Yasothon Football Club ( Thai สโมสรฟุตบอลจังหวัดยโสธร ) , is a Thailand semi professional Association football club based in Yasothon Province . The club was formed in 2010 and entered the Thai League 3 Northeastern region .
Stadium and locations
Season By Season record
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
R6 = Round 6
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
Players
Current squad
Club staff
References
External links
Official website
Official Facebook page
Association football clubs established in 2010
Football clubs in Thailand
Yasothon province
2010 establishments in Thailand
Daniel Bishop may refer to :
Dan Bishop ( born 1964 ) , American attorney and politician ; U.S. Representative from North Carolina
Daniel Bishop , American drummer for Christian rock band Slingshot 57
Daniel Bishop Meigs ( 1835–1916 ) , Canadian politician
Infarto ( Spanish for heart attack ) is a hidden camera show on Azteca 13 in Mexico and Azteca América in the United States . People appearing on the show have been subjected to pranks such as the victim believing that they will be sacrificed in a cult ritual or believing that they will be murdered by axe-wielding neighbors in the midst of a blackout . Because of the extreme and traumatizing nature of the show 's content , the authenticity of the show is heavily debated . Sci-Fi Channel 's original show , Scare Tactics is modeled after this concept .
Pop culture
The American television show The Soup , known for its lampooning week-in-review of celebrity and television stories , began airing short clips of Infarto since July 2006 , mainly to mock the deep , menacing voice which utters `` Infarto '' when the show 's title logo is displayed . This may , in part , be because `` Infarto '' contains the word `` fart '' and is therefore amusing to English-speakers . The Soup host Joel McHale has called Infarto `` the most evil practical-joke show in the world '' .
Late night television show Jimmy Kimmel Live ! aired a clip of the show featuring a knife-wielding old man .
External links
Azteca Uno original programming
2005 Mexican television series debuts
Hidden camera television series
Martin Creek Lake State Park is a developed recreational area in East Texas in the United States . The park is located southwest of Tatum on Martin Creek Lake in Rusk County and is managed by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department . The Texas Utilities Generating Company deeded the park to the state in 1976 , and it opened the same year .
Features
Recreation
The park offers year-round fishing , camping , paddling , lake swimming , hiking and cycling , water-skiing , picnicking , geocaching and nature photography .
Flora
Many types of hardwood trees like black oak are found in the park mixed in with loblolly pine and shortleaf pine trees .
Fauna
Wildlife found in this forested area include opossums , swamp rabbits , beaver , white-tailed deer , raccoons , armadillos and squirrels . Some of the most commonly seen birds are mallard ducks , great blue herons , green herons , great egrets , northern cardinals , blue jays , red-headed woodpeckers , cormorants and northern mockingbirds .
Fish in Martin Creek Lake include largemouth bass , crappie , channel catfish , yellow bullhead , tilapia and sunfish .
See also
List of Texas state parks
References
External links
Rusk County , Texas
State parks of Texas
1976 establishments in Texas
Protected areas established in 1976
The city of Spokane , located in the east of the U.S. state of Washington , is the metropolitan center of the Inland Northwest region of the United States , where it serves as a hub for retail trade and services . , Spokane has 40 high-rise buildings . High-rise development began in 1891 , shortly after the Great Spokane Fire of 1889 , with the completion of the Review Building featuring a traditional brick-and-stone construction . In the late 19th century , the term skyscraper was typically used to describe buildings of a relatively modest 10 to 20 stories in height that were built on a ground level of thick masonry walls , as opposed to the contemporary usage of the term which is often used to describe more modern high-rise buildings in excess of 40 or 50 stories that were made possible with the incorporation of a metal framework . After the advent of steel-frame construction , allowing for increased strength to support more floors , local applications of this technology began showing up in a significant way in the early 20th century in the form of the U.S. Bank Building ( built 1910 ) and the Paulsen Medical and Dental Building ( built 1929 ) , both of which became the tallest in the city . The U.S. Bank Building was also the tallest building in the state of Washington upon its completion . The current tallest building in Spokane , surpassing the Paulsen Medical and Dental Building , is the Bank of America Financial Center , which was completed in 1981 and has held the distinction for years .
Cityscape
Tallest buildings
Spokane has 24 high rises that stand at least tall based on standard height measurement . This height includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts . Spokane 's first high-rise , the Review Building was the tallest building in Spokane upon completion in 1891 and held the title for roughly 10 years . The U.S. Bank Building was the tallest building in the city from 1910 until 1929 when it was surpassed in height by the Paulsen Medical and Dental Building , which lasted as the tallest from 1929 until 1981 when the current tallest building , the Bank of America Financial Center was completed .
In popular culture
The subject of skyscrapers in Spokane entered popular culture in an episode of How I Met Your Mother when a proposed building became a topic of discussion , where main character , Ted Mosby , an architect , was tasked by his boss with designing a 78-story skyscraper for a client in downtown Spokane . When revealed to the client later in the episode , the building was ridiculed for its phallic shape and the design was rejected .
See also
Architecture of Spokane , Washington
Notes
References
General
Specific
External links
Spokane and skyscraper diagram at SkyscraperPage
Spokane at the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat
Spokane
Buildings and structures in Spokane , Washington
Tallest in Spokane
Rear Admiral Dennis Royle Farquharson Cambell , ( 13 November 1907 – 6 April 2000 ) was a flag officer of the Royal Navy , who invented the angled flight deck .
Naval career
Educated at Westminster School , Cambell was a Special Entry Cadet from 1925 in the training ship .
From 15 September 1926 , Cambell served as a midshipman on ( in the Battle Cruiser Squadron of the Atlantic Fleet ) . Having been made acting sub-lieutenant at the start of 1929 , he started lieutenants courses at the Royal Naval College , Greenwich , and continued from 12 August 1929 at Portsmouth . As sub-lieutenant he joined the destroyer , , Atlantic Fleet , on 23 March 1930 . From September 1930 to the following August he was based at RAF Leuchars , having been made lieutenant in December 1930 .
Cambell left the course early to join 405 Flight ( equipped with Fairey Flycatchers ) in July 1931 at Hal Far ( Malta ) then to . In November 1932 they disembarked to RAF Netheravon . The following January he joined 401 Flight ( Flycatchers ) in which subsequently disbanded into in 801 Naval Air Squadron ( Flycatchers ) at Netheravon . In December that year he joined 800 Squadron ( Nimrods ) at Netheravon and they embarked in on 20 February 1934 . In April 1936 he joined the twin-screw minesweeper , as First Lieutenant ( second-in-command ) . In 1938 he joined the newly formed 803 Squadron ( Osprey IIIs ) at RAF Worthy Down .
Cambell served in the Second World War , initially as Commanding Officer of 803 Naval Air Squadron , now with Blackburn Skua IIs instead of Ospreys . On 14 September 1939 they lost two Skuas from the sub-flight he was leading whilst attacking and on 26 September they shot down a Dornier Do 18 , this being the first German aircraft to be shot down during the Second World War by any British aircraft .
In June 1940 Cambell became a test pilot at the Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment ( A & AEE ) at RAF Boscombe Down . February 1942 saw him transferred to as lieutenant commander ( flying ) until July when he was appointed to for duty with Ministry of Aircraft Production . While there he was called upon to test fly and deck-land the Firebrand with which Blackburn test pilots were having difficulties . After promotion to commander in December 1942 , he was appointed the following March to as Senior Naval Representative to the British Air Commission , Washington D.C .
After the war Cambell was appointed to the Naval Staff in the Admiralty in the Naval Air Warfare and Flying Training Division . In 1947 he was back at sea firstly as Commander ( Air ) on in the Far East Fleet , and then in December that year to , working out of Portland for the Anti-Submarine School . In December 1948 he was promoted to captain , and in 1950 he was once again assigned to HMS President `` for miscellaneous services '' , which meant that he was working at the Ministry of Supply . It was during this period that he devised the angled flight deck working in collaboration with Lewis Boddington of RAF Farnborough .
In September 1954 Cambell was appointed as the first captain of the new carrier , which was commissioned in February 1955 . In September 1956 he was again at the Admiralty this time as Director of Naval Air Warfare .
Cambell 's final appointment was as Flag Officer , Flying Training at Yeovilton ( ) from 15 October 1957 . In 1958 he was made an Officer of the American Legion of Merit and in 1960 , on retirement , he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath ( London Gazette 1.1.60 ; Investiture 9.2.60 . ) From 19 October 1960 he was in the Retired List . On retirement he became European Sales Director for Hiller and then Hughes Helicopters , and then Director of Executive Travel .
References
External links
Dennis Cambell
How the Royal Navy changed US Naval Aviation
1907 births
2000 deaths
People from Southsea
Military personnel from Portsmouth
Graduates of the Royal Naval College , Greenwich
Royal Navy rear admirals
People educated at Westminster School , London
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross ( United Kingdom )
Royal Naval Air Service aviators
British World War II pilots
British World War II bomber pilots
Officers of the Legion of Merit
Royal Navy officers of World War II
This Afternoon ( stylised as THIS afternoon ) is a short-lived Australian news and current affairs television program that was broadcast by the Nine Network . It was produced by the network and broadcast live from 4:30pm to 5:30pm weekdays for two-and-half weeks in mid-2009 .
The program focused on news , sport , weather and entertainment and featured current affairs reports and interviews . The program was presented by Andrew Daddo , radio presenter and journalist Katrina Blowers and news presenter Mark Ferguson . Nine News reporters from around the country and overseas provided reports on news and entertainment .
On 15 July 2009 , the Nine Network cancelled This Afternoon after 12 airings due to poor ratings . With the demise of This Afternoon , Nine reinstated Nine Afternoon News ( which had been replaced by This Afternoon ) , followed by Antiques Roadshow at 5.00pm and Hot Seat at 5.30pm . As a result , Nine News had Mark Ferguson as national presenter until left the Nine Network on 25 September 2009 to join the Seven Network .
See also
List of programs broadcast by Nine Network
List of Australian television series
References
2009 Australian television series debuts
2009 Australian television series endings
Australian television news shows
English-language television shows
Nine News
Men in Hope ( ) is a 2011 Czech romantic sex comedy film written and directed by Jiří Vejdělek .
Plot
Ondřej ( Jiří Macháček ) , a timid and reserved man , is in a monotonous marriage with Alice ( Petra Hřebíčková ) . On the contrary , his promiscuous father-in-law Rudolf ( Bolek Polívka ) who lives next door has a happy marriage of 35 years with Marta ( Simona Stašová ) . As Ondřej 's marriage gets increasingly boring , Rudolf encourages Ondřej to imitate him to save his marriage . Ondřej rejects it but he changes his mind after he meets Šarlota ( Vica Kerekes ) , a new date of Rudolf .
Cast
Jiří Macháček as Ondřej
Bolek Polívka as Rudolf
Petra Hřebíčková as Alice
Vica Kerekes as Šarlota
Simona Stašová as Marta
Lukáš Langmajer as Louis
Hynek Čermák as Masér
Filip Antonio as Pavlík
Michal Novotný as číšník v Café Max
Jitka Čvančarová as průvodkyně
Eliška Křenková as Irena
Emma Smetana as Bára
Berenika Kohoutová as mladá Marta
Václav Jílek as mladý Rudolf
Reception
Kamil Fila said that , `` It is difficult to say when the trend began in Czech cinema with the stream of sexual innuendos replacing a coherent plot , but Men in Hope represents its peak so far . '' Other critics praised the films and Kerekes 's performance .
References
External links
2011 films
2011 romantic comedy films
2010s sex comedy films
2010s Czech-language films
Adultery in films
Czech romantic comedy films
Dax Xenos Jones ( born August 4 , 1970 ) is a former Major League Baseball player for the San Francisco Giants . He was drafted by the Giants in the 8th round ( 220th pick overall ) of the 1990 amateur draft . In 1996 , his only year in the majors , he hit .172 ( 10 for 58 ) with one home run ( inside the park ) , two triples , and two stolen bases . He was a career .284 hitter in the minor leagues over 8 years . His highest batting average in the minor leagues was .309 in Phoenix during the 1996 season . He stole 98 bases in his 8-year minor league career , his best year being 1992 when he combined for 20 between Clinton and Shreveport .
Jones ' first and middle name were taken from the lead character in the 1970 film The Adventurers .
References
External links
Pura Pelota ( Venezuelan Winter League )
1970 births
Living people
Baseball players from Pittsburgh
Clinton Giants players
Creighton Bluejays baseball players
African-American baseball players
Everett Giants players
Major League Baseball center fielders
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Pastora de Occidente players
Phoenix Firebirds players
San Francisco Giants players
Shreveport Captains players
Valley Vipers players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Baseball players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Waukegan , Illinois
The National Museum of Photography ( Nationale Fotomuseum ) is located in the Black Diamond , a modern waterfront extension to the Royal Danish Library in Copenhagen .
History
The National Museum of Photography , founded in 1996 , moved into its current premises when the Black Diamond was completed in 1999 . However , the museum is based on the Royal Library 's collections .
Since the invention of photography in 1839 , photographs have been included in The Royal Library 's collections . The first items in the collection were photographs pasted into printed books . Later a collection of individual photographs emerged through donations and acquisitions . In 1902 , the collection was incorporated into the then newly established Department of Maps and Pictures . From the beginning of the 1950s , efforts to build a comprehensive photographic collection were intensified and the collection grew tremendously under the direction of Bjørn Ochner , Denmark 's first photo-historian . Today the Royal Library 's collection contains around 18 million photographs .
Photographs which are either of special historic or artistic importance now form the basis of the museum .
Collections
The museum 's collections , consisting of around 100,000 photographs , cover Danish and international photography from its invention in 1839 to the present day . Pioneering photography from the 19th century is particularly well represented . The collection of daguerreotypes is the largest in Scandinavia .
Exhibitions
The museum 's exhibitions are generally based on its collection which is frequently supplemented with loans from artists or other institutions . Exhibitions can be based on a theme , a genre , a place , a specific photographer or else aspects of the collection are highlighted via loans from artists or institutions at home and abroad .
See also
Photography in Denmark
References
External links
Art museums and galleries in Copenhagen
National museums of Denmark
Photography museums and galleries in Denmark
Art museums established in 1996
1996 establishments in Denmark
Fontamara is a 1980 Italian film , directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the novel of the same name by Ignazio Silone . It stars Michele Placido in the role of Berardo Viola and Antonella Murgia as Elvira . Ida Di Benedetto won the Nastro d'Argento ( Silver Ribbon ) for Best supporting Actress in 1981 for her supporting role as Maria Rosa .
Plot
In 1929 in Abruzzo , in the mountain villages of Pescina and Fontamara , near Avezzano , the people are subjugated by the arrival of a team of fascists . The militiamen prove hostile , preventing citizens from obtaining supplies necessary to survive the imminent winter . The small Berardo is shocked by the rape of his mother by a fascist officer , and is forced to go to Rome , meditating revenge . Ten years later Berardo in fact , now that he has become large , goes back from Rome in Abruzzo , and discovers that the country is still victim of abuse of fascism . The young communist tries to attack squadrons , but is murdered .
Cast
Michele Placido – Berardo Viola
Ida Di Benedetto – Maria Rosa
Imma Piro – Maria Grazia
Antonella Murgia – Elvira
External links
http : //www.filmscoop.it/film_al_cinema/fontamara.asp
References
1980 films
Italian drama films
1980s Italian-language films
Films set in Abruzzo
Films directed by Carlo Lizzani
Films about fascists
Films set in Pescara
Films shot in Pescara
1980s Italian films
Emanuelle Araújo ( born July 21 , 1976 ) is a Brazilian actress , singer and songwriter . She became nationally known in 1999 as lead singer of Banda Eva , where she stayed for only two and a half years until 2002 . In 2004 she founded the samba-rock band Moinho with Lan Lan and Toni Costa , in which she is currently vocalist .
Early life and career
Araújo began her career at the age of ten doing theater with the Interarte Company , where she remained until 1990 and starred in the plays A Bruxinha que Era Boa , O Gato Malhado e a Andorinha Sinhá , O Rapto das Cebolinhas , Alice no País das Maravilhas , Pare para Decidir - O Musical and Dançar Bahia , the last two in which she traveled to presentations in Argentina , Uruguay , Peru and France .
In 1993 , at age 17 , she became pregnant and had her daughter , Bruna . In 1994 , she entered the biology course of the Federal University of Bahia , but gave up the first year and began to study performing arts in the same place , where she graduated in 1998 .
Filmography
Theater
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Brazilian women composers
Brazilian television actresses
Brazilian stage actresses
Brazilian film actresses
People from Salvador , Bahia
21st-century Brazilian singers
21st-century Brazilian women singers
Livadochori may refer to several places in Greece :
Livadochori , Lemnos , a village on Lemnos Island , North Aegean
Livadochori , Serres , a village in the municipal unit Strymoniko , Serres regional unit
Livadochori , Trikala , a village in the municipal unit Pindos , Trikala regional unit
Newtown Linford is a linear village in Leicestershire , England . The population of the civil parish was 1,000 at the 2001 census , including Ulverscroft and increasing to 1,103 at the 2011 census .
It is located in a valley in the Charnwood Forest area , and has four access roads . The first is from Anstey , then there are roads which lead to the A50 at Groby and at Markfield ( the former passing Groby Pool ) . There is another road that leads out to the North , which splits towards Ulverscroft , or Loughborough , Woodhouse , Woodhouse Eaves , Swithland etc .
History
The village 's name originates from the relocation of people when the Ferrers family of Groby turned Bradgate into a deer park . The people who lived within the estate were moved to the `` New Town '' - or hamlet as it would have been then , at the ford of the river Lin ( once located at the junction of Markfield Lane and Main Street ) . The village was first documented in 1293 and was previously known as `` Lyndynford '' . The villagers were all tenants of the Ferrers family , and later the Grey family .
The village is famous for Bradgate Park , a large country park which was home to Lady Jane Grey , Queen for nine days . Bradgate Park is a popular destination for days out in Leicestershire , home to several herds of deer , and children are often seen paddling in the shallow river Lin , which runs through it . There are a few shops ( mainly aimed at the day-trippers who come to Bradgate Park ) but the garden centre which used to dominate the centre of the village closed in 2004 and has been built on for housing . All of the properties in the village belonged to the Grey Estate until 1925 when it was sold off . Much of the village was designated a conservation area in 1972 , and there are 32 listed buildings in the village which include the old style red telephone box .
Local area
There is one pub in the village - The Bradgate and one Club The Linford . There is a primary school which celebrated its centenary in 2007 , and various restaurants ( including Gibson 's Grey Lady ) . In 2008 the Louis Scott Restaurant opposite the Park gates changed ownership and became the Village Restaurant putting it in the same family ownership as Gibson 's Grey Lady Restaurant . The Johnscliffe Hotel was demolished a few years ago to make way for housing .
Bradgate Park attracts walkers and cyclists , and in the summer the village is often full of day-trippers from all around Leicestershire . There are three cafes , the Jade Tearooms , the Post Office Cafe and the Marion Cafe which was named after Marion Richardson who used to live there . The Post Office itself was closed in 2008 but remains a newsagent as well as a cafe . There is also a cafe in the Deer Barn in the centre of Bradgate Park .
The River Lin runs through the village , before flowing through Bradgate Park and joining the reservoir at Cropston .
Newtown Linford boasts a large number of old cottages with a lot of character - especially between Groby Lane and Markfield Lane . At the end of Groby Lane is the village cricket pitch . All Saints Church ( built c.1400 ) is next to the cricket pitch , but the village cemetery lies at the top of the hill on Groby Lane . The churchyard includes a gravestone inscribed with the letters of the alphabet and numerals , said to have been a practice stone purchased by a miserly man to save on the cost of getting a stone inscribed .
The village 's cricket club plays in Division One of the Leicestershire & Rutland Cricket League , Second Team in Division Four and Thirds in Division Nine . They are ECB Clubmark accredited .
They also operate a Sunday team , a Thursday League evening side and Under 10s , 13s , 15s & 17s . Players of all abilities are welcome .
In 2015 the Club were the winners of the Yorkshire Tea Cricket Tea Challenge and as part of their prize hosted a PCA Masters XI in front of almost 1,000 spectators at their Main Street ground .
Newtown Linford is also home to one of Britain 's surviving police boxes . This box is a listed building and is still used by the local Police beat team today .
Governance
Newtown Linford is located within the Charnwood parliamentary constituency , currently represented by Edward Argar . It is within the Bradgate County Electoral Division and is represented on Leicestershire County Council by Councillor Deborah Taylor . It is within the Forest Bradgate ward of Charnwood Borough Council , on which is represented by Councillor David Snartt .
Newtown Linford is twinned with Plateau Est de Rouen in France ,
References
External links
Newtown Linford Parish Council
Villages in Leicestershire
Civil parishes in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
Neohelluo angulicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Neohelluo .
References
Anthiinae ( beetle )
The Women 's Hospital School of Medicine Zhejiang University ( Traditional Chinese : 浙江大學醫學院附屬婦產科醫院 ; Simplified Chinese : 浙江大学医学院附属妇产科医院 ) is a hospital specialized for women in Hangzhou , Zhejiang Province , People 's Republic of China .
Introduction
It is a university hospital affiliated to the School of Medicine , Zhejiang University . Previously , the hospital was known as the Zhejiang Women 's Hospital ( Traditional Chinese : 浙江省婦女醫院/浙江省婦女保健院 ; Simplified Chinese : 浙江省妇女医院/浙江省妇女保健院 ) .
It was founded in 1951 , just after the Chinese Civil War , to fit the local health care demand for women and babies . Currently the hospital has nearly 1000 staff members including about 130 experts and academic faculty . It has about 750 normal beds and about 200 baby beds .
References
External links
Women 's Hospital , School of Medicine , Zhejiang University - Official website/Homepage
Hospital buildings completed in 1951
Hospitals under Zhejiang University School of Medicine
Women 's hospitals
Teaching hospitals in China
The Oxfordshire Senior Cup is the senior county cup of the Oxfordshire Football Association . The competition was first contested in the 1884–85 season .
Most winners
Oxford City 36
Headington United/Oxford United 15
Witney Town 11
Thame United 8
Cowley 6
Banbury United 6
Culham College 5
Henley 5
Oxford United College Servants 5
Pressed Steel 4
Morris Motors 3
Banbury Britannia Works/Banbury Volunteers 2
Banbury Harriers 2
Bicester Town 2
Caversham Rovers 2
Chipping Norton Town 2
Pegasus 2
Peppard 2
RAF Heyford 2
North Leigh 2
Amersham Hall School 1
Ardley United 1
Banbury Stones Athletic 1
Cygnets 1
ITC ( Infantry Training Centre ) 1
Quarry Nomads 1
RAF Bicester 1
RAF Harwell 1
St. Frideswide 1
Finals since 1997
Previous winners
1885 Culham College F.C .
1886 Culham College F.C .
1887 Oxford United College Servants F.C .
1888 Banbury Harriers F.C .
1889 Oxford United College Servants F.C .
1890 Amersham Hall School F.C .
1891 Banbury Harriers F.C .
1892 Oxford United College Servants F.C .
1893 Oxford United College Servants F.C .
1894 Oxford United College Servants F.C .
1895 Witney F.C .
1896 Oxford Cygnets F.C .
1897 Culham College F.C .
1898 Witney F.C .
1899 Witney F.C .
1900 Oxford City F.C .
1901 Oxford City F.C .
1902 Culham College F.C .
1903 Culham College F.C .
1904 Henley F.C .
1905 Banbury Volunteers F.C .
1906 Thame F.C .
1907 Caversham Rovers F.C .
1908 Caversham Rovers F.C .
1909 Thame F.C .
1910 Thame F.C .
1911 Henley F.C .
1912 Oxford City F.C .
1913 Henley F.C .
1914 Henley F.C .
1915–1919 Competition suspended – World War I
1920 Banbury Britannia Works F.C .
1921 Morris Motors F.C .
1922 Cowley F.C .
1923 Cowley F.C .
1924 Cowley F.C .
1925 Cowley F.C .
1926 St. Frideswide F.C .
1927 Cowley F.C .
1928 Banbury Stones Athletic F.C .
1929 Oxford City F.C . ( Reserves )
1930 Bicester Town F.C .
1931 Oxford City F.C . ( Reserves )
1932 R.A.F . Heyford F.C .
1933 R.A.F . Bicester F.C .
1934 R.A.F . Heyford F.C .
1935 Cowley F.C .
1936 Headington United F.C .
1937 Pressed Steel F.C .
1938 Pressed Steel F.C .
1939 Bicester Town F.C .
1940 Pressed Steel F.C .
1941 I.T.C . F.C . ( Infantry Training Centre )
1942 Oxford City F.C .
1943 R.A.F . Harwell F.C .
1944 Oxford City F.C .
1945 Oxford City F.C .
1946 Oxford City F.C .
1947 Henley Town F.C .
1948 Headington United F.C .
1949 Oxford City F.C .
1950 Pegasus F.C .
1951 Oxford City F.C .
1952 Headington United F.C .
1953 Witney Town F.C .
1954 Oxford City F.C .
1955 Witney Town F.C .
1956 Witney Town F.C .
1957 Oxford City F.C .
1958 Pegasus F.C .
1959 Witney Town F.C .
1960 Oxford City F.C .
1961 Oxford City F.C .
1962 Oxford City F.C .
1963 Oxford City F.C .
1964 Morris Motors F.C .
1965 Oxford City F.C .
1966 Quarry Nomads F.C .
1967 Oxford City F.C .
1968 Oxford City F.C .
1969 Oxford City F.C .
1970 Oxford City F.C .
1971 Oxford City F.C . and
Witney Town F.C . ( Joint holders )
1972 Oxford City F.C .
1973 Witney Town F.C .
1974 Oxford City F.C .
1975 Pressed Steel F.C .
1976 Thame United F.C .
1977 Chipping Norton Town F.C .
1978 Chipping Norton Town F.C .
1979 Banbury United F.C .
1980 Peppard F.C .
1981 Thame United F.C .
1982 Peppard F.C .
1983 Oxford City F.C .
1984 Oxford City F.C .
1985 Morris Motors F.C .
1986 Oxford City F.C .
1987 Oxford United F.C .
1988 Banbury United F.C .
1989 Oxford United F.C .
1990 Oxford United F.C .
1991 Oxford United F.C .
1992 Oxford United F.C .
1993 Thame United F.C .
1994 Witney Town F.C .
1995 Witney Town F.C .
1996 Oxford City F.C .
1997 Oxford City F.C .
1998 Witney Town F.C .
1999 Oxford City F.C .
2000 Oxford City F.C .
2001 Thame United F.C .
2002 Thame United F.C .
2003 Oxford City F.C .
2004 Banbury United F.C .
2005 Banbury United F.C .
2006 Oxford United F.C .
2007 Banbury United F.C .
2008 North Leigh F.C .
2009 Oxford United F.C .
2010 Oxford United F.C .
2011 Oxford United F.C .
2012 North Leigh F.C .
2013 Oxford United F.C .
2014 Ardley United F.C .
2015 Banbury United F.C .
2016 Oxford United F.C .
2017 North Leigh F.C .
2018 Oxford City F.C .
2019 Oxford City F.C .
References
County Cup competitions
Football in Oxfordshire
Perth Charterhouse or Perth Priory , known in Latin as Domus Vallis Virtutis ( `` House of the Valley of Virtue '' ) , was a monastic house of Carthusian monks based at Perth , Scotland . It was the only Carthusian house ever to be established in the Kingdom of Scotland , and one of the last non-mendicant houses to be founded in the kingdom . The traditional founding date of the house is 1429 . Formal suppression of the house came in 1569 , though this was not actualised until 1602 .
King James VI Hospital now occupies the Priory 's former location .
Carthusian Order
The Carthusian Order has its origin in the 11th century at La Grande Chartreuse in the Alps ; Carthusian houses are small , and limited in number . Carrying the motto `` Never reformed because never deformed '' , the Carthusians are the most ascetic and austere of all the European monastic orders , and the Order is regarded as the pinnacle of religious devotion to which monks from other orders are attracted when they were in need of greater spiritual challenges . In the first half of the 15th century , the Order experienced a renewal of secular patronage , including an attempted foundation by Archibald Douglas , 4th Earl of Douglas , in 1419 .
Foundation
The traditional founding date of the house is 1429 . However , it was three years earlier , on 19 August 1426 , that the Prior of La Grande Chartreuse , having received the consent of the General Chapter of the Carthusian Order , authorised the foundation of a house at Perth . King James used much of his own revenue as well as part of the ransom payment owed to the English crown , to begin work on the new house , as well as pressurising others to make grants ; the Cistercian monk John of Bute was given responsibility for overseeing the construction of the priory . The priory may have been intended as a royal mausoleum , and King James I of Scotland ( reigned 1424-1437 ) , his queen Joan Beaufort ( c.1404-1445 ) and queen Margaret Tudor ( 1489-1541 ) , widow of James IV , were buried there . The first Prior of Perth , Oswald de Corda , was in office by 31 March 1429 . Oswald was a Bavarian who served as vicar of the Grande Chartreuse ; while there , he wrote a treatise on textual emendation .
Property
The monastery was founded at the instigation of King James , who on 31 March 1429 , granted the proposed house a series of privileges . Coupar Angus Abbey and William Hay of Errol gave , `` through fear '' it was said by his grandson , the church of Errol in Gowrie ; Coupar Angus had been the former rector and Hay the patron of the church of Errol , and both the abbey and the Hays of Errol tried to recover their rights after James I 's death . There were also grants from Perth burgesses , perhaps under the same pressure . By 1434 , the priory had control of the Hospital of St Mary Magdalene and the house of Augustinian canonesses of St Leonard , near Perth , which was suppressed in 1438 and its revenues transferred to the Charterhouse . The king also had plans to take Glen Dochart from the Earl of Atholl and give it to the house .
Development
The model house of the Carthusian Order was one prior and twelve brothers , following the example of Jesus Christ and his twelve apostles . It is likely therefore that the community of Perth Charterhouse usually consisted of this ; however , a document from 1478 shows that at that time it consisted of a prior , fourteen choir-monks , two lay brothers and one novice . This was probably an aberration , and by 1529 the house was back down to the standard size . By 1558 there were only ten brothers .
As the house was the only Carthusian establishment in Scotland , Perth 's place in the international Carthusian system was awkward . It was part of the Carthusian province of Picardy ; between 1456 and 1460 it was part of the English province , but it was placed in the province of Geneva thereafter .
Reformation and dissolution
On 11 May 1559 , the Charterhouse and the other religious houses of Perth were attacked and destroyed by Protestant `` reformers '' ; one of the brothers was killed , four others fled abroad , while six monks chose to remain ; two of those , the prior Adam Forman and a brother , fled in to foreign Carthusian houses in 1567 . Of the four who remained in 1567 , one was Adam Stewart , illegitimate son of King James V of Scotland , who for some time styled himself `` Prior '' . King James VI of Scotland granted the buildings and the gardens of the house to the burgh of Perth on 9 August 1569 , though the house remained in notional operation , being held by commendators until 1602 . The final suppression of the monastery in that year probably relates to the reissuing of King James VI 's 1569 charter in 1600 .
Of the Priory buildings , said to be 'of wondrous cost and greatness ' , nothing survives above ground . Excavations have failed to identify the exact location . The name Pomarium Street , for modern housing near the site of the medieval buildings , recalls the site of the house 's orchard , which seems to have survived into the 18th century . Perth bus station now occupies part of Pomarium Street .
Burials
James I of Scotland ( 1394–1437 )
Joan Beaufort , Queen of Scots ( c.1404–1445 )
Margaret Tudor , Queen of Scots ( 1489–1541 )
The stone slab which covered the tomb of James and his queen can be seen in St John 's Kirk .
See also
Prior of Perth , for a list of priors and commendators
Adam of Dryburgh
Bruno of Cologne
Witham Friary
Notes
References
Bartlett , Robert , England Under the Norman and Angevin Kings , 1075-1225 , ( Oxford , 2000 )
Brown , Michael , James I , ( East Linton , 1994 )
Cowan , Ian B . & Easson , David E. , Medieval Religious Houses : Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man , Second Edition , ( London , 1976 )
Lawson , John Parker , The Book of Perth : An Illustration of the Moral and Ecclesiastical State of Scotland before and after the Reformation , with Introduction , Observations , and Notes , ( Edinburgh , 1847 )
Stevenson , Joseph , ( ed . ) & Elphinstone , William , The Life and Death of King James the First of Scotland , ( Edinburgh , 1837 )
Watt , D. E. R. , & Shead , N. F . ( eds . ) , The Heads of Religious Houses in Scotland from the 12th to the 16th Centuries , The Scottish Records Society , New Series , Volume 24 , ( Edinburgh , 2001 )
Oswaldi de Corda Opus pacis ( Turnhout : Brepols , 2001 )
1429 establishments in Scotland
1569 establishments in Scotland
Religious organizations established in the 1420s
Christian monasteries established in the 15th century
Carthusian monasteries in the United Kingdom
History of Perth , Scotland
Religious buildings and structures in Perth , Scotland
Religion in Perth and Kinross
Former Christian monasteries in Scotland
Journal of Cardiovascular Pharmacology and Therapeutics is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers cardiology . The editor-in-chief is Karin Przyklenk ( Wayne State University ) and the founding editor is Bramah N. Singh ( University of California , Los Angeles ) . It was established in 1996 and is published by Sage Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index Expanded . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2014 impact factor is 2.094 , ranking it 142 out of 254 journals in the category `` Pharmacology & Pharmacy '' and 62 out of 123 journals in the category `` Cardiac and Cardiovascular Systems '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Cardiology journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1996
Pharmacology journals
The 2022 NCAA Division I baseball season was a college baseball season in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) at the Division I level . It began on February 18 , 2022 , with play progressing through the regular season , various conference tournaments and championship series , and concluding with the 2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament and 2022 Men 's College World Series . The Men 's College World Series , consisting of the eight remaining teams in the NCAA Tournament and held annually in Omaha , Nebraska , at Charles Schwab Field Omaha , ended on June 26 , 2022 .
Realignment
The following schools changed conferences effective with the 2022 season :
Five schools left the Southland Conference . Abilene Christian , Lamar , Sam Houston , and Stephen F. Austin joined the Western Athletic Conference , and Central Arkansas joined the ASUN Conference .
The Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference ( MEAC ) lost three members . Bethune–Cookman and Florida A & M joined the Southwestern Athletic Conference , and North Carolina A & T joined the Big South Conference .
The Ohio Valley Conference lost Eastern Kentucky and Jacksonville State to the ASUN .
Northern Colorado , a WAC baseball associate through the 2021 season , left for single-sport membership in the Summit League .
St. Thomas , formerly of NCAA Division III 's Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference , also joined the Summit League after successfully obtaining an NCAA waiver for a direct transition to D-I .
The 2022 season proved to be the last for MEAC baseball for the immediate future . On July 12 , 2022 , the Northeast Conference ( NEC ) and MEAC announced a partnership in which all MEAC members that sponsored baseball and men 's and women 's golf became NEC affiliates in those sports effective immediately . Accordingly , Coppin State , Delaware State , Maryland Eastern Shore , and Norfolk State became NEC baseball affiliates for the 2023 season and beyond .
In addition to the aforementioned MEAC members , 18 other teams changed conferences after the 2022 season :
Austin Peay , Belmont , and Murray State left the Ohio Valley Conference . Peay joined the ASUN Conference , and Belmont and Murray State joined the Missouri Valley Conference ( MVC ) .
Bryant and Mount St. Mary 's left the NEC , respectively for the America East Conference and Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ( MAAC ) .
Dallas Baptist , a baseball-only member of the MVC , left for Conference USA ( C-USA ) .
Hartford , which began a transition to NCAA Division III in the 2021–22 school year , left the America East to become an independent for 2022–23 before joining the D-III Commonwealth Coast Conference in 2023 .
James Madison left the Colonial Athletic Association ( CAA ) for the Sun Belt Conference ( SBC ) .
Lamar , which had announced it would leave the WAC to return to its former home of the Southland Conference ( SLC ) in 2023–24 , expedited this move to 2022–23 .
Little Rock and UT Arlington left the SBC , respectively for the OVC and WAC .
Marshall , Old Dominion , and Southern Miss left C-USA for the SBC .
Monmouth left the MAAC for the CAA .
North Carolina A & T left the Big South Conference after only one season for the CAA .
Stony Brook left the America East for the CAA .
UIC left the Horizon League for the MVC .
Incarnate Word had announced plans to leave the SLC for the WAC after the 2022 season , but days before that move was to take effect , the school announced it was staying in the SLC .
Conference standings
Conference winners and tournaments
Thirty athletic conferences each end their regular seasons with a single-elimination tournament or a double-elimination tournament . The teams in each conference that win their regular season title are given the number one seed in each tournament . The winners of these tournaments receive automatic invitations to the 2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament .
College World Series
Coaching changes
This table lists programs that changed head coaches at any point from the first day of the 2022 season until the day before the first day of the 2023 season .
See also
2022 NCAA Division I softball season
References
Chasseur is a French brand of colorful enameled cast iron cookware and trivets . It is manufactured by the Invicta S.A. foundry based in Donchery in the Champagne-Ardenne region of Northern France , which has been manufacturing cast iron products since 1924 .
Chasseur cookware can be used on all stovetops including induction .
References
External links
Invicta S.A. official website ( French )
Chasseur official website ( English )
Chasseur official website ( French )
Chasseur official distributor in Greece
Kitchenware brands
is a private junior college in Ichinoseki , Iwate , Japan , chartered in 1953 . The predecessor of the school was founded in 1899 .
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1899
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Iwate Prefecture
1899 establishments in Japan
Ichinoseki , Iwate
Mukham ( ) is a 1990 Indian Malayalam-language thriller film co-written and directed by Mohan , starring Mohanlal , Nassar and Ranjini in the lead roles . The film does not have any songs , but features a musical score composed by Johnson . It is considered one of the best murder mystery movies in Malayalam but didnt do well in boxoffice .
Plot
The film is about a police officer who tries to uncover and stop an unknown serial killer who has sniped three victims and plans for the fourth one .
Cast
Mohanlal as ACP Hariprasad IPS
Ranjini as Usha
Nassar as Comm . P. N. Narendran IPS
Priya as Prema
Bindhya as Nirmala
Sukumaran as DySP Minnal Madhavan
Sankaradi as Kesavan Nair
Vijay Menon as Vijay
Soman as Home Minister
Innocent as Anthony
Mala Aravindan as Agasthy
Ravi Menon as Kunjikrishnan
Valsala Menon as Usha 's Mother
Shivaji as CI Narayana Swamy
T. P. Madhavan as Usha 's Father
Kundara Johnny as Menon
Anderson as Alexander
Rajan Sankaradi as George
Joseph Madapally in Cameo Appearance
Rajeevnath in Cameo Appearance
Ramyasree in Cameo Appearance
References
External links
Mukham on Amazon Prime Video
1990 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
1990 thriller films
Films directed by Mohan
Indian thriller films
Moline is an unincorporated community in western Lake Township , Wood County , Ohio , United States .
Moline does not have a post office . It shares its ZIP code with neighboring Walbridge ( 43465 ) .
Geography
Moline is located at the intersection of Moline-Martin Road and East Broadway , approximately six miles south of Toledo . Moline is situated just south of State Route 795 , which is the primary east-west artery of Lake Township , connecting Interstate 280 to Interstate 75 and the Ohio Turnpike ( Interstates 80 and 90 ) . Its altitude is 623 feet ( 190 m ) .
In pop culture
On the TV show Grey 's Anatomy , April Kepner 's family lives on a farm in Moline , Ohio .
References
Unincorporated communities in Wood County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Agassiziella alicialis is a moth of the family Crambidae . It is found in Sri Lanka .
References
Moths described in 1908
Acentropinae
Moths of Sri Lanka
The 1990 Big East men 's basketball tournament took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City , from March 8 to March 11 , 1990 . Its winner received the Big East Conference 's automatic bid to the 1990 NCAA Tournament . It is a single-elimination tournament with four rounds . Syracuse and Connecticut tied for the best regular-season conference record . Based on tie-breakers , Syracuse was awarded the # 1 seed .
Connecticut defeated Syracuse in the championship game 78–75 , to claim its first Big East Tournament championship .
Bracket
Awards
Dave Gavitt Trophy ( Most Valuable Player ) : Chris Smith , Connecticut
All-Tournament Team
Derrick Coleman , Syracuse
Tate George , Connecticut
Tom Greis , Villanova
John Gwynn , Connecticut
Chris Smith , Connecticut
Stephen Thompson , Syracuse
References
External links
Tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Basketball in New York City
College sports in New York City
Sports competitions in New York City
Sports in Manhattan
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
1990s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
The Machinists of Joy are the eighth album by German Industrial/EBM band Die Krupps . The album was released on October 25 , 2013 in four formats : normal digipak CD , limited two-CD digipak , a fan box and as a limited LP/CD combo .
The album is a tribute to the band 's past . It harkens back to the Düsseldorf Punk scene before their first release Stahlwerksynfonie , abandoning the metal sound of their 90s work . The album derives its name from one of the band 's earlier tracks 'Machineries of Joy ' , a cover of Wahre Arbeit Wahrer Lohn done by Ralf Dörper and Nitzer Ebb in 1989 .
The album includes collaboration with Métal Urbain and Dernière Volonté .
Promotion
The single Risikofaktor was accompanied by a music video which was released on January 23 , 2013 .
On December 20 , 2013 the band followed up with a video for limited edition track Nazis auf Speed , which was directed by Philipp Virus .
The band announced a fan director video contest for the track Schmutzfabrik . Also other fan videos were published on official Die Krupps online resources . An official music video - sporting cyberpunk dystopian design - also supported the last single off the album , Robo Sapien , which presented The Red Line , a track to be included on the follow-up studio album one year later . A live version of Robo Sapien was also released on Sonic Seducer magazines M'era Luna Festival 2014 DVD in autumn .
In 2014 the band went on tour in Europe with Vigilante and Chant .
Preceding the tour , die Krupps let their fans participate in a vote on which songs from The Machinists of Joy they should play on tour .
Critical reception
Fredrik Schlatta Wik of Release Magazine noted the band 's change of style compared to the previous album Paradise Now and said , `` 'The Machinists of Joy ' is aptly named ; the main theme of the album is industrial old-school EBM , with fantastic melodic basslines and poses a return to the Die Krupps ' roots and form . '' `` The Metal days are definitely over , even though there are still a lot of guitars on many tracks of the new album '' , wrote J. Niggels Uhlenbruch of Reflections of Darkness , `` But guitarist Marcel Zuercher takes rather a back seat and allows his riffs and licks to support the compositions and rhythms where necessary instead of steamrolling entire songs . '' Uhlenbruch added , `` This path goes back to the roots , and this is not only true for the music but also for the lyrics and the imagery Die Krupps use . ''
The Machinists of Joy received favorable reviews . Grant V. Ziegler of COMA Music Magazine wrote , `` For its driving force , perfect execution of synths and balanced lyrical and vocal attacks , The Machinists of Joy is a must own for all Industrial music fans . '' Dominic Lynch of Intravenous Magazine called the album `` an achievement '' .
However , Release Magazine 's Fredrik Schlatta Wik thought The Machinists of Joy would n't win Die Krupps many new fans : `` So is this album going to appeal to a new audience ? Doubtful . Are the old fans [ ... ] going to like it ? Undoubtedly yes . ''
Track list
Personnel
Jürgen Engler – vocals , keyboards , metal percussion , guitars
Ralf Dörper – samples
Marcel Zürcher – guitars , keyboards
Sascha Osterland – artwork
Charts
References
Die Krupps albums
2013 albums
Metropolis Records albums
Liam Gray ( born 6 September 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who plays as a forward .
Career
Livingston
Gray was a youth player at Bathgate Rose , before joining Livingston at youth level in 2010 . He was a member of the Livingston under-17 squad that won the SFL Under-17 Youth League Cup , defeating Queen 's Park in May 2011 . Gray scored twice in a 3–2 win . A member of Livingston 's under-19 squad , Gray was promoted to the first-team on 14 April 2012 , making his debut aged 17 , as a substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Ayr United .
Career statistics
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Livingston F.C . players
Broxburn Athletic F.C . players
Gala Fairydean Rovers F.C . players
Armadale Thistle F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Hamzabey is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 568 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
`` Adaptation '' is the ninth episode and mid-season premiere of the ninth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead , which aired on AMC on February 10 , 2019 . The episode was made available a week earlier on February 3 via AMC Premiere , the network 's on-demand service .
Plot
Daryl , Michonne , and the others manage to ward off the walkers from the cemetery , killing four more disguised humans , and recovering Jesus ' corpse and the mask from the human who killed him as they leave . As the group head toward the Hilltop , they spot six more walkers following them and lure the group into a confrontation on a covered bridge . Three of the `` walkers '' turn out to be more humans in disguise . Daryl and Michonne kill two while the third , a young woman , surrenders and is taken prisoner back to the Hilltop .
At Alexandria , Negan finds the streets nearly empty and gathers some supplies , including a compass he takes from Judith 's room . As he is about to climb the walls of Alexandria , Judith appears , threatening to shoot him . Negan pleads to let him go , but she warns him there is nothing outside the walls for him . However , Judith does allow him to flee , letting him keep the compass for if he ever loses his way , warning that she will shoot him if she sees him again . Negan retraces his steps back to the Sanctuary , passing the clearing where he had killed Glenn and Abraham , where he gets sick after having drank river water , and stopping by a town where he is briefly attacked by dogs and a walker , before he continues on to the Sanctuary .
Eventually , Michonne 's group returns to the Hilltop . Before they arrived , Tara , Alden , and others planned out search parties to look for the group , with Alden and Luke heading out on the rescue mission . The new threat of humans disguised as walkers is discussed ; the girl is locked up and questioned , but she asserts all the others she knew died at the cemetery and the bridge . Eugene is taken to the infirmary to repair his leg . While helping him , Rosita gets sick and rushes outside , followed by Siddiq . Rosita tells Siddiq that she thinks she is pregnant with his child , which Eugene , who has had romantic attractions to Rosita , overhears .
Negan finds the Sanctuary , now completely abandoned . The courtyard is overgrown with weeds while the main room has various pieces of furniture scattered around and pools of standing water . Negan attempts to live alone in the Sanctuary for a short time , but realizes that there is no longer anything there for him after putting down a small group of walkers . He then puts down Richie , a zombified former Savior that had remained on the grounds , and then abandons the Sanctuary for good , leaving on a motorcycle he retrieves from a hidden room and heads back to Alexandria .
The Hilltop prepares to bury Jesus ' body and Daryl , upset over the loss , rushes down to interrogate the girl again in earshot of Henry , who is also still locked up for past transgressions . Daryl finds that the girl 's mother may still be out there , leading walkers against the various communities . After Daryl leaves , the girl introduces herself as Lydia to Henry and the two start to get to know each other ; Daryl overhears this conversation . Meanwhile , on the road back to Alexandria , Negan finds Judith waiting for him ; she shoots at him , causing him to fall off his motorcycle but not hitting him directly . Negan picks himself up and admits to Judith that she was right , and he plans to willingly return to Alexandria and his cell as he no longer knows what to do with himself .
After Alden and Luke find arrows from Yumiko embedded in trees , they follow the arrows . However , the arrows draw them directly into a dense part of a forest where humans in walker masks surround them . One of the humans reveals the arrow trail was set up by them , brandishes a sawed-off shotgun at them , and proclaims : `` Trail ends here . ''
Production
This episode marks the first appearance of Samantha Morton as Alpha , the leader of The Whisperers . Her casting was first announced in July 2018 . Cassady McClincy also makes her first appearance as Lydia , Alpha 's daughter . Tom Payne , whose character Paul `` Jesus '' Rovia was killed off in the previous episode , appears as the corpse of his deceased character . Showrunner Angela Kang explained : `` Tom was great . We could have just done a dummy or something . He was like , ' I 'll do it if you want me to . If you want me to be the body in the episode I will be there . ' ''
Reception
Critical reception
`` Adaptation '' received positive reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the episode has an approval rating of 92 % with an average score of 6.80 out of 10 , based on 24 reviews . The critical consensus reads : `` 'Adaptation ' creepily fleshes out the Whisperers beyond their rotting camouflage to chilling effect and teases that redemption for the irredeemable Negan may be possible -- adding up to a solid and satisfying return for The Walking Dead . ''
Ratings
`` Adaptation '' received a total viewership of 5.16 million with a 2.0 rating in adults aged 18–49 . It was the highest-rated cable program of the night and the episode increased in viewership from the mid-season finale from November 2018 . However , it was the lowest-rated mid-season premiere in the show 's history .
References
External links
`` Adaptation '' at AMC
2019 American television episodes
The Walking Dead ( season 9 ) episodes
Agnes Muir was an iron full-rigged ship built in 1869 by Robert Duncan & Co at Port Glasgow . Yard No . 32 , her dimensions were and 901 GRT , 851 NRT and 799 tons under deck .
She was launched on 13 March 1869 , built for James Galbraith and partners , Glasgow .
On 27 July 1874 she was sold to Killick Martin & Company , and was initially placed under the command of Captain Evan Lloud . Later that year however the captaincy changed to James Lowe , who remained with her until she was sold by Killick Martin & Company in 1885 .
On 19 May 1885 Killick Martin & Company Sold Agnes Muir to E. Tobias in Germany and she was renamed Adele .
She was subsequently sold in 1899 to Lübken , Elsfleth , and again in 1993 to Aktieselskabet Adele ( E.M. Olsen ) , Tønsberg , Norway .
References
External links
Galbraiths
Killick Martin & Company
Individual sailing vessels
Victorian-era merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built in Glasgow
Ruspolia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Acanthaceae .
Description
A genus of shrubby herbs or shrubs . The leaves are arranged opposite , they have visible linear cystoliths . The flowers are in spikes or panicles , or in 3-7-flowered , cymules aggregated into long raceme-like cymes . The flower has bracts and bracteoles ( small bracts ) that are narrow and inconspicuous . The flower calyx is deeply 5-lobed , with narrow , or linear-lanceolate or filiform ( thread-like ) shaped lobes . Sometimes with thread-like tips . The corolla-tube is narrowly cylindrical , and long and linear . it is divided into 5 subequal lobes , which are spreading or reflexed . The corolla ( petals of the flower ) are usually red , but may be salmon-pink , scarlet or orange-red . They are also hairy and sometimes glandular , on the outside . It has 2 stamens which are just exserted ( projected beyond the corolla-tube ) . They have anthers which are 1-celled . The ovary is 2-celled with 2 ovules in each cell or loculus . Meaning it has 2-4-seeds . It has a filiform ( thread-like ) shaped style .
The fruit or seed capsule is club-shaped , with solid stalk-like basal part . Inside the capsule , the seeds are smooth and glabrous or variously ornamented . They are situated on prominent hook-shaped retinaculas ( thick fibres ) , without hygroscopic hairs .
It has a chromosome count of 2n=21
Distribution and habitat
Its native range is Tropical Africa , southern Africa and Madagascar . It is found in Angola , Botswana , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Ethiopia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Kenya , Malawi , Mali , Mozambique , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Somalia , South Africa ( in KwaZulu-Natal and the Northern Provinces ) Sudan , Tanzania , Togo , Uganda , Zambia , Zaïre and Zimbabwe .
Habitat
Lowland and medium altitude woodland , bushland and dry forests .
Taxonomy
The genus name of Ruspolia is in honour of Eugenio Ruspoli ( 1866–1893 ) , an Italian explorer and naturalist . It was first described and published in H.G.A.Engler & K.A.E.Prantl , Nat . Pflanzenfam . Vol.4 ( Issue 3b ) on page 354 in 1895 . The genus was recognized on 23 January 2009 , by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Agricultural Research Service , but they do not list any known species .
Known species
According to Kew :
GRIN accepts just Ruspolia hypocrateriformis and Ruspolia seticalyx . Other sources claim that there are up to 6 species Flora of Zimbabwe notes 5 species in Africa and Madagascar , ( 3 within Zimbabwe : Ruspolia australis , Ruspolia decurrens and Ruspolia seticalyx ) .
Ruspolia hypocrateriformis ( or 'Red Ruspolia ' ) , is used as a garden shrub in South Africa and Namibia .
References
Other sources
Daniel Oliver , Flora of Tropical Africa , Volume 5 , L. Reeve and Company , 1900
Acanthaceae
Acanthaceae genera
Plants described in 1895
Flora of West Tropical Africa
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Flora of Northeast Tropical Africa
Flora of East Tropical Africa
Flora of South Tropical Africa
Flora of KwaZulu-Natal
Flora of the Northern Provinces
Flora of Madagascar
Voight is a variant of the German surname Vogt .
People
Notable people with the surname include :
Barry Voight ( born 1937 ) , American geologist
Charles Voight ( 1887–1947 ) , American cartoonist
Dutch Voight ( 1888–1986 ) , American gangster
Hank Voight , fictional character in the TV series Chicago P.D .
Jack Voight ( born 1945 ) , former State Treasurer of Wisconsin
Jon Voight ( born 1938 ) , American actor
Robert G. Voight ( 1921–2008 ) , American academic
James Haven ( born 1973 ) , American actor and producer born James Haven Voight ; son of Jon Voight
Angelina Jolie ( born 1975 ) , American actress and director born Angelina Jolie Voight ; daughter of Jon Voight
Chip Taylor ( born 1940 ) , American songwriter born James Wesley Voight
Characters
Hank Voight , a fictional character from Chicago P.D .
Janelle Voight , a fictional character from Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , John Connor 's foster mother and T-1000 alterego
Todd Voight , a fictional character from Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , John Connor 's foster father
See also
Voigt
Vogt
Vogt ( surname )
Voet ( surname )
Voigt pipe
Voight-Kampff machine
Voight-Kampff test
German-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Ljevaja is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 115 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
is an autobahn connecting the cities of Cologne and Bonn . It was constructed between 1929 and 1932 , and opened to traffic on 6 August 1932 .
Because it was the first public road that was limited to motorized vehicles and had no level crossings , it is commonly regarded as the oldest German Autobahn , even though it was only a country road at first and was n't officially awarded Autobahn status until 1958 . Until it was extended to six lanes between 1964 and 1966 , there was no central barrier .
Except for deceleration at each end , the A 555 did not have a speed limit , resulting in about 15 km of mostly straight three-lane-road on flat terrain , enabling motorists to drive their vehicles at top speed . Especially at night , speeds in excess of 200 km/h were not unusual . In 2004 , however , a speed limit was introduced around Wesseling for reasons of noise reduction , effectively cutting the area for legal speeding in half .
In Cologne , the A 555 spur has the by-name `` Diplomatenrennbahn '' ( Diplomat race track ) , seemingly because foreign diplomats and state visitors liked to take a spin from Bonn to Cologne and back when Bonn still was the seat of government of West Germany . Bonn locals , however , use that term for the B 9 where diplomats regularly sped under protection of diplomatic immunity .
Exit list
| }
External links
555
A555
Carlton is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw . The ward elects 3 councillors to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system , with each councillor serving a four-year term in office . The number of registered voters in the ward is 4,439 as of 2019 .
It consists of the village of Carlton in Lindrick and the hamlet of Wallingwells .
The ward was created in 2002 following a review of electoral boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Boundary Committee for England .
Councillors
The ward elects 3 councillors every four years . Prior to 2015 , Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place .
Elections
2019
2015
2014
2012
2011
2010
2008
2007
2006
2004
2003
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
Charles Chabot ( baptised 19 March 1815 – 15 October 1882 ) was an English graphologist who , as part of the firm of Netherclift , Chabot and Matheson , was an early practitioner of questioned document examination .
Chabot was born Battersea , the son of Charles , a lithographer , and Amy née Pearson , a couple of Huguenot descent .
Beginning as a lithographer , he developed as an expert in handwriting and became sought after as an expert witness in a variety of famous trials including the Roupell case and the Tichborne Case .
In 1871 , Chabot became involved in establishing the identity of Junius and concluded that he was Sir Philip Francis .
Chabot married Sarah née Nichols in 1842 and the couple parented at least one son , Charles . Chabot died at home in London . and was buried at the South Metropolitan Cemetery at West Norwood
Notes
Bibliography
Obituaries :
The Times , 17 Oct 1882
Illustrated London News , 25 Nov 1882 , 549
1815 births
1882 deaths
Graphologists
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
Felimare orsinii is a species of colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch in the family Chromodorididae .
Distribution
This nudibranch is found in the Western Mediterranean Sea . Animals from the Eastern Mediterranean apparently lack the yellow colour in the submarginal line , but are considered to be the same species .
Description
Felimare orsinii is one of a group of Felimare species from the Mediterranean Sea which are all quite similar . This species can be distinguished from the others by the entirely blue gills and rhinophores and the small raised tubercles on the back . There is a single median white line which is slightly edged with blue and a line at the edge of the mantle which is white except at the sides where it grades into yellow . The body reaches a length of 20 mm . This species eats the sponge Scalarispongia scalaris . Previously known as Hypselodoris orsinii all Atlantic species of Hypselodoris were shown to belong to a separate clade and were transferred to the genus Felimare in 2012 .
Gallery
References
External links
Chromodorididae
Gastropods described in 1846
Orhangi River ( ) is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the centre and flows into the Lyari River towards the Arabian Sea .
References
Rivers of Karachi
Akçabey is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 96 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Gali Janardhana Reddy ( born 11 January 1967 ) is an Indian industrialist and politician affiliated with the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Born
Reddy was born on 11 January 1967 . He has two brothers , G. Karunakara Reddy and G. Somashekara Reddy , and an elder sister , Rajeswari . He and his siblings were born in Bellary , Karnataka to Rukminamma and Chenga Reddy , a police constable .
Education
Janardhana Reddy has a pre-university college education
Career
Reddy is an entrepreneur and a politician and a company of gold .
As an Entrepreneur
At the age of 21 , Reddy established a residuary non-banking finance company called , Ennoble India Savings & Investment Company Limited , under the RBI in 1989 . Across South India , the company had a total of 125 branches with a turnover of 350 crores . While the company was still functioning , it has stopped collecting deposits from 2003 . He surrendered the Certificate of Registration to the RBI once all the money was returned with interest to depositors . Reddy was the first person from the non-banking sector in India to obtain an appreciation letter from the RBI .
In 2001 , he took over Obulapuram Mining Company ( OMCPL ) which had an iron-ore mining lease . The lease area contained large quantities of iron-ore lines although there was no market for these at the time . His dissenters assumed that acquiring OMCPL would be his downfall but the steady increases in iron-ore prices due to China 's construction boom proved the opposite .
Allegedly , his political clout helped him to get the iron-ore mining license in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh in 2004 . He established the Bramhani Industries , a steel manufacturing unit , in the Kadapa district and gave employment to 10,000+ people .
As a politician
Reddy came into political spotlight during the 1999 Lok Sabha elections when the Reddy brothers were working as part of Sushma Swaraj 's campaign . At the time , Swaraj had been competing as a Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) candidate in Bellary against Sonia Gandhi , who belonged to the Indian National Congress , to become the MP . Although Swaraj was unsuccessful , she remained a patron of the Reddy 's and was known to visit Bellary frequently . After the Reddy brothers were charged during the mining scandal , Swaraj distanced herself from them . The allegations against Reddy brought a bad reputation for the BJP in Karnataka and exposed opportunistic politics in the state .
In 2006 , due to the BJP - Janta Dal ( Secular ) ( JDS ) coalition government and the efforts of Reddy , B. Sriramulu was made a Cabinet Minister . In 2006 , Reddy was made a Member of the Legislative Council to recognize his active role in increasing the BJP presence in Bellary . However , in later years , Reddy fought with Chief Minister H. D. Kumaraswamy , and made allegations , and provided evidence of corruption , resulting in his suspension .
However , H. D. Kumaraswamy did not hand over the government to B. S. Yeddyurappa at the required time . The State President of the party at the time , D. V. Sadananda Gowda and B. S. Yeddyurappa revoked Reddy 's suspension who then campaigned alongside Yeddyurappa for BJP during the Assembly Elections of 2008 . Aided by Reddy 's efforts , BJP emerged as the single largest party with 110 seats and with the support of 5 independent MLA 's , BJP formed a government in South India for the first time on its own .
Reddy was then inducted as the Minister for Tourism and Infrastructure and the Minister in-charge of the Bellary district , setting many developmental milestones for the state and for Bellary during this period . In spite of allegations made against Reddy and his period of judicial custody , Reddy remains a popular politician which was witnessed by the state on 29 January 2017 when Reddy received a standing ovation from a large crowd at the HemaVema function in the palace ground in Bangalore . Reddy did not contest in the Karnataka assembly polls in 2018 ; however , his brothers , Sriramulu and four other candidates close to Reddy received a BJP ticket .
Social service
Reddy runs a school for mentally retarded children since 1997 and an old age home from 2004 with his own funds ..
Controversies
Over the years , Reddy has been involved in many controversies .
Operation Kamala
Illegal Mining
In July 2011 , the Lokayukta of Karnataka , Santosh Hegde , published a report on the illegal mining activities in the Bellary region . Reddy was accused of completely rigging iron ore mining in this area and defrauding the government . Directorate General of Income Tax Investigation officials had clues to tax evasion and found that Reddy had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with a one-dollar company in Singapore to camouflage the company 's income suppression . They raided the place along with other investigative agencies and formed a report which served as the basis of the report on illegal mining . Reddy is said to have designed a `` Zero-Risk system '' of iron ore mining , where he seamlessly provided protection to unauthorized and unaccounted mining , with active connivance from government officials at all levels . The rule of the iron ore mafia under his command was called the `` Republic of Bellary '' in which no external control or governance mechanism had any effect .
Bribery
The CBI is investigating the alleged bribing of the Hyderabad Special Court judge T. Pattabhirama Rao by Reddy 's family members ( G.Somashekar Reddy & H.Suresh Babu ) in order to secure his bail in the Obulapuram Mining Company case . Further investigations by CBI implicated others , including a retired judge T.V . Chalapathi Rao , in the `` Cash for Bail '' scandal . The IT department issued notices and Reddy provided an explanation to the department but these explanations were rejected by the CIT Appeals . He preferred to appeal in all the matters before the Hon'ble ITAT and the Hon'ble Tribunal has allowed all appeals in his favour by dismissing the stand taken by the IT department .
Daughter 's Wedding
Reddy was criticised over the lavish wedding of his daughter , Brahmani , which was held in Palace Grounds , Bangalore . He allegedly spent 500 crores ( $ 71 million ) for his daughter 's wedding . Brahmani married a 23-year-old MBA graduate who hails from a family operating gold mines in South Africa , Tanzania and a granite marble businesses in Turkey .
Arrest
Reddy was arrested on 5 September 2011 by the CBI , and taken to Hyderabad , Telangana . He is accused of involvement in illegal mining of iron ore in Bellary in Karnataka and Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh . This investigation is the culmination of a recommendation to the Income Tax Department and CBI by the former Andhra Pradesh chief minister K. Rosaiah and is not directly related to the findings of Karnataka Lokayukta Santosh Hegde . Once the CBI Court heard the lawyers ' representations , he along with his brother-in-law , B. V. Srinivas Reddy , was remanded to judicial custody and sent to Chanchalguda Central Jail . The CBI also arrested senior officers of the IAS and IRS during ongoing investigations . On 4 August 2012 , a CBI court extended the judicial custody of Janardhana Reddy and four others arrested in the illegal mining case until 7 September . On 21 January 2015 , the Supreme Court granted his bail . The Supreme court agrees to hear Janardhana Reddy 's appeal to visit Ballari - May 2021 On 24 May 2021 .
References
External links
G. Janardhana Reddy at the Karnataka Legislative Assembly website
Photo of Janardhana Reddy in NYT slideshow
1967 births
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Karnataka
BSR Congress politicians
Illegal mining in India
Indian fraudsters
Prisoners and detainees of India
Living people
People from Bellary
Members of the Karnataka Legislative Council
People charged with corruption
The artillery miniature range or Nutt range was invented by Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Charles Rothery Nutt DSO as a method of training for the Royal Artillery . Nutt invented his range as a prisoner of war . In his book , History of the Royal Regiment of Artillery : Between the wars , 1919–39 , Sir Martin Farndale writes about the Nutt Range ' .. whose whirring and complicated machinery reproduced exactly the result of the fire orders given in the form of tiny puffs of cigarette smoke or shrapnel air-bursts of cotton wool let down on strings ' .
It is known that a Nutt Range was installed at Okehampton Artillery Camp , but was removed some time between 1924 and 1933 . Okehampton also had a similar Newton range , housed in a building , demolished in 1939 .
References
Further reading
Artillery operation
Causeway GAA is a hurling team in Ireland .
Honours
Kerry Senior Hurling Championship ( 9 ) : 1932 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1987 , 1998 , 2019 , 2022
Kerry Intermediate Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 2021
Kerry Junior Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 2021
Kerry Minor Hurling Championship ( 2 ) 1968 , 1977
Kerry Under-21 hurling championship ( 4 ) 1979 , 2014 . 2015 , 2017
North Kerry Senior Hurling Championship ( 3 ) 1988 , 2003 , 2010
County Championship Winning captains
1932 : Neilus Flynn
1979 : Roger Hussey
1980 : Roy Dineen
1981 : Maurice Leahy
1982 : Gerald O'Grady
1987 : Anthony O'Connor
1998 : Maurice O'Carroll
2019 : Muiris Delaney
Notable players
Maurice Leahy
Keith Carmody
John Mike Dooley
Neilus Flynn
David Clifford
Paudie Clifford
Colm Cooper
References
External links
Official Causeway GAA Club website
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Kerry
Hurling clubs in County Kerry
Sruthi Jose ( born September 8 , 1990 ) , better known by her screen name Sruthi Lakshmi , is an Indian actress acting mainly in Malayalam films and television serials . She is also a trained classical dancer . She received a Kerala state television award for best actress in 2016 for teleserial Pokkuveyil .
Personal life
Sruthi Jose with the screen name Sruthi Lakshmi is born on 8 September 1990 to Jose and cine actress Lissy Jose at Kannur . Her father is from Kannur and mother is from Wayanad.She has an elder sister Sreelaya . She is a practicing Knanaya catholic . After completing her +2 in Science from GHSS Sreekandapuram she went to pursue graduation from Mar Ivanios College , Trivandrum . She is a trained classical dancer . Her elder sister Sreelaya acted in films Kutteem Kolum ( 2013 ) , Maanikyam ( 2015 ) , Compartment ( 2015 ) and serials Krishnakripasagaram on Amrita TV , Kanmani , Thenum Vayambum on Surya TV , Bhagyadevatha on Mazhavil Manorama , Moonumani on Flowers TV , Priyappettaval on Mazhavil Manorama . Currently they are settled at Kakkanad , Kochi . Sruthi married Dr. Avin Anto on 2 January 2016 . Shruthi and her sister played lead roles in Surya TV serial Thenum Vayambum from 2018 to 2019 .
Career
Sruthi Lakshmi started her career as a child artist in the television serial Nizhalukal , written by Ranjith Sankar and telecasted in Asianet in 2000 . She has also acted in television serials like Nakshathrangal , Detective Anand etc . She made her film debut by playing the character of Bhama , as one of the three heroines , in the film Romeoo opposite Dileep . She has acted in few albums and attended in popular talk shows like Nammal Thammil ( Asianet ) , Youth Club ( Asianet ) , Sreekandannair Show ( Surya TV ) etc . She participated in a popular reality show STAR CHALLENGE on Flowers TV .
Filmography
Films
Television series
Television shows
References
External links
Sruthi Lakshmi biography - Popcorn OneIndia
Sruthi Lakshmi biography - Metromatinee
Sruthi Lakshmi biography - Celebrity World
1986 births
Living people
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses from Kannur
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Malayalam television
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Child actresses in Malayalam cinema
Indian film actresses
Indian television actresses
Kerala State Television Award winners
Actresses in Tamil television
The Bolshoy Uzen ( ) or Ulken Uzen ( Úlken Ózen or ) is a river in Saratov Oblast of Russia and West Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan . It is long , with a drainage basin of .
The Bolshoy Uzen has its sources on the western edge of the Obshchy Syrt highlands of Russia , and flows in a generally southerly direction over the steppes of the Caspian Depression . It terminates in West-Kazakhstan , in a network of small lakes and swamps called the Kamysh-Samarskiye Lakes . The Bolshoy Uzen runs parallel to the Maly Uzen River , some further west .
Most of the river 's waters comes from snowmelt , so the river 's flow peaks in April , while in the summer parts of the river will dry up completely . At Novouzensk the discharge varies from . The river freezes over in December and stays icebound to the end of March or the beginning of April .
The town of Novouzensk is situated at the Bolshoy Uzen . The river is used for water supply and irrigation .
References
Rivers of Saratov Oblast
Rivers of Kazakhstan
William Wadsworth may refer to :
William Wadsworth ( patriarch ) ( 1594–1675 ) , First Townsman and founder of Hartford , Connecticut
William Wadsworth ( officer ) ( 1765– ; 1833 ) , Brigadier General in the New York State militia , before and during the War of 1812
William H. Wadsworth ( 1821–1893 ) , U.S. Representative from Kentucky
William Wadsworth ( cricketer ) ( 1823–1891 ) , English cricketer
William Wadsworth ( actor ) ( 1874–1950 ) , American silent film actor
William Wadsworth ( rower ) ( 1875–1971 ) , Canadian rower who won a silver medal at the 1904 Summer Olympics
William J. Wadsworth ( died 1949 ) , municipal politician in Toronto , Canada
William Wadsworth ( poet ) ( born 1950 ) , American poet
Aleksei Aleksandrovich Bobrov ( ; born 27 March 1972 ) is a former Russian professional footballer .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for PFC CSKA-2 Moscow .
Honours
Russian Cup finalist : 1994 .
References
1972 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Lada-Tolyatti players
FC Rostov players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
FC Mordovia Saransk players
FC Luch Vladivostok players
Russian Premier League players
Turkish mafia ( ) is the general term for criminal organizations based in Turkey and/or composed of ( former ) Turkish citizens . Crime groups with origins in Turkey are active throughout Western Europe ( where a strong Turkish immigrant community exists ) and less so in the Middle East . Turkish criminal groups participate in a wide range of criminal activities , internationally the most important being drug trafficking , especially heroin . In the trafficking of heroin they cooperate with Bulgarian mafia groups who transport the heroin further to countries such as Italy . Recently however , Turkish mafia groups have also stepped up in the cocaine trafficking world by directly participating in the massive cocaine smuggling pipeline that runs transnationally from South America to Europe . They allegedly have a lucrative partnership with the Venezuelan drug-trafficking organization known as the Cartel of the Suns who ships them cocaine along with criminal elements from Ecuador . Turkish organized crime has pushed into less traditional cocaine markets as well such as into Eastern Europe , the Caucasus and the wealthy petro-states of the Persian Gulf . Cosa Nostra and the Turkish Mafia are also known to be extremely close . Criminal activities such as the trafficking of other types of drugs , illegal gambling , human trafficking , prostitution or extortion are committed in Turkey itself as well as European countries with a sizeable Turkish community such as Germany , Netherlands , Belgium , Albania and the United Kingdom .
Most Turkish crime syndicates have their origin in two regions : the Trabzon province on the Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey and the East and Southeast Anatolia in the south of the country . The biggest origin is on the coast of the Black Sea , located near Trabzon .
History
The Turkish Mafia was involved in the weapons trade in the 1970s , and the heroin trade in the 1980s to present , and then moved along into human smuggling .
Bekir Çelenk was one of the members of the Turkish mafia and was involved in the plot to assassinate pope John Paul II .
Ties to deep state
Some members of the Turkish mafia have ties to the deep state in Turkey , including the National Intelligence Organization ( MIT ) , as well as the Grey Wolves . These ties became public during the Susurluk scandal .
Crime groups
Criminal groups composed of Turks are active throughout the country and in communities with a large ethnically Turkish population . Certain Turkish criminal groups have strong links with corrupt politicians and corrupt members of the local law enforcement . They are active in different sections of organized crime and can often be linked to politically motivated groups , such as the Grey Wolves . This can especially be the case with criminals in immigrant Turkish communities . Powerful and important Turkish criminal organizations mostly have their origin in the Trabzon Province and incorporate members of both the Turkish and the Laz populations .
Eastern Black Sea crime groups
Even though crime groups composed of Turks come from all over the country , a relatively high amount of them have origins in the Black Sea region of Turkey , especially in Trabzon . These groups consisting of Turks and Laz people are especially strong in the country itself . Eastern Black Sea crime bosses such as Alaattin Çakıcı and Cengiz Telci are known from having links to or being members of the politically motivated group Grey Wolves .
Turkish Cypriot crime groups
Following the substantial immigration of Turkish Cypriots to London criminal gangs composed of Turkish Cypriots were formed in working-class neighborhoods . Mainly involved in drug trafficking , armed robbery , money laundering these crime clans have more in common with the traditional White British crime firms than with the Turkish mafia .
Kurdish crime groups
Some ethnically Kurdish crime groups have their origin in the Southeast Anatolia part of Turkey . These groups are believed largely clan based and their main source of income is allegedly believed to be the trafficking of heroin and weapons . Some group of those leaders , such as Hüseyin Baybaşin had been active in Western European countries , especially Great Britain . Some Turkish sources have accused them to have links to the PKK , but never confirmed by authorities .
Zaza crime families in wider Europe
While ethnically Zaza groups are not noteworthy in Turkey itself , large Alevi Zaza immigrant communities have formed in Great Britain and Germany . Criminal gangs from these communities have links with other Turkish and Kurdish crime bosses and are involved in drug trafficking and contract killing . An example in London is the brutal turf war between Turkish gangs , such as the so-called Tottenham Boys and the Hackney Turks . The Tottenham Boys and Hackney Turks are mainly ethnic Kurdish gangs , but they also have some Turkish members .
Notable Turkish mafiosi
Arif family
Alaattin Çakıcı
Ayvaz Korkmaz
Sedat Peker
Mahmut Yıldırım
Nurullah Tevfik Ağansoy
Dündar Kılıç
Nedim Imac
See also
Turkish organised crime in Great Britain
Turkish mafia in Germany
Susurluk scandal
Allegations of Grey Wolves drug trafficking
References
Mafia
Organized crime by ethnic or national origin
Transnational organized crime
Organised crime groups in Australia
Asian-Australian culture
European-Australian culture
Organised crime groups in Belgium
Organised crime groups in England
Organised crime gangs of London
Organized crime groups in France
Organised crime groups in Germany
Organised crime groups in the Netherlands
Organized crime groups in Turkey
Organized crime groups in Sweden
Parliamentary elections were held in Algeria on 4 May 2017 to elect all 462 members of the People 's National Assembly . The ruling National Liberation Front lost 44 seats , but remained the largest party in the People 's National Assembly with 164 members .
Electoral system
The 462 members of the People 's National Assembly are elected by proportional representation from 48 multi-member constituencies based on the provinces . Seats are allocated using the largest remainder method .
Campaign
Candidates began campaigning on 9 April 2017 .
Parties boycotting the elections included Talaie El-Houriat and Jil Jadid , whilst the Union of Democratic and Social Forces was not authorised .
Results
References
Algeria
2017 in Algeria
Elections in Algeria
May 2017 events in Africa
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Llanllibio is a hamlet in the community of Bodedern , Ynys Môn , Wales , named after Saint Llibio which is 138.5 miles ( 222.9 km ) from Cardiff and 223 miles ( 358.9 km ) from London . St Llibio 's Church , Llanllibio is now demolished .
Madam Wen the romantic character in the 17th century novels of William David Owen , was born in the parish in 1874 .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Andrew Keenan-Bolger is an American actor . He is best known for originating the roles of Crutchie in Newsies , and Jesse Tuck in Tuck Everlasting on Broadway . His other Broadway credits include Robertson Ay in Mary Poppins , Jojo in Seussical , Chip in Beauty and the Beast and Young Scrooge in A Christmas Carol .
In 2010 , Keenan-Bolger co-created the web series Submissions Only with Kate Wetherhead . He serves as the series ' director and editor . He has also directed two short films , Sign and The Ceiling Fan .
Early life and education
A Detroit native , Keenan-Bolger is the brother of Celia Keenan-Bolger and Maggie Keenan-Bolger . He graduated from Renaissance High School and the University of Michigan , where he received with a Bachelor of Fine Arts , in musical theatre , in 2007 .
Career
As a teenager , Keenan-Bolger was in the original 2000 cast of Seussical on Broadway , as an alternate Jojo . He has also appeared on Broadway in Beauty and the Beast as Chip , and A Christmas Carol as Young Scrooge . The actor was featured in the first national tours of The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee as Leaf Coneybear , Ragtime as the Little Boy , and How the Grinch Stole Christmas as Young Max . Other theater credits include High School Musical on Stage ! at North Shore Music Theatre and Perez Hilton Saves the Universe at the 2008 Fringe Festival .
He has also been seen on television as Christophe on the series The Naked Brothers Band and as a weekly commentator on FNMTV on MTV . His film credits include Beauty and the Beast : The Enchanted Christmas and Marci X .
Keenan-Bolger created a video blog to promote North Shore Music Theatre 's production of High School Musical in which he starred . Keenan-Bolger was a regular on fellow web series `` The Battery 's Down '' . He is noted for his performance of the song 'You 're in Vegas ' which is available for download on iTunes .
In 2010 , Keenan-Bolger co-created the web series Submissions Only with fellow Broadway performer Kate Wetherhead . He serves as the series ' director and editor .
On October 12 , 2010 , he took over the role of Robertson Ay in the Broadway production of Disney 's Mary Poppins and later played the part on the National tour . He created the role of Omar in the 5th Avenue Theater production of Disney 's Aladdin ( July 2011 ) and played Crutchie in Disney 's Newsies ( March 2012 ) , a role he originally created at the Paper Mill Playhouse ( September 2011 ) . His last performance date as Crutchie was on March 11 , 2013 , so he could begin rehearsal for his role in the musical adaptation of Tuck Everlasting . He was supposed to star as Jesse Tuck , with performances beginning on July 28 , 2013 , at Boston 's Colonial Theatre , but the show was delayed due to the lack of availability of a suitable theatre for its subsequent transfer to New York . He next performed in A.R . Gurney 's drama Family Furniture , which ran from November 12 to December 22 , 2013 , at The Flea Theater in the TriBeCa section of New York City . He played the part of Billy Frazier in the 2014 romantic comedy film The Rewrite , starring Hugh Grant and Marisa Tomei .
He revisited the role of Jesse Tuck in the Broadway production of Tuck Everlasting which opened on April 26 , 2016 , and ran until May 29 , 2016 .
On May 23 , 2017 , Bolger revisited his role of Crutchie in the Newsies Musical Film .
Personal life
Keenan-Bolger married Scott Bixby , a national reporter for The Daily Beast , on October 13 , 2018 .
Filmography
Film and television
Broadway and Off-Broadway
Tour
Regional and other theatre
Concerts
Web
Scripted podcasts
Bibliography
Jack and Louisa : Act 1 ( w/ Kate Wetherhead ) , 2015
Jack and Louisa : Act 2 ( w/ Kate Wetherhead ) , 2016
Jack and Louisa : Act 3 ( w/ Kate Wetherhead ) , 2017
Awards and nominations
References
External links
( archive )
Webseries Submissions Only on YouTube
American male musical theatre actors
University of Michigan School of Music , Theatre & Dance alumni
Male actors from Detroit
Living people
American gay actors
LGBT people from Michigan
Renaissance High School alumni
21st-century LGBT people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The issue of environmentalism in motorsport surrounds the whole of auto racing to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions contributing to global warming .
Initial reception
The first series to respond to the call to make motorsport more environmentally friendly was the International Formula Master series , who planned to use a petrol–electric hybrid and regenerative braking systems in their cars for the 2007 season . A month later the series announces that it will not use the hybrid system for the 2007 season and instead opt for regular fuel . Meanwhile , Audi 's diesel-powered R10 had won the American Le Mans Series by a margin of almost 100 points from their nearest rivals . In the United Kingdom , British Touring Car Championship team West Surrey Racing ( WSR ) ran Rob Collard and Colin Turkington in Ethanol fueled MG ZSs .
New championships
Formula E
In 2012 , the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) announced that they would be the governing body for a new fully electric single seater championship . The series would be known as the FIA Formula E Championship and began in September 2014 . In 2018 , the second generation of Formula E cars was used for the first time , at the start of the 2018–19 Formula E season . The series is participated in by multiple manufacturers , including Jaguar , Audi , Nissan , BMW and Mahindra .
Extreme E
Extreme E is an international off-road racing series with environmentalism at its forefront . The series sees drivers race the all electric SUV Spark Odyssey 21 in remote locations specifically chosen to highlight climate change , while adopting legacy projects that provide environmental and social support . To reduce the carbon emissions associated with air freight , the RMS St Helena was purchased and refitted , enabling her to transport all equipment and cars to each location . Additionally , the St Helena houses a laboratory , allowing for climate science research to be conducted en route .
Actions taken in other series
Formula One
Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , took until May 2007 to act upon the issue of environmental effects the sport was responsible for by holding a discussion in Monaco during the Grand Prix . The Honda Works Team however , announced that they would run a sponsorless car for the 2007 season three months prior to the FIA 's Monaco discussion . The Honda RA107 took on a livery that depicts the Earth , symbolizing Honda 's environmental desires , with only the logos of Type R Honda ' H ' and the Bridgestone logo .
The car mostly received a cynical reception , Red Bull Racing 's Mark Webber observed that `` it 's good Honda is going green - but there are still 35 private jets parked 20 Kilometres down the road . '' Briggs commented that `` Honda 's 'Earth Car ' may have attracted cynicism , but the issues it highlights are moving up motorsport 's agenda . ''
In 2013 , the FIA made plans to switch from V8 engines to turbo charged V6 engines , after the previous downgrade from V10 engines to V8 engines in 2006 .
In 2009 , the sport introduced kinetic energy recovery . Following a brief ban , these systems were reintroduced in 2011 , these technical regulations were further revised for 2014 ( see above ) .
North American motorsport
IndyCar was the first major open wheel series to reduce its green house gases by changing its fuel supply from methanol to more environmentally friendly ethanol fuel for the 2007 season .
Sportscar racing
Both the Le Mans Series and American Le Mans Series have made some effort to be more environmentally friendly . Both Audi and Peugeot have made diesel race cars , the R10 TDI and 908 HDi FAP respectively , for their series . Both also competed in the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans where both cars competed for the win which resulted in the German manufacturer coming out on top .
In the British GT Championship , a diesel-powered Aston Martin DBRS9 made series history by winning at the Snetterton round .
Since 2011 ( Audi and Toyota in 2012 , Porsche in 2014 , then by Nissan at Le Mans in 2014 ) , the top class of sports car racing , LMP1 , has seen hybrid powertrains .
In 2012 , Drayson Racing introduced the Lola B12 69/E : a modified a Lola prototype chassis , and set a world record for electric cars in 2013 .
In 2019 , ACO has announced Mission H24 to bring hydrogen-powered racing car to 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2024 .
The Volkswagen I.D . R has set various records from 2018 to 2020 .
Touring car and European open wheel racing
As well as WSR 's efforts , Paul O'Neill also entered a privateer entry in the BTCC , racing a bioethanol-powered Vauxhall Astra at the Brands Hatch meeting of the 2006 season . Soon , environmentally friendly entrants span to the World Championship stage with Alfa Romeo unveiling a diesel-powered entry for the 2007 season , which would make them the first manufacturer to enter a diesel-powered car in the World Championship . In April 2007 , Swede Robert Dahlgren won the opening round of the Swedish Touring Car Championship in a bioethanol-powered Volvo S60 .
European open wheel championships also made efforts to go greener , the British Formula Ford championship considered changing to bioethanol fuel for the 2007 season in December 2006 although three months later the series moved the plans to the 2008 season . In July 2007 , the World Series by Renault became the first major European open wheel series to announce a move to biofuel , the new car will be used for the 2008 season .
See also
KERS
Formula Zero
FIA Formula E Championship
TT Zero
TTXGP
FIM MotoE
References
Season 3 of Dance Plus started on 1 July 2017 on STAR Plus and produced by Urban Brew Studios . Winner was Bir Radha Sherpa , from team Punit . Other three contestants from Top four were from Dharmesh 's team , a new record for the finalists . Amardeep Singh Natt became the first runner-up , Aryan Patra became the second runner-up and Shivani and Tarun were the third runner-up . All the finalists won the hearts of public with their entertaining and excellent performances . Overall , Team Dharmesh has two winners from season one and two , Team Punit has one and Shakti Mohan has none . Show is acclaimed and very popular due to creative format and uniqueness .
Super judge
Remo D'Souza is the super judge for this season also . He is a well known and reputed choreographer and film director . He directed movies like F.A.L.T.U. , Any Body Can Dance ( ABCD and ABCD 2 ) , A Flying Jatt and Race 3 . He was also judged on Jhalak Dikhla Ja and Dance India Dance ( seasons 1 , 2 and 3 ) .
Captains
There are three captains on the show .
Dharmesh Yelande
Shakti Mohan
Punit Pathak
Each mentor has their own team consisting of contestants selected in auditions . There will be one final winner at the end of the show .
Urban Brew Studios produces the first , second and third seasons of Dance+ on STAR Plus .
Scoring
Each captain will give a challenge to one artist each from the other two teams . The challenges are :
Theme round
Prop round
Best foot forward
The captain who gave the challenge can score out of five and the super judge can score out of ten . The super judge can also give five additional points .
The fourth round is the international squad challenge in which one member of each team has to match the level of dancing of the international dancer . This round is also scored out of ten by the super judge and he can give an additional five points .
Based on the scores of these rounds , two teams go to the final showdown . The fourth artist from each team performs and the super judge chooses the winner . The winning team 's captain nominates two artists from his or her team to go forward and the super judge chooses the artist who will go to top eight .
Top twelve artists
International squad challenge
In Dance plus season 3 , D'Souza added a new challenge for dancers . Here he will invite an international dance artist every week .
Top eight artists
Top four artists
Special guests
See also
List of dance style categories
Dance Plus
Dance Plus ( season 2 )
References
2017 Indian television seasons
Yusefabad-e Khaleseh ( , also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Khāleṣeh ; also known as Yūsefābād , Yūsofābād , and Yūsufābād ) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 10 families .
References
Populated places in Varamin County
I Think I See Myself On CCTV is the fifth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme , but the first to be released by the London version of the band working under an alternative band name Disciplin A Kitschme . The album was released by the Tom Tom Music for former Yugoslavia and Babaroga records for the United Kingdom , the latter label was founded by the band themselves , and all the UK albums were released through the label . Most of the material on the album featured rerecorded versions of Disciplina Kičme songs , featuring lyrics in English language .
Track listing
All tracks written by Black Tooth and arranged by Disciplin A Kitschme .
Personnel
The band
Black Tooth ( Dušan Kojić ) — bass , vocals [ shouting ] , producer , mixed by , written by , artwork by [ design ] ( as Koya )
Gofie Bebe — vocals , percussion
Beat ( Pete Warren ) — drums
Additional personnel
Winnetou — castanets
DJ Illusion Excluder — mixed by ( tracks : 1 , 5 , 8 , 9 )
Johan Tamashi — photography
Andreya — photography
Leo — photography
Emina — photography
Dan ( Dan Swift ) — recorded by
Shaun ( Shaun Harvey ) — recorded by , mixed by
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006 , Janjatović Petar ;
I Think I See Myself On CCTV at Discogs
1996 albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
The 2010 Men 's Australian Hockey League was the 20th edition of the men 's field hockey tournament . The finals week of the tournament was held in the Queensland city of Brisbane .
The WA Thundersticks won the gold medal for the ninth time by defeating the NSW Waratahs 4–3 in the final .
Competition Format
The format included five round-matches over two weekends and a finals week that consisted of two round-matches and three pool matches for a place in the final .
After all the round matches were complete the teams were ranked 1–8 depending on the total number of points earned in all their round matches .
The teams ranked 1 , 4 , 6 & 8 progressed to Pool A , while teams ranked 2 , 3 , 5 & 7 progressed to Pool B . All previously earned points were removed with the teams in each pool playing each other once more . At the completion of the pool matches , the top team from each pool advanced to the League Final .
Teams
Canberra Lakers
Southern Hotshots
NSW Waratahs
Tassie Tigers
NT Stingers
VIC Vikings
QLD Blades
WA Thundersticks
Results
Preliminary round
Fixtures
Classification round
Pool matches
Pool A
Pool B
Classification matches
Seventh and eighth place
Fifth and sixth place
Third and fourth place
Final
Statistics
Final standings
Goalscorers
References
External links
2010
2010 in Australian men 's field hockey
Chernyshevskaya ( ) is a station on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro , opened on September 1 , 1958 . It is a deep underground pylon station at depth with a short central hall . The station is named after Chernyshevsky Prospekt , which is in turn named after Russian materialist philosopher and writer Nikolai Chernyshevsky . This station was part of the second stretch of the Saint Petersburg Metro built . While construction was about to start , a rule was created that no more stations should be ornately decorated , such as the stations between Avtovo and Ploshchad Vosstaniya ( the first stretch built ) .
External links
Saint Petersburg Metro stations
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1958
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Play Boy Blues is a manga by Shiuko Kano . It was licensed in English by Central Park Media , which published the first volume under its Be Beautiful imprint on August 2 , 2006 . In Spain , Ediciones La Cúpula published the first volume in 2005 .
Reception
Kat Avila , writing for Sequential Tart , enjoyed Kano 's `` inventive '' layouts and noted that Kano was developing her style throughout the book , and enjoyed the `` refreshingly forceful masculine energy '' of the lead characters and the playful plotline . Julie Rosato , for Mania Entertainment , felt that the characters were n't emotionally connected to each other and that she could not connect to the characters , as she felt the plot was largely `` yeah , yeah , just skip to the sex '' .
References
External links
2003 manga
Yaoi anime and manga
Anime 18
Alexandre ( Alex-Andre ) Magno is a Brazilian born choreographer and director . His dance styles include hip-hop , jazz , ballet , samba , flamenco , tango , salsa , and martial arts . He has performed with Madonna , Yanni , Britney Spears , the Lido La Tourné , Ballet Hispanico , the Ringling Brothers Circus , and the Academy Awards . He also works with his own dance company , “ Personna Dance Theatre '' .
Choreography
1993 - 2006
In 1993 Magno was choreographer for Madonna on her world tour and HBO special The Girlie Show , for which his work was highly praised in Daily Variety .
In 2001 , Madonna worked with Magno again on her Drowned World Tour , adding tango , salsa , flamenco , karate , kung fu , Samurai sword work , a contortionist , and a traditional Javanese dancer . He was nominated for an Emmy award and an American Choreography Award for the tour .
Following Madonna 's tour , Magno began working for the male pop group Plus One on their 2002 Obvious tour .
In 2002 , Magno graduated from the New York Film Academy .
In 2003 , Britney Spears asked Magno to choreograph for her ABC special and MTV club tour , for which his work was highly praised in Us Weekly .
In 2004 , Magno was commissioned by the Norwegian company ODE choreograph their 10th anniversary show , to be titled Illusionatics .
In December 2005 , Magno worked with flamenco guitarist Ron Benise , choreographing and staging Nights Of Fire a PBS television special , which incorporated flamenco , Afro-Cuban salsa , and samba . Magno then worked on Benise 's 2006 National Tour ; re-mounting , choreographing in addition to dancing as one of the lead performers with Benise .
Magno appeared in , directed and choreographed The Eternal a short film written by Zalman King , for the Bravo television network , which aired as part of the Forty Duce series . He also choreographed for the show So You Think You Can Dance , on Fox , as one of the shows first guest choreographers .
Magno choreographed the video for the songSway by the Pussycat Dolls , from the soundtrack to the 2004 film Shall We Dance ? .
In the beginning of 2006 , Magno completed his work on Orfeu In The Carnival of Souls a full-length original ballet commissioned by New York 's Ballet Hispanico . In addition to conceiving and choreographing the ballet , he directed , produced the soundtrack , and co-wrote most of the original music made for the ballet . Orfeu In The Carnival Of Souls received a favorable review from Sara G. Levin in The Villager .
Magno produced original music for his ballets Rendezvous Liaison , Dejame Sonar and Orfeu In The Carnaval Of Souls .
He has been a dance trainer for Christina Applegate , Elizabeth Berkley , and Jennifer Lopez .
2008 - present
Magno collaborated with Yanni as artistic director and choreographer for Televisa , and for Yanni 's 2008 PBS television special Yanni Voices , which featured the artists Natahan Pacheco , Chloe , Ender Thomas , Leslie Mills , José José , Lucero , Christian Castro , Olga Tañon and an orchestra . This special was nominated for a Luna Award in Mexico .
Magno produced , staged and choreographed `` Benise The Spanish Guitar '' , he then went on to direct and choreograph the `` Benise '' 40 city US Tour , ending the tour at the `` Chicago Theatre ''
He is producer , co-writer and choreographer of Winds of Passion a series of three short films , linked into one drama feature film .
Magno created for the Norwegian dance company ODE La Rueda a Latin/Cuban ballet , with both established and new Latin artists , using Latin songs such as Celia Cruz 's single La Vida Es Un Carnaval .
Theater
In 1989 , Magno formed his own dance company , Personna Dance Theater . He produced a five show series With Passion . In 1998 , he and his company were the featured company for Joinville , the dance festival in South America , where he received a special award for excellence in choreography .
In 1996 , Magno was hired to choreograph , write , and compose Hiroshima Requiem , a dance concert commemorating the 50th anniversary of the bombing of Hiroshima in the Second World War .
He was later the director and choreographer and composer for the Parisian Lido Show Rendezvous Liaison , an original ballet for their upcoming world tour .
For the Ballet Hispanico in New York City , he created an original ballet based on Hispanic music of the 1940s and 1950s , Dejame Sonar .
In 2003 , Magno was commissioned to create original works for Odyssey dance company , based on the mythic story of Euridice ; an original ballet based on Shakespeare 's Othello for Origins Company combining Latin ballroom , jazz , and hip-hop ; and a piece for the European company ODE .
He also choreographed for Franz Ferdinand Master of Illusion tour , the Hair 20th anniversary , Jfoxx and Jmen , and Love vs . Hate ; A Romeo and Juliet Story .
Feature films and television62nd Academy Awards , which he co-choreographed with Paula AbdulIn Living Color , a television series in which he directed a dance segmentLord of Illusions a Clive Barker filmSomebody to Love , starring Rosie PerezLiquid Dreams , for which his choreography was favorably reviewed at the 1991 Cannes Film FestivalBrasil 500 Anos , a celebration of Brazil 's 500th birthdayThe Golden Eagle Awards for Nosostro TVJust a Dream '' , a video for MCA recording artist Donna De Lory
References
Brazilian choreographers
Brazilian male dancers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
New York Film Academy alumni
Contemporary dancers
20th-century Brazilian dancers
21st-century Brazilian dancers
Julie Rosewald ( 1847- 1906 ) , called “ Cantor Soprano ” by her congregation , was America 's first unofficial ( due to the fact that she was female and not ordained ) cantor , serving San Francisco 's Temple Emanu-El from 1884 until 1893 .
Biography
She was an opera singer , born in Germany , and in 1884 she moved to San Francisco with her husband . Cantor Max Wolff died , and someone was needed to replace him who was familiar with Jewish liturgy , Hebrew and music , and could be ready to conduct High Holy Day services in three weeks . Rosewald was chosen , conducted High Holy Day services that year , and served the temple as cantor until 1893 . As cantor she sang the solo parts in the services , chose and directed the music at the synagogue , directed choir rehearsals , and collaborated with the organist .
Death
She is buried in Colma , California .
References
Further reading
External links
portrait of Julie Rosewald ( AlexanderStreet ; North American Theatre Online )
Women hazzans
1847 births
1906 deaths
Jewish American musicians
People from San Francisco
Religious leaders from the San Francisco Bay Area
19th-century American women singers
Burials at Hills of Eternity Memorial Park
The 1964 Giro d'Italia was the 47th running of the Giro d'Italia , one of cycling 's Grand Tour races . The Giro started in Bolzano , on 16 May , with a mass-start stage and concluded back in Milan , on 7 June , with a leg . A total of 130 riders from 13 teams entered the 22-stage race , which was won by Frenchman Jacques Anquetil of the Saint-Raphaël team . The second and third places were taken by Italian riders Italo Zilioli and Guido De Rosso , respectively .
Teams
A total of 13 teams were invited to participate in the 1964 Giro d'Italia . Each team sent a squad of ten riders , so the Giro began with a peloton of 130 cyclists . Out of the 130 riders that started this edition of the Giro d'Italia , a total of 97 riders made it to the finish in Milan .
The 13 teams that took part in the race were :
Route and stages
The race route was revealed to the public on 31 March 1964 by race director Vincenzo Torriani .
Classification leadership
One jersey was worn during the 1963 Giro d'Italia . The leader of the general classification – calculated by adding the stage finish times of each rider – wore a pink jersey . This classification is the most important of the race , and its winner is considered as the winner of the Giro .
The mountains classification leader . The climbs were ranked in first and second categories . In this ranking , points were won by reaching the summit of a climb ahead of other cyclists . There were two categories of mountains . The first category awarded 50 , 30 , and 20 points and the second distributed 30 , 20 , and 10 points . Although no jersey was awarded , there was also one classification for the teams , in which the teams were awarded points for their rider 's performance during the stages .
Final standings
General classification
Mountains classification
Traguardi tricolori classification
Teams classification
References
Citations
1964
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
1964 Super Prestige Pernod
Pompeo Cocchi di Pier Gentile ( active 1523 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active in Umbria .
Biography
Born in Corciano , he was a pupil of the painter Pietro Perugino . He was admitted into the guild of painters in 1523 . One of his pupils was Orsino Carota .
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
People from Corciano
Umbrian painters
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Hello Birdy is an Australian documentary television series presented by William McInnes . The first part of the six-part series aired on ABC1 on 1 February 2014 .
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
2010s Australian documentary television series
2014 Australian television series debuts
2014 Australian television series endings
The Napanee Guide is a weekly newspaper in Napanee , Ontario .
History
Since its start in 1988 the paper has seen many changes , from an independent to a corporately-owned publication and from a shopper to an award-winning newspaper . It is part of the Postmedia chain of newspapers .
External links
The Napanee Guide Official Website
Postmedia Network publications
Weekly newspapers published in Ontario
Newspapers established in 1988
1988 establishments in Ontario
James Joseph Knobeloch ( born March 18 , 1950 ) is an American-Australian actor best known for his role as Jake Slicker on Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman .
He was formerly married to Beth Sullivan , an American film and television writer and producer , best known as the creator of the long-running CBS series Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman , in which Knobeloch appeared . They have two children , Tess and Jack , who live in northern California with their mother .
Knobeloch has been a permanent resident of Australia since 2001 .
Since taking up residency in Australia , he has appeared in a number of Australian films and television series .
He appeared as a studio executive in Peter Jackson 's King Kong , and in 2012 he starred as Dr. Belfort in Predestination He later appeared in the Adult Swim series Smiling Friends .
Knobeloch also appeared as Texan Jim in The BBQ .
Knobeloch has also appeared in a number of Australian television series including The Saddle Club , Angry Boys and Australia on Trial , a three-part ABC Television series featuring re-enactments of historical events . The episode of Australia on Trial in which Knobeloch appeared centred on the Myall Creek massacre , where he played magistrate Robert Scott . He then went on to play the role of an American Dad on the Australian television comedy series Superwog
References
External links
1950 births
Male actors from Illinois
American male television actors
Living people
People from Belleville , Illinois
Australasia is a region that comprises Australia , New Zealand and some neighbouring islands in the Pacific Ocean . The term is used in a number of different contexts , including geopolitically , physiogeographically , philologically , and ecologically , where the term covers several slightly different , but related regions .
Derivation and definitions
Charles de Brosses coined the term ( as French Australasie ) in Histoire des navigations aux terres australes ( 1756 ) . He derived it from the Latin for `` south of Asia '' and differentiated the area from Polynesia ( to the east ) and the southeast Pacific ( Magellanica ) .
In the late 19th century , the term Australasia was used in reference to the `` Australasian colonies '' . In this sense it related specifically to the British colonies south of Asia : New South Wales , Queensland , South Australia , Tasmania , Western Australia , Victoria ( i.e. , the Australian colonies ) and New Zealand . Australasia found continued geopolitical attention in the early 20th century . Historian Hansong Li finds that against the backdrop of British colonialism , German geopoliticians considered `` Australasia '' as a counterweight to the former German South Sea Edge ( Südseerand ) , both of which form the `` Indo-Pacific '' region .
The New Zealand Oxford Dictionary gives two meanings of `` Australasia '' . One , especially in Australian use , is `` Australia , New Zealand , New Guinea , and the neighbouring islands of the Pacific '' . The other , especially in New Zealand use , is just Australia and New Zealand .
Two Merriam-Webster dictionaries online ( Collegiate and Unabridged ) define Australasia as `` Australia , New Zealand , and Melanesia '' . The American Heritage Dictionary online recognizes two senses in use : one more precise , being similar to the aforementioned senses , and the other broader , loosely covering all of Oceania .
See also
Asia-Pacific
Australasia at the Olympics
Austral-Asia Cup
Down Under
Sundaland
Trans-Tasman
Zealandia
Notes
References
External links
The 1922 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 7 , 1922 . Incumbent Republican governor William Sproul was not a candidate for re-election . Republican candidate Gifford Pinchot defeated Democratic candidate John A. McSparran to become Governor of Pennsylvania . John Stuchell Fisher unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination .
Results
|-
|-bgcolor= '' # EEEEEE ''
| colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' right '' | Totals
| align= '' right '' | 1,464,603
| align= '' right '' | 100.00 %
| }
References
1922
Pennsylvania
Gubernatorial
November 1922 events
The 1969 season was Djurgårdens IF 's 69th in existence , their 24th season in Allsvenskan and their 7th consecutive season in the league . They were competing in Allsvenskan , 1968–69 Svenska Cupen and 1969–70 Svenska Cupen .
Player statistics
Appearances for competitive matches only .
| }
Goals
Total
Allsvenskan
Svenska Cupen
Competitions
Overall
Allsvenskan
League table
Matches
Svenska Cupen
1968–69 Svenska Cupen
1969–70 Svenska Cupen
Friendlies
References
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll seasons
Djurgarden
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County , Mississippi .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Marion County , Mississippi , United States .
Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in a map .
There are 10 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mississippi
References
Marion County
The Brazil women 's national cricket team represents the country of Brazil in women 's cricket matches .
History
In April 2018 , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) granted full Women 's Twenty20 International ( WT20I ) status to all its members . Therefore , all Twenty20 matches played between Brazil women and another international side since 1 July 2018 have been full WT20I matches .
Brazil 's first WT20I matches were contested as part of the South American Women 's Championships in August 2018 against Chile , Mexico and Peru ( although Peru 's matches were not classified as WT20Is as not all of their players met the ICC residency requirements ) . Brazil won all group stage matches and won in the final against Chile by a margin of 92 runs .
In January 2020 , Cricket Brazil awarded central contracts to fourteen of its players .
In December 2020 , the ICC announced the qualification pathway for the 2023 ICC Women 's T20 World Cup . Brazil were named in the 2021 ICC Women 's T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier regional group , alongside three other teams . In that qualifier , Brazil finished second , and also achieved a miraculous one-run win over Canada , by taking five wickets in the last five consecutive deliveries of the two teams ' second T20I match against each other .
Brazil was invited to the 2022 Kwibuka Women 's T20 Tournament in Rwanda , with Germany becoming one of the first two non-African teams to participate in the tournament . Brazil recorded wins over Germany and Botswana in the round-robin stage of the tournament , before losing to Nigeria in the fifth-place play-off .
Tournament history
ICC Women 's T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier
2019 : Did not participate
2021 : 2nd ( DNQ )
South American Cricket Championship
2018 : Winner
2019 : Winner
Records and statistics
International Match Summary — Brazil Women
Last updated 17 June 2022
Twenty20 International
Highest team total : 202/3 ( 17 overs ) v. Peru on 4 October 2019 at Lima Cricket and Football Club , Lima .
Highest individual score : 68 * , Roberta Moretti Avery v. Peru on 4 October 2019 at Lima Cricket and Football Club , Lima
Best individual bowling figures : 4/6 , Nicole Cervone Monteiro v. Canada on 21 October 2021 at Reforma Athletic Club , Naucalpan .
T20I record versus other nations
Records complete to WT20I # 1126 . Last updated 17 June 2022 .
See also
Brazil national cricket team
List of Brazil women Twenty20 International cricketers
References
External links
Woman 's
Women 's national cricket teams
Antti Vilho Olavi Litja ( 21 February 1938 – 13 July 2022 ) was a Finnish actor .
Litja made over 60 film and television appearances since 1959 . A prominent figure in Finnish film in the 1970s and 1980s , since the mid-1990s he mostly appeared on television .
Litja played the main character in the 1977 film The Year of the Hare about a Finnish man from Helsinki who leaves to find a new life in the wilderness .
Selected filmography
The Year of the Hare ( 1977 )
Wonderman ( 1979 )
That Kiljunen Family ( 1981 )
The Clan – Tale of the Frogs ( 1984 )
Farewell , Mr. President ( 1987 )
The Glory and Misery of Human Life ( 1988 )
Princess ( 2010 )
The Grump ( 2014 )
References
External links
1938 births
2022 deaths
People from Kamennogorsk
Finnish male film actors
Finnish male television actors
20th-century Finnish male actors
21st-century Finnish male actors
Needmore is an unincorporated community in Marshall Township , Lawrence County , Indiana .
History
Tradition has it that Needmore was so named because early settlers there were always in need of food .
Geography
Needmore is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Heerlen Woonboulevard ( ) is a railway station in Heerlen , the Netherlands .
History
Construction took place in 2010 , between 18 January and 3 June , while the station opened on 27 June . The station lies between and on the , which is part of the Heuvellandlijn ( Maastricht–Heerlen–Kerkrade ) .
The station was named after the adjacent , a collection of furniture and home decoration shops .
Train services
The following local train services call at this station :
Stoptrein S4 : Maastricht–Heerlen
References
External links
NS website
Dutch public transport travel planner
Woonboulevard
Railway stations opened in 2010
Kempshall Mountain is a mountain located in Adirondack Mountains of New York . It is located in the northwest of the hamlet of Long Lake in Hamilton County . In 1918 , a Aermotor LS40 tower was built on the mountain for fire lookout purposes . Due to aerial detection being used , the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 season . The tower was later removed , and portions of the tower along with the tower from West Mountain were used to build the tower that is at the Essex County Historical Museum in Elizabethtown .
History
In May 1911 , the first structure was built on the mountain , which was a wooden tower built by the Conservation Commission . In 1918 , the wood tower was replaced with a Aermotor LS40 tower . Due to aerial detection being used , the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 season . The tower was later removed because it was deemed a `` non-conforming '' structure in the new High Peaks Wilderness Area . Portions of the tower along with the tower from West Mountain were used to build the tower that is at the Essex County Historical Museum in Elizabethtown .
References
Mountains of Hamilton County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Los Córdobas is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department , northern Colombia .
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Los Córdobas
Municipalities of Cordoba Department
Boyang ( ) is a town in southwestern Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China , located near the border with Guangxi . It is under the administration of Huazhou City .
Towns in Guangdong
Guillermo González Zayas ( born 15 January 1950 ) is a Puerto Rican sprinter . He competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
1950 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Puerto Rican male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Puerto Rico
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Puerto Rico
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Stewart County Courthouse , in Lumpkin , Georgia is a historic courthouse built in 1923 for Stewart County , Georgia . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
It was built to replace the 1895 courthouse which later burned in 1922 . It is a two-story brick Classical Revival-style courthouse . Its front and rear facades have identical projecting pedimented porticoes with four Tuscan columns . The building 's original cupola and clocktower have been lost . It is at the center of the Lumpkin Commercial Historic District .
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County , Georgia
Courthouses in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Buildings and structures completed in 1923
1923 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
The Ein al Zeitun massacre occurred on May 1 , 1948 , during the 1948 War , at the Palestinian Arab village of Ein al-Zeitun just north of Safed , then part of the British Mandate for Palestine . According to various historians , 23-70 Arab prisoners may have been killed by the Palmach .
Massacre
Ein al Zeitun at this time was a Palestinian Arab village of about 800 inhabitants . It was believed by local Jews that Arabs from the village had taken part in a 1929 massacre of Jews in Safed and the massacre is assumed to be as a point of revenge . The attack on Ein al Zeitun was conducted by the 3rd Battalion of the Palmach under the command of Moshe Kelman , as a preliminary operation to prepare for an assault on the Arab quarter of Safed . Davidka mortar bombs were used for the first time . The village was taken without much difficulty . Most of the villagers fled during the battle , and the remainder , apart from 30 to 100 men aged 20-40 were forcibly expelled afterwards .
The Palmach soldiers then began to destroy the village . Palmach officer Elad Peled recalled that “ our men began blowing up the village . The intoxication of victory blinded them and they went berserk , breaking and destroying property . The Jews of Safad saw Ein Zeitun blown up and crushed , and were `` happy '' , seeing in it vengeance for what the Arabs of Ein Zeitun carried out against the Jews of Safad and Ein Zeitim . ”
One Yiftah HQ report says that `` 30 '' Arab prisoners were `` transferred to Golani [ Brigade ] '' . But a day or two later two Palmach soldiers , acting on Third Battalion OC Moshe Kelman 's orders , murdered several dozen prisoners , probably including young men from Ein al-Zeitun , in the gully between Ein al-Zeitun and Safad . According to Netiva Ben-Yehuda , the captive men were tied up and thrown into the deep gully between Ein al Zeitun and left for two days . Kelman then decided to `` get rid of this problem altogether '' but most of his men refused . Finally , he found two willing to do it , and the prisoners were killed . Two days later , word of the massacre leaked out , and it was feared that British or UN investigators would arrive , so some soldiers , including Ben-Yehuda , were detailed to untie the corpses and bury them .
According to a testimony Aharon Yo'eli , a soldier present , obtained by Israeli historian Uri Milstein `` 2 Israelis came from Safad and took 23 men from Ayn Zaytoon , stripped them of watches and wallets , took them to a hill and shot them . Israelis were looking for other Israelis to kill Arabs ; many Jews in Safad were Hassidis ( strictly observant ) . Other Arabs were expelled towards Germak mountain '' .
Aftermath
The Syrians subsequently charged that `` women had been raped '' .
The destruction of Ein al Zeitun and the consequent massacre terrified the Arabs of Safed and probably contributed to their flight in the coming days .
Hans Lebrecht says he was ordered to build a temporary pump station and divert the village stream , Ayn Zaytun , to supply water to his battalion . The village had been destroyed , and among the debris there were many bodies . `` In particular , we found many bodies of women , children and babies near the local mosque . I convinced the army to burn the bodies . ''
See also
Depopulated Palestinian locations in Israel
Zionist political violence
References
Bibliography
Abbasi , M. ( 2004 ) . The battle for Safad in the war of 1948 : A revised study . International Journal of Middle East Studies , vol . 36 , 21–47 .
( p. 130 )
( pp . 222-223 )
p. 36 .
Pappé , Ilan ( 2006 ) : The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine , London and New York : Oneworld , p.111-113
Quigley , John B . ( 2005 ) . Case for Palestine : An International Law Perspective . Duke University Press . , p. 61 .
History of Mandatory Palestine
Massacres in Mandatory Palestine
May 1948 events in Asia
Zionist terrorism
1948 massacres of Palestinians
Pravin Pote known as P.R.Pote Patil is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council , belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party . He represents the Amravati local body constituency . He was appointed Maharashtra 's Minister of State in December , 2014 with the portfolio Industries and Mining , Environment , Public Works ( excluding public undertaking ) . Later in the same month , he was also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Amravati district .
References
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
Living people
People from Amravati district
Marathi politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Maharashtra
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Anglican Church of St Michael in Dinder , Somerset , England has Norman origins and was built in the 14th century before being rebuilt in the 15th . It is a Grade II * listed building .
History
A church was established in Dinder after the Norman conquest , however the current building was first erected in the 14th century . Major rebuilding was undertaken in the 15th century . A Victorian restoration was carried out in 1872 when the chancel was rebuilt .
The parish is within the benefice of Pilton with Croscombe , North Wootton and Dinder which is part of the Diocese of Bath and Wells .
Architecture
The church consists of a three-bay nave , chancel , north aisle and a north organ chamber . The three-stage tower is supported by diagonal buttresses .
Inside the church are a stone pulpit and perpendicular font and piscina .
There is a stone carving of a two-headed dragon about the south chapel window . The legend of the Dragon of Dinder goes back for centuries , and is documented on illuminated transcript which is now preserved in Eton College Library Records . The legend goes that a terrible Dragon was terrorising both livestock and villagers . The then Bishop Jocelyn was called upon to save the people of Dinder . He rode out with his men at arms , but at the last furlong commanded them to remain at a distance while he rode on and single-handedly beheaded the beast .
The stone cross in the churchyard dates from the 14th century .
See also
List of ecclesiastical parishes in the Diocese of Bath and Wells
References
Grade II * listed buildings in Mendip District
Grade II * listed churches in Somerset
The discography of Japanese recording artist Gackt consists of eight studio albums , eight compilation albums , one extended play , and forty-eight singles . In 1999 Gackt signed a recording contract with Nippon Crown . His breakthrough success was the EP Mizérable , which peaked at number 2 on the Oricon albums chart . His single `` Returner ( Yami no Shūen ) '' , released on June 20 , 2007 , was his first and only single to reach the number one spot on the Oricon charts to date . In 2007 , his entire back catalogue , with live song recordings from Drug Party tour , was released on the iTunes Store , video collection `` The Greatest Filmography '' was released in the United States and Canada , and his album Diabolos was released in 18 European countries . From November 2008 until March 2010 his records were released under his own independent label Dears , but still supported by Nippon Crown . In April 2010 , Gackt transferred to Avex Group . Since February 2014 they 're released by his independent record label G & Lovers , which is supported by Crown Tokuma . As a solo artist , since 2009 are reported sales of over 10 million , and holds the male soloist record for most top ten consecutive chart singles as of July 18 , 2011 .
Discography
Studio albums
Footnotes :
— = N/A
Live albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Soundtrack
Singles
On December 27 , 2006 , Japanese recording charts Oricon wrote up the list of Gackt 's top ten best selling singles . The sales can be seen in the table , from first : `` Another World '' , `` Vanilla '' , `` Jūnigatsu no Love Song '' , `` Metamorphoze '' , `` Kimi no Tameni Dekiru Koto '' , `` Wasurenai Kara '' , `` Oasis '' , `` Redemption '' , `` Kimi ni Aitakute '' , and `` Mizérable '' .
Credited work
Covers
1997 - Hideki Saijo 's `` Kizudarake no Lola '' as a vocalist .
2000 - Stevie Wonder 's `` To Feel the Fire '' as part of Kirin 's Fire brand of coffee campaign .
2003 - John Lennon 's `` Love '' , performed at the `` Dream Power : John Lennon Super Live '' concert organized by Yoko Ono in Saitama Super Arena .
2016 - Ayumi Hamasaki 's `` Seasons '' as part of Nescafé Dolce Gusto brand of coffee campaign .
2017 - Dreams Come True 's `` Suki '' released in The Best Covers Of Dreams Come True Doriuta Vol.1 . ( 2017 ) .
Many songs during the cover concert festival conceptualized around fictional school `` Camui Gakuen '' held since 2009 .
Other contribution
2006 - Ji Dandi `` Lover 〜愛しい人〜 '' ( songwriter , composer )
2008 - Tōru Furuya `` ララの夜想曲-nocturne- '' ( composer )
2014 - Mayo Kawasaki `` Why '' ( supplemental songwriter , composer )
2019 - BoA `` スキだよ-MY LOVE- '' ( lyricist )
Video discography
Concert tour videos
Concert tour videos compilations
Music videos compilations
Video singles
Platinum Box series
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music discographies
Fernando Coello Layton ( April 11 , 1847 – June 22 , 1926 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. representative from Ohio for three terms from 1891 to 1897 .
Early life and career
Born near St. Johns , Auglaize County , Ohio , Layton attended the public schools and Wittenberg College , Springfield , Ohio .
He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar in 1869 and practiced in Wapakoneta , Ohio .
County school examiner .
He served as prosecuting attorney of Auglaize County 1875-1878 .
He served as captain of Company G , Ohio National Guard from 1878 to 1883 .
Congress
Layton was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second , Fifty-third , and Fifty-fourth Congresses ( March 4 , 1891 – March 3 , 1897 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 .
He resumed the practice of his profession in Wapakoneta , Ohio .
Layton was elected Common Pleas Judge in 1908 .
He was reelected in 1914 and in 1920 and served until his resignation on June 9 , 1926 .
Death
He died in Wapakoneta , Ohio , on June 22 , 1926 .
He was interred in Greenlawn Cemetery .
References
1847 births
1926 deaths
People from Wapakoneta , Ohio
Wittenberg University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
United States Army officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Samuel Ojebode ( 14 July 1944 – 4 July 2012 ) was a Nigerian footballer .
Career
Ojebode played for Shooting Stars , where he won the 1976 African Cup Winners ' Cup ; he also captained the Nigerian national side in three matches at the 1976 African Cup of Nations . He appeared in four FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
References
1944 births
2012 deaths
Nigerian footballers
Nigeria international footballers
1976 African Cup of Nations players
Association football fullbacks
Sportspeople from Oyo State
Mick Gooda is an Aboriginal Australian public servant including serving as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioner of the Australian Human Rights Commission from 2009 to 2016 and Co-Commissioner of the Royal Commission into the Protection and Detention of Children in the Northern Territory from 2016 to 2017 . He is a descendant of the Gangulu people of Central Queensland .
Career
Gooda was previously the chief executive officer of the Aboriginal Health Cooperative Research Centre . He was also a long-serving officer with the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission .
He was the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioner of the Australian Human Rights Commission from 2009 to 2016 .
In 2016 , Gooda and Margaret White were appointed as co-Commissioners for the Royal Commission into the Protection and Detention of Children in the Northern Territory .
Gooda was appointed as a member of the Expert Panel on Constitutional Recognition of Indigenous Australians by Prime Minister Julia Gillard in 2010 and appointed to the Referendum Council in 2015 by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull .
In 2015 he was appointed the chair of the Queensland Government Stolen Wages Reparations Taskforce . In 2018 he was appointed the inaugural First Nations Housing Advisor to the Queensland Government . In 2019 he was appointed to the Eminent Panel for the Queensland Government 's Indigenous treaty-making process .
In November 2019 , it was announced that Gooda would be one of 20 members of the Senior Advisory Group to help co-design the Indigenous voice to government set up by Ken Wyatt , the Minister for Indigenous Australians . The group is co-chaired by Wyatt , Marcia Langton and Tom Calma .
References
Living people
Australian indigenous rights activists
Australian public servants
People from Queensland
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Wizards Project was a research project at the University of California , San Francisco led by Paul Ekman and Maureen O'Sullivan that studied the ability of people to detect lies . The experts identified in their study were called `` Truth Wizards '' . O'Sullivan spent more than 20 years studying the science of lying and deceit . The project was originally named the Diogenes Project , after Diogenes of Sinope , the Greek philosopher who would look into people 's faces using a lamp , claiming to be looking for an honest man .
Synopsis
The project defined a `` Truth Wizard '' as a person identified who can identify deception with accuracy of at least 80 % , whereas the average person rates around 50 % . No Truth Wizard was 100 % accurate . `` Wizard '' is used to mean `` a person of amazing skill or accomplishment . ''
O'Sullivan and Ekman identified only 50 people as Truth Wizards after testing 20,000 ( ~0.25 % ) from all walks of life , including the Secret Service , FBI , sheriffs , police , attorneys , arbitrators , psychologists , students , and many others . Surprisingly , while psychiatrists and law enforcement personnel showed no more aptitude than college freshmen , Secret Service agents were the most skilled .
O'Sullivan remarked , `` Our wizards are extraordinarily attuned to detecting the nuances of facial expressions , body language and ways of talking and thinking . Some of them can observe a videotape for a few seconds and amazingly they can describe eight details about the person on the tape . ''
Scientists are currently studying Truth Wizards to identify new ways to spot a liar .
Truth Wizards use a variety of clues to spot deception and do not depend on any one `` clue '' to identify a liar . Truth wizards have a natural knack for spotting microexpressions . They also home in on inconsistencies in emotion , body language , and the spoken word with amazing skill .
Ekman said on NPR : `` We 're still trying to find out how in the world did they learn this skill ? Are they the sort of Mozarts of lie detection ; they just had it ? ''
Ekman points out that the success rate of Truth Wizards is `` without any specialized training , '' and claims that anyone can be trained to detect microexpressions , one element used by Truth Wizards to spot deception in some case , and has released a training CD to do that .
Controversies
Psychologists Charles F. Bond and Ahmet Uysal of Texas Christian University criticized the methodology used by Ekman and O'Sullivan and suspected the performance of the reported Truth Wizards to be due to chance ( a type I error ) , concluding that `` convincing evidence of lie detection wizardry has never been presented . '' Gary D. Bond from Winston Salem State University later replicated the experiment using a more rigorous protocol and found two people to be exceptionally fast and accurate at lie detection out of 112 law enforcement officers and 122 undergraduate students , a result consistent with Ekman and O'Sullivan 's . Both experts at lie detection were female Native American BIA correctional officers .
O'Sullivan responded to Bond and Uysal in `` Unicorns or Tiger Woods : are lie detection experts myths or rarities ? A response to on lie detection 'wizards ' by Bond and Uysal '' . Bond and Uysal had critiqued a chapter which discussed the initial stages for a research program under way . They commented on two different issues in particular . Firstly , the scores of any `` Truth Wizard '' may have been a coincidence and secondly , the procedures used for testing does not meet the standards of classical psychometric class theory . Ekman , Mark Frank and O'Sullivan also published `` Reply scoring and reporting : A response to Bond ( 2008 ) '' .
In addition , the methods employed by the original researchers have also come under criticism , with suggestion that methodological techniques and particular results have not been published fully .
In popular culture
Ekman 's work is the inspiration for the Fox TV series Lie to Me ( 2009–2011 ) . One of the show 's main characters , Ria Torres , is a `` natural '' , that is , a Truth Wizard .
References
External links
Lying and Deceit : The Wizards Project
Scientists Pick Out Human Lie Detectors , nbcnews.com
Psychology experiments
Giftedness
Lie detection
CJ the DJ is an animated television series and sitcom created first broadcast on ABC3 . The show was created by Stu Connolly and Mark Gravas .
Fifty-two episodes were produced for the first season . Two episodes are often broadcast together , creating an impression that there are only twenty-six episodes in the first season .
Overview
CJ The DJ follows the adventures of a 13-year-old girl with the nickname of CJ , with Lesley and Si they form a group of DJ wannabes and together try to make it to the big leagues by playing gigs , promoting themselves and practicing . However the town she lives in , no one wants to hear about her .
Characters
Cathleen Jones aka CJ is Charley Jones ' older sister . She is a 13-year-old girl who aspires to be a DJ . She loves not being like everyone else and has a unique view on the world .
Lesley Smiles is one of CJ 's friends , she is the complete opposite to CJ but they are friends because they are both individuals .
Si is CJ 's best friend and neighbor , he is a born musician and has a passion for classical music . His background is New Zealander .
Arnis owns a record store called `` A-Trax '' , He gives CJ her gigs and sees potential in her .
Lyle hangs out at Arnis ' store every day after school he also works there for free . He seems to secretly have feelings for CJ although teases and bullies her , much like Helga does to Arnold in 'Hey Arnold ' .
The Patel Twins want to be DJs only for the fame , they usually work at their dad 's convenience store , They are jealous of CJ and steal her gigs , songs and even her name and cause numerous problems for herself and her friends .
Charley Jones is Cathleen Jones ' younger sister and the girlfriend of Goh . She is ten , however wants to be sixteen , she loves to shop and usually pokes fun at Cathleen Jones ' fashion sense .
Gene Jones is CJ and Charley Jones ' father . He has a band that has limited appeal to most people . He lives like he is a young person .
Marsha Jones is CJ and Charley Jones ' mother . She 's the no-nonsense voice of authority in the household , and the primary source of income for the family , usually appearing in her business suit . However , in her youth she was the lead guitarist and vocalist for an all-girl punk band .
Mr. Truman is the evil science teacher and recurring antagonist who appears in various episodes .
Episodes
Multimedia
DVD releases
On 1 July 2010 , the Australian Broadcasting Company released the first DVD of CJ The DJ , featuring the first eight episodes .
Digital downloads
CJ the DJ Series 1 Volumes 1 ( Episodes 1 - 26 ) and 2 ( Episodes 27 - 52 ) are available for download at the ABC Online Store .
ABC iView
CJ the DJ was released on ABC iView for public viewing , though each episode was only available for viewing over a limited amount of time .
International broadcast
Brazil : Gloob
Israel : Arutz HaYeladim ( סי ג'יי הדי ג'יי )
Portugal : RTP2
Malaysia : 8TV
References
External links
CJ the DJ at IMDb
2000s Australian animated television series
2010s Australian animated television series
2009 Australian television series debuts
2010 Australian television series endings
Australian children 's animated comedy television series
Australian flash animated television series
English-language television shows
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Animated television series about teenagers
Evelyn Temple Emmett ( 1871–1970 ) was the first Director of the Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau and a founder of the Hobart Walking Club He actively promoted skiing and bushwalking in the state and served on several National Park boards . Several Tasmanian features are named after him .
Family
Evelyn Temple Emmett was born in Launceston , Tasmania on 18 May 1871 and grew up on the farm of his father , Skelton Emmett , in the village of Forest , within sight of The Nut at Stanley in Tasmania 's north-west . His father was a pioneer farmer , prospector and track-cutter , a colourful and multi-faceted personality . His grandfather , Henry James Emmett , brought his young family out to Van Diemen 's Land from England , arriving on 10 December 1819 , only fifteen years after the establishment of Hobart Town .
E. T. Emmett 's early schooling was at Stanley , though he later attended Scotch College , Launceston . In his youth Emmett excelled in road races and walking matches , and later became a champion cyclist and an accomplished ballroom dancer .
On 14 April 1903 he married Sophie Margaret Maguire at St Paul 's Church of England , Stanley ; they had three sons and three daughters .
Early career
On completing his education he worked at Scotch College , Launceston as a teacher for a brief period , before accepting the position of Junior Clerk with the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company in 1888 . When the Tasmanian Government took over the railways a few years later , Emmett was promoted to the position of Chief Clerk .
Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau
A capable administrator , Emmett was chosen in 1914 to oversee the beginnings of the company 's tourism operation . His obvious flair and ability for the position led to his appointment as first Director of the newly formed Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau . Emmett was eminently qualified for the job ; he was well-educated , personable and articulate , and possessed an extensive knowledge of the state and its history . He had grown up in the Tasmanian bush , felt a close affinity with it and drew on his bush experiences throughout his life .
The early years of his directorship were challenging times , as the concept of tourism was still in its infancy and only limited funds were available . But Emmett 's intimate knowledge of all things Tasmanian allowed him to accurately assess the state 's tourist potential . He worked tirelessly to lay the foundations of the fledgling industry . Whenever tourist numbers for Tasmania fell , he would immediately embark upon a series of promotional tours of the Australian mainland states , using lantern slides and his gift as a skilled public speaker to introduce Tasmania to new markets . Such promotion – commonplace today – was then a bold thrust into the tourist marketplace . His lectures were invariably well received by packed island and mainland audiences .
In 1918 Emmett was a deputy director of the committee which hosted a French mission to Tasmania . In recognition of his work the French government conferred upon him the Palmes d'Officier d'Académie ( Ordre des Palmes Académiques ) in 1923 .
Conservationist
Over the next three decades Emmett was at the forefront of a series of far-sighted initiatives to ensure the protection of many of today 's wilderness regions . He became a foundation member of the Scenery Preservation Board ( forerunner of National Parks and Wildlife Service ) in 1915 , and , two years later , of the first National Park Board which administered the Mount Field National Park and the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in their early years . In 1921 , Emmett , Clive Lord and Gustav Weindorfer drew up a landmark proposal for a new national park to be established , in the first instance , at Cradle Mountain . Further discussion between the three men resulted in the now-historic proclamation of a Scenic Reserve on 16 May 1922 which extended south as far as Lake St Clair and enclosed , at that time , . This became known as the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park .
The year before Emmett had visited the mainland states to gain ideas for promoting tourism , and was impressed by the new sport of snow skiing . He returned with six pairs of skis and helped introduce the sport to southern Tasmania at Mount Field National Park in the winter of 1922 . In 1929 , with Fred Smithies and Carl Stackhouse , he was among the first to test the ski slopes of Ben Lomond in Northern Tasmania , along with Geoffrey Chapman who also skied Ben Lomond the same year . Emmett helped organise and participated regularly in weekend ski trips by rail from Hobart to Mount Field which quickly became very popular .
Hobart Walking Club
On the return train trip from Mount Field on the last ski trip of the 1929 season Emmett suggested the idea of forming what would later become The Hobart Walking Club . He was supported by another keen skier and bushwalker , Jack Thwaites .
Emmett 's casual suggestion on the train returning from Mount Field was received with such enthusiasm that shortly afterwards a notice was placed in The Mercury calling for interested persons to attend a meeting at Hobart Town Hall . Forty people , including the skiers from Mount Field , were present on Tuesday , 12 November 1929 when the Hobart Walking Club was formed . Walter Taylor was elected first President , Jack Thwaites , Secretary , and Cecil Johnston , Treasurer . Enthusiasm for the club ran high and nine days later the first general meeting was held . At this meeting rules were adopted and seventeen foundation members paid their subscriptions , nearly half of whom were women .
Among the foundation members were Emmett and Jack Thwaites , Walter Taylor , Geoffrey Chapman ( who later designed the club 's badge ) and Alfred White . In the weeks ahead membership continued to grow and on Saturday 30 November 1929 the first club walk on Mount Wellington was organized . It was a highly successful outing with thirty-five members , mostly women , walking from Cascades to the Log Cabin ( later replaced by the Rock Cabin ) . Among them were Jack Thwaites and Emmett , who was known variously to club members as ' E.T . ' , 'Em ' , or , more respectfully , Mr Emmett . Between them , Emmett and Jack Thwaites laid the foundations for what would become one of Australia 's most popular and important walking clubs .
Pioneering walks
In December 1930 Emmett joined a party which made the first ascent of Mount Ida on the eastern shore of Lake St Clair . He also named Lake Oenone and Lake Helen on the upper reaches of neighbouring Mount Olympus . In March 1934 he made an early ascent of Frenchmans Cap with Jack Thwaites and Des Giblin , an expedition he describes colourfully in a Walkabout article ;
Lake Sophie , nestled below the mountain 's southern face , was named on that trip by Jack Thwaites after Emmett 's wife . In the early 1930s plans were put in place to build a vehicular road from The Springs to the summit of Mount Wellington , a proposal which met with considerable opposition . Emmett pushed strongly for the construction of the Pinnacle Road , despite his love of bushwalking and harbouring a lifelong contempt for the motor car . 'Dad 's opinion was that not everybody was capable of walking to the pinnacle , ' his daughter , Margaret , remembered . 'He believed that the majestic view from the summit should be shared by car owners as well as walkers . '
Writer
The Hobart Walking Club 's biannual magazine , The Tasmanian Tramp , first published in 1933 , was launched with funding assistance from the Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau arranged by Emmett . He was editor and author of many articles for the first four issues and supplied the bulk of the photographs . A prolific and gifted writer , he also published in other magazines including Walkabout and authored two books , A Short History of Tasmania and Tasmania By Road and Track .
Legacy
After a long and distinguished career Emmett retired as Director of Tourism in June 1941 . In 1959 he was appointed to the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) . He has since been called 'The Father of Tasmanian Tourism ' . Today his name is commemorated in three locations : Mount Emmett in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park , Lake Emmett in Mount Field National Park and Emmetts Chamber in King Solomons Cave at Mole Creek .
When Emmett died in Hobart on 9 December 1970 in his hundredth year , tourism in Tasmania was a growing industry behind which he had been a driving force . The opening up of wilderness Tasmania to the bushwalking community had been an important part of that development , and from the beginning Emmett fought hard for the preservation of the state 's natural regions at a time when the short-sighted plundering of these was often the primary consideration of business and government .
Publications
He wrote a number of books and articles , including under the pseudonyms 'Orion ' and 'Ah Won ' .
Notable achievements
First director of the Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau .
Instrumental in introducing the sport of skiing to southern Tasmania in 1922 .
Suggested and founded Hobart Walking Club with Jack Thwaites in 1929 .
Member of the party which made the first ascent of Mount Ida overlooking Lake St Clair in December 1930 .
Led the party which made the first official crossing of the Overland Track in January 1931 .
Pushed strongly for the conservation of Tasmania 's wilderness and historic areas through his work on National Park boards and the Scenery Preservation Board .
See also
Jack Thwaites
References
Further Information
Alexander , Alison ( ed . ) , 'Evelyn Temple Emmett ' , The Companion to Tasmanian History , University of Tasmania , Hobart , 2004
Thwaites , Jack , 'Club Founder – E.T . Emmett ' , The Tasmanian Tramp , No . 9 , 1949 , pp . 9–10
Thwaites , Jack , 'Evelyn Temple Emmett , 1871–1970 ' , The Tasmanian Tramp , No . 20 , 1972 , pp . 20–22
The Tasmanian Tramp , Nos . 1–20 , 1933–72
Kleinig , Simon , Jack Thwaites – Pioneer Tasmanian Bushwalker and Conservationist , Forty Degrees South Pty Ltd , Hobart , 2008
External links
E.T . Emmett 's entry in Australian Dictionary of Biography
Jack Thwaites Bush Diaries
1871 births
1970 deaths
People from Launceston , Tasmania
History of Tasmania
People from Hobart
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Tourism in Tasmania
Hikers
Hobart Walking Club
Lauren Georgia Smith ( born 6 October 1996 ) is an Australian cricketer who plays as a right-arm off break bowler and right-handed batter . Smith was selected to play her first Women 's National Cricket League ( WNCL ) match for the New South Wales Breakers at the age of 18 . In her debut WNCL match she took four wickets for 36 runs in her ten overs .
Smith previously played for the Sydney Sixers in the Women 's Big Bash League before being recruited to play for the Sydney Thunder ahead of the 2020–21 season . She also had a stint with Lancashire in 2016 and with Suffolk in 2022 . Later in 2022 , she joined the South East Stars squad , scoring 73 * and taking 2/20 on debut against North West Thunder .
References
External links
Lauren Smith at Cricket Australia
1996 births
Living people
Cricketers from Sydney
Australian women cricketers
New South Wales Breakers cricketers
Sydney Sixers ( WBBL ) cricketers
Sydney Thunder ( WBBL ) cricketers
Lancashire women cricketers
Suffolk women cricketers
South East Stars cricketers
The following is a list of state highways in Kentucky with numbers from 3000 to 5999 .
3000-3099
KY 3000 ( removed 1988 )
KY 3001- from US 421 near Cranks to US 421 in Chevrolet
KY 3002- from US 127 near Napoleon to KY 16 in Napoleon
KY 3003- from US 62 in Oddvilleto near Venus
KY 3004- from KY 1744 in Kelat to KY 1053 near Antioch
KY 3005- from Western Kentucky Parkway near Elizabethtown to US 62 / KY 61 in Elizabethtown ( established 1987 )
KY 3006
KY 3007
KY 3008
KY 3009
KY 3010
KY 3011 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3012
KY 3013 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3014
KY 3015
KY 3016- from KY 982 in Cynthiana to KY 36 / KY 356 in Cynthiana ( established 1987 )
KY 3017
KY 3018
KY 3019- from KY 101 near Rhoda to KY 259 near Rhoda ( established 2002 )
KY 3020
KY 3021- from KY 259 near Rhoda to KY 259 in Brownsville ( established 2002 )
KY 3022 ( removed 2018 )
KY 3023 ( removed 2002 )
KY 3024
KY 3025
KY 3026 ( removed 2012 )
KY 3027 ( removed 2012 )
KY 3028 ( removed 2012 )
KY 3029 ( removed 2012 )
KY 3030 ( removed 2010 )
KY 3031 ( removed 2010 )
KY 3032 ( removed 2010 )
KY 3033
KY 3034
KY 3035
KY 3036
KY 3037
KY 3038
KY 3039
KY 3040
KY 3041
KY 3042
KY 3043
KY 3044
KY 3045
KY 3046
KY 3047
KY 3048
KY 3049
KY 3050
KY 3051
KY 3052
KY 3053
KY 3054
KY 3055
KY 3056
KY 3057
KY 3058
KY 3059
KY 3060
KY 3061
KY 3062
KY 3063
KY 3064
KY 3065
KY 3066
KY 3067
KY 3068
KY 3069- Spur from KY 864 in Louisville
KY 3070
KY 3071 ( removed 2001 )
KY 3072 ( removed 2018 )
KY 3073
KY 3074
KY 3075
KY 3076
KY 3077
KY 3078
KY 3079
KY 3080
KY 3081 ( removed 2018 )
KY 3082 ( removed by 1980 )
KY 3083
KY 3084
KY 3085
KY 3086
KY 3087
KY 3088
KY 3089
KY 3090 ( removed 2018 )
KY 3091
KY 3092
KY 3093 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3094
KY 3095- from US 127 / KY 227 in Owenton to KY 1287 near Owenton ( established 1987 )
KY 3096 ( established 1987 )
KY 3097
KY 3098
KY 3099
3100-3199
KY 3100 ( removed 2001 )
KY 3101
KY 3102
KY 3103
KY 3104
KY 3105
KY 3106
KY 3107 ( removed 2008 )
KY 3108
KY 3109
KY 3110
KY 3111- Temporary route number during construction in 2007 ; became part of US 119 when construction was completed in 2008
KY 3111 ( removed 1992 )
KY 3112
KY 3113
KY 3114
KY 3115
KY 3116
KY 3117
KY 3118
KY 3119 ( removed 2006 )
KY 3120 ( removed 2006 )
KY 3121 ( removed 2006 )
KY 3122 ( removed 2006 )
KY 3123 ( removed 2006 )
KY 3124
KY 3125
KY 3126
KY 3127
KY 3128
KY 3129
KY 3130
KY 3131
KY 3132
KY 3133 ( removed 1998 )
KY 3134 ( removed 1997 )
KY 3135
KY 3136
KY 3137
KY 3138
KY 3139
KY 3140
KY 3141
KY 3142
KY 3143
KY 3144
KY 3145- from I-65 near Bowling Green to US 68 / KY 80 in Bowling Green ( established 2017 )
KY 3145 ( removed 2004 )
KY 3146
KY 3147
KY 3148
KY 3149
KY 3150
KY 3151
KY 3152
KY 3153
KY 3154
KY 3155- from KY 259 in Leitchfield to KY 259 in Leitchfield
KY 3156- from US 127 / KY 90 near Snow to KY 2063 near Upchurch ( established 1980 )
KY 3157 ( established 2011 )
KY 3158
KY 3159
KY 3160- from US 68 / KY 80 in Glasgow to US 31E in Glasgow ( established 2004 , removed 2012 )
KY 3160 ( removed 1988 )
KY 3161
KY 3162
KY 3163
KY 3164
KY 3165
KY 3166
KY 3167
KY 3168 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3169
KY 3170
KY 3171
KY 3172- from KY 73 near South Union to KY 240 near Petros ( established 1997 )
KY 3173
KY 3174
KY 3175
KY 3176
KY 3177
KY 3178
KY 3179
KY 3180
KY 3181
KY 3182- from KY 79 near Dimple to KY 1083 at Needmore ( established 1983 )
KY 3183
KY 3184
KY 3185
KY 3186
KY 3187
KY 3188
KY 3189
KY 3190
KY 3191
KY 3192
KY 3193
KY 3194
KY 3195
KY 3196
KY 3197
KY 3198
KY 3199
3200-3299
KY 3200
KY 3201
KY 3202 ( established 1996 )
KY 3202 ( established 1984 , removed 1991 )
KY 3203 ( established 2001 , removed 2005 )
KY 3203 ( established 1984 , removed 1991 )
KY 3204 ( established 1985 )
KY 3205- from KY 1187 at Silver City to KY 70 near South Hill ( established 1983 )
KY 3206
KY 3207
KY 3208 ( removed 2005 )
KY 3209
KY 3210
KY 3211
KY 3212
KY 3213 ( removed 2001 )
KY 3214
KY 3215
KY 3216
KY 3217
KY 3218
KY 3219
KY 3220
KY 3221
KY 3222
KY 3223
KY 3224
KY 3225- from US 31W in Bowling Green to US 31W / US 68 / KY 80 in Bowling Green ( established 1984 )
KY 3226
KY 3227
KY 3228
KY 3229
KY 3230- Spur from KY 248 at Taylorsville Lake State Park ( established 1984 )
KY 3231 ( removed 2015 )
KY 3232
KY 3233
KY 3234
KY 3235 ( removed 2017 )
KY 3236
KY 3237
KY 3238- Loop from US 45 Bus . / US 60 Bus . in Paducah ( established 2001 )
KY 3238 ( established 1985 , removed 1992 )
KY 3239 ( established 1986 , removed 2011 )
KY 3240- from US 431 / KY 2146 in Russellville to US 68 Bus . in Russellville ( established 2012 )
KY 3240 ( established 1986 , removed 1987 )
KY 3241
KY 3242
KY 3243
KY 3244
KY 3245
KY 3246
KY 3247
KY 3248
KY 3249
KY 3250 ( removed 2001 )
KY 3251
KY 3252
KY 3253
KY 3254
KY 3255
KY 3256
KY 3257
KY 3258
KY 3259
KY 3260
KY 3261
KY 3262
KY 3263
KY 3264
KY 3265
KY 3266
KY 3267
KY 3268
KY 3269
KY 3270
KY 3271
KY 3272
KY 3273
KY 3274
KY 3275
KY 3276
KY 3277
KY 3278
KY 3279 ( removed 2001 )
KY 3280
KY 3281
KY 3282
KY 3283
KY 3284
KY 3285
KY 3286
KY 3287
KY 3288
KY 3289
KY 3290
KY 3291
KY 3292
KY 3293
KY 3294- from US 60 / KY 180 in Cannonsburg to US 23 / US 60 in Catlettsburg ( removed 1987 )
KY 3295
KY 3296
KY 3297
KY 3298
KY 3299
3300-3399
KY 3300
KY 3301
KY 3302
KY 3303 ( removed 2020 )
KY 3304
KY 3305
KY 3306
KY 3307
KY 3308
KY 3309
KY 3310
KY 3311
KY 3312
KY 3313
KY 3314
KY 3315
KY 3316
KY 3317
KY 3318
KY 3319
KY 3320
KY 3321
KY 3322
KY 3323
KY 3324
KY 3325
KY 3326
KY 3327
KY 3328
KY 3329
KY 3330
KY 3331
KY 3332
KY 3333
KY 3334
KY 3335
KY 3336
KY 3337
KY 3338
KY 3339
KY 3340
KY 3341
KY 3342
KY 3343
KY 3344
KY 3345
KY 3346
KY 3347
KY 3348
KY 3349
KY 3350
KY 3351
KY 3352
KY 3353
KY 3354
KY 3355
KY 3356
KY 3357
KY 3358
KY 3359
KY 3360
KY 3361
KY 3362
KY 3363
KY 3364
KY 3365
KY 3366
KY 3367
KY 3368
KY 3369
KY 3370
KY 3371
KY 3372 ( removed 2005 )
KY 3373
KY 3374
KY 3375
KY 3376
KY 3377
KY 3378
KY 3379
KY 3380
KY 3381
KY 3382
KY 3383
KY 3384
KY 3385
KY 3386
KY 3387
KY 3388
KY 3389
KY 3390
KY 3391
KY 3392
KY 3393
KY 3394
KY 3395
KY 3396
KY 3397
KY 3398
KY 3399
3400-3499
KY 3400
KY 3401
KY 3402
KY 3403
KY 3404
KY 3405
KY 3406
KY 3407
KY 3408
KY 3409
KY 3410
KY 3411
KY 3412
KY 3413
KY 3414
KY 3415
KY 3416
KY 3417
KY 3418
KY 3419
KY 3420
KY 3421
KY 3422
KY 3423
KY 3424
KY 3425
KY 3426
KY 3427
KY 3428
KY 3429
KY 3430
KY 3431
KY 3432
KY 3433
KY 3434
KY 3435
KY 3436
KY 3437
KY 3438
KY 3439
KY 3440
KY 3441
KY 3442
KY 3443
KY 3444
KY 3445
KY 3446
KY 3447
KY 3448
KY 3449
KY 3450
KY 3451
KY 3452
KY 3453
KY 3454
KY 3455
KY 3456
KY 3457
KY 3458
KY 3459
KY 3460
KY 3461
KY 3462
KY 3463
KY 3464
KY 3465
KY 3466
KY 3467
KY 3468
KY 3469 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3470
KY 3471 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3472
KY 3473
KY 3474 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3475 ( removed 2014 )
KY 3476
KY 3477
KY 3478
KY 3479
KY 3480
KY 3481
KY 3482
KY 3483
KY 3484
KY 3485
KY 3486
KY 3487 ( removed 2021 )
KY 3488
KY 3489
KY 3490
KY 3491
KY 3492
KY 3493 ( removed 1999 )
KY 3494 ( removed 2000 )
KY 3495
KY 3496
KY 3497
KY 3498
KY 3499- from KY 98 in Scottsville to US 31E near Scottsville ( established 1989 )
3500-5999
KY 3500- from KY 1147 at Petroleum to KY 100 in Scottsville ( established 1989 )
KY 3501
KY 3502
KY 3503
KY 3504
KY 3505
KY 3506
KY 3507
KY 3508
KY 3509
KY 3510
KY 3511
KY 3512
KY 3513
KY 3514
KY 3515
KY 3516
KY 3517
KY 3518
KY 3519- from US 68 Bus . in Russellville to US 431 near Epleys Station
KY 3520- from US 60 near West Future City to US 60 near Paducah ( established 2002 )
KY 3521- from TN 174 at the Tennessee state line to KY 482 near Adolphus ( established 2005 )
KY 3522- from US 41 to near Henderson
KY 3523- from US 127 near Monterey to KY 355 near Monterey ( established 2001 )
KY 3524- US 68 in Edmonton to KY 80 in Edmonton
KY 3525
KY 3526
KY 3527
KY 3528
KY 3529- from KY 3520 near Paducah to US 60 near Paducah ( established 2003 )
KY 3531
KY 3532 ( short-lived route that existed from January 2017 to July 2017 )
KY 3533
KY 3534
KY 3535
KY 3536
KY 3538 ( established 2021 )
KY 3539
KY 3541
KY 3543
KY 3545- Spur from KY 70 in Morgantown ( established 2011 )
KY 3545- Spur from US 150 in Stanford ( established 2016 )
KY 3545- from KY 1505 / KY 3275 near Conway to KY 3105 near Conway ( established 2016 )
KY 3547- from KY 52 to KY 499 ( established 2018 )
KY 3548- from KY 355 near Gratz to KY 22 at Pleasant Home ( established 2012 )
KY 3549- from KY 845 near Monterey to KY 22 near Owenton ( established 2012 )
KY 3550
KY 3552
KY 3558
KY 3560
KY 3568
KY 3571
KY 3600- from KY 1297 near Glasgow to US 68 / KY 80 / US 68 Bus . in Glasgow ( established 2015 )
KY 3606
KY 3608
KY 3611- from KY 743 in Chalybeate to KY 101 in Chalybeate ( established 2011 )
KY 3629
KY 3630- from KY 578 at Greenmount to US 421 / KY 30 at Tyner ( established 2011 )
KY 3677
KY 3680 ( established 2019 )
KY 3716
KY 3886 ( established 2017 )
KY 3900 ( established 2020 )
KY 6319- Spur from KY 1747 in Louisville ( established 1991 )
See also
List of primary state highways in Kentucky
External links
Kentucky Transportation Cabinet - Division of Planning
3000
State3001
William Johnston ( 1819May 1 , 1866 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1863 to 1865 .
Biography
Born on the island of Ireland ( the entirety of which was then part of the U.K. ) in 1819 , Johnston immigrated to the United States and settled in Ohio .
He attended the public schools .
He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar and practiced in Mansfield , Ohio , from 1859 to 1863 .
Johnston was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress ( March 4 , 1863 – March 3 , 1865 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress .
He resumed the practice of law .
Death
He died in Mansfield , Ohio , May 1 , 1866 .
He was interred in Mansfield Cemetery .
Sources
1819 births
1866 deaths
Politicians from Mansfield , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The 1964 Macdonald Brier , the Canadian men 's national curling championship , was held from March 4 to 8 , 1964 at the Charlottetown Forum in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island . A total of 13,573 fans attended the event , which was the smallest attended Brier since 1952 . This is the only time to date that PEI has hosted a Brier .
Team British Columbia , who was skipped by Lyall Dagg captured the Brier Tankard by finishing round robin play with a 9–1 record . This was the second time in which BC had won the Brier with their previous championship being in 1948 .
Dagg and his rink would go onto represent Canada in the 1964 Scotch Cup , which they won .
Teams
The teams are listed as follows :
Round robin standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Atlantic Time ( UTC-04:00 )
Draw 1
Monday , March 2 3:00 PM
Draw 2
Monday , March 2 8:00 PM
Draw 3
Tuesday , March 3 9:30 AM
Draw 4
Tuesday , March 3 3:00 PM
Draw 5
Wednesday , March 4 3:00 PM
Draw 6
Wednesday , March 4 8:00 PM
Draw 7
Thursday , March 5 9:30 AM
Draw 8
Thursday , March 5 3:00 PM
Draw 9
Thursday , March 5 8:00 PM
Draw 10
Friday , March 6 9:30 AM
Draw 11
Friday , March 6 3:00 PM
References
External links
Video :
Macdonald Brier , 1964
The Brier
Sports competitions in Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
Macdonald Brier
Macdonald Brier
Sport in Charlottetown
Neil Slatter ( born 30 May 1964 , in Cardiff ) is a Welsh former professional footballer , who played at left back . He began his career with Bristol Rovers in 1980 , where he remained for five years before moving on to Oxford United . He also had a loan spell with AFC Bournemouth in 1990 , and ended his career after making a single appearance for Gloucester City .
Early Life
He was a pupil at Ton-Yr-Wren Primary School and Llanishen High School .
Rise to fame
At the age of 16 Slatter furthered his career by being spotted and being chosen to play for the Wales national football team along with Ian Rush and Mark Hughes . Slatter became the youngest player to represent Wales at that time . In all , he was capped 21 times for his country .
Health Issues
Slatter suffered a severe knee injury which ended his career in 1991 at the age of 27 .
Present Day
Slatter now lives in his home town of Cardiff with his wife Alyson and daughters Lauren and Chloe , where he has worked as a policeman for over 15 years .
References
Living people
1964 births
Welsh footballers
Wales international footballers
Bristol Rovers F.C . players
Gloucester City A.F.C . players
Oxford United F.C . players
AFC Bournemouth players
Association football defenders
Hanningfield Reservoir is a large pumped storage reservoir located between Billericay and Chelmsford in Essex . It has a surface area of and is owned and operated by Essex and Suffolk Water .
The reservoir is part of a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest . The site is also owned by Essex and Suffolk Water and is run by them in conjunction with the Essex Wildlife Trust . The reservoir is covered by a Bird Sanctuary Order .
Description
Hanningfield is the 11th largest reservoir in England with an area of . The reservoir has a limited natural water catchment area and is principally supplied with water abstracted from the River Chelmer and River Blackwater at Langford about north east of Hanningfield . Water is pumped from Langford at up to 240 Ml/day through a diameter underground pipeline .
The Hanningfield scheme was a joint venture by the South Essex Waterworks Company and the Southend Waterworks Company . The reservoir was built in an area known as Sandon Valley , construction was started in 1951 and entailed flooding an area of South Hanningfield covering the ancient hamlet of Peasdown . Giffords Farm and Fremnells Manor were also demolished . The reservoir was completed by W. & C. French in 1957 at a cost of about £6m ; the reservoir took 200 days to fill with water . The dam is long . It is an earth dam with a core of puddled clay , the inner wall is concreted to mitigate erosion by wave action .
The South Essex Waterworks Company and the Southend Waterworks Company merged to form the Essex Water Company in 1970 . In 1994 the Essex Water Company merged with Suffolk Water Company to form Essex and Suffolk Water .
Hanningfield Water Treatment Works
Hanningfield Water Treatment Works was built adjacent to the reservoir . This treats and delivers 210 Ml/day of potable water to south Essex and Southend-on-Sea . The original plant comprised four circular accelerators , as the demand increased so vertical flow softening tanks were installed from 1970 to 1973 . Further filters were commissioned in 1983 .
The raw water contains algae , organic matter , pesticides , and is too hard . These are treated and removed prior to distribution . The treatment entails clarification , carbonate removal , filtration and polishing . Raw water from the reservoir is treated with ozone then dosed with a coagulant and flocculant . The water flows to three pulsators where organic substances are removed . It is then dosed with lime and pumped to the base of one of eight gyrazurs – a granular contact mass reactor – where carbonate is removed . Water is then dosed with sulphuric acid to reduce alkalinity and flows to dual media sand filters where remaining particulates are removed . Water is then dosed with ozone and flows through granular activated carbon filters . After dosing with chloramine it is stored in a large contact tank . Prior to distribution the water is dosed with phosphoric acid to reduce the dissolution of lead in the distribution system .
Nature and recreation
Large parts of the reservoir and surrounding countryside have been developed as a nature reserve . There are many footpaths in the woodland around the water where wildlife can be seen , and hides have been erected , with views of the visiting and resident birds . The public can use the reservoir for seasonal fly fishing both from the bank and from boats , providing a fishing permit is bought in advance . The water is regularly stocked with rainbow trout ; the heaviest fish ever caught , in 1998 , weighed .
There are two cafés at each end of the reservoir : the newer , opened in 2007 , is next to the fishing lodge with a deck overlooking the water , and the other is at the Essex Wildlife Trust visitors ' centre .
Wildlife
The reservoir has a nationally important population of gadwalls , and it also has significant numbers of pochards , teal , tufted ducks and pintails . The chalk sludge lagoon has several unusual plants , including golden dock and marsh dock , and there is a rare moss Brachythecium mildeanum at the foot of the southern dam .
References
External links
Hanningfield Reservoir photographs
Peasdown Hamlet
Magic Map
Essex Wildlife Trust
Reservoirs in Essex
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Essex
Drinking water reservoirs in England
New Mountain Capital ( “ New Mountain ” ) is a New York City-based alternative investment manager with private equity , credit , public equity and net lease strategies . As of January 2021 , New Mountain 's aggregate assets under management totaled over $ 30 billion across all investment strategies .
History
New Mountain Capital was founded in 1999 by Steve Klinsky , formerly a top partner at private equity firm Forstmann Little who in the early 1980s co-founded the first private equity group at investment bank Goldman Sachs .
In August 2010 , New Mountain acquired the Mallinckrodt Baker chemical company from health care company Covidien , and renamed the company as Avantor . Also in 2010 , New Mountain acquired enterprise software developer Red Prairie . Also in 2010 , New Mountain founded a private business development corporation , New Mountain Finance Corporation .
In November 2012 , New Mountain merged its software company RedPriarie with JDA Software Group .
In 2014 , the company closed its $ 4.13 billion New Mountain Partners IV fund .
In April 2015 , New Mountain acquired cleaning chemicals company Zep , Inc. for $ 692 million , and took the company private .
In 2017 , New Mountain closed its $ 6.15 billion New Mountain Partners IV fund .
In May 2019 , New Mountain 's chemical company Avantor went public with a $ 3.8 billion initial public offering , which gave the company a market capitalization of $ 7.62 billion . In August , New Mountain acquired workflow automation company Ontario Systems ( now Finvi ) from Arlington Capital Partners .
In December 2020 , New Mountain took a majority ownership stake in Tinuiti , an advertising and digital marketing agency targeting clients doing business with Google , Facebook and Amazon.com .
In January 2021 , New Mountain announced it had collected over $ 10 billion across two new funds , including a $ 9.6 billion flagship private-equity vehicle , its largest fund to date , and a $ 640 million pool earmarked for non-controlling stakes in companies . In September , New Mountain 's company JDA Software ( now known as Blue Yonder ) was acquired by Japanese conglomerate Panasonic for $ 7.1 billion .
Services
New Mountain Capital specializes in private equity , private credit and net lease real estate . Its private equity business is known for buying and growing small and midsized companies through acquisitions , and has never had an investment default .
The company 's net lease business , New Mountain Net Lease , invests in sale-leaseback projects .
New Mountain 's private business development corporation ( BDC ) , New Mountain Finance Corporation , had reportedly more than $ 2.65 billion assets under management as of July 2019 .
The company sells collateralized loan obligations ( CLO ) through its subsidiary New Mountain Credit CLO Advisers LLC .
Notable investments
Avantor
Blue Yonder
Finvi
Tinuiti
Zep , Inc .
References
Private equity firms of the United States
Financial services companies established in 1999
Les Amazones de Guinée ( The Amazons of Guinea ) are a Guinean all-woman musical group . The band 's members are all female militia soldiers in Guinea .
After Guinea gained independence from France in 1958 , the country 's first president , Sékou Touré , announced a cultural policy of authenticité . As part of this state-sponsored effort to promote traditional West African music , the band was formed in 1961 as L'Orchestre Féminin De La Gendarmerie De Guinée . They were later renamed the Amazons of Guinea , to increase their international appeal . They won wider international attention after appearing at FESTAC 77 in Lagos alongside Stevie Wonder , Sun Ra , Donald Byrd , Gilberto Gil and Miriam Makeba .
Led by bassist Commandant Salematou Diallo , Les Amazones de Guinée combine jazz and traditional West African guitar music . When originally formed , their music was Cuban-influenced and acoustic , based around strings , bongos and congas . As the 1960s progressed , they moved to incorporate electric guitars , drum-kits and brass . The fifteen band members include lead guitarist Yaya Kouyate and rhythm guitarist N'sira Tounkara . The band recorded their first album , Au Coeur de Paris , in Paris in 1982 . Their second album , Wamato , appeared in 2008 . Their pioneering sound and story inspired Les Amazones D'Afrique , a mostly Malian female supergroup dedicated to political and feminist activism .
Albums
Au Coeur de Paris , 1982
Wamato , 2008
References
Guinean musical groups
Musical groups established in 1961
All-female bands
Female military bands
1961 establishments in Guinea
Thea Mørk ( born 5 April 1991 ) is a retired Norwegian female handball player , who last played for København Håndbold .
Mørk announced her retirement from handball in December 2018 at the age of 27 . She struggled with many injuries throughout her career .
Achievements
Norwegian Championship :
Winner : 2010/2011 , 2011/2012 , 2012/2013 , 2013/2014 , 2014/2015 , 2015/2016 , 2016/2017
Silver medalist : 2017/2018
Norwegian Cup :
Winner : 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016
Individual awards
All-Star Left Wing of Grundigligaen : 2016/2017
All-Star Left Wing of Eliteserien : 2017/2018
Personal life
She is a twin sister of Nora Mørk .
References
Norwegian female handball players
1991 births
Living people
Handball players from Oslo
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate handball players
Twin sportspeople
Twin people from Norway
Montserrat Bassa i Coll ( born 20 April 1965 ) is a Spanish politician from Catalonia who serves as Member of the Congress of Deputies of Spain .
Early life
Bassa was born on 20 April 1965 in Torroella de Montgrí , Catalonia . She is the sister of jailed Catalan minister Dolors Bassa .
Career
Bassa was director of Escola d'Adults de Figueres and later worked for the Department of Education at the ancient ruins of Empúries .
Bassa is a founding member of the Catalan Association for Civil Rights ( Associació Catalana pels Drets Civils ) which represents families of Catalan `` political prisoners and exiles '' . She contested the 2019 general election as a Republican Left of Catalonia–Sovereigntists electoral alliance candidate in the Province of Girona and was elected to the Congress of Deputies .
Electoral history
References
External links
1965 births
Women politicians from Catalonia
Independent politicians in Catalonia
Living people
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
People from Baix Empordà
Women members of the Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Aaron Lee Brooks ( born April 27 , 1990 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization . He has previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Kansas City Royals , Oakland Athletics , Baltimore Orioles , and St. Louis Cardinals , and in the Korea Baseball Organization ( KBO ) for the Kia Tigers .
Early years
Brooks attended Cajon High School in San Bernardino , California , and California State University , San Bernardino , where he played college baseball for the Cal State San Bernardino Coyotes .
Professional career
Kansas City Royals
The Kansas City Royals selected Brooks in the ninth round of the 2011 MLB draft . Through the 2013 season , Brooks had issued only 1.3 walks per nine innings pitched in total innings . The Royals invited Brooks to spring training in 2014 . They assigned him to the Omaha Storm Chasers of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) at the start of the 2014 season . Before he could pitch for Omaha , the Royals promoted Brooks to the major leagues on April 5 , 2014 . He was optioned back to Omaha on April 8 without appearing in a game . He made his MLB debut on May 3 .
Oakland Athletics
On July 28 , 2015 , Brooks and teammate Sean Manaea were traded to the Oakland Athletics for Ben Zobrist . In his first game for the Athletics , he earned his first major league win .
Chicago Cubs
On February 25 , 2016 , Brooks was traded to the Chicago Cubs for outfielder Chris Coghlan . Due to a hip contusion , Brooks missed most of the 2016 season . When healthy , he pitched for the Iowa Cubs of the PCL . He was designated for assignment by the Cubs , never playing a single game for the team , on August 22 , 2017 .
Milwaukee Brewers
The next day , the Milwaukee Brewers claimed him off waivers . He pitched for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox of the PCL , and was promoted to the major leagues on August 30 , 2018 . The very next day , Brooks was designated for assignment by the Brewers , without appearing in a game , in order to make room on the roster for the team 's acquisitions of Curtis Granderson and Gio González .
Oakland Athletics ( Second stint )
On September 3 , 2018 , he was acquired by the Athletics for cash considerations , his second stint with the organization . Brooks entered Spring training of 2019 competing for a rotation spot . He won the fifth spot in the rotation after numerous injuries sustained to other starters . On July 3 , Brooks was designated for assignment .
Baltimore Orioles
On July 6 , 2019 , Brooks was claimed off waivers by the Baltimore Orioles . After finishing the season with the Orioles , he was released to pursue an opportunity in Korea on November 12 , 2019 .
Kia Tigers
On November 14 , 2019 , Brooks signed with the Kia Tigers of the KBO League . In 23 starts for Kia in 2020 , Brooks pitched to an 11-4 record and 2.50 ERA with 130 strikeouts . On November 19 , 2020 , Brooks re-signed with the Tigers for the 2021 season , on a $ 1MM deal with a $ 200K signing bonus . Brooks worked to a 3.35 ERA in 13 starts for the Tigers in 2021 . He was released by the team on August 9 , 2021 , after traces of marijuana were found in a vape pen he had ordered online .
St. Louis Cardinals
On January 31 , 2022 , Brooks signed a minor league contract with the St. Louis Cardinals .
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Bernardino , California
Baseball players from California
Major League Baseball pitchers
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Kansas City Royals players
Oakland Athletics players
Baltimore Orioles players
Kia Tigers players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Cal State San Bernardino Coyotes baseball players
Idaho Falls Chukars players
Kane County Cougars players
Wilmington Blue Rocks players
Northwest Arkansas Naturals players
Omaha Storm Chasers players
Nashville Sounds players
Iowa Cubs players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Once Upon a Time ( ) is a Chinese romantic drama fantasy film produced by Alibaba Pictures and directed by Zhao Xiaoding and Anthony LaMolinara . It is based on the fantasy novel Three Lives Three Worlds , Ten Miles Peach Blossoms , also known as To the Sky Kingdom , by TangQi Gongzi . The film stars Liu Yifei and Yang Yang . Originally slated to be released in China on 21 July 2017 , the film 's release date was later pushed back to 3 August 2017 .
Plot
70,000 years ago , fox goddess Bai Qian was a disciple of Mo Yuan , the God of War . Using the name Si Yin , Bai Qian fell in love with her master . During a battle with the Demon Tribe 's King , Mo Yuan sacrificed himself in order to seal away the Demon King . His soul was scattered and his body became preserved in a block of ice . Bai Qian took Mo Yuan 's body back to Qing Qiu , a mystical land where her family lives , where she awaited his eventual awakening and return .
One day , Bai Qian attends a banquet where she saves a boy named Ah Li from getting kidnapped . She also meets his father , the Crown Prince of the Heaven Tribe and her betrothed . Upon seeing Bai Qian , he calls her by the name of a mortal woman he had fallen in love with 300 years prior and Ah Li 's mother , Su Su . Shortly after , Ye Hua and Ah Li arrive in Qing Qiu in an attempt to bond with her . During his stay , he comes to the conclusion that Bai Qian was Su Su , and is saddened yet relieved that she does not remember their painful past . Realizing that they have developed a mutual liking for each other , Ye Hua and Bai Qian decide to wed. Bai Qian eventually learns from Ye Hua 's side concubine , Su Jin , that Su Su had committed suicide and comes to believe that Ye Hua is only marrying her because he feels guilty .
Due to an artifact given to her by Ye Hua , Bai Qian 's memories as Su Su are regained . 300 years ago , Bai Qian was forced to undergo a heavenly trial . With her powers and memories locked away , she started a new life as Su Su and subsequently met Ye Hua . He snuck Su Su into the Heaven Tribe where he abandoned her and left Su Su to work as a maid . After being falsely accused of a crime by Su Jin , Ye Hua gouged out Su Su 's eyes as retribution . Su Su came to believe that Ye Hua no longer loved her and later committed suicide shortly after giving birth to Ah Li . Because she is immortal , Bai Qian 's body returned to Qing Qiu where she drank a healing water to forget her life as Su Su . In reality , Ye Hua had broken the laws of Heaven by falling in love with a mortal . In order to protect her from the consequences of his actions , Ye Hua disguised Su Su as a maid and left her alone in the palace to keep up the charade . Su Jin discovered Su Su was actually Ye Hua 's human lover and framed her for a crime . Ye Hua was forced to blind Su Su and endured her original punishment which was to be struck by lightning .
Still heartbroken about her memories as Su Su , Bai Qian refuses to see Ye Hua who waits in Qing Qiu for days . Hearing that Qing Cang has broken free , Ye Hua takes it upon himself to defeat the Demon King . Bai Qian learns of his plans and witnesses Ye Hua sacrificing himself to lock up Qing Cang . Ye Hua 's body drifts into a freezing river and floats away under the ice as Bai Qian watches in tears . Ye Hua 's sacrifice allows Mo Yuan to awaken , as Ye Hua was the final piece of Mo Yuan 's scattered soul . Mo Yuan and Bai Qian are happily reunited .
Cast
Liu Yifei as Bai Qian / Si Yin / Su Su
Yang Yang as Ye Hua / Mo Yuan
Luo Jin as Zhe Yan
Yan Yikuan as Qing Cang
Li Chun as Su Jin
Gu Xuan as Xuan Nu
Peng Zisu as Ah Li ( Bai Chen )
Chen Xingxu
Production
On 16 June 2015 , it was announced that Liu Yifei will play the leading role of Bai Qian / Si Yin / Su Su . The role of Ye Hua , the male lead , was announced to be portrayed by Yang Yang on 29 October .
Principal photography started on 18 December 2015 , and wrapped on 21 March 2016 . The dress design of the film was Lawrence Xu .
Soundtrack
Release
The film is scheduled for release in China ( 3 August ) , Vietnam ( 4 August ) , Cambodia ( 4 August ) , North America ( 11 August ) , Myanmar ( 11 August ) , Malaysia ( 17 August ) , UK ( 18 August ) , Singapore ( 24 August ) , Australia ( 31 August ) , Germany , Thailand , South Korea ( in September ) and Japan .
Box office
The film 's opening day gross was . It grossed a total of US $ 82,3 million in China . Variety reported that Once Upon a Time would open in North American screens on 11 August 2017 . It grossed US $ 485,728 in North America . Wanda Vietnam company reported that Once Upon a Time have collected VND10 billion ( US $ 440,000 ) after 9 days released , it can be considered very impressive in box office Vietnam . It collected US $ 13,732 in UK , and was last reported to have collected US $ 54,932 in Australia .
Awards and nominations
See also
Eternal Love
References
External links
2017 romantic drama films
Chinese romantic fantasy films
Films based on Chinese novels
Alibaba Pictures films
Films based on fantasy novels
Chinese romantic drama films
Chinese 3D films
2017 3D films
IMAX films
2017 films
2010s romantic fantasy films
Three Lives Three Worlds , Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms
Anthony Grant , D.C.L . ( 31 January 1806 – 25 November 1883 in Ramsgate ) was an English clergyman and divine .
Life
Grant was the youngest son of Thomas Grant of Portsea , Portsmouth . He was born 31 January 1806 , was sent to Winchester College in 1815 , and on 17 February 1825 matriculated as a scholar of New College , Oxford , becoming fellow in 1827 . He was also president of the Oxford Union . As a member of this college Grant did not go out in the university class lists , but he obtained the chancellor 's Latin essay in 1830 , and the Ellerton theological prize essay in 1832 . He proceeded B.C.L . in 1832 , and D.C.L . 1842 . In 1834 he was ordained , and two years later became curate of Chelmsford ; from 1838 to 1862 he was vicar of Romford ( St Edward the Confessor ) , Essex , and from 1862 to 1877 vicar of Aylesford , Kent . In 1843 he was Bampton lecturer at Oxford University , and delivered a course entitled The Past and Prospective Extension of the Gospel by Missions to the Heathen , London , 1844 . These lectures created a powerful impression , and their publication marks an epoch in the history of mission work . In 1845 Grant was made Prebendary of Reculversland in St Paul 's Cathedral which he resigned in 1846 on being appointed archdeacon of St. Albans , the archdeaconry of Rochester being annexed to it in 1863 ; in 1852 and 1861 he was select preacher at Oxford ; in 1860 he became canon of Rochester Cathedral , and in 1877 chaplain to the bishop of St. Albans . In 1882 he resigned his archdeaconry of Rochester , but retained that of St. Albans and his canonry till his death , which took place at Ramsgate 25 Nov. 1883 . He married in 1838 Julia , daughter of General Peter Carey .
Grant was remarkable for his administrative capacity , and was a good preacher .
Works
Besides his Bampton lectures and a few separate sermons , Grant published :
The Extension of the Church in the Colonies and Dependencies of the British Empire , Ramsden sermon for 1852 .
An Historical Sketch of the Crimea , 1855 .
The Church in China and Japan , a sermon with introductory preface , 1858 .
Within the Veil , and other Sermons , edited after his death in 1884 by his son , the Rev . Cyril Fletcher Grant .
References
1806 births
1883 deaths
People educated at Winchester College
Fellows of New College , Oxford
Alumni of New College , Oxford
Presidents of the Oxford Union
Archdeacons
English chaplains
English religious writers
19th-century English historians
19th-century English Anglican priests
People from Aylesford
The Funivie di Savona ( Savona cableways ) is a coal cable transport from Savona to a storage facility in Bragno , Cairo Montenotte , Italy . The original line was completed in 1912 from the Port of Savona and it was 18km long . At the time of completion it was the longest air transport line in the world . The line was doubled in 1936 . Today the line is 17km as the section from the port to the San Rocco section of Savona has been buried .
References
Cable cars in Italy
1912 establishments in Italy
The , signed as Route 16 , is one of the routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area . It is a radial route that travels in an east to west direction from central Osaka , to Suminoe-ku , with a total length of .
See also
References
External links
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
16
1965 establishments in Japan
Coccothrinax cupularis is a palm which is endemic to southern Cuba .
Henderson and colleagues ( 1995 ) considered C. cupularis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama .
References
cupularis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
The Gabinet de les Arts Gràfiques , in English Graphic Arts Cabinet , is a museum opened in 1942 and located in the Palau Reial de Pedralbes in Barcelona . Together with Museu de les Arts Decoratives and the Museu Tèxtil i d'Indumentària is part of the Disseny Hub Barcelona .
Palau Reial de Pedralbes
The palace has its origins in the old Masia ( mas or Provençal farmhouse ) de Can Feliu , from the 17th century . The corresponding land was acquired by the count Eusebi Güell , along with the neighbouring Can Cuiàs de la Riera . Together they formed the Finca
Güell , an extensive parcel of land ( 30,000 m2 ) . The Can Feliu building was remodeled by the architect Joan Martorell i Montells , who built a Caribbean-style small palace , together with a Gothic-style chapel and surrounded by magnificent gardens . Later the building remodeling was given to Antoni Gaudí , together with the construction of a surrounding perimeter wall and the side entry pavilions .
Gaudí also partially designed the gardens surrounding the palace , placing two fountains and a pergola and planted many Mediterranean plants like palm trees , cypress trees , magnolias , pine trees and eucalyptus . The Font d'Hércules ( Hercules fountain ) still exists today on site , restored in 1983 ; it has a bust of Hercules on top of a pillar with Catalonia 's shield and a spout in the shape of a Chinese dragon .
In the Palau Reial de Pedralbes ( Diagonal , 686 ) are placed the DHUB Museums , and you can visit the permanent exhibitions of Museu Tèxtil i d'Indumentària and a permanent exhibition of the Museu de les Arts Decoratives . which later will be passed to the building of Glòries .
History
In 1942 , the Museu d'Arts , Indústries i Tradicions Populars created a popular engraving department , using the wood engraving blocks assembled by the Board of Museums before the war . In 1968 , due to a growing contribution of diverse materials ( machines , moulds , blocks and printed materials ) this small museum , located in the Poble Espanyol , began to expand its radius of operation and adopted the name Secció de Gravat i Arts Gràfiques . In 1974 it expanded once again to house an active print shop and was renamed the Museu del Llibre i de les Arts Gràfiques , although the operative opening of the print shop did not happen until 1981 .
The museum now forms part of the Disseny Hub Barcelona , and its collections have been relocated to their present home in the repository of the Palau de Pedralbes .
Collections
The collections of the museum bring together significant samples of typography such as punches , matrices and tracing plates , as well as , prints that include samples of binding , packaging , labels and posters .
Important printers such as ; Elzeviriana , Bobes , Seix Barral and Tobella , Naips Comas ( the makers of playing cards ) , Tallers Roca ( the industrial bookbinders ) and the Neufville type foundry , have contributed to the museum 's expanding resources . In addition , certain artists and their families , have also donated graphic works and engraving moulds – as is the case of Miquel Plana and the families of Josep Obiols and Miquel Llovet . The collection is presented during exhibitions and study galleries programmed by Disseny Hub Barcelona .
The concept that initiated the Study Galleries was to create an area that combines the ideas of a temporary exhibition , a documentation centre and a museum repository but that has its own identity . Various objects are assembled according to their typologies and presented in a way that allows visitors to study , contemplate and reflect upon the museums collections .
Exhibits
Posters . Collection at the Gabinet de les Arts Gràfiques .
The Collection at the Gabinet de les Arts Gràfiques which includes 146 posters displayed in two distinct galleries . The first organizes posters in a historical context that brings together Spanish graphic designs from 1880 until 1980 . The second space is organized thematically , and includes posters created by the youngest designers of the 1960s and organized according to their function , characteristics , genres , elements ( colour ) , components ( typography , photography , illustration ) and formats . When deciding which posters would become part of this study gallery , the curator Raquel Pelta ( of the Foundation for the History of Design ) , took into account the value of the work from a graphic design perspective : the value of the elements of the whole , the innovative character in regards to the moment in which it was created and the balance between form and function . Direction : Marta Montmany Curator : Raquel Pelta , with the collaboration of Anna Calvera .
References
Further reading
A Guide to the Museums of Catalonia . Barcelona : Department of Culture , Generalitat de Catalunya , 2000 , p. 62. .
External links
Gabinet de les Arts Gràfiques
Museums in Barcelona
Disseny Hub Barcelona
Typography
Art museums and galleries in Catalonia
Media museums
HK Bosna is an ice hockey club from Sarajevo , Bosnia . The club was founded in 1980 , and is the most established hockey club in the country . The club is part of the University Sport Society USD Bosna ( ) .
Honours
Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League :
Winners ( 2 ) : 2003 , 2011 .
History
Plans to get hockey in Bosnia and Herzegovina go back to the 1950s . However , this was not to be until later . HK Bosna was established on September 11 , 1980 , though it was relatively weak , being defeated by HK Spartak 59–1 and by HK Skopje 28–2 . The club was boosted by the Olympics held in 1984 . That same year , on February 3 , the club entered the top tier of the Yugoslav Hockey League . The team got its revenge against Spartak that year , winning by 3–2 . Hockey became quite popular in Sarajevo , as home games gathered thousands of spectators . The club brought in players from abroad to play for it . A notable win came against HK Olimpija , by 3–2 in front of some 8,000 fans . The best result of the club was in the 1986–1987 season . The quick success was short-lived , as the club fell into financial difficulties , resulting in its leaving of the league after the 1987–1988 season . The club , though not very competitive , continued to exist thanks to the enthusiasm of a number of supporting players and fans .
The club and hockey in general in Bosnia and Herzegovina came into grim times in the 1990s due to the Bosnian War . In 1993 the home ice , Zetra , was destroyed . Thanks to HK Bosna , the BiH Ice Hockey Federation was formed that year . Zetra was rebuilt in 1998 , and the club was quickly resurrected . Currently the club has both senior and junior sections .
Season by season record
Yugoslav Ice Hockey League
1985–1986 – 7th place
1986–1987 – 5th place
1987–1988 – 9th place
Bosnia-Herzegovina Hockey League
2002–2003 – 1st place
Ice hockey teams in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Sport in Sarajevo
1980 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Yugoslav Ice Hockey League teams
Ice hockey clubs established in 1980
Hans J. van Ommeren Dekker ( born January 18 , 1947 , in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch theoretical physicist in the line of Dirk Polder , Ralph Kronig , and Nico van Kampen . His scientific work inter alia involves laser theory , path integrals in curved spaces , nonequilibrium statistical mechanics , dissipation in quantum mechanics , and hydrodynamic turbulence . He is director of the Private Institute for Advanced Study and professor emeritus at the Institute for Theoretical Physics of the University of Amsterdam .
Biography
Dekker studied physics at Delft University of Technology , in Delft , Netherlands , where he did research in acoustics in the group of Cornelis W. Kosten , and in electron optics with : nl : Jan Bart Le Poole .
In 1968 he was also chief editor of the Delft student periodical Het Orakel ( for which he inter alia wrote a story about the first successful heart transplantation by Christiaan Barnard , Kaapstad , South Africa ) while he spent the summer of 1970 with an IAESTE/Nuffic grant working on thermoluminescent dosimeters at Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) , Muscle Shoals , Alabama , United States .
He completed his studies in theoretical physics under the supervision of Dirk Polder ( solid-state physics ) , Ralph Kronig ( quantum electrodynamics ) , and Jaap Kokkedee ( quantum field theory and general relativity ) .
Dekker then joined the staff of the Netherlands Physics Laboratory TNO , in The Hague , where he became head of the Theoretical Physics Group in 1971 . Of prime interest at that time was the quantum theory of the laser and in the early seventies he thus got involved in the Synergetics summerschools in Erice , Sicily , Italy , on co-operative phenomena in complex systems , and in 1976 he was visiting scientist at the University of Stuttgart , Germany , in the group of Hermann Haken . In the later seventies his interest in stochastic laser theory lead to several papers on path integrals for nonlinear processes , also in curved Riemannian spaces . Meanwhile he also proposed a mathematical model in theoretical biology on rodent population dynamics .
In 1980 he received a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Nico van Kampen at Utrecht University , Netherlands , concerning the systematic expansion of the master equation for Markov stochastic processes including a critical point ( see also ) . At about the same time Dekker wrote his monograph 'Classical and quantum mechanics of the damped harmonic oscillator ' , published in 1981 as a Physics Reports volume , which has become a standard reference for dissipation in quantum mechanics .
During 1981–1982 Dekker was NATO/Fulbright visiting professor at the Department of Chemistry , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Boston , United States , with : de : Irwin Oppenheim , and at the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) , in La Jolla , United States , with Kurt E. Shuler . He further was guest scientist at IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center , Yorktown Heights United States , in 1988 , with Rolf Landauer ( on nonequilibrium stochastic processes ) and Martin Gutzwiller ( on functional integration ) .
In 1989 he became Lorentz- : nl : van Iterson Professor at the Institute for Theoretical Physics ( at the time headed by Hans Capel ) of the University of Amsterdam . His inaugural lecture ( English title : ‘ Certain limitations ' ) is a plea for the concept of stochastic processes , both classical and quantum mechanical ( see , e.g. , the Capita selecta on 'Dissipative quantum processes ' and also the book chapter ‘ An educated game of chance in physics ' ) .
Dekker inter alia was visiting professor at the International Center for Theoretical Physics ( ICTP ) in Trieste , Italy , in 1987 and 1996 ( with Lawrence Schulman , on dissipative quantum tunneling ; see also ) and invited lecturer at the Centennial Meeting of the Fondation Schlumberger/Louis de Broglie in : fr : Les Treilles , France , in 1992 ( with Tony Leggett , on 'Mesoscopic physics : from dissipative quantum mechanics to non-equilibrium thermodynamics ' ) .
Since 1998 Dekker also is director of the Private Institute for Advanced Study , in Amsterdam , where he inter alia worked on the stochastic theory of hydrodynamic turbulence and studied the Einstein-Maxwell electron radius in general relativity ( and for which he became involved in the dynamical problems with the new Combino trams of the Amsterdam Transportation Authority GVB ) .
Research highlights
Fokker–Planck equation for a laser with inhomogeneous dissipation and excitation ( 1976 ) .
Systematic expansion of the markovian master equation near a critical point ( 1980 ) .
Proof of identity of Graham Robert Graham ( physicist ) and Dekker covariant lattice propagators ( 1981 ) .
Unstable state dynamics : a systematic evaluation of the master equation ( 1982 ) .
Fundamental constraint on quantum mechanical diffusion coefficients ( with M.C . Valsakumar , 1984 ) .
Exact solution of the spectral divergence problem for the quantum mechanical damped harmonic oscillator ( 1985 ) .
Novel formulation of the dynamics of dissipative spin-boson systems in the noninteracting-blips approximation ( 1987 ) .
Discovery of the weak damping depopulation factor in an exactly solvable model for quantum tunnelling and thermal activation ( 1988 ) .
Nonequilibrium thermodynamics of metastable mesoscopic systems ( 1991 ) .
Low-dimensional theory of weak-to-strong friction turnover in thermal activation ( with A. Maassen van den Brink , 1994 ) .
Rigorous generalization of the Kramers Fokker–Planck equation from macrocanonical to microcanonical processes ( with A. Maassen van den Brink , 1997 ) .
Derivation of the temporal frequency spectrum for both normal and anomalous Kolmogorov scaling in hydrodynamic turbulence ( 2011 ) .
Awards
Nuffic Physics Award and Grant ( 1970 )
J.B . Le Poole : nl : Jan Bart Le Poole Science Award ( Delft , 1971 )
Royal Dutch Society of Science Award ( 1981 )
Fulbright Foundation Science Award ( 1981 )
NATO Fellowship Award ( 1981/1982 )
Van Schooneveld TNO Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research Prize and Medal ( The Hague , 1992 )
Panta Rhei Award ( J.M . Burgers : nl : Jan Burgers ( natuurkundige ) Centre , 1994 )
Lawrence Schulman Award ( ICTP Trieste , 1996 )
AkzoNobel Science Prize Nomination ( 1999 )
J.E . Hamilton Foundation Physics Award ( 2009 )
Publications
About 120 articles in refereed journals , and 60 in conference proceedings etc .
Book
Classical and Quantum Mechanics of the Damped Harmonic Oscillator ( North-Holland : Physics Letters Series Vol . 80 , Amsterdam , 1981 )
References
External links
https : //www.uva.nl/profiel/d/e/h.dekker/h.dekker.html ( University of Amsterdam )
https : //www.researchgate.net/profile/hans_dekker3/publications ( Research Gate )
https : //sites.google.com/view/hadekk944/homepage ( Google Sites )
https : //www.linkedin.com/in/prof-dr-ir-hans-dekker-a435b1160 ( LinkedIn )
1947 births
Living people
Scientists from Amsterdam
Delft University of Technology alumni
Utrecht University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
University of Amsterdam faculty
Theoretical physicists
20th-century Dutch physicists
21st-century Dutch physicists
Great Easton is a village and civil parish in the Uttlesford district in Essex , England .
Great Easton village is about 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of Great Dunmow , and the village of Little Easton is about to the south . Great Easton parish contains the hamlets of Gallows Green , Mill End Green and Duton Hill and shares a parish council with Tilty . The parish has a population of a few hundred people , measured at 1,035 in the 2011 census The village public house is The Swan , located close to the church . A further parish public house is The Green Man at Mill End Green . The parish church is dedicated to Saint John and Saint Giles .
History
Great Easton dates from the 12th century . The village used to be known as 'Easton ad montem ' or 'Easton atte munte ' to distinguish it from Little Easton . The suffix denotes the mound close to the church in the grounds of Easton Hall . It is believed to be the remains of a motte and bailey castle , around which the village has grown since medieval times . The mound is 130 feet ( 40 metres ) in diameter at the base and 43 feet ( 13 metres ) at the summit , and is 21 feet ( 6 metres ) high . It is surrounded by a dry ditch 45 feet wide and 5 feet deep . The mound may have been pre-Roman , Saxon or perhaps a Norman defensive motte . It was definitely in place in Norman times , as this is the period in which the name 'Eystone ad montem ' appears . Fifteenth-century houses make up most of the village today .
In the south porch of St John & St Giles church is an inscription ( VII , pos . c. 1900 ) to a man found murdered in 1830 at Handless Spring . On the South wall of the churchyard there is an inscription which reads :
Near this spot lies a murdered man
Whos remains were found in Handless Spring .
Unfold the murderous deed if you can
And the Wretch or Wretches to justice bring .
An archaeological dig on the site of the abbey in 1942 turned up the stone tombs of two monks , thought to have been killed during the sacking of the Abbey in 1215 . When their remains were examined before being reverently re-interred , it was found that one of the skeletons lacked a head .
Governance
Great Easton is part of the electoral ward called The Eastons . The population of this ward taken at the 2011 census was 1,577 .
Church
The parish church of St John & St Giles owned by Rose Toynbee of Bridge Foot house is a Grade II * listed building . It is Norman in design and was built on the site of an earlier Saxon church . It contains Roman bricks , along with many of the houses in the village . It has had many alterations , and at one time was cruciform , but the north and south transepts have disappeared , and only thickened walls indicate the position of the crossing tower . By 1460 the tower had disappeared , and the three bells that were in use were housed in a timber cupola over the west end of the nave . But this was demolished in 1899 during a major refurbishment , and a large timber tower was built , far taller than the current low brick tower installed in 1928 . It was struck by lightning , and its ancient timber was installed into many of the old Tudor houses , including the 'King Post ' of the tower installed into Essex House , with a plaque reading 'KING POST of Old Wooden Tower , GREAT EASTON CHURCH , erected 1777 , Demolished 1928 . ' This makes the post at least 235 years old , but this is only half as old as most of the houses surrounding the church .
Bert Pickford gave this account of his own unique perspective of the building of the new tower in 1928 :
`` When the new tower was being built , the bricks were hauled up using a large basket on a pulley . At the end of a day 's work , the basket was left on the ground with the rope still taken up through the top pulley , whilst the rope 's tail end was coiled up near the basket . One evening , a bunch of us boys aged between 7 and 14 were inspecting the work , or looking for mischief . I ca n't remember which , but expect it was the latter !
`` We became very interested in the basket and rope and in no time at all the rope was uncoiled and , with a little help from us all , the basket got 'lift off ' and was soon on its way to the top of the tower . This discovery was great , but to increase the entertainment and interest value , it was soon decided , without too much debating , that I , being the smallest and youngest , should view the village from above !
`` The basket came down and I jumped in , without a care in the world , and slowly was hoisted to the top . At last I was at the top and the hauling team were nearly at the gate to the village green , shouting things such as , 'What can you see ? ' and 'What 's it like ? '
`` All adventures must end , and so did ours . Eventually I was lowered to the ground , and remember the landing being a bit hard . Thinking back , it could have been a lot worse ! I do n't know how much spare 'boy power ' there was on that rope , but I am grateful that they all held on . ''
See also
Easton Lodge
The Hundred Parishes
References
The Five Parishes - a brief history of Broxted , Tilty , Great Easton and Little Easton
By Clare Squibb
External links
Villages in Essex
Civil parishes in Essex
Uttlesford
Paul Hurlburt Smart ( January 13 , 1892 – June 22 , 1979 ) was an American sailor and Olympic champion . He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , where he received a gold medal in the star class with the boat Hilarius , together with his son Hilary Smart .
Early life and education
He was born in Yarmouth County , Nova Scotia . Smart earned law degrees from both Harvard and Oxford , and while at Harvard he competed in the 1912 Olympic Trials as a pole vaulter . He won his `` H '' in hockey in 1913 and 1914 , and was on the soccer team that won the IC4A championship in 1914 . In World War I , Smart served as a lieutenant in the artillery winning the Silver Star , the Distinguished Service Cross , and the Purple Heart . After the war , he initially practiced as a lawyer , but later became an investment banker . He also served as president of the Newspaper Institute . As a yachtsman , Smart won five world championships and a gold medal at the 1948 Olympics crewing for his son , Hilary Smart . He was an alternate crew member for the Star class at the 1952 Olympics , and at the 1968 and 1972 Games he was the manager of the U.S. yachting team . In 1969 , he was given the Nathaniel G. Herreshoff Trophy for his contributions to the sport of sailing .
References
External links
1892 births
1979 deaths
People from Yarmouth County
American male sailors ( sport )
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Sailors at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Star
Harvard Law School alumni
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Alumni of the University of Oxford
United States Army personnel of World War I
United States Army officers
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross ( United States )
The 1986 NCAA Division I women 's volleyball tournament began with 32 teams and ended on December 20 , 1986 , when Pacific defeated Nebraska 3 games to 0 in the NCAA championship match .
Pacific won their second straight NCAA title in volleyball with an easy sweep of Nebraska by the scores of 15-12 , 15-4 , 15-4 .
Nebraska became the first non-California or Hawaii university to make the NCAA national championship match ( although it happened six times in the AIAW national championships in the 1970s ) . Semifinalist Texas joined Nebraska in becoming the first non-California or Hawaii universities to make the NCAA final four ( although four such others reached title matches in the 1970s ) .
Brackets
Northwest regional
South regional
Mideast regional
West regional
Final Four - Alex G. Spanos Center , Stockton , California
See also
NCAA Women 's Volleyball Championship
References
NCAA Women 's Volleyball Championship
NCAA Division I Women 's
Sports in Stockton , California
NCAA Division I women 's volleyball tournament
NCAA Division I women 's volleyball tournament
Sports competitions in California
Volleyball in California
Krzysztof Michał Sapieha ( ) ( 1607–1631 ) was a Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth nobleman , Podstoli of Lithuania ( 1630 ) , Great Lithuanian Writer ( 1631 ) .
Son of Lew Sapieha . Studied abroad . Afflicted with tuberculosis from 1624 , this illness led to his death at the age of 24 . Before his death , he had a promising career - political ( Sejm deputy of 1629 and 1630 , official from 1630 ) and literary - author of a ( now lost ) history of the False Dmitriys and a philosophical text .
Sapieha , Krzysztof Michal
Sapieha , Krzysztof Michal
Krzysztof Michal Sapieha
The Devil ( XV ) is the fifteenth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional tarot decks . It is used in game playing as well as in divination .
Symbolism
According to A.E . Waite 's 1910 book , The Pictorial Key to the Tarot , the Devil card carries several divinatory associations :
15 . THE DEVIL.—Ravage , violence , vehemence , extraordinary efforts , force , fatality ; that which is predestined but is not for this reason evil . Reversed : Evil fatality , weakness , pettiness , blindness .
In the Rider–Waite–Smith deck , the Devil is derived in part from Eliphas Levi 's famous illustration `` Baphomet '' in his Dogme et Rituel de la Haute Magie ( 1855 ) . In the Rider–Waite–Smith deck , the Devil has harpy feet , ram horns , bat wings , a reversed pentagram on the forehead , a raised right hand and a lowered left hand holding a torch . He squats on a square pedestal . Two naked demons ( one male , one female ) with tails stand chained to the pedestal . Levi 's Baphomet has bat wings , goat horns , a raised right hand , lowered left hand , breasts and a torch on his head , and also combines human and bestial features . Many modern tarot decks portray the Devil as a satyr-like creature . According to Waite , the Devil is standing on an altar .
In pre-Eliphas Levi tarot decks like the Tarot of Marseille , the devil is portrayed with breasts , a face on the belly , eyes on the knees , lion feet and male genitalia . He also has bat-like wings , antlers , a raised right hand , a lowered left hand and a staff . Two creatures with antlers , hooves and tails are bound to his round pedestal .
The Devil card is associated with the planet Saturn , and the correlating zodiac Earth sign , Capricorn .
Major arcana journey
The major arcana cards tell a story called the Fool 's journey , beginning from The Fool ( 0 ) and ending with The World ( XXI ) . The Devil comes after the fourteenth major arcana card , Temperance . The Devil represents the Fool 's involvement in materialism and complacency .
References
External links
Explains that the Devil card represents the gods Pan and Dionysis and symbolizes pleasure , abandon and excess .
The Devil from Learning the Tarot : A Tarot Book for Beginners - Joan Bunning
Devil , The
Satan
it : Il Diavolo
End of Part One : Their Greatest Hits are the first compilation album released by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet . Released on 8 November 1993 , the album serves as a comprehensive collection of the band 's single discography , featuring all sixteen singles released between 1987 and 1993 , plus two new songs— '' Shed a Tear '' and `` Cold Cold Heart '' —which were recorded by Nile Rodgers at The Hit Factory in New York City , where the album 's artwork was also shot . Both went on to be released as a single .
The album peaked at No . 4 on the UK Albums Chart . An accompanying VHS video , containing the band 's fifteen music videos to date , was released three days after the album on 11 November . In 1994 , following the release of the band 's biggest hit to date , `` Love Is All Around '' , the album was re-released containing the aforementioned song as a bonus track . Subsequently , the album re-entered the UK Albums Chart , this time peaking at No . 1 . A US-only version of the album , Part One , was released on 26 July 1994 , peaking at No . 24 on the Billboard 200 .
Tracklisting
† Edited to replace the line `` do n't waste my fucking spirit '' with `` do n't waste my angry spirit ''
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Wet Wet Wet albums
1993 greatest hits albums
Batrachorhina postmaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957 . It is known from Madagascar .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1957
Virtu may refer to :
Virtù , a theoretical concept elucidated by Niccolò Machiavelli
Virtu Financial , a high frequency trading company
Virtu Ferries , a Maltese company founded in 1988 that operates ferry services from Malta to Sicily
Virtu Foundation , a non-profit organization that supports higher level music education
The SGI Virtu , a 2008 visualization-oriented computer product line consisting of a server manufactured by Silicon Graphics and a desktop workstation marketed by Silicon Graphics and manufactured by BOXX Technologies
The 1941 season was the Hawthorn Football Club 's 17th season in the Victorian Football League and 40th overall .
Fixture
Lightning Premiership
The VFL held a lightning premiership competition for the second season in a row . The competition was held between rounds 4 and 5
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
John Phillips Cape ( 16 November 1911 – 6 June 1994 ) was an English footballer . His regular position was as a forward . He was born in Carlisle , Cumberland . He played for Penrith , Carlisle United , Newcastle United , Manchester United , Queens Park Rangers and Scarborough , as well as guesting for Carlisle United during the Second World War .
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1911 births
1994 deaths
English footballers
Carlisle United F.C . players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Manchester United F.C . players
Queens Park Rangers F.C . players
Scarborough F.C . players
Footballers from Carlisle , Cumbria
Penrith F.C . players
Association football forwards
James Alvin Jensen ( August 2 , 1918 – December 14 , 1998 ) , was an American paleontologist . His extensive collecting program at Brigham Young University in the Utah-Colorado region which spanned 23 years was comparable in terms of the number of specimens collected to that of Barnum Brown during the early 20th century . He was given the name `` Dinosaur Jim '' during the media coverage of his activities . Perhaps his most significant contribution to paleontology was to replace the 19th-century web of external metal struts , straps and posts that had been used to mount dinosaurs with a system of supports which were placed inside of bones , which produced free-standing skeletons with few or no obvious supports .
He is credited with naming and describing Supersaurus ( 1985 ) and Torvosaurus ( with Peter Galton , 1979 ) .
Life to 1956
Jensen was born in 1918 in Leamington , Utah and developed an interest as a child exploring the desert and mountains with his father . While working in the now-defunct mining town of Mercur , Utah , he met his future wife , Marie M. Merrell . Neither had finished high school , which limited their options . Casting about for ways to begin their life , they decided to take advantage of the Federal Homestead Act and settled in Seward , Alaska which was still an unpopulated frontier . They married in 1941 , and identified the plot of land that they intended to homestead .
However , in anticipation of World War II , the U.S. Army moved into Seward in July , 1941 , and started construction on Fort Raymond . The massive influx of military personnel forced many civilians , including them , to return to the `` Lower 48 '' . They settled in Salt Lake City , and had two sons . He went through a crash training program on the University of Utah campus to become a machinist and welder . Upon completing the brief program , he received an appointment as a civilian contractor from the federal government , then went to Hanford , WA to work on nuclear `` Reactor B '' pile of the Manhattan Project , after which he transferred to Pearl Harbor to work in the reconstruction . Jensen returned to Utah in 1945 , where he worked at odd jobs such as washing machine repairman , creamery man , truck driver , ceramics , gunsmith , linoleum block printing , sculpting , welder , machinist , taxidermist , inventor , and writer . During this time he met Arnie Lewis who worked at the Utah Field House of Natural History . They became friends and Lewis hired him to mount several birds of prey , later moving to the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University . In 1951 , Jensen and family went to Seward , Alaska where he worked the next five years as a dockside longshoreman .
Artist and sculptor
As an artist , he worked in most media . His pastel and acrylic paintings , reflecting his love of flowers , landscapes , and his appreciation of American Indians . His painting are hung from Alaska to Florida . In 1972 , the Humble Oil Company listed him in a publication of artists of Alaska as one of the best-known pre-WW II artist . He sculpted in stone and metal , honing skills which were useful in developing a new system for mounting dinosaurs .
Harvard University 1956 to 1961
Alfred Sherwood Romer , Harvard University , hired Jensen in 1956 , at the suggestion of Arnie Lewis . He was trained as a preparator in the Department of Vertebrate Paleontology of the Museum of Comparative Zoology . In addition to working on collections and exhibits for several departments , he participated in these collecting expeditions with Romer and Lewis during those five years :
Nova Scotia
Florida - Thomas Farm
Ichigualasto in Argentina , the first of 2 such expeditions
Texas - Boone Ranch
Pennsylvania
Ohio - Clark Hill
Drumheller , Alberta , Canada
West Virginia - Greer Quarry
Montana - Hell Creek
Wyoming - McGrew Ranch
Kronosaurus queenslandicus
In 1956 , Romer decided to mount a Kronosaurus queenslandicus skeleton and had to obtain an unusually large amount of money to do the job . This was because the weight of the final mount was estimated to exceed the carrying capacity of the floor on which it would rest , due to the large amount of steel that would be used in preparing the mount . Therefore , architects drafted plans for a large I-beam to span the entire width of the building . Then two large holes were opened in the external walls and permanent mounts were created on each wall to hold the beam . Cranes then raised and inserted the beam into the holes so that it spanned the entire floor and was then secured to the two mounts . Romer Lewis and Jensen decided how to mount Kronosaurus . Jensen had plans showing how to mount a dinosaur without visible supports , plans which relied on his talents as an artist , sculptor , house framer , machinist and welder . Romer gave his approval to attempt a free standing mount . The plans were modified to suit the actual skeleton and Kronosaurus became the first mount done anywhere without visible structural members . All supporting bars , beams and sheets of metal and wood were integrated into or behind the bones . In addition to the unique method of concealing structural elements , Jensen used a curved back wall that had no corners to create the trompe d'oeil effect of a floating skeleton . There were no corners , vertical walls , or lines which would create the impression that the Kronosaurus was standing on the floor .
Brigham Young University 1961 - 1984
When he went to Brigham Young University , he helped develop the Paleontology program . He worked in the field every summer amassing a large collection of packaged bones in matrix . He continued to refine new mounting techniques , prepared specimens , describing some , and attempted unsuccessfully to obtain funding for an earth sciences museum . The bulk of his summer work was done in Western Colorado and Utah . In addition , he went on a second six-month expedition with Harvard University to Ichigualasto , Argentina , and went to Antarctica for three months in an expedition headed up by Ohio State University . His most significant finds in Argentina and Antarctica were the holotype of Probainognathus jenseni on Chañares Formation and a maxilla of a Lystrosaurus on Coalsack Bluff .
Dry Mesa Quarry
Starting in 1972 , because of the remarkable range of species and number of specimens , he focused on Dry Mesa near Delta , in Western Colorado . He did work other locales , but the bulk of his collecting time was spent at Dry Mesa which is probably the richest dinosaur quarry discovered in North America in the second half of the 20th century .
In 1973 , Brigham Young University cooperated with producer Steve Linton and director John Linton in order to produce The Great Dinosaur Discovery , a 1-hour-long color documentary showing Jensen 's on-site finds in Dry Mesa . First released on November 13 , 1973 , in local `` Egyptian Theater '' in Delta , and subsequently aired on several USA TV channels , The Great Dinosaur Discovery was originally planned to be trimmed to about 30 minutes for educational use . Indeed , to obtain a shortened educational version , the full-length documentary was reduced to a 24-minute-long mini-film which started airing on American television channels throughout the US as of 1976 .
New dinosaurs
Following is a list of new species that Jensen described . While the descriptions are sound , his publications reflected his lack of formal training , resulting in errors made in the assignment of sauropod material from Dry Mesa . Caveat all descriptions of Ultrasauros-Ultrasaurus-Supersaurus .
He did not describe all of the new species that were identified as they were collected . Additional new species will be described for Dry Mesa as they are worked out and studied at BYU .
Publications
Although he did n't complete a formal education , Jensen starting publishing in the `` Alaska Sportsman '' in 1955 , while working as a longshoreman in Seward , Alaska .
Legacy
Free-standing mounts
The technique for mounting free-standing dinosaurs was developed by Jensen in 1957 , while participating in the mount of Kronosaurus queenslandicus .
Plastic foam casting and other experiments
Because of Jensen 's experience in manufacturing , he was aware of techniques , equipment and materials not generally used in museum displays . For example , in 1958 , he pioneered the use of a novel industrial product , `` rigid foam '' , for casting dinosaur bones as illustrated by the adjacent photo of an allosaurus skull cast in foam . He worked at the time in the Department of Vertebrate Paleontology , Museum of Comparative Zoology , in the Peabody Museum at Harvard University . By experimenting with an Allosaurus skull he refined the technique and then published his findings in 1961 .
Cooperation with rock hounds
As noted above , part of his success in finding specimens was due to his interest in `` rock hounds '' who jointly combed thousands of square miles of ground each year . He visited them every year or so , cultivating their friendship with gifts of dinosaur bones in return for information about their latest finds . In several instances , he named new dinosaurs after the person who led him to it .
Education
Another legacy was Jensen 's interest in educating the public about dinosaurs . He enthusiastically educated the public by welcoming them into his quarries each summer . He received hundreds of letters from school kids and answered them all . In spite of the fact that BYU denied Jensen a teaching role , he encouraged graduate students to take up the profession . Today , there is a small group of graduate students who became paleontologists as a result of his efforts .
BYU Museum of Paleontology
The BYU Museum of Paleontology was built around Jensen 's collection .
Ankle and foot versus feathers in arboreal life
Jensen collected `` bird '' bones in the Dry Mesa Quarry and became interested in the changes necessary for species to move from terrestrial to arboreal life . For him the sine qua non of arboreal life was not feathers . It was the ability of organisms to actually live in trees . This required that they be able to grasp branches , to build nests where they laid eggs and then reared young , and to sleep on small branches for many hours . Feathers do n't confer these advantages to the foot or ankle . He studied ankles and feet of a wide range of mammals including a recently deceased elephant which was brought to him in a refrigerated railroad car , birds , amphibians and any creatures with leg bones and feet . His conclusion was that evolution of the ankle and foot was the fundamental change which had to occur so that species could move permanently , regardless of feathers or not , from the ground into the branches of trees . His research over several years on ankles and feet of various fossil and extant species supported this hypothesis . Ultimately he wrote an article discussing his hypothesis and findings and illustrated it with his own drawings of bones . But out of pique at the time at the world of paleontology , he had the article translated into Japanese and then published it in a Japanese science magazine .
Honorary doctorate
In 1971 , Jensen was granted an honorary doctorate by Brigham Young University .
Selected works
Jensen , James A . ( 1981 ) `` A New Oldest Bird ? '' Anima : 33-39 . Tokyo .
Jensen , James A . ( 1985 ) `` Uncompahgre dinosaur fauna : a preliminary report , '' Western North American Naturalist , Vol 45 , No 4
Jensen James A . ( 2001 ) The Road to Chilecito , Launceston , Tasmania : Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery . , .
Notes
References
Books
Dinosaur Hunters by Kate McMullan , John R. Jones . New York : Random House , 1989. , .
Terrible Lizard : The First Dinosaur Hunters and the Birth of a New Science by Deborah Cadbury . New York : Holt , 2001. , .
Drawing Out Leviathan : Dinosaurs and the Science Wars by Keith M. Parsons . Bloomington : Indiana University Press , 2001. ,
Time Traveler : In Search of Dinosaurs and Other Fossils from Montana to Mongolia by Michael J. Novacek . New York : Farrar Straus Giroux ; Godalming : Melia , 2003. ,
Dinosaurs of Darkness by Thomas H. Rich and Patricia Vickers-Rich . Bloomington : Indiana University Press , 2000. ,
Articles
Ancient Monarch of the Sea , in Natural History Magazine , June 1959 , pp . 22–23
News
External links
Dinosaur Jim website - Consists of 186 unique URLs and more than 1,000 photos showing all of Jensen 's digs while at Harvard University and Brigham Young University including his trip to Antarctica where he found Lystrosaurus .
Museum Information , BYU Museum of Paleontology , Brigham Young University
Jensen 's entry on the Enchanted Learning site
Kronosaurus queenslandicus : Ancient Monarch of the Seas
`` What is an Ultrasaurus ? ''
Dinosaurs group 'S ' on Wordquests
Dinosaurs group 'T-Z ' on Wordquests
Kozak entry in the National Anthropological Archives
1918 births
1998 deaths
American paleontologists
Brigham Young University faculty
People from Leamington , Utah
Davidovica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 91 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Kalaha is a Danish band consisting of Emil de Waal ( drums ) , Niclas Knudsen ( guitar ) , Rumpistol aka Jens Berents Christiansen ( synthesizer ) and electronic producer Mikael Elkjær aka Spejderrobot ...
The band takes inspiration from Afrobeat , Anatolian rock , electronic rave music and jazz improvisation .
Kalaha has collaborated with a wide range of artists from around the world including Hilal Kaya , Uffe Lorenzen ( Spids Nøgenhat/Baby Woodrose )
In 2019 they played a show together with American bass player Bill Laswell at Black Diamond during the Copenhagen Jazz Festival .
Kalaha 's debut album `` Hahaha '' , released in 2014 , was a live recording from their first show ever as a band . Their follow-up album `` Masala '' ( 2016 ) received a Danish Music Award ( Jazz ) in the category `` Special Release of the Year '' as well as receiving airplay by Gilles Peterson on BBC Radio 6 Music .
Their third album `` Mandala '' ( 2019 ) was also well received by the critics and highlighted as album of the year in the Danish Newspaper Information . The album featured the band 's first Turkish song `` Çok Küstüm '' , which became the beginning of a long time collaboration with the Turkish singer Hilal Kaya and also secured the band some attention in Turkey .
In 2020 their single `` Eymen '' brought Kalaha a Danish Music Award ( Roots ) nomination for Danish Roots Track of The Year and their single `` Dans Det Op feat . Uffe Lorenzen was nominated as `` Song of the Year 2020 '' for the Danish Critics Award Steppeulven .
Since their 2014 debut , Kalaha has been using Danish artist Zven Balslev as their art director . Zven Balslev has also directed three of the bands music videos .
Discography
Albums
Singles & EPs
Awards
Won
2017 , Danish Music Awards – Jazz . Category : Special Release of the Year for the album `` Masala ''
2019 , Carl Prisen . Category : Roots Composer of the Year for the EP `` Mama Ngoma ''
Nominated
2017 , Danish Music Awards – World . Category : Danish World composer of the year ; Niclas Knudsen , Emil De Waal , Spejderrobot og Rumpistol ( Kalaha ) – ‘ 'Quarquaba EP '
2020 , Danish Music Awards – Roots . Category : Danish Roots Track of the Year for `` Eymen ''
2021 , Steppeulven . Category : Track of the year for `` Dans det op '' featuring Uffe Lorentzen .
References
External links
Official website
Kalaha on Spotify
Bandcamp – Rump Recordings
Bandcamp – April Records
Danish musical groups
Afrobeat musicians
Anatolian rock musicians
Sara is a 1976 American Western television series starring Brenda Vaccaro centering around a schoolteacher in Colorado in the 1870s . It aired from February 13 to May 7 , 1976 on CBS .
After Sara ended , a television movie , Territorial Men , compiled from footage shot for the weekly series , was broadcast on July 30 , 1976 .
Synopsis
In the 1870s , young , unmarried schoolteacher Sara Yarnell decides to leave behind her dull , predictable life in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and move to the Western frontier , where she can face new challenges . Answering a newspaper advertisement for a schoolteacher , she settles in Independence , Colorado , where she becomes the only teacher in a one-room schoolhouse .
Strong-willed , she fights fiercely against ignorance and prejudice that she encounters in Independence , much to the dismay of some of the more conservative local residents , who had thought they were getting a far more passive schoolteacher . She also believes strongly that education is a necessity and a right – one of her first actions after arriving in Independence is to demand new readers and a new outhouse for the school – putting her at odds with local residents who view it as an unnecessary luxury .
Her stances and actions have differing effects on the various people in her life in Independence . They offend her landlady , Martha Higgins , and draw mixed responses from schoolboard members Emmett Ferguson , Claude Barstow , and George Bailey , who also is a banker in the town . However , her principles and goals receive the approval of the towns newspaper editor , Martin Pope , and of Saras friend Julia Bailey , who also is Georges wife , as well as of Saras students , which include Marthas daughters Debbie and Emma and George and Julias son Georgie .
Cast
Brenda Vaccaro ... Sara Yarnell
Bert Kramer ... Emmett Ferguson
Albert Stratton ... Martin Pope
William Phipps ... Claude Barstow
William Wintersole ... George Bailey
Mariclare Costello ... Julia Bailey
Louise Latham ... Martha Higgins
Kraig Metzinger ... Georgie Bailey
Debbie Lytton ... Debbie Higgins
Hallie Todd ... Emma Higgins
Albert Henderson ... Samuel Higgins
Production
Michael Gleason created Sara , and George Eckstein was its executive producer . Richard J. Collins produced the show . Episode directors included William F. Claxton , Lawrence Dobkin , Daniel Haller , Gordon Hessler , Alf Kjellin , Stuart Margolin , Leo Penn , Joseph Pevney , Michael Preece , Jud Taylor , and William Wiard . Writers included Gleason , Pietra Mazza , Robert Pirosh , Katharyn Michaelian Powers , Elizabeth Wilson , and Jerry Ziegman . Lee Holdridge composed the shows theme song , `` Saras Theme . ''
Sara was based on the novel The Revolt of Sarah Perkins by Marian Cockrell .
Brenda Vaccaro received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series nomination for her performance in Sara .
Broadcast history
Sara premiered on CBS on February 13 , 1976 . It drew low ratings and was cancelled after the broadcast of its twelfth episode on May 7 , 1976 .
On July 30 , 1976 , CBS broadcast a made-for-television movie , Territorial Men , compiled from footage shot for the weekly series .
Episodes
Sources
References
External links
https : //www.imdb.com/title/tt0074051/ ? ref_=tt_ch
CBS original programming
Television series by Universal Television
1976 American television series debuts
1976 American television series endings
1970s Western ( genre ) television series
English-language television shows
Television series set in the 1870s
Television shows set in Colorado
Tommy Dale Gainey ( born August 13 , 1975 ) , also known as `` Two Gloves '' , is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour .
Early life and education
Gainey was born in Darlington , South Carolina . He attended the Central Carolina Technical College , studying industrial maintenance , and graduated in 1999 . Before becoming a professional golfer , he worked on an assembly line in South Carolina , wrapping insulation around hot water heaters for A.O . Smith Corporation .
Professional career
Early career
Gainey turned professional in 1997 , and for the next several years played golf on smaller tours in the southern United States . Gainey won four events on the Egolf Tarheel Tour , two in 2006 and one in 2007 . He also won an event on the NGA Hooters Tour , and he played on the Gateway Tour .
In 2005 , Gainey appeared on the Golf Channel 's show The Big Break IV : USA vs. Europe , being eliminated in the sixth episode . He would return to the show in 2007 for The Big Break VII : Reunion at Reunion , which he won . In 2007 , Gainey played four events on the Nationwide Tour and recorded one top-ten finish . At the end of the 2007 season , he earned a PGA Tour card through graduating from Q-School , finishing the six rounds T-19 , after going through all three elimination stages of qualifying , a total of 14 rounds . That made him the first Big Break alumnus to earn a PGA Tour card .
PGA Tour
Gainey played on the PGA Tour for the first time in 2008 , but struggled for most of the season . He made only five cuts in 23 events and was 228th on the money list , before entering the last event of the season , the Children 's Miracle Network Classic at the Walt Disney World Resort . In the last round , playing the Magnolia Course , he shot a 64 and finished second to Davis Love III by one stroke . That finish moved Gainey inside the top 150 on the money list ( to 148th , an 80-spot leap ) , which gave him conditional status for the 2009 season . Gainey re-entered the Q-School to try and gain back full playing privileges , but finished well down the leaderboard in T80th . He then split his time between both the PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour in 2009 , struggling again on the PGA Tour , making just 8 out of 15 cuts , with one top-25 finish . He ended the year 202nd on the money list , not even earning conditional status for 2010 .
Gainey returned to the Nationwide Tour in 2010 , where he played the full season . He recorded some impressive results , claiming his first Nationwide Tour title at the Melwood Prince George 's County Open in June . Gainey won the event by one stroke over Frank Lickliter and Jin Park , with weekend rounds of 64 and 65 securing victory . The following month , Gainey won his second Nationwide Tour title at the Chiquita Classic , winning by three strokes over Joe Affrunti . He shot a 10 under round of 62 in round three on the way to the win . He finished the season fourth on the Nationwide Tour money list and secured a return to the PGA Tour in 2011 .
In 2011 , Gainey missed the cut in his first three events , then made six consecutive cuts through to the end of March . At the 2011 Waste Management Phoenix Open in Scottsdale , Arizona , he was in contention late in the final round , but made a quadruple-bogey 8 on the par-4 17th hole to finish tied for 8th . He posted a fifth-place finish at the Honda Classic in Florida a month later . Gainey 's best 2011 Tour finish came at The Heritage in Hilton Head , South Carolina , when he needed a 15-foot putt on the 72nd green to tie clubhouse leader Brandt Snedeker , but missed it , finishing the event in third place . The next week on tour , Gainey finished in a tie for third again at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans , where he finished two strokes outside of a playoff . In August , due to his good play for the year , Gainey qualified to play in his first major championship at the PGA Championship at the Atlanta Athletic Club . He shot rounds of 81 and 74 to miss the cut , but bounced back with a third-place finish the next week at the Wyndham Championship . The third occasion in 2011 that Gainey had finished in the top three in an event . The result moved him to a career high of 84th in the world rankings . Gainey ended his breakthrough year with another T3rd finish at the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals for Children Open in the Fall Series . Gainey ended the year 35th on the money list . with 17 cuts and 7 top-10s in 34 events .
Gainey started the 2012 season slowly , making only three of his first ten cuts , having to withdraw twice due to injury . He did not record a top 10 finish until the end of May at the Crowne Plaza Invitational at Colonial where he finished third for the fifth time in his career on the PGA Tour . For the rest of the season , Gainey played more consistently , making nine of the next thirteen cuts , but without any significant results . Then on October 21 , 2012 , during the Fall Series , after 105 starts and 48 cuts made , Gainey won his first PGA Tour event at the McGladrey Classic . He came from seven strokes back of final round leaders Jim Furyk and Davis Love III to win by one from David Toms , after shooting a final round of 60 . Gainey had a putt from about 20 feet on the 18th green for a 59 but it missed on the right hand side .
In January 2020 , Gainey won The Bahamas Great Exuma Classic on the Korn Ferry Tour , his first professional win since 2012 . His winning score was 277 ( 11-under-par ) . He started the season with limited status on the PGA Tour as a past champion and on the Korn Ferry Tour after a T76 finish at Q School .
Personal
In December 2019 , Gainey was arrested in a major prostitution sting in Florida . Gainey was not given prison time , but was sentenced to eleven months probation , 100 hours community service , and fines of $ 6,218.60 .
Playing style , sponsors
Gainey wears black , wet-weather golf gloves , one on each hand , at all times when playing golf . He stated on October 21 , 2012 , that his father ( who introduced him to the game ) wears two gloves , and so he learned to play with them .
Gainey uses the very rare baseball grip on full shots , where he hooks his left ( top ) thumb behind his right hand ( normal position for the left thumb for a right-handed golfer is under the right thumb ) . His swing is also notably jerky and eccentric , and has been described as `` trying to kill a snake with a garden hose . '' His other 2011 sponsors included Under Armour , Adams Golf and The Dow Group . In 2012 Gainey made the switch to Callaway Clubs , and he continues to be sponsored by The Dow Group .
Professional wins ( 10 )
PGA Tour wins ( 1 )
Korn Ferry Tour wins ( 3 )
NGA Hooters Tour wins ( 1 )
2007 Bentonville Open
Egolf Tarhell Tour wins ( 4 )
2006 : Patriots Point Open ( Egolf Tarheel Tour ) , River Run Classic ( Egolf Tarheel Tour )
2007 : Oldfield Open ( Egolf Tarheel Tour )
2004 ( or 2005 ) : Egolf Tarheel Tour
Other wins ( 1 )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Results in World Golf Championships
`` T '' = Tied
See also
2007 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2010 Nationwide Tour graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from South Carolina
People from Darlington , South Carolina
People from Bishopville , South Carolina
1975 births
Living people
San Manuel Junior/Senior High School is a combined junior high and high school in San Manuel , Arizona . It , along with First Avenue and Mammoth elementary schools , comprises the Mammoth-San Manuel Unified School District .
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County , Arizona
Public middle schools in Arizona
Yuri Gagarin is a rock band from Gothenburg , Sweden . Formed in 2012 , the band consists of lead guitarist Christian `` Crille '' Lindberg , rhythm guitarist Jon Eriksson , bass guitarist Leif Göransson , synthesizer player Robin Klockerman , and drummer Stefan `` Steffo '' Johansson .
History
Yuri Gagarin were formed in Gothenburg , Sweden at the beginning of 2012 . The band began as a three-piece comprising lead guitarist Christian `` Crille '' Lindberg from Helsingborg , drummer Stefan `` Steffo '' Johansson from Kungälv , and bass guitarist Leif Göransson from Östersund . Lindberg and Johansson had met in 2001 , previously forming a doom band called Stone Serpent . Lindberg specifically decided that he wanted to form a space rock band and approached Johansson & Göransson to be part of it . The band were named after the Russian Soviet pilot and cosmonaut who became the first human in space in 1961 . Other names considered for the band were Laika ( after the first animal to enter earth 's orbit ) and Vostok-1 ( the spaceflight crewed by Gagarin ) .
Subsequently , in order to expand the band 's sound , synthesizer player Robin Klockerman from Hagfors was added , followed by rhythm guitarist Jon Eriksson from Örebro several months later .
Their first , self-titled studio album was released in October 2013 on Levande Begravd records ( who made only 500 physical copies ) , before being remixed and rereleased by Sulatron records in 2014 . Their Sea of Dust EP was then released by Ultraljud records in 2015 , followed by their second album , At the Center of All Infinity ( released by Kommun2 and Sulatron records ) , in December of the same year .
Cassette versions of the band 's second and debut albums were released by Urtod Void records in 2016 and 2017 respectively .
The band 's third studio album , The Outskirts of Reality , was released in January 2020 , through Sound Effect records in Greece and Kommun 2 records in Sweden . The album 's artwork was created by artist Påhl Sundström .
Musical style and influences
Yuri Gagarin incorporates elements of space rock , combined with other genres , such as post-metal and stoner rock . Their music features multiple overlaid guitar tracks and vintage synthesizers , with effects such as analog delay , reverb , echo , and others associated with psychedelic music .
The band 's style has been compared to that of groups such as Hawkwind , Neu ! , Nektar , Pink Floyd , and Eloy ; however , the band does not cite any specific performers as collective influences for their musical style .
Band members
Current members
Christian `` Crille '' Lindberg – lead guitar
Jon Eriksson – rhythm guitar
Leif Göransson – bass guitar
Robin Klockerman – synthesizer
Stefan `` Steffo '' Johansson – drums
Discography
Studio albums
Yuri Gagarin ( 2013 )
At the Center of All Infinity ( 2015 )
The Outskirts of Reality ( 2020 )
Extended plays
Sea of Dust ( 2015 )
References
External links
Official Yuri Gagarin Bandcamp page
Musical groups established in 2012
Musical groups from Gothenburg
Musical quartets
Space rock musical groups
Swedish progressive rock groups
Swedish psychedelic rock music groups
2012 establishments in Sweden
Staryye Balykly ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Akhmanovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 489 as of 2010 . There are 4 streets .
Geography
Staryye Balykly is located 8 km southwest of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Akhmanovo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Robert Ernest Frederick Minns ( born 18 November 1940 ) is an English former cricketer who made 20 appearances in first-class cricket matches between 1959 and 1963 .
Minns was born in British Malaya and educated in England at The King 's School , Canterbury in Kent . He made his first-class cricket debut for Kent County Cricket Club in July 1959 against Leicestershire at Maidstone , also playing several times for Kent 's Second XI during the summer . Minns went up to Corpus Christi College , Oxford and his next first-class match was for Oxford University in 1962 . He won blues in both 1962 and 1963 and played 18 times for the University in first-class matches over the two years .
Minns ' final first-class appearance was for Kent later in 1963 . In total he played in 20 first-class matches , of which two were for the county side and 18 for the University .
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Malaysian people of English descent
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Penang
Oxford University cricketers
Alumni of Corpus Christi College , Oxford
Henri Arnold Seyrig ( ; 10 November 1895 – 21 January 1973 ) was a French archaeologist , numismatist , and historian . He was the general director of antiquities of Syria and Lebanon since 1929 , and director , for more than twenty years , of the Institute of Archaeology of Beirut .
Early life
Henri was born in Héricourt , France to a liberal bourgeois industrial family . His family moved to Mulhouse when his father joined the family business , he was schooled in German . He was later sent to a French Protestant private boarding school in Normandy , Ecole des Roches , Seyrig continued his education in English at Oxford until 1914 .
During World War I , Seyrig fought at Verdun and was decorated . In 1917 Seyrig joined the Orient contingent in Salonika where he had his first encounter with archeology and left his family business . He then attended the Sorbonne where he presented a thesis about the Homeric House and in 1922 was admitted to the French School at Athens where he spent seven years as a member and was promoted to secretary general 's office .
Career
In 1929 , Seyrig was called recommended by the master of Levantine archaeology René Dussaud and was appointed General director of antiquities of Syria and Lebanon which were under French mandate . Seyrig created the French institute of archaeology in Beirut which he headed for 20 years . He moved to New York City in 1942 where he worked as a special envoy of The Free French Government until the end of the war then he returned to Beirut .
Throughout the 1950s/60s he was a visiting scholar invited by the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey , living part of the year in the United States . In 1967 he left Beirut and retired in Switzerland and continued with his wife , Hermine de Saussure , to spend part of the year in Princeton . Their children were actress Delphine Seyrig and composer Francis Seyrig .
He was awarded the medal of the Royal Numismatic Society in 1961 .
Publications
References
External links
Profile , production-scientifique.bnf.fr ; accessed 21 February 2016 .
Henri Seyrig on data.bnf.fr
1895 births
1973 deaths
People from Héricourt , Haute-Saône
French Calvinist and Reformed Christians
French archaeologists
French military personnel of World War I
Directors of the Louvre
Members of the French School at Athens
20th-century archaeologists
Phoenician-punic archaeologists
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Sigalionidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida .
Genera
Genera :
Anoplopisione Laubier , 1967
Claparedepelogenia Pettibone , 1997
Dayipsammolyce Pettibone , 1997
References
Phyllodocida
Mirth Solomon ( born 1939 ) was a New Zealand Māori netball player who competed for New Zealand in the 1963 and 1967 Netball World Cups , winning a silver and gold medal . After retiring , she played an important role in Netball Rotorua , retiring in 2016 after 15 years as its president . She was inducted into the Maori Sports Hall of Fame in 2003 .
Early life
Mirth Solomon ( née Te Moananui ) was born on 22 April 1939 in Paeroa in the Waikato region of New Zealand 's North Island . Her mother was Alma Thwaites and her father Eruini Taharua Te Moananui . She had ten siblings . After attending Paeroa College , where she participated in a wide range of sports , she was sent in 1956 to the Queen Victoria Boarding School in Auckland , which was an Anglican school for Māori girls that closed down in 2001 . In 1958 she joined the Auckland Teachers Training College , obtaining teaching qualifications . Her first teaching job was at the Pukekohe Māori School and this was followed by schools in Pukehina and Mamaku . She married Roger Solomon , a rugby coach , in 1964 and they had two daughters .
Netball career
Solomon represented Auckland at the Under-21 level in 1959 . She was selected for the Auckland A team in 1960 before moving to the Rotorua A team . She took part in selection trials for the national team in 1962 and was selected for the team in 1963 , travelling by ship to the United Kingdom to take part in the first world championships , which were held in Eastbourne , England . New Zealand won a silver medal . In the 1967 tournament , held in Perth , Australia , she was a member of the team that won the gold medal . Solomon , who had given birth not long before the event , was the tournament 's top scorer . She became known for leading the team in a victory Haka , a Māori ceremonial dance .
After retiring from competition , Solomon continued to be involved with netball at the Rotorua club . In 2001 she succeeded Taini Jamison , who had been her coach for the 1967 world championships , as president of the club , relinquishing the position in 2016 . She also became a senior-level umpire . In 2003 she had been inducted into the Maori Sports Hall of Fame .
Later career
Solomon continued to teach , becoming physical education teacher at the Rotorua Girls ' High School in 1965 . In 1969 Kaitao Intermediate School was established in Rotorua and she became a founding member of staff , retiring as Deputy Principal in 2005 .
References
1939 births
Living people
New Zealand international netball players
Date of birth missing ( living people )
1963 World Netball Championships players
1967 World Netball Championships players
Sportspeople from Paeroa
Cai Yanyan ( , born 15 November 1999 ) is a Chinese badminton player . She won her first international title at the 2017 China International tournament in the women 's singles event . Cai was the bronze medalists at the 2017 World Junior Championships and 2019 Asian Championships .
Achievements
Asian Championships
Women 's singles
BWF World Junior Championships
Girls ' singles
BWF World Tour
The BWF World Tour , which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018 , is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) . The BWF World Tour is divided into levels of World Tour Finals , Super 1000 , Super 750 , Super 500 , Super 300 ( part of the HSBC World Tour ) , and the BWF Tour Super 100 .
Women 's singles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels , the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold . It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) and played between 2007 and 2017 .
Women 's singles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women 's singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Badminton players from Beijing
Chinese female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Les Soirées de Nazelles , FP 84 , is a set of variations for piano written by the French composer Francis Poulenc . During the evenings , the composer used to sit at the piano and improvise `` portraits '' of his friends , all based on a given theme . The work was begun in 1930 , and completed at Noizay on October 1 , 1936 . At the beginning of the score , it reads :
The composition is dedicated `` to the memory of my aunt LIÉNARD , in memory of Nazelles '' . The score was published by Éditions Durand Salabert-Eschig .
Structure
Les Soirées de Nazelles are composed of eight variations and a cadence , framed by a prelude ( Preamble ) and a finale . It takes about 20 minutes to perform . A complete recording by Tom Pascale lists the titles , tempo markings and durations as follows :
References
External links
Francis Poulenc - Les Soirées de Nazelles by Patrick Jankowski ( 18 November 2014 )
Les soirées de Nazelles , FP 84 ( Poulenc , Francis ) on IMSLP
Poulenc - Soirées de Nazelles on Pianopedia
Orazio Sciortino , piano . F. Poulenc- Les Soirées de Nazelles on YouTube
Château de Noizelles
Compositions by Francis Poulenc
1936 compositions
Compositions for solo piano
Variations
Moca pelinactis is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1925 . It is found in Cameroon .
The wingspan is about 21 mm . The forewings are rather light grey , from the base to the end of the cell almost wholly suffused with light ochreous , except for a grey line beneath the pale ochreous costal edge , beyond the cell with suffused light ochreous streaks between the veins not quite reaching a curved light ochreous streak which runs from three-fourths of the costa near the margin to the tornus , and emits short lines anteriorly on the veins passing between the interneural streaks . The grey marginal streak beyond this is slightly bluish tinged . The hindwings are rather dark grey .
References
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Moths described in 1925
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of Africa
The term sheltered workshop refers to an organization or environment that employs people with disabilities separately from others , usually with exemptions from labor standards , including but not limited to the absence of minimum wage requirements .
Australia
The Australian Disability Enterprise ( ADE ) sector in Australia generally has its roots in the early 1950s when families of people with disability established sheltered workshops to provide vocational activity for people with disability . At this time employment opportunities for people with disability were extremely limited .
In 1986 , following the introduction of the Commonwealth Disability Services Act ( 1986 ) principles and objectives for service delivery was passed into legislation . This resulted in the transition from the Sheltered Workshop system to the new business services model . In 1996 , additional reforms were introduced for the purpose of improving service quality , matching service funding to the support needs of people with disability receiving assistance , and to link funding to employment outcomes . This led to a reform agenda in the ADE sector , with the introduction of legislated Quality Assurance standards that required ADEs to obtain independent verification of their compliance to these prior to receiving ongoing funding from the Australian Government . Additionally , a funding model that links payments to individual support needs was introduced .
ADEs are primarily not for profit organisations , with profits reinvested in the employees with a disability or supplementary services for these employees .
In Australia , funding can only be used to provide training and support to 'supported ' employees . This type of employment is in contrast to 'open employment ' where people with disabilities enter mainstream , competitive employment alongside people without disabilities .
In some ADEs individuals are paid as little as $ 1.79 an hour , based on the BSWAT ( Business Services Wage Assessment Tool ) , which was found to be discriminatory in 2013 and will be phased out by April 2015 . The BSWAT tool is not used in all ADEs , indeed , many ADEs argued it was unsuitable when it was first introduced . Wages are based on a percentage of award rates , according to the workplace competencies and productivity of the person with a disability in comparison to a worker without a disability . The work undertaken in ADEs is often of a kind that would generally be undertaken by automated processes and has a very low profit margin for the ADE - the purpose of the work is marketed as to not make a profit , but to allow the person with a disability the opportunity to engage in an employment environment , providing a sense of contribution and the dignity of work .
Following on from the court challenge on the discriminatory nature of the BSWAT , a large percentage of parents and employees of ADEs ( along with the relevant Peak Body , National Disability Services ) began a campaign to ensure their jobs were protected . Many raised the point that ADEs are not typical workplaces and provide significantly more support and opportunities than open employment workplaces . These parents , carers and Employees were concerned that if ADEs were forced to pay full livable award wages for employees with a disability , many would be financially unsustainable . An episode of the ABC 's Background Briefing in September 2014 discounted many of the parents and ADE 's claims as deceptive spin , for sustaining the exploitative nature of the entire scheme .
Canada
In Canada sheltered workshops are being phased out for supported employment but remain a predominant vocational model for people with intellectual disabilities , who have an employment rate of less than 30 % .
Czech Republic
In the Czech Republic , the formal definition of sheltered workshops and provisions of law providing subsidies for them were terminated by the end of 2011 . Since the beginning of 2012 , any enterprise might receive a subsidy in compensation for the reduced productivity of its disadvantaged workers .
United Kingdom
In the U.K. , the term has been replaced with social enterprise . However , the notion of 'social enterprise ' implies that the organisation would trade in the market and take on a degree of business risk , and not be completely dependent on government subsidy , as the traditional model of the sheltered workshop may allow . In this newer model , the enterprise might receive a subsidy in compensation for the reduced productivity of its disadvantaged workers , in order to allow it to compete on a `` level playing field '' with conventional firms .
United States
In the U.S. , both the term `` sheltered workshop '' and its replacement term , `` work center , '' are used by the Wage and Hour Division of the U.S. Department of Labor to refer to entities that are authorized to employ workers with disabilities at sub-minimum wages . The term has generally been used to describe facilities that employ people with disabilities exclusively or primarily .
U.S. public policy at the Federal level has shifted away from sheltered workshops in favor of “ 'administer [ ing ] services , programs , and activities in the most integrated setting appropriate to the needs of . . . individuals with disabilities . . . . [ 'T ] he most integrated setting ' is one that 'enables individuals with disabilities to interact with nondisabled persons to the fullest extent possible . . . . ' ”
Sheltered workshops in the U.S. have become the subject of criticism for being exploitative , abusive and discriminatory . In January 2011 , the National Disability Rights Network , or NDRN , issued a report titled `` Segregated and Exploited : The Failure of the Disability Service System to Provide Quality Work . '' The report charged that `` hundreds of thousands of people with disabilities are being isolated and financially exploited by their employers . ''
In March 2011 , a speech by Samuel R. Bagenstos , the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice , cited the NDRN report in explicitly criticizing the entire concept underlying the sheltered workshop . Bagenstos took the position that the principle articulated in the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Olmstead v. L.C.—which he described as `` that persons with disabilities have a right to spend their lives in the most integrated setting appropriate for them as individuals '' -- `` is just as sensibly applied to the employment setting . '' He argued that `` a full and equal life in the community—the ultimate goal of Olmstead— can not be achieved without a meaningful , integrated way to spend the day , including integrated 'work options . ' '' And he stated :
[ W ] hen individuals with disabilities spend years— indeed , decades—in congregate programs doing so-called jobs like these , yet do not learn any real vocational skills , we should not lightly conclude that it is the disability that is the problem . Rather , the programs ' failure to teach any significant , job-market-relevant skills leaves their clients stuck . As a recent review of the literature concludes , “ [ t ] he ineffectiveness of sheltered workshops for helping individuals progress to competitive employment is well established . ”
References
External links
Greenelight Workforce
Missouri Sheltered Workshop FAQs
Jewish Vocational Services Sheltered Work
Article on controversy about Sheltered vs Mainstream employment
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , topic `` Workers with Developmental Disabilities ''
Sheltered Workshops in Lucedale and Gautier , Mississippi : Singing River Industries and Georco
Accessibility
Social entrepreneurship
Developmental disabilities
Segregation
The Grip Lighthouse ( ) is located in the Grip archipelago in the municipality of Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway . The lighthouse was built between 1885 and 1888 on the high islet of Bratthårskollen , north of Gripholmen .
Description
The tall lighthouse is a red cast iron tower on a white granite stonemasonry base . This is the second tallest lighthouse tower in Norway . The lighthouse 's range is , and the white , red , or green light , depending on direction , is occulting every eight seconds .
The islet is barren rock with just the lighthouse tower , a concrete boathouse , and two wharves . The lighthouse keepers lived inside the lighthouse tower . A radio beacon was operated between 1947 and 1986 , which was replaced with a frequency-agile racon signalling `` G '' with a range of 4 nm . The lighthouse was electrified in 1932 , and is unmanned since it was automated in 1977 . In 2000 , it became protected as a cultural heritage site . The pilot station was shut down in 1969 .
See also
Lighthouses in Norway
List of lighthouses in Norway
References
External links
Norsk Fyrhistorisk Forening
Lighthouses completed in 1888
Buildings and structures in Kristiansund
Lighthouses in Møre og Romsdal
Vincent Jerome Askew ( born February 28 , 1966 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played for nine seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) for eight different teams . A 6 ' 6 '' guard-forward , Askew played college basketball for Memphis State University . He was raised by his grandmother who had 13 kids and custody of Askew and three cousins .
College career
Askew was a Frayser High School graduate before enrolling at Memphis State University . He was a key player on the Tigers ' 1984–85 squad that reached the Final Four . Askew was one of the more complete players on the team , capable of banging down low one possession and running the point the next . Vincent Askew was named to the Metro All-Freshman Team .
After the Final Four season , Askew found himself in the midst of a debate on NCAA regulations when he briefly considered transferring to Kansas .
In October 1986 , Vincent Askew was involved in a possible transfer to the University of Kansas . He did not transfer , and re-enrolled at Memphis State University in the fall of 1986 . While Askew was visiting the Jayhawks , then-coach Larry Brown provided Askew with a plane ticket to fly back to Memphis to see his dying grandmother . The purchase of the plane ticket violated NCAA rules and Kansas was served with NCAA sanctions because of their recruitment of Askew , mainly involving `` improper recruiting inducements totaling at least $ 1,244 to the above-mentioned young man . ''
Askew left after three seasons with the Tigers .
NBA career
Askew was picked by the Philadelphia 76ers in the second round ( 39th overall ) of the 1987 NBA draft . He was waived after 14 games , then spent three weeks with the Washington Bullets , and then drifted into the Continental Basketball Association .
He was brought back to the NBA by the Golden State Warriors to finish the 1991 season , then he went to the Sacramento Kings for part of a season , then drifted to the Seattle SuperSonics . For four years in Seattle , he contributed about six points , four rebounds , and two assists per game . Then , he was traded to the New Jersey Nets , played one game there , then was traded to the Indiana Pacers . Larry Brown , then of the Pacers , described his trade for Askew as `` I do n't know of too many guys in the league who are better defenders than him , and not everybody is as unselfish . He does n't worry about minutes , does n't worry about shots , he just worries about winning . ''
He also had stints with the Denver Nuggets and the Portland Trail Blazers , where he was waived for a final time in 1997–1998 season .
Askew was described as a 6-foot-6 do-everything team player who played in the post and the perimeter and was a steady defensive stopper who built a reliable jumper late in his career . The most he has ever scored in an NBA game is 21 points . In his NBA career , Askew played in 467 games and scored a total of 3,313 points . He averaged 7.1 points , 2.5 rebounds , 2.2 assists in 20 minutes per game .
Professional career outside the NBA
Askew is the only player to be named Most Valuable Player in two straight years ( 1990 and 1991 ) in the Continental Basketball Association . He also had a stint in the World Basketball League .
Askew also played in Italy for Serie A team Arimo Bologna ( 1989 ) and Serie A2 teams Emmezeta Udine ( 1990–1991 ) and Sidis Reggio Emilia ( 1992 ) .
After the NBA , Askew had some difficulties establishing himself . European basketball records indicate that at least three times he signed with various teams but refused to play with them , ending in August 2001 when he signed a contract with Roseto but did not come to Italy . Askew , according to an undated Euroleague scouting report , `` is an NBA veteran that has finally , according to many , reached maturity . Vincent still has a lot of basketball left in him and wants to show the basketball people in Europe that he is indeed a reliable person . ''
Retirement
Upon his release from Portland in 1998 , Askew returned to his hometown of Memphis , completed a degree in marketing and did some scouting for Memphis coach John Calipari , which piqued his interest in coaching .
He confided in George Karl , his long-time mentor from his Sonics days , and was told to go overseas . Askew went to Europe where he coached in an Italian league for three years .
Askew took the head coaching job at Elliston Baptist Academy in Memphis but was embattled to leave the job . Allegations that he had used ineligible players had landed the school in hot water with the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association , potentially costing them a chance to play in the postseason , and Askew 's players were not pleased with his abrasive coaching methods .
In 2004 , Askew accepted the head coaching position at Rossville Christian Academy . Askew again stirred some controversy by recruiting players , which is a clear Mississippi Private School Association ( MPSA ) violation , but Askew did lead the RCA Rebels to the Class A State Championship .
In 2005 , he contacted the ABA expansion team Tacoma Navigators ' owner Michael Tuckman . Askew got a chance to hone his raw coaching skills , while the Navigators , which plays its home games at Mount Tahoma High School , marketed its coach as a former Sonic .
In 2014 , Askew hosted `` Holiday Hoop It Up '' in Memphis , Tennessee Askew also tells his story about `` Going Public '' with God and getting baptized
Askew was listed by CBS Los Angeles as `` 10 Biggest NBA Trade Deadline Deals ''
References
External links
Career Statistics
1966 births
Living people
Albany Patroons players
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Tennessee
Basketball players from Memphis , Tennessee
Cocodrilos de Caracas players
Denver Nuggets players
Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna players
Golden State Warriors players
Idaho Stampede ( CBA ) players
Indiana Pacers players
Memphis Tigers men 's basketball players
New Jersey Nets players
Pallacanestro Reggiana players
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Philadelphia 76ers players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Portland Trail Blazers players
Sacramento Kings players
Savannah Spirits players
Seattle SuperSonics players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Memphis , Tennessee
Shell Turbo Chargers players
Haquin Spegel ( Haqvin ) ( 14 June 1645 – 17 April 1714 ) , born Håkan Spegel in Ronneby in Blekinge ( today in Sweden ) , was a religious author and hymn writer who held several bishop 's seats .
Life
In 1675 , the King Charles XI of Sweden appointed him as court chaplain . During the wars in the following years , he followed the King , and became a close confidant of his . He kept a diary during the whole time , which has proven to be valuable as research material .
In 1680 he wed Queen Ulrika Eleonora and the King . He spent the following five years mainly on the island of Gotland as a superintendent over the Diocese of Visby . He managed to write the Rudera Gothlandica during this time ( published first 1901 ) .
In 1685 he was appointed Bishop of Linköping in eastern Sweden . In 1693 he was transferred to the seat in Diocese of Skara , central Sweden , where he remained until 1711 . On the death of the Archbishop of Uppsala , Spegel was elected his successor , although he only held this position for three years .
During that time he wrote an influential epos called God 's work and rest about God 's creation as written about in the Bible .
Other notability
It is said that he worked for education of the people , and wanted every peasant in Sweden to be able to read .
He was also known as a hymnist and poet .
External links
Reference :
Svenskt Litteraturhistoria i Sammandrag ( 1904 )
article Spegel , Haqvin In Nordisk familjebok ( 1917 )
1645 births
1714 deaths
People from Ronneby Municipality
Bishops of Skara
Lutheran bishops of Linköping
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
17th-century Lutheran bishops
18th-century Lutheran archbishops
Swedish-language writers
Swedish Lutheran hymnwriters
18th-century Swedish writers
17th-century Swedish writers
Bojan Ljubevski ( ) ( born 30 November 1996 ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Metalurg II .
References
1996 births
Living people
Macedonian male handball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
Radiation Effects in Insulators ( REI ) is a long-running international conference series
dedicated to basic and applied scientific research relating to radiation effects in insulators and non-metallic materials . It is held every second year in locations around the world .
The REI conference has a long history . Since the first conference was held in 1981 , REI has been the international forum to present and discuss the latest achievements in the field of insulating materials modification through different kind of radiation ( ions , electrons , neutrons ... ) . The conference regularly attracts about 200 attendees
Topics covered
The REI conference covers a wide range of topics including the following .
Atomistic and Collective Processes of Radiation Effects
Fundamental knowledge on atomistic and electronic defect production and stability
Irradiation-induced microstructural evolution and material modifications
Fundamentals , theory and computer simulations
Advances in defect and material characterization
Radiation response of nanomaterials
Swift heavy ion irradiations
Neutron irradiations
Laser-solid interactions
Electron-solid interactions
Irradiated Materials
Simple and complex oxides
Carbides and nitrides
Polymers
Ionic crystals
Semiconductor and scintillator materials
Glasses and silica
Carbon-based materials
Nanocomposites and nanostructured materials
Applications
Nuclear materials : fission , fusion and waste forms
Functional nanocomposites
Photonic , bio-medicine and sensing materials
Micro- and nano-patterning
Materials processing with swift heavy ions and cluster beams
Proceedings
The proceedings of REI-1 ( 1981 ) and REI-3 ( 1985 ) were published in the peer-reviewed journal Radiation Effects , renamed Radiation Effects and Defects in Solids in 1989 . The proceedings of REI-1 are found in volume 64 [ issues 1-4 ] and volume 65 [ issues 1-4 ] of this journal . The proceedings of REI-3 are found in volume 97 [ issues 3-4 ] , volume 98 [ issues 1-4 ] , and volume 99 [ issues 1-4 ] of this journal .
The proceedings of REI-2 ( 1983 ) and every REI conference since REI-4 ( 1987 ) have been published in the peer-reviewed Elsevier journal Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research B . These REI proceedings can be found in the following volumes of this journal : REI-2 ( vol . 1 ) , REI-4 ( vol . 32 ) , REI-5 ( vol . 46 ) , REI-6 ( vol . 65 ) , REI-7 ( vol . 91 ) , REI-8 ( vol . 116 ) , REI-9 ( vol.141 ) , REI-10 ( vol . 166-167 ) , REI-11 ( vol . 191 ) , REI-12 ( vol . 218 ) , REI-13 ( vol . 250 ) , REI-14 ( vol . 266 ) , REI-15 ( vol . 268 ) , and REI-16 ( vol . 286 ) .
REI conferences held
The complete list of REI conferences held up to 2013 is as follows .
The chairmen for the conferences prior to 2009 are taken
from the list of proceedings editors in
References
Physics conferences
Radiation effects
Mount Erek ( , , Varaga leř ) is a mountain overlooking the city of Van in eastern Turkey .
The ruined prominent Armenian monastery of Varagavank ( `` monastery of Varag '' ) is located at the foot of the mountain
References
Erek
Landforms of Van Province
Mountains of the Armenian Highlands
Three-thousanders of Turkey
Erek
Super Commando Dhruva titles have featured a long list of secondary supporting characters over the years that includes friends , foes , family , love interests and at times other Raj comics superheroes in crossovers . The first major recurring supporting character to be introduced in Dhruva series was his foster father I. G. Rajan Mehra in Dhruva 's debut title itself . A couple of issues later Chandika , arguably the most important and most popular side character not only in Dhruva series but in entire Raj comics universe , was introduced . At times , Dhruva has appeared alongside other superheroes of Raj comics universe in multi-hero crossovers . Dhruva also has a well known rogues gallery full of an assortment of supervillains including Grand Master Robo , Chandakaal and Mahamanav .
Family
This section enlists characters who are either related to Dhruva ( blood relatives/foster relatives ) or are very close to him .
Immediate family
Following is the list of Dhruva 's blood relatives .
Shyam : Shyama was Dhruva 's father . He worked as a trapeze artist in Jupiter circus . He was killed in front of Dhruva 's eyes at the hands of rival Globe circus 's strongman Jubisko . First appearance - GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 )
Radha : Radha was Shyam 's wife and Dhruva 's mother . She too worked as a trapeze artist in the Jupiter circus where she met Shyam for the first time . She was killed on the same fateful day of her husband 's death in the Jupiter circus carnage . First appearance - GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 )
Foster family
After the Jupiter circus carnage , when a 14yrs old Dhruva had nowhere to go , Rajangar 's SP Rajan Mehra adopted him as his son . Dhruva grew really fond and protective of his foster family to the extent that when he found out that he had an extended family living in France and his grand father requested him to stay back in France and take care of the family 's vast estate business , he rejected the idea citing that he ca n't leave his family in Rajnagar alone . His foster family consists of-
IG Rajan Mehra : SP Rajan Mehra is a top ranked police office in Rajnagar police department . Initially an SP at the time of adopting Dhruva , he was later promoted to the post of IG . IG Rajan has been a constant ray of inspiration in Dhruva 's vigil against criminals . First appearance - GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 )
Mrs. Rajni Mehra : She is IG Rajan 's wife and a simple housewife . First appearance - GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 )
Shweta Mehra : Shweta is Dhruva 's little foster sister , the only biological child of the Mehra 's . She is a budding scientist and also functions as a masked heroine , Chandika , a secret even Dhruva does n't know . First appearance - GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 )
Love interests
Natasha : Natasha is Dhruva 's primary love interest and the daughter of his enemy Grand Master Robo . Always torn up between her love for her superhero boyfriend and her criminal father , she keeps oscillating between the two worlds , the crime world of Robo and Dhruva 's lawful world . In Nagayana , a futuristic parallel series set in alternate universe , Natasha has been shown to be Dhruva 's lawfully wedded wife . First appearance - SPCL # 2 'Grand Master Robo ' ( 1991 )
Richa : Known as Black cat . She has a team of trained cats .
Dhruva 's lineage
Jalaj Son of Natasha
Rishi Son of Richa
Dhruvishya
Vitler : Vitler is Dhruva 's descendant from a very distant future . Dhruva met Vitler when he time travelled to 25,496 AD . Unlike Dhruva and his other descendants , who were the protectors of humanity , Vitler was a tyrant dictator of his times who ruled half the world . After Dhruva 's visit , Vitler has a change of heart resulting in bringing peace and harmony to the world . First appearance - GENL # 230 'Udantashtari Ke Bandhak ' ( 1991 )
Friends and allies
Dhruva has a huge assortment of allies ranging from normal humans and masked vigilantes to ferals and superpowered beings . Apart from his own range of supporting characters , Dhruva has also interacted with other superheroes of Raj comics universe and often fought as a team with them against bigger threats . Following is the list of various allies of Dhruva :
Major allies
Chandika : Alter-Ego of Shweta . Chandika is the most important ally and most recurring character of Dhruva series . Chandika , a blonde superheroine who wears purple colored tights , blue boots and a blue domino mask , is the alter ego of Shweta , Dhruva 's little sister . The only person who knows this secret is Natasha . Natasha herself has donned the identity of Chandika a couple of times to rescue Shweta from being identified . Chandika , like her brother , depends more on brains than brawns and to a large extent on her self-invented gadgets . In Nagayana , when Shweta was presumably dead , although later revived , Natasha kept Chandika alive by donning her costume . First appearance - GENL # 96 'Swarg Ki Tabahi ' ( 1989 )
Dhananjay : Dhananjay is a warrior of Swarna-Nagri , a golden city hidden beneath the ocean , located at the ocean bed near Indian coast . It is the home to Swarna-Manavas , descendants of Gods . He carries a golden lasso and has the ability to make interdimensional transit window . He also provided Dhruva with the ability to breathe in water . First appearance - SPCL # 2 'Grand Master Robo ' ( 1991 )
Jingaloo : Jingaloo is the prince of yetis residing in the Himalayas , and a very close friend of Dhruva . First appearance - GENL # 140 'Barf Ki Chita ' ( 1990 )
Vanputra : Vanputra is a forest dweller , a tribal who lives in National Forest , a forest on the outskirts of Rajnagar . He is a plant manipulator . He has the ability to communicate with plants . On his command , plants can grow in a matter of seconds , can move and can even kill someone . First appearance - GENL # 255 'Vinash Ke Vriksha ' ( 1991 )
Team associations
Jupiter Circus
Jupiter circus was where Dhruva was born and brought up in his childhood . Apart from Dhruva himself and his parents Shyam and Radha , following were the significant members of Jupiter circus :
Jacob : Jacob was the owner of Jupiter circus and loved Dhruva very much . He declared Dhruva a beneficiary in Jupiter circus insurance . The money he inherited from the insurance helped Dhruva to set up his own Commando Force after the Jupiter Circus carnage .
Pawan : A motorcycle stunt expert .
Hercules : Strongman of Jupiter circus .
Sulaiman : A sharp shooter .
Ranjan : Knife throwing expert .
Sherkhan : Ring-Master of Jupiter circus .
Anna : Used to run dolphin shows in Jupiter circus .
All the Jupiter Circus members made their first appearance in Dhruva 's debut title GENL # 74 'Pratishodh Ki Jwala ' ( 1988 ) with the exception of Anna who made his first appearance in SPCL # 2 'Grand Master Robo ' ( 1991 ) in a flashback sequence . All the characters of Jupiter circus are believed to have died in the Jupiter circus carnage though , much later , Jacob was revealed to be the sole survivor when the character returned in SPCL # 100 'Khooni Khandan ' ( 1997 ) to help Dhruva find out the truth about his father 's past .
Commando Force
Commando Force is a specially trained unit formed by Dhruva to aid him in his crime fighting sojourn . He used 50 lakh rupees that he received from Jupiter Circus insurance claim to establish it , while his foster father IG Rajan Mehra ensured he got all the necessary government approvals to establish the same . Initially , just 3 cadets strong with Rajnagar being their operative ground , commando force has expanded its presence throughout the country . Dhruva himself is the captain of the Commando Force . Apart from Dhruva , there are 3 prominent and named members in this team :
Peter Macey
Renu
Karim Shah
All three of them made their first appearance in GENL # 79 'Roman Hatyara ' ( 1988 ) . While Peter and Renu do most of the field work , Karim is primarily a communications expert . Apart from these 3 named cadets , commando force has added many unnamed cadets to its ranks since its inception .
Villains
Dhruva 's rogues gallery is one of the most identifiable one in Indian comics genre . Grand Master Robo , Chandakaal and Mahamanav are some of the most well known and recognisable villains in Indian comics . Dhruva 's enemies include normal criminals like Jubisko , Champion Killer ; tricksters like Bauna Waman , Vidooshak ; mad scientists like Dhwaniraj , Dr . Virus ; demons like Chandakaal and even aliens , but Dhruva 's most implacable foe is Grand Master Robo . Some of Dhruva 's enemies possess a bit more ambiguous personalities and are known to sometimes fight against him while supporting him on other occasions . Classic examples include Nostredamas , Commander Natasha , Black Cat and Nakshatra .
External links
Dhruva
Hobbs is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States . It was also known as Quarry Switch .
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County , Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
A salt road ( also known as a salt route , salt way , saltway , or salt trading route ) refers to any of the prehistoric and historical trade routes by which essential salt was transported to regions that lacked it .
From the Bronze Age ( in the 2nd millennium BC ) fixed transhumance routes appeared , like the Ligurian drailles that linked the maritime Liguria with the alpages , long before any purposely-constructed roadways formed the overland routes by which salt-rich provinces supplied salt-starved ones .
Roads
The Via Salaria , an ancient Roman road in Italy , eventually ran from Rome ( from Porta Salaria in the Aurelian Walls ) to Castrum Truentinum ( Porto d'Ascoli ) on the Adriatic coast - a distance of . A modern road by this name , part of the SS4 highway , runs from Rome to Osteria Nuova in Orvieto .
The Old Salt Route , about , was a medieval route in northern Germany , linking Lüneburg ( in Lower Saxony ) with the port of Lübeck ( in Schleswig-Holstein ) , which required more salt than it could produce itself . Lüneburg , first mentioned in the 10th century , grew rich on the salterns surrounding the town . Traders shipped salt via Lauenburg , to Lübeck , which supplied all the coasts of the Baltic Sea . Lüneburg and its salt were major factors of power and wealth of the Hanseatic League . After a long period of prosperity , its importance declined after 1600 . The last of the salt mines was closed in 1980 , ending the thousand-year tradition .
In medieval Bosnia , via Narenta was used as a trade route between Podvisoki and Dubrovnik . It is recorded that 600 horses delivered around 1500 modii of salt to Podvisoki .
In France , the salt route was longer than a portage between navigable streams . Salt unloaded at the ports of Nice and Ventimiglia could travel by two salt roads leading away from the coastal area , from Nice up the Vésubie valley , via Saint-Martin-Vésubie at the head of the valley , or from Ventimiglia inland through the Roya Valley , over the Col de Tende pass and into Piedmont .
In Ethiopia blocks of salt , called amoleh , were carved from the salt pans of the Afar Depression , especially around Lake Afrera , then carried by camel west to Atsbi and Ficho in the highland , whence traders distributed them throughout the rest of Ethiopia , as far south as the Kingdom of Kaffa .
Before the People 's Republic of China annexed Tibet and closed the borders in the 1950s , salt trade between Nepal and Tibet crossed passes through the Himalayas such as the gorges of the upper Karnali and Gandaki rivers . Caravans of pack animals brought rice up from Nepal 's Terai and lower hills in exchange for salt from dry lakes on the Tibetan Plateau .
In the United Kingdom an ancient road known as the Salt Way runs from Droitwich Spa , passing Banbury and onto Princes Risborough . The Salt Way is managed by the Salt Way Activity Group .
The Vienna Road , later also known as Southern Railway ( Austria ) that succeeded the road as a railway connection between Vienna and Trieste , was a salt road connecting the two cities via Graz , Maribor and Ljubljana . While salt was not the primary good traded on this road ( roughly 7 % of the trade ) , the historic salt connection is a significant part of Slovenian culture and tradition due to a folk hero Martin Krpan - a story based on oral tradition taking place on the Vienna Road .
In medieval Japan , the landlocked and mountainous Shinano Province was supplied with salt by two routes collectively called Shio no Michi .
Rivers and ports
The salt highways of Europe were the navigable rivers , where by medieval times shipments of salt coming upstream passed rafts and log-trains of timber , which could only be shipped downstream . And even along Europe 's coasts , once long-distance trade was revived in the 11th century , the hot and sunny south naturally outproduced the wet north . By the Late Middle Ages the expanding fishing fleets of the Low Countries required more salt than could be produced locally ; the balance was made up with salt from the Iberian Peninsula : `` The United Provinces could have been brought to their knees if their supplies of salt had been blocked at the end of the sixteenth century . Spain did no more than dream of this , '' Fernand Braudel has written . In Ming China , salt as well as rice was shipped from south to north , along the Imperial Canal as far as Beijing .
Salterns and saltpans
In France , a major source of marine salt with access to expansive hinterlands in need of it was the wetlands region in Languedoc called the Camargue ; from the salt pans called salines , convoys of boatloads of salt could be carried up the Rhone to Seyssel where it had to be off-loaded and carried by mule train inland to the little village of Regonfle near Geneva , where it rejoined a waterway .
Of the early modern period in Europe , Fernand Braudel remarked that in spite of the flux and reflux of economics :
`` no salt mine was ever abandoned and the scale of the equipment needed to put these mines in the hands of merchants from very early days . Salt-marshes on the other hand , were exploited by artisanal methods : the merchants took control only of transport and marketing , both in Setúbal in Portugal and in Peccais in Languedoc . Salt marketing was probably quite big business along the Atlantic seabord or the Rhône valley . ''
The vast interior of Poland was salt-starved , its maritime districts lying under rainy skies and fronting the Baltic Sea . By medieval times the process of mining for fossil salt supplemented the age-old techniques of evaporating sea salt in tidal pans . By the 14th century , at Wieliczka near Kraków , Braudel reports that peasant extraction of salt from brine evaporated in large shallow iron pans had been eliminated by the early industrialisation of salt mining . `` Galleries and shafts were now dug to a depth of 300 metres , and enormous winches powered by teams of horses brought blocks of salt to the surface . At its peak , production stood at 40,000 tons a year and the mines employed 3,000 workers . By 1368 , the cooperation of the Polish state had been obtained . ''
Since pre-Inca times , salt has been obtained in Maras , Peru , by evaporating salty water from a local subterranean stream .
See also
History of salt
Timeline of international trade
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
History of salt
Trade routes
Ancient roads and tracks
Rowdy Branch is a stream located entirely within Perry County , Kentucky .
According to tradition , Rowdy Branch was so named on account of the `` rowdy '' settlers who lived near it .
See also
List of rivers of Kentucky
References
Rivers of Perry County , Kentucky
Rivers of Kentucky
Dave Fegidero ( May 15 , 1978 – October 2 , 2007 ) was a Filipino footballer .
Education
Dave Fegidero attended Bacolod City National High School and helped Western Visayas in winning several titles at the Palarong Pambansa . He studied at the University of Negros Occidental – Recoletos as an athletic scholar for his college studies and attained a business degree from the institution .
Football career
He was part of the Philippine national team that participated at the 2000 Tiger Cup along with his brothers Norman and Joshua and cousin Troy Fegidero and at the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualifiers . He also has coached the De-La Salle Zobel team for two years .
Death
Dave Fegidero worked as an English teacher in Hat Yai , Thailand . He was later involved in a motorcycle accident and died late at night on October 2 , 2007 . He was set to participate at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games with the national futsal team .
References
External links
1978 births
2007 deaths
Filipino footballers
Philippines international footballers
Footballers from Negros Occidental
Filipino expatriates in Thailand
Association footballers not categorized by position
Road incident deaths in Thailand
Motorcycle road incident deaths
In enzymology , a carboxy-cis , cis-muconate cyclase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
3-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate 3-carboxy-cis , cis-muconate
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , 3-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate , and one product , 3-carboxy-cis , cis-muconate .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically the class of intramolecular lyases . The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate lyase ( decyclizing ) . This enzyme is also called 3-carboxymuconate cyclase . This enzyme participates in benzoate degradation via hydroxylation .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes , with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.5.1
Enzymes of known structure
Lee Wo-shih ( ; born 1 April 1960 ) is a Taiwanese politician . He was the Magistrate of Kinmen County from 20 December 2009 until 25 December 2014 .
Political career
On 12 January 2008 , he joined the 2008 Republic of China legislative election as an independent candidate from Kinmen constituency . However , he lost the election .
Kinmen County Magistrate
2009 Kinmen County Magistrate election
Lee was elected as the Magistrate of Kinmen County after winning the 2009 Republic of China local election under the Kuomintang on 5 December 2009 and took office on 20 December 2009 .
Cross-strait marriages
On 10 October 2010 , Li presided over a group of cross-strait marriages featuring several couples between Taiwanese and Chinese mainland people . The marriage was done to celebrate the national day of the Republic of China . The wedding ceremony featured traditional rites , such as parade floats and the couple sitting in palanquins and on horses .
Duty-free island Kinmen
In mid June 2013 speaking at an economic forum organized by Taiwan Competitiveness Forum and attended by people from Taiwan , Hong Kong and Mainland China , Li proposed Kinmen to be developed as duty-free island to boost tourism and the local economy . Kinmen can attract some of the 41.24 million tourists visiting the nearby Xiamen city last year to the island . Li had also asked the central ROC government to grant Chinese mainland tourists multiple-entry visas for Kinmen , and also asked Beijing to ease the current Kinmen one-day tour restrictions to two or three days .
Deminers memorial park opening ceremony
Speaking during the opening ceremony of a memorial park to commemorate the mine-laying activities in end of March 2014 , Li said that Kinmen is no longer a place with full of buried mines , but it is a tourist spot featuring beautiful coastlines and historical relics from wartime .
Water supply from Mainland China
Speaking during the official visit of Fujian Communist Party Chief You Quan to Kinmen in mid July 2014 , Li asked You for a drop in price of the water supply from Mainland China to Kinmen , in which it will connect Longhu Reservoir in Xiamen to Tienpu Reservoir in Kinmen . The current water price set by Mainland China is CNY 2 per 1,000 liters .
2014 Kinmen County Magistrate election
Lee lost to independent Chen Fu-hai in the 2014 Kinmen County magistrate election held on 29 November 2014 .
References
1960 births
Living people
Magistrates of Kinmen County
Ming Chuan University alumni
The House of Koxinga or the Zheng dynasty was the reigning family of the Kingdom of Tungning in Taiwan . They played a significant role in the history of East Asia and Southeast Asia , particularly in the seventeenth century .
Names
In Chinese , the dynasty is referred to as :
The Zheng clan ( ) .
The House of Zheng in Taiwan ( )
The Family of Koxinga ( )
Overview
Following the Qing conquest of the Kingdom of Tungning in 1683 , the territory 's last ruler , Zheng Keshuang , Prince of Yanping , who was a grandson of Koxinga , was taken to Beijing . The Kangxi Emperor granted Zheng a peerage title , that of Duke Hanjun , and inducted him and his descendants into the Plain Red Banner . The family remained in Beijing until 1911 when the Xinhai revolution broke out and the Qing dynasty 's fell , after which they moved back to Anhai and Nan'an in southern Fujian , where they remain to this day .
Koxinga 's other descendants had the hereditary title of 'Sia ' . They are found both on mainland China and in Taiwan , while descendants of Koxinga 's brother Shichizaemon live in Japan .
His descendants through one of his sons Zheng Kuan live in Taiwan . One of Koxinga 's descendants on mainland China , Zheng Xiaoxuan 鄭曉嵐 the father of Zheng Chouyu 鄭愁予 , fought against the Japanese in the Second Sino-Japanese War . Zheng Chouyu was born in Shandong in mainland China and called himself a `` child of the resistance '' against Japan and he became a refugee during the war , moving from place to place across China to avoid the Japanese . He moved to Taiwan in 1949 and focuses his work on building stronger ties between Taiwan and mainland China . Zheng Chouyu was born in mainland China , he identified as Chinese and he felt alienated after he was forced to move to Taiwan in 1949 which was previously under Japanese rule and felt strange and foreign to him .
Rulers of the Kingdom of Tungning
The House of Koxinga produced five rulers of the Kingdom of Tungning , three as reigning monarchs and two as regents .
Genealogy
See also
Kingdom of Tungning
Sia ( title )
References
Kingdom of Tungning
Ming dynasty people
The rufous-vented paradise flycatcher ( Terpsiphone rufocinerea ) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae . It is
found from southern Cameroon to eastern and central Democratic Republic of the Congo and north-western Angola . This species readily hybridizes with the genetically similar African paradise flycatcher .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps and shrub-dominated wetlands .
References
rufous-vented paradise flycatcher
Birds of Central Africa
rufous-vented paradise flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ali Molina is a census designated place located in Pima County , Arizona , United States . It has a land area of , and as of July 1 , 2015 , it had a population of 71 . It is also unofficially known as Magdalena . Ali Molina is located within the Tohono O'odham Indian Reservation . It has an estimated elevation of above sea level .
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Pima County , Arizona
Sophie Irene Hunter ( born 16 March 1978 ) is an English theatre director , playwright and former actress and singer . She made her directorial debut in 2007 co-directing the experimental play The Terrific Electric at the Barbican Pit after her theatre company Boileroom was granted the Samuel Beckett Theatre Trust Award . In addition , she has directed an Off-Off-Broadway revival of Henrik Ibsen 's Ghosts ( 2010 ) at Access Theatre , the performance art titled Lucretia ( 2011 ) based on Benjamin Britten 's opera The Rape of Lucretia at Location One 's Abramovic Studio in New York City , and the Phantom Limb Company 's 69° South also known as Shackleton Project ( 2011 ) which premièred at the Brooklyn Academy of Music 's Harvey Theatre and later toured North America .
In August 2015 , Hunter directed Phaedra and The Turn of the Screw to critical acclaim for the Happy Days Enniskillen International Beckett Festival and Aldeburgh Music , respectively .
Early life and education
Hunter is the daughter of Anna Katharine ( née Gow ) and Charles Rupert . The couple later divorced . She has two younger brothers , Timothy and Patrick , as well as two half-siblings from her father 's second marriage , Lily-Rose and Samuel . She is a niece of pianist Julius Drake . Her maternal grandfather is General Sir Michael James Gow , a British Army officer who worked with Prince Henry , Duke of Gloucester in the 1950s and was Aide-de-Camp General to the Queen from 1981 to 1984 . Hunter 's maternal great-great grandfather was First World War politician J. E. B. Seely , 1st Baron Mottistone .
Hunter attended St Paul 's Girls ' School in Hammersmith before studying Modern Languages with a concentration in French and Italian at the University of Oxford . After graduating from Oxford , Hunter lived in Paris to study avant-garde theatre for two years at the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq . She then trained at the Saratoga International Theatre Institute in New York City under theatre and opera director Anne Bogart .
Career
Theatre
Hunter co-founded the Lacuna Theatre Company and was an associate director at Royal Court Theatre in the West End of London and Broadhurst Theatre in New York 's Broadway for the play Enron . She is the co-founder and artistic director of theatre company Boileroom , which won the 2007 Samuel Theatre Trust Award for the avant-garde play The Terrific Electric . She also serves as collaborating director and dramaturge on marionette and puppetry production with the Phantom Limb Company .
Known for her avant-garde plays , Hunter has directed , performed and conceived theatre productions throughout Europe , the Middle East and North America . She directed the experimental play 69° South ( 2013 ) , the New York City performance art titled Lucretia ( 2011 ) based on Benjamin Britten 's opera The Rape of Lucretia and the 2010 revival of Henrik Ibsen 's Ghosts . She was a member of the performance collective Militia Canteen .
In collaboration with music director Andrew Staples , Hunter directed mezzo-soprano Ruby Philogene in Phaedra ( 2015 ) at the Happy Days Enniskillen International Beckett Festival in Northern Ireland . The production was met with praise , with The Guardian saying it was `` exquisitely realized , '' The Stage hailing it as `` creative brilliance , '' and The Times describing it as `` astonishing '' . She has also staged Benjamin Britten 's The Turn of the Screw in Suffolk and London for Aldeburgh Music .
In June 2017 , Hunter took part as narrator in Music on the Meare at Aldeburgh Festival with readings from Ovid , John Dryden and Ted Hughes alongside oboist Nicholas Daniel .
Creative arts
Hunter worked on the transfer of Punchdrunk 's Sleep No More to New York City in 2011 while serving as creative director for the theatre company Emursive . She has also directed the company 's theatrical experiences The Forgotten ( 2012 ) and Do n't Major in Debt Student House ( 2012 ) . In 2013 , she developed Loma Lights ( 2013 ) , one of the largest public arts programs in New York City .
Music
In 2005 , Hunter recorded a French-language music album titled The Isis Project in collaboration with songwriter Guy Chambers . In 2011 , she released an English-language EP titled Songs for a Boy , again with Chambers . Hunter has also collaborated with Armin van Buuren for the song `` Virtual Friend '' which was included in Buuren 's 2010 album Mirage .
Film and television
Earlier in her career , Hunter acted in film and television . She had supporting roles in the television series Midsomer Murders ( 2004 ) , Keen Eddie ( 2004 ) , Mumbai Calling ( 2007 ) and Torchwood ( 2009 ) . In 2004 , she played Maria Osborne in the costume drama film Vanity Fair starring Reese Witherspoon and played Annabel Blythe-Smith in the 2009 thriller film Burlesque Fairytales .
In May 2017 , Hunter was announced as a producer for the film adaptation of Megan Hunter 's dystopian novel The End We Start From alongside her husband Cumberbatch and Adam Ackland 's production company Sunnymarch , and Liza Marshall 's Hera Productions .
Recognition
Oxford Samuel Beckett Theatre Trust Award ( 2007 )
International Artist Fellowship by Location One , New York City ( 2010/11 )
Personal life
Hunter had a long-term relationship with sculptor Conrad Shawcross whom she met while studying at Oxford . The couple split in early 2010 . On 14 February 2015 , she married actor Benedict Cumberbatch at St Peter and St Paul 's Church , Mottistone on the Isle of Wight followed by a reception at Mottistone Manor . They have three sons .
Hunter speaks fluent French and Italian . She is also a skilled pianist .
Selected credits
Theatre
As director
As actor
Film and television
As actor
Discography
References
External links
Living people
1978 births
Alumni of the University of Oxford
British theatre directors
British women dramatists and playwrights
British opera directors
Cumberbatch family
Female opera directors
L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq alumni
People educated at St Paul 's Girls ' School
People from Hammersmith
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Holy Trinity Academy is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in the Priorslee area of Telford in the English county of Shropshire .
The school was opened in September 2015 in a new campus , replacing Blessed Robert Johnson Catholic College in Wellington . Holy Trinity Academy is a joint Roman Catholic and Church of England school , administered by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shrewsbury and the Church of England Diocese of Lichfield .
The school has many facilities including 2 football pitches , a netball court , a gym , dance studio and chapel .
A house system is used in the school and consists of 4 teams ; Johnson , Liddell , Assisi and Fry .
References
External links
Holy Trinity Academy official website
Secondary schools in Telford and Wrekin
Voluntary aided schools in England
Catholic secondary schools in the Diocese of Shrewsbury
Church of England secondary schools in the Diocese of Lichfield
Educational institutions established in 2015
2015 establishments in England
Acantholimon ( prickly thrift ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Plumbaginaceae . They are native to Asia .
The genus has 314 accepted species , according to Plants of the World Online .
Species
The American based GRIN only lists 22 species ; Acantholimon alberti , Acantholimon androsaceum , Acantholimon armenum , Acantholimon aulieatense , Acantholimon avenaceum , Acantholimon caryophyllaceum , Acantholimon echinus , Acantholimon glumaceum , Acantholimon hohenackeri , Acantholimon kotschyi , Acantholimon kotschyi subsp . kotschyi , Acantholimon kotschyi subsp . laxispicatum , Acantholimon litvinovii , Acantholimon lycaonicum , Acantholimon olivieri , Acantholimon puberulum , Acantholimon saxifragiforme , Acantholimon tenuiflorum , Acantholimon trojanum , Acantholimon ulicinum and Acantholimon venustum .
References
Lists of plant species
Thabo Motang ( born 20 November 1967 ) is a Motswana football coach and former player currently managing Township Rollers in the Botswana Premier League . Often regarded as one of the best Botswana goalkeepers of all time , he played for several teams including Township Rollers , where he became one of their longest serving players , BMC and Mahalapye United Hotpurs .
Motang began his career with Township Rollers as a twenty year old in 1987 . Staying twelve years with the Gaborone-based outfit , in which he became one of their longest serving players , Motang won two league titles and three FA Cups . He then moved to Lobatse-based BMC , helping them gain promotion to the top flight in his last season . He joined Mahalapye United Hotspurs in 2004 as a player-manager and finally retired from playing altogether in 2006 .
Early life
Motang was born in the Borolong area of Goodhope but was raised up in Selebi-Phikwe . He began playing football at primary school , functioning primarily as a defensive midfielder . After a game in which Mmoloki Sechele scored from the centre line Motang angrily took over as goalkeeper and never relinquished the role .
Club career
Township Rollers
Motang debuted for Rollers in 1987 aged 20 . Although Rollers at the time had experienced goalkeepers like Sam Sono , Kabelo Otukile and Mchuu Manyelela , Motang quickly asserted himself as the number one choice . He stayed twelve years at the club , outlasting younger keepers such as Lesego Moeng and becoming a firm fan favourite .
Botswana Meat Commission
In 1999 Motang moved to BMC , then plying their trade in the second division of Botswana football . Although he played a starring role in helping the team earn promotion to the top league twice , he eventually subsided and became a backup for Reuben Mosweu .
Mahalapye United Hotspurs
After announcing his professional retirement in 2004 Motang resurfaced at Mahalpye-based Hotspurs as a player-manager . Primarily the coach , he was also the third-choice goalkeeper and goalkeeper coach . He officially retired from active playing in 2006 and took over full-time as the goalkeeper coach .
International career
Motang first came to prominence in 1984 while still playing secondary school football . He was selected for various youth tournaments which he played with Botswana U20 . He made his senior debut in a 2-1 win against Zambia in 1988 . During his playing career Botswana never qualified for any major tournaments . He was criticised by fans in 1992 after seemingly blaming his teammate Mooketsi Mading for a 6-0 defeat against the Ivory Coast .
Managerial career
Motang began coaching while playing for Mahalapye United Hotspurs from 2004 to 2006 . In 2006 he took over full-time as the goalkeeper coach . Two years later he moved to his former club Township Rollers and was soon applauded as the best goalkeeper coach in Botswana after contributing significantly to the development of Kabelo Dambe . In 2014 , after helping Rollers win two league titles and a cup , Motang landed in hot water after taking the club to court over unpaid wages , leading to him being given an unpaid suspension . Eventually the two parted ways , with Motang being appointed Extension Gunners assistant manager , though he acted as the manager following the departure of Odirile Matlhaku .
Motang stayed with the Peleng giants for only one season before joining Gaborone United ahead of the 2015-16 season . However , in January of the same season he returned to Township Rollers as goalkeeper coach and joint assistant manager . He remained in that post until he was announced as the new head coach on 4 July 2022 following the departure of French-born manager Romain Folz .
Honours
Club
Township Rollers
Botswana Premier League:2
1987 , 1995
Botswana FA Cup:3
1993 , 1994 , 1996
Botswana Meat Commission
Botswana First Division South:1
2001-02
References
1967 births
Living people
Botswana footballers
Township Rollers F.C . players
Association football goalkeepers
Botswana international footballers
East Nassau Central School is a historic school building located at East Nassau in Rensselaer County , New York . It was built in 1930 and is a two-story , steel frame and concrete block building with a brick veneer in the Classical Revival style . It sits upon a raised concrete foundation and has a flat roof concealed behind a low parapet wall with concrete capstones . It features a small entrance portico of brick with concrete trim and a wrought iron balustrade .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 .
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Neoclassical architecture in New York ( state )
School buildings completed in 1930
Buildings and structures in Rensselaer County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Rensselaer County , New York
1930 establishments in New York ( state )
Young Women 's Leadership Academy at Arnold is an all-girls ' middle and high school in Grand Prairie , Texas . It is a part of the Grand Prairie Independent School District . The school is part of the Young Women 's Preparatory Network and as an average of 1400 students : 1,200 middle school and 200 high school students .
As a college preparatory school , it offers two career pathways ( which is a great contrast to other GPISD high schools such as Dubiski Career High School or South Grand Prairie High School ) Fashion and Business as well as STEM .
Academic courses
The Young Women 's Leadership Academy , offers two career pathways for high school students allowing them to graduate with a distinction when completed . The first pathway is Fashion and Business , in which students take fashion and business courses that increase in content at each level . The second pathway , STEM , is centered around engineering and technology . Classes include concepts of engineering and design , biotechnology , and advanced biotechnology .
In the core classes , students are give the opportunity to be part of the Pre-AP and AP program . Middle schoolers can take Pre-AP math , science , ELA , and social studies courses while high schoolers can take Pre-AP English I and II then proceed to take AP English Language and Composition and AP English Literature . High school students can take Pre-AP Biology , Chemistry , Geometry , and Algebra I . Because of the involvement in the Texas Dual Credit Program , high schoolers can take Dual Credit Physics , US History , World History , and English . YWLA students can also participate in Grand Prairie ISD 's Education & Leadership Preparatory Program in collaboration with the University of Texas at Arlington , under which they would receive teachers aide positions in Grand Prairie and then contracts as full-time GPISD teachers once they completed their degrees and received their certification .
Clubs and organizations
National Junior Honor Society
National Honor Society
DECA
Biology Club
YMCA Youth and Government
SkillsUSA
Keep Grand Prairie Beautiful Adopt-a-street program
References
External links
Girls ' schools in Texas
Grand Prairie Independent School District high schools
Public middle schools in Texas
Public girls ' schools in the United States
Buildings and structures in Grand Prairie , Texas
Mike Quinn ( born 1964 ) is an English puppeteer , animator , actor , director , producer , voice-over artist , puppet builder , composer and mentor . He is also known as Mike Quinby , Michael E. Quinn , and Michael Quinn .
Early life and career
Quinn was born in Kent , England , and grew up in Enfield , Middlesex . He began puppeteering at age eight .
In 1977 , Mike regularly visited the set of The Muppet Show with his homemade puppets , eventually meeting Jim Henson . Through his visits , he learned more about puppeteering and received encouragement from Jim Henson and his co-workers .
After leaving school in 1980 , Quinn joined The Jim Henson Company and worked on the 1981 film The Great Muppet Caper puppeteering in crowd scenes and acting as a double for various main Muppet characters . Quinn later designed and built the Podlings for The Dark Crystal , where he also performed the Skeksis Slave Master SkekNa ( who was voiced by David Buck ) .
During the filming of Return of the Jedi , Quinn ( and David Barclay and David Greenaway ) were assistant puppeteers to Frank Oz in his performance of Yoda . He also performed the role of Nien Nunb in Return Of the Jedi . Between the late 1980s and early 1990s , Quinn joined with fellow puppeteer David Barclay , creating Ultimate Animates , a production company specializing in new building and performing techniques for internal and external puppet productions .
Quinn joined George Lucas 's Industrial Light and Magic as an animator , first working on Jurassic Park III and then Star Wars : Episode II – Attack of the Clones .
He reprised his role as Nien Nunb in Star Wars : The Force Awakens , a role that he reprised again in Star Wars : The Last Jedi and Star Wars : The Rise of Skywalker , and performed for the Disney theme park ride Star Wars : Rise of the Resistance .
In 2018 , Quinn provided the voice of the Stan Laurel-based character Agnes Packard in the Cartoon Network series , Mighty Magiswords opposing Ken Mitchroney voicing her Oliver Hardy-based husband Mr. Pachydermus in the episode `` Pachydermus Packard and the Camp of Fantasy '' .
Quinn appeared as a guest on The George Lucas Talk Show during their May the AR Be LI $ $ You Arli $ $ Marathon fundraiser .
Personal life
From 1989 to 2004 , Quinn was married to fellow puppeteer Karen Prell .
Filmography
Film
Television
Event
Crew
Dreamchild - Puppeteer
Jurassic Park III - Animator
Little Shop of Horrors - Puppeteer
Star Wars : Episode II – Attack of the Clones - Animator
Toy Story 2 - Animator
Who Framed Roger Rabbit - Puppeteer ( UK )
References
External links
The Official Mike Quinn website
Mike Quinn 's mentoring and training site
British puppeteers
Living people
1964 births
People from Kent
Echinopsole breviceratae is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae .
Distribution
This species was described from Torquay , Victoria , Australia . It is endemic to southern Australia .
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1962
José Escribens ( born 9 September 1911 ) was a Peruvian modern pentathlete . He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1911 births
Year of death missing
Peruvian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Peru
Modern pentathletes at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Douglas Esteban Sequeira Solano ( Also known as El Esqueleto Sequeira ) ( born 23 August 1977 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Club career
Early career
Sequeira started his career in Costa Rica by playing for Saprissa in 1995 . He moved abroad after the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship to spend time in Europe with Feyenoord , who loaned him to then feeder club Excelsior for whom he made his debut in the Eerste Divisie against Emmen on 18 October 1997 . In 1999 , he signed for two years for German second division side Karlsruhe alongside compatriot Mínor Díaz , playing 24 matches , before returning to Costa Rica and Saprissa .
Major League Soccer
He was originally acquired by Major League Soccer and Real Salt Lake from Saprissa in exchange for Pablo Brenes , and was immediately sent to Chivas USA for a draft pick , and spent a year with the team . Subsequently , Sequeira ended up at Real Salt Lake but was waived following the 2006 season .
Tromsø
In December 2006 , he signed a three-year contract with Norwegian club Tromsø . Sequeira got a good start to his career at Tromsø , scoring the 1–0 winning goal in the 8th minute of his first official match for the club , against Vålerenga on 9 April 2007 . On 30 July 2009 , Sequeira played his last match for Tromsø at Alfheim Stadion . He will return to Costa Rica and Saprissa , after playing against Vålerenga on 9 August 2009 .
After playing a few more seasons for Saprissa , Sequeira retired in November 2013 and became manager of Saprissa 's youth team .
International career
Sequeira has played for the Costa Rica national football team on various youth levels , and received his first senior cap in a February 1999 friendly match against Jamaica . Since then he has represented the national team 42 times scoring twice . He played in the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship , held in Malaysia , and the 2006 FIFA World Cup .
FIFA suspended Sequeira for three matches following an incident where he kneed an opponent in the stomach during a 3–0 loss to the United States during qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup .
His final international was an August 2010 friendly match against Paraguay .
International goals
Scores and results list Costa Rica 's goal tally first .
Personal life
Sequeira is married to Andrea Borbón and they have a son , Douglas , and a daughter , Brianna . His older brother , Alejandro Sequeira played as forward .
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San José , Costa Rica
Association football defenders
Association football utility players
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2004 Copa América players
2005 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
Deportivo Saprissa players
Feyenoord players
Excelsior Rotterdam players
Karlsruher SC players
Chivas USA players
Real Salt Lake players
Tromsø IL players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Liga FPD players
Eerste Divisie players
2 . Bundesliga players
Major League Soccer players
Eliteserien players
Central American Games gold medalists for Costa Rica
Central American Games medalists in football
`` Love Your Shoes '' is a song from British new wave band Furniture , which was released in 1984 as a non-album single on Premonition Records . The band re-recorded the song for their 1986 studio album The Wrong People , from which it was the second single . The song was written by Tim Whelan , Jim Irvin and Hamilton Lee .
Background
Speaking of the song 's meaning to Record Mirror in 1986 , guitarist Tim Whelan commented , `` The statement 'Love Your Shoes ' is the kind of smarmy comment you hear people making at parties . It 's the kind of statement people make as you 're sipping your beer . '' Lead singer Jim Irvin later said that the song was `` about being crap at chatting someone up '' .
Release
The 1984 release of `` Love Your Shoes '' impressed Stiff and led them to sign the band in 1986 . Their debut release on the label , `` Brilliant Mind '' , broke the band commercially , reaching No . 21 in the UK Singles Chart in July of that year . The follow-up single was a re-recorded version of `` Love Your Shoes '' , which was expected to provide the band with a second hit .
`` Love Your Shoes '' generated strong airplay on UK radio , but internal issues at Stiff , including distribution problems , led the single to fail to chart . In the time leading up to the single 's release , Stiff declared bankruptcy and went into receivership before being bought by Jill Sinclair of ZTT . Irvin recalled in 2010 , `` The week before release it was very high in the airplay charts , beating the current Madonna single . People said it was a potential Number 1 . Then Stiff cocked up the distribution . ''
Music video
The music video for the 1986 version was directed by Nicholas Brandt . In 2010 , Irvin recollected the `` stressful , 16-hour video shoot '' and felt the concept behind the video took the song `` way too literal and just made me look pervy '' . The house selected for filming the video was vacant at the time as its owner had recently died .
Critical reception
In a review of the 1984 recording , Jerry Smith of Music Week wrote , `` A rich , seductive vocal over a shuffling beat , moody echoing guitar and organ creates a well executed indie single that combines melody with passion . ''
Reviewing the 1986 re-recording , Paul Massey of the Evening Express stated , `` Almost too similar to 'Brilliant Mind ' , but Jim Irvin 's vocals and racy chorus pull it through . '' Cath Carroll of New Musical Express commented , `` There 's enough of 'Pleasant Valley Sunday ' in this to warrant several re-plays , but I still ca n't work out whether I 'm charmed or irritated by the singer 's out-of-breath cool . Maybe some of the sentiments are a little too self-conscious for comfort . '' Nancy Culp of Record Mirror wrote , `` How can I resist such a dreamy record ? Destined for blanket play on Janice Long . ''
Formats
Personnel
Furniture
Jim Irvin – vocals
Tim Whelan – guitar
Maya Gilder – keyboards
Sally Still – bass
Hamilton Lee – drums
1984 production
Richard Preston – engineer on `` Love Your Shoes '' and `` Throw Away the Script '' ( Instrumental Mix )
John Fishlock , Gavin Greenaway – remixing on `` Love Your Shoes ''
Furniture – producers of `` Love Your Shoes '' and `` Escape into my Arms ''
1986 production
Mick Glossop – producer of `` Love Your Shoes '' and `` Me and You and the Name ''
Furniture – producer of `` Turnupspeed ''
Boz Boorer – clarinet on `` Turnupspeed ''
Calum Colvin – cover picture
Charts
References
1984 songs
1984 singles
1986 singles
Furniture ( band ) songs
Songs written by Jim Irvin
Song recordings produced by Mick Glossop
Stiff Records singles
Tanimbar Islands Regency ( ) is a regency of Maluku province , Indonesia , consisting primarily of the Tanimbar Islands . The Regency covers a land area of 10,102 km2 , and it had a population of 105,341 at the 2010 Census and 123,572 at the 2020 Census . The principal town and administrative centre lies at Saumlaki .
History
The regency was formerly named Western Southeast Maluku Regency ( Kabupaten Maluku Tenggara Barat ) , until it was renamed as Tanimbar Islands Regency ( Kabupaten Kepulauan Tanimbar ) on ; the legislation for this was passed on 28 January 2019 .
Administration
As at 2010 the regency was divided into nine districts ( kecamatan ) , tabulated below with their areas in km2 and their 2010 Census populations : Subsequently , a tenth district - Molu Maru ( consisting of the two northernmost islands in the Tanimbars - Molu and Maru - with a combined land area of 63.8 km2 ) - was by 2017 created from part of the existing Wuorlabobar District . The districts ' populations at the 2020 Census are also shown . The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres , the number of villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its postal code . Altogether the archipelago contains 99 islands .
Note : ( a ) Yaru District changed its name to Fordata District in 2019 . ( b ) the area and 2010 population of Molu Maru district are included in the figures for Wuarlabobar district , from which it was split off .
References
External links
Regencies of Maluku ( province )
Human performance technology ( HPT ) , also known as human performance improvement ( HPI ) , or human performance assessment ( HPA ) , is a field of study related to process improvement methodologies such as organization development , motivation , instructional technology , human factors , learning , performance support systems , knowledge management , and training . It is focused on improving performance at the societal , organizational , process , and individual performer levels .
HPT `` uses a wide range of interventions that are drawn from many other disciplines , including total quality management , process improvement , behavioral psychology , instructional systems design , organizational development , and human resources management '' ( ISPI , 2007 ) . It stresses a rigorous analysis of requirements at the societal , organizational process and individual levels as appropriate to identify the causes for performance gaps , provide appropriate interventions to improve and sustain performance , and finally to evaluate the results against the requirements .
History of HPT
The field of HPT , also referred to as Performance Improvement , emerged from the fields of educational technology and instructional technology in the 1950s and 1960s . In the post war period , application of the Instructional Systems Design ( ISD ) model was not consistently returning the desired improvements to organizational performance . This led the emergence of HPT as a separate field from ISD in the late 1960s to early 1970s when the National Society for Programmed Instruction was renamed the National Society for Performance and Instruction ( NSPI ) and then again to the International Society for Performance Improvement ( ISPI ) in 1995 . ( Chyung , 2008 ) HPT evolved as a systemic and systematic approach to address complex types of performance issues and to assist in the proper diagnosis and implementation of solutions to close performance gaps among individuals .
The origins of HPT can be primarily traced back to the work of Thomas Gilbert , Geary Rummler , Karen Brethower , Roger Kaufman , Bob Mager , Donald Tosti , Lloyd Homme and Joe Harless . They ( Gilbert and Rummler in particular ) were the pioneers of the field . Any serious investigation of early and later citations of Gilbert and Rummler 's work will reveal subsequent academic and professional leaders in the field .
A major factor in the rise to prominence of what would become HPT was the publication of Analyzing Performance Problems in 1970 by Robert F. Mager and Peter Pipe . The success of their book , subtitled `` You Really Oughta Wan na , '' served to draw attention to and expand awareness of the many factors affecting human performance in addition to the knowledge and skills of the performer . The Further Reading section of the 1970 edition of their book also cites a seminal paper by Karen S. Brethower : `` Maintenance Systems : The Neglected Half of Behavior Change , '' which contains an early version of a performance deficiency analysis algorithm developed by Geary Rummler , then at the University of Michigan . Rummler , along with Tom Gilbert , would go on to found Praxis Corporation , a firm focused on improving performance . Later , Rummler would join forces with Alan Brache and the two of them would author Improving Performance , with a clear and expanded focus on process and organizational performance . In a related vein , Joe Harless was at work developing and refining his own approach to expanding and refining the way problems of human performance were being approached . In 1970 , the same year Mager & Pipe published their landmark book , Harless , with the assistance of his associate and another notable in the field , Claude Lineberry , published An Ounce of Analysis ( Is Worth A Pound of Objectives ) . This was the beginning of what became known as `` Front-End Analysis ( FEA ) . ''
HPT professionals work in many different performance settings such as corporate , educational institutions , and the military ( Bolin , 2007 ) .
Definitions of the field
The International Society for Performance Improvement defines HPT as :
`` a systematic approach to improving productivity and competence , uses a set of methods and procedures -- and a strategy for solving problems -- for realizing opportunities related to the performance of people . More specific , it is a process of selection , analysis , design , development , implementation , and evaluation of programs to most cost-effectively influence human behavior and accomplishment . It is a systematic combination of three fundamental processes : performance analysis , cause analysis , and intervention selection , and can be applied to individuals , small groups , and large organizations . `` ( ISPI , 2012 )
A simpler definition of HPT is a systematic approach to improving individual and organizational performance ( Pershing , 2006 ) .
A common misunderstanding of the word technology with regards to HPT is that it relates to information technologies . In HPT , technology refers to the specialized aspects of the field of Human Performance . Technology : the application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes , esp . in industry . A branch of knowledge dealing with engineering or applied science .
The International Society for Performance Improvement has developed a glossary of HPT related terms .
Characteristics of HPT
HPT is based on the assumption that human performance is lawful , drawing principles from numerous fields including psychology , systems theory , engineering and business management ( Chyung , 2008 ) .
HPT is empirical , using observations and experiments to inform decision making ( Chyung , 2008 ) .
HPT is results oriented , producing measureable and cost effective changes in performance ( Chyung , 2008 ) .
HPT is reactive and proactive in situations involving human performance to :
reduce or eliminate barriers to desired performance ( reactive ) ;
prevent the conditions allowing barriers to performance ( proactive ) ; and
improve the quality of current performance ( reactive and proactive ) ( Chyung , 2008 ) .
HPT uses both systematic and systemic approaches to solving performance problems ( Chyung , 2008 ) .
HPT practitioners may consider other established , new , or emerging disciplines and fields of practice ( such as organizational development , learning organizations , knowledge management , communities of practice , workplace design , lean and six sigma ) that will assist in achieving desired goals ( Stolovitch and Keeps , 1999 ) .
HPT Model
An HPT Model is available for viewing at the ispi.org website .
Standards of Practice
The International Society for Performance Improvement ( ISPI ) codified a series of Standards in an effort to raise the quality of HPT practice :
Focus on Results
Take a Systems View
Add Value
Utilize Partnerships
Systematic Assessment of Need or Opportunity
Systematic Cause Analysis
Systematic Design
Systematic Development
Systematic Implementation
Systematic Evaluation
See also
International Society for Performance Improvement
Business Process Improvement
Business Process Reengineering
Business Process Management
Educational technology
Instructional systems design
Lean
Organizational Development
Process Improvement and Management ( PI & M )
Total Quality Management
Further reading
ISPI
Human Performance Technology ( HPT ) Primer ( )
Human Performance Technology ( HPT ) Treasures
References
Bolin , A.U . ( 2007 ) HPT in military settings . Performance Improvement . 46 ( 3 ) 5-7
Brethower , K.S . ( 1967 ) . Maintenance Systems : The Neglected Half of Behavior Change . In Managing the Instructional Programming Effort , Geary A. Rummler , Joseph P. Yaney and Albert W. Schrader ( Eds ) Ann Arbor : Bureau of Industrial Relations , University of Michigan . Retrieved November 23 , 2007 from http : //www.nickols.us/Brethower.pdf
Chyung , S. Y . ( 2008 ) . Foundations of instructional and performance technology . Amherst , MA : HRD Press .
Gilbert , Thomas F. ( 2007 ) . Human Competence : Engineering Worthy Performance , Pfeiffer ,
Harless , J . ( 1970 , 1975 ) . An Ounce of Analysis . Newnan , GA : Guild V Publications . Retrieved April 30 , 2015 from https : //web.archive.org/web/20160304121942/https : //ispi50th.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/harless-an-ounce-of-analysis-1970.pdf
ISPI What is Human Performance Technology ? retrieved June 12 , 2012 from http : //www.ispi.org/content.aspx ? id=54
Mager , R. , and P. Pipe ( 1970 ) . Analyzing Performance Problems , Belmont : Fearon Pitman .
Rummler , G. , and A. Brache ( 1995 ) . Improving Performance : How to Manage the White Space on the Organization Chart ( 2nd ed ) , San Francisco : Jossey Bass .
Stolovitch , H. , and E. Keeps ( 1999 ) . What is Human Performance technology ? In H. Stolovitch , and E. Keeps ( eds ) , Handbook of Performance Improvement Technology ( 2nd ed. , pp . 3–23 ) . San Francisco : Jossey-Bass .
Educational technology
Learning methods
Ergonomics
The Sulawesi babbler ( Pellorneum celebense ) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae .
It is endemic to Indonesia .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
Sulawesi babbler
Birds of Sulawesi
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Sulawesi babbler
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
FIFA 11 , titled FIFA Soccer 11 in North America , is a football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts worldwide under the EA Sports label . It was released on 28 September 2010 in North America , 30 September 2010 in Australia , and 1 October 2010 in Europe for all platforms , except the Wii and Nintendo DS . The Wii version was released on 1 October 2010 in North America and Europe and the DS version on 8 October 2010 . The PC version of FIFA 11 is the first in the series to use the same game engine as the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions . The game received positive reviews and was awarded 'Sports Game of the Year ' at the Golden Joystick Awards after a record-breaking 2.05 million votes . This was the last FIFA title to be released for the Nintendo DS .
New features
Next Gen Gameplay Engine ( PC ) : The PC version of the game now uses the same game engine as the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions . Also , the `` Two Button '' control system , introduced in the 2010 FIFA World Cup game has carried through to FIFA 11 , making it ideal for novices and new players to the series .
FIFA World ( PC ) : This will allow the player to customize their online avatar , compete with players from all over the world and fight for positions on the leaderboard .
PC Improvements : Next-gen menu presentation is used . Manager mode from console version of FIFA 10 has been imported with some improvements . Be a pro season have been completely revamped . There is a new practice arena which can be accessed when exiting a game mode . There is a new 5 v 5 online team play and Pro Club Championship . Further , there is the all new Virtual Pro game mode . Players can create their game face on the official web site then download it and apply it to their virtual pro in game . 360° dribbling is also featured along with LAN play . Players can also create tactics themselves .
Pro Passing ( PS3 , Xbox 360 ) : is a new passing system where the gamer 's own accuracy with the control pad , as well as the situation and skills of the players on the pitch , determines the accuracy of each pass .
Creation Centre ( PS3 , Xbox 360 ) : is a new web-based application which allows the user to create material to download to their console and share with their friends . Created teams , names , kits , and players can be customised and players can be edited in a more in-depth way than before . Create a player by choosing his appearance , accessories and attributes . You may also create players and edit squads on the console itself , but to create a team you must use the Creation Centre web-based application .
Career Mode ( PS3 , Xbox 360 , PS2 , PSP , NDS ) : `` Be a Pro Mode '' and `` Manager Mode '' have been merged into the new `` Career Mode '' , where the player can choose to be a player , manager , or player-manager for over 15 seasons . Many improvements have been made to Career Mode , one being that when signing new players , the user will have to agree to a transfer fee with the club , as well as other personal demands from the player ; the club could also agree a fee with two teams for a player . The board of a club can decide to give the manager a contract extension or not ; this will depend on certain objectives being met , or if they feel that the user has potential as a manager . The manager reputation rating is still in the game and will go up or down depending on your efforts . Regular emails will appear from the coach telling the user about player growth , and if a player is gaining or losing overall rating , the coach will also tell the user about players that are hitting form and will suggest the user include them in the starting line up for the next match , or give them a little more responsibility . On the player growth screen , the user will also get comments from the coach , such as `` has reached his potential '' , `` is n't going to grow anymore '' , or `` could develop quickly if given game time . '' A new budget allocator has also been implemented , where the player can adjust the slider to whatever they desire , whether it will be an 80/20 split with £50 million to spend and £200K wage budget , or a 60/40 split , where that may be £40 million to spend and £250K wage budget . This gives some flexibility if the user is trying to buy specific players but does not have the wages to cover it , or does not need the wages and wants more free cash . There is a limit , however ; when doing this , the user will get the notification that this is only available three times per season , so the player must make their decisions wisely . It is also now possible to view results and standings from other leagues around the world , following a similar feature that was on the official 2010 FIFA World Cup game . It still is not possible to manage an international team .
Street Football ( Wii ) : Players can now play 5 vs. 5 street football , as well as the traditional 11 vs. 11 . Each street player has a distinctive style of play with unique abilities to match .
Goalkeeper Intelligence ( All Platforms ) : Goalkeepers now have more urgency and better perception of where to intercept loose balls , resulting in a more responsive and powerful rushing system . Goalkeepers are now more agile and can make more impressive saves . New animation warping technology provides game-realistic goalkeeper positioning and momentum , resulting in more varied scoring opportunities .
Be a Goalkeeper ( PS3 , Xbox 360 , PS2 , PSP ) : EA Sports released a FIFA 11 trailer with the slogan `` We Are 11 . '' The trailer confirmed that it 's possible to play as a goalkeeper in FIFA 11 , and it is also possible to play 11 vs. 11 online matches . The player can choose to perform realistic actions such as diving and jumping to prevent a goal scored by the opposition .
Manual Leaderboard : It has been confirmed that there will be a separate leaderboard this year for players that use the manual control setup .
Improved Celebrations ( PS3 , Xbox 360 ) : Celebrations will now use the in-game camera rather than separate cutscenes . It is also confirmed that teammates can now join in celebrations . Also , only more skilled or acrobatic players can perform the more acrobatic celebrations , such as a backflip . FIFA 11 also includes players ' signature celebrations , which they can perform with a simple push of a button .
360° Dribbling ( PS3 , Xbox 360 , PC ) : True 360° dribbling system will provide finer dribbling control , enabling players to find space between defenders that not possible before . Players will also have the opportunity to perform a number of tricks and skills , with the push of certain controls . Footballers with a higher `` skill '' star rating ( such as Ronaldinho , Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Kaka ) , will be able to make more impressive skills such as a Rainbow Flick .
FIFA 11 features 31 licensed leagues ( including second-divisions , and so on ) , from 24 countries around the world , as well as 39 national teams .
iOS version
FIFA 11 for Apple iOS devices features improved graphics and compatibility with the iPhone 4 and 4th generation iPod Touch 's retina displays . The game is compatible with iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , 3rd and 4th generation iPod touch , and a recent version came out for the iPad . It is still plagued with crashes , particularly since the upgrade to iOS 5.0 , which means it can not run on current iPads .
Demo
A FIFA 11 demo was released for PS3 , Xbox 360 and PC on 15 September 2010 . The demo features Chelsea , Barcelona , Real Madrid , Juventus , Bayer Leverkusen and Lyon , although Arsenal can be unlocked on the PS3 and Xbox 360 by playing FIFA Superstars on Facebook and winning 5 matches on Superstars . The stadium for the demo is Real Madrid 's home stadium , Santiago Bernabéu , but the Emirates Stadium can also be unlocked through FIFA Superstars . It will be unlocked after 10 games on Superstars . Reciprocally , by playing the FIFA 11 demo , users can earn rewards for their FIFA Superstars team .
Reception
FIFA 11 has been positively received with IGN UK rating it 9.5 out of 10 and Official PlayStation Magazine ( UK ) rating it a 10/10 , the first game in the series to be given a full score . Eurogamer rated it 8/10 summing up , `` At its best FIFA 11 is enormous fun and brilliantly engineered , but in its battle to be more varied and realistic it has lost some of its momentum , and off the pitch returns are starting to diminish too '' .
As of October 2011 , 16 million copies of the game have been sold across all platforms .
Commentaries
In PS3 , Xbox 360 and PC version : Martin Tyler and Andy Gray
In PS2 , PSP , Wii , Android and iOS version : Clive Tyldesley and Andy Gray
In DS version : Clive Tyldesley and Andy Townsend ( only )
Ultimate Team
Following on from previous FIFA games , FIFA 11 Ultimate Team was released on PS3 and Xbox 360 on 3 November 2010 . It is available for free download from the PlayStation Store or Xbox Live Marketplace . In the game itself , players purchase packs of cards with in-game money . These packs contain random players and other items , such as balls and kits , and players have to win football matches in order to earn coins , to purchase new players . There are other ways to make money , such as buying players and other items cheaply and selling them on for a higher price . Also , with Microsoft points on the Xbox 360 you can buy packs of silver or gold players , staff and items . Returning users to Ultimate Team receive two complimentary Gold packs . It has been praised for its creativity , and likeness to eBay , in that it has live auctions , where player items needed from other players .
This has also been likened to the real life Football market , where other managers are constantly trying to outbid each other for the best players and staff . Also , people could play their friends in this new friend mode . Players can be found in packs according to their real life transfers , for example the Fernando Torres Chelsea card appeared in packs after he was transferred from Liverpool or the Edin Dzeko transfer from Wolfsburg to Man City . These updates can be useful for the chemistry side of the game .
Music
The following songs are featured in FIFA 11 ( as listed in game credits ) :
`` Ca n't Sleep '' – Adrian Lux
`` 1977 '' – Ana Tijoux
`` Odessa '' – Caribou
`` Trick Pony '' – Charlotte Gainsbourg
`` El Bombo ( Toquemen El Bombo ) '' – Choc Quib Town
`` Do n't Turn the Lights On '' – Chromeo
`` Wonder '' – Dan Black
`` : O '' – Dapuntobeat
`` It Only Takes One Night '' – Dum Dum Girls
`` W.A.R.R.I.O.R . '' – Ebony Bones
`` Rhinestone Eyes '' – Gorillaz
`` Paper Romance '' – Groove Armada
`` Controller '' – Howl
`` Around Us '' – Jonsi
`` White Picket Fences '' – Jump Jump Dance Dance
`` Ace of Hz '' – Ladytron
`` I Can Change '' – LCD Soundsystem
`` Blackout '' – Linkin Park
`` Sun In My Pocket '' – Locnville
`` Snowflake '' – Malachai
`` El Tigeraso '' – Maluca
`` Record Collection '' – Mark Ronson featuring Simon Le Bon and Wiley
`` Splitting the Atom '' – Massive Attack
`` Flash Delirium '' – MGMT
`` Flashbacks '' – Ram Di Dam [ sv ]
`` Fire With Fire '' – Scissor Sisters
`` Tighten Up '' – The Black Keys
`` Sampleame '' – The Pinker Tones
`` Efémera '' – Tulipa
`` I Can Talk '' – Two Door Cinema Clubs
`` Rules Do n't Stop '' – We Are Scientists
`` O.N.E . '' – Yeasayer
`` The Space Ahead '' – Zémaria
See also
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011
References
External links
Official site
2010 video games
2010
Electronic Arts games
EA Sports games
Association football video games
Esports games
Sports video games with career mode
IOS games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Wii games
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection games
Xbox 360 games
Nintendo DS games
Windows games
Wii Wi-Fi games
Video games developed in Canada
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Android ( operating system ) games
Java platform games
BlackBerry games
La Liga licensed video games
J2ME games
Interactive Achievement Award winners
D.I.C.E . Award for Sports Game of the Year winners
Exient Entertainment games
Edward Thomas Fairchild ( June 17 , 1872October 29 , 1965 ) was an American jurist and legislator , and was the 15th Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court .
Early life and education
Born in Towanda , Pennsylvania , Fairchild grew up in Dansville , New York , where he was educated . He was employed in a newspaper and studied law in the office of Rowe and Coyne . Later , he bought a farm in Dansville , where he would go to for vacations .
Career
After being admitted to the New York bar , he moved to Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he worked in the district attorney 's office .
In 1906 he was elected to his first of three terms in the Wisconsin State Senate , ultimately serving in the 48th , 49th , and 52nd sessions of the Wisconsin legislature . In 1916 , during the 52nd session of the legislature , he was appointed a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge in Milwaukee County .
In 1930 , Fairchild was appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court and served as chief justice from 1954 until his retirement in 1957 .
In 1957 , he administered the oath of office when his son , Thomas E. Fairchild , was sworn in as a member of the Wisconsin Supreme Court .
Notes
People from Dansville , New York
People from Towanda , Pennsylvania
Politicians from Milwaukee
Wisconsin state senators
Wisconsin state court judges
Chief Justices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
1872 births
1965 deaths
Lawyers from Milwaukee
New York ( state ) lawyers
This is a list of Brazilian entrepreneurs , businesspeople of Brazilian nationality or with Brazilian citizenship .
Abílio Diniz
Alexandra Gama
Aloysio de Andrade Faria
Andre Medici
Antônio Ermírio de Moraes
Ara Vartanian
André Esteves
Armínio Fraga
Assis Chateaubriand
Bob Falkenburg
Carlos Ghosn
Carlos Alberto Sicupira
Edmond Safra
Eduardo Saverin
Eike Batista
Count Francesco Matarazzo
Germán Efromovich
Gustavo Franco
Henrique Meirelles
Hugo Barra
João Carlos di Genio
Jorge Paulo Lemann
José Alencar
Julio Bozano
Luciano Hang
Marcel Herrmann Telles
Mike Krieger
Norberto Odebrecht
Olacyr de Moraes ( in portuguese )
Pedro Moreira Salles
Ricardo Semler
Roberto Marinho
Samuel Klein
Victor Civita
Walter Moreira Salles
Entrepreneurs
Entrepreneurs
Brazilian
The 25th Air Cavalry Brigade ( ) is a brigade of the Polish Armed Forces , headquartered in Tomaszów Mazowiecki . The brigade serves as air assault troops , enabling the formation to be transported to battle by helicopters in large numbers .
History
The 25th Air Cavalry Brigade was formed on June 15 , 1994 as the 25th Air Cavalry Division , inheriting the traditions of the Mazowiecka Cavalry Brigade . It was not just traditions that were inherited from its predecessors , with the formation 's role also intended to be similar to that of the old role of cavalry , which was now replaced by heli-borne troops instead of mounted troops . In September 1999 , the 25th Air Cavalry Division was downsized and reformed into the 25th Air Cavalry Brigade .
Role
The brigade serves in an air assault role , where troops are transported to and then inserted into battle using helicopters . This enables the brigade to have a high degree of maneuverability , being able to be transported rapidly to strategic or tactical situations .
Structure
The brigade has 3500 soldiers and is structured as follows :
25th Air Cavalry Brigade in Tomaszów Mazowiecki
25th Command Battalion in Tomaszów Mazowiecki
1st Light Cavalry Battalion in Leźnica Wielka
7th Uhlan Battalion in Tomaszów Mazowiecki
1st Aviation Group in Leźnica Wielka
1st Squadron with 16x Mi-8T transport helicopters
2nd Squadron with 16x Mi-17-1V transport helicopters
7th Aviation Group in Nowy Glinnik
1st Squadron with 12x PZL W-3WA Sokół armed transport helicopters
2nd Squadron with 12x PZL W-3WA Sokół armed transport helicopters
Air Medical Evacuation Unit in Nowy Glinnik with 2x PZL W-3WA AE Sokół and 2x Mi-17AE medical evacuation helicopters
25th Logistic Battalion in Tomaszów Mazowiecki
Gallery
See also
6th Airborne Brigade
References
Military units and formations established in 1994
Army brigades of Poland
1994 establishments in Poland
Dave Kane ( born ) is an American radio talk show host , comedian , performance artist , and author . Kane was born in Pawtucket , Rhode Island and currently still makes his home in the Ocean State .
Nicknamed `` The Pitbull of comedy '' in the 1980s during his time as a stand-up comedian , Kane is known for his passionate , sometimes confrontational style of talk radio , urging people to stand up for what they believe in and to take action in the face of injustice . One of Kane 's oft-spoken phrases is the well known quote , often attributed to Irish philosopher Edmund Burke , `` All that is necessary for evil to exist is for good people to do nothing . ''
In addition to his strong viewpoints about current local and national issues , his radio show , dubbed `` Kane and Company '' , also features Kane 's self-deprecating style of humor liberally peppered throughout . Conflict between Kane and his callers is commonplace , with some of the more vociferous people attaining the level of `` Prisoner . '' This is a title Kane reserves for the most antagonistic callers who consistently claim to hate his show , but who feel compelled to keep listening and/or calling back to argue .
Radio career
Dave Kane has been involved in the field of radio for over 50 years , beginning in 1962 , when he was 14 years old . His first radio-related job was at Pawtucket 's WPAW where he acted as an intern for radio legend Chuck Stevens ( an inductee into the Rhode Island Radio Hall of Fame ) . Kane 's first paying radio job at the now-defunct WKFD in North Kingstown lasted for just one day .
His involvement in talk radio began in the early 1970s when he worked as a producer for WJAR radio and filled in for the other hosts . From that point forward , Kane has carved a successful niche in Rhode Island talk radio , spending time at various stations throughout the state , including WPRO and WHJJ , the two of largest and most powerful talk stations in the state . In 2005 , Kane joined WNRI in Woonsocket , Rhode Island , becoming a weekday host in the 10am to 12pm time slot . Kane and WNRI parted ways in 2009 .
Dave Kane returned to the airwaves as a weekend host on WARA ( formerly WRNP and WARL ) in Attleboro , Massachusetts and currently occupies the 9am to 12pm time slot on Saturdays .
`` Father Misgivings ''
Aside from being involved in talk radio , Kane 's second major source of livelihood is his work as a performance artist . Kane is well-known regionally for creating the character of Father Misgivings , an Irish Catholic priest . In this one man play , which Kane describes as featuring `` blessings , Blarney , belly laughs and Bingo , '' the character of Father Misgivings tells stories and relates his views about the idiosyncrasies of growing up and living life as a Roman Catholic . Kane performs the show many times each year , usually in the form of a dinner theater , in venues throughout New England .
The Station Nightclub Fire
Kane 's son , Nicholas O'Neill , at age 18 , was the youngest victim of The Station nightclub fire of 2003 in which 100 people lost their lives . In the wake of this tragedy , Kane became a strong proponent of fire safety awareness and the enforcement of strict laws for the administration of fire safety inspections on public buildings . Kane was publicly opposed to Rhode Island Attorney General Patrick C. Lynch 's handling of the criminal trials of those involved in negligence leading to the fire .
41 Signs of Hope
In 2006 , Kane authored his first published book , 41 Signs of Hope . In the book , Kane shares anecdotes of synchronistic , and at times , seemingly supernatural occurrences revolving around the number 41 , which Kane and his family contend are communications from the spirit of his son Nicholas .
References
Dave Kane
Boston Globe Article May 17 , 2006
All Access article March 30 , 2009 `` Kane Exits WNRI ''
American radio personalities
1948 births
Living people
People from Pawtucket , Rhode Island
American stand-up comedians
Through the Ashes of the Empire ( ) is a 1976 Romanian war drama film directed by Andrei Blaier . Is a picaresque tale of betrayal , survival and coming of age based on a novel by Zaharia Stancu .
Plot
In 1917 , during World War I , the Diplomate ( Dinică ) and young Darie ( Oseciuc ) escape from a Bucharest occupied by the German Army only to come across , as they progress 'through the ashes ' of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the sufferance , despair , generosity and heroism that will lead them to very different conclusions .
Cast
Gheorghe Dinică as the Diplomate
as young Darie
as Spelbul
as Siteavul
as Dodu
Ernest Maftei as the Lăutar
as the Sergeant ( Feldwebel )
as a Romanian prisoner
as the white-bearded prisoner
as another prisoner
Petre Gheorghiu as the prisoner with glasses
Traian Petruț as another prisoner
Ion Porsilă as another prisoner
Anton Aftenie as Nea Aftenie , another prisoner
as a young prisoner
as the Fisherman
as the German officer
Irina Petrescu as the Serbian woman
as a Greek woman
Elena Albu as another Greek woman
as the Serbian partisan leader
Mircea Bașta as the socialist militant
as the Serbian interpreter
Gheorghe Tomescu
as the police commissioner
Constantin Vîrtejanu
Marieta Luca
Emil Raisenauer
Nicolae Simion
Ion Manolescu
Victor Radovici
References
External links
See also
List of World War I films
List of films based on war books
1976 films
1970s war drama films
1970s Romanian-language films
1970s German-language films
World War I films
Films set in 1917
Films set in Romania
1970s drama road movies
Films based on Romanian novels
Romanian historical drama films
1970s historical drama films
Films directed by Andrei Blaier
Anobrium minimum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Martins , Galileo and de Oliveira in 2009 . It is known from Brazil .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2009
The Cathedral Statutes Act 1707 ( 6 Ann c 75 ) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain .
It was repealed by section 54 ( 1 ) of , and Schedule 2 to , the Cathedrals Measure 1963 ( No 2 ) .
References
Halsbury 's Statutes ,
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1707
İlhan Şeşen ( born June 18 , 1948 ; Manisa ) is a Turkish musician and artist .
Career
İlhan Şeşen started his music life in 1968 . In 1971 , he released an album named `` Kavga '' . In 1983 , he founded Grup Gündoğarken with Gökhan and Burhan Şeşen . In 2001 , Şeşen released his second solo album , named `` Neler Oluyor Bize ? '' . After that , in 2003 , Şeşen released `` Ben Bu Şarkıları Kime Söyleyeyim ? '' . After the release of this album , he took a role in the TRT TV show Mühürlü Güller . In 2004 , he took a role in famous TV show Aliye . In 2005 , he released his 4. album , `` Aşk Yalan '' . In 2007 , he continued his TV career with several additional TV shows . Famous song of Leman Sam , named `` Rüzgar '' is one of the songs written by İlhan Şeşen .
Albums
Aşk Haklı ( 1994 ) ( Türker Production )
Neler Oluyor Bize ( 2001 ) ( DMC )
Şimdi Ben Bu Şarkıları Kime Söyleyeyim ( 2003 ) ( DMC )
Aşk Yalan ( 2005 ) ( DMC )
İlhan Şeşen ( 2006 ) ( DMC )
Gel ( 14 July 2014 ) ( Aşk Müzik Production )
Yedi Bölge İki Gölge ( 15 February 2017 ) ( Poll )
İstanbul'lu Şarkılar ( 26 May 2017 ) ( Sony )
Ciddi Eğlence ( 20 April 2018 ) ( Sony )
Akustik Hikayeler ( 2 October 2020 ) ( Sony )
Basmakalıp ( 23 September 2022 ) ( Sony )
Filmography
Aşk Üzerine Söylenmemiş Her Şey ( 1995 )
Cesur Kuşku ( 2001 )
Yeditepe İstanbul ( 2001 )
Bir Tatlı Huzur ( 2002 )
Mumya Firarda ( 2002 )
Mühürlü Güller ( 2003 )
Aliye ( 2004 )
Çocuğun Var Derdin Var ( 2004 )
Annem ( 2007 )
Şöhret Okulu ( 2007 )
Gönülçelen ( 2010 )
Anadolu Kartalları ( 2011 )
Bir Günah Gibi ( 2011 )
Hayatımın Rolü ( 2012 )
Görüş Günü Kadınları ( 2013 )
Asla Vazgeçme ( 2014 )
Paramparça ( 2015 )
Milat ( 2015 )
Saklı ( 2015 )
The Yetimler ( 2015 )
Aşk Yalanı Sever ( 2016 )
Propaganda 2 ( 2016 )
Saklambaç ( 2016 )
Tatlı Şeyler ( 2017 )
See also
Grup Gündoğarken
References
1948 births
Living people
Turkish male film actors
Turkish male television actors
Turkish musicians
Istanbul University Faculty of Law alumni
Nello as a name may refer to :
Nello Carrara ( 1900–1993 ) , Italian physicist and founder of the Electromagnetic Wave Research Institute
Nello Celio ( 1914–1995 ) , Swiss politician representing Canton Ticino
Nello Ciaccheri ( 1893–1971 ) , Italian cyclist competing at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Nello Cristianini ( born 1968 ) , Professor of Artificial Intelligence at the University of Bristol
Nello Di Costanzo ( born 1961 ) , Italian football manager and former player
Nello Falaschi ( 1913–1986 ) , American football player in the National Football League
Nello Lauredi ( 1924–2001 ) , former professional French road bicycle racer
Nello Musumeci ( born 1955 ) , Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for Islands
Nello Pagani ( 1911–2003 ) , Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and Formula One driver
Nello Pazzafini ( 1933–1997 ) , Italian actor who appeared in gladiator movies and Spaghetti Westerns
Nello Rosselli ( 1900–1937 ) , Italian Socialist leader and historian
Nello Russo ( born 1981 ) , Italian football ( soccer ) striker
Nello Santi ( born 1931 ) , Italian conductor
Nello Matías Sosa , Argentine football player
Nickname of C. L. R. James , Trinidadian journalist , historian , and socialist
Tulio Halperin Donghi ( October 27 , 1926 – November 14 , 2014 ) was an Argentine historian . After earning a Ph.D in history and a law degree at the University of Buenos Aires , he taught at the institution 's Faculty of Arts from 1955 to 1966 . Halperin Donghi then moved to the National University of the Litoral , where he was named dean . He later taught at Oxford University , and became a faculty member of the University of California , Berkeley in 1972 .
Biography
Halperin Donghi was born in Buenos Aires in 1926 . He received both a juris doctor and a Doctorate in History from the University of Buenos Aires in 1955 . Halperín became a renowned Latin American historian .
Exiled in 1966 , following the Noche de los Bastones Largos [ Night of the Long Batons ] , he divided his time between the University of California and the University of Buenos Aires . Halperin was given an award for Scholarly Distinction from the American Historical Association in 1998 , and authored numerous books .
Books
Un conflicto nacional : moriscos y cristianos viejos en Valencia , 1957
Tradición política española e ideología revolucionaria de Mayo , 1961
Historia contemporánea de América Latina , 1967 ( other editions
El Río de la Plata al comenzar el siglo XIX , 1961
Historia de la Universidad de Buenos Aires , 1962
Revolución y Guerra : Formación de una élite dirigente en la Argentina criolla , 1972
The Aftermath of Revolution in Latin America ( translation of Hispanoamérica después de la independencia ) , 1973
Politics , Economics and Society in Argentina in the Revolutionary Period ( translation of Revolución y Guerra ) , 1975
La democracia de masas , 1991
The Contemporary History of Latin America ( translation of Historia de América Latina ) , 1993
Proyecto y construcción de una Nación , 1996
Son Memorias , 2008
La Argentina y la Tormenta Del Mundo : Ideas e Ideologías Entre 1930 y 1945
References
External links
Google Books listing
1926 births
2014 deaths
Writers from Buenos Aires
Latin Americanists
Historians of Latin America
Argentine male writers
20th-century Argentine historians
University of Buenos Aires alumni
National University of the Littoral faculty
University of Buenos Aires faculty
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Academics of the University of Oxford
Cameraria eppelsheimii is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Texas , United States .
The larvae feed on Carya species . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf .
References
Cameraria ( moth )
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1878
Taxa named by Heinrich Frey
Taxa named by Jacob Boll
Alicia Molik and Mara Santangelo were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to Sara Errani and Bethanie Mattek .
Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual won the title , defeating Casey Dellacqua and Francesca Schiavone in the final 2–6 , 7–5 , 6–4 .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw
2008 French Open – Women 's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Women 's Doubles
French Open by year – Women 's doubles
2008 in women 's tennis
2008 in French women 's sport
John A. Rowland , commonly known in Spanish as Don Juan Rowland , was a settler and ranchero in the San Gabriel Valley of California . Born in Maryland , Rowland travelled across the eastern United States before immigrating to the Mexican territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México , where he naturalized as a Mexican citizen and married his first wife María Encarnación Martínez . He eventually made his way to Alta California , where he became a prominent landowner . Rowland Heights , California is named for him .
Early life
There is speculation about several aspects of the early life of John Albert Rowland ( April 15 , 1791–October 13 , 1873 ) starting with his birthplace depending on which reference is accepted as either Cecil County , Maryland or Pennsylvania . Also , there is speculation whether `` Albert '' was his middlename as he never used it on official or legal documents . His birthdate is also uncertain , as his tombstone indicated his age at death as 82 years rather than specific birth and death dates . Most census listings indicate a later than 1790 birth and differing birthplace : southeastern Pennsylvania ( Census 1850 , actually 1851 : 52 years old ) , across the river from Cecil County , Maryland ( Censuses 1860 : 62 years old and 1870 : 68 years old ) .
At an early date in the 19th century , the Rowland family migrated to Morgan County , Ohio , roughly between Wheeling , West Virginia and Columbus , Ohio along a heavily traveled westward route for many in the Eastern states in the first decade or two of the century . As a young man , Rowland , presumably , followed the Ohio River to the Mississippi and then to St. Louis . From there , he would have traveled along the Missouri River to the town of Franklin at the western edge of the United States . In 1823 , using the new Santa Fe Trail , he migrated to the Mexico territory of Nuevo Mexico , now the U.S. state of New Mexico .
Rowland , said to have been trained as a surveyor , moved to San Fernando de Taos , and become a fur trapper for a time , although he later operated a flour mill . In 1825 , Mexican citizenship followed before marriage to María Encarnación Martínez .
Workman-Rowland Party
In Taos , a friendship and eventually business partnership was established with William Workman with the manufacture of `` Taos lightning , '' a whisky popular with fur trappers returning to winter in town after a long spring , summer and fall period of trapping . Rowland and Workman were associated with several political actions that may have prompted their move to Alta California . For example , a Taos-based revolt seized the government of New Mexico and the two were presumably forced to swear loyalty to the unsuccessful rebels . The new governor , Manuel Armijo , was in office when Rowland and Workman were arrested for smuggling which although a common pastime may have been retribution for their feigned loyalty to the Taoseño revolt .
In 1840 , Texas president Mirabeau Lamar announced plans to peaceably annex all territory to the Rio Grande , including all the principal towns of New Mexico . His representative , William G. Dryden , named Rowland and Workman agents of the Texas government in New Mexico , although they were soon replaced and may have had little , if any , active role in promoting the scheme . Still , the two men decided to leave New Mexico , as the annexation scheme became an outright invasion , albeit a poorly planned and executed one that failed miserably .
Before the Texans straggled into New Mexico and were routed , Rowland and Workman , along with about two dozen other Americans and Europeans , had left New Mexico for California via the Old Spanish Trail in early September 1841 . On September 6 , 1841 , some 25 New Mexican immigrants joined the group and left Abiquiú , New Mexico , north of Santa Fe . The arid environment of the trail was known , so this trip was made in the Fall when there was grazing for the animals , as well as watering places . The size of the caravan probably helped avoid Native American attack . Although the expedition has often been referred to as an `` American wagon train , '' the Old Spanish Trail never could accommodate wagons and , moreover , there were in the group Europeans and , more importantly , New Mexicans , the latter of which had significant Native American ancestry . According to Workman and others , the second so-called Workman-Rowland Party arrived in southern Alta California , on November 5 , 1841 .
Land grants and ranching
In early 1842 , Rowland ( usually referred to as `` John Roland '' or `` Juan Roland '' in the land grant records ) petitioned in his name alone for a land grant and received preliminary possession of the Rancho La Puente .
Possibly with the grant preliminarily secured , Workman remained at La Puente while Rowland returned , in April 1842 , to New Mexico to retrieve his family . They and other immigrants traveled to California and arrived the same year at Los Angeles in December . By the next summer , Rowland constructed an adobe home about a mile east of Workman 's built the previous year . They set about improving the land as stipulated in the grant and probably engaging in the hide and tallow trade .
Nothing more is found about the Mexican land grant until shortly after 1845 when the two participated in the action that ousted the last non-California born governor for a Californio . Workman , as captain , and Rowland , as lieutenant , were involved February 1845 by leading a contingent of Californios who helped Pio Pico assume the governorship by force at a battle against Governor Manuel Micheltorena .
If Rowland was trained in surveying it did not show with the presumably estimated measurement identified in the original petition of 1842 as actions in 1845 had the grant extended to . In July 1845 the grant passed judicial confirmation status making the grant permanent in the names of both Rowland and Workman . The California Commission records do not support that Workman received in 1842 documentation supporting his rights to any part of the grant with Rowland before the 1845 confirmation . The first petition and title refer to `` he '' or `` Roland '' whereas the judicial title version of the grant refers to `` they . '' Whether Workman 's reputation in New Mexico was known in California or a suspicion because of his British ancestry is not known as a reason for him to not challenge the title instead lie low as the British thought nothing of extending their territory south of Washington into Alta California before California was brought into the Union .
In 1847 , Rowland built the first private grist mill in the Los Angeles region , not far east of his home . Rowland must have been doing well with his cattle , crops , orchards and vineyards as he exhibited at a California State Fair in the early 1850s a sheave of wheat . Rowland and Workman both sold part of their grape crops to the winemakers Kohler and Frohling . By the early 1860s success was enough to impress a touring correspondent that visited Workman 's place seeing cattle and horses as well as vineyards and orchards . Rowland was in a good position with the San Jose River running through the grant . It was possible for Rowland to transition from the boom of the 1849 Gold Rush to a livestock based agrarian environment , to include all types of fruits and vegetables .
About 1851 , he and Workman informally divided the grant with Rowland taking about in the east portion and Workman receiving the western part . In 1867 they received a US patent for their land , resulting from a 15-year protracted struggle to legitimize their land claim as required by the 1851 California private land claims act . Indeed , Rowland contacted Henry W. Halleck , Abraham Lincoln 's Chief of Staff , who had served as California Secretary of State and who had submitted one of the two reports to Congress about the viability of California private land claims , for advice on obtaining his patent . Halleck 's 1865 response was brief , but to the point : `` hire a lawyer and give him plenty of money . '' This Rowland did , hiring attorney Henry Beard , who prepared a published synopsis of the land claim in 1866 and who was successful in securing the patent .
A deed of partition was not officially recorded until 1868 .
Luis Arenas and Rowland were granted Rancho Los Huecos by Pío Pico in 1846 . Rowland also claimed eleven square leagues , situated at the confluence of the Stanislaus River and San Joaquin River , by Pío Pico in 1846 , but the claim was rejected .
Both Rowland and Workman seem to have been Union supporters during the US Civil War as they provided horses to the federal government . Of national significance , Los Angeles was connected to much of the remainder of the country when the railroad came to Los Angeles following a referendum on the subject in 1872 . Supposedly , both Rowland and Workman disliked the railroad going across the rancho based on a 1919 article in the area newspaper that indicated so . But a review of plat route maps show that portions of the rancho were sold to the railroad before the railroad acquired land closer to the depot grounds within the city .
Rowland retained most of his La Puente holdings until his death , after which the tract was divided amongst his second wife and his children . Upon the death of the second Mrs. Rowland there seemed to be complications with the estate distribution . In the 1880s , the railroad boom towns of Puente and Covina were created from the Rowland portion of the rancho and oil was discovered in the Puente Hills on a section left to the youngest son , William R. Rowland , who formed the highly successful Puente Oil Company . Today , heirs of Rowland through his namesake great-grandson , John Rowland IV , still own over a hundred acres in the City of Industry and Rowland Heights which are leased out for commercial purposes , though a ca . 1900 ranch home , an older barn , and a later dwelling were recently razed for commercial development that has not yet taken place .
Family life
John and Encarnación Rowland had ten children , of which 2 sons , John and Thomas , married daughters of Bernardo Yorba of the Rancho Cañón de Santa Ana . A third son , William R. Rowland , married , Manuelita , a daughter of Isaac Williams , owner of Rancho Santa Ana del Chino , and would also go on to be a two-term Sheriff of Los Angeles as well as an oil company president with the Puente Oil Company , drilling wells on his land in the Puente Hills after 1885 . Encarnación Rowland died in 1851 .
In 1852 , Rowland married Charlotte M. Gray , a widow with three children . In addition to Charlotte 's three children from her first husband , John B . Gray , they had a daughter , Mary Agnes Gray . She married General Charles Forman , who would go on to establish Toluca Lake .
John Rowland died in October 1873 and is interred at El Campo Santo Cemetery located on the grounds of the Workman and Temple Family Homestead Museum .
Legacy
The John A. Rowland House , built in 1855 for Rowland 's second wife Charlotte , is the oldest surviving brick structure in southern California , is located on Gale Avenue just inside the boundary of the City of Industry , California , adjacent to the Hacienda-La Puente Unified School District headquarters and is owned by the Historical Society of La Puente Valley , which has recently begun initial restoration efforts and intends to start some public programs there late in 2010 . Just east of Hacienda Heights is the unincorporated community of Rowland Heights , which contains John A. Rowland High School . Rowland Avenue in West Covina , California and Rowland Elementary School are named after him .
References
Paul R. Spitzzeri , `` The Workman and Temple Families of Southern California , 1830–1930 , '' Dallas : Seligson Publishing , 2008 .
Donald E. Rowland , `` John Rowland and William Workman : Southern California Pioneers of 1841 , '' Los Angeles and Spokane : Historical Society of Southern California and Arthur H. Clark Company , 1999
External links
County of Los Angeles Public Library , La Puente Valley , Community History
The Adobes of Rancho La Puente – Historic Adobes of Los Angeles County
La Puente Valley Historical Society
History of Los Angeles
History of Los Angeles County , California
People from Los Angeles County , California
People from Los Angeles
Naturalized citizens of Mexican California
San Gabriel Valley
1791 births
1873 deaths
California pioneers
People from Cecil County , Maryland
Clarita `` Claire '' Crisostomo dela Fuente-de Guzman ( ; December 28 , 1958 – March 30 , 2021 ) was a Filipina singer . She achieved celebrity status in the late 1970s with the jukebox hit `` Sayang '' and was given the title `` Asia 's Sweetest Voice '' because of her singing style . She was dubbed `` the Karen Carpenter of the Philippines '' because of her contralto 's resemblance to that of Carpenter 's . Her first album in 1978 was then the Philippines ' biggest seller at the time of release . She went on to record seven more albums . Besides `` Sayang '' , she was also known for hits like `` Minsan-Minsan '' and `` Nakaw na Pag-ibig '' .
She was given the title `` Queen of Tagalog Songs '' alongside Rico J. Puno as her counterpart . She was also named `` Jukebox Queen '' together with her contemporaries Imelda Papin , Eva Eugenio and Didith Reyes , and was also dubbed as `` Asia 's Sweetest Voice '' . She was a contralto .
She was also a successful businesswoman . She was the president of the Integrated Metropolitan Bus Operators Association ( IMBOA ) , though her bus franchise was cancelled in 2011 for joining a nationwide transport strike .
In 1977 , she teamed up with Eddie Rodriguez who wrote the song `` Halik Sa Paa , Halik Sa Kamay '' for an upcoming film starring Eddie Rodriguez and Vilma Santos .
Biography
Dela Fuente was 15 when she won the grand prize in the first singing contest she joined , singing The Carpenters ' `` Love Me for What I Am '' . By that time , the Accounting freshman at the University of the East knew she loved singing and was aware that she sounded like Karen Carpenter after a high school classmate had pointed it out .
Composer George Canseco , a fellow UE Alumni , and the head judge in the contest , gave the singer her first break by having her sing the jingle in a Hope cigarette commercial that became popular for its `` imported '' sound .
Dela Fuente left show business in her mid-20s after reaping its financial rewards . She was married by that time , having tied the knot at 19 to a man 10 years her senior . In 1993 , she set up the King of Kings Transport , which had to fold up a few years later , not turning out to be the lucrative business she had hoped it would be .
Six years later , dela Fuente was elected president of the Integrated Metro Bus Operators Association ( IMBOA ) , whose members make up 70 percent of all bus operators in Metro Manila . In 2003 , she made headlines when she spearheaded a boycott of the color-coding scheme that the MMDA had imposed for a week on all public utility vehicles as part of a traffic experiment . The move put her at odds with the equally headstrong MMDA Chairman Bayani Fernando .
In 2003 , dela Fuente went back to school to study transportation management at PUP then went ahead and finished a Masters in Business Administration at the University of Western Australia in 2005 .
In 2016 , she became a Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine having finished her degree from University of Makati . She studied this type of alternative medicine to be able to help people who are ill .
Besides being the spokesperson of the entire public transportation industry , she became a very successful businesswoman . She dabbled into the cosmetics industry , opening up The Skin Shop . Alongside this , she showcased her flair for culinary arts and opened Gracielo 's and Claire dela Fuente Seafood and Grill .
In December 2006 , her husband and best friend for more than 28 years , Moises ( Boy ) de Guzman , died after a five-month struggle with cancer . He was survived by dela Fuente and their two sons , Gregorio ( Gigo ; born 1986 ) and Gracielo ( Mickey ; born 1991 ) .
In 2008 , she teamed up with Richard Carpenter for her international album Something in Your Eyes .
In 2010 , she recorded a duet with Michael Bolton , `` The Christmas Song '' . The duet was included on her The Christmas Album under Viva Records .
Death
Dela Fuente died on the morning of March 30 , 2021 , at the age of 62 , due to cardiac arrest arising from complications of COVID-19 . She was admitted to the Pope John Paul II Hospital and Medical Center in Las Piñas , where she had been hospitalized after testing positive for COVID-19 .
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Singles
`` Baliw ''
`` 'Di Magbabago ''
`` Ibulong Mo Sa Hangin ''
`` Ikaw ang Simula ''
`` Kailangan Ko ' y Ikaw ''
`` Makikita Mo ''
`` Marupok Ka Man ''
`` Mga Bulong ng Pag-Ibig ''
`` Mga Nakaw na Sandali ''
`` Minsan Minsan ''
`` Nakaw na Pag-Ibig ''
`` Nangingiti ang Puso Ko ''
`` Pag-Ibig Mo ... Langit Ko ''
`` Sa Dulo ng Landas ''
`` Something in Your Eyes ''
`` Sayang ''
`` Unang Pag-Ibig ''
References
External links
De la Fuente is RP 's ‘ Karen Carpenter '
SPECIAL REPORT : Shattering the glass ceiling
1958 births
2021 deaths
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines
20th-century Filipino businesspeople
Filipino women pop singers
Filipino women in business
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation personalities
Singers from Metro Manila
University of the East alumni
Viva Records ( Philippines ) artists
20th-century Filipino women singers
21st-century Filipino women singers
20th-century businesswomen
21st-century businesswomen
The Hanoverian Western Railway was a line from the Löhne to Emden , built by the Royal Hanoverian State Railways in the mid-19th century in the west of the Kingdom of Hanover in the modern German states of Lower Saxony and North Rhine-Westphalia .
Route and construction
The development of Hanover 's western railways began in 1847 with the construction of the Hanover–Minden line . This line connected to the trunk line of the Cologne-Minden Railway Company from Cologne via Hamm .
The Hanoverian Western Railway branches off the Hamm–Minden line at Löhne station and runs along the valleys of the Else and the Hase south of the Wiehen Hills via Bünde and Melle to Osnabrück . As the next section from Osnabrück via Ibbenbüren to Rheine was located in the Prussian Province of Westphalia , it was built by the Prussian government and leased by the Royal Hanoverian State Railways . From Rheine , the line then runs along the Ems river to the north and through Salzbergen , Lingen , Meppen and Papenburg to Emden .
The line was opened in stages between 1854 and 1856 . First , the Emden–Papenburg section was completed on 24 November 1854 , without any connection to other lines . The Löhne–Osnabrück section was opened on 21 November 1855 to a temporary terminus at the Hannöversche Bahnhof ( `` Hanoverian station '' ) . The Lingen–Papenburg section was opened on 2 May 1856 and the remaining Osnabrück–Lingen section was put into operation on 23 June 1856 . At the same time the central workshops for the entire route were established in Lingen .
In the following years , Rheine developed as a railway junction . On 27 June 1856 , the Münster–Rheine line was opened and in 1865 the Almelo–Salzbergen line was opened , connecting to the Dutch network .
Transfer to Prussia
After the Austro-Prussian War , the Kingdom of Hanover was annexed by Prussia . The Royal Hanoverian State Railways became Prussian property and on 15 December 1866 , it became a division of the Prussian state railways , based in Hanover .
The section of line between Emden and Rheine was acquired by the Royal Westphalian Railway Company on 1 January 1868 .
Notes
References
Defunct railway companies of Germany
Ladyginia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Apiaceae .
Its native to parts of Central Asia . It is found in Afghanistan , Tadzhikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan .
The genus name of Ladyginia is in honour of Veniamin Fedorovich Ladygin ( 1860–1932 ) , a Russian botanist who collected in East Asia .
It was first described and published in Trudy Imp . S.-Peterburgsk . Bot . Sada Vol.23 on page 150 in 1904 .
Known species
According to Kew :
References
Apiaceae
Apiaceae genera
Plants described in 1904
Flora of Central Asia
is a train station in Yamaguchi , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
The Browning BSS is a side by side double barrel shotgun made by Browning from 1971–1983 .
References
Double-barreled shotguns
Pelomonas puraquae is a Gram-negative , rod-shaped , non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Pelomonas in the family Comamonadaceae . Colonies of P. puraquae are pale brown , with darker centers . It was first isolated from haemodialysis water in Mallorca , Spain . The species name is derived from Latin purus ( pure ) and aqua ( water ) .
References
External links
Type strain of Pelomonas puraquae at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Comamonadaceae
Bacteria described in 2005
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1966–67 season .
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1966–67 in Bahraini football
Bojan Dimitrijević may refer to :
Bojan Dimitrijević ( actor ) ( born 1973 ) , Serbian actor
Bojan Dimitrijević ( politician ) ( born 1963 ) , Serbian politician and former cabinet minister
Kira Nam Greene is a New York-based painter known for combining ethnographic imagery , meticulous realism , and layered patterns . Greene has expressed her commitment to painting as a way to explore feminism , materialism , and beauty .
Biography
Greene was born in Seoul , Korea and lives and works in Brooklyn , New York . She received a BFA from San Francisco Art Institute and an MFA from the School of Visual Arts . Prior to becoming an artist , Greene earned her PhD in Political Science from Stanford University and a degree in International Relations from Seoul National University .
Career
Greene has exhibited at Sheldon Museum of Art , Muskegon Museum of Art , Brown University , Salisbury University , Wave Hill , Bronx Museum of Art , Noyes Museum , A.I.R . Gallery , Accola Griefen Gallery , Lodge Gallery , Kiechel Fine Art and Jane Lombard Gallery . She has also been a visiting artist and lectured at the Brooklyn Museum , Maryland Institute College of Art , Union College , Salisbury University , SFAI , School of Visual Arts , and Rutgers University . She teaches in the MFA and BFA programs at Parsons ( The New School ) . where in 2018 she was the MICA Geneviève McMillan/Reba Stewart Endowed Chair in painting . Also in 2018 , she was a semi-finalist for the Outwin Boochever painting prize and a Bennet Prize finalist for women working in figurative painting . In October 2021 , Greene was a finalist for the Smithsonian 's National Portrait Gallery Outwin Boochever painting prize , whose winners were due to be announced on April 29 , 2022 .
Work
Greene 's work primarily focuses on the feminist exploration of painting via a combination of abstract patterns and representational forms . This strategy seeks to `` defamiliarize natural space and invite extended , sensual encounters with the paintings , where diverse representational modes coexist , and where the body appears as if seen for the first time . '' Instead of human figures , her earlier work used still lifes , especially food items , as allegorical stand-ins for the female body . Art writer and curator Emily Colucci commented about Greene 's use of food and bodily imagery , `` Greene 's painting not only provided a twist on Trump 's notorious pussy-grabbing comment , but it also hinted at the papaya 's vaginal qualities . The painting , particularly in the context of its title , humorously references the long legacy in feminist art of using food as a stand-in for the body as seen in works like Marilyn Minter 's 100 Food Porn paintings . '' Spurred by recent developments in the politics in America , Greene paints women in creative fields , posed to echo historical figurative paintings . Interviewing them and researching their working lives generates ways to render pictorially—through allusions , icons , objects , patterns , and symbols—the rich personhood of the subjects . Jorge Daniel Veneciano , former Director of the Sheldon Museum of Art , commenting on the vibrancy of the still-life genre in the era of transnationalism and globalism , states , `` Greene 's recent painting provides an arch interpretation of the still-life genre and the promises it makes . The pun in the title , Archway to Happiness , may or may not be her intention , but it supports a reading of the work as satirically commenting on the very rhetoric of the genre . It also foregrounds the transnational nature of still lifes , carrying allusions to Celtic , Moorish , and pan-Asian cultures . ''
Influences
Greene has expressed how the Pattern and Decoration movement of the 1970s and '80s had a large influence on her work . Her adoption of decorative patterns as the political statement of the marginalized also informs the status of her subjects . Greene states that her political science training informs the deep research into her paintings ' subjects . Greene has studied under Brett Reichman at SFAI and Jake Berthot at SVA , both of whom she cites as having influenced her approach to painting .
External links
Kira Nam Greene 's Website
References
Living people
Feminist artists
American conceptual artists
Women conceptual artists
American artists of Korean descent
21st-century American women artists
American people of Korean descent
School of Visual Arts alumni
San Francisco Art Institute alumni
Stanford University alumni
Seoul National University alumni
People from Seoul
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American women painters
The South Asian Journalists Association ( SAJA ) was founded in 1994 in New York City . Sree Sreenivisan , Dilip Massand , M.K . Srinivasan and Om Malik co-founded SAJA as a networking organization for South Asian journalists . It is a group of more than 1,000 journalists of South Asian origin in the U.S. and Canada . South Asia refers to India , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , the Maldives , Bangladesh , Bhutan , and Nepal . SAJA is a not-for-profit organization , governed by a Board of Directors which appoints its executive officers . As of January 2022 , the President of SAJA is Sabrina Malhi . In 2003 , the SAJA Group , Inc. , an affiliated non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization , was formed to jointly execute SAJA programming and events . SAJA is an important networking resource for journalists covering South Asia and journalists of South Asian origin . SAJA also offers internships , scholarships , and mentorship to journalism students and new journalists .
From its website :
The South Asian Journalists Association ( SAJA ) is a non-profit organization that provides a networking and resource forum for journalists of South Asian origin and journalists covering South Asia or the South Asian Diaspora . SAJA 's mission also includes acting as a resource to facilitate and promote accurate coverage of South Asia and South Asians in North America .
Executive Committee and Current Board Members
SAJA is governed by a 11-member Board of Directors . Board members are elected to two-year terms by Full Members of SAJA . As of January 2022 , the Executive Committee members of the Board are :
The other six members of the Board are :
Awards Ceremony
SAJA annually holds an award ceremony to recognize South Asian journalists and students in the U.S. and Canada and honor their excellent achievements as well as coverage of South Asia . The Association presents annual awards honoring work in print , broadcast and new media outlets , in categories including Outstanding story on South Asia , Outstanding photograph of South Asia or of South Asians in North America , and Outstanding story on any subject by a South Asian Journalist .
On October 3 , 2020 , SAJA awarded two awards to Pulitzer Center Reporting fellows , Kiran Misra . Misra received awards for Photography and Race and Diversity Reporting . That evening , SAJA also awarded Annie Gowen with the Daniel Pearl Award . This award recognizes outstanding reporting on South Asia . Gowen was recognized for her journalistic series on the rise in nationalism and treatment of minorities in India .
Digital Archives
SAJA 's website ( www.saja.org ) also is an online archive for the organization and a resource for journalists . The Association also maintains 15.5 linear feet of physical files and brochures of South Asian diasporic periodicals and articles .
External links
Notes
Organizations established in 1994
Journalism-related professional associations
Asian-American press
South Asian American organizations
Organizations based in New York ( state )
Sven Erik Berge ( born Svensson , 1 October 1919 in Ljusdal , Hälsingland , Sweden ; died 6 August 2004 in Malmö ) was a Swedish gymnasium-graduate in mechanical engineering , is most known for his time at the Royal Swedish Army Material Administration 's Ordnance Department ( later the Defence Material Administration ) , where he led the construction of stridsvagn 74 and stridsvagn 103 , but also as a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences since the early 1960s .
Biography
Sven Berge began his career during the summer of 1936 with an internship at Johansson & C : o Mekaniska Verkstad in Ljusdal , doing engine repairs and other mechanical-related tasks .
From the autumn 1936 to the summer of 1937 , he was an intern at Nydqvist & Holm AB in Trollhättan , assembling engines .
The summer of 1939 he did his last internship at the sales department of AB Atlas-Diesel in Stockholm , responsible for delivery control and statistics . The same year , he began his compulsory military service .
Berge graduated in mechanical engineering from Maskintekniska linjen at Örebro gymnasium in 1940 .
On his birthday 1943 , Berge was commissioned as fänrik of the Reserve after completing `` reservofficersaspirantskola för infanteriets pansarförband '' ( Reserve officer aspirant-school for the infantry 's armoured units ) at I 9 in 1941 and `` pansartruppernas reservofficersskola '' ( Swedish Armoured Troops reserve officershool at I 10 in 1942 . State of readiness-service lasted nine months and was carried out at I 9 as squad- and 2nd platoon leader somewhere between summer of 1941 and the end of 1944 .
On 1 December 1942 , Berge was employed by Kontrollbyrån at Tygavdelningen på Kungliga Arméförvaltningen ( KAF T ) ( Inspection bureau in the Material & Supply department of the Royal Swedish Army Material Administration ) in a so-called unified service , which meant he parallel was a civil servant at KAF and officer in the armed forces . This allowed him to continue as instructor and teacher for various armoured units when the work as inspector of tank production left some time to spare .
In the task as inspector was included to solve various technical problems related to armoured vehicles , something he did by his own initiative : early 1943 he wrote about using overpressure as protection against chemical weapons , the year after a suggestion regarding improved wading capabilities for stridsvagn m/40 was written .
By 1945 , Berge had advanced from assistant inspector to executive for grupp Pansarfordon ( group Armoured vehicles ) at the delivery section in Stockholm .
In the beginning of the 1950s , Berge was involved both in the evaluation of AMX-13 preceding a planned purchase of some 300-400 tanks ( aborted in 1953 when the English changed their position and offered direct delivery of the Centurion ) , and the meticulous pre-studies for a new domestic tank . Especially the effects in actual combat was scrutinised : where did the hits strike , what damage did they cause , and how did it effect vehicles and crews .
Although the Centurion was an excellent tank , a lighter , more numerous tank was also needed to support the infantry with direct fire .
Since the purchase from France was cancelled , another solution was required . Sven Berge suggested that the anti-air guns ( 7,5 cm luftvärnskanon m/36 and m/37 ) ) that no longer were adequate for their role was to be used to modernise the outdated stridsvagn m/42 . In 1954 , he was appointed project manager for the modernisation , given two m/42 to validate his suggestions . The problem with the long barrels causing the guns to be heavy on the nose was solved in a typical manner : gigantic Swiss clock-springs formed the basis of a balancing mechanism . Thus some 225 stridsvagn 74 was ordered , and delivered between 1957 and 1960 .
Sven Berge had by then already moved on to the construction that would make him famous and result in stridsvagn 103 . In August 1956 , his section manager Höglund and the Chief of Fordonsbyrån ( the Vehicle bureau of KAFT ) Eric Gillner was presented the basic concept . 22 October 1956 , `` Notification of a Swedish invention '' was filed , where the technical solution for gun laying using the tank 's tracks was detailed .
During the 1970s , Sven Berge was the chairman in a study group within the project Underlag Direkt Eld ( UDES ) ( Base data Direct Fire ) , that studied concepts and innovations concerning tanks and other combat vehicles .
Besides Swedish and English , Berge was also fluent in French , German and Russian , which certainly facilitated his constant reading and translation of specialist literature concerning combat vehicles and related technology .
After his retirement as senior chief engineer and head of the Study- and development section at Stridsfordonsbyrån ( Combat vehicle bureau ) , Försvarets Materielverk , in 1984 , Sven Berge opened his own consultant firm in Malmö , named `` Swedish Armour '' . He also participated in the `` Technical Advisory Group ” , at General Dynamics Land Systems i Detroit together with his personal friends Philip W Lett and general Israel Tal .
Sven Berge was buried on 17 August 2004 in Sankt Pauli kyrka , Malmö .
Sources
Main source
Where not specifically stated otherwise , the article is based on
Other references
1919 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Swedish engineers
People from Ljusdal Municipality
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
WWMC ( 92.9 FM , Gospel 1010 & 92.9 ) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Gospel format . Licensed to Kinston , North Carolina , United States , the station is currently owned by Donald W. Curtis , through licensee Eastern Airwaves , LLC .
History
WELS AM 1010 went off the air on November 7 , 2012 . The new station is on WWMC-AM Gospel 1010 And Now the new Power 250 Watts FM
on 92.9 W225CD . The Gospel station WELS-AM became WWMC in 2015 .
References
External links
WMC
Gospel radio stations in the United States
Fangqi ( ) is a strategy board game played traditionally throughout Northern China as a training game for weiqi ( Go ) . Fangqi is also known as diūfāng ( ) and xiàfāng ( ) . Muslim people of Chinese origin ( Dungans ) , brought the game with them to Central Asian countries such as Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan .
Equipment
Board size varies from region to region . In Ningxia , the game is played on a 7×8 gridded board using black and white Go stones , 28 stones per player . The game is popular in agricultural communities in Northwestern China , and often played on a board traced out on the ground .
Rules
The pieces are played on grid line intersections , the same as in Go . The game is similar in concept to nine men 's morris :
Players alternate turns placing stones , attempting to form 2×2 squares , until the board is filled .
Each player removes one of their opponent 's stones .
Each player counts up the squares he/she has formed and removes an equal number of the opponent 's stones , as long as those pieces are not part of a square .
Players alternate turns moving stones ; pieces can move any distance vertically or horizontally along a grid . Each time a player forms a square , the player removes one of the opponent 's stones ( again , as long as the piece is not part of an existing square ) .
The player who removes all of the opponent 's stones is the winner .
Variants
Xinjiang Fāngqí is played on a 7×7 board . Because this leads to an odd number of playing points ( 49 ) the first player has an advantage . Thus , the second player is allowed to remove one more stone from the opponent during the initial removal of pieces .
Other variants of the game allow encirclement of stones , as in Go . Still other variants disallow certain moves , for example , forming a square in the same way repeatedly ( similar to the ko rule in Go ) .
Because of the game 's popularity in rural areas , the game has many variants , each specific to its local area .
Ningxia Fāngqí
Xinjiang Fāngqí
Tibet Fāngqí
Nigel Fāngqí
Qinghai Fāngqí
大邊棋
關中掐方棋
六州棋
六道棋
五棍棋
大方棋
References
External links
Article describing the game and a few variants
Site describing the Xinjiang variant
Ningxia Fāngqí Video 1
Ningxia Fāngqí Video 2
Abstract strategy games
Chinese ancient games
Traditional board games
Seitsentahokas is the fourteenth album by the Finnish rock group CMX . It was released in 2013 and ranked as most sold album on The Official Finnish Charts .
Seitsentahokas is the first album with Olli-Matti Wahlström , as their former drummer Tuomas Peippo left after their previous album , `` Iäti '' .
Compared to their previous effort , Seitsentahokas is more diverse . To that end , first single `` Kusimyrsky '' is more progressive and heavy while second single `` Rikkisuudeltu '' is simpler and more pop-based .
Track listing
Lyrics by A. W. Yrjänä ; music as noted . Arrangements by CMX and Rauli Eskolin .
Valoruumis – 04:19 ( music Yrjänä – Janne Halmkrona – Timo Rasio )
Etuvartio – 03:33 ( music Yrjänä – Halmkrona – Rasio )
En tahdo nähdä enää yhtään alastonta – 05:10 ( music Yrjänä )
Luotisuora – 04:32 ( music Yrjänä – Rasio )
Nrsisti – 04:57 ( music Yrjänä )
Kusimyrsky – 08:01 ( music Yrjänä – Halmkrona – Rasio )
Rikkisuudeltu – 03:47 ( music Yrjänä – Halmkrona – Rasio )
Me tulemme kaikkialta – 05:34 ( music Yrjänä – Halmkrona – Rasio )
Jyrsijä – 04:10 ( music Yrjänä – Halmkrona – Rasio )
Seitsentahokas – 06:31 ( music Yrjänä )
Singles
Kusimyrsky ( 30.11.2012 )
Rikkisuudeltu ( 25.1.2013 )
Personnel
A. W. Yrjänä – vocals , bass
Janne Halmkrona – guitar
Timo Rasio – guitar
Olli-Matti Wahlström – drums
Raili `` Rake '' Eskolin – production , sounding and mixing
See also
CMX discography
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20140914022321/http : //cmx.fi/levyt/index.php ? album=seitsentahokas & type=album
CMX ( band ) albums
2013 albums
Opishnia ( , ) is an urban-type settlement in Poltava Raion of Poltava Oblast in Ukraine . It is located on the right bank of the Vorskla , a tributary of the Dnieper . Opishnia hosts the administration of Opishnia settlement hromada , one of the hromadas of Ukraine . Population :
Until 18 July 2020 , Opishnia belonged to Zinkiv Raion . The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine , which reduced the number of raions of Poltava Oblast to four . The area of Zinkiv Raion was merged into Poltava Raion .
Economy
Transportation
The closest railway station is in Poltava , approximately south .
The settlement has access to highway H12 connecting Poltava and Sumy . It is also connected by road to Lubny via Myrhorod .
References
Urban-type settlements in Poltava Oblast
Zenkovsky Uyezd
Star is an American drama television series created by Lee Daniels and Tom Donaghy . The series follows three young women who navigate the music business on their road to success . The series debuted on December 14 , 2016 on Fox and was renewed for a second season in February 2017 . The second season debuted on September 27 , 2017 . On May 10 , 2018 , Fox renewed the show for a third season , which premiered on September 26 , 2018 .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2016–17 )
Season 2 ( 2017–18 )
Season 3 ( 2018–19 )
Ratings
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
References
External links
Lists of American drama television series episodes
Izyaslav ( , ) was the son of Vladimir I of Kiev and Rogneda of Polotsk . When his father converted to Christianity in 988 , he had to divorce all his previous wives , including Rogneda . She and her son Izyaslav were exiled back to the lands of Polotsk – first to Iziaslav , and later to Polotsk .
Following Norse tradition , Izyaslav was sent with his mother to rule her homeland . There is also a legend that Rogneda tried to get Izyaslav to slay his father .
Despite possibly going against the will of his father , Izyaslav was able to continue his rule in Polotsk . He was first to make Polotsk autonomous from the Grand Duke of Kiev passing his title to his descendants after his death . His principality carried a wide degree of autonomy that later was passed on to his descendants . His glory was commemorated after an established city that was named after him .
Izyaslav died at the young age of about 23 , in 1001 , surviving his mother but predeceasing his father Vladimir of Kiev , thus excluding his descendants from ever succeeding the Kievan throne , according to the so-called `` Rota system '' .
The name of Izyaslav 's spouse is unknown . He had two sons : Bryachislav of Polotsk and Vseslav . Both were certainly minor at the time of his father 's death . Vseslav died , still in childhood , in 1003 , while Bryachislav survived to continue the Polotsk dynasty and to challenge the authority of his uncle Yaroslav the Wise . His direct progeny ruled Principality of Polotsk until 1222 .
References
External links
Litopys ( Chronicles )
Princes of Polotsk
10th-century princes in Kievan Rus '
11th-century princes in Kievan Rus '
Eastern Orthodox monarchs
People from Polotsk
Izyaslavichi family ( Polotsk )
Children of Vladimir the Great
Healing Hands ( 妙手仁心 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong medical drama series that ran on TVB Jade . It focuses on the lives and loves of the doctors and nurses at the fictional Yan Oi Hospital in Hong Kong . It is noted for its realism in depicting medical situations , thanks to the help of the Hong Kong Hospital Authority , who had loaned actual hospital equipment and facilities for filming . It can be considered the Hong Kong equivalent to the American television series ER , although its storyline are arguably mirrored in another American series , Grey 's Anatomy . Lawrence Ng is the main star of the show as neurosurgeon Dr. Paul Ching Chi Mei . The other main role is played by Bowie Lam , who plays Dr. Henry Lai Kwok Chu as an accident and emergency doctor who is best friends with Paul .
The show was followed by two sequels , Healing Hands II ( 2000 ) and Healing Hands III ( 2005 ) .
Cast
Leading stars
Lawrence Ng as Paul Ching Chi-mei ( 程至美 )
Bowie Lam as Henry Lai Kwok-chu ( 黎國柱 )
Flora Chan as Annie Kong Sun-yuet ( 江新月 )
Ada Choi as Jackie Tong Chi-lai ( 唐姿禮 )
Nick Cheung as Peter Cheung Chong-yip ( 張創業 )
William So as Gilbert Kong Moon-yuet ( 江滿月 )
Steven Ma as Joe Cheung Ka-yu ( 張家裕 )
Astrid Chan as Helen Ling Siu-ha ( 凌少霞 )
Angela Tong as Judy Chow Suk-yan ( 周淑茵 )
Recurring stars
Kenny Wong as Ho Tak-kwong ( 何德廣 )
Shirley Cheung as May Au Ka-ping ( 區嘉平 )
Eileen Yeow as Suki Chow Suk-ying ( 周淑瑛 )
Jojo Cho as Amy Yim Tung ( 嚴冬 )
Notes and references
External links
Healing Hands Reviews - www.spcnet.tv
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' background : # DAA520 ; '' | TVB Anniversary Awards
|-
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |Before : Rural Hero - August 28
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |TVB Jade Second line series 1998Healing HandsAugust 31 - October 9
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |Next : Burning FlameOctober 12 -
|-
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |Before : None
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |TVB Jade The Final Episode Special - Saturday at 21:30-23:30Healing HandsOctober 10
|align= '' center '' colspan= '' 4 '' |Next : None
TVB dramas
1998 Hong Kong television series debuts
1998 Hong Kong television series endings
Chinese medical television series
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kandy ( Lat : Dioecesis Kandiensis ) is a suffragan diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the ecclesiastical province ( covering all Sri Lanka ) of the Metropolitan Archbishopric of Colombo , but depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples .
The episcopal seat is St. Anthony 's Cathedral , in Kandy . The current bishop is Valence Mendis , appointed in 2021 .
Statistics
As per 2014 , it pastorally served 81,293 Catholics ( 3.2 % of 2,578,000 total ) on 5,733 km² in 27 parishes and 2 missions with 51 priests ( 39 diocesan , 12 religious ) , 329 lay religious ( 149 brothers , 180 sisters ) and 15 seminarians .
History
Originally erected on 20 April 1883 as the Apostolic vicariate of Kandy , on territory split off from the then diocese of Colombo ( soon promoted Archdiocese of Colombo , now its Metropolitan )
Promoted to Diocese of Kandy on 1 September 1886 , as a suffragan of the simultaneously elevated Archdiocese of Colombo .
On 18 December 1972 , part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Badulla .
Episcopal ordinaries
Apostolic Vicars of Kandy
Clemente Pagnani , Sylvestrines ( O.S.B.Silv . ) ( 20 April 1883 Appointed - 1 September 1886 ) , Titular Bishop of Hephæstum ( 1879.11.12 – 1886.09.01 ) , first as Bishop of Colombo ( Sri Lanka ) ( 1879.11.12 – 1883.04.20 )
Bishops of Kandy
Clemente Pagnani , O.S.B.Silv . ( 1 September 1886 - death June 1911 )
Bede Beekmeyer , O.S.B.Silv . ( 19 April 1912 - death 22 May 1935 )
Bernardo Regno , O.S.B.Silv . ( 27 January 1936 - retired 24 September 1958 ) , stayed on a while as Apostolic Administrator of Kandy ( 1958.09.24 – 1959.07.02 ) , during emeritate as Titular Bishop of Bagai ( 1958.09.24 – 1971.01.26 ) , died 1977
Leo Nanayakkara , O.S.B.Silv . ( 2 July 1959 - 18 December 1972 ) , next Bishop of Badulla ( 1972.12.18 – death 1982.05.28 )
Appasinghe Paul Perera ( 17 May 1973 - death 16 May 1989 )
Joseph Vianney Fernando ( 17 March 1983 - 9 October 2021 ) , also President of Bishops ' Conference of Sri Lanka ( 1995 – 1998 and 2004.04 – 2010.04 )
Valence Mendis ( 9 October 2021 – present )
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Sri Lanka and the Maldives
Catholic Church in Sri Lanka
Sources and external links
GCatholic , with Goggle satellite photo - data for all sections
Catholic Encyclopedia : Diocese of Kandy
Kandy
Ljupčo Malinkov ( born June 17 , 1983 ) is a Macedonian basketball coach who serves as head coach of KK Gostivar .
Honours
2017 , Macedonian Basketball Cup : Runner-Up
References
External links
BGbasket Profile
balkanleague.net
1983 births
Living people
Macedonian basketball coaches
Sportspeople from Kavadarci
21st-century Macedonian people
Sarcochilus borealis , commonly known as the small lawyer orchid , is a small epiphytic orchid endemic to Queensland . It has up to six thin but stiff , dark green leaves and up to ten green flowers with a white labellum that has reddish brown markings .
Description
Sarcochilus borealis is a small epiphytic herb with a stem long with between two and six thin but stiff dark green leaves long and wide . Between two and ten pale green to dark green flowers long and wide are arranged on a flowering stem long . The sepal is long and wide whilst the petals are slightly shorter and narrower . The labellum is white with reddish brown markings , long and wide and has three lobes . The side lobes are erect and the middle lobe is smaller with a prominent tooth . Flowering occurs between June and December .
Taxonomy and naming
The small lawyer orchid was first formally described in 1939 by William Henry Nicholls who gave it the name Sarcochilus olivaceus var . borealis and published the description in The North Queensland Naturalist . In 1989 David Jones and Mark Clements raised the variety to species status . The specific epithet ( borealis ) is a Latin word meaning `` northern '' .
Distribution and habitat
The small lawyer orchid grows on trees and vines in rainforest at altitudes of in the Mount Lewis National Park and on the Atherton Tableland .
References
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1939
borealis
Freedom of the seas ( , lit . `` free sea '' ) is a principle in the law of the sea . It stresses freedom to navigate the oceans . It also disapproves of war fought in water . The freedom is to be breached only in a necessary international agreement .
This principle was one of U.S. President Woodrow Wilson 's Fourteen Points proposed during the First World War . In his speech to the Congress , the president said :
The United States ' allies Britain and France were opposed to this point , as the United Kingdom was also a considerable naval power at the time . As with Wilson 's other points , freedom of the seas was rejected by the German government .
Today , the concept of `` freedom of the seas '' can be found in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea under Article 87 ( 1 ) which states : `` the high seas are open to all states , whether coastal or land-locked '' . Article 87 ( 1 ) ( a ) to ( f ) gives a non-exhaustive list of freedoms including navigation , overflight , the laying of submarine cables , building artificial islands , fishing and scientific research .
Historical background
Between the end of the 15th century up until the 17th century various powers claimed sovereignty over parts of the sea . In 1609 , Dutch jurist and philosopher Hugo Grotius wrote what is considered the foundation of international legal doctrine regarding the seas and oceans – Mare Liberum , a Latin title that translates to `` freedom of the seas '' . The Grotian concept of `` freedom of the sea '' was only accepted after a century long debate between Grotius ' ideas and John Seldens .
While it is generally assumed that Grotius first propounded the principle of freedom of the seas , countries in the Indian Ocean and other Asian seas accepted the right of unobstructed navigation long before Grotius wrote his De Jure Praedae ( On the Law of Spoils ) in the year of 1604 . Previously , in the 16th century , Spanish theologian Francisco de Vitoria postulated the idea of freedom of the seas in a more rudimentary fashion under the principles of jus gentium .
During World War II , nations started to expand and claim many resources and water territories all over their surrounding coasts . There were four international treaties meticulously drafted in the late 1950s and onto the 1970s , but the issues were not resolved between nations until 1982 when the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea was introduced .
UNCLOS is a Law of the Sea treaty : an agreement of rights and responsibilities of nations and their use of the world 's ocean with guidelines of trade , environment , and the management of marine and open seas resources . UNCLOS replaced the four international treaties drafted in the late 1950s through 1970s . As of 2013 , 165 countries and the European Union have joined the convention .
High seas and registration
According to international law , Article 92 of the convention which describes ships shall sail under the flag of one state only and , save in exceptional cases expressly provided for in international treaties or in this convention , shall be subject to its exclusive jurisdiction on the high seas ; however , when a ship is involved in certain criminal acts , such as piracy , any nation can exercise jurisdiction under the doctrine of universal jurisdiction . High seas were defined as any part of the sea that was not either territorial sea or internal waters , territorial waters and exclusive economic zones . Article 88 of the 1982 Convention states that the high seas shall be reserved for peaceful purposes . Many countries engage in military maneuvers and the testing of conventional weapons and nuclear weapons on the high seas .
In order to deliver the right punishment to the right person or state , ships must be registered to a country to show proof of ownership . The owner of the vessel sometimes prefers to pay the lower registration fees by picking countries such as Panama , Bermuda , Italy , Malta and the Netherlands . According to Cruise Lines International Association , 90 % of commercial vessels calling on U.S. ports fly foreign flags . To avoid the high cost with more rules and regulations , ships and tankers sometime prefer lower cost registration with a lower standard of inspection and regulation by picking a country that exercises less control over their registered ships , though many ships are owned by individuals or companies in another country ( most commonly Japan and Greece ) under a system called `` flag of convenience '' . Registering a ship in Panama means that the ship is governed by the maritime rules of Panama rather than the shipowner 's country . shipowners do this because Panama has low taxes and fewer labor and safety regulations than most other countries . shipowners can make their staff work longer hours in less safe environments , and therefore maximize their profits . Other countries , including Liberia , Cyprus and the Bahamas also offer flags of convenience , but Panama has the most ships registered under the scheme . Ships registered with the US will cost more , and the employee wages will be even higher . Freedom of the seas allows a ship to move freely on the ocean as long as it follows international law .
Trade opportunities
From the Vikings to the European , Central Asia , Africa and North and South America , trade has served an important role in history , and has been a key factor of a growing economy . Trade transfers the ownership of goods from one person or entity to another by getting a product or service in exchange from the buyer . When a ship sets sail , there may be many ports waiting for it to bring goods from all over the world for trade and sale . Free trade opening up markets to foreign suppliers increases competition . Without free trade , domestic companies may have enjoyed monopolies or oligopolies that enabled them to keep prices well above marginal costs . Trade liberalization will undermine that market power .
The World Trade Organization states that `` The ocean is a big part of the free trade happening around the world . Every day we see silk imported from China , fruits from Mexico , spices from India , chocolate from Africa and many more goods in our home were imported from another country . The ocean made it possible for many countries to put their cargoes on to ships and transfer them across the ocean . Dozens of nations joined the World Trade Organization . With goods to be traded from one nation to another through the transportation on various size vessels from coast to coast , trade promoted more economic value to goods where goods and services are produced to support the supply and demand of the participants in the organization . ''
The Merchant Marine Act of 1920 , also known as the Jones Act ( 46 USC § 883 ) is a maritime law that controls coastal trade within the United States and determines which ships may lawfully engage in that trade and the rules under which they must operate . The act is in place to protect jobs for US citizens and its people working at U.S. ports , and on U.S. vessels . Many vessels around the globe sail under many different flags , and have different crews from different parts of the world where the pay rate is much lower than the U.S . The Jones Act protects the Americans ' jobs and restricts coastwise transportation of passengers . 46 USC § 12108 additionally restricts the use of foreign vessels to commercially catch or transport fish in U.S. waters .
See also
Dominium maris baltici
Mare liberum
Passenger Vessel Services Act of 1886 , a similar law concerning passenger transportation between US ports .
Seaman status in United States admiralty law
Treaty of Alcáçovas
Treaty of Tordesillas
References
Sources
Freedom_of_the_seas by Hugo Grotius ( )
International relations
Law of the sea
Treaty of Versailles
Presidency of Woodrow Wilson
Hugo Grotius
Legal history of the Dutch Republic
Philosophy and thought in the Dutch Republic
Grimstead is an unincorporated community in Mathews County , Virginia , United States . Grimstead is located on Gwynn 's Island north-northeast of Mathews . Grimstead has a post office with ZIP code 23064 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Fraser family grave site and memorial at Hornet Bank is a heritage-listed cemetery and memorial at Hornet Bank Station , Hornet Bank Road , Eurombah near Taroom , Shire of Banana , Queensland , Australia . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 18 September 2008 .
History
Hornet Bank station in the upper Dawson River district was taken up in 1853 by Andrew Scott and the homestead , on a reduced acreage , remains the property of his direct descendants . In 1857 the station was the site of the killing by local Aborigines of eleven settlers , eight of whom were members of the Fraser family , who were managing Hornet Bank for Scott . The Hornet Bank massacre resonated deeply in colonial circles , escalating the frontier war in the Dawson River district and prejudicing subsequent European-Indigenous relationships throughout Queensland for decades .
Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt led the first European exploration of the upper Dawson River district in 1845 . Within two years of this expedition European settlement in the area had commenced , with squatters attracted by Leichhardt 's glowing reports of its rich pastoral land . One of the earliest settlers in the region was Andrew Scott , who took up the first of the Hornet Bank blocks in 1853 .
Born in Scotland in 1810 , Scott arrived in Australia in the late 1830s . He gained pastoral experience at the property of his future father-in-law , Robert Brodie , in the Hunter Valley district of New South Wales . Taking advantage of the newly opening pastoral districts in the north , in September 1853 he applied for a pastoral lease along the Dawson River . The Aboriginal name for the lease area was Gaganybilany , but Scott reputedly named it Hornet Bank after he was attacked by a hornet swarm there . In March 1854 John Fraser , a Scotsman who had worked as a bookkeeper at Jimbour Station on the Darling Downs before moving to Drayton , took on the management of Hornet Bank for Scott and moved there with his wife Martha and their children . In May 1856 , while overlanding Hornet Bank sheep to Ipswich , John Fraser became ill and subsequently died in town . Mrs Fraser stayed on at Hornet Bank and her eldest son William , who had established himself as a carrier based at Ipswich , returned to the property to look after the family . William , however , was often away for months at a time in connection with his business .
Around this time tension was increasing between local Aborigines , the Jiman ( or Yeeman ) people , and the settlers along the Dawson River . A series of incidents in 1856 and 1857 culminated in the killings at Hornet Bank Homestead . As the most western station along the Dawson River , Hornet Bank was an easy target for Aboriginal attack and in late October 1857 it was relatively unguarded with William Fraser absent from the station . The events that unfolded at Hornet Bank in the early morning of 27 October 1857 , described in the contemporary press as a `` dreadful calamity '' , resulted in the death of eleven inhabitants of the station , including eight members of the Fraser family , all of whom were women and children , attacked at the homestead . The sole survivor was Sylvester Fraser , the second youngest son of the family , who was aged 15 at the time . The victims were buried on the property . In October 1957 , to commemorate the centenary of the killings , a concrete memorial was erected on the grave site by Andrew Scott 's descendants .
The Hornet Bank killings revived squatter agitation for greater frontier protection and in the following six months a 'squatter 's crusade ' , supported by sections of the colonial press , was waged throughout the Dawson and Burnett districts by small bands of squatters and Native Police . It has been estimated that several hundred Aborigines were killed during this period . Sporadic warfare continued in the Dawson River area to 1870 .
Despite the 1857 tragedy , Andrew Scott retained ownership of Hornet Bank Station . In 1860 he married Robert Brodie 's daughter Christina , but the couple did not reside permanently at Hornet Bank until the frontier violence had been quelled . During the mid-1860s Hornet Bank was managed by Andrew Gordon , with whom Scott was in partnership . This was a period of physical expansion for the Hornet Bank head station , with a number of new structures erected , all timber slab construction . Scott 's father-in-law , Robert Brodie , was a stonemason by trade and is believed to have built most of the 1860s slab buildings at Hornet Bank prior to his death there in 1867 . Reportedly , after a new slab homestead was completed , the house formerly used by the Fraser family was used as a store . Gordon Reid , author of A Nest of Hornets ( 1982 ) , described the original house as `` like the usual bush hut of those days ; it had a verandah and a bark roof , and was divided into three main rooms - a sitting room , a store and a sleeping room , the last being in the middle . ''
Andrew Scott had acquired numerous properties in the Leichhardt district by the mid-1880s , when Hornet Bank was one of 19 runs he consolidated as the 640 square mile Goongarry Station . In November 1887 the oldest improvements on Hornet Bank were the woolshed and associated yards and pens , which were 30 years old ( i.e . erected ) . The main house , constructed of shingles , slabs and sawn timber and the store , of shingle and slab with excavated cellars , were recorded as 22 years old ( i.e. , erected ) . A cottage of sawn timber with an iron roof had just been erected ( ) . At this time the head station also contained a buggy and dray shed , a meat house , a school house of slabs with an iron roof , and a stables . No mention was made in the 1887 report of a slab house or store dating to the 1850s . Of the structures on Hornet Bank extant in 1887 , only the slab building survives .
That the residence associated with the 1857 killings had been removed was confirmed in 1916–1917 , when the station was visited by the Royal Commission into Public Works enquiring into a proposed railway from Juandah ( now Wandoan ) to Taroom : `` When the Commissioners visited Hornet Bank during one of their inspection tours they found that the old homestead where the massacre occurred was removed and in its stead a more up-to-date residence erected . ''
On Andrew Scott 's death in 1892 , Hornet Bank passed to his sons .
Description
The Fraser family grave is located approximately northwest of the Hornet Bank home yard , beyond a waterhole . The site is marked by a fence of hollow metal rails between low timber posts . There is no evidence of individual graves or headstones within this enclosure .
A stepped three-tiered concrete plinth stands to the middle of the fenced area and accommodates a plaque , with the inscription : In memory of the Fraser family who were massacred at the station homestead by the aborigines on October 27th 1857.Erected by the descendants of the late Andrew Scott , founder of Hornet Bank September 8 , 1853 . Unveiled 27th October 1957.A small metal plaque at the base of the front face of the memorial records : Hugh T Scott & J Hamilton , Builders
Heritage listing
The Fraser family grave site and memorial at Hornet Bank was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 18 September 2008 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .
The Fraser family grave site and memorial is significant for its association with early non-Indigenous settlement on the upper Dawson River region , during a period of violent interaction between European pastoralists and Indigenous people . Hornet Bank station , established in 1853 , was one of the earliest pastoral runs taken up in the Leichhardt district . In 1857 the head station was the site of an attack by Aborigines in which eleven inhabitants of the station were killed , including eight members of the Fraser family , all of whom were buried on the property . The Hornet Bank killings escalated a sporadic frontier war in the Dawson River area until Indigenous resistance was quelled by 1870 , and prejudiced subsequent European-Indigenous relationships throughout Queensland for decades .
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland 's history .
Through archaeological investigation of the grave site combined with extensive documentary material relating to the 1857 killings at Hornet Bank , the place has the potential to yield information that will contribute to further understanding of frontier relations between Aborigines and non-Indigenous settlers .
References
Attribution
Further reading
— full text available on-line via the University of Queensland
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Western Downs Region
Monuments and memorials in Queensland
Cemeteries in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Joel Honig ( October 13 , 1936 – September 25 , 2003 ) was an American music critic , copy editor , writer , and pianist . He is best remembered for his extensive contributions to Opera News magazine .
Born in Chicago , Illinois , Honig studied piano at the Manhattan School of Music before entering Columbia University where he was part of a social group of young men that included composer John Corigliano and theatre director Michael Kahn . During his junior year he studied French literature at the Sorbonne in Paris . He was a close friend of playwright William M. Hoffman whom he met at a bar in Greenwich Village in the 1950s . Hoffman said of the event , `` I was dead drunk , reciting a Jean Genet poem in French at the top of my lungs , and Joel came up to me and finished the poem . And we became fast friends . ''
In the late 1950s Honig served as the personal secretary of composer Gian Carlo Menotti , notably working with him when he founded the Festival dei Due Mondi in 1958 . Around that same time he began working as a freelance writer and music critic . He notably was a regular contributor to Opera News magazine for 40 years . In the 1960s , he served as the rehearsal accompanist and concert pianist for the Harkness Ballet and also worked in the studios of many of the era 's leading ballet instructors . He even attempted , unsuccessfully , to teach Rebekah Harkness to play the piano . He later worked for 19 years as a copy editor for Charles Scribner 's Sons . He barely contained a fantastic intellect within a searing wit . There were few subjects , and few people , he had no opinion about . A longtime friend of Raymond Guy Wilson , Juilliard graduate , also of Harkness House , and Director of Music for the National Academy of Dance . He led a life of loyalty to old friends , contempt of stupidity , and grudging hope in the improvement of Mankind . Quote : `` Expectations are very limited . ''
References
1936 births
2003 deaths
American music critics
American male non-fiction writers
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Columbia University alumni
University of Paris alumni
20th-century American pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century American male writers
The Bolgo language is a member of the Bua languages spoken in south-central Chad , in the villages of Koya , Boli , Gagne , and Bedi southeast of Melfi , by about 1,800 people ( SIL 1993 ) . Speakers also make up the majority of the population of Sorki canton in Chinguil sub-prefecture .
Dialects
According to de Rendinger , it has two principal dialects , Bolgo Werel around Daguela and Bolgo Mengo around Aloa-Niagara , as well as a dialect called Bolgo Bormo ; according to the Ethnologue , its principal dialects are called Bolgo Dugag and Bolgo Kubar ( `` small '' and `` great '' Bolgo . ) Great Bolgo is spoken to the north , bordering Mogum and Saba ; Little Bolgo is spoken to the south , bordering the closely related language Koke as well as Chadian Arabic .
Bolgo groups and names listed by Kastenholz ( 2017:4 ) :
Grammar
Its typical word order is subject–verb–object , noun–adjective , aspect–verb , possessor–possessed . There is no true plural , but -gi serves as a collective marker . The verb is negated with ta , placed at the end of the sentence .
Example sentences :
in-nāṇ rīm nāṇ n'ini ( give-me water I drink ) , `` give me water to drink ''
ibéri koko ao léti ( man marry woman two ) , `` the man married two women '' .
Bibliography
Gen. de Rendinger , `` Contribution à l'étude des langues nègres du Centre Africain '' , Journal de la Société des Africanistes , XIX-II , 1949 , pp . 143–194 .
Peter Fuchs , 1970 , Die Religion der Hadjerai : Kult und Autorität . Berlin . ( Contains an ethnolinguistic map of the region . )
Kastenholz , Raimund ( 2017 ) . La Langue Bolgo du Guéra ( Tchad ) : Notes de recherche et matériel lexical . Arbeitspapiere des Instituts für Ethnologie und Afrikastudien der Johannes Gutenberg-Universität Mainz . ( Working Papers of the Department of Anthropology and African Studies of the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz ) 172 .
Tikka , Katie Ann . 2019 . `` Phonology And Morphology Of Bolgo '' ( 2019 ) . MA thesis , University of North Dakota . https : //commons.und.edu/theses/2869
References
Languages of Chad
Bua languages
Triathlon at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held 26 October 2008 in Bali , Indonesia .
Medalists
Medal table
Results
Men 's individual
26 October
Women 's individual
26 October
References
Official site
2008 Asian Beach Games events
Asian Beach Games
2008
Peschl is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ernst Peschl ( 1906–1986 ) , German mathematician
Markus F. Peschl ( born 1965 ) , Austrian philosopher of mind
Noemi Peschl ( born 2000 ) , Swiss synchronized swimmer
Fort De Roovere is an earthen fort , constructed as part of the Dutch Water Line , ( Hollandse Waterlinie ) , a series of water-based defences conceived by Maurice of Nassau in 1628 during the Eighty Years War where it defended against Spanish attackers . It is located near Halsteren .
In 1747 , during the Austrian War of Succession ( 1740–1748 ) the fort was under siege by the French . This siege has been extensively documented . Eventually , the fortress Bergen op Zoom fell and the siege was abandoned .
During the Napoleonic Wars Bergen op Zoom was besieged again , this time by the English as they chased the French back to their homeland . During this time the Fort de Roovere seems to have received some upkeep but was not attacked . After the end of this conflict the fort was abandoned .
The fort is open from the ‘ back ' , and the ‘ front ' consists of two bastions . Until the renovation in 2010 the fort 's moat was dry and the surrounding area and banks were overgrown with trees .
Renovation
Over the years the de Roovere fort had fallen into major disrepair , but a foundation has now been established , `` Friends of Fort de Roovere '' , whose goal is to make sure the fort is not forgotten .
In mid 2010 , extensive renovation of the fort began with the removal of the undergrowth and a deepening of the old moat so that the fort could be more easily recognizable as such . In addition , a novel bridge was designed by RO & AD Architecten in Halsteren , The Netherlands . To access the fort without disrupting its original design , and because the idea of a bridge crossing the moat seemed disrespectful , RO & AD conceived an unusual partially submerged bridge . The structure has taken on the name `` The Moses Bridge '' , as it appears to divide the moat 's waters . RO & AD Architecten also designed a watchtower named Pompejus on the site that doubles as seating for an open air theater .
The clearing of the area led to many local protests . Little to no interest was paid to archeological research as there should be traces of the French siege nearby . Local amateurs with metal detectors still regularly find cannonballs there , which likely originated from the siege .
The improvements include recreational functions , and the site contains several routes for cycling and hiking .
References
External links
The official tourism website of the province of Brabant , the Netherlands on Fort de Roovere .
Amazing places on earth
Walking across the Moses Bridge
Atlas Obscura
Bridge parts moat waters like Moses
Roovere
Monuments and memorials in the Netherlands
Buildings and structures in North Brabant
History of Bergen op Zoom
St Maurice 's Church is an Anglican church and Grade I Listed building in Horkstow , North Lincolnshire , England .
History
The tower , nave , arcades , chancel , and north aisle of the parish church date to at least the 13th century . The south aisle and clerestory are later , dating to the 14th and 15th centuries . Various repairs and reconstructions were undertaken from the 17th to 19th centuries . An interior restoration of 1868 included a reseating of the church at a cost of £450 . A restoration to the exterior was undertaken in 1895 .
Monuments
Within the church is an oval , marble tablet to Catherine Ayers dating to 1759 , and at the east end of the nave , one to Rear Admiral Thomas Shirley ( leader of Shirley 's Gold Coast expedition ) , dated to 1814 , and one to Colonel John Tufnell , dated 1838 .
Gallery
References
13th-century church buildings in England
Church of England church buildings in Lincolnshire
Grade I listed churches in Lincolnshire
Borough of North Lincolnshire
13th-century establishments in England
The women 's middleweight ( 60 kg/132 lbs ) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O . World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments , involving eleven fighters from four continents ( Europe , Asia , Africa and South America ) . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules .
Due to the lower than expected competitors for a sixteen-person tournament , five of the fighters had byes through to the quarter finals . The tournament was won by Valerija Kurluk from Kazakhstan who defeated the Russian Fatima Bokova by split decision in their gold medal match . Italian Barbara Plazzoli and Croatian Ana Mandic were rewarded for their semi final positions with bronze medals .
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Michael Maximino C. Elgar ( born May 8 , 1976 ) is a Filipino musician currently performing as a guitarist and one of the lead vocalists for the band Rivermaya . He has been the band 's longest serving guitarist , ever since he joined in May 2001 .
Music career
At the age of 10 , he learned to play guitar . When he was 13 years old , he already formed a band and played his first gig and in 1992 ( 15 years old ) , he is already a national guitar champion .
In 1999 , he signed as a recording artist in the Jett Pangan Group and produce 1 Extended Play and 1 album before it was dissolved in 2001 .
In 2000 , he formed the band 7 Foot Junior as its frontman and guitarist .
He was later recruited by Rivermaya in May 2001 with Japs Sergio ( from Daydream Cycle ) and Kakoy Legaspi ( from Mr. Crayon ) after the departure of the original bassist Nathan Azarcon and session/touring guitarist J-John Valencia ( who left by Summer of 2001 ) .
He has since then played with the band as lead guitarist and eventually became one of the lead vocalists of the band . He is also one of the songwriters in the band .
Personal life
Elgar is a communications graduate of the Ateneo de Manila University .
Discography
Rivermaya
Tuloy ang Ligaya ( 2001 )
Between the Stars and Waves ( 2003 )
You 'll Be Safe Here ( EP ) ( 2005 )
Isang Ugat , Isang Dugo ( 2006 )
Bagong Liwanag ( EP ) ( 2007 )
Buhay ( 2008 )
Closest Thing to Heaven ( 2009 )
Panatang Makabanda ( 2013 )
Sa Kabila ng Lahat ( 2017 )
References
1976 births
Living people
Musicians from Manila
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
Rivermaya members
Lead guitarists
Constant bearing , decreasing range ( CBDR ) is a term in navigation which means that some object , usually another ship viewed from the deck or bridge of one 's own ship , is getting closer but maintaining the same absolute bearing . If this continues , the objects will collide .
Risk
Sailors , especially deck hands and those who stand watch on the bridge , are trained to watch for this situation and make it known when they detect it happening . The reasoning is subtle : non-sailors who are used to driving automobiles normally are able to detect the possible risk of a collision with implicit reference to the background ( e.g. , the street , the scenery , the landscape , etc . ) At sea , when vessels are borne in water , the sea surface removes this vital visual clue . Unaware individuals tend to gauge the risk of two vessels colliding based on which direction each vessel is heading . In other words , a novice will think that two vessels which appear to be heading apart from each other can not collide . This is false , as when a faster vessel is overtaking a slower one , they can in fact have a collision even though the vessels are on substantially different headings .
On a river , CBDR is less useful , as it is likely that both the observed and the observing vessel will follow curving courses along the waterway , whether or not they are on a collision course . In such situations safe navigation depends on upstream and downstream traffic keeping to separate sectors of the navigable channel .
Visual clues
When a non-moving background ( typically the shore line ) is present , CBDR situations can but not always be recognized by the fact that some part of the moving target vessel is not visually moving against the background . On the other hand , if the target vessel visually moves forward against the background , with relative bearing decreasing , then the target vessel will pass in front of the observing vessel and there is no risk of collision , provided both vessels maintain constant speed and course . Similarly , if the target vessel visually moves backwards against the background , with relative bearing increasing , the target vessel will pass behind the observing vessel . However , this method of recognizing non-CBDR conditions is only true for relatively small observing vessels . With larger vessels , only an observer positioned near the bow can reliably make the first conclusion , whereas the second conclusion can only be left to an observer positioned near the stern .
Relative bearing
Another source of confusion arises from the distinction between relative bearing and absolute bearing . One might think that another vessel which seems to be progressing from , perhaps , dead ahead to apparent movement down one 's starboard side can not result in a collision . This is not quite true . Because a vessel afloat can change its true heading ( relative to north ) without obvious detection ( unless there are landmarks in sight ) two vessels may collide even if one presents a substantially changing relative bearing .
Road safety
The phenomenon also presents itself in road safety . At the crossing of two straight roads , a CBDR condition may occur and keep one vehicle in the other 's blind spot . Even without blind spots , the lack of optic flow makes for harder spotting .
See also
Motion camouflage
Proportional navigation
References
Nautical terminology
Navigation
Abigail `` Abba '' Alcott ( née May ; October 8 , 1800 – November 25 , 1877 ) was an American activist for several causes and one of the first paid social workers in the state of Massachusetts . She was the wife of transcendentalist Amos Bronson Alcott and mother of four daughters , including Civil War novelist Louisa May Alcott .
Early life
Abigail May came from a prominent New England family . On her mother 's side , she was born into the families of Sewall and Quincy . Her mother , Dorothy Sewall , was the great-granddaughter of Samuel Sewall , a presiding judge of the Salem witch trials . Her father , Colonel Joseph May , was a lauded Unitarian layman . As a child she did not regularly attend a formal school . Rather , she was educated in history , languages , and sciences by her tutor Abigail Allyn in Duxbury , Massachusetts . She was introduced to her future husband , Amos Bronson Alcott in Brooklyn , Connecticut . Abigail May later applied for an assistant position in Alcott 's school in Boston . They married in 1830 and collaborated on projects such as the failed utopian community Fruitlands and the Temple School .
Activism
A woman suffragist and an activist for the temperance movement , the poor , and the abolition of slavery , Abigail May Alcott imbued strong values in her four children . She and her husband served as stationmasters on the Underground Railroad . According to her second daughter , author Louisa May Alcott , she `` always did what came to her in the way of duty and charity , and let pride , taste , and comfort suffer for love 's sake '' . Such humanitarian ideals extended beyond her household to the city of Boston , Massachusetts , where she accepted a full-time job as a social worker in 1848 .
Writings
Abigail May Alcott 's personal writings were first collected and published in 2012 , under the title My Heart Is Boundless : Writings of Abigail May Alcott , Louisa 's Mother ( Free Press ) . The collection was edited by her great-niece Eve LaPlante ( descended from Abba 's brother Samuel Joseph May ) , the author of the dual biography Marmee & Louisa : The Untold Story of Louisa May Alcott and Her Mother ( Free Press , 2012 ) .
She compiled a collection of vegetarian recipes ( her husband was a vegetarian and cousin of William Alcott who was a student of the dietary reformer Sylvester Graham ) . The recipes were similar to the diet depicted in Transcendental Wild Oats ( 1873 ) , Louisa May Alcott 's fictionalized account of Fruitlands .
Children
Anna Bronson Alcott ( March 16 , 1831 – July 13 , 1893 )
Louisa May Alcott ( November 29 , 1832 – March 6 , 1888 )
Elizabeth Sewall Alcott ( June 24 , 1835 – March 14 , 1858 )
Frederick Alcott ( April 4 , 1839 - April 6 , 1839 )
May Alcott ( July 26 , 1840 – December 29 , 1879 )
Death
The death of Elizabeth `` Lizzie '' Sewall , the model for Beth in Little Women , on March 14 , 1858 , made Abba depressed and sad . Nineteen years after Lizzie 's death , Abba herself died in November 1877 . Louisa wrote in her journal : `` I never wish her back , but a great warmth seems gone out of life ... She was so loyal , tender , and true , life was hard for her and no one knew all she had to bear but her children . '' Abba is buried in the Sleepy Hollow Cemetery , Concord alongside her husband and three of her daughters .
See also
Amos Bronson Alcott
Transcendental Club
Utopias
Women 's Rights
References
Alcott family
American social workers
1800 births
1877 deaths
People from Concord , Massachusetts
American women activists
Underground Railroad people
American temperance activists
Activists from Massachusetts
Sewall family
Quincy family
American suffragists
Milton John Nieuwsma ( pronounced `` news-ma '' ) ( born September 5 1941 ) is an American writer , journalist and filmmaker noted for his work on the Holocaust . His 1998 book Kinderlager , about three young concentration camp survivors , was the basis for the 2005 Emmy Award-winning documentary , Surviving Auschwitz : Children of the Shoah , which he wrote and co-produced . Nieuwsma won a second Emmy in 2006 for the film Defying Hitler .
Early life
Nieuwsma was born in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , the son of John Nieuwsma , a Dutch Reformed minister , and Jean ( née ) Potter , a teacher . In 1945 , after World War II , his family moved to Bellflower , California . At the age of 5 , he met Corrie ten Booms , a Dutch-born concentration camp survivor and author of The Hiding Place , whose family had hidden Jews in their Netherlands home during the war . Ten Boom was a guest at the Nieuwsma parsonage in Bellflower . In a 2001 interview , Nieuwsma recalled `` sitting on ( ten Boom 's ) lap ... listening to her talk and wondering to myself , 'Who is this woman ? ' She reminded me of my grandmother . '' Ten Boom inspired him to learn more about the Holocaust .
Writing career
Nieuwsma started his writing career as a reporter for the Holland ( Michigan ) Evening Sentinel , while in high school . After graduating with an English degree from Hope College in 1963 , he worked as a public information officer at Wayne State University in Detroit and hosted a weekly radio program , The Fifth Freedom , on WQRS-FM , a Detroit fine arts station . In the late 1970s , Nieuwsma began writing historical features and travel articles for the Chicago Tribune . In 1978 , he received a master 's degree from the University of Illinois Springfield .
In 1994 , while teaching journalism at Rutgers University in New Jersey , Nieuwsma met Tova Friedman , believed to be the youngest Auschwitz survivor , which inspired him to write Kinderlager . Friedman is one of three children featured in the book . In 2001 Kinderlager was selected by the Hogere Europese Beroepen Opleiding ( Institute for Higher European Studies ) in The Hague as one of the top 10 books written on the Holocaust .
In 2005 the book was reissued under the title Surviving Auschwitz : Children of the Shoah as a companion to the PBS documentary which Nieuwsma wrote and co-produced . Released in 2005 , the film received an Emmy Award from the Michigan chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for best historical documentary . The film also won a First Place Gold Camera Award at the International Film and Video Festival in Los Angeles . Today , Surviving Auschwitz is featured in many school-based Holocaust studies programs in the United States .
Nieuwsma won a second Emmy in 2006 for writing and co-producing Defying Hitler , a documentary about a Jewish fighter in the Polish Resistance .
Personal life
Since 1997 Nieuwsma has lived in Holland , Michigan , where he continues to write . He and his wife , the former Marilee Gordon ( m. February 1 1964 ) , have three children , Jonathan , Greg and Elizabeth , and seven grandchildren .
External links
Lesson Plans for Surviving Auschwitz ( grades 6-8 )
Lesson Plans for Surviving Auschwitz ( grades 9-12 )
Society of Midland Authors biography ( 2006 )
`` Outliving Auschwitz '' , Chicago Tribune ( Jan. 30 , 2005 )
Tova Friedman interview on Today Show NBC ( Jan. 27 , 2005 )
`` Illuminating the Darkness '' , Chicago Tribune ( Apr . 2 , 2000 )
Milton Nieuwsma interview on The Hour of Power ( Nov. 15 , 1998 )
Sources
Who 's Who in America ( 63rd ed. , 2009 )
Who 's Who in the World ( 26th ed. , 2009 )
Contemporary Authors ( vol . 213 , 2004 )
Chicago Tribune ( Jan. 30 , 2005 )
Grand Rapids Press ( Apr . 25 , 2006 )
Holland Sentinel ( Nov. 4 , 2001 )
Note : For critical reviews of Nieuwsma 's work , see Contemporary Authors ( vol . 213 , 2004 , pp . 306-307 ) ; Something About the Author ( vol . 142 , 2004 , pp . 140-141 ) .
American non-fiction writers
American people of Dutch descent
Living people
1941 births
Hope College alumni
We Stand Tall is a 1990 music video produced by the Church of Scientology . It features many individuals , including Scientology leader , David Miscavige . Many of the participants have either come to publicly criticize the practices of the Church or have disappeared .
In the video , a chorus of Scientologists is seen singing the title song , with several of the organization 's executives in the front and second row . From left to right are Shelly Miscavige , Ray Mithoff , Marc Yager , Mark Ingber , Mike Rinder , David Miscavige , Heber Jentzsch , Greg Wilhere , Mark Rathbun , and Guillaume Lesevre . Rinder and Jentzsch are in the second row . The video also shows Dianetics sessions , Volunteer Ministers passing out The Way to Happiness books , historical clips of L. Ron Hubbard lecturing and displaying the E-meter , several celebrities who are Scientologists , including John Travolta , several of the Church of Scientology properties including Saint Hill Manor , clips from 1988 promotional events announcing OTVIII , the new Mark Super VII model E-Meter , and the christening ceremony for the Freewinds ship .
Reception
The video was parodied by Saturday Night Live in the show 's 40th season in 2015 . The pre-recorded sketch takes the form of a music video from 1990 for the fictional and legally distinct organization Neurotology . The music video has been updated with on-screen annotations regarding the whereabouts of the participants , many of whom are said to have left the organization or have died . A great many more of the participants are simply listed as `` missing , '' a reference to individuals like Shelly Miscavige , who some have alleged is missing , while others claim she has been imprisoned by the Church .
References
External links
SNL parody video
1990 songs
1990s music videos
Religious songs
Scientology media
The Confraternity of Saint James is a pilgrims ' association , educational charity and book publisher for the ancient and modern-day pilgrim route the Way of St. James ( ) to the city of Santiago de Compostela in Galicia in northern Spain .
It exists to promote all pilgrim routes to Santiago throughout western Europe as well as support all people undertaking them either on foot , by bike , on horseback or in a wheelchair . It has around 1,300 members around the world , although the vast majority are British , and is the only official association of St James in the United Kingdom . As such , it is the only accredited UK-based distributor of the Pilgrim Passport ( credencial ) , the official pilgrim document recognised by Santiago Cathedral that proves ones bona fide pilgrim status . By collecting pilgrim stamps on this document , the traveller can access pilgrim accommodation along the Way , as well as qualify for the ancient certificate of completion , the Compostela , provided they have travelled a minimum of the final 100 km - or 200 km if cycling .
The charity is based in London , England and publishes books in English for many of the routes on the Way of St. James . It also carries books on the history , spirituality , culture , architecture and musical associations with the Camino in its extensive pilgrim library .
The CSJ hold events throughout the year . These include practical seminars to help pilgrims know how to prepare , coffee mornings and wine bar evenings get togethers for pilgrims to compare experiences and join the Camino community in the UK , occasional guided walks around the UK , as well as annual lectures on Camino-related topics . These are often given by qualified academics , owed to the CSJ 's relationships with various centres of pilgrim study around the world .
See also
Mary Remnant
References
External links
The Confraternity of Saint James website
shop .
American Pilgrims on the Camino website
Canadian Company of Pilgrims website
Camino de Santiago
Educational charities
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
The Panoriyas is an Odia-speaking community in Tripura , India . They are generally concentrated to western Tripura . Originally migrating from Odisha , they community is largely settled near tea gardens .
Earlier members of the community used 'Panoriya ' as their surname . In recent times many members of the community has taken surnames like Nayak , Adhikari and Tanti . They community largely ignores the varna hierarchy .
References
Ethnic groups in Tripura
Odia culture
Rites of Summer is the twelfth album by Spyro Gyra , released in 1988 . At Billboard magazine , No . 104 on the Top 200 Albums chart .
Track listing
`` Claire 's Dream '' ( Jay Beckenstein ) – 5:39
`` Daddy 's Got a New Girl Now '' ( Beckenstein ) – 4:02
`` Limelight '' ( Dave Samuels ) – 4:27
`` Shanghai Gumbo '' ( Julio Fernandez ) – 4:28
`` Innocent Soul '' ( Tom Schuman ) – 4:52
`` No Man 's Land '' ( Jeremy Wall ) – 5:37
`` Yosemite '' ( Wall ) – 5:21
`` The Archer '' ( Richie Morales ) – 4:59
`` Captain Karma '' ( Schuman ) – 5:40
Personnel
Spyro Gyra
Jay Beckenstein – saxophones , wind driven synthesizer
Tom Schuman – keyboards
Julio Fernández – guitars
Oskar Cartaya – bass
Richie Morales – drums
Dave Samuels – vibraphone , marimba , percussion
Additional Personnel
Steve Shapiro – synthesizer programming
Production
Jay Beckenstein – producer
Jeremy Wall – assistant producer
Larry Swist – recording , mixing
Doug Rose – assistant engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering at Masterdisk ( New York , NY ) .
Jeff Adamoff – art direction
Ilene Weingard – design
Ted Glazer – front cover illustration
Lynn Goldsmith – back cover photography
References
1988 albums
Spyro Gyra albums
GRP Records albums
Susan Cookson ( born 20 April 1965 ) is an English actress . She has appeared in various television series , and is known for roles including Maggie Coldwell in the BBC medical drama Casualty and Wendy Posner in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale .
Career
Cookson portrayed the role of Maggie Coldwell on the BBC medical drama Casualty from 2005 to 2009 ( this was Cookson 's second role on the programme after appearing as recurring character Julie Day . She returned in March 2015 for one episode . She also appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors as Kath Wylie for three episodes in 2009 . Since 2019 , Cookson has portrayed the regular role of Wendy Posner in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale .
Selected roles
Casualty - Julie Day ( 1998–2000 ) ; Maggie Coldwell ( 2005–2009 , 2015 )
Early Doors - Tanya ( 2003–2004 )
Bodies - Yvonne Matthews ( 2004 )
Emmerdale - D.C. Fallon ( 1997 ) ; DI Judy Dove ( 2002–03 ) ; Wendy Posner ( 2019–present )
Shipman - DC Marie Snitynski ( 2002 )
Fat Friends - Lynette Pickering ( 2000 )
Clocking Off - Janice Piper
Queer as Folk - Marcie Finch
Land Girls - Esther Reeves ( 2009 )
Moving On - Barbara ( 2009 )
Waterloo Road - Maria Lucas ( 2010 )
Mount Pleasant - unknown ( 2012 )
Last Tango in Halifax - Yvonne ( 2013 )
Miracle Babies ( TV documentary ) - narrator ( 2014 )
Coronation Street - Marion Logan ( 2015–2016 )
Awards
Cookson won `` Fave Female '' of Series 21 of Casualty in the 2007 Holby TV awards . Her character Maggie Coldwell won `` Favourites '' in four categories for Series 22 ( Female , All-Time Female , Character Most Want to Return , and Best Couple ) at the 2008 Holby TV Awards .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
English television actresses
Actresses from Manchester
English soap opera actresses
Rocher may refer to :
Places
Canada
Rocher Lake ( Nipukatasi River ) , in the Broadback River watershed in Quebec
Petit-Rocher , a village in Gloucester County , New Brunswick
Rocher Percé , a natural arch near the village of Percé , Quebec
France
Rocher , Ardèche , a commune in the department of the Ardèche
Rochers de Naye , a summit of Alps
Notre-Dame-du-Rocher , a commune in the department of Orne
Saint-Antoine-du-Rocher , a commune in the department of Indre-et-Loire
Elsewhere
Rocher de Monaco or Rock of Monaco , a monolith
Other uses
Allan Rocher ( 1936–2016 ) , Australian politician
Captain Rocher , a character in Dan Brown 's book , Angels & Demons
Ferrero Rocher , chocolate balls
Yves Rocher ( 1930–2009 ) , French businessman and cosmetician
Azteca coussapoae is a species of ant in the genus Azteca . Described by Forel in 1905 , the species is endemic to Brazil .
References
Azteca ( genus )
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1904
is a Japanese video game developer and television and anime producer . He is best known for directing the live-action visual novel 428 : Shibuya Scramble , producing the adventure video game Nine Hours , Nine Persons , Nine Doors , and creating the original concept for the anime short Under the Dog which was funded on Kickstarter .
Biography
Jiro Ishii started his career working on early PC games at Data East . He got a job at Chunsoft in 2000 . In 2008 , he directed 428 : Shibuya Scramble , a live-action visual novel which earned a perfect score from Famitsu magazine , only the ninth game ever to do so . He moved to Level-5 to write and direct Time Travelers in 2012 . Finally , he left to go freelance in 2015 .
Works
Video games
Anime
Film and television
- director
Another - production manager
References
External links
Profile on Qreators
Anime screenwriters
Japanese television directors
Japanese video game designers
Japanese video game directors
Japanese video game producers
Japanese writers
Living people
Video game writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Anja Weisser ( also spelled Weißer ; born 2 October 1991 in Marktoberdorf , Germany ) is a German ice hockey defender .
International career
Weisser was selected for the Germany women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . She had one assists .
As of 2014 , Weisser has also appeared for Germany at two IIHF Women 's World Championships . Her first appearance came in 2011 .
Weisser made two appearances for the Germany women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , with the first in 2008 .
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1988 births
People from Marktoberdorf
Sportspeople from Swabia ( Bavaria )
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
German women 's ice hockey defencemen
Vanadis may refer to :
Vanadís , an additional name of the Norse goddess Freyja
USS Vanadis ( AKA-49 ) , an Artemis-class attack cargo ship
TS Vanadis , 1908 motor yacht
Vanadis , 1924 motor yacht also named Lady Hutton and now a hotel docked in Stockholm
240 Vanadis , a main-belt asteroid
Vanadis ( polychaete ) , a genus of polychaetes in the family Phyllodocidae
See also
Lord Marksman and Vanadis , a Japanese light novel series
Teratopithecus is an extinct genus of archaeopithecid notoungulate that lived during the Middle Eocene of what is now Argentina . Fossils of this genus have been found in the Sarmiento Formation of Argentina .
Description
This animal was similar to a medium-sized rodent , with a rather massive , short and compact skull . It shared several similarities with its better known relative Archaeopithecus , such as nearly high-crowned ( hypsodont ) premolars and molars , contrary to most of the other Early Eocene notoungulates . A characteristic anatomical feature of Teratopithecus is the existence of a stylar cusp in labial position compared to the molar ectoloph , a unique condition within Notounugulata . This most likely indicates a particular specialization in nutrition .
Classification
Teratopithecus elpidophoros , the only known species from the genus , was first described in 2020 , based on fossil remains discovered near the localities Paso del Sapo , Las Violetas and Cañadón Vaca in Argentine Patagonia .
Teratopithecus was an archaic member of the suborder Typotheria , a clade of notoungulates similar to modern hyraxes or rodents . Teratopithecus was related to Archaeopithecus , a slightly younger genus , both being the only known members of the family Archaeopithecidae , characterized by their high-crowned molars .
References
Typotheres
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Mustersan
Fossil taxa described in 2020
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Sarah Schneider ( born September 10 , 1983 ) is an American writer , actress , and comedian . She got her start in entertainment as a writer and actress for the comedy website CollegeHumor before becoming a writer for the television sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live , where she worked from 2011 to 2017 , including a season as co-head writer alongside writing partner Chris Kelly . She has received eight Primetime Emmy Awards nominations for her work on SNL .
Early life
Raised in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , Schneider graduated from North Hunterdon High School in 2001 . She is Jewish .
Career
CollegeHumor
Schneider attended Wake Forest University—as did CollegeHumor co-founder Ricky Van Veen , although they did not know one another—where she was a member of the University 's Lilting Banshees student comedy troupe . A mutual friend recommended Schneider to Van Veen , who hired her as a freelance writer in May 2005 to work on the book The CollegeHumor Guide To College . From there she became a full-time writer and the first female permanent employee . As part of the CollegeHumor staff she starred as a fictionalized version of herself in the short-lived television series The CollegeHumor Show ( 2009 ) and web series including Hardly Working and Full Benefits ; starred as other characters in other original videos ; and wrote episodes , videos and articles .
Saturday Night Live
In 2011 , Schneider became a writer for Saturday Night Live . She had been a guest writer on the last five episodes of season 36 ( 2010–2011 ) and became a full-time writer from season 37 ( 2011–2012 ) .
In 2013 , her musical sketch `` ( Do It On My ) Twin Bed '' was her first big SNL hit with fellow writer Chris Kelly . She and Kelly also wrote `` Hometown Tourism Ad '' since joining SNL in 2011 , and `` Christmas Spectacular . ''
Vulture named Schneider and Kelly onto their list in 2014 of the 50 comedians to watch .
In November 2015 , she had worked with Kelly to write `` Back Home Ballers , '' and `` First Got Horny 2 U . '' At that time , they also headed the political debate sketches during election season , like the Democratic debate sketch in October 2015 . Schneider and Kelly also co-penned sketches like `` The Beygency '' and `` Bar Talk . '' In August 2016 , SNL promoted Schneider and Kelly to co-head writers of the 42nd season of the show . Schneider became the show 's first female head writer since 2008 . Schneider and Kelly left SNL at the end of season 42 .
In March 2017 , Comedy Central commissioned Schneider and Kelly to write a pilot episode about two siblings struggling with the sudden fame of their younger brother . By then , Schneider had also been a writer on Master of None on Netflix .
The Other Two
Together with fellow SNL head writer Chris Kelly , Sarah Schneider has created The Other Two , an American comedy television series which premiered on Comedy Central on January 24 , 2019 . The show is about an aspiring actor ( Drew Tarver ) and his sister Brooke ( Heléne Yorke ) , a former professional dancer , who try to find their place in the world while wrestling with their feelings about their 13-year-old brother Chase 's ( Case Walker ) sudden rise to internet fame .
Personal life
Schneider married Late Night writer Mike Karnell on July 7 , 2018 , at Brittland Manor in Chestertown , Maryland . Among the guests were Seth Meyers , Kate McKinnon , Samira Wiley , Lauren Morelli , Bobby Flay , and Heléne Yorke .
Awards
Nominations
69th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special ( Saturday Night Live )
68th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special ( Saturday Night Live )
67th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special ( Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary Special )
66th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Original Music And Lyrics ( Saturday Night Live )
65th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series ( Saturday Night Live )
65th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special ( Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday )
64th Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series ( Saturday Night Live )
63rd Primetime Emmy Awards – Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series ( Saturday Night Live )
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
American television writers
CollegeHumor people
Wake Forest University alumni
American women television writers
American comedy writers
North Hunterdon High School alumni
People from Hunterdon County , New Jersey
Jewish American actresses
Jewish American female comedians
Jewish American screenwriters
Screenwriters from New Jersey
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American Jews
State Road 39 is an IB-class road in southeastern Serbia and Kosovo , connecting Pirot , Serbia with Montenegro at Čakor .
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013 , the route wore the following names : M 9 and P 101 ( before 2012 ) / 27 ( after 2012 ) .
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes . By the valid Space Plan of the Republic of Serbia , it 's section of the road is not planned for upgrading to a motorway and is expected to be conditioned in its current state .
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
Roads in Kosovo
Notes
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia ( Putevi Srbije )
Official website - Corridors of Serbia ( Koridori Srbije ) ( Serbian )
State roads in Serbia
Anaches wenhsini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Holzschuh and Lin in 2013 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2013
The 2016 Kaspersky Riga Masters was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 22–24 June 2016 at the Arena Riga in Riga , Latvia . It was the first ranking event of the 2016/2017 season .
This was the first time for which the event was a ranking tournament , having previously been a minor-ranking event of the Players Tour Championship .
Barry Hawkins was the defending champion , but he decided not to defend his title .
Neil Robertson won the 12th ranking title of his career , defeating Michael Holt 5–2 in the final , from trailing 1–2 .
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below :
Winner : €50,000
Runner-up : €25,000
Semi-final : €15,000
Quarter-final : €6,000
Last 16 : €3,000
Last 32 : €1,400
Last 64 : €700
Non-televised the highest break : €200
Televised the highest break : €2,000
Total : €200,000
The `` rolling 147 prize '' for a maximum break stood at £25,000 .
Main draw
Final
Qualifying
These matches were held between 3 and 4 June 2016 at the Preston Guild Hall in Preston , England . All matches were best of 7 frames .
Notes
Century breaks
Qualifying stage centuries
Total : 15
135 , 111 John Higgins
131 Mark King
124 , 100 Stuart Carrington
121 Anthony Hamilton
111 Li Hang
110 , 108 Mark Williams
110 John Astley
110 Peter Ebdon
108 Zhang Anda
104 Mike Dunn
103 Mark Selby
101 Joe Perry
Televised stage centuries
Total : 31
138 Martin O'Donnell
135 Zhao Xintong
134 , 102 Jimmy Robertson
132 Zhou Yuelong
130 Ian Burns
125 Mark Davis
124 Gary Wilson
123 Mark Williams
118 Michael Holt
117 , 110 , 107 John Astley
115 Stuart Bingham
112 , 107 Anthony McGill
108 , 104 , 100 , 100 Neil Robertson
108 Li Hang
106 Stuart Carrington
105 , 100 Sean O'Sullivan
105 Fergal O'Brien
105 Jack Lisowski
103 Yan Bingtao
103 Judd Trump
102 Xiao Guodong
101 Jamie Cope
100 Marco Fu
References
Riga Masters ( snooker )
Riga Masters ( snooker )
Riga Masters ( snooker )
Riga Masters
Sharif Khan ( born 1945 ) is a Pakistani-Canadian retired professional squash player . He is widely considered to be one of the all-time great players of hardball squash ( a North American variant of squash played with a faster-moving ball and on slightly smaller courts than the international `` softball '' squash game ) . He was the dominant player on the hardball squash circuit throughout the 1970s . Sharif was born in Pakistan , and is the son of the legendary squash player Hashim Khan ( who dominated the international squash game in the 1950s ) .
Biography
Sharif is the eldest of Hashim Khan 's 12 children , and a member of the Khan squash family . At the age of 11 , he was awarded a squash scholarship at Millfield School in Somerset , England . Despite having almost no knowledge of the English language when he arrived , he performed well academically and also developed into an outstanding squash player who , by 1962 , had won every public school title open to him including the public schools under-15 championship ( three times ) , the public schools under-16 championship , the Evans Cup , and the Drysdale Cup ( considered at the time to be the unofficial world junior championship ) . At the age of 13 he also captured the Somerset County Men 's A title . In the two years after he left Millfield , Sharif won the West of England title , the East of England title , the Surrey Open and the Scottish Amateur title . In 1970 , he reached the semi-finals of the British Open ( which was considered to be the effective world championship of the sport at the time ) .
Khan 's greatest achievements came on the North American hardball squash circuit . He settled in Canada in 1968 , and came to dominate the professional hardball squash circuit for well over a decade . He captured every major North American hardball title , and won the North American Open ( the most prestigious hardball title at the time ) a record 12 times in 13 years between 1969 and 1981 ( he reached the final 15 consecutive times between 1968 and 1982 ) . He also won the US Professional Championships nine times in ten years between 1970 and 1979 .
In winning his final North American open title in 1981 , Sharif beat his younger brother Aziz Khan in the final . Three other brothers , Gulmast , Liaqat Ali ( `` Charlie '' ) , and Salim ( `` Sam '' ) , also competed in top-level hardball squash .
In 2004 , Khan became the first non-US citizen to be inducted into the United States Squash Racquets Association Hall of Fame .
On September 24 , 2015 , Khan was inducted into the Ontario Sports Hall of Fame in Toronto .
References
External links
Article on Sharif Khan 's induction into the USSRA Hall of Fame
1945 births
Living people
Pakistani male squash players
Pakistani emigrants to Canada
Canadian sportspeople of Pakistani descent
Khan family ( squash )
People educated at Millfield
Kyle Stewart may refer to :
Kyle Stewart , the northern part of Kyle , Ayrshire
Kyle Stewart ( fighter )
Kyle Stewart ( rugby union )
Back to the Sagas is the third studio album by London rapper Klashnekoff , released July 26 , 2010 , on Abstract Urban . Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2010 at several recording studios and was handled by Smasher , DJ Insite , Joe Buddha and Sleeping Giants .
Track listing
( co ) - co-producer
( add ) - additional producer
2010 albums
Klashnekoff albums
Skive fH ( Skive forenede Håndboldklubber ) is a handball club from Skive . The club has a team in the men 's 1st Division . They play their home matches in Freja Arena .
The Club is a fusion between Skive KFUM and Skive Håndboldklub and is among the country 's biggest handball clubs with approximately 600 members and 10 senior teams .
History/Squad
Men 's team
In season 2011/12 they ended second to last in the regular season and then being no . 3 in the relegation playoff , then losing by 1-2 in matches to TMS Ringsted and advanced to the 1st division . But during the summer of 2012 went AG Copenhagen bankruptcy , therefore Skive fH was offered the extra space in the league , which they accepted .
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Goalkeepers
1 Benjamin Boye
30 Shadrach Nsoni
46 Jacob Tøfting
Wingers
LW
7 Tobias Bay
11 Sebastian Skøtt
18 Christian Lorentzen
RW
9 Viktor Vlastos
31 Oliver Juhl Refsgaard
Line players
8 Phillip Lyngby Pedersen
23 Daniel Guldsmed
29 Søren Tau Sørensen
Back players
LB
5 William Skovager
6 Matias Damgaard
CB
4 Joachim Hyldgaard
17 Frederik Hovgaard
18 Jonas Hermannsen
47 Nickolei Jensen
81 Tobias Bro
RB
23 Benjamin Holm
Transfers
Transfers for the 2022–23 season
Joining
Benjamin Boye ( GK ) ( from Skanderborg Aarhus Håndbold U-19 )
Jacob Tøfting ( GK ) ( from Mors-Thy Håndbold U-19 )
Sebastian Skøtt ( LW ) ( from Bjerringbro-Silkeborg Håndbold )
Tobias Bay ( LW ) ( from TTH Holstebro )
Tobias Bro ( CB ) ( from TTH Holstebro U-19 )
Joachim Hyldgaard ( CB ) ( from Bjerringbro-Silkeborg Håndbold U-19 )
Jonas Hermannsen ( CB ) ( from Mors-Thy Håndbold )
Frederik Hovgaard ( CB ) ( from Skjern Håndbold U-19 )
Viktor Vlastos ( RW ) ( from GOG Håndbold )
Daniel Guldsmed ( P ) ( from KIF Kolding )
Leaving
Magnus Brandbyge ( GK ) ( to KIF Kolding )
Malte Justesen ( LW )
Frederik Sass ( LW ) ( to HC Midtjylland )
Magnus Haubro Jensen ( LB ) ( to Ribe-Esbjerg HH )
Anders Gade ( LB ) ( to Skovbakken Håndbold )
Andreas Damgaard ( LB ) ( retires )
Tobias Svend Rasmussen ( CB ) ( break )
Mads Peter Lønborg ( RB ) ( to KIF Kolding )
Magnus Møland Sønnichsen ( RW ) ( to HC Midtjylland )
Andreas Søgaard ( P ) ( to Ribe-Esbjerg HH )
References
Danish handball clubs
Skive , Denmark
The following is a complete episode list of 1990s and 2000s undercover cop television series Nash Bridges . In the United States the show aired on CBS from 1996 to 2001 . There are a total of 122 episodes . Nash Bridges starred Don Johnson and Cheech Marin .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 1996 )
Season 2 ( 1996–97 )
Season 3 ( 1997–98 )
Season 4 ( 1998–99 )
Season 5 ( 1999–2000 )
Season 6 ( 2000–01 )
References
External links
Lists of American crime drama television series episodes
Satellite Party was an alternative rock band formed by Jane 's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell following the break-up of Jane 's Addiction in 2004 . Other members included Carl Restivo ( bass ) and Farrell 's wife , Etty Lau Farrell ( backing singer and dancer ) . The band was initially formed as a collaboration between Farrell and Extreme member Nuno Bettencourt . Bettencourt departed from the project in July 2007 .
The band released one studio album in 2007 , Ultra Payloaded . Satellite Party dissolved in 2008 , following Jane 's Addiction 's decision to reunite on a full-time basis .
History
The group made its debut appearance in Los Angeles at the Key Club on July 18 , 2005 . Tony Kanal of No Doubt filled in on bass and Steve Ferlazzo of DramaGods was on keyboards . This was followed by an additional performance at Lollapalooza 2005 , held in Grant Park in downtown Chicago on July 24 , 2005. .
The band 's debut album , Ultra Payloaded , was released on May 29 , 2007 , with contributions from artists such as John Frusciante and Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas , electronic dance pioneers Hybrid and Joy Division/New Order bassist Peter Hook . The group has been signed with Columbia Records , which is a part of Sony Records , since June 6 , 2006 .
The album includes a `` lost song '' titled `` Woman in the Window '' with vocals by the late Doors frontman Jim Morrison . The album itself was preceded by the single , 'Wish Upon a Dog Star , ' under the collaboration with Hybrid 's lead track off their I Choose Noise LP , `` Dogstar . ''
In late July 2007 , guitarist Nuno Bettencourt left the band , stating , `` I have always felt uncomfortable with the direction of the lineup and live show . I truly do believe in the songs and music on the album , and I wish Perry Farrell and any musician that remains on tour all the best . '' Drummer Kevin Figueiredo also left to join Nuno in reuniting Boston Hard Rock Band Extreme . Silvertide guitarist , Nick Perri , and drummer , Jordan Plonsky , joined the band for the remainder of the tour .
The band later parted ways with Columbia Records , and began working on new material . However , in 2008 , Farrell reunited with Jane 's Addiction putting Satellite Party on indefinite hiatus .
In 2012 , Farrell discussed his aborted plans for a Satellite Party play , stating , `` I was actually working on something , a project a couple of years ago , that was actually a Satellite Party . It had to do with The Doors . I even got to produce a song , a previous unproduced and unrecorded song , by The Doors , and I wanted to do this beautiful play called `` The Satellite Party '' in Vegas . It did n't work out . ''
Band members
Perry Farrell – lead vocals ( 2004–2008 )
Carl Restivo – bass , guitar ( 2007–2008 )
Etty Lau Farrell - backing vocals ( 2004–2008 )
Nuno Bettencourt - guitar ( 2004–2007 )
Kevin Figueiredo - drums ( 2005–2007 )
Live members
Nick Perri - guitar ( 2007 )
Jordan Plosky - drums ( 2007 )
Jenny Galt - keyboards ( 2007 )
Tony Kanal - bass ( 2005 )
Steve Ferlazzo - keyboards ( 2005 )
Discography
Ultra Payloaded ( 2007 )
Singles
Wish Upon A Dog Star ( 2007 ) Modern Rock # 26 , Hot Dance Club Play # 18 .
Hard Life Easy ( 2008 )
External links
Audio interview with Perry Farrell / Satellite Party from Synthesis Magazine
2007 kevchino.com interview with Perry Farrell about Satellite Party by Dave Lipp
Perry Farrell interview at Silent Uproar
References
American alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Marinarozelotes is a genus of ground spiders first described by A. V. Ponomarev and V. Y. Shmatko in 2020 . The type species , Marinarozelotes barbatus , was originally described under the name `` Melanophora barbata '' .
Species
it contains twenty two species :
M. achaemenes Zamani , Chatzaki , Esyunin & Marusik , 2021 – Iran
M. adriaticus ( Caporiacco , 1951 ) – Portugal , Italy to China
M. ansimensis ( Seo , 2002 ) – Korea
M. baiyuensis ( Xu , 1991 ) – China
M. barbatus ( L. Koch , 1866 ) ( type ) – Mediterranean to the Caucasus . Introduced to USA
M. bardiae ( Caporiacco , 1928 ) – Mediterranean
M. chybyndensis ( Tuneva & Esyunin , 2002 ) – Russia ( Europe ) , Kazakhstan
M. cumensis ( Ponomarev , 1979 ) – Ukraine , Russia ( Europe ) , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan
M. fuscipes ( L. Koch , 1866 ) – Mediterranean , Iran , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , China
M. glossus ( Strand , 1915 ) – Turkey , Israel
M. holosericeus ( Simon , 1878 ) – Mediterranean
M. huberti ( Platnick & Murphy , 1984 ) – Algeria , Italy , Albania
M. jaxartensis ( Kroneberg , 1875 ) – Northern Africa to the Caucasus , Russia ( Europe ) to Central Asia , Iran . Introduced to Hawaii , USA , Mexico , South Africa , India , China , Japan
M. kulczynskii ( Bösenberg , 1902 ) – North Macedonia , Bulgaria . Introduced to the USA , Caribbean , Colombia , Brazil , Japan , Samoa
M. lyonneti ( Audouin , 1826 ) – Macaronesia , Mediterranean to Central Asia . Introduced to the USA , Mexico , Peru , Brazil
M. malkini ( Platnick & Murphy , 1984 ) – Romania , Albania , North Macedonia , Bulgaria , Greece , Ukraine , Russia ( Europe , Caucasus ) , Turkey , Iran , Kazakhstan
M. manytchensis ( Ponomarev & Tsvetkov , 2006 ) – Ukraine , Russia ( Europe )
M. miniglossus ( Levy , 2009 ) – Israel , Iran
M. minutus ( Crespo , 2010 ) – Portugal
M. mutabilis ( Simon , 1878 ) – Mediterranean , Romania
M. ravidus ( L. Koch , 1875 ) – Ethiopia
M. stubbsi ( Platnick & Murphy , 1984 ) – Greece , Cyprus , Israel
See also
Trachyzelotes
Zelotes
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Further reading
Gnaphosidae genera
Cosmopolitan spiders
Clarence Edward Duren ( born December 9 , 1950 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals and the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League .
1950 births
Living people
Players of American football from Compton , California
American football safeties
California Golden Bears football players
St. Louis Cardinals ( football ) players
San Diego Chargers players
Britain at Bay ( aka Britain on Guard in other countries ) is a 1940 British propaganda film produced by the General Post Office GPO Film Unit of the Ministry of Information The film was written and narrated by noted author and political commentator J . B. Priestley .
Synopsis
In 1940 , a peaceful and democratic Great Britain stood in vast contrast to the evil of Nazi Germany , whose territorial ambitions have resulted in the invasions of Czechoslovakia , Poland . Norway and Belgium . France was the next to fall , leaving Britain , seemingly alone and `` at bay '' with only the English Channel holding back German forces .
Although facing great odds , Britain has withstood the threat of invasion before when Napoleon had also taken over a large expanse of Europe and had his armies poised to attack . Volunteers in the Local Defence Volunteers or `` Home Guard '' , workers in war factories and other essential jobs , as well as others who sign up for military service in the army , navy and air force , prepare for war . The determination and resolve of all the inhabitants of the British Isles help turn Britain into an `` impregnable citadel of free people . ''
From Australia , New Zealand and Canada , other forces are being mobilized to come to Britain 's aid . In the ringing words of Winston Churchill , he defiantly proclaims , `` We shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ... ''
Cast
Winston Churchill as himself
Production
Britain at Bay was produced with the purpose of raising morale . The film is an example of compilation documentary . Various newsreel extracts were assembled into a coherent whole , accompanied by a commentary . This form of documentary was used for other British wartime propaganda films , such as Words for Battle ( 1941 ) . Author and social commentator J . B. Priestley wrote and narrated the film with the intended message that Britain is responsible for `` ... the future of the civilised world ... '' and faces a `` dark '' evil .
The film opens with images of rural and urban Britain , including iconic images of Big Ben and the White Cliffs of Dover , then depicts the rise of Nazi Germany through newsreel footage , including the recent fall of France . British civilians are seen contributing towards the war effort and scenes of Allied troops are juxtaposed with an extract from Winston Churchill 's `` We Shall Fight on the Beaches '' speech .
Reception
Britain at Bay was released in British theatres during the Battle of Britain and later , under its original title , in 1941 as part of the Canada Carries On series of the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) . Each film in the series was shown over a six-month period as part of the shorts or newsreel segments in approximately 800 theatres across Canada .
The NFB had an arrangement with Famous Players theatres to ensure that Canadians from coast-to-coast could see the Canada Carries On documentary series , with further distribution by Columbia Pictures . After the six-month theatrical tour ended , individual films were made available on 16 mm to schools , libraries , churches and factories , extending the life of these films for another year or two . They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities .
In recent times , Britain at Bay was praised for its timeless production values . One film reviewer noted `` ... it juxtaposes instantly resounding landscape images : green and pleasant , dark and smoky . Big Ben is defiant even when filmed behind barbed wire , and Dover 's white cliffs are not yet clichéd . Shots of sea and sky complement narrator J.B. Priestley 's invocation of a national history so old it brushes eternity . '' It was included in the British Film Institute ( BFI ) DVD compilation Land of Promise : The British Documentary Movement 1930-1950 ( 2008 ) .
Britain at Bay also was released in Panamint 's series of propaganda shorts , Britain At War ( 2005 ) by the GPO/Crown Film Unit , the second volume was subtitled Under Fire . Film reviewer Anthony Nield described it as offering `` ... a more sentimental approach ... '' than other more heavy-handed propaganda films of the era .
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ellis , Jack C. and Betsy A. McLane . New History of Documentary Film . London : Continuum International Publishing Group , 2005. .
Fagge , Roger . The Vision of J.B. Priestley . London : Continuum Publishing Corporation , 2011. .
March-Russell , Paul and Carmen Casaliggi , eds . Legacies of Romanticism : Literature , Culture , Aesthetics . London : Routledge , 2012. .
Rist , Peter . Guide to the Cinema ( s ) of Canada . Westport , Connecticut : Greenwood Publishing Group , 2001. .
External links
Britain at Bay at BFI Screenonline
British short documentary films
Films directed by Harry Watt
Quebec films
British aviation films
Canadian aviation films
British black-and-white films
Canadian black-and-white films
Canadian short documentary films
Films with screenplays by J . B. Priestley
British World War II propaganda films
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
GPO Film Unit films
Canada Carries On
Columbia Pictures short films
Canadian World War II propaganda films
1940 war films
1940s English-language films
1940s Canadian films
The Egyptian Liberal Party ( , abbreviated PLE ) is a political party in Kosovo , representing the Egyptian minority . The party won the reserved seat for Egyptian minority in the Kosovan parliamentary election , 2014 , having obtained 1,960 votes ( 0.27 % of the total votes in the election ) . PLE maintained the same representation in parliament until the 2021 election , during which it lost its sole seat . PLE was represented in the Assembly of Kosovo by Veton Beriša .
References
Ashkali
Liberal parties in Kosovo
Political parties of minorities in Kosovo
Pearl View is a 1970 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by Kunchacko . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sharada , Adoor Bhasi and Manavalan Joseph . It was released on 18 December 1970 .
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Lawrence
Sharada as Stella
Adoor Bhasi as Henry
Manavalan Joseph as Member of Drama Troupe/Manavalan
P. J. Antony as Xavier
Adoor Bhavani as Annie
Adoor Pankajam as Rathi Madhavan/Fashion Designer
Alummoodan as Member of Drama Troupe
Aranmula Ponnamma as Pristina
K. P. Ummer as Professor Stephen
Kaduvakulam Antony as Housekeeper
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Marian
Kottayam Chellappan
Madhumathi
N. Govindankutty as Bastian
S. J. Dev
S. P. Pillai as Boss
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Ken Brown is a former center in the National Football League .
Biography
Brown was born Kenneth Eugene Brown on April 19 , 1954 , in Saginaw , Michigan . He now lives in Minnesota .
Career
Brown played with the Denver Broncos during the 1979 NFL season . The following season , he was a member of the Green Bay Packers .
He played at the collegiate level at the University of New Mexico .
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1954 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Saginaw , Michigan
Denver Broncos players
Green Bay Packers players
American football centers
University of New Mexico alumni
New Mexico Lobos football players
Damon Miller is a fictional character on the ABC daytime drama All My Children . He was portrayed by Finn Wittrock from October 30 , 2009 , to February 21 , 2011 . In February 2010 , Wittrock was updated to contract status following the show 's move from New York to Los Angeles . A long-lost member of the Martin family , Damon is the son of Tad Martin and his ex-wife Hillary Wilson ( daughter of the late Langley Wallingford ) .
Casting
Wittrock was initially expected to be on canvas for about only eight weeks . However , in December 2009 , when it was announced that the series would move production to Los Angeles , the series offered Wittrock a contract not wanting to lose the recurring actor upon the move . In December 2010 , it was reported that Wittrock had been released from his contract with the series . Soaps In Depth later confirmed with Wittrock himself that the rumors were true , his contract was set to expire and he would depart from the series . Though his final airdate was not initially available , Wittrock revealed that his character would air throughout the month of January 2011 . Initial reports stated that the new head writers were unaware of what do with the character of Damon . However , contradicting information surfaced which stated that Wittrock chose not to renew his contract .
Development
Damon 's introduction puts Liza Colby ( Jamie Luner ) 's attempt to adopt baby Stuart in jeopardy as he is the child 's biological father and he could influence Bailey 's choice to let Bailey keep the child . Of the plot , head writer , Charles Pratt , Jr. said the storyline is `` a very relatable and real situation . ''
Storylines
Damon Miller arrived in Pine Valley as the biological father of Stuart Colby , who has been adopted by Liza Colby . Liza initially does n't trust Damon , convinced that his renewed presence in the life of Bailey Wells , Stuart 's biological mother , is only motivated by a desire to pursue a sexual relationship with her . Damon and Bailey eventually start to live life as family with Stuart , until Damon is accused of being the culprit behind a rash of break-ins in town , for which Bailey is hesitant to believe his innocence . With the stress of Damon 's alleged involvement in the break-ins too much for her to handle , Bailey leaves town to be with her parents . Damon begins to get close to Liza 's daughter , Colby Chandler , who believes in his innocence and subsequently gets him a job as a bartender at ConFusion . Damon gets word from Bailey that she has returned to Ohio and is staying with her parents . At the same time , the DNA test results confirm that Damon was the person doing the break-ins , but Liza gets him out of trouble again . Colby is furious when she learns of his lies , but the two eventually reconcile when her brother JR Chandler falls into a coma . He assures her that JR can hear her talking . He even gets tested to see if he is a potential bone marrow donor for him , but the results come back negative . Damon 's boss later finds out that he was the one who broke in and fires him . Liza 's boyfriend , Tad Martin then finds Damon sleeping on a stretcher at Pine Valley Hospital . Tad offers him a place to stay at his house , while Damon continues to show concern for Colby .
On March 11 , 2010 , when Damon goes to trial for his crimes , Liza learns that Damon 's mother , Hillary Miller was supposed to come to town for the trial , but Hillary bails at the last minute leaving Liza wondering why . Liza finds out that Hillary Miller is actually Hillary Wilson , Tad 's ex-wife . On March 17 , it is confirmed by a DNA test that Tad is Damon 's biological father . Meanwhile , Damon 's antics get him into a lot of trouble . He takes Colby 's car , this time with Colby inside and begins racing down the highway . He is texting Bailey at the same time and they crash into Brooke English . Her car is totaled but , luckily , she is saved by surgery . Meanwhile , Damon needs surgery with Colby right by his side . Liza overhears Damon telling Colby he wants to be more than just friends . So she persuades his probation officer that jail is exactly what Damon needs . But later , Damon is later diagnosed with ADHD and the instead of sending him to prison , he is sent to therapy . On April 28 , Paul shows up in Pine Valley , accusing Tad of harassing Hillary . Tad takes him to see Damon and they find him kissing Colby . Paul accuses Damon of seducing another girl and calls Colby a tramp before Tad makes him leave . Damon later overhears Liza confesses to Colby that Damon is Tad 's son . On May 4 , Damon finally confronts Tad and he confirms that he is his father . Bailey calls Tad and informs him that Damon is not Stuart 's father . On July 6 , after he hugs Liza , he kisses her .
In November 2010 , throughout the murder trial for David Hayward , Damon assists Liza as she is appointed the District Attorney .
On January 6 , 2011 , Damon spots Colby and Asher kissing . On January 7 , Damon confronts both Colby and Asher . Later Damon confesses to Liza about what he saw and says he has to leave town . Just as he goes to leave Liza asks him not to leave and they hug before kissing and wind up having sex .
Reception
Luke Kerr said that the writers should have explored a potential romance between Damon and Colby instead of firing Wittrock . Kerr then compared the pairing of Damon and Liza to the As the World Turns pairing of Casey ( Billy Magnussen ) and Emily ( Kelley Menighan Hensley ) . Michael Fairman said he also saw great potential in Damon 's romance with Liza . Jamey Giddens referred to Wittrock 's portrayal of Damon as one of the best reasons to watch the show and described Damon 's chemistry with Liza as `` combustible . ''
References
External links
Damon Miller – Who 's Who In Pine Valley
All My Children characters
Fictional bartenders
Fictional criminals in soap operas
Television characters introduced in 2009
Male characters in television
Opaljenik ( ) is a village located in the municipality of Ivanjica , southwestern Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 219 inhabitants .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The white-collared blackbird ( Turdus albocinctus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
It can be found throughout the Indian subcontinent , ranging across Bangladesh , Bhutan , India , Myanmar , Nepal and Pakistan . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland .
On the Tibetan Plateau White-collared Blackbirds can breed twice a year . The first breeding attempt results in small clutches where a few nestlings fledge in high body condition . Contrasting with the second attempt where larger clutches result in more chicks fledgling but these are in lower body condition . These differences are thought to be driven by parental feeding behaviour and seasonal variation in food availability . Field studies indicated that females , but not males , exhibit different nest defence behaviours that can be used to classify them into bold and shy personalities . Bold females had higher nest success compared to shy ones . White-collared Blackbirds feed their chicks plant material , especially berries , and invertebrates such as arthropods and annelids .
References
white-collared blackbird
Birds of Central China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Tibet
white-collared blackbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is the list of cathedrals in the Philippines sorted by denomination .
Roman Catholic
The Catholic Church in the Philippines is organized into 72 dioceses in 16 Ecclesiastical Provinces , as well as 7 Apostolic Vicariates and a Military Ordinariate .
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines :
Philippine Independent Church
Below is a list of cathedrals of the Philippine Independent Church , also known as the Aglipayan Church :
North-Central Luzon Bishops ' Conference
Cathedral of St. Agustine in Paoay , Ilocos Norte
Cathedral of St. William the Hermit in Laoag
Aglipay National Shrine in Batac
Cathedral of St. Stephen the Proto-Martyr in San Esteban
Cathedral of St. Sebastian in Tarlac City
Cathedral of St. Michael Archangel ( Doña Maria Clara Memorial Church ) in Camiling
Cathedral of St. Hyacinth in Tuguegarao
Cathedral of St. Roche in San Felipe , Zambales
Cathedral of St. Anthony of Padua , Rosales , Pangasinan
Pro-Cathedral of St. Joseph in Lingayen
Pro-Cathedral of St. Jerome in Santo Domingo
South-Central Luzon Bishops ' Conference
National Cathedral of the Holy Infant Jesus in Manila
Cathedral of the Holy Child in Pandacan , Manila
Cathedral of Conception of Mary in Malolos
Cathedral of the Sto . Niño in Mandaluyong
Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel and All Angels in Bacoor
Cathedral of St. Vincent Ferrer in Odiongan
Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker in Marinduque
Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul in Palawan
Cathedral of Our Lady of Maulawin , A. Mabini St. , Santa Cruz Laguna
Cathedral of Our Lady of Remedies in Placer
Pro-Cathedral of the Holy Child in Roxas
Visayas Bishops ' Conference
Cathedral of the Sto . Niño in Cebu City
Cathedral of St. James the Greater in Padre Burgos
Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage in Iloilo City
Cathedral of St. Jude Thaddeus in Sibalom
Cathedral of Our Lady of Salvacion in Buenavista
Cathedral of Our Lady of Providence and Guide , Albasan , Numancia , Aklan
Pro-Cathedral of Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary in New Washington
Pro-Cathedral of St. Andrew the Apostle in Dumaguete
Pro-Cathedral of Iglesia Filipina Independiente in Tagbilaran , Bohol
Mindanao Bishops ' Conference
Metropolitan Cathedral of Jesus the Nazarene in Cagayan de Oro
Cathedral of Our Lady of Presentacion in Cabadbaran
Cathedral of the Transfiguration in Surigao City
Cathedral of the Conception of Mary in Ozamiz
Cathedral of the Risen Lord in Davao City
Cathedral of St. Matthew in Libertad
Cathedral of St. Mary in Oroquieta
Cathedral of the Sto . Niño in Pagadian
Cathedral of St. Mary in Dinagat Islands
Cathedral of the Holy Family in Koronadal
Cathedral of the Holy Child in Dapa , Surigao del Norte
Cathedral of St. Mary , Dinagat Island ( Province ) .
Pro-Cathedral of St. Anthony of Padua in Koronadal
Pro-Cathedral of the Virgin Mary , Bulua , Cagayan de Oro
Pro-Cathedral of St. Isidore the Farmer in Kabacan
Pro-Cathedral of Iglesia Filipina Independiente , Bula , General Santos
Overseas Bishops ' Conference
Cathedral of Jesus of Nazareth , 14322 North Blvd. , Tampa , Florida , U.S.A. 33613
Episcopal Church
Cathedrals of the Episcopal Church in the Philippines , part of the Anglican Communion :
Cathedral of the Resurrection in Baguio
Pro-Cathedral of St. Stephen 's Parish in Manila
Cathedral Church of St. Peter & St. Paul in Cotabato City
All Saints Cathedral in Bontoc , Mountain Province
Church of the Holy Trinity in Tabuk , Kalinga
Cathedral of St. Mary and St. John , the national cathedral , in Quezon City
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in the Philippines
References
Cathedrals in the Philippines
Philippines
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Ruža ( Serbo-Croatian for `` Rose '' ) may refer to :
Ruža ( given name )
Ruža na asfaltu
Ruža vetrova Beograda
Ruža vjetrova
See also
Ruza ( disambiguation )
Ružica ( disambiguation ) ( `` little Ruža '' )
Stereos are a Canadian pop band from Edmonton , Alberta , formed in 2008 . Their musical style fuses aspects of electronic music , rock , and pop . Their breakout came from appearing on the MuchMusic original series , disBAND . In October 2009 , they released their debut self-titled album , Stereos .
Biography
2008–2009 : Early days and record deal
The band formed roughly two years prior to its 2008 appearance on disBAND under the name Stand By Me . After meeting disBAND Guru Greig Nori , Stand By Me was advised to change their name due to copyright issues . Turn It Up was chosen . Later , in order to perform several shows in Toronto , Ontario , Universal Music Canada A & R rep Mark Spicoluk advised the band to change their name again , and the band chose the name Stereos . After receiving the thumbs up from the judges from disBand , Stereos went to a large gig to receive a contract from the President of Universal Music Canada and judged by Kiss member Gene Simmons .
On June 4 their music video for `` Summer Girl '' debuted on the MuchMusic Countdown . The single also debuted at # 2 on the Canadian Hot 100 based on the large number of downloads in the first week and in June 2009 , Stereos ' debut single , `` Summer Girl '' sold over 120,000 units in Canada and has been certified CRIA double platinum in digital downloads . The band released their self-titled debut album Stereos on October 20 , 2009 and was certified gold by the CRIA in January 2010 with sales of over 40,000 copies . The band started their first ever Cross-Canada tour on November 7 , 2009 in Windsor , Ontario .
2010–2011 : The Show Must Go ... On The Road Tour and second studio album
Stereos went across Canada in March and April 2010 on Hedley 's The Show Must Go ... On The Road Tour . Hedley announced the tour in support of their new album The Show Must Go which was released November 17 , 2009 . `` Fefe Dobson and Stereos were along for the whole trek , while Faber Drive and Boys Like Girls joined on select dates . ''
In March 2010 , the band received two Juno Award nominations which were for Best New Artist , and Best Pop Album . They released two other singles that charted moderately , '' Turn It Up '' peaked at # 31 , and `` Butterflies '' at # 51 . The song `` She Only Likes Me When She 's Drunk '' failed to chart .
Stereos ' second album , titled `` Uncontrollable '' was released on December 14 , 2010 . The first single from the album , `` Uncontrollable '' was released on October 25 , 2010 and peaked at # 42 on the Canadian Hot 100 . The second single , '' Body Move '' was released in February 2011 , just before their cross Canada tour . In mid April the band 's drummer , Aaron , sustained a broken hand , leaving him unable to perform , causing the band to cancel their remaining shows .
2019–present : 10-Year Reunion and Return from hiatus
On March 10 , 2019 , Stereos announced a 10-year reunion show to take place on May 11 , 2019 , at Toronto 's Rec Room during Canadian Music Week on their Facebook page , which ended up selling out . A second 10-year reunion show in the band 's hometown of Edmonton took place on August 16 , 2019 and also sold out . On October 20 , 2019 , the band announced they were officially back in the studio recording new material . On February 3 , 2020 , the band announced via their social media pages that they would be releasing a brand-new single , titled `` Sunset Gold '' which was released on February 28 , 2020 .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Other charted songs
Music videos
`` Summer Girl '' — 2009
`` Throw Ya Hands Up '' — 2009
`` Turn It Up '' — 2009
`` Butterflies '' — 2010
`` Wingin ' It Themes '' — 2010
`` She Only Likes Me When She 's Drunk '' — 2010
`` Uncontrollable '' — 2010
`` Body Move '' — 2011
References
External links
Stereos at Twitter
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups from Edmonton
Canadian pop music groups
2008 establishments in Alberta
Musical groups disestablished in 2012
Musical groups reestablished in 2019
2012 disestablishments in Alberta
There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Whitmore family , one in the Baronetage of England and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom . One creation is extinct while the other is extant .
The Whitmore Baronetcy , of Apley in the County of Shropshire , was created in the Baronetage of England on 28 June 1641 for Thomas Whitmore , Member of Parliament for Bridgnorth . The second Baronet also represented this constituency in Parliament as well as Shropshire . The title became extinct on his death in 1699 .
The Whitmore Baronetcy , of Orsett in the County of Essex , was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 28 June 1954 for Francis Whitmore , Lord Lieutenant of Essex from 1936 to 1958 . Whitmore was a descendant of Richard Whitmore , brother of the first Baronet of the 1641 creation . He was succeeded in 1962 by his son John Whitmore , the second Baronet , who was a well-known management consultant and professional racing driver . The title passed to his only son , Jason , on Sir John 's death in 2017 .
The former seat of the Whitmore family was Apley Hall in Shropshire .
Whitmore baronets , of Apley ( 1641 )
Sir Thomas Whitmore , 1st Baronet ( 1612–1653 )
Sir William Whitmore , 2nd Baronet ( 1637–1699 )
Whitmore baronets , of Orsett ( 1954 )
Sir Francis Henry Douglas Charlton Whitmore , 1st Baronet ( 1872–1962 )
Sir John Henry Douglas Whitmore , 2nd Baronet ( 1937–2017 )
Sir Jason Whitmore , 3rd Baronet ( born 1983 )
There is no heir to the baronetcy .
Notes
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
Vertixe Sonora is a Spanish chamber ensemble founded in 2010 and specialized in contemporary classical music . It is an independent non-profit organisation functioning both as a platform which supports the creation and dissemination of New Music and as a music ensemble . Its artistic director since its founding has been the composer Ramón Souto . Their work has been shown in several documentary films as Correspondencias Sonoras ( 2013 ) by Manuel del Río ,
History
The group appeared in 2010 as a flexible collective of soloists who specialize in contemporary classical music .
Repertory
The wide repertory of Vertixe Sonora mainly comprises pieces written specifically for them . Some of the composers who have collaborated with the ensemble are Ramón Souto , Santiago Díez Fischer , Fernando Garnero , Germán Alonso , Bernardo Barros , Stefan Beyer , Charles-Antoine Fréchette , Takuto Fukuda , Jacobo Gaspar , Víctor Ibarra , Esaias Järnegard , Alexander Khubeev , Matthias Kranebitter , Dmitri Kourliandski , Michelle Lou , Miguel Matamoro , Simone Movio , Abel Paul , Marek Poliks , Stefan Prins , Santiago Quintáns , Lula Romero , Elena Rykova , Benjamin Scheuer , Sabrina Schroeder , Sergio Blardony , Nadir Vassena , González Compeán , Hernández Ramos , and Mauricio Pauly .
Members
Roberto Alonso / Mario Peris , violin
Adriana Aranda / Maribeth Diggle , voice
Rubén Barros / Nuno Marques , electric guitar
Jesús Coello , bassoon
Pablo Coello , saxophones and music direction
David Durán / Haruna Takebe , piano
Ángel Faraldo / Iván Ferrer-Orozco , electronics
Pilar Fontalba , oboe
Aglaya González / Alfonso Noriega , viola
Carlos Méndez / Kathryn Schulmeister , double bass
María Mogas , accordion
Felipe Agell / Carlos Gálvez / Hugo Queirós / Jorge López / Daniel Veiga , clarinets
Sérgio Pacheco , trumpet
Thomas Piel / Ailsa Lewin , violoncello
Iago Ríos , trombone
Clara Saleiro , flutes
Diego Ventoso , percussion
Discography
2016 - XXVII Premio Jóvenes Compositores . Fundación SGAE-CNDM . Pedro Amaral , conductor
2019 - Lula Romero : ins Offene . Wergo
2020 - Víctor Ibarra : The Dimension of the Fragile - Works for Ensemble . Nacho de Paz , conductor . NEOS
Documentaries
2013 - Correspondencias Sonoras . Manuel del Río
2014 - son [ UT ] opías . CampUSCulturae
2020 - Enrique X. Macías . A lira do deserto . Manuel del Río
ISCM - Spain
Since 2021 , Vertixe Sonora is the Spanish Section of the International Society for Contemporary Music ( ISCM ) . That is the return of Spanish representation at the ISCM after several years . An important aspect of the organisation 's role is to convene an annual jury to select Spanish works that will be considered for performance at the ISCM 's World Music Days festival .
References
External links
Vertixe 's website .
Vertixe at CNDM .
Full documentary film from sonUTopías 2013 .
Contemporary classical music ensembles
Spanish orchestras
Musical groups established in 2010
2010 establishments in Spain
Dharmakshetre Kurukshetre is a 1975 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by Kunchacko . The film stars Prem Nazir , Jayabharathi , Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair . The film has musical score by M. S. Viswanathan and Kumarakam Rajappan .
Cast
Prem Nazir
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Prema
Bahadoor
M. G. Soman
Jayan
Rajakokila
Vincent
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and Kumarakam Rajappan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar .
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
The 1997–98 LEN Champions League was the 35th edition of LEN 's premier competition for men 's water polo clubs . It ran from 1997 to 6 June 1998 , and it was contested by 16 teams . The Final Four ( semifinals , final , and third place game ) took place on June 5 and June 6 in Zagreb .
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four ( Zagreb )
Final standings
See also
1997–98 LEN Cup Winners ' Cup
1997–98 LEN Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
1997 in water polo
1998 in water polo
Champions League
Uralo-Kavkaz ( , ) is an urban-type settlement in Krasnodon Municipality in the southeastern part of Luhansk Oblast , Ukraine . Population : , .
The settlement is located on the banks of the Duvanna River , in the basin of the Donets River , close to the border with Russia .
History
Uralo-Kavkaz ( literally Urals and Caucasus ) and was founded in 1914 , when the Urals and Caucasus Joint-stock Company started operating a coal mine here . The settlement was developed to serve this one and the subsequently opened mines . At the time , it belonged to Slavyanoserbsk Uyezd of Yekaterinoslav Governorate . In 1920 , Donetsk Governorate with the center in Luhansk ( later in Bakhmut ) was established , and the uyezd was transferred to Donetsk Governorate . On 7 March 1923 , the uyezds were abolished , and Sorokine Raion of Luhansk Okruha was established . Uralo-Kavkaz was included into Sorokine Raion . On 14 February 1925 , Donetsk Governorate was abolished , and okruhas were directly subordinated to the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic . On 2 September 1930 , okruhas were abolished as well , and raions were directly subordinated to the Republic . In 1930 , Sorokine Raion became a Russian National Raion ; this status was later in the 1930s abolished . On 2 July 1932 , Donetsk Oblast was established , and Sorokine Raion was transferred to Donetsk Oblast . In March 1936 , Sorokine Raion was renamed Krasnodon Raion . On 3 June 1938 , Donetsk Oblast was split into Stalino Oblast and Voroshilovgrad Oblast . When Krasnodon became a city of oblast significance and split off Krasnodon Raion , Uralo-Kavkaz was subordinated to the city of Krasnodon . In 1958 , Voroshilovgrad Oblast was renamed Luhansk Oblast , in 1970 it was renamed back Voroshilovgrad Oblast , and in 1991 it was renamed Luhansk Oblast .
In January 1989 the population was 3365 people .
After 1991 , in independent Ukraine , Uralo-Kavkaz became a major center of criminal activity . The only significant economic activity in the settlement involved illegal coal mining and smuggling of goods through the border with Russia .
Since 2014 , Uralo-Kavkaz has been controlled by forces of the Luhansk People 's Republic .
References
Urban-type settlements in Luhansk Oblast
ULP may refer to :
Science and technology
Unit in the last place in computer science
File extension for CadSoft/Autodesk EAGLE User Language Program
Organisations
Université Louis Pasteur , Strasbourg , France
Former United Labour Party ( New Zealand )
Unity Labour Party , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Other uses
Unfair labor practice , in US labor law
Quilpie Airport , IATA airport code `` ULP ''
Andrus Johani ( 1 September 1906 – 18 August 1941 ) was an Estonian painter .
Johani was born in Tallinn and came of age as an artist with his friend Kaarel Liimand . They both painted and sketched scenes of daily life and traveled to the European art centers together , most notably Paris in 1937 .
Since 1933 he was married to the librarian , who later served as a director of the National Library of Estonia during the Soviet occupation ( then named State Library of the Estonian SSR ) .
He served in the defense of Tartu during WWII . He was taken prisoner by the Germans , and executed in the Tartu prison .
Gallery
References
External links
1906 births
1941 deaths
Artists from Tallinn
People from the Governorate of Estonia
20th-century Estonian painters
20th-century Estonian male artists
Estonian people of World War II
Estonian people executed by Nazi Germany
Fuad Kokaly ( ) is a Palestinian politician and diplomat . He was born in 1962 in Beit Sahour , in the West Bank . He was detained by Israeli forces during the crackdown on the Beit Sahour tax resistance . He was the mayor of Beit Sahour for several years , and is a member of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy . He also served as the head of the Fatah party in Bethlehem . He is a member of the Palestinian Legislative Council and the current ambassador of the State of Palestine to Romania .
References
Fatah members
Kakaly , Fuad
People from Beit Sahour
Living people
Members of the 2006 Palestinian Legislative Council
1962 births
Ambassadors of the State of Palestine to Romania
Stephen John Shutt ( born July 1 , 1952 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and NHL Hall of Famer who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , 12 seasons for the Montreal Canadiens and 1 season for the Los Angeles Kings . He is in the Hockey Hall of Fame . While playing for the Canadiens he captured 5 Stanley Cups in 1973 , 1976 , 1977 , 1978 , and 1979 .
Playing career
As a youth , he played in the 1964 and 1965 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with minor ice hockey teams from Toronto .
Partnered with Jacques Lemaire and Guy Lafleur on the Montreal Canadiens , to form the top line in the NHL , Shutt became the first left-winger in NHL history to score 60 goals in a single season , with the historic goal being scored on April 3 , 1977 , against the Washington Capitals .
During his career with Montreal , he was named to the NHL First All-Star team in 1977 , and the NHL Second All-Star team in 1978 and 1980 .
Playing style
Despite being of relatively small stature and possessing average skating ability , Shutt had remarkable spatial awareness and was very positionally sound . He was consistently able to get into dead areas of coverage on the ice , either by anticipating where the puck was going to be or by arriving late on a play .
He was also a masterful goal scorer , possessing a diverse arsenal of shots . His wrist shot was known for its superior accuracy , and Shutt was noted for his ability to consistently pick corners or hit the five-hole .
Moreover , Shutt was famous for the power and unusual level of accuracy found in his slap shot , which he could get off in full stride while coming down the wing . Shutt was frequently able to let fly one or two steps inside the offensive zone and beat goalies clean . New York Islanders goaltender Billy Smith , who faced the Habs many times in the 70s and 80s , gave credit to the superiority of Shutt 's slapshot :
“ He had a great shot . Unbelievable shot . He 'd come across the blue line and he could tee it up better than anybody . And he was accurate , which is scary for someone with a slap shot . ”
In addition to having a superb slap shot on the fly , the precision and consistency of Shutt 's one timer also earned him a spot as the point man on the Habs ' power play over many of the defencemen on his team .
However , the most noteworthy part of Shutt 's game was his ability to collect rebounds and turn them into so-called “ garbage goals ” . As Shutt himself claimed , “ I 'm the only guy that could score goals and make it boring ” . This particular element of Shutt 's playing style fit him into a long line of “ garbage collectors ” who earned a majority of their goals from around the crease – players like Nels Stewart and Gordie Drillon before him , his contemporary Phil Esposito and skaters of a later generation such as Corey Perry . He had exceptional hand-eye coordination , and a deft knack for converting loose pucks into deflections – even batting in pucks which had bounced one or two feet off the ice . Noted author and sports columnist Brian McFarlane claimed that Shutt had the fastest set of hands around the net during his time in the NHL , with an ability to corral the puck with his skates as well as protect it with his body and stick .
Shutt gave a simple explanation for how he developed his excellent reflexes as a child : “ We always had about fifteen kids on the ice , and so there was n't a lot of room . And so you had to be really quick with your hands . ”
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
* Stanley Cup Champion .
International
Post playing career
Following his playing career , Shutt worked as a television hockey commentator . From 1993 to 1997 , he worked on the Canadiens coaching staff as an assistant coach on both the staffs of Jacques Demers and Mario Tremblay .
Following his assistant coaching duties with the Montreal Canadiens , Shutt joined Toromont Industries as Manager of Recreational Facilities and Services and has been with them for the past 19 years .
On November 22 , 2003 , Shutt participated with the Canadiens ' old-timers against the Edmonton Oilers oldtimers in the Heritage Classic , the first outdoor game in the history of the NHL played at Commonwealth Stadium , in Edmonton , Alberta . Shutt also tours Canada and the U.S. as a playing member of the Oldtimers ' Hockey Challenge , raising money for charitable causes .
See also
List of NHL players with 100-point seasons
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Canadian colour commentators
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian polo players
Canadian television sportscasters
Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
Sportspeople from North York
Los Angeles Kings players
Montreal Canadiens announcers
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Montreal Canadiens players
National Hockey League broadcasters
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Nova Scotia Voyageurs players
People from Willowdale , Toronto
Stanley Cup champions
Toronto Marlboros players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Edmonton Oilers announcers
`` Bleed '' is the third single by metal band Soulfly , released in 1998 from the self-titled album Soulfly . Limp Bizkit guest members Fred Durst and DJ Lethal sing this song about pain , lying and madness with lyrics written by Durst and Max Cavalera . This song tributes Cavalera for the untimely death of his stepson Dana .
`` Bleed '' was the first music video released by Soulfly . Scenes include a fight including strangling , guest singer Durst jumped , and driving with shattered windshield on the driver side of a car .
Track listing
Maxi-single
Promo CD
Personnel
Soulfly
Max Cavalera – vocals , guitar , berimbau on track one , talk box on track two
Jackson Bandeira – guitar
Marcello D. Rapp – bass
Roy `` Rata '' Moyorga – drums
Additional personnel
Fred Durst – vocals on track one
DJ Lethal – scratches on track one
Jorge Du Peixe – percussion on track three
Gilmar Bolla Oito – percussion and triangle on track three
Produced by Ross Robinson
Charts
References
Soulfly songs
1998 songs
1998 singles
Songs written by Max Cavalera
Songs written by Fred Durst
Roadrunner Records singles
Rap metal songs
In enzymology , a phosphoglucosamine mutase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate D-glucosamine 6-phosphate
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , alpha-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate , and one product , D-glucosamine 6-phosphate .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically the phosphotransferases ( a-D-phosphohexomutases ) , which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule . The systematic name of this enzyme class is alpha-D-glucosamine 1,6-phosphomutase . This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism .
Crystal structures of two bacterial phosphoglucosamine mutases are known ( PDB entries 3I3W and 3PDK ) , from Francisella tularensis and Bacillus anthracis . Both share a similar dimeric quaternary structure , and conserved features of the active site , as found their enzyme superfamily , the a-D-phosphohexomutases .
References
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Coco bread is eaten in Jamaica and other areas of the Caribbean . The bread contains some coconut milk , and is starchy and slightly sweet in taste . It is often split in half and stuffed with a Jamaican patty to form a sandwich in the same manner as a pasty barm .
History
There is no certainty regarding when coco bread was first made and by whom ; however , locals believe that coco bread was a product of enslaved Africans who worked on Caribbean sugar plantations.However , since then it has been popular within the Caribbean community .
See also
Bammy
Bulla cakes
Dumplings
Festivals
Hard dough bread
Caribbean cuisine
List of Jamaican dishes
References
Jamaican cuisine
Caribbean cuisine
Foods containing coconut
Jamaican breads
The Train Express Regional ( TER ) is airport rail link in Senegal that connects Dakar with the Blaise Diagne International Airport . It was built by French companies Engie and Thales Group . The contract is valued at €2 billion .
History
Construction on the TER began in the third quarter of 2016 and is expected to be fully completed at the end of 2023 .
The line will be built in two stages , with the first covering 36 km from the city of Dakar to Diamniadio , while the second stage covering 19 km more to the airport .
The first phase of the line , running the 13 stations from Dakar to Diamniadio , was inaugurated on 27 December 2021 .
Before opening , protests were held by some Dakar citizens who felt they had not been sufficiently compensated by the government after their homes and businesses were demolished during the line 's construction .
Stations
Dakar
Hann
Thiaroye
Mbao
Rufisque
Bargny
Diamniadio
Blaise Diagne International Airport
Rolling stock
15 four-car Coradia Polyvalent trainsets The trainsets are mainline dual-mode trains ( diesel and electric 25 kV ) capable of running at speeds of 160 km/h . Each trainset is 72 metres long with four cars and has capacity for 531 passengers in two classes ( first and second ) .
Parameters
Length : 54 km
Stations : 14
Lines : 1
Gauge :
Voltage : 25 kV AC
Train size : 4
Fleet size : 15
Max speed : 160 km/h
See also
Rail transport in Senegal
References
Dakar
Proposed railway lines
Transport in Senegal
Rail transport in Senegal
25 kV AC railway electrification
Louis Dorfsman ( April 24 , 1918 – October 22 , 2008 ) was an American graphic designer who oversaw almost every aspect of the advertising and corporate identity for the Columbia Broadcasting System ( CBS ) in his 40 years with the network .
Biography
Early life and education
Dorfsman was born in 1918 on the Lower East Side of Manhattan , and moved as a child to the Bronx . His parents were Jewish immigrants from Poland . Dorfsman attended Theodore Roosevelt High School , graduating in 1935 . Dorfsman had wanted to attend New York University and study bacteriology there , but was unable to afford the tuition . He chose to attend Cooper Union , where he received a four-year scholarship and graduated in 1939 . Dorfsman served on Cooper Union 's board of directors for many years .
Early career
After graduation , his design jobs included making displays for the 1939 New York World 's Fair .
World War II
Dorfsman served in the United States Army during World War II , using his design skills .
With CBS
Dorfsman was hired in 1946 as art director for the CBS Radio Network . Dorfsman 's designs were described by The New York Times as featuring `` clear typography , simple slogans and smart illustration '' . He commissioned work from portraitist Feliks Topolski and painter Ben Shahn . After William Golden died in 1959 , Dorfsman was named creative director of CBS Television . By 1964 , he was selected as the director of design for all of CBS and was later promoted to senior vice president and creative director for marketing communications and design in 1968 . In this role he maintained creative control over the network 's use of the CBS Eye logo to its proprietary CBS Didot typeface . The Times credited the `` cleverness and subtle beauty of his advertisements '' with drawing viewers to the network 's news and entertainment programs .
The print advertising Dorfsman created for CBS created a sense of urgency for the network 's news and public affairs programming . A full-page newspaper ad for the series Of Black America showed a black man in black and white , with half his face painted with the stars and stripes of the United States flag . A newspaper ad for The Warren Report : A CBS News Inquiry in Four Parts showed a hand holding the John F. Kennedy assassination 's `` magic bullet '' with a headline stating that `` This is the bullet that hit both President Kennedy and Governor Connally . Or did it ? '' Advertising of CBS News coverage of the 1972 presidential election described CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite as having been `` Re-elected the Most Trusted Man in America '' .
Dorfsman oversaw design of annual reports for CBS and created promotional commemorative volumes , including a 1969 limited-edition book with a cover embossed to resemble the lunar surface , after the first manned moon landing . He designed sets for Walter Cronkite 's CBS Evening News and for the CBS Morning News .
In Eero Saarinen 's CBS Building on 52nd Street and Sixth Avenue , Dorfsman was responsible for all of the building 's graphics , designating the type , design and spacing for wall clocks , elevator buttons , and elevator inspection stickers . He designed a , design called Gastrotypographicalassemblage for the building 's cafeteria that listed all of the foods offered to patrons in hand-milled wood type . Dorfsman considered this work to be `` his magnum opus , his gift to the world '' . The work has now been installed in a building on the Hyde Park campus of the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park , New York .
Dorfman retired from CBS in November 1987 to establish his own studio . The responsibilities for advertising , which had previously been handled in-house under Dorfsman 's supervision , were transferred to Backer , Spielvogel , Bates .
Dorfsman died at age 90 on October 22 , 2008 in Roslyn , New York of congestive heart failure .
Honors and recognition
In 1978 , Dorfsman was recognized as a medalist by the AIGA , `` awarded to individuals in recognition of their exceptional achievements , services or other contributions to the field of design and visual communication '' . He was awarded the TDC Medal by the Type Directors Club in 1995 .
The 1988 book Dorfsman & CBS by Dick Hess and Marion Muller covered his more than 40 years with the network .
References
1918 births
2008 deaths
American graphic designers
AIGA medalists
CBS people
People from the Lower East Side
People from the Bronx
Cooper Union alumni
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
United States Army personnel of World War II
The dotted tanager ( Ixothraupis varia ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
It is found in Brazil , French Guiana , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
References
dotted tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
dotted tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Il-54 was a transonic bomber developed in the USSR in the 1950s . Only two examples were built before the project was abandoned .
Design and development
The Council of Ministers issued a directive to OKB-115 , for a transonic bomber prototype to be submitted for State Acceptance Trials in July 1954 . The design of this bomber went through several stages before settling on the final configuration .
The Il-54 , as built , had a very thin 45 degree swept wing with anhedral , which was shoulder-mounted on the fuselage . The Lyulka AL-7 engines were housed in slim , pylon mounted , pods at approximately 1/3 span . Because the wings and engine nacelles were too small to house a conventional undercarriage , the Il-54 used a bicycle undercarriage arrangement , with nose and main gear units on the centreline of the aircraft , at each end of the bomb bay . This arrangement meant a conventional rotating takeoff would be impossible . To enable the Il-54 to take off , in a reasonable runway length , the main gear knelt and the nose gear extended to give the ideal angle of incidence for takeoff ( 10 degrees ) .
Flight trials of the Il-54 commenced in April 1955 with test pilot Vladimir Kokkinaki at the controls . Difficult handling during the landing run was rectified by modifying the undercarriage .
Production of the Il-54 was not proceeded with , due to competition from Yak-25 derivatives , and the belief that manned aircraft would soon be replaced by missiles .
Booked to fly in the flypast at Tushino Airfield in 1956 , the Il-54 was dropped from the flying programme . The aircraft was then shown to a US military delegation at Kubinka . The delegation was told that the Il-54 was the Il-149 , as part of a deception programme . As a result , the Il-54 was assigned far more importance than it actually warranted , and was assigned the NATO reporting name ( `` Blowlamp '' ) after it had ceased flying .
Variants
Datafrom : OKB Ilyushin
Il-54T - Torpedo Bomber ( project )
Il-54U - Trainer ( project )
Il-54R - Photo-Reconnaissance ( project )
Specifications ( Il-54 )
See also
References
External links
1950s Soviet bomber aircraft
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
Il-054
Twinjets
Aircraft first flown in 1955
Sir Harry Edward Augustus Twyford , KBE ( 1870 – 10 January 1967 ) was the Lord Mayor of London from 1937 to 1938 .
References
Who Was Who
External links
1870 births
1967 deaths
Knights Bachelor
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
You 're My Jamaica is a studio album by American country music artist Charley Pride . It was released in August 1979 via RCA Victor Records and contained ten tracks . It was co-produced by Pride and Jerry Bradley . You 're My Jamaica was the twenty sixth studio project released in his music career . Both its singles became major hits on the country charts in the United States and Canada : `` Missin ' You '' and the title track . The record would receive positive reviews from music publications following its release .
Background and content
As Charley Pride 's career progressed , he developed a smoother country pop style . This became more evident in the latter half of the 1970s decade with several hits that promoted this image , such as `` She 's Just an Old Love Turned Memory '' and `` Where Do I Put Her Memory . '' You 're My Jamaica also exemplified a country pop sound . The album was recorded at the Music City Hall studio , which was located in Nashville , Tennessee . Sessions took place in May 1979 under the co-production of Pride and his recent collaborator , Jerry Bradley . All of the album 's ten titles were new tracks . Two of its tracks were cuts composed by Gary McCray : `` Heartbreak Mountain '' and `` Let Me Have a Chance to Love You . '' It also featured two songs composed by Kent Robbins , including the single `` Missin ' You . ''
Release and reception
You 're My Jamaica was released in August on RCA Victor Records . The project would make it Pride 's twenty sixth studio album release in his recording career . The album was originally distributed as both a vinyl LP and a cassette . The album would peak at number 11 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart in the fall of 1979 . It also reached number six on the Canadian RPM Country Albums chart , becoming his third LP to reach a position on the list . It also was Pride 's first studio release to chart in New Zealand , reaching number 33 on their albums chart in 1979 . Following its release , You 're My Jamaica would receive a positive response from Billboard magazine . Writers of called Pride 's vocal performance to be `` better than ever '' and found the album 's material to be top of top quality . The album would later receive three stars from Allmusic .
Two singles would be spawned from You 're My Jamaica . The title track was the project 's first single release , which occurred in May 1979 . It spent 15 weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Songs list and eventually reached the number one spot by September 1979 . `` Missin ' You '' was issued in October 1979 as the album 's second single . The song also spent 15 weeks on the Billboard country chart and peaked at number two by January 1980 . Both singles would reach identical chart positions on the RPM Country Singles chart in Canada .
Track listing
Vinyl and cassette versions
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of You 're My Jamaica .
Musical personnel
Harold Bradley – bass guitar
David Briggs – piano
Jimmy Capps – guitar
Ray Edenton – guitar
Ralph Gallant – drums
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Mike Leach – bass
Charlie McCoy – harmonica , vibes
Charley Pride – lead vocals
Pete Wade – guitar
Chip Young – guitar
Technical personnel
Jerry Bradley – producer
Herb Burnette – art direction
Dan Dea – engineer
Richard Dodd – engineer
Bill Harris – engineer
Randy Kling – mastering
Mike Moran – arrangement
Charley Pride – producer
Nick Sangiamo – photography
Bergen White – arrangement
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
1979 albums
Albums produced by Jerry Bradley ( music executive )
Albums produced by Charley Pride
Charley Pride albums
RCA Victor albums
Lester Steers ( June 16 , 1917 – January 23 , 2003 ) was an American track and field high jumper . In 1941 he broke the world record for the high-jump three times . His last record stood for 12 years .
Track career
Steers attended Palo Alto High School , winning the CIF California State Meet three years in a row from 1935-7 and San Mateo Junior College before attending the University of Oregon in 1941 , competing for the 'Ducks ' in the year of his greatest triumphs .
Steers was a great all-round athlete who competed at the javelin , shot put and high-hurdles for his college athletics team as well as the high jump giving him the aspiration of competing as a decathlete .
It was , however , as a high-jumper that he achieved his greatest success . He was NCAA ( United States collegiate ) champion ( 1941 ) )
, 3 times AAU ( United States national ) champion ( 1939–41 )
, and a gold medalist at the World University Games in 1939 ( where he also won silver in the javelin and bronze in the pentathlon ) .
As a jumper , Steers used the 'Belly Roll ' , a variation of the 'Western Roll ' .
Later life
Steers remained in Oregon reportedly working as a salesman .
He died in 2003 , a resident of Richland Washington .
World records
Steers achieved the following world records during his athletics career :
2.10 m ( 6 ' 10 3/4 '' ) in Seattle on 26 April 1941 ;
2.105 m ( 6 ' 10 7/8 '' ) in Los Angeles on 24 May 1941 ;
2.11 m ( 6 ' 11 '' ) in Los Angeles on 17 June 1941 .
Note : only the third was ratified by the sports ' governing body , the IAAF .
Steers is also reported to have cleared 7 feet 1/2 inch in an exhibition jump in Eugene on 27 February 1941 . The first official clearance of 7 feet was 15 years later by Charles Dumas .
Accolades and awards
In 1974 , Steers was inducted into the USA Track and Field Hall of Fame .
In 1992 , Steers was inducted into the University of Oregon Hall of Fame .
References
1917 births
2003 deaths
American male high jumpers
Oregon Ducks men 's track and field athletes
Sportspeople from Eureka , California
Track and field athletes from California
Karma.Bloody.Karma is the third studio album by deathgrind band Cattle Decapitation . It was released on July 11 , 2006 . The track `` Total Gore ? '' features guest vocals from Joey Karam of The Locust . It is the last album to feature drummer Michael Laughlin .
The album cover depicts a figure resembling the Hindu deity Shiva , while the album name refers to karma , a concept attributed to Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism , Sikhism , and Taoism . In an interview with Aggressive Tendencies , Travis Ryan explained that the album cover was actually a plan B .
Track listing
Personnel
Cattle Decapitation
Michael Laughlin – drums
Josh Elmore – guitar , EBow ( `` Of Human Pride and Flatulence '' )
Travis Ryan – vocals
Troy Oftedal – bass guitar , piano ( `` Alone at the Landfill '' )
Additional personnel
John Wiese – electronics
Joey Karam – vocals ( `` Total Gore ? `` ) , keyboards ( `` Total Gore ? `` , `` Of Human Pride and Flatulence '' )
Billy Anderson - producer
References
2006 albums
Cattle Decapitation albums
Albums with cover art by Wes Benscoter
Albums produced by Billy Anderson ( producer )
Kansas 's 25th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate . It has been represented by Democrat Mary Ware since her 2019 appointment to succeed Lynn Rogers who resigned following his election as Lieutenant Governor .
Geography
District 25 is based entirely in western Wichita , straddling the Arkansas River in central Sedgwick County .
The district is located within Kansas 's 4th congressional district , and overlaps with the 86th , 92nd , 95th , 97th , 103rd , and 105th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives . At 20.4 square miles , it is tied with the 8th district for smallest Senate district in the state .
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 25
References
25
Sedgwick County , Kansas
The Hopkins-Cole reaction , also known as the glyoxylic acid reaction , is a chemical test used for detecting the presence of tryptophan in proteins . A protein solution is mixed with Hopkins Cole reagent , which consists of glyoxylic acid . Concentrated sulfuric acid is slowly added to form two layers . A purple ring appears between the two layers if the test is positive for tryptophan . Nitrites , chlorates , nitrates and excess chlorides prevent the reaction from occurring .
The reaction was first reported by Frederick Gowland Hopkins and Sydney W. Cole in 1901 , as part of their work on the first isolation of tryptophan itself .
References
Protein methods
Chemical tests
Indio may refer to :
Places
Indio , Bovey Tracey , an historic estate in Devon , England
Indio , California , a city in Riverside County , California , United States
People with the name
Indio ( musician ) , Canadian musician Gordon Peterson
Índio , Brazilian football players :
Índio ( footballer , born 1931 ) , or Aluísio Francisco da Luz
Índio ( footballer , born 1972 ) , or Francisco Anibio da Silva Costa , indoor footballer , see 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship
Índio ( footballer , born 1975 ) , or Marcos Antônio de Lima
Índio ( footballer , born 1979 ) , or José Sátiro do Nascimento
Índio ( footballer , born 1981 ) , or Antônio Rogério Silva Oliveira
Índio ( footballer , born 1996 ) , or Matheus da Cunha Gomes
Ethnicities
Indio , a term referring to the indigenous peoples of the Americas
Indio , the Spanish Colonial racial term for the native Austronesian peoples of the Philippines between the 16th and 19th centuries
Indio , the Spanish term for Indian people , and/or people from India
Arts , entertainment , and media
Films and television
Indio ( 1981 film ) , Filipino film by Carlo J. Caparas
Indio ( 1989 film ) , Italian film by Anthony M. Dawson
Indio ( TV series ) ( 2013 ) , a fictional epic set upon the start of the Spanish colonization of the Philippines
Music
Indio ( album ) by Australian rock-pop band , Indecent Obsession ( 1992 )
`` Indio '' ( song ) by Indecent Obsession taken from the album of the same name ( 1992 )
`` `` Índios '' '' , song by Legião Urbana taken from the album Dois ( 1986 )
Other uses
Indio ( beer ) , a Mexican beer brand
Indio ( coin ) , a Portuguese coin minted from 1499 to 1504
Indios de Ciudad Juárez , a football team
See also
El Indio ( disambiguation )
India
Gornji Branetići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 578 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Selçuk Eker ( ; born on December 18 , 1991 in Gebze , Kocaeli Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the flyweight division . The tall athlete at is a member of Kocaeli Büyükşehir Belediyesi Kağıt Spor Kulübü in Izmit .
He qualified for participation at the 2012 Summer Olympics after he won the silver medal at the 2012 European Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Trabzon , Turkey .
References
1991 births
People from Gebze
Living people
Flyweight boxers
Kocaeli Büyükşehir Belediyesi Kağıt Spor boxers
Olympic boxers of Turkey
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Turkish male boxers
Boxers at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Turkey
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
The Lord-Baylies-Bennett House is a historic house located at 66 Winthrop Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Description and history
The house was built in 1831 for Joseph L. Lord , Postmaster of Taunton . The -story house , with its wide front gable and portico and fieldstone construction , is a unique form of Greek Revival architecture . The low-pitched gable roof is broken by four , very tall paneled brick chimneys with paired caps .
The house was sold to Francis Baylies in 1836 . Baylies was an author , lawyer , judge and foreign diplomat . In 1959 , the property was sold to the King David Masonic Lodge , who added a large modern brick addition off the rear of the main house .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 , 1984 . It is next door to the Samuel Washburn House .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton , Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton , Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton , Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Greek Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1831
Florian Fischerauer ( born 1 January 1999 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the reserve team of FC Admira Wacker Mödling .
External links
Austrian footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
1999 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
The 2016 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on July 31 , 2016 , at the Forum in Inglewood , California . The awards celebrate the year 's achievements in music , film , television , sports , fashion , comedy , and the Internet , and were voted on by viewers living in the US , aged 13 and over through various social media sites . Justin Timberlake received the inaugural Decade Award . The ceremony was hosted by John Cena and Victoria Justice .
Performers
Flo Rida '' My House '' , `` Good Feeling '' , `` Wild Ones '' ( ft. Bebe Rexha ) and `` Zillionaire ''
Charlie Puth '' We Do n't Talk Anymore ''
Ne-Yo '' What 's Going On ''
Serayah '' Look But Do n't Touch ''
Jason Derulo '' Kiss the Sky '' , `` Whatcha Say '' , `` Ridin ' Solo '' , `` Want to Want Me '' , `` Wiggle '' and `` Talk Dirty ''
Presenters
Ross Lynch and Gina Rodriguez—presented Choice Movie Actor : Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Bebe Rexha , Alessia Cara and Kelsea Ballerini—presented Choice TV Actor : Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Lea Michele and Bethany Mota—presented Choice TV : Drama
Cat Deeley and Maddie Ziegler—introduced the finalists of So You Think You Can Dance : The Next Generation
Sarah Hyland and John Stamos—presented Choice Summer TV Show
Terrence J and Katie Nolan—introduced Charlie Puth
Lana Parrilla and Paul Wesley—presented Choice TV : Comedy
Kobe Bryant—presented the Decade Award
Clayne Crawford and Damon Wayans—presented Choice Movie : Drama
Jessica Alba—introduced the families and survivors who were affected by gun violence and Ne-Yo
Hey Violet—presented Stride Mad Intense Winner Minute
Matthew Daddario and The Bella Twins—presented Choice Movie : Breakout Star
Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross—presented Choice Movie Actress : Comedy
Mark Consuelos and Kylie Bunbury—introduced Serayah
Laura Marano and Maia Mitchell—presented Choice Web Stars : Male and Female
Winners and nominees
The first wave of nominations were announced on May 24 , 2016 . The second wave was announced on June 9 , 2016 . The third and final wave was announced on July 6 , 2016 . Winners are listed first , in bold .
Movies
Television
Music
Digital
Fashion
Sports
Miscellaneous
Controversy
Family and fans of slain singer Christina Grimmie expressed disappointment that Grimmie was not mentioned during the show , especially during the # StoptheViolence tribute , which was presented by actress Jessica Alba and singer Ne-Yo and honored the family members of teens who had died as a result of violence .
References
External links
2016 awards in the United States
2016 in Los Angeles
July 2016 events in the United States
2016
Francis Gaffney is the name of :
F. Drew Gaffney ( born 1946 ) , Francis Andrew Gaffney , American doctor who flew aboard a NASA Space Shuttle mission
Frank Gaffney ( born 1953 ) , is the founder and president of the think tank Center for Security Policy and columnist
The Church of St Peter and St Paul ( ) , the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek , is a neo-Gothic sacral structure located in Osijek , Croatia . The multi-tiered 90-metre spire is one of the city 's landmarks . The church was built in 1898 on the initiative of the Bishop of Đakovo Josip Juraj Strossmayer .
The church is entered via a small door to the right of the main portal , overlooked by a trio of gargoyles . The interior is a treasure trove of neo-Gothic ornamentation , with a succession of pinnacled altars overlooked by exuberant stained glass windows . The interior was finished off in 1938–1942 when leading Croatian painter Mirko Rački covered the walls and ceilings with brightly coloured frescoes illustrating famous episodes from the Old and New Testaments .
Masses are held daily at 07:00 and 18:30 , and on Sundays at 06:30 , 07:30 , 08:30 , 10:00 , 11:30 and 18:30 .
Trivia
This is the tallest building in Croatia outside of Zagreb .
Capacity of the church during the mass is over 3000 people .
The church is built of three and a half million bricks , and has a colored stone altar .
The four tower bells weigh 2665 kg , 1552 kg , 740 kg . and 331 kg .
In 1991 , during Croatian War of Independence the church was heavily damaged .
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1898
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Osijek
1898 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Croatia
Tourist attractions in Osijek-Baranja County
Culture in Osijek
Co-cathedral
Spain national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Spain that represents the team in international competitions . The team has participated in the Paralympic Games and the IFCPF World Championships . Their best finish in their three Paralympic Games appearances was a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Paralympics .
Background
Federación Española de Deportes de Paralíticos Cerebrales ( FEDPC ) manages the national team . Spain was active internationally by 2016 , and had national championships to support national team player development . National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football ( IFCPF ) recognized national championship . Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 .
In some circumstances , Federació Esportiva Catalana de Paralítics Cerebrals serves as the national governing body when dealing with the IFCPF , and a Catalan team competes like a national team as Catalan national cerebral palsy team in some events against full national teams . This occurred in May 2015 , when two Catalan national squads played against the Tunisian squad .
Ranking
Spain was ranked eighteenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016 . Spain was ranked sixteenth in November 2014 . In August 2013 , Spain was thirteenth . In July 2011 and September 2012 , Spain was fourteenth .
Results
Spain has participated in a number of international tournaments . The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen , Denmark in early August . The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships . Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland , Canada , Portugal , Iran , Northern Ireland , Australia , Venezuela , Japan , Republic of South Korea , Germany , and Denmark .
IFCPF World Championships
Spain has participated in the IFCPF World Championships . At the 2011 CP-ISRA World Championship in Drenthe , Spain lost to Canada 2 - 3 .
Paralympic Games
Spain has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games .
Paralympic Results
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Spain at the Paralympics
Spain national football team
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Vilma Tanskanen ( born 14 April 1995 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays with Linköping HC Dam of the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) and the Finnish national team . She won a bronze medal at the 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship and played in the 2014 Winter Olympic Games and 2016 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
International career
Tanskanen was selected for the Finland women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . She played in all six games , not recording a point .
Tanskanen made two appearances for the Finland women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , with the first in 2012 .
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Finnish women 's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Sportspeople from Vantaa
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
North Dakota Fighting Hawks women 's ice hockey players
Mercyhurst Lakers women 's ice hockey players
Linköping HC Dam players
Espoo Blues Naiset players
Team Kuortane players
Captain America and Nick Fury : The Otherworld War is a sixty-eight page , one shot comic book , published by Marvel Comics in 2001 .
Publication history
The comic was written by Peter K. Hogan and published in October 2001 .
Plot
Taking place during World War II , the story features Captain America and Nick Fury , who join forces to take out Hydra head , Red Skull , who has stolen a mysterious secret weapon . When the Nazis trigger a gateway to the Dark Dimension , Captain America and Nick Fury find themselves face-to-face with Dormammu , an extra-dimensional mutant , born to a race of powerful beings made of pure energy , known as The Faltine .
Reception
Upon its release , the book was the highest-selling trade paperback in North America , selling 17,785 copies in August 2001 .
SuperMegaMonkey of Comics Chronology , stated that `` the art is decently good , but that the story leaves things to desire '' . THE DAILY P.O.P 's reviewer opined that `` The artwork by Leonardo Manco is quite stunning and fits the level of drama perfectly as Hogan 's script is both entertaining and subtle .
See also
2001 in comics
References
External links
Captain America titles
Nick Fury titles
Marvel Comics set during World War II
Caroline Deutsch ( 23 February 1846 – after 1903 ) was a German novelist .
Biography
Caroline Deutsch was born in Namesto , a small Hungarian village , on 23 February 1846 . Her father , a rabbi , was German in culture , and the German language and spirit prevailed in the family . While still very young , Caroline began to write poetry , some appearing in Berlin newspapers . In 1870 she graduated from Lina Morgenstern 's academy as a public teacher , obtaining at the same time a permanent position on the Jüdische Presse of Berlin . She published several novelettes in the Berlin Volkszeitung , and later wrote chiefly for the .
In 1875 she married in Hungary , and moved from there to Hamburg . Although her legal name was Caroline Weiss , she continued to write under her former name .
The scenes of Deutsch 's novels are mostly laid in Hungary , and she vividly describes the life of the Hungarian peasant and small tradesman . Her story Gedaljah , originally published in Die jüdische Presse ( 1906 ) , appeared in Hebrew and Ladino translations .
Publications
A novel .
References
1846 births
19th-century German Jews
19th-century German women writers
20th-century German Jews
20th-century German women writers
German women novelists
German women short story writers
Jewish German writers
Jewish novelists
Jewish women writers
People from Námestovo
Year of death missing
The 2008 National Premier Soccer League season was the 6th season of the NPSL . The season started in May , 2008 , and ended with the NPSL Championship Game on August 3 , 2008 .
Pennsylvania Stoners finished the season as national champions , beating St. Paul Twin Stars in the NPSL Championship game in Uniondale , New York on 3 August 2008 .
Pennsylvania Stoners forward Tom Ehrlich was named the National Premier Soccer League 's Player of the Year . Tom Ehrlich was also the league 's top scorer , with 11 goals .
Changes From 2007
New Franchises
Twelve franchises joined the league this year , all expansion franchises :
Name Changes
Rockford Raptors changed its name to Chicago Fire NPSL ( the actual organization did not change its name , just its NPSL competitive arm )
Maryland United changed its name to Charm City FC mid-season
Folding
Six teams left the league prior to the beginning of the season :
Colorado Crimson - Broomfield , Colorado
Denver Kickers - Golden , Colorado
Indianapolis Braves - Lawrence , Indiana
Real Shore FC - Lincroft , New Jersey
San Diego Pumitas - San Diego , California
Southern California Fusion - Carlsbad , California
In addition , three 2007 teams chose to spend the 2008 season on hiatus , with plans to return in 2009 :
FC Indiana - Indianapolis , Indiana
Indios USA - Canutillo , Texas
Sacramento Knights - Sacramento , California
Final standings
Purple indicates division title clinched
North Division
Mid-Atlantic Division
Southeast Division
Midwest Division
Southwest Division
Northwest Division
Playoffs
Divisional Rounds
Sonoma County Sol 3-1 San Diego United
Minnesota TwinStars beat Atlanta FC
Semi finals
Pennsylvania Stoners beat Sonoma County SolMinnesota TwinStars 1-1 Long Island Academy ( Minnesota TwinStars win 4-2 on penalties )
Final
Pennsylvania Stoners 3-0 St. Paul Twin Stars
Bracket
References
US soccer history archives for 2008
National Premier Soccer League seasons
4
Cremastobombycia ambrosiaeella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Ontario and Quebec Canada , and Illinois , Kentucky , Texas , Maine and New York in the United States .
The wingspan is 5.5-6.5 mm .
The larvae feed on Ambrosia species ( including Ambrosia artemisiifolia and Ambrosia trifida ) , Helianthus species ( including Helianthus giganteus ) , Heterotera squarrosa , Ridania alternifolia and Verbesina species ( including Verbesina alternifolia ) . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf . The mine is very small , almost circular and is not visible on the upperside as an inflated swelling . The dense white fusiform cocoon , suspended hammock-like in the mine , has a smooth surface .
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cremastobombycia at microleps.org
Lithocolletinae
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1871
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Carl-Michael Edenborg ( formerly surnamed Strömberg ) , born 1967 , is a Swedish writer , critic , editor , publisher and historian of ideas and literature .
Academic career
Edenborg has studied the history of alchemy , and completed a PhD in the History of Ideas at Stockholm University in 2002 with a dissertation on alchemy in Sweden in the age of Enlightenment , The shame of alchemy : expulsion of the alchemical tradition from the public sphere . The work was awarded with the Paracelsus prize by the Swedish Paracelsus Society and was published in an extended second edition in 2004 . He had previously touched on the subject in his biography of Gustaf Bonde , a Swedish 18th century statesman known for his political memoirs , who was also a pseudo-historian in the Rudbeckian tradition and an alchemist , and in an article on another Swedish alchemist , Fabian Wilhelm af Ekenstam , both from 1997 . He teaches at Stockholm University .
Other intellectual activities
Edenborg was one of the founding members of the Stockholm Surrealist Group in 1986 and published several books on its publishing company Surrealistförlaget . During the 1990s he started his own publishing company , Vertigo , which , among other things , has published a Swedish translation of Horace Walpole 's The Castle of Otranto ( `` Borgen i Otranto , 1996 ) in Paul Soares ' translation . Edenborg has taken an interest in early pornography and other literature beyond the mainstream canon . He has written a short article in the bibliographic journal Biblis on `` the first Swedish pornography '' . Vertigo has published the Marquis de Sade in Swedish translation , and a series of books called the `` Classics of transgressions '' ( Överträdelsens klassiker ) , including works by Dennis Cooper , Samuel R. Delany , Georges Bataille , Gabrielle Wittkop , Pauline Réage and more in the same tradition .
In 2011 , he co-wrote a graphic novel with his then wife , the illustrator Loka Kanarp : Hungerhuset . It was translated to French : La Maison de la Faim by French editor Actes Sud , and in 2014 into English : Hunger House published by Borderline Press . In 2012 , Edenborg 's novel Mitt grymma öde about the life of composer George Frideric Handel was published to some critical acclaim . In the same year he wrote a manifesto , Det parapornografiska manifestet , which was published in the U.S. by Action books under the title The Parapornographic Manifesto . Recently , he has revealed that he also wrote the novels and short stories that were published under the pseudonym Gunnar Blå .
In 2014 , his novel Alkemistens dotter was nominated for the August Prize .
Edenborg works as a critic for the Swedish daily newspaper Aftonbladet and runs a café that was first located in Stockholm 's Old Town but now is in Södermalm .
Selected publications
Bortom lustprincipen : Titlar av Sigmund Freud . A collage by Bruno Jacobs and C.-M. Strömberg ; texts by H. Christian Werner ( Stockholm : Surrealistförl. , 1988 )
Ett brott : Det är : tankar , fantasier , drömmar , förbannelser och lögner ... Octavia , with illustrations by Kajsa Bergh ( Stockholm : Surrealistförl. , 1988 )
Blodstrupe ( Stockholm : Surrealistförl. , 1989 )
Runornas erotik ( Stockholm : Surrealistförl. , 1989 )
`` Fabian Wilhelm af Ekenstam – romantiker och alkemist '' , Personhistorisk tidskrift 93 ( 1997 ) , pp . 90–115 .
`` Wallenska vissamlingen och den första svenska pornografin '' , Biblis 2000 ( 3 ) :3/4 = nr 11/12 , pp . 22–24 .
Gull och mull : Den monstruöse Gustaf Bonde , upplysningens fiende i frihetstidens Sverige : Historien om hans exkrementalkemi , hans krets och värld : försedd med psykoanalytiska , Batailleska och historiematerialistiska reflexioner , samt ett utkast mot döden . ( Lund : Ellerström , 1997 )
Alkemins skam : Den alkemiska traditionens utstötning ur offentligheten ( `` The shame of alchemy : Expulsion of the alchemical tradition from the public sphere '' ) . ( Univ . of Stockholm 2002 , 2nd ed . 2004 )
Hungerhuset ( `` House of Hunger '' ) . ( Stockholm : Kolik bokförlag 2011 )
Mitt grymma öde ( `` My cruel fate '' ) . ( Stockholm : Natur & Kultur , 2012 )
Det parapornografiska manifestet ( `` The Parapornographic Manifesto '' ) . ( Stockholm : Ink bokförlag , 2012 )
References
1967 births
Living people
Swedish male writers
Swedish-language writers
Intellectual historians
Stockholm University alumni
Giovanni Tani JCL ( born 8 April 1947 ) is the current archbishop of Urbino-Urbania-Sant'Angelo in Vado since his appointment was announced on 24 June 2011 . He had previously served as rector of the Pontifical Roman Seminary .
Tani was born in Sogliano al Rubicone , Forlì-Cesena , Italy , in the diocese of Rimini . After discerning a vocation to the priesthood he studied at the Minor Seminary of Rimini and then to the Regional Seminary of Bologna . He was a student at the Pontifical Roman Major Seminary . He later attended the Pontifical Gregorian University , obtaining his degree in Spiritual Theology . He went on to obtain a licentiate in Canon Law at the Pontifical Lateran University . He was ordained priest on 29 December 1973 for the Diocese of Rimini .
In the ministry has held the following positions : Director of Spiritual Seminary in Rimini , from 1974 to 1985 , Spiritual Director of the Pontifical Roman Major Seminary , from 1985 to 1999 , and pastor of Our Lady of Lourdes in Tormarancia in Rome , from 1999 to 2003 , Rector of the Pontifical Roman Major Seminary , Rector of the Church of the Four Crowned Saints at the Lateran , a member of the Priests ' Council , Member of the Diocesan Pastoral Council , President of the Missionary Institute Imperial Borromeo since 2003 ; Assistant Spiritual Apostolate Salvatorian Academic , 2006 .
In 1992 he was appointed chaplain of His Holiness . As per the norms of canon law he most be ordained to the episcopate within four months of appointment being announced .
He was ordained a bishop by Agostino Cardinal Vallini Vicar General of Rome on 17 September 2011 . The principal co-consecrators was Bishop Francesco Lambiasi bishop of Rimini and Archbishop Francesco Marinelli archbishop emeritus of Urbino-Urbania-Sant'Angelo in Vado .
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Sogliano al Rubicone
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Pontifical Roman Seminary alumni
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Pontifical Lateran University alumni
Elizabeth Stafford ( c. 1479 – 11 May 1532 ) was an English noblewoman .
Family
Elizabeth Stafford was the daughter of Henry Stafford , 2nd Duke of Buckingham , and Lady Catherine Woodville , the daughter of Richard Woodville , 1st Earl Rivers , by Jacquetta of Luxembourg , daughter of Pierre de Luxembourg , Count of St Pol , and was thus a niece of Elizabeth Woodville , queen consort to King Edward IV .
By her father 's marriage to Catherine Woodville , Elizabeth Stafford had two brothers , Edward Stafford , 3rd Duke of Buckingham , and Henry Stafford , 1st Earl of Wiltshire , and a sister , Anne , who married firstly , Sir Walter Herbert ( died 16 September 1507 ) , an illegitimate son of William Herbert , 1st Earl of Pembroke , and secondly , George Hastings , 1st Earl of Huntingdon .
After the execution of the 2nd Duke of Buckingham , his widow , Catherine Woodville , married Jasper Tudor , second son of Owen Tudor and King Henry V 's widow , Catherine of Valois . After Jasper Tudor 's death on 21 December 1495 , Catherine Woodville married Sir Richard Wingfield ( died 22 July 1525 ) . Catherine Woodville died 18 May 1497 . After her death , Sir Richard Wingfield married Bridget Wiltshire , daughter and heiress of Sir John Wiltshire of Stone Castle , Kent .
Elizabeth Stafford 's only paternal aunt was Margaret Dayrell who was wife to James Tuchet , 7th Baron Audley . Her maternal uncles included ( among others ) Anthony Woodville , 2nd Earl Rivers , Richard Woodville , 3rd Earl Rivers and Lionel Woodville , Bishop of Salisbury . Her aunts included Elizabeth Woodville and Mary Woodville , married respectively to Edward IV of England and William Herbert , 2nd Earl of Pembroke .
Her first cousins included ( among others ) John Tuchet , 8th Baron Audley , Thomas Grey , 1st Marquess of Dorset , Richard Grey , Elizabeth of York , Mary of York , Cecily of York , Edward V of England , Margaret of York , Richard of Shrewsbury , 1st Duke of York , Anne of York , George Plantagenet , 1st Duke of Bedford , Catherine of York , Bridget of York and Elizabeth Herbert , 3rd Baroness Herbert .
Her father was executed for treason by order of Richard III of England on 2 November 1483 . She would remain in the care of her mother until her own marriage .
Elizabeth Stafford died before 11 May 1532 , and was buried in Boreham , Essex .
Marriage and issue
Elizabeth Stafford married , shortly after 23 July 1505 , Robert Radcliffe , later the 1st Earl of Sussex , by whom she had three sons :
Henry Radcliffe , 2nd Earl of Sussex ( 1507–1542 ) , father of Thomas Radcliffe , 3rd Earl of Sussex , a leading figure at the court of Queen Elizabeth .
Sir Humphrey Radcliffe ( c. 1508/9–13 August 1566 ) of Elstow , Bedfordshire , who married Isabel Harvey , daughter and heir of Edmund Harvey of Elstow and Margaret Wentworth , by whom he had two sons , Edward Radcliffe , 6th Earl of Sussex , and Thomas Radcliffe , and at least three daughters .
George Radcliffe , who married Catherine Marney , the daughter of John Marney , 2nd Baron Marney .
After Elizabeth Stafford 's death , Robert Radcliffe , 1st Earl of Sussex , married secondly , by 1 September 1532 , Margaret Stanley , the only daughter of Thomas Stanley , 2nd Earl of Derby , and Anne Hastings , the daughter of Edward Hastings , 2nd Baron Hastings , by whom he had two daughters , Jane , who married Anthony Browne , 1st Viscount Montague , and Anne , who married Thomas Wharton , 2nd Baron Wharton . Robert Radcliffe , 1st Earl of Sussex , married thirdly , on 14 January 1537 , Mary Arundell ( died 20 October 1557 ) , the only child of Sir John Arundell ( 1474 – 1545 ) of Lanherne , Cornwall , and his second wife , Katherine Grenvile , by whom he had two sons , a first-born son who died in infancy and whose name is unknown , and a younger son , Sir John Radcliffe ( 1539 – 9 November 1568 ) . Robert Radcliffe , 1st Earl of Sussex , died 27 November 1542 . His widow , Mary , subsequently married , in 1545 , as his second wife , Henry FitzAlan , Earl of Arundel ( died 24 February 1580 ) .
Ancestry
Footnotes
References
External links
Radcliffe , Sir Humphrey ( 1508/9-66 ) , of Elstow , Bedfordshire , and Beddington , Surrey
1470s births
1532 deaths
English countesses
Daughters of English dukes
16th-century English women
16th-century English nobility
15th-century English women
15th-century English people
Suluhan is a historical caravanserai ( han ) in Ankara , Turkey . It is also called the Hasanpaşa Han .
Geography
Suluhan is at in the urban fabric of Ankara . It is about southeast of Ulus Square and situated in Hacıdoğan , a busy neighbourhood known for its small shops and grocery stores .
History
Ottoman buildings usually have a vakfiye ( inscription ) of endowment . According to the vakfiye of Suluhan , the building was commissioned by Hasan Pasha , a regional beylerbey , and was constructed between 1508 and 1511 . According to other sources , it was commissioned by Mehmet Emin Bey , a Şeyhülislam , in 1685 . The later date may be the reconstruction date . In 1929 , the han was largely damaged as a result of fire . The remaining sections were used as a greengrocery marketplace . However , in 1984 , a reconstruction was carried out by the General Directorate of Foundations and the han now is mainly used for tourism and leisure , with cafés and souvenir shops .
Technical details
The building material is mostly rubble stone and partially facade stone . The roof is covered with domestic tiles . The two-storey han has two yards . The yard in the north is square-shaped , while the yard in the south is rhombic . The total area is more than . There are 102 rooms ( now shops ) which face the two yards . In each room there is a window , a niche and a chimney .
Köşk Mescit
Mescit means little mosque in Turkish . Köşk Mescit is in the middle of the northern yard and its gate faces north .
References
Buildings and structures in Ankara
Caravanserais in Turkey
Ottoman architecture
1511 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Buildings and structures completed in 1511
Ottoman caravanserais
Transmission Festival ( also known as Transmission ) is a large indoor trance music event originally based in Prague , Czech Republic at the O2 Arena . In March 2014 , the festival was held for the first time in Bratislava , Slovakia . Leaving Europe 's shores for the first time , in July 2016 the festival was held in Melbourne , Australia . In March 2017 the festival extended further by visiting Bangkok , Thailand and returned to Melbourne , Australia in September . In 2018 , the festival returned to Bangkok , Thailand , hosted two days at Germany 's AirBeat One Festival near Neustadt-Glewe , and debuted in Shanghai for its first edition in China . In March 2019 , the festival returned to Australia to Sydney Showground .
It is famous for its spectacular laser show . Markus Schulz frequently headlines the festival around the world .
Gallery
Editions
See also
List of electronic music festivals
Live electronic music
References
External links
Official Website
Facebook page
YouTube channel
Instagram
Twitter
Vimeo
Music festivals established in 2006
Electronic music festivals in Slovakia
Electronic music festivals in the Czech Republic
Electronic music festivals in Australia
Isostichopus fuscus , commonly known as the brown sea cucumber , is a species of sea cucumber in the family Stichopodidae native to the eastern Pacific . It was first described to science by German biologist Hubert Ludwig in 1875 .
It has a thick dermis without any spikes , making it an easily edible species and thus it is harvested for export to East Asia , where sea cucumber is popular in some cuisines . The fishery is typically conducted in an unsustainable manner , mostly in North and South America , which has caused the populations to decline . The brown sea cucumber is classified by the IUCN as Endangered .
Distribution and habitat
This species is found in the Pacific Coast of Mexico , including the Gulf of California , and down through Central America to South America as far as the northern coast of Peru , as well as in eastern Pacific islands , including the Galápagos . They are found in shallow waters , roughly 0 to 40 m deep in rocky reefs , although 3 to 29 m are a preferred range . Additionally , reefs with sandy patches seem to be a preferred substrate . Within these depths , I. fuscus has been found to predominate areas where high amounts of Ulva sp . are located . The species tends to be more active at night as during the daytime they are cryptic and being active would make them more visible to predators .
Feeding
Like other sea cucumber , I. fuscus is a deposit feeder , whose survival tends to increase with soft-substrates such as sand or clay . Recent studies suggest that a blend of seaweed species such as P. durvillaei and S. ecuadoreanum are an optimal diet , although they can survive off of other types of seaweed .
Morphology
The brown sea cucumber are quite small organisms , with average body length and weight being 23 cm and 386 g , respectively . The largest samples have been recorded reaching up to 40 cm and weighing 830 g , although weight varies seasonally according to reproduction and the maturity stage . The species grows allometrically , meaning that increases with body length are also associated with increases in weight . Isostichopus fuscus is dioecious . Gonads can only be determined and sexed under a microscope . There is no apparent sexual dimorphism among individuals , unless gonads are ripe . When gonads are ripe , males are a white color , while females gonads are orange . The brown sea cucumber has an elongated body and can be described as having a soft or gelatinous texture . Their general body shape is curved , similar to a half circle , and they have a dark brown coloration and are spotted with orange papillae . They have ambulacral extensions on their underside which are used to help with locomotion .
Typically , the brown sea cucumber is a brown color , as evident by its name . However , in 2013 , the first ever record of albinism was discovered in the brown sea cucumber . Two albino individuals were found : one in Loreto , Mexico and the other in the Los Angeles Bay .
Reproductive cycle
Sexual reproduction
Spawning occurs in Isostichopus fuscus from July to September , with post-spawning gonads occurring in October . Gametogenesis was documented between January and July , with oogenesis occurring approximately one month before spermatogenesis . Peaks in reproduction followed by drastic declines have characterized I. fuscus as an episodic spawner , in which water temperature is thought to play a large role as a reproductive indicator .
The reproductive cycle of the brown sea cucumber consists of five gonadal stages : under-determined , gametogenesis , maturity , spawning and post-spawning . The species moves through these 5 stages on an annual cycle . In the undetermined stage , gametes or gonads observed in the individuals , and therefore they are sexually viable . Any gonads that can be observed can not be accurately distinguished at this stage . Connective tissue in the lumen is present and the gonadal wall is thickened The following four stages are different among males and females .
In males , the gametogenesis stage is called spermatogenesis , and refers to when there is a build up of sperm in the gonads . During spermatogenesis , folds in the gonadal wall are present that the lumen . Additionally , Spherical spermatocytes accumulate at the periphery . The accumulation of spermatocytes causes a decrease in the thickness of the connective tissue . During the maturity , the follicles of the gonads are filled with multiple layers of mature sperm . The mature spermatozoa exhibit a rounded shape are slightly dorso-ventrally flattened . A thin layer of spermatocytes is present at the periphery . Spawning is when the individuals have mated , and therefore the follicles in the gonads are empty due to the sperm being released . Developing spermatocytes are still present at the periphery layer . a layer of connective tissue is present at the gonad wall The gonadal wall is observed to thicken , and folds are present inside of the wall . Spawning in brown sea cucumbers occurs throughout the summer months . Finally , in post spawning , large quantity of phagocytes is present both inside and outside of the follicles . Connective tissue is reabsorbed in the gonadal wall of the follicle , the gonads are engulfed by phagocytes , therefore ending a single reproductive cycle in males .
In females , the gametogenesis stage is called oogenesis , and is when the oocytes are young and in the process of developing . Oogonia are attached to the germinal epithelium in the lumen . The oocytes are arranged in a single layer , and have a defined nucleus and peripheral nucleoli . The connective tissue and folds in the gonad gradually reduce as oogenesis progresses . In the maturity stage , the oocytes are mature and have reached their maximum size . Oocytes are present in all tubules in the lumen , and their peripheral nuclei are distinguishable . Connective tissue is absent , and the gonadal wall is very thin ( 3 ) . Phagocytes surround the inside and outside of the lumen . During the spawning stage , there is a decrease in the number of oocytes and an absence of gametes due to spawning . A layer of connective tissue is present at the gonad wall The gonadal wall is observed to thicken , and folds are present inside of the wall . Any of the remaining oocytes are either in maturity or oogenesis Lastly , in post spawning , oocytes observed have significantly decreased in volume . Large amounts of connective tissue are present in the gonadal walls . Phagocytes are involved in reducing the number of gonads present , thus ending the reproductive cycle in females .
Hermaphroditic reproduction
Although rare , hermaphroditic samples have been collected . In these cases , the male and female follicles were in different gonadal stages , and some samples were in the spawning stages . In one case , both male and female follicles were in the spawning stages .
Asexual reproduction
The potential for asexual reproduction is possible . Like most echinoderms , I. fuscus has a unique regenerative ability . Induced transverse fission has been experimented in a lab setting . The results were successful , showing a high survival rate , and a complete regeneration of anterior and posterior body parts in a maximum of three months . The results suggest that asexual propagation could serve as a potential tool for restoring their population in the wild .
Development
The development of I. fuscus is separated into larval and juvenile phases . The larval phase begins after the organism hatches from its embryonic envelope , and undergo a series of transformations for approximately 22 days ; The juvenile stage is initiated afterwards .
Larval development
Embryos hatch from the fertilization envelope roughly 10 hours after fertilization . The gastrulae have an epidermal layer that is entirely ciliated and supports their movement . After approximately 24 hours , the gastrulae transform into an auricularia larva . Feeding begins upon the transition to this stage . After 19–24 days , the doliolaria stage is reached , where the larvae shrink to 50 percent of their size . 5 days later , the pentactula stage is reached , in which the organism goes through a settlement phase .
Juvenile development
Early settled juveniles are typically 1-1.5 mm in length . Over a 3-4 week period , they undergo rapid growth at an average rate of 0.5–1 mm/day . The juveniles begin to develop brown pigment when they reach a length of approximately 5 mm , and tentacles are visible at about 8mm . At approximately day 52 , papillae and an elongated intestine , which suggest peristaltic movements become present . The tegument thickness increase , and the epidermis transforms from a transparent to opaque appearance . At 2 cm in length , the coloration fades to a brown that is characteristic of an adult brown sea cucumber .
Fisheries and uses
The brown sea cucumber is a highly sought out commodity in many North and South American countries , including Mexico , Costa Rica and Ecuador . Sea cucumber fishing is also seen as the most important fishing activity in the Galápagos Islands . As it is such a common item in the fisheries of these countries , overfishing and overexploitation of the brown sea cucumber is a vast problem . Due to the endangered state of the brown sea cucumber , the Galápagos Marine Reserve and all major stakeholders took it upon themselves to monitor its population in the Galápagos twice a year between 1999 and 2003 in order to determine the impact of the fisheries and any possible solutions for it . The lowest total density of the population was seen following the 2003 fishing season , and due to this ultimate low , the recovery of the brown sea cucumber population is seen as unlikely due to both the legal and illegal fishing of them .
Sea cucumbers are typically used in traditional Chinese medicines as well as in many Asian and South American cuisines . Like most other holothurians , the brown sea cucumber is a very nutritional food source . It is high in protein , low in fat and contains many amino acids necessary for keeping us healthy . It is often combined with other ingredients in soups and stews and more recently , dried sea cucumber is made into tablets and has been marketed as a nutritional supplement .
Due to the unsustainable fisheries pertaining to this species as well as its high demand in many Asian and South American cuisines , it has ultimately caused a decline in not just Isostichopus fuscus , but many holothurian populations .
References
External links
Stichopodidae
Animals described in 1875
Erigeron pallens is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name pale fleabane . It is native to the Rocky Mountains of western Canada ( Alberta + British Columbia ) . There are some reports of the species in arctic regions but these populations have been reclassified under other species .
Erigeron pallens is a tiny , unbranching perennial herb rarely more than 10 centimeters ( 4 inches ) tall , producing a woody taproot . The leaves are covered with wool . The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem , each head with 50–60 white , pink , or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets . The plant grows on rocky slopes in sparsely vegetated slopes .
References
pallens
Plants described in 1947
Flora of Western Canada
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Darrel Damoo ( born 22 September 1989 ) is a Seychellois football striker who plays for The Lions FC . He was a squad member for the 2019 COSAFA Cup and the 2019 Indian Ocean Island Games .
References
1989 births
Living people
Seychellois footballers
Northern Dynamo FC players
The Lions FC players
Seychelles international footballers
Association football forwards
Sakshyam is a 1995 successful Malayalam-language Indian film , directed by Mohan . The movie is actress Manju Warrier 's debut film . The film was produced by K. R. Balakrishnan and Rajan Manakkalathu .
Plot
Brigadier Rajashekaran Nambiar is an officer in the Indian Army . Neighbor Dr . Sunny is an army doctor . The movie starts with a flashback of Nambiar receiving a call from the hospital , alerting him that his wife Susanna 's health is deteriorating . Upon receiving this news , he goes to the convent to find his daughter , Smitha . He takes her on a trip to see her mother . On the journey , he recalls forgotten memories of Susanna .
One of these memories is of how he and Susanna met . Rajashekeran was a flirt , an alcoholic and an excessive smoker . When Susanna rejects his attempt at flirting , he becomes determined to get her . He gets his friend , Dr . Sunny , to sway Susanna into liking him . Raj and Susanna eventually get married .
Rajashekharan is from a royal family which disapprove of her . As time passes , tensions relax between Raj 's family and Susanna . Meanwhile , the relations between the couple are tense . After a year of marriage , the couple do not have a child . This is a source of gossip for Raj 's family . Raj drinks and becomes depressed over his childlessness . One day while drunk he tells Susanna he does n't want to live with her anymore . Susanna leaves .
Raj 's mother dies suddenly . A family member tells Raj that his mother asked for Susanna before her death . Hearing this , Raj is moved to reunite with Susanna .
Raj throws a farewell party for Dr . Sunny , who has been promoted to Hyderabad . During this party , Raj announces that his wife is pregnant . The story skips to years later at a resort where Raj , his daughter , and Susanna are on holiday . They run into Dr . Sunny , who is now rich and married and has a daughter . Raj later receives a phone call saying that Dr . Sunny was the only survivor in an accident with his family . Dr . Sunny becomes an alcoholic and loses his medical license after he gives a patient the wrong medicine . Raj invites Sunny to live with him . One day , Susana calls Raj telling him to send Dr . Sunny away because he is an alcoholic and dangerous .
Another day , Raj gets a call from the police who inform him that Dr . Sunny is dead , and Susanna is the killer . Susanna is jailed and refuses to explain . Years pass , and Raj gets a call that Susanna is on her deathbed . When Rajashekeran and his daughter arrive , Susanna gives him her diary to read only when he returns to his house .
The diary reveals that Dr . Sunny and Susanna had had a relationship prior to her marriage . Due to Dr . Sunny 's financial difficulties , they ended the relationship and Dr . Sunny later encourages Susanna to marry Raj . When Raj wanted a divorce , Susanna tried to commit suicide , but was stopped by Dr . Sunny . The two had an affair . Just when Dr . Sunny was about to call Raj and tell him of his love for Susanna , Raj reunited with her . Her diary also reveals that when Dr . Sunny 's wife and daughter died , Dr . Sunny came back mainly to steal away Susanna 's child , whom Susanna never liked . Dr . Sunny threatened to leave the child and take Susanna away with him . Susanna pointed a gun at Dr . Sunny , who tells her to kill him . He closes his hand over hers and forces her hand , killing himself . Susanna could have told the true story , but felt she deserved the punishment for her infidelity .
After finishing the diary , Rajashekeran rushes back to Susanna who dies in front of him . The film ends with Rajashekeran and Smitha crying .
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Military Doctor Sunny
Murali as Col.Rajasekharan Nambiar
Gautami as Susanna
Manju Warrier as Smitha ( voice-over by Sreeja )
Annie as Daisy Sunny
Innocent as Chittappan
Venu Nagavalli as Military Dr. Narendran
Kunchan as Paulose
Geetha Vijayan as Mariamma
Nedumudi Venu as Dominic Fernandes
T. P. Madhavan
Kundara Johnny as Major
References
External links
1995 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Mohan
Savitri Bai Phule ( born 1 January 1981 ) is an Indian politician and president of the Kanshiram Bahujan Samaj Party ( KBSP ) . She was elected to the state assembly in 2012 from Balha in Bahraich district as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party . She contested 2014 Lok Sabha election from Bahraich and became member of 16th Lok Sabha .
On 7 September 2015 , Phule filed a complaint against an official from the Dilip Buildcon company over casteist remarks and threatening her with dire consequences .
Personal life
Savitribai was born on 1 January 1981 in a Buddhist family at Nanpara in Bahraich district , Uttar Pradesh . She studied at Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University . She is influenced by Babasaheb Ambedkar and Gautama Buddha . She follows Buddhism and wears saffron cloths as a symbol of Buddhism .
Political career
She was elected to the state assembly in 2012 from Balha in Bahraich district as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party . She contested 2014 Lok Sabha election from Bahraich and became member of 16th Lok Sabha .
She quit BJP on 6 December 2018 stating `` Party Trying To Divide Society '' , Her action comes after the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath 's comment on Hanuman 's caste and joined Indian National Congress on 2 March 2019 .
She contested 2019 general elections from Bahraich parliamentary constituency as an Indian National Congress candidate . She got 34454 votes and lost the seat to Akshaibar Lal of Bhartiya Janta Party .
In January 2020 , Phule founded Kanshiram Bahujan Samaj Party ( KBSP ) .
References
Living people
India MPs 2014–2019
Members of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
People from Bahraich district
Lok Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
Women in Uttar Pradesh politics
20th-century Buddhists
21st-century Buddhists
Ambedkarites
Indian Buddhists
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttar Pradesh
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
1981 births
Federal Science and Technical College , Usi-Ekiti is a technical secondary college in north Ekiti , Nigeria .
The secondary school was established in 2002 by the federal government of Nigeria and is the youngest unity school in South West Nigeria .
Notes
2002 establishments in Nigeria
Secondary schools in Nigeria
Educational institutions established in 2002
Government schools in Nigeria
External links
school website
Flond is a village in the municipality of Mundaun in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . In 2009 Flond merged with Surcuolm to form the municipality of Mundaun .
History
Flond is first mentioned in 1519 as Flant or Flond .
Geography
Flond has an area , , of . Of this area , 40.7 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 51.7 % is forested . The rest of the land , ( 7.7 % ) is settled .
The village is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . It is on the Obersaxen high plateau south of the Vorderrhein river .
Demographics
Flond has a population ( ) of 201 , of which 7.5 % are foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 20.3 % .
, the gender distribution of the population was 55.1 % male and 44.9 % female . The age distribution , , in Flond is ; 27 children or 15.1 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 25 teenagers or 14.0 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 13 people or 7.3 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 34 people or 19.0 % are between 30 and 39 , 17 people or 9.5 % are between 40 and 49 , and 22 people or 12.3 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 17 people or 9.5 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 19 people or 10.6 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 5 people or 2.8 % who are between 80 and 89 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 43.3 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SP ( 22.7 % ) , the CVP ( 21.2 % ) and the FDP ( 12.9 % ) .
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated . In Flond about 76.2 % of the population ( between age 25–64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either University or a Fachhochschule ) .
Flond has an unemployment rate of 0.53 % . , there were 14 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector . 16 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector . 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 5 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Languages
Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 50.8 % ) , with German being second most common ( 46.9 % ) and Danish being third ( 1.7 % ) . In the 19th century , the municipality was still monolingual ( 1880 : 96.4 % ) . This preponderance of Romansch remained strong through the first half of the 20th century ( 1941 : 90.5 % ) , but it has slipped in the second half of the century .
In 1990 , there were also 12 persons ( 8.33 % ) that listed Portuguese as their native language .
References
External links
Official Web site
Obersaxen Mundaun
Former municipalities of Graubünden
The 1964 United States Senate special election in Tennessee was held on November 3 , 1964 , concurrently with the U.S. presidential election as well the other regularly scheduled U.S. Senate election for the seat which was held by Albert Gore Sr. As well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections . Following the death of Senator Estes Kefauver , Governor Frank G. Clement appointed Herbert S. Walters to fill the vacancy until the special election could take place .
Democrat Ross Bass won the election , he defeated Republican Howard Baker .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Ross Bass , U.S. Representative
Frank G. Clement , Governor of Tennessee
M. M. Bullard
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Howard Baker
Charlie Moffett
Hubert David Patty
Results
Results
See also
1964 United States Senate elections
References
1964
Tennessee
United States Senate
Tennessee 1964
Tennessee 1964
United States Senate 1964
The Japanese submarine I-28 was one of 20 Type B cruiser submarines of the B1 sub-class built for the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during the 1940s .
Design and description
The Type B submarines were derived from the earlier KD6 sub-class of the and were equipped with an aircraft to enhance their scouting ability . They displaced surfaced and submerged . The submarines were long , had a beam of and a draft of . They had a diving depth of .
For surface running , the boats were powered by two diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor . They could reach on the surface and underwater . On the surface , the B1s had a range of at ; submerged , they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal bow torpedo tubes and carried a total of 17 torpedoes . They were also armed with a single /40 deck guns and two single mounts for Type 96 anti-aircraft guns . In the Type Bs , the aircraft hangar was faired into the base of the conning tower . A single catapult was positioned on the forward deck .
Construction and career
I-28 was commissioned at Kobe , Japan on February 6 , 1942 . The submarine participated in the Battle of the Coral Sea in May 1942 . Returning to base at Truk in the central Pacific , I-28 was torpedoed and sunk with all hands ( 88 officers and men ) by the United States Navy submarine at on 17 May 1942 .
Notes
References
Type B1 submarines
Ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
1940 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Ships sunk by American submarines
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in May 1942
Submarines sunk by submarines
Ballard FC is an American soccer club based in Seattle , Washington , competing in the Northwest Division of USL League Two . They began play in the 2022 season .
The club was founded in 2021 and is owned by former Seattle Sounders FC player Lamar Neagle , Chris Kaimmer , and Sam Zisette . It is based in the Ballard neighborhood and plays home matches at the Interbay Soccer Field , a 1,000-seat stadium in Interbay . The club 's largest supporters ' group is The Bridge Keepers .
Ballard FC made their league debut on May 21 , 2022 , defeating Lane United FC 6–1 in front of 1,200 spectators .
Players and staff
Technical staff
Current Roster
Year-by-year
References
USL League Two teams
2021 establishments in Washington ( state )
Ballard , Seattle
Association football clubs established in 2021
Soccer clubs in Seattle
Cliff Joslyn ( born 1963 ) is an American cognitive scientist , cybernetician , and currently Chief Knowledge Scientist and Team Lead for Mathematics of Data Science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Seattle , Washington , USA .
Biography
Cliff Joslyn studied at Oberlin College and received a BA in Cognitive Science and Mathematics , with High Honors in Cybernetics , in 1985 . In 1987 he continued at the State University of New York at Binghamtonm studying under George Klir . In 1989 he received an MS , and in 1994 received a PhD , both in Systems Science , including the thesis `` Possibilistic Processes for Complex Systems Modeling '' .
From 1994 to 1996 he was an NRC Research Associate at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center . From 1996 to 2007 he was team leader at Los Alamos National Laboratory , where he led the Knowledge and Information Systems Science research team in the Modeling , Algorithms and Informatics ( CCS-3 ) Group of the Computer , Computational , and Statistical Sciences Division . Since 2007 he is Chief Scientist for Knowledge Sciences at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Seattle , Washington .
Joslyn is on the editorial boards of the `` International Journal of General Systems '' and `` Biosemiotics '' .
In 1991 Joslyn was awarded the Sir Geoffrey Vickers ' Award for Best Student Paper from the International Society for the Systems Sciences . In 1997 he received the Distinguished Performance Award : A Large Team Award for IRS Fraud Detection Projects , Los Alamos National Laboratory .
Work
Joslyn 's research interests extend from `` order theoretical approaches to knowledge discovery and database analysis to include computational semiotics , qualitative modeling , and generalized information theory , with applications in computational biology , infrastructure protection , homeland defense , intelligence analysis , and defense transformation '' .
Principia Cybernetica
Principia Cybernetica is an international organization in the field of cybernetics and systems science focused on the collaborative development of a `` computer-supported evolutionary-systemic philosophy in the context of the transdisciplinary academic fields of Systems Science and Cybernetics '' .
The organisation was initiated in 1989 by Joslyn , Valentin Turchin of the City College of New York , and Francis Heylighen from the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Belgium . These three scientists managed the project and worked together in an editorial board , which manages the collection , selection and development of the material , and the implementation of the computer system .
Knowledge and Information Systems Science
At Los Alamos Joslyn and his Knowledge and Information Systems Science team performed scientific research in `` computational methods for the extraction , representation , organization , synthesis , discovery , and retrieval of knowledge in databases and information systems . They especially emphasize methods for representing semantic information , and hybrid methodologies combining statistical , numerical , and quantitative with symbolic , logical , and qualitative techniques '' .
A primary application area is computational biology , and thus they had a close working relationship with the Computational Biology and Bioinformatics team . Other application areas include homeland defense , critical infrastructure protection , intelligence analysis , decision support environments , risk and reliability analysis , and defense transformation .
Publications
Joslyn has published numerous papers , articles and book chapters . A selection :
1994 . Possibilistic Processes for Complex Systems Modeling . PhD Dissertation , SUNY-Binghamton , Systems Science .
1995 . The Quantum of Evolution : Towards a Theory of Meta-System Transitions . With Francis Heylighen , and Valentin Turchin eds . Gordon and Breach .
See also
Collective intelligence
Meta-system
References
External links
Cliff Joslyn personal page .
Cliff Joslyn on Google Scholar .
Cliff Joslyn at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory .
About Cliff Joslyn on Principia Cybernetica Web
1963 births
Cyberneticists
Living people
American systems scientists
Complex systems scientists
Hermann Föttinger ( 9 February 1877 in Nuremberg – 28 April 1945 in Berlin ) was a German engineer and inventor . In the course of his life he submitted over 100 patent applications , but he is most notable for inventing fluid coupling .
Career
From 1895 to 1899 Hermann Föttinger studied electrical engineering at the Technical University of Munich .
AG Vulcan Stettin
From 1904 he worked as a chief designer in the shipyard AG Vulcan Stettin . He was responsible for the introduction and testing of new steam turbines . During this time he developed the fluid coupling consisting of a pump and a turbine in a unit that in further development resulted in the automatic automobile transmission .
Technische Hochschule in Danzig
In 1909 he obtained a position at the Technische Hochschule in Danzig where he started the institute for fluid dynamics technology .
Technical University of Berlin
In 1924 he took up a position as head of the current department of physics and turbines at the Technical University of Berlin . Here he remained until his death from grenade fragments in April 1945 .
Achievements
Fluid dynamics
Föttinger laid the basis of the fluid dynamics from Euler over Rankine and Hermann von Helmholtz to its current uses in the boundary layer of airplane wings and propulsion theory .
Railcars
Together with Franz Kruckenberg he started the Flugbahn-Gesellschaft mbH to develop the Schienenzeppelins ( railroad cars ) .
Internal combustion engines
Föttinger 's patents for internal combustion engines include :
US1636050 , Device for damping the oscillations of multiple crank shafts
US2244453 , Scavenging of two-stroke cycle internal combustion engines
Literature
Hans Jürgen Reuß : ' 'Hermann Föttinger ' ' . In : Journal ( 2008 ) internationally maritime HANSA , 6 , S. 58-59 . Hamburg : Navigation publishing house `` Hansa '' C. Schroedter & Co. ( Gmbh & Co. KG ) ,2008 .
References
External links
http : //www.hfi.tu-berlin.de/Foettinger/Projekte/SVT137155/svt137155.pdf description of SVT 137 155
detailed representation Föttingers life and creating the institute for current mechanics and technical acoustics of the TU Berlin , ehem . Hermann-Föttinger-institute for current mechanics
in/volltexte/2008/2012/html/festschrift/foettinger.htm biography in the commemorative volume ' '125 years University of Berlin ' technical '
1877 births
1945 deaths
20th-century German inventors
German electrical engineers
Fluid dynamicists
Technical University of Munich alumni
Gdańsk University of Technology faculty
Engineers from Nuremberg
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
German civilians killed in World War II
Deaths by hand grenade
The 2021 World Youth Table Tennis Championships were held in Vila Nova de Gaia , Portugal , from 2 to 8 December 2021 . It was the first edition of the event , which replaced the World Junior Championships in the ITTF calendar .
Medal summary
Events
Under-19
Under-15
Medal table
See also
2021 World Table Tennis Championships
References
World Junior Table Tennis Championships
Youth World Championships
World Youth Table Tennis Championships
Table Tennis
Table tennis competitions in Portugal
International sports competitions hosted by Portugal
World Youth Table Tennis Championships
Sergey Lomanov may refer to :
Sergey Lomanov , Sr. ( born 1957 ) , Russian bandy player
Sergey Lomanov , Jr. ( born 1980 ) , Russian bandy player
Michael English ( born 2 May 1995 ) is a Scottish cricketer . In June 2019 , he was selected to represent Scotland A in their tour to Ireland to play the Ireland Wolves . He made his List A debut for Scotland A against the Ireland Wolves on 5 June 2019 . Prior to his List A debut , he was named in Scotland 's squad for the 2014 Under-19 Cricket World Cup .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Scottish cricketers
Bedfordshire cricketers
Sportspeople from Paisley , Renfrewshire
Mayfield Falls is a waterfall in Jamaica that comprises twenty one widely spaced small cascades on the Mayfield River , a tributary of the Cabarita River . Mayfield Falls is in Glenbrook Westmoreland Jamaica .
The tallest cascade is the upper most of the twenty one ; called `` The Washing Machine '' it is about tall and large enough for a person to enter .
References
Waterfalls of Jamaica
Geography of Westmoreland Parish
Tourist attractions in Westmoreland Parish
Isaac Hamilton Taylor ( April 18 , 1840 – December 18 , 1936 ) was a lawyer , judge , and single-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1885 to 1887 .
Biography
Taylor was born near New Harrisburg ( later Hibbetts ) , Carroll County , Ohio . He was the son of James and Mary Ann ( Highland ) Taylor . Taylor attended the common schools and completed an academic course . He then studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1867 , subsequently commencing practice in Carrollton , Ohio . He served as the clerk of courts in Carroll County , Ohio from 1870 to 1877 .
Taylor was elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth Congress ( March 4 , 1885 – March 3 , 1887 ) . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1886 .
He then moved to Canton , Ohio , and resumed the practice of law . Taylor served as a delegate to the 1892 Republican National Convention . He was the judge of the Court of Common Pleas from 1889 to 1901 , when he resigned . He engaged in the practice of his profession in Canton until 1922 .
Taylor died at Congress Lake , near Hartville , Ohio , December 18 , 1936 , and was interred in West Lawn Cemetery in Canton .
Taylor was married November 1 , 1860 to Sarah J . Elder . They had three children .
References
External links
1840 births
1936 deaths
People from Carroll County , Ohio
Politicians from Canton , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at West Lawn Cemetery
Lawyers from Canton , Ohio
People from Carrollton , Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Uptown Residential Historic District , in Lumpkin , Georgia , is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
It includes several blocks of wood-framed residences and two churches along Main Street , Broad Street , Cherry Street and Chestnut Street in Lumpkin , with a few properties on Florence Street and Pine Street . The majority of the houses are one-story , but there are five two-story ones .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia ( U.S. state )
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County , Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Victorian architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Meizu Technology Co. , Ltd. ( ) is a Chinese consumer electronics manufacturer based in Zhuhai , Guangdong . Founded in 2003 by Jack Wong , Meizu began as a manufacturer of MP3 players and later MP4 players . In 2008 , Meizu moved its focus to smartphones . Meizu is the 11th largest smartphone manufacturer in the world , and sold over 20 million units in 2015 . In February 2015 , Alibaba invested US $ 590 million in Meizu , acquiring an undisclosed minority stake .
History
Jack Wong ( ) established Meizu in 2003 . Initially a manufacturer of MP3 players , Meizu released their first MP4 player in 2006 . Their most notable MP4 player was the M6 Mini Player , which was also marketed by Dane-Elec outside China .
In January 2007 , Meizu announced their first smartphone , Meizu M8 , which was fully released in April 2007 . The Meizu M8 ran on the Mymobile operating system , based on Microsoft Windows CE 6.0 . The design of the M8 was based on existing smartphone technology , such as Apple 's iPhone . Meizu was subsequently sued by Apple due to theft of Apple 's intellectual property of the original iPhone . An upgraded version of the Meizu M8 , the Meizu M8SE , was released on October 2 , 2009 .
On January 1 , 2011 , the company released the Meizu M9 , their first smartphone based on the Android operating system . This device was considered to be a large commercial success in China .
Meizu opened their first branch office outside mainland China in Hong Kong in 2011 . Later that year , they also opened a branch office in Russia .
The Meizu MX was released on January 1 , 2012 , exactly one year after the M9 . It was the first smartphone to feature Meizu 's Flyme OS , a deeply customized version of Android . It was the first Meizu phone officially released outside mainland China , being released in Hong Kong at the same time . A quad-core version of the Meizu MX was released in June 2012 .
In December 2012 , the Meizu MX2 was released . It runs on Flyme OS 2.0 based on Android 4.1 Jelly Bean . The phone was produced by Foxconn and went on sale in mainland China , Hong Kong , Russia and Israel .
The Meizu MX3 was released in October 2013 and was the first smartphone to have 128GB of internal storage . On March 6 , 2014 , Meizu held a product launch of the Meizu MX3 in France , announcing that it would go on sale there soon . Meizu also expanded to Italy and Eastern Europe in 2014 .
Meizu announced the Meizu MX4 on September 2 , 2014 . It was the first Meizu smartphone to feature a MediaTek processor and LTE support . The Meizu MX4 was the first Meizu smartphone to also offer Alibaba 's Yun OS aside from Meizu 's Flyme OS for the Chinese mainland market . Later that year , the Meizu MX4 Pro was announced , featuring a Samsung Exynos octa-core processor and a 2K+ screen .
In December 2014 , Meizu announced the M series of products , with the first product being the Meizu M1 Note . The M-series of Meizu devices focus on bringing powerful features for a relatively low price . In January 2015 , Meizu released the second installment in the M series of products , the Meizu M1 .
On June 2 , 2015 , Meizu announced the successor to the Meizu M1 Note , the Meizu M2 Note . It features a physical home button and a new MediaTek octa-core processor , among some other upgraded features . After the Meizu M2 Note , is announced the Meizu M2 . It features the same physical home button , and a MediaTek 6753 Octa-Core processor . It comes with Flyme OS 4.5 preinstalled .
The successor to the Meizu MX4 was announced on June 30 , 2015 , during a large launch event in Beijing and is called the Meizu MX5 . During that event , Meizu also announced their first powerbank and virtual reality headset .
Meizu launched the new flagship series named PRO series in September 2015 by announcing the Meizu PRO 5 . This device was also later showcased at MWC 2016 and eventually commercially released in February 2016 as an alternative edition named Meizu PRO 5 Ubuntu Edition running the Ubuntu Touch operating system .
The Meizu PRO 6 , the successor to the PRO 5 , was unveiled on April 13 , 2016 . It features a 10-core Helio X25 SoC , 4 GB of RAM and a 5.2-inch screen .
Meizu further extended its portfolio of M series products by releasing the Meizu M3S , Meizu M3 Note , Meizu M3E and Meizu M3 Max in 2016 . The current device of the MX series is the Meizu MX6 , which was released on July 19 , 2016 .
Recently , Meizu seems to be geared up for a new smartphone called Meizu M4 . Although the company has not put a word about this mobile , the alleged upcoming smartphone has been spotted on TENNA certification .
On April 22 , 2018 , Meizu released Meizu 15 series to celebrate their 15th anniversary .
In April 2019 , the Meizu 16s was announced with snapdragon 855 SoC and in-display fingerprint scanner .
On 8 May 2020 , Meizu released Meizu 17 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 mobile platform , supplemented by the highest LPDDR5 specification high-speed memory as well as UFS3.1 flash memory .
On 8 July 2020 Meizu changed its theme color from # 00b3ff ( 0 , 180 , 255 ) to # 008cff ( 0 , 140 , 255 ) .
On 3 July 2022 , a majority stake in Meizu was acquired by Chinese automotive corporation Geely .
Flyme
Flyme is a stock and aftermarket firmware developed by Meizu for smartphones based on the Android operating system . Some of its key features are completely redesigned apps , one-handed usability and performance optimizations . The current version of Flyme features distinguished flat design , various optimizations for performance . Flyme also has a feature called mBack , which is specific for Meizu smartphones . It allows easier navigation using only one physical button without on-screen navigation buttons . The back button function is implemented by tapping the physical button , while the home button function is used by pressing the physical button . The overview of recent application , which is on regular Android devices usually triggered by touching or tapping a dedicated button , can be viewed by swiping upwards from beneath the display .
The initial version , Flyme 1.0 based on Android 4.0.3 `` Ice Cream Sandwich '' was released for the Meizu MX on June 12 , 2012 , and later for the Meizu M9 . It was praised by critics for its simple yet beautiful interface design .
Flyme 2.0 was released later in 2012 together with the Meizu MX2 . It brought improved cloud services and built-in root support , among other improvements .
Flyme 3.0 was released together with the Meizu MX3 and later for the Meizu MX2 . It was one of the first Android firmware releases to integrate a flat UI . Since Flyme 3.0 , Dirac HD Sound is integrated , bringing an improved audio experience through a certain number of ear and headphones .
The successor of Flyme 3.0 , Flyme 4.0 was released in 2014 , initially for the Meizu MX4 . It was the first Flyme firmware to be made available on non-Meizu devices . Eventually , it was officially released for devices from Samsung , Sony , LG and HTC . Fans also ported it to other devices , including Zte , Huawei and the OnePlus One . The Flyme 4.5 is based on Android Lollipop and comes standard with the Meizu m2 , Meizu m2 note and Meizu MX5 . It was also made available for the Meizu MX4 , Meizu MX4 Pro and Meizu m1 note .
Flyme 5 is based on either Android Lollipop or Android Marshmallow depending on the device . For Meizu devices , Flyme uses different editions for international devices ( `` G '' release ) and mainland Chinese devices ( `` A '' release ) .
Flyme 6.1.3 based on Android Nougat , which is now available only for Meizu Pro 7 . Flyme 6.1.0 is the most popular Flyme 6 version available for Meizu Pro 6 Plus , M3 Max , MX6 and other devices .
Flyme 7 , based on Android Nougat and later , launched alongside the Meizu 15 series .
The latest version of Flyme is Flyme 8 , launched alongside the Meizu 16s Pro on 28 August 2019 , based on Android Pie .
Flyme has also been ported by the community to other devices as well : Zte , Huawei , OnePlus 2 , OnePlus 3 , HTC One M9 , HTC One M8 , HTC M7 and other devices .
Meizu India
Meizu entered Indian Market for the first time with its Meizu M1 Note smartphone on 20 May 2015 , and after the success of M1 note they come up with Meizu M2 and Meizu M2 note in India in June 2015 . These were the budget range smartphones , where Meizu M2 released for ₹6,999 and Meizu M2 note for ₹9,999 .
Meizu released many other models such as Meizu M3 note , Meizu MX4 , Meizu MX5 , Meizu U10 , Meizu U20 , and many others . Meizu was having online marketing where they Partnered with Amazon and Flipkart . Among these many products , Meizu M2 , Meizu M2 note , and Meizu m3 note was the biggest hit . After the lack of sales they quit Indian Market by releasing their last smartphone Meizu Pro 7 .
During this market period , Meizu was having an official dedicated Flyme OS firmware for India .
After a long time Meizu Re-Launched in India with total 3 smartphones , 2 were budget range smartphones and 1 was premium Flagship phone . The budget phones were Meizu C9 and Meizu M6T , the Premium one was Meizu 16th .
This time Meizu started selling both online and off-line .
Products
Smartphones
pre-MX series
Meizu M8
Meizu M9
MX series
The MX series is a series of smartphones targeted for users wanting a device positioned between the general mid-range devices and top-of-the-line flagship devices .
Meizu MX
Meizu MX2
Meizu MX3
Meizu MX4
Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition
Meizu MX4 Pro
Meizu MX5
Meizu MX6
PRO series
The PRO series was introduced at the launch of the Meizu PRO 5 as a successor to the Meizu MX4 Pro . It represents Meizu 's line of flagship devices for users seeking powerful devices with high performance .
Meizu PRO 5
Meizu PRO 5 Ubuntu Edition
Meizu PRO 6
Meizu PRO 6s
Meizu PRO 6 Plus
Meizu PRO 7
Meizu PRO 7 Plus
M series
The M series is a series of smartphones targeted for users wanting an affordable and functional smartphone .
Meizu M1
Meizu M1 Note
Meizu M2
Meizu M2 Note
Meizu M3
Meizu M3E
Meizu M3s
Meizu M3 Max
Meizu M3 Note
Meizu M5
Meizu M5c ( A5 )
Meizu M5s
Meizu M5 Note
Meizu M6
Meizu M6s
Meizu M6T
Meizu M6 Note
Meizu M8c
Meizu M10
U series
Meizu U10
Meizu U20
V series
Meizu V8 ( M8 Lite )
Meizu V8 Pro ( M8 )
Note series
Meizu Note 8
Meizu Note 9
15 series
Meizu 15 Lite ( M15 )
Meizu 15
Meizu 15 Plus
16 series
Meizu 16th
Meizu 16th Plus
Meizu 16X
Meizu 16s
Meizu 16Xs
Meizu 16s Pro
Meizu 16T
17 series
Meizu 17
Meizu 17 Pro
18 series
Meizu 18
Meizu 18 Pro
Meizu 18x
Meizu 18s
Meizu 18s Pro
Other
Meizu X8
Meizu C9
Meizu C9 Pro
Meizu Watch
Meizu Watch
MP3 players
MP3 players devices :
Meizu E2
Meizu E5
Meizu E3
Meizu E3C
Meizu ME V6
Meizu ME V6S
Meizu ME V7
Meizu MI V6
Meizu MI V6S
Meizu MI V7
Meizu M3
Meizu M6 TS
Meizu M6 TP
Meizu M6 SP
Meizu M6 SL
Meizu X2
Meizu X3
Meizu X6
References
External links
Meizu Simplified Chinese
Meizu Traditional Chinese
Meizu English
Meizu Russian
Meizu Turkish
Meizu India
Audio equipment manufacturers of China
Mobile phone companies of China
Mobile phone manufacturers
Portable audio player manufacturers
Companies based in Zhuhai
Electronics companies established in 2003
Chinese companies established in 2003
Consumer electronics brands
Privately held companies of China
Chinese brands
Paul Gervais ( 1816–1879 ) was a French palaeontologist and entomologist .
Paul Gervais may also refer to :
Paul Gervais ( painter ) ( 1859–1944 ) , French painter
Paul Gervais ( writer ) ( born 1946 ) , American novelist and garden-designer
Paul Mullins Gervais ( 1925–1997 ) , Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons
La danse ( also known as Bacchante ) is an oil painting created circa 1906 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger ( 1883–1956 ) . Bacchante is a pre-Cubist or Proto-Cubist work executed in a highly personal Divisionist style during the height of the Fauve period . Bacchante was painted in Paris at a time when Metzinger and Robert Delaunay painted portraits of one another , exhibiting together at the Salon d'Automne and the Berthe Weill gallery . Bacchante was exhibited in Paris during the spring of 1907 at the Salon des Indépendants ( No . 3460 ) , along with Coucher de soleil and four other works by Metzinger .
The painting was purchased by the art historian and collector Wilhelm Uhde and formed part of his collection until it was sequestered by the French government just before World War I . By 30 May 1921 Bacchante was owned by the French painter André Lhote . The painting appeared at the auction house Hôtel Drouot where it was presumably purchased by Kröller-Müller , and published in Catalogue of the paintings in the collection of Helene Kröller-Müller . The painting forms part of the permanent collection of the Kröller-Müller Museum .
Description
La danse ( Bacchante ) is an oil painting on canvas with dimensions . The work represents a nude woman in a composition that contains a wide variety of exotic geometrized elements . Metzinger 's bold use of color characteristic of his work between 1904 and 1907 is highly noticeable in Bacchante . His brushstrokes are practically all the same size but their directions and colors vary giving rhythm to the overall work . The depth of field is flattened ; the foreground blending in with background components . The subject matter is classical—reminiscent of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres ( an artist Metzinger greatly admired ) —yet its treatment is everything but classical .
This early work in the Divisionist style represents a Bacchante ( or maenads ) . In Greek mythology , maenads were the female followers of Dionysus ( Bacchus in the Roman pantheon ) , the most significant members of the Thiasus . Their name literally translates as `` raving ones '' . Often the maenads were portrayed as inspired by Dionysus ( also known as Bacchus ) into a state of ecstatic frenzy , through a combination of dancing and drunken intoxication . In this state they would lose all self-control , begin shouting excitedly , and engage in uncontrolled sexual behavior . Many artists chose this subject over the centuries , probably due to these dramatic characteristics .
Her body is depicted nude , seen from the front , with yellow and white highlights and turquoise reflections , the mythological reference serving as pretext for the nude . She is the primary subject of the work and is framed in an exotic setting that accentuates the arching curve of her back . She has a `` deep voluptuousness , '' as in the works of Ingres ( to use the term of Baudelaire ) , yet her timeless immobility makes her somehow chaste . The scene is seemingly calm and luxurious simultaneously .
Metzinger 's early quest for a 'total image ' explains the lack of illusory depth , the profuse light , and the refusal to depict a marked difference between the foreground , background and the woman 's frame . Metzinger added a conspicuously tropical setting presumably under the influence of Paul Gauguin 's Mahana no atua , Day of the Gods ( 1894 ) or Henri ( lLe Douanier ) Rousseau 's Le Rêve ( two more painters the artist greatly admired ) . Bacchante is already typical of Metzinger 's style , with its sumptuous textures , sinuous harmony of line ( for example the arching trees and foliage ) , and depiction of the serene attitude and chaste sensuality of the Bacchante 's body—all enlisted in Metzinger 's quest for absolute perfection .
History
In 1903 Jean Metzinger arrived in Paris ( Montmartre ) where he would reside until 1912 . At this time he exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants and shortly after at the gallery of Berthe Weill , with Raoul Dufy ( 1903-1904 ) , with Robert Delaunay ( early 1907 ) , with Marie Laurencin ( 1908 ) and later with André Derain , Georges Rouault , Kees van Dongen ( 1910 ) . At Weill 's gallery he met Max Jacob ( 1907 ) , who introduced him to Pablo Picasso Juan Gris , and Guillaume Krotowsky , who already signed his works Guillaume Apollinaire . In 1908 Metzinger participated in a group exhibition at Wilhelm Uhde 's gallery on rue Notre-Dame-des-Champs with Georges Braque , Sonia Delaunay , André Derain , Raoul Dufy , Auguste Herbin , Jules Pascin and Pablo Picasso .
In the spring of 1906 Georges Braque exhibited his works for the first time at the Salon des Indépendants . At the exhibition of 1907 six paintings by Braque were exhibited . Five were purchased by Wilhelm Uhde . The sixth work was presumably bought by the art dealer Kahnweiler . It was around this time that Braque first met Kahnweiler and was introduced to Picasso by Guillaume Apollinaire . Braques works were still Fauve in nature . It was n't until the autumn of 1907 at L'Estaque that Braque began his transition away from bright hues to more subdued colors , possibly as a result of the memorial exhibition of Cézanne 's work at the Salon d'Automne of 1907 .
It is unclear exactly when Uhde purchased Bacchante , but it is probable that Metzinger and Uhde first met circa 1906 , around the time Delaunay painted a portrait of Uhde in the same style as Metzinger 's Bacchante .
At the outbreak of World War I , the possessions of many German nationals living in France were sequestered by the French state . Uhde 's collection in 1914 included works by Georges Braque , Raoul Dufy , Juan Gris , Auguste Herbin , Marie Laurencin , Fernand Léger , Jean Metzinger ( of which Bacchante ) , Pablo Picasso , Jean Puy and Henri Rousseau . These works were confiscated by the French state and sold seven years later at the auction house Hôtel Drouot in Paris 30 May 1921 .
The Kröller-Müller Museum listed André Lhote in the provenance of this painting ( Paris , 30 May 1921 ) .
Parallel to literature
Jean Metzinger 's 1905-06 Fauvist-divisionist technique had its parallel in literature . For him , there was an emblematic alliance between the Symbolist writers and Neo-Impressionism . Each brushstroke of color was equivalent to a word or 'syllable ' . Together the cubes of pigments formed sentences or 'phrases ' , translating various emotions . This is an important aspect of Metzinger 's work of this period , his proto-Cubist work , and an important aspect of Metzinger 's entire artistic output ( as a painter , writer , poet , and theorist ) . Prior to the advent of Cubism Metzinger coupled Symbolist/Neo-Impressionist color theory with Cézannian perspective , beyond the preoccupations of Paul Signac and Henri-Edmond Cross , and beyond too the preoccupations of his immediate entourage .
`` I ask of divided brushwork not the objective rendering of light , but iridescence and certain aspects of color still foreign to painting . I make a kind of chromatic versification and for syllables I use strokes which , variable in quantity , can not differ in dimension without modifying the rhythm of a pictorial phraseology destined to translate the diverse emotions aroused by nature . '' ( Metzinger , 1907 )
`` What Metzinger meant '' writes art historian Robert L. Herbert , `` is that each little tile of pigment has two lives : it exists as a plane where mere size and direction are fundamental to the rhythm of the painting and , secondly , it also has color which can vary independently of size and placement . '' ( Herbert , 1968 )
Furthermore , each individual square of pigment associated with another of similar shape and color to form a group ; each grouping of color juxtaposed with an adjacent collection of differing colors ; just as syllables combine to form sentences , and sentences combine to form paragraphs , and so on . Now , the same concept formerly related to color has been adapted to form . Each individual facet associated with another adjacent shape form a group ; each grouping juxtaposed with an adjacent collection of facets connect or become associated with a larger organization—just as the association of syllables combine to form sentences , and sentences combine to form paragraphs , and so on—forming what Metzinger described as the 'total image ' .
`` Artists of the years 1910-1914 , including Mondrian and Kandinsky as well as the Cubists '' , writes Robert Herbert , `` took support from one of its central principles : that line and color have the ability to communicate certain emotions to the observer , independently of natural form . '' He continues , `` Neo-Impressionist color theory had an important heir in the person of Robert Delaunay . He had been a Neo-Impressionist in the Fauve period , and knew intimately the writings of Signac and Henry . His famous solar discs of 1912 and 1913 are descended from the Neo-Impressionists ' concentration upon the decomposition of spectral light . ''
The height of Metzinger 's Neo-Impressionist work was in 1906 and 1907 , when he and Delaunay painted portraits of one another in prominent rectangles of pigment . In the sky of Metzinger 's Coucher de soleil no . 1 , 1906–1907 ( Rijksmuseum Kröller-Müller ) , is the solar disk which Delaunay was later ( during his Cubist and Orphist phases ) to make into a personal emblem .
The vibrating image of the sun in Metzinger 's painting , and so too of Delaunay 's Paysage au disque , `` is an homage to the decomposition of spectral light that lay at the heart of Neo-Impressionist color theory ... '' ( Herbert , 1968 ) ( See , Jean Metzinger , Rijksmuseum Kröller-Müller , Otterlo )
Metzinger , followed closely by Delaunay—the two often painting together in 1906 and 1907—would develop a new style of Neo-Impressionism incorporating large cubic brushstrokes within highly geometrized compositions that had great significance shortly thereafter within the context of their Cubist works . Both Gino Severini and Piet Mondrian developed a similar mosaic-like Cubo-Divisionist technique between 1909 and 1911 . The Futurists later ( 1911–1916 ) would incorporate the style , under the influence of Gino Severini 's Parisian works , into their 'dynamic ' paintings and sculpture .
Cubes
At the Salon des Indépendants of 1906 the elected members of the hanging committee included Matisse , Signac and Metzinger . Following the Salon d'Automne of 1905 which marked the beginning of Fauvism , the Salon des Indépendants of 1906 marked the first time all the Fauves would exhibit together . The centerpiece of the exhibition was Matisse 's monumental Le Bonheur de Vivre ( The Joy of Life ) . The triangular composition is closely related to Cézanne 's Bathers ; a series that would soon become a source of inspiration for Picasso 's Les Demoiselles d'Avignon . Critics were horrified by the flatness , bright colors , eclectic style and mixed technique of Le Bonheur de Vivre .
Both Robert Delaunay and Jean Metzinger between 1905 and 1907 painted in a Divisionist style with large squares or rectangular planes of color ( see also Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape ) . Writing about the 1906 Salon des Indépendants , the art critic Louis Chassevent set the two apart from other Fauves and Neo-Impressionists . His use of the term `` cube '' to describe their work would later be taken up by Louis Vauxcelles to baptize Cubism . Chassevent writes :
`` M. Metzinger is a mosaicist like M. Signac but he brings more precision to the cutting of his cubes of color which appear to have been fabricated by machine [ ... ] '' .
The following year , Metzinger and Delaunay , with whom he shared an exhibition at Berthe Weill 's gallery in 1907 , were singled out by Louis Vauxcelles as Divisionists who used large , mosaic-like 'cubes ' to construct small but highly symbolic compositions .
One and a half years later , November 1908 , Vauxcelles , in his brief review of Georges Braque 's exhibition at Kahnweiler 's gallery , called Braque a daring man who despises form , `` reducing everything , places and a figures and houses , to geometric schemas , to cubes .
References
External links
Jean Metzinger Catalogue Raisonné entry page for La danse , Bacchante
Jean Metzinger : Divisionism , Cubism , Neoclassicism and Post Cubism
Agence Photographique de la Réunion des musées nationaux et du Grand Palais des Champs-Elysées
Paintings by Jean Metzinger
Proto-Cubist paintings
1906 paintings
Nude art
20th-century portraits
Portraits of women
Collections of the Kröller-Müller Museum
Dance in art
Mythology in art
Rolston is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Brian Rolston ( born 1973 ) , hockey player
Ed Rolston ( born 1990 ) , Hong Kong rugby player
Emma Rolston ( born 1996 ) , New Zealand association football player
Holmes Rolston III ( born 1932 ) , American philosopher
Ken Rolston , American computer , board and role-playing game designer
Mark Rolston ( born 1956 ) , American actor
Matthew Rolston , American photographer
Peter Rolston ( 1937–2006 ) , Canadian minister and political figure
Ron Rolston ( born 1966 ) , American ice hockey coach
Shauna Rolston ( born 1967 ) , Canadian cellist
Steve Rolston ( born 1978 ) , Canadian comic book artist
Tilly Rolston ( 1887–1953 ) , Canadian politician
Tom Rolston ( 1932–2010 ) , Canadian violinist and conductor
Prestwood is a village in Buckinghamshire , England . It is located in the Chiltern Hills , about two miles west of Great Missenden and six miles north of High Wycombe .
History
Early history and creation of parish
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'Priest-wood ' . There is evidence of settlement in Prestwood from the Middle Ages , when the village was mainly covered in oak , beech and ash trees . Hatches Farm is one of the buildings that dates from the medieval period .
By 1849 , more of the woodland had been cleared to make way for agriculture and common land , around which approximately 100 houses now existed . Many villagers worked in cottage industries such as lace making , and a wheelwright was also present in the village . Many of the villagers made use of the common land to graze animals ; there were about 70 watering ponds . In addition , gorse was harvested for fuel . Beech trees made up the bulk of the woodland , and were used in the local furniture industry . The small village population was served by five separate public houses .
Prestwood came into being as an ecclesiastical parish in 1852 , following consecration of the new Holy Trinity Church in 1849 . The new parish combined portions of the parishes of Missenden , Hughenden and Hampden . The first vicar of Holy Trinity planted a set of ornamental trees behind the church ; this now forms Prestwood Park .
In the Victorian era , Prestwood and nearby Great Missenden lay on the road between London and Birmingham . The two villages became important resting points for travellers ; several rest inns came into being . Prestwood 's pubs – now numbering twelve – owe part of their legacy to this fact ; the name of the Travellers ' Rest pub being a notable example .
Early 20th century
Following 1850 , much of the common land was sold off for agricultural development . By 1900 , only a small amount of common land remained ; today , Prestwood Common on Nairdwood Lane is one of the only pieces of common land still present in the village . Some of the watering holes remained , in addition to wells which were used for drinking water until the pipe network reached Prestwood in the 1930s .
As well as the Holy Trinity church , a Methodist church was constructed on the High Street and another on Bryrants Bottom . In addition , a Baptist chapel was founded on Kiln Lane ( now called Kiln Road ) . The main industry in Prestwood continued to be agriculture ; orchards were created and much of the fruit was sold to traders in London .
Prestwood continued to grow in area and population throughout the early part of the 20th century . Prestwood Infant School opened in Moat Lane in 1908 , replacing the church school . The village hall was opened in 1928 by Rosamund Parker , Countess of Macclesfield . The arrival of the railway in Great Missenden improved access to central London , leading to Prestwood becoming a commuter village . However , the expansion of the village was not without its setbacks ; houses were built in Perks Lane , destroying the orchids that grew there . After a long absence , orchids have recently been spotted in Cadsden near Princes Risborough .
Many agricultural businesses flourished in Prestwood . Wren Davis Dairy opened on Wycombe Road , winning award nationally for the quality of its milk . Today the dairy owns several acres of fields in the north and west of Prestwood , on which its cows still graze . Cornelius Stevens established a farmhouse , gardens , slaughterhouse and butcher 's shop ( named C. Stevens and Sons ) on land then known as Square Farm , in the centre of the village . His four eldest sons took over the business upon his death in 1932 ; when it closed down in the 1980s , the steel blood bins were buried on land now belonging to Prestwood Junior School . Gaybird Ltd supplied pheasant chicks and eggs to shoots throughout the country , raising the birds in fields stretching from Prestwood as far away as Dunsmore , near Wendover . Their produce was regularly exhibited at the annual national Game Fair . Finally , a pie factory was constructed , called Farmer Giles ; the site is now used for an elderly residential home called Giles Gate .
Prestwood was home to former British Prime Minister Earl Attlee from 1950 . He later moved to Martinsend Lane in Great Missenden . The house was also occupied by the late musician and broadcaster , Steve Race .
World War II
In the Second World War , a prisoner of war camp was established at Peterley Wood , whilst Prestwood Park House was used as a hospital . Two bombers collided over Prestwood with much of the wreckage falling close to Nanfans ( or Nafans ) Farm on Honor End Lane . Only one member of the two crews survived the collision . A plaque commemorating the tragedy can be found outside the Limes Tea House at the local garden centre , Hildreths of Prestwood .
Late 20th century
By the 1960s , the last brickworks in the village had closed and many of the orchards had been concreted over ; however , the former orchid site at Perks Lane was reclaimed by the local council and turned into a nature reserve and picnic site . Despite the continued growth of the village population , four pubs closed down – the George , the Weathercock , the Golden Ball and the White Horse .
In the 1960s and 70s many large houses were constructed in Prestwood , helping to attract families to the village . This was reflected in the building of two new schools – Prestwood Junior School and Prestwood Lodge School .
Despite the loss of the London Underground steam service to the nearby Great Missenden railway station , an overground service has and still does continue , run by Chiltern Railways . These benefits are one reason for the district in which Prestwood lies ( Chiltern ) being the most expensive rural district in the entire United Kingdom .
Present Day
In January 2000 a further elderly home consisting of 30 flats was opened , called Cherry Orchard , leading to an increase in the number of retired people living in the village . In the early hours of Saturday 9 December 2006 , a large fire swept through the Cherry Orchard residential home , killing one elderly woman and forcing 12 others to be rescued . Most of the ground floor was gutted in the fire , which started when a resident left clothes on top of a faulty electric radiator ; all of the residents were moved out until rebuilding work could be completed .
In 2001 , the old Prestwood Leisure Centre was demolished . After a much-delayed rebuilding program over the following two years , the Sprinters Fitness Centre opened in its place in 2003 . It included three newly built tennis courts and two fitness studios . The opening helped to revitalise Prestwood 's economy and continues to attract people from the surrounding area .
The land on which Prestwood 's only petrol station existed was bought by Beeks Homes Ltd in 2002 . The petrol station was demolished on the premise that , whilst new homes would be built on the site , a smaller petrol station would also be included in the plans . When Beeks turned back on these plans , two years of legal wranglings ensued between the company and the parish council ; eventually , the council relented and solely homes were constructed .
In July 2007 a new park was built on Prestwood common and was opened by Cherie Blair .
Since 2012 the village has had a Micro-brewery . Malt The Brewery brews real ale and craft beers on site in Prestwood . There is a shop and bar on site with views of the brewing hall .
The Travellers ' Rest pub was demolished to make way for new homes in March 2013 .
In March 2016 the public house formerly known as The Chequers relaunched as The Chequers Tree after locals objected to it being renamed as The Prestwood by owners Greene King .
The Kings Head pub was converted to a children 's nursery in 2017 .
The Polecat Inn Re-opened in April 2019 after the purchase and refurbishment of the pub by Oakman Inns .
The Green Man pub was sold in 2020 .
Listed buildings
Prestwood has 28 buildings listed on the National Heritage List ; all are listed Grade II . On Green Lane , Cherry Cottage , Clayton House , Hampden Farm , the Thimble Farm Cottages , and Greenlands Farm and its garden gateway are all listed . The Polecat public house on Wycombe Road is also listed .
The barn and farmhouse at Collings Hanger Farm on Wycombe Road , Pankridge Farm and Moat Farm on Moat Lane , and the farmhouse , garden gates and railings , large barn , cartshed , and smaller barn at Andlows Farm on Green Lane are all listed agricultural buildings in Prestwood .
The Church of Holy Trinity its lynch gate and the church school and Church Cottage at 134 Wycombe Road are listed , as well as Prestwood Park House behind the church .
Rose Cottage at 186 Wycombe Road and Knives Farmhouse at 150 Wycombe Road , Lady Boys on Kiln Road , The Flint Cottage and the Old Chequers Cottage on Chequers Lane , and the East Cottage and the Thatched Cottage on Honor End Lane are all individually listed houses in Prestwood .
Industry
Prestwood 's economy has moved away from agriculture ( e.g . the Prestwood pie factory ) to service-based in recent years ; several new health centres and hairdressers have come to the area . Some businesses , such as the village 's only petrol station , have been closed to make way for new homes . The two large residential homes , Giles Gate and Cherry Orchard , have allowed the elderly to take advantage of Prestwood 's surroundings .
A Sainsbury 's supermarket has finished construction in the heart of the village .
In 2012 Nick and Jenny Watson , set up a micro-brewery Malt the Brewery on Collings Hanger Farm . Malt The Brewery .
Peterley Manor Farm is one of the few remaining agricultural businesses in the village alongside Wren Davis Limited .
Education
There are two primary schools in Prestwood : Prestwood Infant School , for 4 to 7-year-olds ; Prestwood Junior School , for 7 to 11-year-olds . In June 2008 , Prestwood Infant School celebrated its centenary .
The local catchment secondary schools are the Misbourne School , an upper school , and Dr Challoner 's Grammar School ( boys ) , Dr Challoner 's High School ( girls ) , Chesham Grammar School ( mixed ) and The Royal Grammar School for Boys which are all Grammar Schools .
Prestwood is also the location of the Prestwood Campus of Chiltern Way Academy , a special school for children from the age of 11 to 18 .
Sport and leisure
Prestwood has a Non-League football club Prestwood F.C . who play at Prestwood Sports Club on Honor Road . There is also a cricket club at the same venue .
There is a children 's Football Club , Prestwood Colts and Girls F.C. , who play at Prestwood Common .
Missendens badminton Club meets at Prestwood Junior School on Wednesday evenings .
The village is also home to one of the largest gymnastic clubs in Buckinghamshire , which is held at Prestwood Junior School on weekday evenings and Saturday mornings . In 2015 the Club was given planning permission to build a dedicated gymnastics centre at Sprinters Leisure Centre in Prestwood
Prestwood Local Nature Reserve is located off Hampden Road .
Transport
Great Missenden railway station , about half a mile away , is on the Chiltern Railways London to Aylesbury Line and provides train services to London Marylebone station in approximately 45 minutes .
Bus services , run by Arriva Shires & Essex , run to High Wycombe in one direction , and Great Missenden and Chesham in the other . From Great Missenden , it is also possible to connect to other bus services to Aylesbury and Hemel Hempstead .
Notable people
Former prime minister Clement Attlee used to live in Prestwood , and after retiring he took his seat in the House of Lords as Earl Attlee and Viscount Prestwood .
Actor and comedian Noel Fielding also used to live in the village whilst studying in Wycombe
Other Trivia
During the 19th Century Prestwood was famous for its cherry orchards and parties of Londoners would travel out to the area during the spring to view the blossoms .
Chequers , the country residence of the Prime Minister , is a few miles north of the village . Former Prime Minister Tony Blair often brought his family to the Great Missenden Catholic church in Great Missenden at the weekends . David Cameron took part in the 2012 Sports Relief fun run at the Sprinters Leisure Centre site .
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Chiltern District
Markus Marquardt ( born 1970 ) is a German bass-baritone .
Born in Düsseldorf , Marquardt studied singing with Werner Lechte at the Robert Schumann Hochschule . He appeared in Wagner 's Parsifal , conducted by Simon Rattle , in Amsterdam and in Elektra with Lorin Maazel at the Salzburg Festival . From 1996 to 2000 , Marquardt worked at the Stuttgart State Opera , including Papageno in Mozart 's The Magic Flute and the title roles in The Marriage of Figaro and Verdi 's Rigoletto .
Since 2000 , he has been a member of the Semperoper in Dresden . He also appeared as a guest at the Hamburg State Opera , the Bregenz Festival , the Bavarian State Opera , the Deutsche Oper am Rhein , the Bremen Theater and Teatro alla Scala .
He won first prize in the national competition Jugend musiziert in 1993 and the Christel-Goltz Prize in 2004 . In 2006 , he appeared in the recorded final concert of the Rheingau Musik Festival in Mozart 's Great Mass in C minor . The version of Robert D. Levin was performed by the Gächinger Kantorei , Bach-Collegium Stuttgart , conducted by Helmuth Rilling , the other soloists being Diana Damrau , Juliane Banse and Lothar Odinius .
References
External links
Markus Marquardt website
Profile , Sorek Artists Management
German operatic baritones
1970 births
Living people
Musicians from Düsseldorf
21st-century German male opera singers
Mohan Kumar ( 1 June 1934 – 10 November 2017 ) was an Indian film director , producer and screenwriter , who worked in the Bollywood ( Hindi ) film industry of India . He was born in Sialkot in British India ; after Partition , he moved to India and settled down in Bombay .
Filmography as director
1961 -Aas Ka Panchhi
1962 -Anpadh
1964 -Ayee Milan Ki Bela
1964 -Aap Ki Parchhaiyan
1967 -Aman
1969 -Anjaana
1971 -Aap Aye Bahaar Ayee
1972 -Mome Ki Gudiya
1974 - Amir Garib
1976 -Aap Beati
1980 - Aap To Aise Na The
1983 -Avtaar
1984 -All Rounder
1986 -Amrit
1990 -Amba
1992 -Do Hanso Ka Joda
References
External links
*
1934 births
2017 deaths
Hindi-language film directors
People from Sialkot
Indian male screenwriters
Hindi film producers
20th-century Indian film directors
Film directors from Mumbai
HDcctv ( High Definition Closed Circuit Television ) is an open industrial standard for transmitting uncompressed high-definition digital video over point-to-point coaxial cable links for video surveillance applications . HDcctv uses the SMPTE HD-SDI protocol and can transmit 720p or 1080p video over at least 100 m of RG59 cable .
The HDcctv Alliance is a non-profit , global consortium that develops and promotes the HDcctv standard . Advantages over IP video surveillance are claimed to include low latency and zero configuration .
Devices incorporating HDcctv interfaces include video cameras , DVRs and repeaters .
Cabling
One of the main advantages of HDcctv is that it does not require significant modification for existing CCTV systems designed for analog cameras originally using composite NTSC or PAL video , for which extensive cabling and labor was invested for installation of the original analog system .
Since the coaxial cables originally used for the analog system have significant unused data spectrum available , it is a simple matter to just replace the camera and the recorder to obtain nearly seven times higher detail ( 1920x1080 vs 640x480 ) than the original camera system . Since coaxial cable is capable of carrying a hundred HDTV channels simultaneously , there is still more unused data capacity available for future resolution improvements .
References
Resource for High Definition CCTV News & Applications
Surveillance
Jeffery W. Kelly ( born August 23 , 1960 in Medina , New York ) is an American chemist and entrepreneur who is on the faculty of the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla , California .
Biography
Kelly received his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ( 1986 ) and performed post-doctoral research at The Rockefeller University ( 1986–89 ) .
He is former Dean of Graduate Studies ( 2000-2008 ) and Vice President of Academic Affairs ( 2000-2006 ) and co-Chairman of Molecular Medicine and the Lita Annenberg Hazen Professor of Chemistry within the Skaggs Institute of Chemical Biology at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla , California . His research focuses on understanding protein folding , misfolding and aggregation and on developing both chemical and biological strategies to ameliorate diseases caused by protein misfolding and/or aggregation .
Kelly has cofounded three biotechnology companies , FoldRx Pharmaceuticals with Susan Lindquist in 2003 , Proteostasis Therapeutics , Inc. with Andrew Dillin and Richard Morimoto in 2010 , and Misfolding Diagnostics in 2012 .
His lab began looking for ways to inhibit transthyretin fibril formation in the 1990s . Tafamidis was eventually discovered by Kelly 's team using a structure-based drug design strategy ; the structure was first published in 2003 . In 2003 Kelly co-founded FoldRx with Susan Lindquist of MIT and the Whitehead Institute and FoldRx developed tafamidis up through submitting an application for marketing approval in Europe in early 2010 . FoldRx was acquired by Pfizer later that year .
Kelly was elected as a fellow of the National Academy of Inventors ( 2017 ) , as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry ( 2017 ) , as a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences ( 2016 ) , delivered the commencement address at SUNY Fredonia ( 2016 ) , and has won numerous awards including the American Institute of Chemists Chemical Pioneer Award , 2017 ; the Jacob Heskel Gabbay Award in Biotechnology and Medicine , 2016 ; the Royal Society of Chemistry Jeremy Knowles Award , 2016 ; the Biopolymers Murray Goodman Memorial Prize , 2012 ; the American Chemical Society , Ralph F. Hirschmann Award in Peptide Chemistry , 2012 ; the Protein Society Emil T. Kaiser Award , 2011 ; the American Peptide Society Rao Makineni Lectureship ( Award ) , 2011 ; the American Peptide Society Vincent du Vigneaud Award , 2008 ; the National Institutes of Health Merit Award , 2006 ; the American Chemical Society Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award , 2001 ; the SUNY at Fredonia Alumni Distinguished Achievement Award , 2000 ; the SUNY at Fredonia Chemistry Dept . Alumni Award , 2000 ; the Protein Society-Dupont Young Investigator Award , 1999 ; the Biophysical Society National Lecturer ( Award ) , 1999 ; and the Searle Scholar Award , 1991 .
Significant Papers
1992 Colon , W. ; Kelly , J.W . `` Partial Denaturation of Transthyretin is Sufficient for Amyloid Fibril Formation In Vitro . '' Biochemistry , 31 8654-8660 .
2001 Jager , M. ; Nguyen , H. ; Crane , J.C. ; Kelly , J.W . ; Gruebele , M. `` The Folding Mechanism of a β-Sheet : The WW Domain '' J. Mol . Biol. , 311 , 373-393 .
2001 Hammarstrom , P. ; Schneider , F. ; Kelly , J.W . `` Trans-Suppression of Misfolding In An Amyloid Disease '' Science 293 , 2459-2461 .
2002 Sawkar , A.R . ; Cheng , W-C. ; Beutler , E. : Wong , C.–H . : Balch , W.E . : Kelly , J.W . `` Chemical Chaperones Increase the Cellular Activity of N370S β-glucosidase : A Therapeutic Strategy for Gaucher Disease `` Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . 99 , 15428-15433 .
2003 Hammarstrom , P. ; Wiseman , R. L. ; Powers , E.T . ; Kelly , J.W . `` Prevention of Transthyretin Amyloid Disease by Changing Protein Misfolding Energetics '' Science 299 , 713-716 .
2004 Deechongkit , S. ; Nguyen , H. ; Dawson , P.E . ; Gruebele , M. ; Kelly , J.W . “ Context Dependent Contributions of Backbone H-Bonding to β-Sheet Folding Energetics ” Nature 430 , 101-105 .
2005 Sekijima , Y. , Wiseman , R.L. , Matteson , J. , Hammarström , P. , Miller , S.R. , Balch , W.E. , Kelly , J.W . “ Biological and Chemical Basis for Tissue Selective Amyloid Disease ” Cell 121 , 73-85 .
2006 Fowler , D.M . ; Koulov , A.V . ; Alory-Jost , C. ; Marks , M.S . ; Balch , W.E ; Kelly , J.W . `` Functional Amyloid Formation Within Mammalian Tissue `` PLoS Biology 4 , 100-107 .
2008 Mu , T-W. ; Ong , D.S.T . ; Wang , Y-J ; Balch , W. E. ; Yates , J.R. ; Segatori , L. ; Kelly , J.W . . ” Chemical and Biological Approaches Synergize to Ameliorate Protein-Folding Diseases ” Cell 134 , 769-781 .
2008 Balch , W.E . ; Morimoto , R.I. ; Dillin , A. ; Kelly , J.W . “ Adapting Proteostasis For Disease Intervention ” Science 319 , 916-919 .
2010 Wiley ; died in a car crash
2011 Culyba , E.K . ; Price , J.L . ; Hanson , S.R . ; Dhar , A , ; Wong , C-H. ; Gruebele , M. ; Powers , E.T . ; Kelly , J.W . “ Protein Native State Stabilization by Placing Aromatic Side Chains in N-Glycosylated Reverse Turns ” Science 331 , 571-575 .
2012 Bulawa , C.E . ; Connelly , S. ; DeVit , M. ; Wang , L. Weigel , C. ; Fleming , J. Packman , J. ; Powers , E.T . ; Wiseman , R.L . ; Foss , T.R . ; Wilson , I.A . ; Kelly , J.W . ; Labaudiniere , R. “ Tafamidis , A Potent and Selective Transthyretin Kinetic Stabilizer That Inhibits the Amyloid Cascade ” Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . 109 , 9629-9634 .
2013 Chen , W ; Enck , S. ; Price , J.L . ; Powers , D.L . ; Powers , E.T . ; Wong , C-H. ; Dyson , H.J . ; Kelly , J.W . “ The Structural and Energetic Basis of Protein-Carbohydrate Interactions ” J . Am . Chem . Soc . 135 , 9877-9884 .
References
Living people
21st-century American chemists
Scripps Research faculty
1960 births
People from Medina , New York
Scientists from New York ( state )
Nopal ( from the Nahuatl word for the pads of the plant ) is a common name in Spanish for Opuntia cacti ( commonly referred to in English as prickly pear ) , as well as for its pads .
There are about 114 known species in Mexico , where it is a common ingredient in numerous Mexican cuisine dishes . The nopal pads can be eaten raw or cooked , used in marmalades , soups , stews and salads , as well as being used for traditional medicine or as fodder for animals . Farmed nopales are most often of the species Opuntia ficus-indica or Opuntia matudae although the pads of almost all Opuntia species are edible . The other part of the nopal cactus that is edible is the fruit , called the in Spanish and the `` prickly pear '' in English .
Nopales are generally sold fresh in Mexico , cleaned of thorns , and sliced to the customer 's desire on the spot . They can also be found canned or bottled as nopalitos , and less often dried , especially for export . Cut into slices or diced into cubes , nopales have a light , slightly tart flavor , like green beans , and a crisp , mucilaginous texture . In most recipes , the mucilaginous liquid they contain is included in the cooking . They are at their most tender and juicy in the spring .
Nopales are most commonly used in Mexican cuisine in dishes such as huevos con nopales `` eggs with nopal '' , carne con nopales `` meat with nopal '' , tacos de nopales , in salads with tomato , onion , and queso panela ( panela cheese ) , or simply on their own as a side vegetable . Nopales have also grown to be an important ingredient in New Mexican cuisine and in Tejano culture of Texas .
Nutrition
Per US cup serving , nopal fruit is an excellent source of the dietary mineral manganese ( 20 % of the Daily Value , DV ) and a good source of vitamin C ( 13 % DV ) , magnesium ( 11 % DV ) and calcium ( 14 % DV ) , with nutrient content improving as the plant matures . Its calcium may not be biologically available because it is present as calcium oxalate , a non-absorbable complex in the small intestine .
Economic value
The nopal cactus grows extensively throughout Mexico , being especially abundant in the central Mexican arid and semi arid regions . In Mexico there are over of land used to cultivate nopal . There are three typical ways to cultivate nopal cacti — commercial plantations , family farms and gardens , or in the wild . Approximately are used to produce prickly pear fruit , for the pads production , and to cochineal production . In 1996 there were prickly pear farmers , as well as around 8000 general nopal farmers , with all of the people involved in the processing industries and in cochineal production , employing a significant number of the Mexican population . Nopal is grown in eighteen of the Mexican states with 74 % in the Distrito Federal , with an annual yield of tons of both the tuna and the pads . The farming of nopal provides many subsistence communities with employment , food , income , and allows them to remain on their land .
Detection of the cactus-eating moth Cactoblastis cactorum in Mexico in 2006 caused anxiety among the country 's phytosanitary authorities , as this insect can be potentially devastating for the cactus industry . In 1925 , the same insect was successfully used in Australia to control the quickly growing population of cactus , which had become an invasive species after its introduction .
Gallery
See also
Nopaltilla
References
Aztec society
Mexican cuisine
Natural history of Mesoamerica
New Mexican cuisine
Opuntia
Stem vegetables
es : Nopal
nah : Nohpalli
The Leyou River is a river of Gabon . It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué .
References
Lerique Jacques . 1983 . Hydrographie-Hydrologie . in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon , Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise . Pg 14–15 . Paris , France : Edicef .
Perusset André . 1983 . Oro-Hydrographie ( Le Relief ) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon , Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise . Pg 10–13 . Paris , France : Edicef .
Rivers of Gabon
Palti may refer to :
Palti , son of Laish , a biblical figure associated with David 's wife Michal
Palti , son of Raphu , a minor biblical figure in the Book of Numbers
North Konawe Regency ( Kabupaten Konawe Utara ) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province , Indonesia . It was formed in 2007 by splitting off seven of the northern districts of Konawe Regency to form a new North Konawe Regency ( Kabupaten Konawe Utara ) . It is surrounded on all landward sides by the remaining area of the Konawe Regency , and covers an area of 5,101.76 km2 . It had a population of 51,447 at the 2010 Census and 67,871 at the 2020 Census . The principal town lies at Asera .
Administration
The North Konawe Regency was divided at the time of the 2010 Census into seven districts ( kecamatan ) , but six additional districts have subsequently been created by division of the original districts . The districts are tabulated below with their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census . The table also includes the administrative centres of each district
Notes : ( a ) The 2010 population of Motui District is included in the figure for Sawa District , from which it was subsequently cut out . ( b ) the 2010 populations of Wawolesea and Lasolo Kepulauan Districts are included in the figure for Lasolo District , from which they were subsequently cut out . ( c ) the 2010 populations of Andowia and Oheo Districts are included in the figure for Asera District , from which they were subsequently cut out . ( d ) The 2010 population of Landawe District is included in the figure for Wiwirano District , from which it was subsequently cut out .
Wawolesea Karst
Wawolesea Karst is rare and unique , 80 kilometers north of Kendari or just 10 kilometers from Tanjung Taipa Beach . There are a 500-meter square pond several meters from the beach with altar and travertine columns which formed by salty water hot fountain . The salty water came from tunnels below sea level and the hot water with temperature between 35 and 45 Celsius degrees came from active tectonic . The hot sandy around them is suitable for Maleo birds to bury their eggs which will hatch by hot sandy temperature . Anoa as endemic animal can be found also in this area .
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
Antonio Mora ( 16 August 1919 – 26 July 1992 ) was a Costa Rican sports shooter . He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1919 births
1992 deaths
Costa Rican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Costa Rica
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from San José , Costa Rica
The Northern Ireland Protocol Bill is a proposed Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that seeks to unilaterally override parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol , which is that part of the Brexit withdrawal agreement that governs some aspects of trade in goods between Northern Ireland and Great Britain . The bill was introduced to address what the government call 'unacceptable barriers to trade ' that the protocol introduced within the UK . The bill has been criticised by most members of the Northern Ireland Assembly ( though supported by some ) , by the European Commission , and by member states of the European Union . It has been characterised in the UK as a breach of international law .
Purpose and provisions
The Bill is a proposed Act that has begun its passage through Parliament . The Government says that the Bill is designed to make the flow of goods from Great Britain to Northern Ireland easier , by enabling it to unilaterally disapply parts of the Protocol . The Bill was published by the Government of the United Kingdom on 13 June 2022 , and introduced into the House of Commons the same day by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss .
The UK government accepted that the bill would mean it did not meet its obligations under international law , invoking the doctrine of necessity — that having to uphold the Protocol was placing unacceptable levels of strain on institutions in Northern Ireland and that there was `` no other way '' of safeguarding the UK 's interests .
Reactions
Within the United Kingdom
Northern Ireland
In a strongly-worded letter , 52 of the 90 Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly advised the Prime Minister that his proposed action would be contrary to the wishes of the majority of people in Northern Ireland . The nationalist Sinn Féin ( 27 MLAs ) and non-aligned Alliance Party ( 17 MLAs ) issued statements disapproving of the proposed bill .
The Democratic Unionist Party ( 25 MLAs ) welcomed the Bill . However Sammy Wilson MP , a leading member of the party , said that the DUP would not participate in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing executive unless and until the Bill is enacted and brought into force . ( The executive can not operate without cross-community support . )
The Ulster Unionist Party ( 9 MLAs ) welcomed the fact that the bill would create the space for renewed negotiations to `` deal with the flawed Northern Ireland protocol '' . Giving evidence to a House of Lords committee , UUP leader Doug Beattie said that the government 's plans 'amount to agitator legislation ' that would have a detrimental impact on relations with the European Union in the short-term , although it might drive both sides back to the negotiating table .
Scotland and Wales
The Scottish Parliament adopted unanimously a motion asking that `` the UK Government [ ... ] withdraw its Northern Ireland Protocol Bill and concentrate its efforts instead on immediately re-starting negotiations with the European Union '' . The motion `` rejected the UK Government 's current course of action as being unacceptable , highlighting the risks of sparking a disastrous trade dispute and breaking international law '' . In a letter to the UK foreign secretary , the Scottish Cabinet Secretary for Constitution , External Affairs and Culture added that it was `` inconceivable '' that the Scottish Government would support a legislative consent motion for the Bill in the Scottish Parliament .
Vaughan Gething , Welsh minister for the economy , raised similar points in his statement on behalf of the Welsh Government .
Law Society of England and Wales
The president of the Law Society of England and Wales said of the Bill : 'Britain 's standing in the world depends in part on it being known as a nation that keeps its word . The Northern Ireland Protocol Bill represents a direct challenge to the rule of law as it gives the UK government the power to break international law ' . [ ... ] 'The rule of law is undermined if the UK government takes the view that laws international or domestic can be broken . If a government breaks laws it breaks trust with its own citizens and with international partners . '
European Union and its member states
Irish government
The Irish Taoiseach ( prime minister ) Micheál Martin said : `` It 's very regrettable for a country like the UK to renege on an international treaty . [ ... ] It represents a new low point because the natural expectation of democratic countries like ourselves , the UK and all across Europe is that we honour international agreements that we enter into . [ ... ] The protocol is an international deal ratified by British Parliament and approved by the [ British ] PM , '' and breaching it `` goes to the heart of the issue of trust '' .
While questioning the credibility of UK government 's espoused strategy , Leo Varadkar ( Martin 's coalition partner , who had helped develop the principles of the protocol in 2019 ) added `` I think what we need to do is to in some way re-engage with the UK government around providing practical solutions to some of the genuine concerns that people in business and people in the unionist community have in Northern Ireland , but we 're certainly not making any plans to check goods going across the border or anything like that '' .
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said the bill was `` not consistent with international law and the British government 's obligations under international law and I think that will be shown in time . But more concerningly this , I think , is really a new low in British-Irish relations , certainly , I think in the last 25 years or so '' .
German government
German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said of the Bill : `` It is a very regrettable decision that the British government has taken . [ ... ] It is a departure from all the agreements we have made '' . Foreign minister Annalena Baerbock added : `` London is unilaterally breaking agreements . [ ... ] And it is doing so for predictable motives of its own . We in the EU can not accept that '' .
Interviewed on LBC radio , the new German ambassador to the UK , Miguel Berger , said `` I can tell you there is a lot of disappointment with this bill , especially because we thought with the whole Ukraine crisis this was not the moment to have this debate '' .
European Commission
The European Union 's commissioner in charge of Brexit matters Maroš Šefčovič said : “ As the first step , the commission will consider continuing the infringement procedure launched against the UK government in March 2021 . We had put this legal action on hold in September 2021 in the spirit of constructive cooperation to create the space to look for joint solutions . The UK 's unilateral action goes directly against the spirit ” . Šefčovič said that one frozen case against the UK for past breaches of the withdrawal agreement had been relaunched and two further proceedings over other undelivered treaty obligations would begin .
Passage through Parliament
In the Commons
The bill was presented to the House on 13 June 2022 by the Foreign Secretary , Liz Truss , and received its first reading without division as is customary .
On 27 June 2022 , the minister presented the bill for its second reading . She declared it to be justified because , she said , `` the Northern Ireland protocol is undermining the function of the [ Belfast/Good Friday ] agreement and of power sharing '' , and said that the UK had been left with `` no other choice '' because `` the EU has refused to change the text of the protocol '' . No Conservative Party members voted against the bill but 70 did not vote . Notable among those who declined to support the government was former Prime Minister Theresa May , who denounced the proposal as a breach of international law , adding that it would `` diminish the standing of the United Kingdom in the eyes of the world '' . Among other responses , members for Northern Ireland constituencies spoke in the debate . Claire Hanna ( SDLP ) said `` The Bill recycles the same distortions and half-truths that the people of Northern Ireland have been listening to for the last six or seven years of the Brexit debate , and there is still a failure to reconcile the dilemmas that Brexit forces and the choices that the UK Government have made with the reality of our geography '' . Stephen Farry ( Alliance ) added that `` The Bill is opposed by a majority of Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly and , indeed , of voters in Northern Ireland '' . DUP members welcomed the proposals . Sinn Féin members do not take their seats in Westminster and did not contribute to the debate . The bill was given its second reading in the House and approved to proceed to the Committee stage by 295 votes to 221 .
The Bill received its third reading and was passed in the Commons on 20 July 2022 .
In the Lords
The bill was presented to the House on 22 July 2022 and received its first reading without division as is customary , albeit with some peers ignoring convention and loudly indicating their disapproval .
References
External links
( Commission 's offer of a two-lane system in October 2021 [ called an `` express lane '' rather than a `` green lane '' ] . )
( Op-ed )
2022 in British politics
2022 in Northern Ireland
Politics of Northern Ireland
Proposed laws of the United Kingdom
Brexit
Fort Hamilton High School ( HS 490 ) is a public high school in Brooklyn , New York , USA , under the jurisdiction of the New York City Department of Education . Students in Bay Ridge , Sunset Park and Dyker Heights are zoned to Fort Hamilton HS . It has stood overlooking the Narrows and Lower New York Bay since 1941 .
Academics
The graduation rate of the 2016–2017 school year was 83 % . In addition , a selective program is currently offered known as the Honors Academy , which is for students who are exceeding school standards in middle school . Fort Hamilton was once a private school .
Extracurricular activities
Extracurricular activities at Fort Hamilton H.S . include the Honors Academy , Academy Arts of Finance , Virtual Enterprise , JROTC , Junior Math League , Leadership , Mock Trial , The National Honor Society , Performing Arts , Model UN , Swimming , Lifeguard , Photography , Histology , Ceramics , Public Speaking , the Anchor , Math Team , and Shakespeare Contests .
The boys varsity swim team won the title of New York City Champions in 1999 for the first time in the school 's history . The swim team also won Brooklyn champions in 1998 and during the 2007–2010 seasons . The NYC Championship was lost to Stuyvesant High School in 1998 and 2010 as well to Brooklyn Technical High School in 2008 . The boys varsity football team won the 2005 , 2006 , and 2010 Football PSAL Championship . The girls varsity swim team has won three city championship titles . Bon Voyage Travel from Fort Hamilton High School won first place internationally in the Virtual Enterprise program .
Notable alumni
Stephen Antonakos ( 1926–2013 ) , sculptor known for his abstract sculptures and for being a pioneer in the use of neon in art .
James Fyfe ( 1942–2005 ) , criminologist and former professor of criminal justice at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice , Temple University , and American University
Vincent J. Gentile ( born 1959 , class of 1975 ) , former New York City Councilman and former State Senator
Jephté Guillaume , multi-instrumentalist , DJ and producer
Paul Jabara ( 1948–1992 ) , actor and Academy Award-winning songwriter
Letitia James ( born 1958 ) , lawyer and politician , current Attorney General of New York and former City Public Advocate ; the first African-American and second woman to hold each of those posts .
Jaiquawn Jarrett ( born 1989 ) , former NFL safety for the New York Jets .
Bruce Johannesson ( born 1962 ) , lead guitarist for the rock band Poison under the stage name ' C.C . DeVille '
Albert King ( born 1959 ) , retired NBA player .
Bernard King ( born 1956 ) , retired NBA All-star
Frank Layden ( born 1932 ) , former coach and executive of the NBA 's Utah Jazz
Julio Lugo ( 1975-2021 ) , former Major League baseball player
Christopher J. Mega ( 1930–2011 ) , lawyer and politician , former New York Supreme Court Justice , former State Senator , and former State Assemblyman .
Danny Née ( born 1945 ) , longtime basketball head coach at USMMA , Duquesne University , University of Nebraska-Lincoln , and Ohio University .
Lana Parrilla ( born 1977 ) , actress best known for Once Upon a Time
George Preti ( 1944–2020 ) , analytical organic chemist whose research focused on the nature , origin , and functional significance of human odors .
Fred Samara ( born 1950 ) , former athlete who competed in the men 's decathlon at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Neil M. Stevenson ( 1930–2009 ) , rear admiral , former Chief of U.S. Navy Chaplains
Janet Yellen ( born 1946 , class of 1963 ) , economist , current U.S. Secretary of the Treasury and former Chair of the Federal Reserve ( 2014-2018 ) ; the first woman to hold either post .
References
External links
insideschools.org
School Report Card for 2005
New York City Department of Education
Fort Hamilton HS Alumni site
Public high schools in Brooklyn
1941 establishments in New York City
Educational institutions established in 1941
Karl Schmitzer ( April 22 , 1926 in Afing ( Lower Austria ) – October 19 , 2011 in St. Pölten ) was an Austrian politician , member of National Council ( 1970–1981 ) .
References
1926 births
2011 deaths
Austrian politicians
Peter Duncan ( born 3 May 1954 ) is an English actor and television presenter . He was a presenter of Blue Peter in the 1980s , and made a series of family travel documentaries between 1999 and 2005 . He directed , produced and performed in Jack and the Beanstalk which received a national cinema release in the UK in 2020 .
Early life , family and education
Duncan was born in Chelsea , London .
He was a student at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts , an independent stage school in London . Duncan completed his secondary education at Hawes Down School for Boys at West Wickham , Bromley , London . He also studied with the Open University .
Early career
Duncan 's early career was as a stage actor , appearing as Jim Hawkins in Treasure Island followed by two years at Sir Laurence Olivier 's National Theatre . His notable television roles include work on The Tomorrow People , Space 1999 , King Cinder , Play for Today , Warship , Oranges & Lemons , and season 2 of Survivors . In films , he appeared as the guitarist Kevin in Stardust ( 1974 ) , Kit Nubbles in Mister Quilp ( 1975 ) , the luckless Richard in The Lifetaker ( 1976 ) , and in a brief role in the film Flash Gordon ( 1980 ) , with his character dying after a few minutes on screen . Duncan starred in an episode of the children 's television programme Storybook International as a young master in the tale of 'Cap O Rushes ' .
Duncan played leading roles in the BBC 's King Cinder as Kerry , and as Jimmy Carter in the 1977–1978 ITV children 's television series The Flockton Flyer .
Blue Peter
He joined Blue Peter in 1980 , and shortly afterwards it was revealed in a tabloid newspaper that Duncan had appeared nude in the Michael Papas psychological thriller film The Lifetaker . In The Times the BBC denied that he was ever a porn star . As late as 2007 , the Daily Mirror , was still mis-describing the film as a `` skin flick '' .
He ran in the first London Marathon in 1981 ( in 3 hours and 10 minutes ) and ran again in the 1991 , 2001 and 2012 events . He was scheduled on October 3 , 2021 , to run for the final time .
Unusually , Duncan had two periods with Blue Peter , being on the team from 1980 to 1984 , and again from 1985 to 1986 . During his stay with the programme , he became associated with the kind of daredevil stunts previously popularised by John Noakes , and these continued in his own spin-off series , Duncan Dares . One of his most remembered such stunts occurred in 1980 when the Blue Peter crew put him out on a rope swing to clean the face of Clock Tower ( Big Ben ) without a safety harness , thus creating much trouble for the BBC . It is documented in Richard Marson 's book Blue Peter 50th Anniversary .
On 20 February 2007 Duncan was awarded the highest Blue Peter Award - The Gold Badge . This badge was awarded in his role as the Scout Association 's Chief Scout .
Return to the stage
After leaving Blue Peter permanently in 1986 , he returned to the stage , most notably in Mike Stott 's Funny Peculiar and in the musicals Barnum , Me and My Girl and The Card for which he was nominated for an Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical . In the 1990s he appeared in numerous pantomimes , some of which he also produced through his company Here 's One I Made Earlier , including Robin Hood at the Lewisham ( now Broadway ) Theatre in South East London . He wrote and directed the Oxford Playhouse pantomime from 2006 to 2013 He played Charlie Peace at Nottingham Playhouse in 2013 and Jack Firebrace in Birdsong in 2014 and 2015 . He played Wilbur Turnblad in the touring production of Hairspray in 2015/16 .
Peter is currently playing the part of John Blondel in a two man ghostly play When Darkness Falls , set in Guernsey .
Family travel documentaries
Between 1999 and 2005 , Duncan filmed and produced three travelogue documentary series . Each series consisted of six episodes and featured his family embarking on backpacking trips around the world . The family also consists of Duncan 's wife Annie , and their four children : Lucy , Katie , Georgia and Arthur .
The first series , Travel Bug , charted a six-month tour of the world . Filmed in 1999 when the children were aged 7 to 13 , the series was shown on children 's television on BBC1 . The next series , Chinese Breakaway , charted the family 's two-month backpacking trip across China in 2002 . The series was aired on Five and Sky Travel . In the third series , Arthur 's trip to India ( also aired on Five ) , Duncan 's 13-year-old son was featured as the chief presenter . A one-off additional episode ( Arthur 's trip to Jordan ) followed his son to the heart of the Middle East .
Scout Association
Duncan was appointed as the Scout Association 's Chief Scout , for a five-year tenure from 5 September 2004 to July 2009 .
2007 onwards
In 2007 , Duncan took part in the Channel 4 series The Games . He has written and directed pantomimes for Oxford Playhouse and the Cheltenham Everyman . Until 2019 , he produced the pantomime for the Lighthouse theatre in Dorset . In 2007 , he played Macduff in Macbeth at Regents Park Theatre , London , and filmed a documentary about the Scouts climbing Everest . His one-man show Daft and Dangerous appeared in the 2009 Edinburgh fringe . Duncan featured in Through the Keyhole for the third time on 26 January 2019 .
In 2014 , Duncan competed in BBC1 's acrobatic and circus show Tumble going out in the semi final . He was nominated for an 'Offie ' for his performance in The Dame at the Park Theatre , London .
Duncan established The Natural Adventure Company in 2015 whichi specialises in self-guided walking holidays and special interest tours , particularly in southeast Europe . He is a Patron of British Youth Music Theatre .
In 2020 , he wrote , produced and directed Jack and the Beanstalk , a British film which had a national cinema release .
Partial filmography
On the Game ( 1974 ) - François
Stardust ( 1974 ) - Kevin
Mister Quilp ( 1975 ) - Kit Nubbles
The Lifetaker ( 1976 ) - Richard
Flash Gordon ( 1980 ) - Young Treeman
Jack and the Beanstalk ( film ) ( 2020 ) - Dame Trott
Cinderella ( film ) ( 2021 ) - Billie Eyelash
References
External links
Official website
pantoonline.co.uk
Profile at BBC
Peter Duncan being lowered down the face of Clock Tower ( Big Ben ) at The Guardian
1954 births
Living people
Male actors from London
English male child actors
20th-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male television actors
Blue Peter presenters
English television presenters
Alumni of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts
Chief Scouts ( The Scout Association )
Ataxia rufitarsis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1880 . It is known from Nicaragua .
References
Ataxia ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1880
Jerome Caja ( 1958-1995 ) was an American mixed-media painter and Queercore performance artist in San Francisco , California in the 1980s and early 1990s .
Early life and education
Jerome Caja was born on January 20 , 1958 in Cleveland , Ohio . Raised in a strict Catholic family , Caja was one of 11 sons . He referred to his family as a family full of jocks , although he himself was a frail sickly child . Caja having been raised in a strict Catholic household was early on heavily influenced by the imagery of saints and martyrs . Caja graduated from St. Edward High School , an all-boys Catholic school , where he suffered poor grades due to dyslexia . Caja began his college education at Cuyahoga Community College and later attended Cleveland State University , where he earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1984 . He then moved to San Francisco to attend the San Francisco Art Institute and graduated with a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1986 .
Career
In the late 1980s , Caja became a well-known artistic personality within the radical gay scene in San Francisco . Caja performed as a drag queen and go-go dancer in San Francisco 's queer punk nightclubs , where his performance art has been described as `` post-apocalyptic deconstructive drag . '' In one Easter performance at Club Uranus , Caja in drag performed an elaborate reenactment of the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus .
Caja began by producing ceramic sculptures and then he moved on to create paintings . Caja crafted miniature mixed-media artworks which he created from everyday materials , especially those used by drag queens such as nail polish , sequins , lace and glitter . Caja was a fan of makeup even before he was diagnosed with AIDS , so he transferred his own affection for makeup straight into his artistic work . Many of Caja 's works were influenced by Catholic iconography and satirized Christian morality . Professor of Communication Fred Turner described Caja 's paintings as `` fragments of a private allegory – often dizzyingly grotesque , but also glorious , gentle and sad . '' While in his other artwork , he tried to express his own fearlessness .
Death
According to Caja , he tested positive for HIV around 1989 and began to show symptoms of sickness around 1992 . Caja as well suffered from CMV retinitis as result of the diagnosis . In August and September 1995 , the Archives of American Art recorded an oral history interview with Caja . He died of AIDS in San Francisco on November 3 , 1995 . His memorial service was held at the Hole in the Wall gay bar in South of Market , San Francisco .
Artworks
Caja 's art is located in the New York Public Library and the Los Angeles County Museum . The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ( SFMOMA ) twice provided exhibits of paintings by Caja . Before his death , Caja gifted his unsold artworks to the SFMOMA . Caja 's personal papers and effects are archived in the Smithsonian Institution . In addition to the locations mentioned above , The Jerome Project , was created to bring greater visibility and accessibility to Caja 's artwork . The Jerome Project is a non profit organization , that was created by Anthony Cianciolo in order to preserve and protect the artistic legacy of Caja . The Jerome Projects ' goal is to bring recognition to Caja as an important 20th century artist and not simply as a marginalized , controversial , gay artist .
References
Further reading
External links
The Jerome Project—a non-profit organization dedicated to the artistic works of Jerome Caja
Art by Jerome Caja—at Visual AIDS organization
1958 births
1995 deaths
LGBT artists from the United States
American drag queens
LGBT people from Ohio
LGBT people from California
American performance artists
Artists from Cleveland
Artists from San Francisco
American contemporary artists
AIDS-related deaths in California
Mixed-media artists
San Francisco Art Institute alumni
20th-century LGBT people
Băiuș is a commune in Leova District , Moldova . It is composed of three villages : Băiuș , Cociulia Nouă and Hîrtop .
References
Communes of Leova District
Gabriel III ( ) , ( ? – 25 October 1707 ) was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 1702 to 1707 .
Life
Gabriel was born in the town of Smyrna ( now İzmir ) to parents coming from the island of Andros and in 1688 he became Metropolitan of Chalcedon . He was elected Patriarch of Constantinople on 29 August 1702 and reigned till his death . His reign had no particular troubles and was serene .
In 1704 Gabriel formally condemned the edition of the New Testament into Modern Greek translated by Seraphim of Mytilene and edited in London in 1703 by the English Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts . On 5 March 1705 he issued an order forbidding the Greek students to study in London due to improper behaviours . In 1706 he issued a letter to condemning the Latin doctrines .
He also intervened in the affairs of the autonomous Church of Cyprus , deposing Germanos II of Cyprus after complaints of the local population . The Melkite Metropolitan of Aleppo Athanasius Dabbas was so elected in Istanbul as regent ( proedros ) Archbishop of Cyprus at end 1705 . In February 1707 , after Athanasius ' return to Constantinople , Gabriel censored as non-canonical the consecration of the new Archbishop Jacob II , who nevertheless reigned until 1718 .
With regards to his birth-town Smyrna , in 1706 he founded there a school where the scholar Adamantios Rysios taught . Gabriel died in Constantinople on 25 October 1707 and was buried at the monastery of Kamariotissa on the island of Halki .
Notes
17th-century births
1707 deaths
17th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
Smyrniote Greeks
18th-century Ecumenical Patriarchs of Constantinople
Bishops of Chalcedon
Premeća is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 238 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Camp Meeting is the tenth studio album by American pianist and singer Bruce Hornsby , who was joined by Christian McBride ( bass ) and Jack DeJohnette ( drums ) . Pat Metheny was credited as `` de facto '' executive producer .
The album received a favorable review from JazzTimes , which described Hornsby 's collaborators as `` the best in the business '' and the set list as `` spectacular '' . It said : `` What fun this record is ... Nothing here sounds like his pop music . Not only is his playing remarkable , but so is the interaction among the three musicians . The music stretches and contracts . It races , it gallops and it rumbles ... If these guys stick with it , they 'll be the freshest piano trio out there . ''
Track listing
`` Questions and Answers '' ( Ornette Coleman ) - 4:53
`` Charlie , Woody and You/Study # 22 '' ( B.R . Hornsby , Charles Ives ) - 5:58
`` Solar '' ( Miles Davis ) - 7:03
`` Death and the Flower '' ( Keith Jarrett ) - 5:45
`` Camp Meeting '' ( B.R . Hornsby ) - 5:43
`` Giant Steps '' ( John Coltrane ) - 6:04
`` Celia '' ( Bud Powell ) - 7:50
`` We 'll Be Together Again '' ( Carl Fischer , Frankie Laine ) - 5:38
`` Stacked Mary Possum '' ( B.R . Hornsby ) - 4:34
`` Straight , No Chaser '' ( Thelonious Monk ) - 2:59
`` Un Poco Loco/Chant Song '' ( Bud Powell , B.R . Hornsby ) - 7:55
Personnel
Bruce Hornsby – grand piano
Christian McBride – double bass
Jack DeJohnette – drums
Production
Producer – Bruce Hornsby
`` De Facto '' Executive Producer – Pat Metheny
Engineer – Joe Ferla
Additional Engineer – Wayne Pooley
Mixing – Bruce Hornsby and Wayne Pooley
Recorded at Tossington Sound ( Williamsburg , VA ) .
Mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound ( New York , NY ) .
Art Direction and Design – Dave Bett
Photography and Cover Painting – Kathy Hornsby
References
2007 albums
Bruce Hornsby albums
Ančić ( ) is a Croatian family name that may refer to :
Ivan Ančić ( 1624–1685 ) , theological writer
Ivica Ančić ( born 1979 ) , professional male tennis player , brother of Mario and Sanja
Mario Ančić ( born 1984 ) , professional male tennis player , brother of Ivica and Sanja
Sanja Ančić ( born 1988 ) , professional female tennis player , sister of Ivica and Mario
See also
ANCIC ( organization ) , French NGO that provides advice and support to women on contraception and abortion
Croatian surnames
Slavic-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
The 1988 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season . After winning the opener against Louisiana Tech , the Bulldogs lost all 10 remaining games . The season is now commonly referred to as `` Tech and Ten '' by Bulldog fans .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Olga Umaralieva ( born February 5 , 1988 ) is an Uzbekistani sprint canoeist . She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women 's K-1 200 metres event but did not advance past the heats .
References
1988 births
Living people
Uzbekistani female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Uzbekistan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Uzbekistan
The 60th Tank Battalion `` M.O . Locatelli '' ( ) is an inactive tank battalion of the Italian Army based in Altamura in Apulia . Originally the battalion , like all Italian tank units , was part of the infantry , but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry . Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the Armored Brigade `` Pinerolo '' .
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform : on 1 November 1975 the LX Armored Battalion of the Infantry Brigade `` Pinerolo '' was renamed 60th Armored Battalion `` M.O . Locatelli '' . The 60th Locatelli was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone . The battalion received the traditions of the LX Tank Battalion `` L '' , which had been formed by the XX Tank Battalion `` L '' in Italian Libya in December 1939 . Equipped with L3/35 tankettes the LX battalion fought in the early stages of the Western Desert Campaign and was destroyed during the Battle of Sidi Barrani near Buq Buq by the British Western Desert Force .
After World War II the LX Armored Battalion was reformed on 1 May 1960 as armored unit of the Infantry Brigade `` Avellino '' . The Avellino was disbanded on 30 October 1965 and the LX battalion was transferred to the Infantry Brigade `` Pinerolo '' .
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers , soldiers and partisans , who were posthumously awarded Italy 's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II . The 60th Tank Battalion 's name commemorated 4th Tank Infantry Regiment Lieutenant Giuseppe Locatelli , who had served in the Tank Battalion `` M '' during the Italian invasion of Egypt and was killed in action on 19 November 1940 south of Sidi Barrani . Equipped with M47 Patton tanks and M113 armored personnel carriers the battalion joined the Motorized Brigade `` Pinerolo '' .
On 1 February 1979 the 60th Armored Battalion `` M.O . Locatelli '' ceded its two M113 armored personnel carrier equipped companies to the infantry battalions of the brigade and received two new tank companies . Consequently , the battalion was renamed on the same date 60th Tank Battalion `` M.O . Locatelli '' . Additionally the battalion was equipped with modern Leopard 1A2 tanks and the brigade 's infantry battalions were equipped with VCC-1 armored personnel carriers . Therefore , on 1 February 1979 the brigade was renamed Mechanized Brigade `` Pinerolo '' .
On 17 October 1992 the 60th Tank Battalion `` M.O . Locatelli '' was renamed 133rd Tank Regiment without changing size or composition . On 9 October 1995 the 31st Tank Regiment in Bellinzago Novarese received the war flag and name of the 4th Tank Regiment and transferred its own name and war flag to the 133rd Tank Regiment in Altamura , while on the same date the war flag of the 133rd Tank Regiment was transferred to the army 's Tank School in Lecce , where it was stored in the commander 's office , until , in case of war , the personnel of the Cavalry School would have formed the 133rd Tank Regiment . On 3 December 1996 the Pinerolo , which fielded now two tank regiments , was renamed : Armored Brigade `` Pinerolo '' .
In fall 2001 the 133rd Tank Regiment was disbanded and its war flag transferred to the Shrine of the Flags in the Vittoriano in Rome .
See also
Mechanized Brigade `` Pinerolo ''
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Trimethylsilyl chloride , also known as chlorotrimethylsilane is an organosilicon compound ( silyl halide ) , with the formula ( CH3 ) 3SiCl , often abbreviated Me3SiCl or TMSCl . It is a colourless volatile liquid that is stable in the absence of water . It is widely used in organic chemistry .
Preparation
TMSCl is prepared on a large scale by the direct process , the reaction of methyl chloride with a silicon-copper alloy . The principal target of this process is dimethyldichlorosilane , but substantial amounts of the trimethyl and monomethyl products are also obtained . The relevant reactions are ( Me = CH3 ) :
x MeCl + Si → Me3SiCl , Me2SiCl2 , MeSiCl3 , other products
Typically about 2–4 % of the product stream is the monochloride , which forms an azeotrope with MeSiCl3 .
Reactions and uses
TMSCl is reactive toward nucleophiles , resulting in the replacement of the chloride . In a characteristic reaction of TMSCl , the nucleophile is water , resulting in hydrolysis to give the hexamethyldisiloxane :
2 Me3SiCl + H2O → Me3Si-O-SiMe3 + 2 HCl
The related reaction of trimethylsilyl chloride with alcohols can be exploited to produce anhydrous solutions of hydrochloric acid in alcohols , which find use in the mild synthesis of esters from carboxylic acids and nitriles as well as , acetals from ketones . Similarly , trimethylsilyl chloride is also used to silanize laboratory glassware , making the surfaces more lipophilic .
Silylation in organic synthesis
By the process of silylation , polar functional groups such as alcohols and amines readily undergo reaction with trimethylsilyl chloride , giving trimethylsilyl ethers and trimethylsilyl amines . These new groups `` protect '' the original functional group by removing the labile protons and decreasing the basicity of the heteroatom . The lability of the Me3Si-O and Me3Si-N groups can later be removed ( `` deprotected '' ) . Trimethylsilylation can also be used to increase the volatility of a compound , enabling gas chromatography of normally nonvolatile substances such as glucose .
Trimethylsilyl chloride also reacts with carbanions to give trimethylsilyl derivatives . Lithium acetylides react to give trimethylsilylalkynes such as bis ( trimethylsilyl ) acetylene . Such derivatives are useful protected forms of alkynes .
In the presence of triethylamine and lithium diisopropylamide , enolisable aldehydes , ketones and esters are converted to trimethylsilyl enol ethers . Despite their hydrolytic instability , these compounds have found wide application in organic chemistry ; oxidation of the double bond by epoxidation or dihydroxylation can be used to return the original carbonyl group with an alcohol group at the alpha carbon . The trimethylsilyl enol ethers can also be used as masked enolate equivalents in the Mukaiyama aldol addition .
Dehydrations
Dehydration of metal chlorides with trimethylsilyl chloride in THF gives the solvate as illustrated by the case of chromium trichloride :
CrCl3 + 12 Me3SiCl → CrCl3 ( THF ) 3 + 6 ( Me3Si ) 2O + 12 HCl
Other reactions
Trimethylsilyl chloride is used to prepare other trimethylsilyl halides and pseudohalides , including trimethylsilyl fluoride , trimethylsilyl bromide , trimethylsilyl iodide , trimethylsilyl cyanide , trimethylsilyl azide , and trimethylsilyl trifluoromethanesulfonate ( TMSOTf ) . These compounds are produced by a salt metathesis reaction between trimethylsilyl chloride and a salt of the ( pseudo ) halide ( MX ) :
MX + Me3Si-Cl → MCl + Me3Si-X
TMSCl , lithium , and nitrogen molecule react to give tris ( trimethylsilyl ) amine , under catalysis by nichrome wire or chromium trichloride :
3 Me3SiCl + 3 Li + → ( Me3Si ) 3N + 3 LiCl
Using this approach , atmospheric nitrogen can be introduced into organic substrate . For example , tris ( trimethylsilyl ) amine reacts with α , δ , ω-triketones to give tricyclic pyrroles .
Reduction of trimethylsilyl chloride give hexamethyldisilane :
2 Me3SiCl + 2 Na → 2 NaCl + Me3Si-SiMe3
References
Reagents for organic chemistry
Trimethylsilyl compounds
Chlorosilanes
The R561 road is a regional road in Ireland . It is on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry . Part of the road is on the Wild Atlantic Way .
Inch Beach , beginning at the R561 , is a wide , sandy beach long . The beach dunes have yielded archaeological remains of ancient dwelling sites .
The R561 travels west from the N22 at Farranfore . The road joins the N70 from Brackhill to Castlemaine . The R561 continues west from Castlemaine along the north shore of Castlemaine Harbour to Inch and Inch Beach . The road then travels along the north shore of Dingle Bay before joining the N86 near Annascaul . The R561 is long .
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Kerry
National Route 124 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Chōshi , Chiba and Mito , Ibaraki in Japan , with total length has 88.1 km ( 54.74 mi ) .
See also
References
External links
124
Roads in Chiba Prefecture
Roads in Ibaraki Prefecture
The Indiana Intercollegiate Conference ( IIC ) was a college athletic conference in the United States from 1922 to 1950 . It consisted of schools in Indiana .
The charter members of the conference were Indiana State University , Butler University , DePauw University , Earlham College , Franklin , Hanover College and Rose-Hulman .
The following year , University of Indianapolis and Ball State University joined . By the late 1940s , virtually every Indiana college ; private or public was a member . The notable exceptions were Purdue University , Indiana University and the University of Notre Dame ;
it was at this time that the Conference splintered into two , the Indiana Collegiate Conference made up of the larger schools and the Hoosier College Conference , comprising the smaller schools . The Hoosier College Conference evolved into Indiana Collegiate Athletic Conference—now known as the Heartland Collegiate Athletic Conference—in 1987 .
History
Early years
The IIC was formed in July 1922 ; largely through the work of three officers , the athletic directors at Indiana State ( Birch Bayh ) , Purdue ( Nelson A. Kellogg ) and DePauw ( William M. Blanchard ) .
The IIC had many legendary players and coaches over the years . In basketball , John Wooden , Arad McCutchan , Tony Hinkle , and John Longfellow , all served as head coaches in the conference . Some notable IIC players included Duane Klueh , and Dick Atha .
Football was a conference sanctioned sport from 1934 to 1947 with the Butler Bulldogs dominating the conference by winning league titles from 1934 to 1940 , as well as in 1946 and 1947 .
The Indiana State Sycamores were the class of IIC baseball , winning titles in 1923 , 1924 , 1930 , 1946 , 1947 , 1949 under Birch Bayh , Walter E. Marks and Paul Wolf .
Final years
The late 1940s and early 1950s saw many of the conference 's athletic programs depart for other conferences , however many of the league 's larger college programs became part of the Indiana Collegiate Conference which existed until 1978 . The smaller schools formed the Hoosier College Conference , which evolved into the Indiana Collegiate Athletic Conference in 1987 and eventually the Heartland Collegiate Athletic Conference .
Members
Membership timeline
Subsequent conference affiliations
Conference champions
Men 's basketball
Indiana State won men 's basketball titles in 1947 , 1948 , 1949 and 1950 . In 1948 , Indiana State was the Runner-Up in the NAIA National title game . In 1950 , Indiana State won the NAIA National Title . DePauw won the conference title in the early 1930s ; Central Normal won consecutive titles in 1935-36 & 1936-37 .
Notable personalities in the history of the league include ; John Wooden , Cal Luther , Lee Hamilton , Tubby Moffett and Arad McCutchan .
Baseball
Indiana State won titles in 1923 , 1924 , 1930 , 1946 , 1947 , 1949 .
Football
Butler was the league powerhouse , winning titles in 1934 , 1935 , 1936 , 1937 , 1938 , 1939 , 1946 and 1947 ; they shared the title with Manchester University in 1940 .
No conference championship was awarded in 1943 and 1944 due to World War II .
Tennis
DePauw 's men 's tennis team of 1937 and 1941 won the conference title while going undefeated both seasons ; 8-0 in 1937 and 14-0 in 1941 . The 1941 edition swept the conference while also defeating several Big Ten and SEC opponents
See also
List of defunct college football conferences
Further reading
References
Sports organizations established in 1922
Organizations disestablished in 1950
1922 establishments in Indiana
1950 disestablishments in Indiana
Felix M. Keesing ( January 5 , 1902 – April 1961 ) was a New Zealand-born anthropologist who specialized in the study of the Philippine Islands and the South Pacific . He came to the United States in the 1940s and taught at Stanford University , California , 1942–1961 .
He and Marie Margaret Martin Keesing , also an anthropologist , were married in July 1928 . They had two sons , economist Donald Beaumont Keesing ( 1933–2004 ) and Roger Martin Keesing ( 1935–1993 ) , who also became an anthropologist .
Early life and family
Felix Keesing was born in Taiping , Perak , in what was then British Malaya , on January 5 , 1902 . Known to his friends as “ Fee , ” Keesing graduated from Auckland University College in 1926 with first-class honors in education . He was soon engaged to marry Marie Martin . During their engagement , setting a pattern they would follow throughout their lives , Marie collaborated with him as he rewrote his Master 's thesis for the 1928 publication The Changing Maori ( Thomas Avery & Son ) . Marie was not acknowledged as a co-author but described as a co-interlocutor , collaborator and companion . The family lived in Chicago , New Haven , London , Honolulu , Washington DC , before settling at Stanford University in 1942 . The Keesings took American citizenship in the 1940s . Felix Keesing died of a heart attack during a game of tennis in April 1961 at Stanford . Marie Keesing died three months later , on July 13 , 1961 .
Career and impact
Felix Keesing earned his A.B . in 1924 , his master 's degree in 1925 , and Litt . D in 1934 from the University of New Zealand . As a teenager , he had visited the United States on a scholarship as an artist . In Chicago he sketched life in poor neighborhoods and decided to become an anthropologist in order to understand why people behaved in the ways they did . After his marriage in 1928 , he received support from the Rockefeller Foundation to study first at the University of Chicago , then Yale University .
in 1930 Keesing was appointed to head a research project of the Institute of Pacific Relations that explored the Dependencies and Native Peoples of the Pacific . He published works on American Samoa and the Philippines for the project before going to the London School of Economics in 1933 , then to University of Hawaii in 1934 . He stayed in Hawaii for three years . In the 1930s , the Keesings also pursued research among the Menominee Indians of Wisconsin . Their 1939 study , The Menomini Indians of Wisconsin , reported that many features of Native American cultures that anthropologists had assumed to be `` aboriginal '' were in fact produced by interaction with European societies . At the time , however , the study did not receive the attention it deserved , probably because the field of anthropology did not yet appreciate the role of historical change in peoples they regarded as primitive .
On the eve of World War II spreading to the Pacific , Keesing 's The South Seas in the Modern World ( 1941 ) set out to `` define comprehensively the political , strategic , and economic role the Oceanic islands play in the world today , and especially the modern experience and problems of the people native to them . '' Keesing put his anthropological knowledge to work as the principal advisor on the South Pacific to the Office of War Information , which gathered intelligence and prepared briefings for the American military .
The Keesings came to Stanford in 1942 to participate in a training program for the United States Army , and Felix subsequently trained naval officers for service in the South Pacific . These programs continued his activities in the field of applied anthropology , that is , using scholarly knowledge for training and policy analysis . After the war , Keesing remained at Stanford , and became head of the Department of Anthropology . In addition to carrying out several missions to the South Pacific for the American government , Keesing published prolifically and was especially known for his studies of culture change .
He was elected president of the Association for Asian Studies in 1953 .
Major works
Notes
References
External links
Keesing , Felix Maxwell 1902–1961 WorldCat Authority Page .
1902 births
1961 deaths
American anthropologists
New Zealand anthropologists
University of New Zealand alumni
New Zealand emigrants to the United States
Stanford University Department of Anthropology faculty
People of the United States Office of War Information
20th-century anthropologists
Ellen Marie Corbett is an American Democratic politician from the San Francisco Bay Area . She served in the California State Senate , representing the 10th District , which included San Leandro , Hayward , Pleasanton , Union City , Fremont , Newark , Milpitas , and part of San Jose . She was the Senate Majority Leader .
Ellen Corbett was elected to the California State Assembly in the 1998 , and served there until 2004 , when she was termed out . She servedon the San Leandro City Council and was the first woman in the city 's history directly elected as Mayor . Corbett served as Mayor of San Leandro from 1994 to 1998 . Corbett has worked as an attorney , community college professor and civic activist . In 2016 , Corbett was elected as a Board Member of the East Bay Regional Park District .
Corbett attended Chabot Community College and California State University , East Bay . She graduated from the University of California , Davis and McGeorge Law School .
Corbett lives in San Leandro , California .
Senate 10th District
The 10th District encompasses the southern part of the East Bay , located directly south of California 's 9th State Senate district . As such , it includes the southern half of Alameda County and a portion of Santa Clara County .
2011 redistricting
After redistricting in 2011 by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission , the new 10th district now includes 40.7 % of Alameda County and 17.4 % of Santa Clara County . Cities in the district include Fremont , Hayward , Milpitas , and Santa Clara . The new boundaries will take effect in the 2014 election for the district , which Corbett is ineligible to run in due to term limits .
2014 US Congressional elections
Corbett termed out of the state senate seat in 2014 . In February 2013 , addressing the possibility of her running for Eric Swalwell 's seat in the US House of Representatives 15th congressional district , Corbett said `` I would be honored to serve in [ the United States ] Congress , but it 's too early to discuss 2014 . ''
After the 2013 legislative session , Corbett began campaigning against Swalwell , with the support of Pete Stark , who Swalwell defeated in 2012 . However , she finished in third by 0.5 % to Hugh Bussell , a technology manager/educator from Livermore , also in the race . Swalwell finished in the lead with almost 50 percent of the vote .
Legislative positions
Corbett has passed legislation to provide students with more information on student loan options , provide safeguards for car purchasers , and protect California homeowners who suffered during the nationwide housing crisis .
She has received an 87 % rating from Clean Water Action California in 2012 , and a 99 % lifetime rating from the California League of Conservation Voters .
Corbett has publicly advocated for restoring of full funding to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the 2012 U.S. Farm Bill , which had proposed cuts to the program .
Legislative honors
In 2008 , Corbett was named one of the Top 100 Attorneys in California and an Outstanding Legislator by the California State Sheriff 's Association . She has received honors from the California Labor Federation , the Consumer Federation of California , the American Cancer Society , the California Congress of Seniors , the Sierra Club of California , the Environmental Working Group , the California League of Conservation Voters , Clean Water Action California , and the Hindu American Foundation .
References
External links
Corbett at the Maplight.org campaign finance website
Corbett at the Votesmart.org website
Join California Ellen Corbett
American women lawyers
Women mayors of places in California
California Democrats
Lawyers from Oakland , California
California state senators
California State University , East Bay alumni
Educators from California
Living people
Mayors of places in California
People from San Leandro , California
McGeorge School of Law alumni
Members of the California State Assembly
Politicians from Oakland , California
University of California , Davis alumni
Women state legislators in California
People from Hayward , California
San Francisco Bay Area politicians
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Chabot College faculty
American women academics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Camas County is a county in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Idaho . The county seat and largest city is Fairfield . The county was established in 1917 by the Idaho Legislature with a partition of Blaine County on February 6 . It is named for the camas root , or Camassia , a lily-like plant with an edible bulb found in the region , that Native Americans and settlers used as a food source . As of the 2020 census , the population was 1,077 , making it the second-least populous county in the state , after Clark County .
Camas County is part of the Hailey , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Native presence on the Camas Prairie dates back over 11,000 years ago . The Shoshoni , Northern Piute , and Nez Perce migrated annually to the Camas Prairie to gather camas and yampa for their winter food storage . Explorer , Donald Mackenzie discovered the Camas Prairie by 1820 and the area slowly grew in importance as a travel route . Military escorts for wagon trains headed to Oregon started using the route through the Camas Prairie in 1852 . The route was later named Goodale Cutoff , for Timothy Goodale who first brought migrants through the Camas Prairie in 1862 . When the cavalry was stationed at Fort Boise the southern portion of the Camas Prairie was an important feeding ground for their horses . In 1869 , a treaty ratified by the US Senate provided a portion of the `` Kansas Prairie '' instead of the `` Camas Prairie '' to be retained by the Bannock Indians . The error may have made by the person who transcribed the treaty . Since there was no `` Kansas Prairie '' in Idaho , the treaty rights of the Bannocks were ignored . When they found a few settlers were allowing their hogs to feed on the Bannocks ' traditional food source , the camas root , they objected ( without results ) , which was a major cause of the Bannock War of 1878 .
The Camas Prairie was initially entirely within Alturas County when initial settlement started following the Bannock War . While the Lava mining district near Fairfield was active in the 1880s , Camas County 's settlements were primarily agricultural . By the fall of 1881 , over 60 farming operations were in existence . Town settlements at Crichton and Soldier occurred almost simultaneously in 1884 . Corral was settled no later than 1886 . The Camas Prairie became part of Logan County when it was formed in 1889 with the mountainous area north of the prairie remaining within Alturas County . At the 1890 Census , Alturas County contained the Little Smoky precinct with 95 residents while Logan County contained the Corral , Crichton , Soldier , and Spring Creek precincts with a combined population of 805 . In 1891 , the Idaho Legislature attempted to transfer all five Camas precincts to a new county named Alta . The Idaho Supreme Court found the act unconstitutional . Blaine County included all five Camas precincts when it was organized in 1895 . The settlement at Crichton was abandoned in 1896 . The decline at Crichton , led to a slight decline to 836 residents within the five Camas precincts at the 1890 census . By 1910 , the precincts more than doubled to reach a population of 1,804 residents . A railroad reached the Camas Prairie in 1911 and ran through what is now Fairfield . The railroad 's arrival led the majority of settlement in Soldier to locate to what became known as Fairfield .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water . The highest point is Camas County Highpoint at , on the county 's northern border with Blaine County .
Adjacent counties
Blaine County - east
Lincoln County - southeast
Gooding County - south
Elmore County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 991 people , 396 households , and 287 families living in the county . The population density was 0.8 people per square mile ( 0.3/km2 ) . There were 601 housing units at an average density of 0.6 per square mile ( 0.2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.16 % White , 1.21 % Black or African American , 0.30 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.91 % from other races , and 2.22 % from two or more races . 5.55 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 20.5 % were of German , 18.1 % American , 15.4 % English and 7.4 % Irish ancestry .
There were 396 households , out of which 30.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.20 % were married couples living together , 4.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.50 % were non-families . 22.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.92 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.70 % under the age of 18 , 6.60 % from 18 to 24 , 28.20 % from 25 to 44 , 27.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 104.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 102.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 34,167 , and the median income for a family was $ 40,156 . Males had a median income of $ 30,500 versus $ 21,563 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,550 . About 7.20 % of families and 8.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.20 % of those under age 18 and 8.50 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 1,117 people , 487 households , and 326 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 831 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.1 % white , 0.5 % American Indian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.1 % Asian , 1.8 % from other races , and 3.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 24.8 % were German , 20.2 % were American , 15.1 % were English , 8.8 % were Irish , and 7.3 % were Swedish .
Of the 487 households , 28.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.3 % were married couples living together , 5.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 33.1 % were non-families , and 28.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.77 . The median age was 44.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,145 and the median income for a family was $ 43,092 . Males had a median income of $ 39,022 versus $ 25,938 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,659 . About 14.1 % of families and 16.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 28.0 % of those under age 18 and 4.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
City
Fairfield
Unincorporated communities
Corral
Hill City
Soldier
Politics
With its small and mostly white population , Camas County is one of the most consistently Republican counties in Idaho , having last backed Democrats in 1960 , when it voted for John F. Kennedy . The county is also well known for its large third-party voteshares in elections . In 1992 , Independent Ross Perot got 29.84 % of the vote . In 1996 , Reform Party Ross Perot got 17.46 % . In 2000 , Reform Party candidate Patrick Buchanan got 3.94 % . In 2016 , Evan McMullin got 5.59 % .
Transportation
U.S. Highway 20 runs east–west through the county 's center , at elevations just over above sea level , connecting west to Mountain Home in Elmore County ; to the east it intersects State Highway 75 in Blaine County . The northern terminus of State Highway 46 is at US-20 , east of Fairfield ; it runs south over the Mount Bennett Hills into Gooding County and on to Gooding .
Recreation
The Soldier Mountain ski area , opened in 1948 , is north of Fairfield , in the Soldier Mountains of the Sawtooth National Forest .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Camas County , Idaho
County Assessor Parcel Map
Notes
References
1917 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1917
Jennica Haikarainen ( born 1 August 1989 ) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player . She played her senior career in the Naisten SM-sarja with the Tampereen Ilves ; in the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ; called Riksserien until 2016 ) with Linköping HC , Modo Hockey , and HV71 ; and in the Division 1 with Sundsvall/Timrå and IF Björklöven . Haikarainen won a bronze medal with the Finnish national team at the 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Finnish women 's ice hockey forwards
Linköping HC Dam players
Ilves Naiset players
Modo Hockey Dam players
HV71 Dam players
Finnish ice hockey centres
`` Spectre '' is a song by the English rock band Radiohead , released on 25 December 2015 . It was produced by Nigel Godrich , and written for the 2015 James Bond film Spectre , but went unused .
Radiohead initially submitted another song for the film , `` Man of War '' , written in the 1990s . It was rejected by the producers as it had not been written for the film and was therefore ineligible for the Academy Award for Best Original Song . Radiohead suspended work on their ninth album , A Moon Shaped Pool ( 2016 ) , to record another song , `` Spectre '' , an orchestral ballad . However , the producers felt it did not fit the film , and instead used `` Writing 's on the Wall '' by Sam Smith .
Radiohead released `` Spectre '' as a free download , their first release since 2011 . It was also included as a B-side on the 2016 single `` Burn the Witch '' and the special edition of A Moon Shaped Pool . It received positive reviews .
Writing and recording
In 2015 , rumours spread that Radiohead would record the theme for the upcoming James Bond film Spectre . In July , the bookmaker William Hill suspended bets after a customer placed £15,000 at ten-to-one odds on Radiohead . A William Hill spokesperson said : `` There seem to be all kinds of rumours and the plot has had more twists and turns than a classic Bond tale , but surely nobody risks £15,000 on a hunch . ''
Radiohead submitted `` Man of War '' , a song written in the 1990s which singer Thom Yorke once described as a homage to Bond themes . The Spectre production team liked the song , but rejected it when they discovered it had not been written for the film and was therefore ineligible for the Academy Award for Best Original Song . `` Man of War '' was instead released on OKNOTOK 1997 2017 , the 2017 OK Computer reissue .
Radiohead suspended work on their ninth album , A Moon Shaped Pool ( 2016 ) , to record another song for the film , `` Spectre '' . However , the production team felt it was too melancholy for the title sequence , and instead used `` Writing 's on the Wall '' by Sam Smith . Director Sam Mendes attempted to use `` Spectre '' elsewhere in the film , but decided its lyrics made it distracting . He described the situation as `` an utter nightmare ... We had this beautiful song and we were n't able to use it . But it 's somehow cooler for Radiohead to have written a song that was n't used . ''
Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich described the experience as a `` real waste of energy '' , and that it `` caused a stop right when we were in the middle '' of work on the album . Yorke said the decision not to use the song was `` just politics as far as I can tell '' . Guitarist Jonny Greenwood said in a BBC interview :
Composition
`` Spectre '' is an orchestral ballad that features Yorke 's falsetto with `` jerky '' piano chords , strings , and jazz-like drums .
Release
Radiohead released `` Spectre '' on the audio platform SoundCloud on Christmas Day 2015 . Yorke announced the song on Twitter , writing : `` Last year we were asked to write a tune for Bond movie Spectre . Yes we were . It did n't work out ... but became something of our own which we love very much . As the year closes we thought you might like to hear it . Merry Christmas . '' It was the first Radiohead release since the 2011 single `` Daily Mail '' / `` Staircase '' .
`` Spectre '' was included as the B-side on Radiohead 's 2016 vinyl single `` Burn the Witch '' . It was also included as a bonus track on the special edition of Radiohead 's album A Moon Shaped Pool .
Reception
Variety wrote that `` Spectre '' has `` Radiohead 's signature moody sound , with a somber sweeping grandeur that might have fit well into the Bond song canon '' . Pitchfork named it the week 's `` Best New Music '' , and wrote that it has `` all the melodrama of a good Bond song but only a hint of the kitsch ... [ It is ] one of the finest Radiohead songs in some years , much more than a one-off curiosity . '' Pitchfork said it was reminiscent of Radiohead 's 2001 single `` Pyramid Song '' . Chris DeVille of Stereogum picked `` Spectre '' as one of the week 's best songs , writing that it was `` beautiful '' and a reminder that `` Radiohead still have life left in them '' . After `` Writing 's on the Wall '' won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song the following week , DeVille wrote that `` Spectre '' was `` the more masterful of the two tracks '' .
Release history
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
2010s ballads
Pop ballads
Radiohead songs
Songs from James Bond films
The tiny settlement of Pūponga in New Zealand is the northernmost settlement in the South Island . It is in the Tasman District , north of Collingwood , at the foot of Farewell Spit . The spit 's airstrip , Triangle Flat Airstrip is just northeast of Pūponga . The settlement of Pūponga is inland ; the settlement located on the coast is called Port Pūponga .
Just to the northeast of the village , a car park at a cafe is the starting point for tours of Farewell Spit . Popular walks in the area include short walks to Cape Farewell , the northernmost point of the South Island , and to Wharariki Beach .
References
Populated places in the Tasman District
Populated places around Golden Bay / Mohua
Antonio Sbardella ( 17 October 1925 – 14 January 2002 ) was an Italian football player , referee and sports official . He is best known for refereeing at the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
Career
Born in Palestrina near Rome , Sbardella first got involved in football playing as a goalkeeper at youth levels of the local powerhouse Lazio . However Sbardella never appeared in the Serie A as he failed to rise through the ranks at Lazio , and he eventually finished his playing career at Artiglio , a small Rome-based Serie C club .
He then took up refereeing , and in his domestic career he officiated a total of 167 Serie A matches . Along with Concetto Lo Bello he was considered one of the top two Italian referees of the 1960s and 1970s .
The pinnacle of his career came at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico , in which he refereed two matches , including the third place play-off between West Germany and Uruguay . Sbardella had been designated to referee the final , but was eventually replaced by East Germany 's Rudi Glöckner because Italy national football team had reached the final .
In club football his highlights include officiating two Coppa Italia finals ( the 1963 final between Atalanta and Torino and the 1966 final between Catanzaro and Fiorentina ) , and the second leg of the 1967 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup final between Leeds United and Dinamo Zagreb .
After retiring from refereeing , Sbardella became a Sport Manager . He managed at Lazio , Roma and Triestina football clubs in the 1970s and 1980s . The greatest satisfactions came from the period spent at Lazio , when together with Tommaso Maestrelli , he managed to build an unrepeatable superb team with many unruly talents , who kept at bay but gave to the club of president Lenzini the Italian championship of 1974 .
References
External links
1925 births
2002 deaths
People from Palestrina
Italian football referees
FIFA World Cup referees
1970 FIFA World Cup referees
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
The name Neneng has been used for thirteen tropical cyclones in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific .
Typhoon Faye ( 1963 ) ( T6313 , 28W , Neneng ) – struck Hong Kong killing 3 people .
Tropical Depression Neneng ( 1967 )
Typhoon Harriet ( 1971 ) ( T7112 , 12W , Neneng ) – traversed the Philippines and made landfall near the demilitarized zone between North and South Vietnam as a Category 4-equivalent typhoon .
Tropical Depression Neneng ( 1975 ) – did not affect land .
Typhoon Judy ( 1979 ) ( Neneng ) – struck China and South Korea .
Tropical Depression Neneng ( 1983 ) – short-lived tropical depression that was only recognized by PAGASA and the Hong Kong Observatory .
Typhoon Gerald ( 1987 ) ( T8714 , 14W , Neneng ) – approached Taiwan and struck China .
Typhoon Kinna ( 1991 ) ( T9117 , 19W , Neneng ) – struck Japan .
Typhoon Ward ( 1995 ) ( T9518 , 26W , Neneng ) – powerful typhoon that stayed at sea .
Typhoon York ( 1999 ) ( T9915 , 21W , Neneng ) – struck China and Hong Kong .
Tropical Storm Bebinca ( 2006 ) ( T0616 , 19W , Neneng ) – led to 33 people dead or missing after becoming an extratropical low .
Typhoon Phanfone ( 2014 ) ( T1418 , 18W , Neneng )
Tropical Storm Barijat ( 2018 ) ( T1823 , 27W , Neneng )
Pacific typhoon set index articles
Michaela Uhrová ( born 10 April 1982 in Brandýs nad Labem-Stará Boleslav ) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
References
1982 births
Living people
People from Brandýs nad Labem-Stará Boleslav
Czech women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Shannon Harbour a small village on the banks of the Grand Canal of Ireland .
The village has the ( ) older/regional name Cluain Uaine Bheag meaning 'Clononey Beg ' or 'little Clononey ' after the distance and population and low laying land of the area in comparison to the other side of a stream off the River Brosna , this townsland is called Cluain Uaine Mhor/ Clononey Mor/ 'Big Clononey ' .
The village has docking facilities and two pubs , McIntyre 's and the Canal Bar . The Shannon Harbour boat rally is organised by the Shannon Harbour branch of the IWAI each year since 1971 . The Shannon Harbour area lies between Griffith Bridge , a sharp hump-back twist over the Grand Canal and the Railway Bridge , a loop - around bridge over a hidden , derelict , railway .
The village is known as the place where the Shannon , Brosna and Grand Canal meet ; a fishing destination for salmon , perch and pike .
In popular culture
There is an Irish tune by the name Uaine Bheagby the Irish group Slide .
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Towns and villages in County Offaly
River Shannon
The Two Rivers Correctional Institution is a state prison for men located in Umatilla , Umatilla County , Oregon on the Columbia River , owned and operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections .
The facility opened in 1999 , was completed in 2000 , and holds a maximum of 1632 inmates at a mix of medium and minimum security levels .
Notable inmates
Living inmates
Jeremy Joseph Christian ( born 1982 ) was the perpetrator of the 2017 Portland train attack . Sentenced to two consecutive life sentences without parole .
Josue Perez-Patricio ( born 1999 ) was convicted of sexual abuse and unlawful sexual penetration of an 8 year old child , while he was still a teenager of in Tigard Oregon . He abused his own 8 year old niece , 6 year old nephew and another child ; age unknown . Sentenced in 2018 , to be released in 2029 .
Ward Francis Weaver III ( born 1963 ) was the convicted killer of two teenage girls , Ashley Pond and Miranda Gaddis , in Oregon City , OR , in 2002 . Weaver is currently serving 2 Life Sentences for the murders .
Jeffrey Paul Cutlip ( born 1949 ) was convicted of murdering two women and a teenage girl in the Portland metropolitan area between 1975 and 1993 . He is currently serving a life sentence without parole .
References
External links
local press description
Prisons in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Umatilla County , Oregon
1999 establishments in Oregon
Kyle Troup ( born June 11 , 1991 ) is an American professional ten-pin bowler residing in Taylorsville , North Carolina . He uses the two-handed shovel-style delivery with a dominant right hand . Troup says he needed two hands when learning to throw the ball as a young child , calling himself self-taught in that regard .
Troup has been a member of the Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) since 2008 , and began completing full-time on the PBA Tour in 2015 . He won his first national PBA Tour title at the 2015 PBA Wolf Open and has nine PBA Tour titles to date , including one major championship and two wins in the PBA Playoffs . Since 2018 , Troup also competes internationally as a member of Team USA .
With his $ 100,000 win at the PBA Playoffs on May 16 , 2021 , Troup set the PBA 's single-season earnings record with $ 469,200 , surpassing the $ 419,700 earned by Walter Ray Williams Jr. in the 2002–03 season . Troup would finish the 2021 season with $ 496,900 in earnings . At the PBA Tour Finals on June 5 , 2022 , Troup bowled the 33rd televised 300 game in PBA Tour history .
Troup is a member of the Storm and Vise Grips pro staffs .
Amateur career
As a teenager , Troup was one of the youngest-ever members of the North Carolina All Stars team , bowling in events across South Carolina and Georgia in addition to his home state .
On January 7 , 2018 , Troup finished as the top qualifier at the United States Bowling Congress Team USA Trials , making the team for the first time in his career . At the 2018 World Bowling Tour Men 's Championships in Hong Kong ( held November 24–December 5 ) , he won a gold medal in trios with teammates Andrew Anderson and E. J. Tackett .
Troup and his Team USA teammates won the 2019 Weber Cup over Team Europe . Troup bowled in ten matches over the 32-match event , going 5–0 in singles , 0–3 in doubles , and 1–1 in team . In the 2020 Weber Cup , Troup and Team USA again defeated Team Europe , 23–18 . Overall in the 2020 event , Troup participated in 14 of 41 matches , going 3–3 in singles , 2–4 in doubles , and 1–1 in team . At the 2021 Weber Cup , the USA was defeated by Team Europe , 18–17 . Troup participated in 10 of 35 matches , going 0–4 in singles , 2–0 in doubles , and 0–3 in team .
PBA career
Said to be one of the PBA 's premier two-handed bowlers , Troup sometimes uses an older-technology urethane bowling ball on shorter oil patterns . Troup has made 27 PBA championship round appearances through the 2021 season , and owns ten PBA Regional titles . He has rolled 16 career 300 games in PBA competition through July 2020 .
Early career
Troup spent his first five years as a PBA member bowling mostly in PBA Regional Tour events close to home , while he worked his regular job managing a Wendy 's restaurant . He won his first Regional title at age 19 in the 2010 Fort Jackson ( SC ) Non-Champion Regional . He was named PBA Southern Region Player of the Year in both 2013 and 2014 .
2015
In 2015 , Troup decided to bowl more events on the national PBA Tour , and made it to the championship round ( the final stage of a PBA tournament ) four times . He won the 2015 PBA Wolf Open in Shawnee , Oklahoma for his first PBA Tour title . He finished eighth in the South Shore PBA/PBA50 doubles with PBA50 player Jerry Brunette Jr .
2016
In 2016 , Troup finished second in the Downums Waste Services Xtra Frame Open , and fourth in the Gene Carter 's Pro Shop Classic .
2017
Troup 's second PBA Tour title came on April 16 , 2017 in the Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship , where he teamed with left-handed two-hander Jesper Svensson for the title . His only other TV finals appearance in 2017 was at the PBA World Championship major , where he finished fourth .
2018
On January 28 , 2018 , Troup made it to the final match of the DHC PBA Japan Invitational , but finished runner-up to top seed Dominic Barrett . Troup won his third PBA title on September 9 , 2018 at the Storm Lucky Larsen Masters in Malmö , Sweden , defeating reigning PBA Player of the Year Jason Belmonte in the final match .
2019
Kyle was a member of the Portland Lumberjacks team , winners of the 2019 PBA League competition . He made a career-high five championship round appearances in 2019 , but did not win an individual title .
2020
Troup won his fourth PBA Tour title at the 2020 PBA Jonesboro Open on February 1 . As the # 1 seed for the stepladder finals , he defeated Chris Barnes in his sole championship match appearance , 290–269 . Troup won his fifth PBA Tour title at the 2020 Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship on February 29 . As the # 1 seeds for the final round , Troup and partner Jesper Svensson defeated E. J. Tackett and Marshall Kent , 234–205 . This was the second Roth-Holman doubles title for the Troup-Svensson duo , who also won this event in 2017 . On July 19 , Troup claimed his sixth PBA Tour title at the 2020 PBA Tour Finals held in Jupiter , Florida . After topping Kris Prather in the semifinals , Troup defeated Anthony Simonsen in the championship round . In both rounds , Troup lost the first game of the double-elimination match , then rallied back to win the second game and the 9th/10th frame roll-off . Troup also rolled a 299 game in the televised seeding round of this competition , leaving a 2-pin standing on his twelfth and final shot after eleven strikes . Despite the COVID-shortened 2020 season , Troup cashed a career-high $ 135,300 .
2021 : first major , season earnings record and Player of the Year
Troup won the East Region finals for the 2021 PBA Players Championship , qualifying him for the championship stepladder . He then went on to capture the title and record-tying $ 250,000 top prize on February 21 , winning from the # 1 seed position over # 3 seed Dick Allen . This was Troup 's seventh PBA title and first major championship . Based on points earned during the first nine events of the 2021 season , Troup earned the # 1 seed for the PBA Tour Playoffs , which ran April 24 to May 16 . He made it to the final round and defeated Sam Cooley , three games to one , to earn his second title of the season , eighth title overall , and the $ 100,000 winner 's share . The earnings pushed Troup to $ 469,200 on the season , surpassing the previous PBA single-season earnings record of $ 419,700 set by Walter Ray Williams Jr. in 2002–03 . Troup 's total 2021 earnings were $ 496,900 . Troup has also set personal bests with 13 match play rounds , nine top-ten finishes , and eight championship round appearances .
In a landslide vote , Troup won the Chris Schenkel PBA Player of the Year award for the 2021 season . While topping the Tour in earnings , Troup also collected 19,922.5 points to easily win the Harry Smith PBA Points Leader award .
2022 : PBA Playoffs repeat and Best Bowler ESPY
In early 2022 , Troup was voted to receive the Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award , which has been given annually since 2006 by the Bowling Proprietors Association of America ( BPAA ) to `` the bowling athlete who has consistently shown grace on and off the lanes by promoting the sport of bowling in a positive manner . ''
Despite not winning a title through the first thirteen events of the 2022 season , Troup accumulated enough points to earn the # 9 seed for the PBA Playoffs . After defeating Sean Rash in the Round of 16 , he defeated former Playoffs champions Bill O'Neill ( quarterfinals ) and Kris Prather ( semifinals ) to once again make it to the final round . In the `` race to three points '' finals , he defeated Tommy Jones , three games to one , to earn his first title of the season and ninth title overall , while also becoming the first player to win back-to-back Playoffs championships . The win also pushed Troup over the $ 1,000,000 mark in career PBA earnings . He bowled the 33rd televised 300 game in PBA Tour history at the PBA Tour Finals on June 5 , 2022 .
On July 10 , Troup 's PBA League team , the Portland Lumberjacks , won the Elias Cup , after which Troup was named League MVP . Troup later outlasted 11 other players to win the PBA Strike Derby , a non-title special event held in conjunction with the PBA League competition .
On July 20 , Troup won the ESPY Award for Best Bowler .
PBA Tour titles
Major championships are in bold type .
2015 PBA Wolf Open ( Shawnee , Oklahoma )
2017 Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship w/Jesper Svensson ( Portland , Maine )
2018 Storm Lucky Larsen Masters ( Malmö , Sweden )
2020 PBA Jonesboro Open ( Jonesboro , Arkansas )
2020 Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship w/Jesper Svensson ( Indianapolis , Indiana )
2020 PBA Tour Finals ( Jupiter , Florida )
2021 PBA Players Championship ( Jupiter , Florida )
2021 Kia PBA Playoffs ( Milford , Connecticut )
2022 Kia PBA Playoffs ( Jupiter , Florida )
Non-title PBA wins
2022 PBA Strike Derby
Awards and records
PBA Southern Region Player of the Year ( 2013 )
PBA Southern Region Player of the Year ( 2014 )
Chris Schenkel PBA Player of the Year ( 2021 )
Harry Smith PBA Points Leader ( 2021 )
Highest earnings in a single PBA Tour season ( $ 496,900 in 2021 )
BPAA Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award ( 2022 )
PBA League Most Valuable Player ( 2022 )
Best Bowler ESPY Award ( 2022 )
Personal
Kyle is the son of eight-time PBA Tour winner Guppy Troup , the two constituting the fourth father-son pair to each win PBA Tour titles ( following Dick and Pete Weber , Don and Jimmy Johnson , and Don and Eugene McCune ) .
Troup has become one of the more recognized players on tour due to his throwback Afro hairdo , Partridge Family bus-styled attire , and other unique choices of trousers , similar to his father who was known for his flamboyant public persona . Kyle 's nicknames on Tour are `` Afro Fish '' , `` The Pro with the Fro '' , and the `` Bob Ross of Bowling '' .
After being knocked out of the 2019 PBA Tour Playoffs in the second round , Troup provided analysis for the final four and championship finals live broadcasts ( aired June 1 and 2 on Fox ) , along with Jason Belmonte and the regular PBA broadcast team of Rob Stone and Randy Pedersen .
PBA career statistics
Statistics are through July 2022 .
+CRA = Championship Round Appearances
References
External links
Troup 's profile page at PBA.com
Living people
1991 births
American ten-pin bowling players
People from Taylorsville , North Carolina
Place of birth missing ( living people )
A half tide dock is a partially tidal dock . Typically the dock is entered at high tide . As the tide ebbs a sill or weir prevents the level dropping below a certain point , meaning that the ships in the dock remain afloat , although they still rise and fall with the tides above this . Half tide docks are particularly useful in areas with a large tidal range .
The sill of a half tide dock must be set sufficiently far below the daily high tide mark to allow ships to pass over it . Obviously this was easier to achieve with small ships of shallow draught , or in areas with a large tidal range . Inside the dock , the depth of water beneath the sill 's level depends only on the depth to which the dock was excavated , although this obviously increases construction costs .
The importance of the sill , and the tide 's height above it , is reflected by these dock sills becoming an important local datum level and for tide tables being calculated for heights above it ( i.e . clear draught in and out of the dock ) . This importance has often continued for many years after the original sill had been replaced , as at Sharpness on the Severn Estuary , or where the dock had disappeared entirely , such as Old Dock Sill in Liverpool .
See also
Floating dock , a dock where pumps , or incoming river flow , are used to maintain the docks at a high level .
References
Coastal construction
Docks ( maritime )
The riverside wren ( Cantorchilus semibadius ) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae . It is found in Costa Rica and Panama .
Taxonomy and systematics
The riverside wren has sometimes been treated as conspecific with bay wren ( Cantorchilus nigricapillus ) but their plumages are quite different as are DNA analyses . The species is monotypic .
Description
The riverside wren is long and weighs . The adults have a bright orange-brown crown ; chestnut nape , back , and rump ; and a blackish tail with buff-white bars . They have a black-over-white supercilium and the rest of the face is streaked and spotted black and white . From throat to vent their underparts are pale gray with narrow black bars ; the gray becomes somewhat buffy to the rear . Juveniles are duller overall , have fine black scaling on the crown , and the underparts ' black bars are not as crisp .
Distribution and habitat
The riverside wren is found along the Pacific slope from Costa Rica 's Gulf of Nicoya into western Panama . It inhabits dense vegetation , preferably along watercourses , swampy edges of woodlands , or on steep precipices . In elevation it ranges from sea level to .
Behavior
Feeding
The riverside wren forages near the ground , usually in pairs or family groups . It sometimes briefly joins other species at army ant swarms . Its diet includes insects and other invertebrates .
Breeding
The riverside wren appears to nest at almost any time of the year . Its nest is globular made of fine fibers ; it drapes over a branch to form two chambers with an entrance hole in the outer one . It is often placed over flowing water , above it or the ground . The species also constructs `` dormitory '' nests for roosting . The clutch size is two .
Vocalization
Both sexes of riverside wren sing , repeated `` loud ringing phrases '' and followed by different phrases , also repeated . Their calls include `` harsh churr and various clear tinkling notes '' .
status
The IUCN has assessed the riverside wren as being of The Least Concern . However , its `` population trend is difficult to determine because of uncertainty over the impacts of habitat modification on population sizes . ''
References
Further reading
riverside wren
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
riverside wren
riverside wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eurelectric ( full name : The Union of the Electricity Industry ) is the sector association which represents the common interests of the electricity industry at a European level , plus its affiliates and associates on several other continents . Together these organisations employ 970,000 people in the European Union and have a turnover of €627 billion . Formally established in 1989 , Eurelectric covers all major issues affecting the sector , from generation and markets to distribution networks and customer issues .
Today , Eurelectric 's main objectives are the realisation of a carbon-neutral electricity mix in Europe well before mid-century , to ensure a cost-efficient , reliable power supply through an integrated market , and the development of energy efficiency and electrification to mitigate climate change .
Eurelectric hosts the Power Summit , an Annual Conference dedicated to European energy policy .
Organizational structure
Eurelectric is led by a President and two Vice Presidents , who are elected to two-year terms , and a Board of Directors . The Secretary-General leads the Secretariat , which consists of several organisational units employing an international staff of approximately forty people . There are five professional committees and about twenty working groups .
Eurelectric is a signatory to the EU Transparency Register .
Recognition
Eurelectric has attracted accolades for its engagement on climate files , with InfluenceMap , an independent think tank , saying in July 2021 :
“ Deeper research covering a group of 20 key industry associations ' recent engagement with the EU Commission 's Fit for 55 package shows that the power sector has evolved into a leading advocate of an ambitious European climate agenda , with Eurelectric , the utility sector 's primary representative at the EU level , supported by highly progressive , renewables-focused groups . ”
It has also been recognised by its peers as a leading association winning the following recent awards :
Best Online Conference/Event , International & European Association Awards 2021
Best Communications Campaign , International & European Association Awards 2020
Publications
Each year Eurelectric produces several policy papers covering a variety of the issues concerning the electricity industry , these can be produced by Eurelectric 's Secretariat and membership or in partnership with external partners .
Recent publications include :
Decarbonisation Pathways ( November 2018 )
E-quality : Shaping an inclusive energy transition ( June 2020 )
Ports : Green gateways to Europe ( July 2020 )
Connecting the dots : Distribution grid investment to power the energy transition ( January 2021 )
Accelerating fleet electrification in Europe : When does reinventing the wheel make perfect sense ? ( February 2021 )
Power2People ( November 2021 )
Power sector accelerating e-mobility : can utilities turn EVs into a grid asset ? ( February 2022 )
Since 2019 , Eurelectric has published the Power Barometer an annual report that compiles industry data on the sector 's progress toward carbon neutrality .
Membership
Eurelectric currently has over 34 full members , representing the electricity industry in 32 European countries and speaking for more than 3,500 companies in power generation , distribution and supply .
Eurelectric also cooperates with over 40 corporations outside of traditional utilities that have an interest in electrification . Collaboration involves exchanging market experiences , exploring challenges and solutions , and sharing business intelligence . Such activity is carried out through one of Eurelectric 's three business platforms .
Beyond Digital Platform – An AI and digitalisation workstream focused on unlocking AI and digital technology 's potential in the power sector .
24/7 RES Task Force – The task-force aims to accelerate power-system decarbonisation by moving towards 24/7 matching in corporate renewable electricity sourcing and market integration . It was launched in partnership with RE-Source platform .
EVision Business Hub – Connects automakers , charging-point operators , fleet owners , utilities , and technology providers to discuss how to accelerate the uptake of e-mobility across Europe .
References
External links
Electric power in Europe
Electric power industry organizations
International energy organizations
Pan-European trade and professional organizations
Orophus tessellatus , the false leaf katydid , is a species of katydid native to Mexico , Central America , and South America . It is in the large subfamily Phaneropterinae within the tribe Amblycoryphini . Its coloring varies from brown to green , some with spots , mottling , or uniform in coloration . The body length reaches in males and in females . The ovipositor is approximate in length . The species is characterized by the size of the forewings and their `` dirty '' coloring .
It was originally described in 1861 as Phylloptera ( Orophus ) tessellata . The holotype is a female from Oaxaca , Mexico . It is part of the Orophus tessellatus species group , which also contains the species Orophus andinus and Orophus conspersus .
References
Phaneropterinae
Orthoptera of North America
Orthoptera of South America
Insects described in 1861
Summit Lake is a lake in Langlade County , Wisconsin , in the United States . The community of Summit Lake is located primarily along its northern and eastern shores .
Summit Lake was named for its lofty elevation .
See also
List of lakes in Wisconsin
References
Lakes of Wisconsin
Lakes of Langlade County , Wisconsin
Pittsville is an unincorporated area that formerly held a distinct community in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States . The site is along Farm to Market Road 359 near Hunt Road and is nineteen miles northwest of Richmond , Texas and three miles north of Fulshear . Some consider Pittsville a Texas ghost town since its last residents left in the 1940s . The area is growing as Greater Houston stretches westward into the Katy–Fulshear–Simonton area .
History
Texas Historical Markers
There is a Texas Historical Commission marker on the west side of FM 359 a short distance north of the intersection of FM359 and Hunt Road : Planters preferring the prairie to the hazardous Brazos River bottoms settled this village in the 1840s . Named for store owners A. R. and Amanda ( Wade ) Pitts , it was a major commercial center by 1860 . During the Civil War , the Pittsville Home Guard and Confederate cavalry units , which helped recapture Galveston , camped in the area . Notable residents included Robert Locke Harris and A . A. Laurence , Confederate surgeons ; William Sheriff and J. Wesson Parker , Texas legislators and Fort Bend County judges ; and John Huggins , innovator of horseracing techniques . The arrival of a new railroad to the south in 1888 , and the subsequent founding of Fulshear , resulted in the gradual decline and eventual disappearance of Pittsville by the late 1940s . Another account of Pittsville history explains : The settlement began to grow when early plantation owners , finding it impossible to live in the swampy , though fertile , Brazos River bottoms , built their homes on the high prairie lands away from the threat of floods . The settlement was named for the Pitts family , who operated a store and distributed the mail . All the people up the Brazos River who did not get their mail at Richmond were included in Pittsville . The 1860 census listed some 240 people living in Pittsville . Farming and stock raising were the main occupations , but also listed were wagoners , carpenters , schoolteachers , a brick mason , an engineer , a minister , a merchant , a clerk , a physician , a wheelwright , a machinist , an artesian-well borer , and other workers . As the years passed the town had several general stores , as well as a blacksmith shop , a millinery shop , a photo studio , and a two-story school or academy . Pittsville acquired a post office on May 31 , 1870 , with Mrs. Lucy Upton and postmistress . The post office was discontinued on June 15 , 1889 , because the San Antonio and Aransas Pass Railroad had bypassed the community , the town of Fulshear had been established , and the people of Pittsville were moving to Fulshear to be near the railroad . The last residents of Pittsville were Mrs. Alice ( J. R. ) Nesbitt and her daughter , Doris , who moved away in 1947 . Since that time the only evidences of Pittsville are an abandoned cistern and a clump of trees . Prominent Pittsville families included the Bains , Walkers , Nesbitts , Cumings , Hugginses , Brookshires , Harrises and Pools .
Confederate Army enlistees and supporters
Oral history that has been captured revels that Pittsville residents openly support the Confederate Army in the US Civil War.James Ashley Davis was a handsome , happy-go-lucky , man from Pittsville who was kind to both men and animals . When he was still a young man , he joined the Confederacy and engaged in the Civil War . Accompanied by a man servant , he rode off too battle mounted on a grey horse . When his friends suggested that he made a good target on a grey horse , he said he did not think the Yankee soldiers were marksmen . He was mistaken , however , as he was wounded several times . One of his wounds was through the mouth and would appear as dimples on both cheeks for the rest of his life . Davis fought at Shiloh and Murfreesboro , Tennessee , before returning to home to recover from his wounds . Once healed , he rejoined the fighting until the war ended . It 's told he was a sober Christian man who was trusted by local ranchers to drive their cattle to market . He made several trips over the trails with Texas Longhorns to the rail head at Abilene , Kansas . While living in a ranch house at Foster , Davis died in 1906 .
Postmasters , 1870–1889
As mentioned above , Pittsville acquired a post office on May 31 , 1870 and was discontinued on June 15 , 1889 when most residents moved three miles south to be near the new railroad depot built in Fulshear .
The following served as a Pittsville Postmaster :
Lucy Upton , May 31 , 1870 – Oct 25 , 1871 ; ( re-established ) Nov 20 , 1871 – Mar 5 , 1873
Thomas Russell , Mar 5 , 1873 – Apr 24 , 1873
Cliff Axson , ( re-established ) Sept 20,1877 – Apr 26 , 1880
Warren Miller , Apr 26 , 1880 – Jan 25 , 1881
William Sims , Jan 25 , 1881 – Oct 1 , 1884
Warren Miller , Oct 1 , 1884 – Jun 8 , 1888
Wade M Robinson , Jun 8 , 1888 – May 28 , 1889
In being discontinued 28 May 1889 ; the Postmaster papers were sent to Leslie in Waller County .
The 1888 Shooting of Lamar Johnson
Around 11 pm on Saturday , October 13 , 1888 , an incident reflecting deep socio-political divisions occurred at the Liberty Hope Church , which was in the vicinity of Pittsville . While local black residents gathered for a church festival , half a dozen white men rode up to the church and called out for two local black politicians , Taylor Randon and his half-brother Lamar Johnson . As Randon and Johnson came out of the Church and headed toward the bushes , the white men opened fire injuring Randon 's hand and killing Johnson . Randon supposedly had made some anti-Jaybird comments early that evening in Richmond , Texas where the county government was located . After this incident , Randon supposedly fled the county to Houston out of fear for his life .
The six young white men arrested by the local sheriff were members of the Fort Bend County Jaybirds , who were predominantly white and used violent means like this killing to remove the Woodpeckers , who were predominantly black with some white allies , from running the county government . Those arrested included Dick Preston , Walter Sims , Theophilus Simington , Seth Miller , Fred Fuller , and George Lass . Most revealing is Theophilus Simington , whose last name is most likely misspelled . The Simonton 's were a predominant Fort Bend family and the founders of the Simonton plantation that eventually evolved into the present-day town of Simonton . The Simonton 's were avid Jaybirds who resisted the post-Civil War Reconstruction efforts .
Between 1888 and 1889 , the Jaybird-Woodpecker feud raged throughout Fort Bend country . This particular incident created quite a stir in regional and national newspapers that included testimonials and conflicting information , including from Taylor Randon and the local Sheriff , Tom Garvey . Randon plays down the political feud , stating the incident was about a fight over several women , and asked for the Jaybirds to protect him when he planned to return . Sheriff Garvey , who was a Woodpecker , was forced to move his family to Galveston , Texas for their safety as he was `` compelled to apologize for his severe strictures upon the negro killers . ''
`` Fort Bend Troubles , '' Galveston Daily News ( Galveston , Texas ) , October 18 , 1888
`` The Beneficiaries of Murder , '' Democrat and Chronicle ( Rochester , New York ) , October 25 , 1888
`` “ A Foul Assassination , '' The Galveston Daily News ( Galveston , Texas ) , October 16 , 1888
This small incident reflected a larger feud over power , money , and race in Fort Bend and Texas . Retaliatory murders occurred on both sides , including `` the 1889 killing of the local sheriff Tom Garvey ( a Woodpecker ) . The violence culminated in the Battle of Richmond , the county seat , on August 16 , 1889 , when Sheriff Garvey was killed . ''
Education
Area residents are zoned to schools in the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District .
References
External links
Populated places in Fort Bend County , Texas
Ghost towns in South Texas
Amber Zoe Savva ( born 1993 ) is a British actress . She is perhaps best known for her role as Serena in the 2007 film Fishtales .
Filmography
The Bill ( 2005 , 1 episode ) Sanura Azmi
Fishtales ( 2007 ) as Serena Bradley
External links
British actresses
1993 births
Living people
The origin of the Mapuche has been a matter of research for over a century . The genetics of the Mapuche do not show overly clear affinities with any other known indigenous group in the Americas , the same goes for linguistics where Mapuche language is considered a language isolate . Archaeological evidence shows Mapuche culture has existed in Chile at least since 600 to 500 BC . Mapuches are late arrivals in their southernmost ( Chiloé Archipelago ) and easternmost ( Pampas ) areas of settlement , yet Mapuche history in the north towards Atacama Desert may be older than historic settlement suggest . The Mapuche has received significant influence from Pre-Incan ( Tiwanaku ? ) , Incan and Spanish peoples , but deep origins of the Mapuche predates these contacts . Contact and conflict with the Spanish Empire are thought by scholars such as Tom Dillehay and José Bengoa to have had a profound impact on the shaping of the Mapuche ethnicity .
Thus the Mapuches are considered of autochthonous origin , with some genetic studies and archaeological and linguistic hypothesis hinting an origin or influence from the Amazon in the distant past .
Early theories
A hypothesis put forward by Ricardo E. Latcham , and later expanded by Francisco Antonio Encina , theorizes that the Mapuche migrated to present-day Chile from the Pampas east of the Andes . The hypothesis further claims that previous to the Mapuche , there was a `` Chincha-Diaguita '' culture , which was geographically cut in half by the Mapuche penetrating from mountain passes around the head of the Cautín River . Albeit the Latcham hypothesis is consistent with linguistic features it is rejected by modern scholars due to the lack of conclusive evidence , and the possibility of alternative hypotheses .
Tomás Guevara postulated another hypothesis claiming that early Mapuches dwelled on the coast exploiting the abundant marine resources and only later moved inland following large rivers . Guevara adds that Mapuches would be descendants of northern Changos , a poorly known coastal people , who moved southwards . Tenuous linguistic evidence links a language of 19th century Changos ( called Chilueno or Arauco ) with Mapudungun .
Archaeology and toponymy
Scholar Alberto Trivera considers that there is no continuity between the human culture seen in the Late Pleistocene archaeological site of Monte Verde and any historical group . Archaeological finds have shown the existence of a Mapuche culture in Chile as early as 600 to 500 BC . In 1954 Grete Mostny postulated the idea of a link between Mapuches and the archaeological culture of El Molle in the Transverse Valleys of Norte Chico . The Mapuche Pitrén ceramics slightly postdate the ceramics of El Molle with which it shares various commonalities . Various archaeologists are of the idea that El Molle culture is related to cultures of the Argentine Northwest , chiefly Candelaria , which are in turn suggested being related to more northern `` tropical jungle '' cultures . Tembetás , lower lip piercings usually associated with indigenous cultures of Brazil , findings have been reported in Central Chile with scholars differing if these elements the result of migrations or some other type of ancient contact with the Argentine Northwest .
Mapuche communities in southern Norte Chico –that is Petorca , La Ligua , Combarbalá and Choapa – may be rooted in Pre-Hispanic times at least several centuries before the Spanish arrival . Mapuche toponymy is also found throughout the area . While there was an immigration of Mapuches to the southern Diaguita lands in colonial times Mapuche culture there is judged to be older than this . Further north in the coast of Antofagasta Region there are toponyms claimed to be Mapuche including Taltal and Quebrada Mamilla .
Archaeological remains indicating cultivation in canalized fields and raised fields by the Mapuche imply these techniques were likely introduced either from Lake Titicaca in the Altiplano or the Amazonian lowlands .
Mapuches are late arrivals in Chiloé Archipelago where there are various placenames with Chono etymologies despite the main indigenous language of the archipelago at the arrival of the Spanish being veliche ( Mapuche ) . This is in line with notions of ethnologist Ricardo E. Latcham who consider the Chono along other sea-faring nomads may be remnants from more widespread indigenous groups that were pushed south by `` successive invasions '' from more northern tribes .
Genetic studies
Genetically Mapuches differ from the adjacent indigenous peoples of Patagonia . This is interpreted as suggesting either a `` different origin or long lasting separation of Mapuche and Patagonian populations '' . A 1996 study comparing genetics of indigenous groups in Argentina found no significant link between Mapuches and other groups . A 2019 study on the human leukocyte antigen genetics of Mapuche from Cañete found affinities with a variety of North and South American indigenous groups . Notably the study found also affinities also with Aleuts , Eskimos , Pacific Islanders , Ainu from Japan , Negidals from Eastern Siberia and Rapa Nui from Easter Island .
Based on mDNA analysis of various indigenous groups of South America it is thought that Mapuche are at least in part descendant of peoples from the Amazon Basin that migrated to Chile through two routes ; one through the Central Andean highlands and another through the eastern Gran Chaco and the Argentine Northwest .
Linguistics
There is no consensus on the linguistic affiliation of the Mapuche language , Mapudungun . In the early 1970s , significant linguistic affinities between Mapuche and Mayan languages were suggested . Linguist Mary Ritchie Key claimed in 1978 that Araucanian languages , including Mapuche , were genetically linked to the Pano-Tacanan languages , to the Chonan languages and the Kawéskar languages . Croese ( 1989 , 1991 ) has advanced the hypothesis that Mapudungun is related to the Arawakan languages . The word for `` stone axe '' in Mapuche language is toki similar to the Yurumanguí totoki ( `` axe '' ) from Colombia .
Mapuche language do have many words in common with Quechua , Aymara and Puquina . This reflects however a later influence of Andean culture and perhaps migrating populations on the already existing Mapuche . This areal linguistic influence may have arrived with a migratory wave arising from the collapse of the Tiwanaku Empire around 1000 CE . Jolkesky ( 2016 ) consider that Mapuche 's lexical similarities with the Kunza , Mochika , Uru-Chipaya , Arawak , Pano , Cholon-Hibito , and Kechua language families is due to contact .
Historiography and late ethnogenesis
A milestone in Mapuche ethnogenesis may have been their contact with Inca invaders which gave them a collective awareness distinguishing between them and the invaders and uniting them into loose geo-political units despite their lack of state organization .
Many historians , such as José Bengoa , are inclined to hold that the Mapuche proper welded into a single ethnic group during the Arauco War against the Spanish . According to scholars Tom Dillehay and Francisco Rothhammer this view is supported by archaeology which indicates that formerly scattered indigenous populations begun to dwell in more dense population clusters are the result of warfare .
Mapuche opinions and oral traditions
Among Mapuches living near the coast there are those who consider they arrived from the sea . Other Mapuches claim descent from the people of Monte Verde , the earliest archaeological site in Chile .
References
Bibliography
Mapuche history
Mapuche
The O'Sullivan River is a tributary of Lake Waswanipi , which is crossed on the North by the Waswanipi River ( the James Bay drainage ) . The O'Sullivan River flows North into the Abitibi Regional County Municipality , and into Eeyou Istchee James Bay ( municipality ) , in the Nord-du-Québec , in Quebec , in Canada .
The course of the O'Sullivan River crosses the townships of Charrette , Adhémar , Labrie , Ralleau , Ruette , Benoit , Duplessis and Bossé .
Geography
The surrounding hydrographic slopes of the O'Sullivan River are :
north side : Lake Waswanipi , Waswanipi River ;
east side : Wetetnagami River , Mégiscane River ;
south side : Louison Lake , Delestres River ;
west side : Mossant Creek , Lecompte River , Robin River ( Parent Lake ) .
A little unnamed lake ( length : ) is the headwater body of the O'Sullivan River . This lake is located southeast of Castonguay Lake , north of Louison Lake , about northeast of Senneterre ( parish ) , Abitibi-Témiscamingue . This head lake obtains some 15 small lakes upstream and nearby .
From the small head lake , the O'Sullivan River flows over :
westerly , then northerly to the south shore of Castonguay Lake , which the current flows northward on , i.e . on its full length ;
northerly to the south shore of Gaillard Lake , where the current crosses over to the northeast ;
northerly to Butterfly Lake ( length : ) as the current flows northward on ;
northerly to the south bank of the `` Lake of the Line '' which the current flows northward on ;
northerly , to the south shore of Novellet Lake , where the current flows north ; Lake Novellet receives the waters of the Sheilann Lake outlet from the east ;
northwesterly to a south discharge ;
northerly and westerly to its mouth on the south shore of Puticamica Lake ( length : ) that the current flows westward on ;
northerly to the south shore of Lake Waswanipi that the current flows through on then merge to the current of Waswanipi River .
Toponymy
The natives used the name `` Pusticamica '' to designate this watercourse .
At the request of the Commission de toponymie du Canada , the name `` Rivière O'Sullivan '' has been attributed to evoke the work of life of Henry O'Sullivan ( Sainte-Catherine-de-Fossambault ] , 1845 - Loretteville , 1912 ) . After studying at Laval University in 1869 , O'Sullivan worked as a land surveyor , geologist and explorer in the Department of Lands and Forests . O'Sullivan explored much of Labrador , Gaspésie , all of Nord-du-Québec .
The toponym O'Sullivan River was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
Notes and references
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Abitibi Regional County Municipality
The Comprehensive & Robust Requirements Specification Process ( CRRSP ) , or CRRSP ( pronounced crisp ) , is a methodology for gathering , defining , and validating software requirements . CRRSP is not a step-by-step restrictive process , but an adaptable framework , intended to be customized by the Business Analysis teams that select the elements of the process that are appropriate for their needs .
History
CRRSP was developed in 2008 by a senior Business Analyst named Barbara Davis after years of research and refinement through hands-on experiences as a senior Business Analyst and Business Analyst Center of Excellence Practice Director with organizations such as UST Global and Safeway .
Relationship to Other Methodologies
CRRSP 's approach to software requirements allows for applications with most types of project methodologies and a flexible and adaptable starting point at which one can apply the methodology . CRRSP differs from other methodologies such as Waterfall , RAD , Agile , and RUP because it is specifically a methodology for defining and validating the requirements within the context of the larger project life cycle , while others are project methodologies that define the overall project life cycle itself .
One of the primary factors in CRRSP is that it evolves requirements through high- , mid- , and low-level requirements via an increasingly deeper dive on the requirements collateral .
Stages
The key stages in the CRRSP requirements methodology are Research and Elicitation , Analysis , Elaboration and Specification , and Validation . It is characterized by detailed validation steps , tools and techniques as well as unique analysis deliverables and traceability products .
Research and Elicitation
The goal of the Research and Elicitation stage is to understand and research the business drivers , goals and objectives , project artifacts created to date , and create workflow to help illustrate the current state and desired future state . It ultimately defines the project 's mid-level requirements .
Analysis
In analyzing the mid-level requirements , the analyst uses gap assessment , a more detailed form of gap analysis , and cause and effect or decision tables to outline scenarios , further evolving the high-level requirements into mid-level requirements .
Elaboration and Specification
Elaboration and Specification is the stage of coherently documenting and authoring the requirements document into a format that will ultimately be passed onto the design , development and testing teams to be utilized in the creation of their products and deliverables . It generates refined business rules , refined workflow schemas , and the low level requirements .
Naming and Numbering Convention
The CRRSP methodology dictates a strict naming and numbering convention for requirements within a project and products in general . It follows similar rationale and logic behind naming hurricanes and tornadoes in that a requirement is assigned an exclusive number that remains its own even if the article becomes scrapped . This ensures accurate traceability across multiple versions of the documentation and scope changes .
The numbers are assigned to a final draft before release to the design , development , and test teams for the ambiguity review process . This ensures that there is no confusion amongst the BA team when documenting the requirements . Numbers are only assigned to the high level requirements ; sub-numbers are assigned to the mid- and low-level requirements since they are extensions of the high level requirements .
For example , if the requirements for a web shopping cart state that the application must be able to calculate the tax for the specific state and/or province of the online customer , the requirement would be written as :
1.1 Customers must be able to select their state AND/OR province from a selector .
However , the requirement is later reworded to state that the application must be able to calculate the tax for the specific state and/or province of the online customer , then the requirement would be rewritten as :
1.1 Requirement Removed .
1.2 The state or province from the customer 's profile will be used to calculate the taxes on the purchase .
Validation
Validation uses a combination of ambiguity techniques derived from Requirements Based Testing and Logic Modeling . These techniques include an ambiguity log , an ambiguity review , and ambiguity walkthroughs involving the design , development , and testing teams to establish clarity and completeness of the requirements . The reviews and walkthroughs utilize a clear set of criteria for the reviewers to ensure that the information is complete , consistent , accurate , and written in language that clearly states and defines the intended functioning of the new software .
Benchmarking
Proponents of this methodology are able to apply a specialized formula to determine the effectiveness of requirements ' activities by benchmarking and measuring against the established benchmark . By benchmarking requirements activities across a project , the BA team is able to better understand where time is being spent , how to improve , and to be able to increase task efficiency and effectiveness as a means of improving the project . This has proven to be the most effective technique for rapidly re-aligning a flagging project because of the insight it provides the team during the process .
By benchmarking requirements activities in general across multiple projects , organizations are able to get a more detailed picture of the requirements ' activities and where they can be improved . This can indicate opportunities for training among the Business Analysis team , a need for more resources , or more executive support , but can also indicate if the problem is with the development or testing teams . It can also provide enough evidence to support changing the overall life cycle processes .
Business Rules
Business rules are typically separated out into a separate document with references made within the requirements themselves . The naming and numbering conventions are the same as for the requirements but are indicated as rules with a ' B ' preceding the number .
For example , if the business rule B36 for the same shopping cart , states that taxes shall be calculated on the total purchase amount according to a 12 % British Columbia tax rate , then the business rule would be written as :
B36.1 British Columbia tax rate 12 %
If requirement 1.1 references this business rule , it would be written as :
1.1 Customer must be able to select their state AND/OR province from a selector .
Applicable Business Rules : B36
Use Cases
Use Cases can be started at any point during the requirements process and polished as the requirements are completed . Their value is in adding a layer of validation for the requirements to support a review for completeness . These may be presented to the users in a walkthrough to help validate the step-by-step process through which the user and system will go in performing specific transactions . Both literary ( descriptive ) and diagram ( such as UML , Activity or Swim Lane ) use cases are appropriate for this due to the value each of these can provide to the end users .
References
External links
Access to official CRRSP Information ( including certification & downloads ) on Requirements Networking Group
Bender RBT website
Software project management
Marie André Nicolas Cantillon ( 1781/82 – July 1869 ) was a French soldier in the army of Napoleon . After the defeat of France in the Napoleonic Wars he attempted to assassinate the Duke of Wellington on 11 February 1818 . Wellington was in Paris as commander of the allied occupation of France . Cantillon missed his shot and escaped , but was captured by the Parisian police shortly afterwards . Brought to trial in May 1819 , he was acquitted after his pistol ball could not be found at the scene and his lawyer told the jury that a conviction would be a stain upon the honour of the nation . Cantillon was granted a bequest in the will of Napoleon I , though he only received part of the 10,000 francs . In his later life , he ran a grocery in Brussels , Belgium . His wife petitioned for the remainder of the bequest and may have received it from a commission established by Napoleon III .
Early life
Cantillon was a distant relative of the French-Irish economist Richard Cantillon ( d. 1734 ) and descended from the same Ballyheigue , County Kerry , branch of the family . Cantillon was born in Paris , to a model maker , in 1781/82 and worked in the jewellery trade . He was conscripted into the cavalry of the French Army and rose to become a non-commissioned officer and then sous-lieutenant ( sub-lieutenant ) in the hussars . He served in the 1st Hussars during the War of the Fifth Coalition and an 1858 account by William Stirling Maxwell has him attempting to kill the regiment 's colonel for a perceived affront , after which he was pardoned by Napoleon for his bravery in battle . The same account states Cantillon afterwards joined the Chasseurs à Cheval de la Garde Impériale , retiring on a pension in 1813 before re-joining Napoleon for the Hundred Days . After the peace of 1815 he is said to have split his time between Brussels and Paris , with trips to Coblenz and Cologne . Cantillon is said to have been known for his fierce Bonapartism and hatred of the English .
Assassination attempt
At around 12:30 am on the morning of 11 February 1818 Cantillon attempted to assassinate the Duke of Wellington , the British commander of the allied occupation of France . At the time Wellington was staying in a hotel on the Champs-Élysées in Paris . The assassination attempt began as Wellington was returning by carriage from dinner with the British Ambassador to France , Sir Charles Stuart . Cantillon ran across the road in front of the carriage , which raised the suspicions of Wellington 's coachman who increased speed . As the coach turned to enter the gate of the hotel Cantillon fired one shot from a pistol . The shot missed and Wellington was not alarmed as he thought the shot was an unintentional discharge from a sentry .
Cantillon was chased by a guard but escaped from the scene . Cantillon had raised the suspicions of the Parisian police when he arrived in the city from Brussels a few days before and he was arrested shortly after the assassination attempt , in company with an accomplice named Marinet . Stirling Maxwell 's 1858 account states that Cantillon shaved off his beard and moustache to avoid recognition while attempting to reach Belgium , but was captured on 15 March .
The French police declined to investigate alleged connections between Cantillon and a group in Brussels known to have advocated the assassination of Wellington and with supposed connections with the staff of William , Prince of Orange . Cantillon confessed to the police that he had attempted to assassinate Wellington , but a search could not locate the pistol ball which would have confirmed the shot was fired and there was no evidence linking him to the scene . Cantillon and Marinet were held in prison for a lengthy period without trial and in November Cantillon 's lawyer formally complained about this . Witnesses , including the Duke of Wellington , were summoned on 12 March 1819 to attend the Seine department 's cour d'assises on 5 May . The start was later delayed to 10 May .
At Cantillon 's trial his lawyer admitted his client had attempted to assassinate Wellington but appealed to the jury to find him not guilty as to do otherwise would dishonour France . Cantillon and Marinet were acquitted . The only punishment Cantillon received was demotion to the rank of sergeant . Wellington received the congratulations of most of the French royal family and the British Prince Regent on his escape . Among the few French royals to not send a message was Louis Philippe , Duke of Orléans , who would take the French throne in the 1830 July Revolution and reign until the Revolution of 1848 . As King of France , Louis Philippe appointed Cantillon as a gamekeeper at the Palace of Fontainebleau . In later life Cantillon became a grocer in Brussels ; he died in July 1869 .
Napoleon 's bequest
The French former emperor Napoleon I left Cantillon 10,000 francs ( around £500 at the time and ) in a codicil added to his will on 24 April 1821 , just 11 days before Napoleon 's death . In the codicil Napoleon justified the assassination attempt as revenge on Wellington for exiling him to St Helena , for the executions of his former generals Michel Ney and Charles de la Bédoyère and for the removal of artifacts from French museums ( many of which had been looted by France from occupied territories ) . The exile was less harsh than the punishment of execution that the French Bourbons and Prussians had pressed for after Napoleon 's 1815 defeat . This codicil of Napoleon 's will caused outrage when it became known in England , where it was common knowledge that Wellington had expressly forbidden his men from targeting Napoleon on the field of Waterloo . Wellington considered that the bequest was the `` greatest blot '' on Napoleon 's character .
Napoleon 's final will took little account of his financial status at the time , his wealth being much reduced by his abdication . Napoleon made bequests totalling some 200,000,000 francs , but had assets worth only 8,000,000 ; many beneficiaries received much less than he had directed . Cantillon received part of the bequest between 1823 and 1826 . He did not pursue payment of the remainder , though his wife did , in August 1854 , Napoleon III having since come to power as emperor after the 1851 French coup d'état . Mrs. Cantillon claimed for 1,200 francs she stated were outstanding from the bequest . Napoleon III established a commission to decide outstanding claims against Napoleon I 's estate . In April 1855 , the commission found that Napoleon I was not of sound mind when he wrote the codicil that favoured Cantillon , as by the time of writing he was in the last stages of terminal stomach cancer . It is possible that the decision of the commission was swayed by political concerns , as it was made while Britain and France were allies , fighting Russia in the Crimean War .
However , a report in the Moniteur of 6 May 1855 notes that Cantillon , listed 32nd on a list of beneficiaries , received payment in full from Napoleon I 's estate , plus 354 francs of interest . This was despite an earlier report in the newspaper that the only beneficiaries to be paid in full were a number of the former emperor 's servants . It was said at the time , though denied by the French government , that Napoleon III intervened and directed that Cantillon be paid . The reported payment was the subject of a 12 February 1858 question from the Scottish member of parliament William Stirling-Maxwell to the prime minister Henry John Temple , 3rd Viscount Palmerston . Palmerston stated that he thought it was in poor taste for Stirling-Maxwell to imply that Napoleon III had anything to do with a payment being made and noted that a portion of the bequest had been paid in the 1820s , when the Bourbon monarchy was in power .
References
Bibliography
1780s births
1869 deaths
Failed assassins
French military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
French Army officers
John Quayle ( born 21 December 1938 ) is an English actor who had roles in many sitcoms including All Gas and Gaiters , Terry and June , Steptoe and Son and The Liver Birds .
Career
Quayle 's first main TV role was that of Jim Hawkins in the 1951 BBC serialisation of Treasure Island alongside Bernard Miles as Long John Silver . He also appeared in a 1952 episode of Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School . In 1953 , he played the office boy in the film 'The Story of Gilbert and Sullivan ' . His roles in the 1960s included appearances in The Power Game and No Hiding Place . He also appeared in a 1964 episode of Coronation Street as an army bomb disposal officer .
He appeared in the sitcom All Gas and Gaiters in 1970 . Later appearances included Steptoe and Son , The Liver Birds , Doomwatch , The Dick Emery Show , The Good Life , The Duchess of Duke Street , Happy Ever After , Rising Damp , Citizen Smith , Mind Your Language and The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin .
Quayle also made numerous appearances in London Weekend Television 's popular period drama Upstairs , Downstairs . His first appearance was in the episode The Path of Duty ( 1971 ) as Lieutenant William `` Billy '' Watson , an army friend of James Bellamy and potential suitor of Bellamy 's younger sister Elizabeth . Quayle was then cast in the recurring role of Bunny Newbury , again a close friend of James Bellamy .
The 1980s saw Quayle play the two roles that he is perhaps the most remembered for . Firstly , he played the Duke of Broughton in the BBC period drama Nanny . Secondly , in 1985 he became the third actor ( after Terence Alexander and Tim Barrett ) to play the Medfords ' best friend Malcolm in the sitcom Terry and June . He also played a lead role in Yorkshire Television 's sitcom Farrington of the F.O . alongside Joan Sims and Angela Thorne . Other appearances in the 1980s included roles in Johnny Speight 's The Nineteenth Hole and Only When I Laugh . In 2006 , he appeared in The Line of Beauty as Geoffrey Titchfield .
In more recent years Quayle played Mr Wilcox in Hippies , Anthony Stephens in Coronation Street , as well as roles in The Bill , Midsomer Murders , Monarch of the Glen , and Lab Rats .
Theatre career
Appearances include Agatha Christie 's Afternoon at the Seaside , and Light Up The Sky , together with For Services Rendered by Somerset Maugham at the National Theatre in 1979 .
Film career
Films include Night Train to Paris , Privates on Parade , Longitude , Seeing Red , A.K.A. , and Fish Tales .
Animal sanctuary
At the time of the filming of series 2 of Farrington , John Quayle and his wife Petronell were using their farmhouse home as an animal sanctuary . They began in 1976 when they adopted two donkeys from the Donkey Sanctuary near Sidmouth in Devon . In 1984 they adopted their third donkey , Jacob . Other animals included a pony , a horse , three pugs , a Russian Blue cat and a giraffe named Binkie .
References
Yorkshire Television , Press Pack for Farrington Series Two .
External links
1938 births
English male film actors
English male television actors
People from Lincoln , England
Male actors from Lincolnshire
Actors from Lincoln , England
Living people
Amrit was an ancient Phoenician city located near Tartus in Syria .
Amrit may also refer to :
Amrit , Egypt , a village in Abou Hammaad , Sharqia Governorate
Amrit ( film ) , a 1986 Indian Hindi film
Amrit ( album ) , a 1992 album by Nusrat Hussain
Amrita , name for objects , ceremonies , people , etc . stemming from ancient India
Amrit Sanskar , the Sikh ceremony of initiation or baptism
Amrita , the elixer of life in Indian religions
People with the given name
Amrit Abhijat
Amrit Bhattarai
Amrit Bhushan Dev Adhikari
Amrit Desai
Amrit Gangar
Amrit Kaur
Amrit Keshav Nayak
Amrit Kumar Bohara
Amrit Lal ( 1940s Southern Punjab cricketer )
Amrit Lal ( 1960s Southern Punjab cricketer )
Amrit Lugun
Amrit Maan
Amrit Maghera
Amrit Mahal
Amrit Mangat
Amrit Manthan
Amrit Nahata
Amrit Pal ( athlete )
Amrit Pal ( actor )
Amrit Patel
Amrit Pritam
Amrit Rai
Amrit Sagar
Amrit Sanchar
Amrit Singh ( disambiguation )
Amrit Singh ( cyclist )
Amrit Tewari
Amrit Velā
Amrit Wilson
See also
Amrita ( disambiguation )
The 1939 Northern Illinois State Evansmen football team represented Northern Illinois State Teachers College—now known as Northern Illinois University—as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference ( IIAC ) during the 1939 college football season . Led by 11th-year head coach Chick Evans , the Evansmen compiled an overall record of 5–2–1 with a mark of 3–1 in conference play , placing third in the IIAC . The team played home games at the 5,500-seat Glidden Field , located on the east end of campus , in DeKalb , Illinois .
Schedule
References
Northern Illinois State
Northern Illinois Huskies football seasons
Northern Illinois State Evansmen football
`` Legends '' is a song by American rapper Juice Wrld . It was released as the second single from his EP Too Soon .. on June 22 , 2018 , three days after the EP 's release . The song is an homage to deceased rappers Lil Peep and XXXTentacion , the latter being a friend of Juice Wrld 's .
Background
The song is dedicated to Lil Peep , who died from a drug overdose in November 2017 , and XXXTentacion , who was shot and killed in a robbery a day prior to Too Soon .. 's release .
After Juice Wrld died from a seizure in December 2019 at 21 , he was alleged to have predicted his death with the following lyrics from `` Legends '' : `` What 's the 27 Club ? / We ai n't making it past 21 . ''
The song initially peaked at 65 in 2018 . However , following Juice Wrld 's death , the song reentered the chart and peaked at 29 on the US Hot 100 Billboard charts on December 20 , 2019 , the days following his death .
`` Legends '' , alongside `` Rich and Blind '' , the other song on the two-track EP they came from , were later added to Juice Wrld 's second posthumous album Fighting Demons on March 18 , 2022 , alongside the newly released song `` Sometimes '' .
Charts
Certification
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Juice Wrld songs
Coincidence
Emo rap songs
Song recordings produced by Take a Daytrip
Fusion is a 1988 shoot 'em up video game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts for the Atari ST and Amiga .
Gameplay
It is a multi-directional scrolling shoot 'em up game ( with parallax scrolling ) . The action is viewed from the top . The player controls either a ground-based crawler or a spacecraft . There are thirteen levels .
Development
Fusion was created by Bullfrog Productions , a development studio founded by game designer Peter Molyneux . It was the company 's first original product and second game overall , after a port of the shoot 'em up Druid II : Enlightenment . As with Druid II and the later Populous , artist Glenn Corpes created most of the graphics and animation for Fusion , while Molyneux handled the majority of its programming and design . The game was coded in assembly language , and the Atari ST version implemented HiSoft Systems ' Devpac II assembler . Its soundtrack , available on the double-sided disk release , was composed by David Hanlon . Fusion was released in 1988 .
Reception
Matt Fox , author of The Video Games Guide , summarized Fusion as a `` run-of-the-mill shoot 'em up [ that ] caused few ripples on release '' . According to Corpes , Fusion was not a commercial success and , together with Druid II , `` only brought in a fraction of the money needed to pay the wage bill . ''
A UK magazine gave the ST version of Fusion a score of 9 out of 10 , saying that despite being `` yet another vertically scrolling shoot-'em-up '' it has `` sufficient variation '' . Bullfrog went on to develop Populous , Magic Carpet and other well-received titles .
References
External links
Fusion at MobyGames
1988 video games
Amiga games
Atari ST games
Bullfrog Productions games
Electronic Arts games
Europe-exclusive video games
Scrolling shooters
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
The 2019–20 Liga III was the 4th season , since its introduction in 2016 , of the third level women 's football league of the Romanian football league system . The number of starting teams in Liga III increased from 18 to 19 . Therefore , 19 teams divided in 4 series ( of 4 or 5 teams ) were to play in the competition that consists of a double round-robin lasting 6 or 10 stages , totalling 72 matches . Since one team withdrew before the start of the competition , the total number of matches to be played became 64 . However , only 44 games were played until the season was frozen due to the 2019-20 coronavirus pandemic .
Team changes
To Liga III
Relegated to Liga III
Viitorul Reghin ( 4th place in the 2018–19 Liga II , Seria I , decided to enroll in Liga III )
Măgura 2012 Bacău ( 8th place in the 2018–19 Liga II , Seria II , decided to enroll in Liga III )
New founded teams
FCM Târgoviște
Politehnica Timişoara
Viitorul Arad
Colţea 1920 Braşov
Măgura Cisnădie
Student Sport Alba Iulia
From Liga III
Promoted to Liga II
Carmen București ( winners of 2018–19 Liga III , Seria I )
CN Nicu Gane Fălticeni ( winners of 2018–19 Liga III , Seria II )
CSM Târgu Mureș ( winners of 2018–19 Liga III , Seria III )
ACS Atletic Drobeta-Turnu-Severin ( runners-up of 2018–19 Liga III , Seria I )
Disbanded
FC Onești
Independența 2 Baia Mare
Sporting Lugaș 2
Excluded and spared teams
Viitorul Reghin requested to be enrolled in Liga III for the 2019–20 season , so Măgura 2012 Bacău ( 8th place in 2018–19 Liga II , Seria I ) was to be spared from relegation to Liga III , due to lack of teams . However , Măgura 2012 Bacău decided to play in Liga III anyway . Due to this vacated spot , ACS Atletic Drobeta-Turnu-Severin was promoted to Liga II .
Stadiums by capacity and location
Seria I
Seria II
Seria III
Seria IV
Seria I Season results
Seria I League table
Seria I Result
Seria II Season results
Seria II League table
Seria II Results
Seria III Season results
Seria III League table
Seria III Results
Seria IV Season results
Seria IV League table
Seria IV Results
References
External links
Official site
Rom
Fem
Women 's football in Romania
John Entick ( c.1703 – May 1773 ) was an English schoolmaster and author . He was largely a hack writer , working for Edward Dilly , and he padded his credentials with a bogus M.A . and a portrait in clerical dress ; some of his works had a more lasting value . In the leading case Entick v Carrington of 1765 he won a legal victory as plaintiff that defined the limits of executive power in the view of the English judiciary .
Life
He was probably born about 1703 , and resided in the parish of St. Dunstan 's , Stepney . In 1755 he agreed with John Shebbeare and Jonathan Scott to write for their anti-ministerial paper , The Monitor , appearing every Saturday , at a salary of £200 a year ; and his attacks on the government caused his house to be entered and his papers seized under a general warrant in November 1762 . He sued the authorities for illegal seizure over this , claiming £2,000 in damages , and obtained a verdict for £300 in 1765 .
He died at Stepney , where he was buried , on 22 May 1773 , being about seventy years old .
Works
His first publication , the Speculum Latinum ( 1728 ) , was a simplified scheme to teach Latin . For his Evidences of Christianity ( 1729 ) he styled himself on its title-page student of divinity . In 1736 he issued a proposal , which fell through , to print Chaucer in two folio volumes , and he put M.A . after his name . In 1754 he published his Phaedri Fabulae , with accents and notes .
He published in 1757 a New Naval History , with lives and portraits , dedicated to Admiral Edward Vernon . In 1763 he published a General History of the Late War . He issued in 1765 his New Spelling Dictionary ; each edition comprised twenty thousand copies ; in 1766 he brought out an edition of William Maitland 's Survey of London with additions . In 1771 appeared his New Latin and English Dictionary and an English Grammar ; and he is credited with a Ready Reckoner , pamphlets on freemasonry , and a share both in the new Week 's Preparation and the new Whole Duty of Man . The Lexicon manuale græco-latinvm et latino-græcum . Studio atque opera Josephi Hill , necnon Johannis Entick was a revision of Cornelis Schrevel 's Lexicon as edited by Joseph Hill . He left a large work , in four volumes , The Present State of the British Empire , helped by other hands , nearly ready , which was brought out in 1774 . In 1776 appeared a new edition of his Survey and History of London . William Crakelt and others edited his dictionaries repeatedly , down to 1836 .
References
Attribution
External links
The General History of the Late War Vol 1 Archive.org
1703 births
1773 deaths
English lexicographers
18th-century lexicographers
Ancistrocerus antilope is a species of wasp of the family Vespidae .
Description
This species is similar to the rarer A. spinolae , with differences including a shining , impunctate propodeum and a pair of yellow spots on the female 's scutellum .
Range
Ancistrocerus antilope is present in all Canadian provinces and all continental U. S. states except Alaska , Alabama , and Florida , as well as Europe to Siberia .
References
Potter wasps
Amamibalcis gracillima is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae .
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1865
The Grande Semaine d'Aviation de la Champagne was an 8-day aviation meeting held near Reims in France in 1909 , so-named because it was sponsored by the major local champagne growers . It is celebrated as the first international public flying event , confirming the viability of heavier-than-air flight .
It marked the first contest for the prestigious Gordon Bennett Trophy , sponsored by Gordon Bennett , publisher of the New York Herald , won by American Glenn Curtiss in competition with Louis Bleriot . The meeting saw the breaking of the world record for distance , a flight of 180 km ( 110 mi ) by Henri Farman , as well as the debut of the lightweight Gnome engine , which would achieve much acclaim .
Grande Semaine de la Champagne
The Grand Semaine d'Aviation , held between 22 August and 29 August 1909 , was sponsored by many of the leading makers of champagne including Moët et Chandon and Mumm
and organised by a committee headed by the Marquis de Polignac . It was the first international public flying event and was seen both at the time and by later historians as marking the coming of age of heavier-than-air aviation . Almost all of the prominent aviators of the time took part , and the 500,000 visitors included Armand Fallières , the President of the French Republic and the British Chancellor of the Exchequer , David Lloyd George . It was held on the plain of Bétheny , about north of Reims , which later became the Reims – Champagne Air Base . A large grandstand was constructed for the event , together with a row of sheds to accommodate the aircraft . Next to the grandstand was the `` Popular enclosure '' , complete with an enormous scoreboard . Amenities for the spectators included a restaurant that could seat 600 people , an area of specially laid lawn with bandstands and flowerbeds , and a post office , from which 50,000 postcards were sent each day and nearly a million words dispatched by press correspondents . The spectator area was only a few hundred metres from the Laon-Reims railway line , and a temporary station was provided .
A rectangular competition course of , marked by four pylons was set up for the various competitions , with the strip intended for taking off and landing in front of the grandstands , opposite which was the timekeepers hut , provided with a signalling system to indicate to the spectators which event was being competed for . Flying conditions were primitive : the area over which much of the flying was to take place was farmland : some of the crops under cultivation had not been harvested and where this had been done there were haystacks : more than one flyer was to fall foul of these obstacles .
Events
Sunday , 22 August — Contest to decide the French team for the Gordon-Bennett Trophy ; Prix de la Vitesse , ( day 1 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste , ( day 1 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts , ( day 1 ) .
Monday , 23 August — Grand Prix de la Champagne ( day 1 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste ( day 2 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 2 ) .
Tuesday , 24 August — Grand Prix de la Vitesse ( day 2 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste , ( day 3 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 3 ) .
Wednesday , 25 August — Grand Prix de la Champagne ( day 2 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste , ( day 4 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 4 ) .
Thursday , 26 August — Grand Prix de la Champagne ( day 3 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste , ( day 5 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 5 ) ; Landing competition for spherical balloons .
Friday , 27 August — Grand Prix de la Champagne ( day 4 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste ( day 6 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 6 ) .
Saturday , August 28 — Coupe Internationale d'Aviation Gordon-Bennett ; Prix des Passagers ( day 1 ) ; Prix du Tour de Piste ( day 7 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 7 ) .
Sunday 29 August — Prix de la Vitesse ( day 3 ) ; Prix des Passagers ( day 2 ) ; Prix de l'Altitude ; Prix du Tour de Piste ( day 8 ) ; Prix des Aeronauts ( day 8 )
The Gordon Bennett Trophy
This was the most prestigious event of the meeting , and was a competition between national teams , sponsored by Gordon Bennett , the publisher of the New York Herald and was being held for the first time . It consisted of a time trial over two laps of the circuit rather than a direct race , and each nation was allowed three entrants . The qualification trials for the French team on the Sunday morning were hampered by the weather conditions , with the most successful competitor , Eugène Lefebvre flying a French-built Wright biplane , narrowly failing to complete two laps of the course : the only other pilot to make a convincing flight was Louis Blériot , and the third place was later given to Hubert Latham flying an Antoinette monoplane , on account of his performance in trials for the Prix de la Vitesse held later that day , during which `` the wonderful and unprecedented spectacle was witnessed of seven machines in the air at one time '' . Other nations were represented by the American aviator Glenn Curtiss and George Cockburn flying a French Farman III biplane representing Great Britain : promised Italian and Austrian entries did not materialise . On the Saturday of the race Curtiss made the first flights , first making an attempt for the Circuit Prize and lowering the record to 7 m 55.4 s. Encouraged by this , he then made his attempt for the Trophy , completing the two laps in 15 m 50.4 s. Cockburn made the next attempt , but was unable to complete one lap . Lefebvre then made the first attempt by the French team , only managing a time of 20 m 47.6 s. Latham 's time was 16 m 32 s. Blériot , flying last , managed a first lap time in the same time as Curtiss ' second ( faster ) lap , but during the second round he was impeded by a squall , and his total time was 15 min 56.1 sec . Under the rules of the Trophy , Curtiss ' victory meant that the next race would be held in America . Later in the day Blériot did secure one prize , that for the fastest circuit , with a time of 7 m 47.4 s .
Grand Prix de Champagne et la Ville de Reims
This was a distance prize offering six prizes of 50,000 , 25,000 , 10,000 , 5,000 , 5,000 , and 5,000 francs . The competition for this award resulted in the world record for distance being broken three times in three days , the prize eventually being won by Henri Farman with a flight of , flying a Farman III biplane . Farman eventually landed because the competition stopped at half-past seven , and any distance flown after this time did not count . On landing , in the words of the correspondent from the London Times he was `` seized upon by the enthusiastic crowd and carried in triumph to the buffet , where a scene of almost delirious excitement was witnessed '' Although French by upbringing , Farman 's father was British and he was therefore also technically British , this mixed nationality being celebrated by a military band playing both the French and the British national anthems to celebrate his victory .
Farman had replaced the Vivinus engine of his aircraft , which was proving unreliable , with a Gnome Omega rotary engine just before the flight . Since the published rules of competition forbade any changes to the aircraft , his victory was contested by Latham and Léon Levavasseur , the designer of the Antoinette aircraft and engine , but the change had been officially approved before the flight , and their complaint was not successful . The Reims meeting was the public debut of the Gnome engine , and although probably unappreciated by the majority of the spectators , this was one of the most significant events to take place at the Rheims meeting . The Gnome , designed and manufactured by the Seguin brothers , was both light in weight and relatively reliable , and was a major advance in aviation technology : Louis Blériot later saying `` it enabled the industry to advance by leaps and bounds '' Three other aircraft were flown using this engine at Reims , the others being the Farman biplanes belonging to Cockburn and Roger Sommer and the Voisin belonging to Louis Paulhan
Grand Prix de la Vitesse
Offering four prizes of 10,000 , 5,000 , 3,000 and 2,000 francs , for the fastest time over three laps of the circuit . The final attempts for this were held on the last day , and after Curtiss ' narrow victory over Blériot spectators were expecting an exciting duel . However , Blériot had a spectacular accident : his aircraft crashed and caught fire , and was destroyed : the prize went to Curtiss .
Prix des Passagers
A single prize of 10,000 francs , given to the aviator who carried the greatest number of passengers over one lap of the course : in the event of two contestants carrying the same number of passengers the prize going to the fastest . Won by Farman , the only pilot to carry two passengers .
Prix de l'Altitude
( Height Prize ) of 10,000 francs . Won by Hubert Latham flying an Antoinette VII with an altitude of
Prix du Tour de Piste
( Circuit Prize ) , of 7,000 and 3,000 francs . for the fastest single lap . Won by Louis Blériot , flying his Type XII monoplane , with a speed of 76.95 km/h ( 47.8 mph ) .
Prix des Aéronats
A speed trial over five laps for dirigibles . No attempts were made until the last day , when the French Army dirigible Colonel Renard
won with a time of 1 hr . 19 m. The only other competitor was a Zodiac dirigible .
Flyers and aircraft
38 aircraft were entered for the event , but in the end only 23 actually flew , representing nine different types . 87 flights of more than were made The type which was best represented was the Voisin biplane , of which there were seven examples flown . This reflects Gabriel Voisin 's position as the first manufacturer to achieve widespread sales of an aircraft , but by this time his design was obsolescent , the only notable achievement being Louis Paulhan 's third place in the distance competition . Significantly , Paulhan 's aircraft was fitted with a Gnome engine . The meeting effectively demonstrated the practicality of heavier than air aviation : it was evident that the major problem was the unreliability of the engines being used . Many previous notable aviation feats , such as Louis Blériot 's recent crossing of the English Channel , had been made near the times of sunrise or sunset , when the air is often very still . In contrast , competition flying at Reims did not start until ten in the morning and ended at half past seven , and although high winds did cause the black flags signalling 'no flying ' to be hoisted on occasion , all days saw some flying .
The destruction by fire of Louis Blériot 's aircraft on the last day was the most spectacular accident to occur during the meeting , and Blériot had been involved in another accident earlier in the week while practising for the passenger carrying event , when he had to make an emergency landing due to engine trouble , Unfortunately there was a troop of dragoons in the way : in swerving to avoid them , he collided with the railings separating the spectator area from the flying track . The damage was repaired overnight . At the time only one aviator had been killed in an aircraft crash , and Flight magazine could write of the `` customary good luck of the aviator '' when referring to aviators walking away from accidents which wrecked the aircraft : aircraft of the time were slow , generally flown at low altitudes and their wooden construction often meant that the force of impact was absorbed by the disintegration of the airframe , but within a month of the event two of the participating flyers , Lefebvre and Ferdinand Ferber , were to be killed in aircraft accidents .
References
Aviation in France
Air shows
1909 in aviation
August 1909 sports events
1909 in French sport
Perfect Now is the third studio album by Swedish singer Jessica Andersson . The album was released in April 2015 and peaked at number three on the Swedish Albums Chart . The album includes her Melodifestivalen 2015 song , `` Ca n't Hurt Me Now '' .
Reception
Sigrid Ejemar was critical of the album , even questioning `` perfect '' in the title . Ejemar said `` Perhaps the album has been called `` Perfect '' in the sense that there is no harm or personality here . '' saying the most exciting part is `` the sparkling background Andersson poses in front of the cover '' .
Ejemer complemented schlager songs `` Start Over '' and `` Ca n't Hurt Me Now '' .
Johanna Karlsson was also critical saying `` This album sounds very much like a Taylor Swift album , and it 's not bad , but the problem is that Jessica Andersson is not actually Taylor Swift . There is no clear sender at all in this project and there is also no clear direction . Therefore , despite the spotless production , it becomes never engaging . ''
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2015 albums
Jessica Andersson albums
Universal Music Group albums
The 1926 Brooklyn Lions season was their first and only season in the league . The team finished 3–8 , finished fourteenth in the league .
Schedule
Standings
References
Brooklyn Lions seasons
Brooklyn Lions
Brooklyn Lions
1920s in Brooklyn
Flatbush , Brooklyn
Richard Bensinger is an author , American labor activist , and labor consultant known for his advocacy of expanded organizing efforts . He is the founder of the Organizing Institute and was the first organizing director of the AFL-CIO . He is currently the acting organizing director for the United Auto Workers union .
Life and career
After attending the University of Colorado at Boulder , Bensinger began his involvement with labor as a Head factory worker , where he helped organize the plant . After working as a volunteer organizer for the Clothing Workers Union , he became the union 's regional director . In 1986 he moved to Washington , D.C. to found the Organizing Institute , and in 1994 he became the first person to hold the position of National Organizing Director for the AFL-CIO .
While there , Bensinger emphasized the need for unions to rebuild their shrinking base of popular support , and encouraged locals to put more money in organizing efforts . “ Two years ago only 15 local unions out of the thousands in this country had moved 20 % of their budgets into organizing . … Today , 150 have , ” Fortune magazine reported him as saying shortly before being fired from the AFL-CIO position in 1998 .
Bensinger was removed from his position by then-president of the AFL-CIO John Sweeney , who replaced him with an SEIU career staffer , citing reasons of ineffectiveness .
Bensinger now spends his time consulting for international unions on organizing strategies in the U.S. and Canada , and educating corporations and businesses on ethics in labor relations . He is also the author of Reaching Higher , a guidebook on best organizing practices for non-unionized employees hoping to form a union .
In 2002 , Bensinger co-founded the Institute for Employee Choice with Dick Schubert , a former president of Bethlehem Steel . During the political fight over the Employee Free Choice Act , or “ card check ” legislation , Bensinger and Schubert suggested a third way to conduct elections that relied not on laws passed by the U.S. Congress but on a voluntary code of conduct that would be upheld by both organizers and management . The “ Golden Rule ” in this code was “ Unions and employers need to behave as they would like the other to behave . ”
In 2010 , United Auto Workers ( UAW ) president Bob King hired Bensinger to organize Japanese , Korean , and German transplant factories in the United States as part of the UAW 's work to increase membership .
As of 2020 , Bensinger continues to be paid for consulting work by the UAW , as well as Workers United in Rochester , NY and the United Brotherhood of Carpenters , among others .
In fall of 2021 Bensinger worked with Jaz Brisack and the Workers United campaign to organize workers at 6 Starbucks coffee shops in Buffalo , New York .
See also
Jane McAlevey
References
External links
Institute for Employee Choice
Living people
American trade unionists
American male writers
University of Colorado alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` Garage Sale '' is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show 's 145th episode overall . It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 24 , 2011 . The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by series cast member , Steve Carell . The episode marks Carell 's third director 's credit for the series and the final physical appearance of Amy Ryan , having appeared as a regular since `` Classy Christmas '' . ( She makes a voice-only appearance in the episode `` Goodbye , Michael '' . )
In the episode , Michael ( Steve Carell ) decides to propose to Holly ( Amy Ryan ) , and runs into trouble thinking of how to do it well with his expensive diamond ring . He consults several coworkers on advice and for ideas on how to propose . Meanwhile , Dunder Mifflin Scranton 's warehouse and crew hosts a public garage sale .
`` Garage Sale '' was met with critical acclaim by television reviewers as well as fans . Furthermore , HitFix reviewer Alan Sepinwall wrote that the episode could have served as Carell 's last episode . It is considered one of the best episodes of The Office . According to Nielsen Media Research , the episode was viewed by more than 7 million viewers and received a 3.4 rating/10 % share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 which marked a slight rise in the ratings from the previous episode , `` Todd Packer '' .
Plot
Michael Scott ( Steve Carell ) decides to propose to Holly Flax ( Amy Ryan ) , and runs into trouble thinking of how to do it in the most elaborate way possible with his expensive diamond ring ( which cost what he believes is the traditional `` three years ' salary '' ) . He pours gasoline in the parking lot in the shape of letters , planning to light them on fire and show it to Holly . Pam Halpert ( Jenna Fischer ) stops it and gathers a meeting of Michael , herself , Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) , Ryan Howard ( B. J. Novak ) , and Oscar Martinez ( Oscar Nunez ) . They believe Holly truly is `` the one '' for him and give him anecdotes and ideas . They are shocked at Michael 's suggestion , particularly one where he throws a corpse dressed as him off the roof , and are stunned at his huge engagement ring . He calls Holly 's father to ask his permission ( although he leaves a message rather than speak to him personally ) . Holly catches onto the idea when she calls her parents herself , but she notices her parents seem mentally disoriented . She talks to Michael later and says she wants to move back to Colorado to be there for her dad , and Michael supports her decision . Holly seems to be gearing up for a proposal , but Michael abruptly leaves , not wanting to be proposed to in such a casual way .
Dunder Mifflin Scranton 's warehouse and crew host a public garage sale . Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) attempts to walk away with the most expensive item by trading smaller items with his office mates beginning with a thumbtack ( a reference to One red paperclip ) and continuously trading up from table to table . One item on Jim and Pam 's table that piques his interest is a packet of `` miracle legumes . '' Jim claims he received them from a mysterious old man on vacation , and that they keep reappearing on his table whenever he puts them away . Dwight initially believes Jim is trying to prank him , but is astonished when they reappear after Jim had seemingly destroyed the packet . Eventually , his curiosity gets the better of him and he trades Jim a $ 150 telescope for the legumes . At the end of the episode , Dwight plants and waters the seeds and Jim secretly replaces the pots with full-grown plants .
Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) , Darryl Philbin ( Craig Robinson ) , and Kevin Malone ( Brian Baumgartner ) play and bet on the Dallas board game , which Kevin had for sale . As the instruction booklet is not with the game , Andy and Darryl make up the rules as they go along ; when Kevin objects , Andy simply claims `` that 's Dallas . '' Eventually , Kevin notices the money they had bet on the game is missing , and storms out . As Darryl and Andy look at each other in confusion , Kevin reveals to the cameras that he has the money , stating , `` And that ... is Dallas '' , mocking Andy 's statement .
Michael takes Holly on a walk through the office , pointing out the locations of various events throughout their courtship . He opens the door to the kitchen , revealing all of the other employees holding candles , a path in between them . Various members of the office ask Holly if she will marry them ( all part of Michael 's plan ) and she politely declines each one . Michael then leads Holly out to her desk , which is surrounded by dozens of candles . Michael gets down on his knee and begins to make a speech when the fire sprinklers go off due to the burning candles . The water drenches everyone in the office and Michael proposes . Holly accepts . Everyone then begins to congratulate Michael . However , Michael announces he is moving to Colorado with Holly , leaving his employees in shock .
Production
This episode was written by consulting producer Jon Vitti , his second writing credit of the series since joining the staff at the beginning of the seventh season . It was directed by series star Steve Carell , the third episode he has directed for the series . The episode marked Amy Ryan 's last physical appearance on the series , although she did speak in `` Goodbye , Michael '' . Ryan later said in an interview with New York that `` The script was so sweet anyway that it made us all have a good cry '' especially adding the fact that it was her final appearance . She also expressed her confidence that the series could survive without Carell and that it was the right move for him to leave . Vitti later submitted the episode for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series , but it was not nominated .
Cultural references
`` Garage Sale '' features several callbacks to previous episodes . Kevin 's skills at poker were previously shown in `` Casino Night '' . Michael 's St. Pauli Girl sign was previously shown in `` Dinner Party '' . Michael mentions when Toby left for Costa Rica from `` Night Out '' .
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast , `` Garage Sale '' was viewed by an estimated 7.07 million viewers and received a 3.4 rating/10 % share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 . This means that it was seen by 3.4 % of all 18- to 49-year-olds , and 10 % of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . This marked a slight rise in the ratings from the previous episode , `` Todd Packer '' , which received series lows . The episode ranked second in its timeslot beating the Fox crime drama Bones , which was seen by 8.78 million households ; and CBS coverage of NCAA basketball , which was seen by 6.82 million household ; but it was defeated by the ABC medical drama Grey 's Anatomy , which was seen by an average 10.1 million households .
Reviews
This episode received critical acclaim and is considered one of the best Office episodes . HitFix reviewer Alan Sepinwall called it one of his `` favorite Office episodes ever '' and also called it one of the greatest romantic sitcom episodes of all-time . He also said the episode could have served as Carell 's last episode , and praised `` Garage Sale '' for its multiple subplots , its exploration of the ensemble cast , and Jim 's prank against Dwight . Sepinwall named it one of the best TV episodes of 2011 for series that were not great the whole year and praised it for showcasing `` the ridiculous and romantic sides of The Office '' . He also wrote that it gave Fischer and Krasinski their best material for the series in years . Cindy White of IGN praised it for its mix of comedy and drama . She also complimented it for the showcase of the cast , ultimately giving the episode a 9/10 . James Poniewozik of Time said it `` was unspectacular as an episode overall but did build to a delightful moment as Michael finally proposed to Holly '' , later naming it one of his honorable mentions for the top 10 TV episodes of 2011 .
The A.V . Club writer Myles McNutt called the episode a `` spiritual successor to 'Casino Night ' , which remains one of my all-time favorite episodes of the series '' for `` turning what could feel like a gimmicky sitcom scenario into something that feels distinct to both the office [ the characters ] ... and The Office '' . He ultimately gave the episode an A− . Kevin Fallon of The Atlantic compared the proposal to other television proposals on Friends , Cheers and Frasier . New York writer Willer Paskin praised the writers for being adept at writing for romance . Following the airing of the episode , Colorado governor John Hickenlooper issued a press release appointing Michael Scott to the position of Director of Paper Distribution in the Department of Natural Resources . `` Garage Sale '' was voted the third-highest-rated out of 24 from the seventh season , according to a `` Survivor '' episode poll at the fansite OfficeTally . It was later named the 20th-best episode of the series according to an episode poll by OfficeTally . BuddyTV named the episode the 19th-best TV episode of 2011 and it was the only episode of the series to make the list .
References
External links
`` Garage Sale '' at NBC.com
The Office ( American season 7 ) episodes
2011 American television episodes
In quantum chemistry , the Dunham expansion is an expression for the rotational-vibrational energy levels of a diatomic molecule :
where and are the vibrational and rotational quantum numbers , and is the projection of along the internuclear axis in the body-fixed frame .
The constant coefficients are called Dunham parameters with representing the electronic energy . The expression derives from a semiclassical treatment of a perturbational approach to deriving the energy levels . The Dunham parameters are typically calculated by a least-squares fitting procedure of energy levels with the quantum numbers .
Relation to conventional band spectrum constants
This table adapts the sign conventions from the book of Huber and Herzberg .
See also
Rotational-vibrational spectroscopy
References
Spectroscopy
Molecular vibration
The Mayor of Macon-Bibb County is the highest elected official in the consolidated city-county government of Macon and Bibb County , Georgia . The county was established in 1822 , while the city was incorporated in 1823 . Heads of the city were known as `` intendents '' prior to 1833 . The city and county governments were consolidated in 2014 .
List of officeholders
Intendents of the City of Macon
David S. Booth ( 1824 )
James H. Rogers ( 1825 )
Edward Dorr Tracy ( 1826 )
Washington Poe ( 1827 )
Robert Birdsong ( 1828 )
Joseph Washburn ( 1829 )
W. J. Dannelly ( 1830 )
Isaac R. Rowland ( 1831 )
Levi Eckley ( 1832 )
Mayors of the City of Macon
Isaac G. Seymour ( 1833–1834 ) elected by Board of Aldermen
Robert Augustus Beall ( 1835 ) 1st popularly elected
Isaac G. Seymour ( 1836–1839 )
Washington Poe ( 1840–1841 )
Frederick Sims ( 1842 )
John J. Gresham ( 1843 )
James A. Nisbet ( 1844–1845 )
Isaac Holmes ( 1846 )
John J. Gresham ( 1847 )
George M. Logan ( 1848–1850 )
James H. R. Washington ( 1851 )
E. L. Strohecker ( 1852–1854 )
Benjamin Franklin Ross ( 1855–1856 )
A . B. Adams ( 1857 )
Ovid G. Sparks ( 1858–1860 ) resigned September 18 , 1860
Methvin S. Thompson ( 1860–1862 ) elected September 25 , 1860
Ovid G. Sparks ( 1863 )
Stephen Collins ( 1864–1866 )
George S. Obear ( 1867–1870 )
William A. Huff ( 1871–1879 )
Felix Corput ( 1880–1883 )
Sylvester B . Price ( 1884–1894 )
Henry Horne ( 1895–1896 )
Sylvester B . Price ( 1897 )
Bridges Smith ( 1898–1907 )
Alexander Lawton Miller ( 1908–1909 )
John T. Moore ( mayor ) ( 1910–1913 )
Bridges Smith ( 1914–1917 )
Glover Glendenning Toole ( 1918–1921 )
Luther Williams ( 1922–1925 )
Wallace Miller ( 1926–1927 )
Luther Williams ( 1928–1929 )
Glover Glendenning Toole ( 1930–1933 )
Herbert Ivan Smart ( 1933–1937 )
Charles L. Bowden ( 1937–1947 )
Lewis Burgess Wilson ( 1947–1953 )
Benjamin Franklin Merritt , Jr. ( 1953–1959 )
Edgar H. Wilson ( 1959–1963 )
Benjamin Franklin Merritt , Jr. ( 1963–1967 )
Ronnie Thompson ( 1967–1975 ) 1st elected Republican mayor
Buck Melton ( 1975–1979 )
George Israel ( 1979 – December 14 , 1987 ) 2nd elected Republican mayor
Lee Robinson ( December 14 , 1987 – December 11 , 1991 )
Tommy Olmstead ( December 11 , 1991 – 1995 )
David Carter ( 1995 )
Jim Marshall ( 1995 – December 14 , 1999 )
C. Jack Ellis ( December 14 , 1999 – December 12 , 2007 ) 1st African American mayor
Robert Reichert ( December 12 , 2007 - December 31 , 2013 )
Mayors of Macon-Bibb County
Robert Reichert ( January 1 , 2014 - December 30 , 2020 )
Lester Miller ( since January 1 , 2021 )
See also
Timeline of Macon , Georgia
References
External links
Macon Mayor 's office
Macon , Georgia
Pumuta ( Aymara puma cougar , puma , uta house , `` puma house '' ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia , about high . It is situated in the Oruro Department , Sajama Province , Curahuara de Carangas Municipality , Sajama Canton , north-west of the extinct Sajama volcano . Pumuta lies south-west of the mountain Jach ' a Kunturiri and north-east to east of the mountains Kunturiri and Jisk ' a Kunturiri .
The Kunturiri River originates south of the mountain . It flows to the south and then to the east as a tributary of the Sajama River .
See also
Sajama National Park
List of mountains in the Andes
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Elurivari Palem is a village located in Andhra Pradesh state , India .
Villages in Prakasam district
The 2012 ESPY Awards were announced from Nokia Theatre on July 11 , 2012 and showed during the telecast on ESPN , July 11 , 2012 . ESPY Award is short for Excellence in Sports Performance Yearly Award .
Winners
Best Female Athlete : Brittney Griner , Basketball
Best Male Athlete : LeBron James , Basketball
Best Team : Miami Heat
Best Coach/Manager : Tom Coughlin , New York Giants
Best Comeback : Matthew Stafford
Best Game -– San Francisco 49ers vs. New Orleans Saints
Best Moment -- Tim Tebow 's 80-yard touchdown pass
Best Play -- Christian Watford 's buzzer-beating shot to beat No . 1 Kentucky
Best Upset -— Los Angeles Kings as the 8th seed winning the Stanley Cup
College Athletic Program -- Stanford women 's athletics and Florida men 's athletics
Best International Athlete -- Lionel Messi
Best Record-Breaking Performance -- Drew Brees , New Orleans Saints
Breakthrough Athlete of the Year -- Jeremy Lin , New York Knicks
Best Male Action Sports Athlete -- Shaun White , Skateboarding-Snowboarding
Best Female Action Sports Athlete -- Jamie Anderson , Snowboarding
Best Male Athlete with a Disability -- Kyle Maynard , Climbing
Best Female Athlete with a Disability -- Jessica Long , Swimming
Best Driver -- Tony Stewart
Fighter of the Year -- Floyd Mayweather Jr .
NBA Player of the Year -- LeBron James , Miami Heat
NFL Player of the Year -- Aaron Rodgers , Green Bay Packers
NHL Player of the Year -- Jonathan Quick , Los Angeles Kings
MLB Player of the Year -- Josh Hamilton , Texas Rangers
WNBA Player of the Year -- Diana Taurasi , Phoenix Mercury
Best Bowler -- Sean Rash
Best Female Golfer -- Cristie Kerr
Best Male Golfer -- Bubba Watson
Best Jockey -- Mario Gutierrez
Best MLS Player -- David Beckham , Los Angeles Galaxy
Best Male Tennis Player -- Novak Djokovic
Best Female Tennis Player -- Maria Sharapova
In Memoriam
Junior Seau
Dave Gavitt
Joe Paterno
Bubba Smith
Al Davis
Chester McGlockton
Myra Kraft
Orlando Woolridge
Gary Carter
Mike Flanagan
Moose Skowron
Giorgio Chinaglia
Don Carter
Pavol Demitra
Joe Frazier
Sócrates
Angelo Dundee
Alketas Panagoulias
Bert Sugar
Sarah Burke
Dan Wheldon
External links
ESPY Winners
2012
ESPY
ESPY
ESPY
ESPY
The 1922–23 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 15th since its establishment .
Overview
King 's Own Rifiles won the title .
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League
1922 in Hong Kong
1923 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Bucinozomus is a monotypic genus of hubbardiid short-tailed whipscorpions , first described by Armas & Rehfeldt in 2015 . Its single species , Bucinozomus hortuspalmarum is distributed in Germany .
References
Schizomida genera
Monotypic arachnid genera
United Nations Security Council resolution 691 , adopted unanimously on 6 May 1991 , after recalling resolutions 637 ( 1989 ) , 644 ( 1989 ) and 675 ( 1990 ) , the Council endorsed a report by the Secretary-General and decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations Observer Group in Central America for a further six months until 7 November 1991 .
The resolution noted the need to remain vigilant of the financial costs of the Observer Group , given the increased demand on United Nations peacekeeping forces . It also requested the Secretary-General to report back before the end of the current mandate on all aspects of the Observer Group .
See also
History of Central America
History of Nicaragua
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 ( 1987–1991 )
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0691
History of Central America
Politics of Central America
0691
0691
1991 in El Salvador
1991 in Nicaragua
May 1991 events
Adolf Zika ( born 21 July 1972 ) is a Czech photographer .
Early life
Zika was born in Prachatice , Czechoslovakia ( now Czech Republic ) in 1972 . He graduated from secondary pedagogical school , and in 1988 became a member of the Center for Elite Sports in Prague . He won the title of Junior Champion of the country in judo , and earned a bronze medal in the European Junior Tournament in Vienna . In 1990 , he traveled to Budo University in Katsura , Japan , where he trained under the best judo fighters in the world . On his return , he quit his judo career without any official explanation .
In the following years , Zika composed music , toured and organized various projects . In 1993 , he was the guitarist and songwriter for the hardcore band Serious Music .
Career
Zika took up photography in 1994 , and a year later won first place in the sports category of the Czech Press Photo Contest . In 1996 , he worked for a German travel agency in Cologne . Following this , the fashion label Pietro Filipi selected him as their main photographer . In the spring of 1997 , Zika opened his own studio in Prague , began shooting fashion and commercial photography , and received his first large commissions . He began working on catalogs for fashion , creating calendars and working on commissions in Australia , Barbados , Hawaii , the Dominican Republic and other locations . He worked regularly for Playboy , where he photographed many of their covers . In 1999 , he formed the film and production company ZIPO film . In autumn 2000 , he was selected among six photographers to represent the Leica Camera brand at photokina 2000 in Cologne , and was included in their worldwide calendar . He was the author of the largest printed project of 2000 , involving the cooperation of 120 photographers from the Czech Republic and four other countries . The result was The Last Book of the Century , One Day in the Life of the Czech Republic . A year later , Zika was included in the book of personalities for Czech commercial and fashion photography .
Since 2001 , he has directed over two dozen television commercials , and worked on a feature-length film as a producer . In the same year , he began long-term cooperation with the mobile operator Orange SA . For Orange Slovakia , he created their entire re-branding campaign in South Africa . In 2002 , he was among the bestselling Czech artists at Paris Photo in the Louvre , where he represented the Leica Gallery Prague . He also won a tender to be the photographer for the commercial television station TV Nova , creating the photographic concept and creative promotional visuals for all its programs . He worked for the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs to prepare the official book for the Czech Republic 's entrance into the EU . In 2003 , he signed a contract with the publisher Presco Group for an annual calendar of his work to be distributed worldwide .
In September 2004 , his photographs were again on display at the photokina 2004 international exhibition in Cologne , this time in the Olympus E-system Gallery . His photographs were later displayed at the Black and White Past and Present gallery , organized as part of Interkamera 2006 , featuring three classic Czech photographers ( František Drtikol , Václav Chochola and Josef Sudek ) and three representatives from the current generation ( Jan Saudek , Robert Vano and Zika ) . In summer 2006 , with the support of Hasselblad and Leica , Zika took photographs for his planned publication 6 Days and 24 Hours of Le Mans , a non-traditional conception of the 24 hours of Le Mans endurance race .
In 2007 Adolf Zika directed a full-length documentary film Jan Saudek - V pekle svých vášní , ráj v nedohlednu , about the photographer Jan Saudek .
In 2008 , he made a feature-length documentary film about the 24 Hours of Le Mans race , entitled Le Mans Phenomenon . The film was later included in the Official Selection and screened at the 28th edition ( 2010 ) of the Milano International FICTS Festival of Sport , Movies and TV .
In 2009 , Zika published One Year of My Life in 3285 Pictures , in co-operation with Leica , a photography project illustrates a year of his life with nine photographs a day . As an extension of this idea , in the same year he founded the web project Week of Life , a documentary project which aims to create the largest photo library of humanity .
The following year , he directed the short documentary film Tichá Vášeň ( `` Silent Passion '' ) .
In October 2010 , he published another book , In The Shadow of Light , featuring portraits and landscapes as well as the still predominant artistic nude photography .
In February 2012 , Zika was awarded the METRO Zlatá pecka 2011 award for the TV spot `` Anthem '' , which he directed and created for Mountfield a.s. Later that year , he directed a feature-length documentary film , composed of collected footage sent by the Czech public , entitled Země česká , Domov Tvůj ! ( `` The Czech Land , Your Home ! `` ) , created in co-production with Czech TV .
Personal life
In June 2004 , Zika was arrested and remanded in custody for three months in connecting with an alleged sex trafficking operation centred around the Prague branch of the Slovak ELI modelling agency , before later being acquitted at trial .
He has been married twice , and has three children .
Awards
1995 1st Prize Czech Press Photo
2000 Leica Academy Germany Awards
2008 - Glass Eye Award ( Eurofest Montreal ) - the best documentary film Jan Saudek - Trapped by His Passions , No Hope for Rescue
2011 METRO Zlatá pecka
Books by Adolf Zika
Cirkus , 1996
The Last Book of the Century , 2000
Woman , 2005
6 DAYS AND 24 HOURS OF LE MANS , 2006
Luxurious Luminescence , 2006
ONE YEAR OF MY LIFE , 2009
In the Shadow of Light , 2010
Gallery
References
External links
Adolf Zika 's official website
Jan Saudek Documentary website
Adolf Zika 's Production company website
1972 births
Living people
People from Prachatice
Czech photographers
`` Goin ' Southbound '' is a song by American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway and is the first single released in support of his 1989 album Mosquitos .
Formats and track listing
All songs written by Stan Ridgway
European 7 '' single ( 060 24 1026 6 )
`` Goin ' Southbound '' – 4:43
`` Newspapers '' – 2:42
Australian 7 '' single ( 102088-7 )
`` Goin ' Southbound '' – 4:43
`` Peg and Pete and Me '' – 2:42
Charts
References
External links
1989 songs
1989 singles
I.R.S . Records singles
Stan Ridgway songs
Songs written by Stan Ridgway
Scalibregmatidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Opheliida .
Genera
Genera :
Asclerocheilus Ashworth , 1901
Axiokebuita Pocklington & Fournier , 1987
Axiokebutia
References
Polychaetes
Anannya Nattya Goshthi ( ) is a Bengali theatre group . The group is located in Chandpur , Bangladesh , and was founded on 24 October 1974 .
Productions
( in alphabetical order )
Ingit
References
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in Bangladesh
Azurety is an album by trombonist/tubist Ray Anderson , drummer Han Bennink and guitarist Christy Doran which was released on the hat ART label in 1994 .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Glenn Astarita stated `` On this release , the trio is simply having a blast as they surge forward with the intensity of your average high-octane , heavy metal rock outfit . ... The trio engages in uninhibited dialogue in concert with ominous sounding undercurrents thanks to a rollicking and rolling presentation of pieces spanning bluesy , dirge-like progressions and turbulently executed exchanges . ... The musicians also provide the listener with softly enacted swing vamps along with some downright riotous interplay . Recommended ! `` .
Track listing
All compositions by Ray Anderson except where noted
`` Open House '' ( Christy Doran ) – 11:21
`` Azurety '' – 7:04
`` B & D '' ( Han Bennink , Christy Doran ) – 4:29
`` March of the Hipsters '' – 6:54
`` Heights '' ( Doran ) – 10:55
`` Just Squeeze Me '' ( Duke Ellington ) – 3:29
`` A B D '' ( Anderson , Bennink , Doran ) – 3:26
'The Waters Dixon Line '' – 7:55
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone , tuba
Han Bennink – drums
Christy Doran – acoustic guitar , electric guitar , delay devices
References
Ray Anderson ( musician ) albums
Han Bennink albums
1994 albums
Hathut Records albums
Fabien Laurenti ( born 6 January 1983 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Career
Born in Marseille , Laurenti began his career at Olympique de Marseille . Limited playing time there inspired a move in 2004 to AC Ajaccio , where he made over 100 appearances . In the summer of 2007 , he left Ajaccio for RC Lens . On 8 January 2010 , Ligue 2 club Stade Brestois 29 signed Laurenti on loan until June 2010 from Lens .
Between 2003 and 2004 , he made three appearances for the France U21 team .
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Marseille
Association football defenders
French footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Olympique de Marseille players
AC Ajaccio players
RC Lens players
AC Arlésien players
France youth international footballers
Caleb Willoughby Shaffner ( February 1 , 1846 – December 28 , 1904 ) was a travelling salesman and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada . He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 as a Conservative member .
He was born in Nicteaux , Annapolis County , Nova Scotia , of German descent , and was educated at Acadia College . In 1871 , he married Annie Wood . He was a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia . Shaffner lived in Wilmot , Nova Scotia . He died in Truro at the age of 87 .
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion and annual register , 1880 , CH Mackintosh
A Directory of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia , 1758-1958 , Public Archives of Nova Scotia ( 1958 )
1845 births
1932 deaths
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
People from Annapolis County , Nova Scotia
Val Andrews ( 15 February 1926 – 12 December 2006 ) was a music hall artist , ventriloquist and writer .
Andrews was born in Hove , Sussex , England a few hours after Valentine 's Day , hence his name . Son of an architect , he was introduced to magic by his father . Andrews was a prolific writer on magic , having published over 1000 books and booklets from 1952 . He also authored Sherlock Holmes pastiches and Houdini 's novels . He lived for a number of years in Brighton , then in London ( from 1943 onwards ) where he joined the London Society of Magicians .
Awards
The John Nevil Maskelyne Prize ( 2000 )
Bibliography
Autobiography
Dedicated Magic ( 1971 )
Four seasons in the life of Val Andrews ( 1984 )
Sherlock Holmes novels
Sherlock Holmes and the Charlie Chaplin Affair
Sherlock Holmes and the Eminent Thespian ( 1988 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Brighton Pavilion Mystery ( 1989 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Egyptian Hall Adventure ( 1993 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Houdini Birthright ( 1995 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Yule-tide Mystery ( 1996 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Man Who Lost Himself ( 1996 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street A Dozen ( 1997 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Circus of Fear ( 1997 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Greyfriars School Mystery ( 1997 )
Sherlock Homes and the Theatre of Death ( 1997 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Sandringham House Mystery ( 1998 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Tomb of Terror ( 1999 )
Sherlock Holmes on the Western Front ( 1999 )
Sherlock Holmes at the Varieties ( 1999 )
The Torment of Sherlock Holmes ( 1999 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Longacre Vampire ( 2000 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Holborn Emporium ( 2001 )
Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Seven ( 2001 )
The Ghost of Baker Street ( 2006 )
The Prince of Ventriloquists : Another Case for Sherlock Holmes ( 2006 )
References
External links
Val Andrews at Fantastic Fiction
1926 births
2006 deaths
People from Hove
British writers
Phyllis Busansky ( March 3 , 1937 – June 23 , 2009 ) was the Democratic Commissioner of Hillsborough County , Florida from 1989 to 1997 . In 1995 she was named a `` Public Official of the Year '' by Governing magazine , She ran in Florida 's 9th congressional district election , 2006 , unsuccessfully . She defeated incumbent Buddy Johnson in the November 2008 election for Hillsborough Supervisor of Elections .
Busansky served Hillsborough County in a number of roles including Aging Services Director , Human Resources Director , County Commissioner . She was the first Executive Director of Florida 's welfare-to-work agency ( WAGES ) , under former Governors Lawton Chiles and Jeb Bush . The agency had a $ 1.2 billion annual budget .
Death
Busansky , 72 , a native of Hartford , Connecticut , was attending the Florida State Association of Supervisor of Elections conference in St. Augustine , Florida with members of her staff . When she did n't show up for the conference , coworkers came looking for her , and found her dead in her hotel room .
References
External links
ABC Action News report
1937 births
2009 deaths
County commissioners in Florida
Florida Democrats
Jewish American people in Florida politics
People from Hillsborough County , Florida
Politicians from Hartford , Connecticut
20th-century American politicians
Wheaton College ( Massachusetts ) alumni
20th-century American Jews
21st-century American Jews
Clepsis melissa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in India , Nepal , China ( Sichuan , Yunnan ) and Vietnam .
References
Moths described in 1908
Clepsis
Sunview is an unincorporated community in Green Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Geography
Sunview is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Blaine County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 United States Census , the population was 24,272 . The county seat and largest city is Hailey . It is also home to the Sun Valley ski resort , adjacent to Ketchum .
Blaine County was created by the territorial legislature on March 5 , 1895 , by combining Alturas and Logan counties ; it was named for former congressman and 1884 Republican presidential nominee James G. Blaine . Its present boundaries were set on February 8 , 1917 , when a western portion was partitioned off to form Camas County .
Blaine County is part of the Hailey , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The Wood River Valley in present-day Blaine County was organized as part of Alturas County by the Idaho Territorial Legislature in 1864 . By the 1880s the valley supported a thriving mining commerce ; in 1882 the county seat of Alturas County was moved from Rocky Bar in present-day Elmore County to Hailey , in response to a population shift from Rocky Bar – which would eventually become a ghost town – to the Wood River Valley .
The Blaine County boundaries described in its 1895 creation ordinance contained lands that soon were partitioned off to form other counties . Only thirteen days after the official formation date of Blaine , Lincoln County was formed from the county . Lincoln itself was later partitioned to create Gooding ( 1913 ) , Minidoka ( 1913 ) , and Jerome ( 1919 ) counties . Blaine County was further reduced in 1917 when Camas County was formed .
The strong mining economy of the 1880s had substantially declined by 1890 , when Idaho Territory became a state . The county began to recast itself as a tourism destination in 1936 with the opening of the Sun Valley resort , originally owned by the Union Pacific Railroad . The area soon attracted celebrity visitors , and later residents , most notably Ernest Hemingway , who is buried in the Ketchum Cemetery . Celebrities who have lived in Blaine County include Adam West , Demi Moore , and John Kerry .
County profile
Most Blaine County residents live in the Wood River Valley along State Highway 75 in the western half of the county . This area includes all of the county 's incorporated cities and towns except Carey , which is located in the south-central part of the county at the junction of US 20 with US 26/93 . The county 's gerrymandered southeastern panhandle , known locally as the Yale area , is sparsely populated .
As the home of a major ski resort , Blaine County has a higher cost of living than surrounding areas ; the median value of its owner-occupied housing units is more than double the state average . As a result , many who work in Blaine County live in outlying areas , particularly in the city of Shoshone in neighboring Lincoln County . It is estimated that 2,540 people from outside the county commute to work in Blaine County .
Government and politics
Since 1992 , Blaine County has gained a reputation as a Democratic Party enclave in strongly Republican Idaho . The Democratic presidential candidate has won the county in every election since ; that year , incumbent George H. W. Bush finished third behind Bill Clinton and Ross Perot . In 2000 and 2004 , Blaine was the only Idaho county carried by Al Gore and John Kerry , respectively . Barack Obama carried the county in 2008 by a 33.2 % margin over John McCain , while McCain won statewide by a 25.3 % margin . It was one of three counties ( Latah , Teton ) in Idaho won by Obama in 2008 , and by far the highest margin . In 2020 , Joe Biden defeated incumbent Donald Trump in the county by 36.8 percentage points , with his 67.1 % vote share being the highest for any Democrat since 1900 .
Obama also carried Blaine County in 2012 with 58.8 percent of the vote , compared to Mitt Romney 's 38.7 percent . Blaine County was the only Idaho county in which Obama received over 50 percent of the vote , although he also carried Latah County with 49.6 percent of the vote . From 1968 through 1988 , a less populated Blaine County was won by the Republican candidate in all six presidential elections , as was the state of Idaho , although even then the county voted more Democratic than Idaho as a whole in every election going back to 1924 .
Similar to other Idaho counties , an elected three-member county commission heads the county government . Other elected officials include clerk , treasurer , sheriff , assessor , and prosecutor .
In 2006 , Blaine County voted 66.3 % against HJR 2 , which amended the Idaho Constitution to outlaw same-sex marriage in Idaho ; the measure passed with 63.4 % of the statewide vote . Latah County , ( Moscow , home of the University of Idaho ) , was the only other county where the measure failed .
At the state level , Blaine County is located in Legislative District 25 , which currently has an all-Democratic delegation in the Idaho Legislature . Michelle Stennett , the current minority leader of the Idaho Senate , and Wendy Jaquet , a member of the Idaho House of Representatives and a former minority leader of that body , both live in Ketchum .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Butte County – northeast
Bingham County – east
Power County – southeast
Cassia County – south
Minidoka County – southeast
Lincoln County – south
Camas County – west
Elmore County – northwest
Custer County – northwest
Major highways
– US 20
– US 26
– US 93
– Sawtooth Scenic Byway
National protected areas
Craters of the Moon National Monument ( part )
Minidoka National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Salmon-Challis National Forest ( part )
Sawtooth National Forest ( part )
Sawtooth National Recreation Area ( part )
Hemingway–Boulders Wilderness ( part )
Sawtooth Wilderness ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census , there were 18,991 people , 7,780 households , and 4,839 families in the county . The population density was 7 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 12,186 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 90.73 % White , 0.13 % Black or African American , 0.33 % Native American , 0.73 % Asian , 0.07 % Pacific Islander , 6.43 % from other races , and 1.57 % from two or more races . 10.69 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 17.0 % were of English , 14.6 % German , 10.8 % Irish and 6.2 % American ancestry .
There were 7,780 households , out of which 31.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.20 % were married couples living together , 7.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 37.80 % were non-families . 27.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 5.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96 .
The county population contained 24.00 % under the age of 18 , 7.70 % from 18 to 24 , 32.60 % from 25 to 44 , 27.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 107.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 106.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 50,496 , and the median income for a family was $ 60,037 . Males had a median income of $ 35,949 versus $ 27,487 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 31,346 . About 4.90 % of families and 7.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.80 % of those under age 18 and 5.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 21,376 people , 8,823 households , and 5,575 families in the county . The population density was . There were 15,050 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.9 % white , 0.9 % Asian , 0.6 % American Indian , 0.2 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 11.8 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 20.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 24.1 % were German , 18.8 % were English , 11.4 % were Irish , and 7.9 % were American .
Of the 8,823 households , 32.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.8 % were married couples living together , 7.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 36.8 % were non-families , and 28.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.99 . The median age was 40.4 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 61,854 and the median income for a family was $ 73,929 . Males had a median income of $ 48,036 versus $ 37,603 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 32,656 . About 4.9 % of families and 9.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.9 % of those under age 18 and 8.2 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
All but one public school in the county is administered by the Blaine County School District . There are two public high schools in the county , Wood River High School in Hailey , and Carey High School in Carey . Syringa Mountain School is the first charter school to be approved in Blaine County ; it opened in 2014 . The rural Yale area in the county 's southeastern panhandle is served by schools in neighboring Minidoka County .
Private schools include Community School in Sun Valley and The Sage School in Hailey .
The College of Southern Idaho , a community college based in Twin Falls , operates an off-campus outreach center in Hailey .
Communities
Cities
Bellevue
Carey
Hailey
Ketchum
Sun Valley
Unincorporated communities
Cathedral Pines
Doniphan
Galena
Gannett
Gimlet
Picabo
Triumph
Sawtooth City
Stanton Crossing
Tikura
Ghost towns
Boulder
Vienna
Festivals
Blaine County hosts Wagon Days , Trailing of the Sheep Festival , Sun Valley Harvest Festival , and the Sun Valley for the Arts Wine Auction , among other events .
The Blaine County Fair is an annual summer event .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Blaine County , Idaho
References
External links
Official site
Blaine County at Idaho.gov
Visit Sun Valley
Blaine County Fair
Idaho counties
1895 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1895
Tan Ruiwu ( born 30 June 1983 ) is a Croatian table tennis player of Chinese origin . As of December 2012 , he is ranked no . 48 in the world by the International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) . He is also left-handed , and uses the shakehand grip .
Tan represented his adopted nation Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where he competed for the singles and team events . In his first event , men 's singles , Tan received two byes in the preliminary rounds , before defeating Japan 's Seiya Kishikawa , Singapore 's Gao Ning , and Hong Kong 's Li Ching . He reached the quarterfinal round of the competition , where he lost to China 's Wang Liqin , with a unanimous set score of 0–4 . Few days later , Tan joined the national team , with his fellow players Andrej Gaćina and six-time Olympic veteran Zoran Primorac , for the inaugural men 's team event . He and his team placed second in the preliminary pool , with two victories and a single defeat from the German team ( led by Dimitrij Ovtcharov ) , but was offered a second chance for the bronze medal by entering the playoffs . Tan and his team , however , lost their first playoff to the Austrian team , with a set score of 1–3 .
2020 Superleague incident in Dubrovnik
During the Tennis Superleague match held in Dubrovnik , Croatia on 15 February 2020 , fans of the opposing team began insulting Tan Ruiwu , referring to him as the coronavirus . Even the manager used such expressions . On 17 February 2020 , the team apologized and all racist comments were deleted afterwards
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1983 births
Living people
Croatian male table tennis players
Croatian people of Chinese descent
Chinese male table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of Croatia
Table tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players from Shenyang
Naturalised table tennis players
Chinese emigrants to Croatia
Naturalized citizens of Croatia
Life in the Finnish Woods ( Swedish : Livet i Finnskogarna ) is a 1947 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Carl Jularbo , Naima Wifstrand and Barbro Ribbing . It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm with location shooting around Bollnäs in Eastern Sweden . The film 's sets were designed by the art director P.A . Lundgren . It takes its title from a 1913 waltz of the same title by Jularbo , whose signature tune it became .
Synopsis
It is set in 1906 when Forest Finns settlers who set up their home in the plains of Sweden over the previous centuries still face the hostility from local Swedes .
Cast
Carl Jularbo as Self
Naima Wifstrand as Mrs. Sigrid Malm
Barbro Ribbing as Ingeborg Malm
Bengt Logardt as Gunnar Malm
Kenne Fant as Heikki Purje
Mirjami Kuosmanen as Aino
Sigbrit Molin as Ellen Bjurselius
John Elfström as Simon Bäcklin
Eric Laurent as Johan Lång
Henning Ohlsson as Kolar-Jocke
Torgny Anderberg as August
Eivor Landström as Margit
Nine-Christine Jönsson as Inger
Carl Reinholdz as Mattias på Lagsta
Nils Hultgren as Jon-Erik i Bråten
Siegfried Fischer as Nils i Fallet
Torsten Bergström as County constable
References
Bibliography
Qvist , Per Olov & von Bagh , Peter . Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland . Greenwood Publishing Group , 2000 .
External links
1947 films
Swedish drama films
1947 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in Sweden
1940s Swedish films
is a railway station in Kure , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
The American 200 presented by Black 's Tire and Auto Service was an ARCA Racing Series race that took place at Rockingham Speedway in 1973 and from 2008 until 2010 . Charlie Glotzbach won the inaugural event , while Ty Dillon won the final event .
History
During the inaugural race , Charlie Glotzbach led 285 laps out of 295 to win ahead of Charlie Blanton , who was two laps down . Before the race , only 13 cars were able to qualify before rain moved into the area , causing the remainder of the grid lined up according to sign-in time at the track . In 2008 , Joey Logano won after taking the pole position and leading 257 laps out of 312 . In 2009 Sean Caisse won the spring event , and Parker Kligerman won in the fall . The final race was held in 2010 , and was won by Ty Dillon .
Past winners
References
External links
Racing-Reference.info – Rockingham Speedway
ARCA Menards Series races
Motorsport in North Carolina
1973 establishments in North Carolina
Justin Kirk ( born May 28 , 1969 ) is an American actor known for portraying Prior Walter in Mike Nichols 's screen adaptation of Angels in America , for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie , losing to costar Jeffrey Wright . Kirk is also known for his portrayal of Andy Botwin on the series Weeds .
Early years
Kirk was born in Salem , Oregon . His mother was of Russian-Jewish descent and his father was of Danish and English ancestry .
Kirk grew up in Union , Washington , where he attended a grade school on a Native American reservation , until his family moved to Minneapolis , Minnesota , when he was 12 years old . He attended high school there and performed at Children 's Theatre Company . He moved to New York City after graduating . Kirk played guitar in several New York bands in the early 1990s , most notably The Dimestore Darlings . He completed a two-year conservatory acting program at Circle in the Square Theatre School .
Career
His first role on Broadway was a play called Any Given Day , which was performed at the Longacre Theatre . He appeared in Love ! Valour ! Compassion ! both in the film and in the original stage version – for which he received an Obie Award for Distinguished Performance in the Ensemble . He also appeared in Other Desert Cities with Stockard Channing , Judith Light , and Stacy Keach . He won a Backstage West Garland Award for Outstanding Performance for his role as a piano prodigy in Old Wicked Songs , staged at New York 's Promenade Theater and Los Angeles ' Geffen Playhouse .
Kirk 's other films include Flannel Pajamas , Chapter Zero , The Eden Myth , Puccini for Beginners , and Call o ' the Glen . He made his television series debut in Jack & Jill . He starred as Andy Botwin on the Showtime television series Weeds alongside former Angels in America co-star Mary-Louise Parker .
In 2017 Kirk starred in the procedural drama APB , which was cancelled by Fox after its first season .
Filmography
Film
Television
Stage
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1969 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American people of Danish descent
American people of English descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Circle in the Square Theatre School alumni
Jewish American male actors
Living people
Male actors from Salem , Oregon
Obie Award recipients
21st-century American Jews
Robert Ryan ( 1923 – 25 October 2009 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s . He played at representative level for Great Britain and England , and at club level for Triangle Valve ARLFC , Warrington ( Heritage № 467 ) , as a , or , i.e . number 11 or 12 , or 13 , during the era of contested scrums .
Playing career
International honours
Ryan won caps for England while at Warrington in 1950 against France , in 1952 against Other Nationalities , and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington on the 1950 Great Britain Lions tour against Australia , and New Zealand ( 2 matches ) , in 1951 against New Zealand , and in 1952 against Australia .
Championship Final appearances
Ryan played right- , i.e . number 12 , in Warrington 's 15–5 victory over Bradford Northern in the Championship Final during the 1947–48 season at Maine Road , Manchester .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Ryan played in Warrington 's 4–4 draw with Halifax in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup Final during the 1953–54 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 24 April 1954 , in front of a crowd of 81,841 , and played in the 8–4 victory over Halifax in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup Final replay during the 1953–54 season at Odsal Stadium , Bradford on Wednesday 5 May 1954 , in front of a record crowd of 102,575 or more .
County Cup Final appearances
Ryan played right- , i.e . number 12 , in Warrington 's 5–28 defeat by Wigan in the 1950–51 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1950–51 season at Station Road , Swinton on Saturday 4 November 1950 .
Club career
Ryan made his début for Warrington on Saturday , 6 October 1945 , and he played his last match for Warrington on Saturday , 8 March 1958 .
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Bob Ryan is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Britain hold out Kiwis at Odsal
RL legend dies after long illness
Bob Ryan funeral on Monday
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1923 births
2009 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Wigan
Rugby league locks
Rugby league second-rows
Warrington Wolves players
The ninth season of the stop-motion television series Robot Chicken began airing in the United States on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim , on December 10 , 2017 , containing 20 episodes .
Episodes
References
2017 American television seasons
2018 American television seasons
Robot Chicken seasons
The 47th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1960 Nova Scotia general election , the 46th overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 47th General Assembly of Nova Scotia , or
the 1963 Nova Scotia general election , the 47th overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the 48th General Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 25th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Swallowfield is a village and civil parish in Berkshire , England , about south of Reading , and north of the county boundary with Hampshire .
Geography
The civil parish of Swallowfield also includes the nearby villages of Riseley and Farley Hill , and is , in turn , within the Borough of Wokingham . Swallowfield has a site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) on the south western edge of the village , called Stanford End Mill and River Loddon The village has a local nature reserve called Swallowfield Meadow . Swallowfield Park is a stately home situated in an estate half a mile north east of the village . The current mansion has been converted into exclusive apartments .
Notable residents
Swallowfield has been the home of a number of famous persons including Thomas 'Diamond ' Pitt , the Governor of Fort St. George ; William Backhouse , the Rosicrucian philosopher ; Henry Hyde , 2nd Earl of Clarendon ; and , in his childhood , Edward Hyde , 3rd Earl of Clarendon . The 19th century author Mary Russell Mitford retired to the village and is buried in the churchyard .
References
External links
Swallowfield Parish Council
Swallowfield Parish Allotments
Royal Berkshire History : Swallowfield
Villages in Berkshire
Civil parishes in Berkshire
Borough of Wokingham
Rise and Shine is the third EP by American singer and songwriter Cassadee Pope , released on August 7 , 2020 through Awake Music . Pope co-wrote all eight of the tracks and also co-produced the record with Todd Lombardo , both firsts in her solo career .
Recording
Rise and Shine includes a cover of `` Hangover '' , originally recorded by Pope 's band Hey Monday on their 2010 extended play , Beneath It All . The other seven songs were written in 2017 but were not recorded in full until 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic . Pope 's boyfriend , actor and musician Sam Palladio , is featured as a backing vocalist on `` California Dreaming '' . The album is recorded acoustically to showcase the song 's messages . `` I wanted people to hear these in their purest form so I went with a more stripped back sound that really lets the lyrics stand out , '' Pope told MusicRow .
Promotion
Pope announced the release of the album on June 22 , 2020 . `` Let Me Go '' and `` Built This House '' were released to online music stores and music streaming services on June 26 . Two more songs - `` Hoodie '' and `` Counting on the Weather '' - were then released July 17 , 2020 . Pope hosted virtual release parties for the lyric video of `` Let Me Go '' and `` Hoodie '' , respectively , on June 25 and July 16 . A lyric video for the title track premiered August 6 , 2020 one day ahead of the album 's release .
Critical reception
Rianna Turner of Forbes wrote that the acoustic format `` puts [ Pope 's ] flexible voice front-and-center , '' and that Pope 's vocal performance is `` marked by its clarity . '' Markos Papadatos of Digital Journal gave the song an `` A '' rating and wrote that Pope 's `` voice is crystalline and heavenly on this organic record . ''
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2020 EPs
Cassadee Pope albums
Rådhusstræde 3 is a Neoclassical property located in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark . It was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1939 .
History
18th century
The property was in 1689 as No . 142 ub Sbaren 's Quarter owned by one Anders Larsen . By 1756 , it was as No . 125 owned by Andreas Adam Kolmes ,
The property was at the time of the 1787 census owned by brewer Ole Nielsen Lind . He lived there with his daughter Olive Benedicte Lovise Lind , four employees and a maid .
The property was together with most of the other buildings in the area destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795 . The current building on the site was constructed in 1796-1797 for brewer Carl Adolph Frost .
19th century
The building was at the time of the 1801 census owned by court bookprinter Nicolaus Møller . Wendelia Christiane Lovise [ Møller ] , the owner 's son , was also a resident in the building . He lived there with his wife Anna Sophie Seyfart , their five children ( aged 2 to 11 ) , the wife 's sister Anne Marie Frideriche Seyfart , the literatus Gustav Wemmenhøy , three apprentices and two maids . Another household consisted of overkrigskommisær Poul Terchelsen , his wife Hans Giødert Terchelsen , their seven-year-old daughter Anna Friderica Margrethe [ Terchelsen ] and the lodger Henrich Georg Tønder . Jens Dreyer , a royal customs officer , resided in the building with two maids . Peder Espensen Møller , a used goods dealer , resided in the basement with his wife Bolette Jensdatter , three children from the wife 's first marriage and a maid .
The theologian and filologist Børge Riisbrigh Thorlacius ( 1775-1829 ) was a resident in the building from 1804 to 1821 . The statistician and historian Frederik Thaarup ( 1766-1845 ) was a resident in the building in 1831–32 . He had just served as editor of Nyeste Skilderie af Kjøbenhavn from 1825 to 1831 . The writer M. A. Goldschmidt ( 1819-1887 ) was a resident in the building in 1859 .
The property was in the new Cadastre of 1806 listed as No . 45 . It was by then still owned by Møller & Søn ( Møller & Son ) .
Harald Carstensen ( died 1927 ) established a sugar refinery in the building on 4 April 1878 . The company was in 1903 converted into a limited company ( aktieselskab ) . It was on 1 February 1947 acquired by Axel Kofoed ( born 1897 ) .
Architecture
The complex consists of a main wing towards the street , a side wing , a cross wing and a rear wing . The main wing is seven bays wide . The building was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1939 .
References
Listed buildings and structures in Copenhagen
Sugar refineries in Copenhagen
Buildings and structures completed in 1797
1797 establishments in Denmark
Joseph Ford ( 18 December 1927 – 26 April 1995 ) was Regents ' Professor of physics at Georgia Institute of Technology specializing in thermodynamics and chaos theory .
Early life and education
Born in Buncombe County , North Carolina , he was awarded a BS degree by the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1952 and a Ph.D in physics by Johns Hopkins University in 1956 .
Career
Ford spent two years as a research physicist at Union Carbide Corporation in Niagara Falls , New York before joining the faculty at the University of Miami in 1958 . He was then appointed an associate professor at Georgia Tech University in 1961 , rising to become Regents ' Professor of Physics there in 1978 , a position he held until his death in 1995 .
He was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 1989 `` for pioneering contributions in classical and quantal chaos , and for fundamental and significant contributions to theory of statistical mechanics , ergodicity , and stochasticity , and chaos ''
Joseph Ford Commemorative Lectures
In 1995 , the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Physics established the Joseph Ford Commemorative Lecture in honor of Joe 's Memory .
References
External links
Joseph Ford Papers - Georgia Tech Library
The New Physics , Chapter 12 - Google Books
Physics Today Volume 48 Issue 10 OBITUARIES
Annual Joseph Ford Commemorative Lecture
1927 births
1995 deaths
Georgia Tech alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Georgia Tech faculty
University of Miami faculty
20th-century American physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Harold `` Harry '' Keetley ( 9 April 1903-4Q 1982 ) was an English footballer who played as a forward .
He was born in Derby one of eleven brothers and one sister . Like eight of his brothers he started off playing for the local amateur Victoria Ironworks team . He and five of his brothers , Arthur , Joe , Tom , Frank and Charlie , went on to play professionally in the Football League .
Playing career
He signed for Doncaster Rovers in August 1924 , being transferred to Mansfield Town in June 1927 .
Three of his brothers Harry , Tom and Frank also played for Doncaster during their careers . On 20 February 1926 at Belle Vue , Joe , Harry and Frank all played upfront for Doncaster against Wigan Borough , with Harry scoring in the 1–1 draw .
References
1903 births
1982 deaths
Footballers from Derby
English footballers
Matlock Town F.C . players
Doncaster Rovers F.C . players
Mansfield Town F.C . players
Association football forwards
Birk Risa ( born 13 February 1998 ) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Molde .
Club career
1 . FC Köln
Risa joined 1 . FC Köln 's youth ranks in 2014 from Sandnes Ulf . He made his Bundesliga debut for 1 . FC Köln on 10 December 2017 against SC Freiburg .
Odd
In March 2018 , he left 1 . FC Köln to return to Norway , joining Odd on a contract until December 2021 . Despite his debut in Bundesliga in 2017 , Risa signed for Odds BK to play regularly in the first team .
Molde
On 6 October 2020 , Risa signed a contract with Molde until 2023 . He made his debut on 25 October in a 2–1 win over Strømsgodset . His European debut followed on 26 November , as he started at left-back in the 3–0 home loss to Arsenal in the UEFA Europa League group stage . Molde would manage to knock out Hoffenheim in the round of 32 , but eventually lost on aggregate to Granada in the round of 16 . Risa made five appearances for Molde in the 2020–21 European campaign .
Risa scored his first goal for Molde on 16 June 2021 in a 4–1 win over Sarpsborg 08 , after having come on as a substitute for Kristoffer Haugen in the 80th minute and scoring in injury time .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Molde
Norwegian Cup : 2021–22
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Stavanger
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norway under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
1 . FC Köln players
1 . FC Köln II players
Odds BK players
Molde FK players
Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Lloyd Street Grounds was a baseball park located in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . It was used by two different professional baseball clubs during 1895–1903 .
The field was situated about one mile northwest of downtown Milwaukee in the eastern part of a block bounded by West North Avenue on the north , North 16th Street on the east , North 18th Street on the west and West Lloyd Street on the south . The field faced due north , so Lloyd Street ran directly behind home plate and the grandstand .
History
The first occupants of the Lloyd Street Grounds were the Milwaukee Brewers of the Western League , which opened the park in 1895 after leaving Athletic Park , the eventual Borchert Field . The Western League became the American League in 1900 , but was still officially a minor league . In 1901 the American League became a major league , retaining Milwaukee as one of its charter members .
The first major league game played at Lloyd Street was on 3 May 1901 and the last on 12 September 1901 . For 1902 , the Brewers announced they were moving to St. Louis to become the St. Louis Browns , where they remained until 1954 , when the Browns moved to Baltimore to become the Baltimore Orioles .
A new Western League formed in 1902 , with the Milwaukee Creams as a charter member . This club played for two years in competition with the new Milwaukee Brewers of the newly formed American Association , which had re-opened the park eventually known as Borchert Field .
The city was n't large enough to support two clubs , and the Western entry folded after 1903 . The Western League continued on until 1937 , maintaining a close relationship with the American Association , trading franchises back and forth on occasion , and playing post-season series from time to time . But 1903 was the end of the Western 's Milwaukee experiment , and of the Lloyd Street ballpark as a professional venue .
Major leagues
When the National League contracted by four teams following the 1899 season , it opened the door for a second Major League . Ban Johnson , the President of the minor Western League , decided to step up his league to the top level , changing its name to the American League . He placed teams in cities that the National League had shunned , and other teams were placed in already existing National League cities to create a rivalry .
With all this moving around , only two cities survived from the Western League : Detroit , which would soon experience a boom as a result of the burgeoning automotive industry ; and Milwaukee , which was years away from being a major-league sized city . Almost from the start of the season plans were underway to relocate the Brewers ; this resulted in the club finishing dead last with a 48-89 record . The Brewers moved to St. Louis the following season , and became the Browns .
Milwaukee was a successful minor league city for years , before getting another Major League team in 1953 , when the NL 's Braves moved from Boston . After the Braves left Milwaukee without a team again in 1966 , the Milwaukee Brewers were re-incarnated in 1970 , when the Pilots moved from Seattle after just one season .
See also
List of baseball parks in Milwaukee
References
Michael Benson , Baseball Parks of North America , McFarland , 1989 .
External links
Lloyd Street Grounds
Article including a diagram of the ballpark
Defunct Major League Baseball venues
Sports venues in Milwaukee
1895 establishments in Wisconsin
Event venues established in 1895
1903 disestablishments in Wisconsin
Dilip Parulekar is an Indian Politician from the state of Goa.He is a two term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Saligao constituency . Parulekar was a Minister in the Laxmikant Parsekar led government in Goa . and his portfolios included Women & Child Development , Tourism , Ports and Protocol .
Controversy
Opposition alleged that he was involved in a Serula Land Grab Case and having fake educational qualification . The minister is allegedly involved in the Multi crore Beach Cleaning Scam . The case is currently being investigated by the Goa Lokayukta .
External links
Goa council of ministers
References
Living people
People from Porvorim
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Guan Gong is a Taiwanese television series based on the life of Guan Yu and parts of the 14th century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms by Luo Guanzhong , while incorporating some elements of fantasy and Chinese mythology as well . The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on CTS from 31 July to 15 October in 1996 .
Cast
Kou Fung as Guan Yu / Dragon King of the South Sea
Chen Chun-sheng as young Guan Yu
Tsui Hao-jan as Zhang Fei
Chang Fu-chien as Liu Bei
Lung Lung as Cao Cao
Sung Ta-min as Lü Bu
Lung Kuan-wu as Ding Yuan
Irene Chiu Yu-Ting as Diaochan
Chang Feng as Sima Hui
Chao Shu-hai as Zhuge Liang
Hsieh Tsu-wu as Zhao Yun
Mini Kung as Huang Yueying
Sze Yu as Lu Su
Yang Chun as Dong Zhuo
Wei Tzu-yun as Sun Ce
Lee Hsing-wen as Sun Quan
Chin Fung as Zhou Yu
Esther Kwan as Sun Shangxiang
Tsui Pei-yi as Daqiao
Yueh Ling as Xiaoqiao
Yang Chung-en as Lu Xun
Ou-yang Lung as Hua Tuo
Wang Miyuki as Sang Xiaodie
Ku Kuan-chung as Yuan Shao
Alyssa Chia as Wen Xiu
Wang Hao as Lü Yu
Vicky Chen as Xiaoying
Huang Chung-yu as Hua Xiong / Zhang Liao
Lu Fung as Zhou Cang
Hsia Ching-ting as Yu Ji
Kuang Ming-chieh as Xiahou Ying
Li Luo as Kong Xiu
Huang Ying-hsun as Guan Ping
Mayko Chen as Guan Yan
Chiang Hsia as Guan Yu 's mother
Li Hsuan as Lady Gan
Mei Chang-fen as Lady Mi
Yu Ke-hsin as Lady Bian
Shao Pei-yu as Holy Mother
See also
List of media adaptations of Romance of the Three Kingdoms
External links
1996 Taiwanese television series debuts
1996 Taiwanese television series endings
Taiwanese television series
Television series set in the Eastern Han dynasty
Works based on Romance of the Three Kingdoms
1990s Taiwanese television series
Martha Bunting ( 2 December 1861 – 13 October 1944 ) was an American biologist and teacher .
Biography
Bunting became the first president of the Beta Alpha chapter of the national Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority at the University of Pennsylvania , the first sorority at the university in March 1890 .
References
American biologists
1861 births
1944 deaths
A virtual business ( short : virtubis ) employs electronic means to transact business as opposed to a traditional brick and mortar business that relies on face-to-face transactions with physical documents and physical currency or credit .
History
Amazon.com was a virtual business ( short : virtubis ) pioneer . As an online bookstore , it delivered and brokered bookstore services without a physical retail store presence ; efficiently connecting buyers and sellers without the overhead of a brick-and-mortar location . As Web 2.0 services have risen in popularity , many businesses have begun to use these communicative and collaborative technologies to reach their customers . With heightened security , PCI DSS compliance regulations , and more stringent monitoring abilities , credit card transactions via the Internet are even more secure than other options such as phone or fax . Along with connecting customers with physical products , virtual businesses are starting to provide important services as well . Recently , the online delivery of professional services such as administration , design , and marketing services have risen in popularity . Such companies have refined their offerings to include services such as a Virtual Assistant , in which the person providing the service works out of his/her own office and provides services via the Internet or other technology .
Physical–virtual blending
Most brick-and-mortar companies reduce costs and increase market share by engaging in e-commerce via web sites and by leveraging their existing telecommunications infrastructure . In addition to sales and customer relations , such e-commerce may also include :
Collaborating with suppliers and competitors .
Outsourcing many of the business functions like marketing , operations management and new product development ,
Remote work
Virtual worlds
Some virtual businesses operate solely in a virtual world . Environments such as Second Life have enough economical activity to be viable for commerce and one can make a living from sales of virtual property , products and services to virtual customers in these virtual worlds .
Virtual corporations
In the USA groups of people can assemble online and enter into an agreement to work together toward a for-profit goal , with or without having to formally incorporate or form a traditional company . A virtual corporation ( S corporation or LLC ) may be required to maintain a registered agent with a physical address but it can be started , operated and terminated without any of the principals ever being in each other 's physical presence . Global Healthcare Marketing and Communications , LLC ( Global HMC ) is an example of a virtual corporation operating worldwide sans bricks or mortar . The company provides medical education services to major pharmaceutical companies and the business model differs significantly from traditional medical education agencies with a physical presence .
Virtual enterprise
A virtual enterprise is a network of independent companies—suppliers , customers , competitors , linked by information technology to share skills , costs , and access to each other 's markets . Such organizations are usually formed on the basis of a cooperative agreement with little or no hierarchy or vertical integration . This flexible structure minimizes the impact of the agreement on the participants ' individual organizations and facilitates adding new participants with new skills and resources . Such arrangements are usually temporary and dissolve once a common goal is achieved . A virtual enterprise is rarely associated with an independent legal corporation or brick-and-mortar identity of its own .
See also
Distributed development
Virtual community of practice
Virtual management
Virtual office
Virtual team
Virtual volunteering
References
Business terms
Kabwe District is a district of Zambia , located in Central Province . The capital lies at Kabwe . As of the 2010 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 195,979 people . It consists of two constituencies , namely Kabwe Central and Bwacha .
References
Districts of Central Province , Zambia
Kabwe
The 2005 Geelong Football Club season was the club 's 106th season in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . Geelong finished the regular season in sixth position on the ladder . After defeating Melbourne in the Elimination Final they were defeated by Sydney in the Semi-Final at the SCG .
News
Captains
Captain : Steven King
Vice-Captain : Cameron Ling
Club list
Changes from 2005
Games
Premiership season
Finals
See also
2005 AFL season
Geelong Football Club
References
External links
Official Website of the Geelong Football Club
Official Website of the Australian Football League
Geelong Football Club Season , 2005
Geelong Football Club seasons
Geelong Football Club Season , 2005
Wilf Woodcock ( 15 February 1892 – October 1966 ) was an English footballer . His regular position was as a forward . Born in Droylsden , he played for Abbey Hey , Stalybridge Celtic , Manchester United , Manchester City , Stockport County and Wigan Borough .
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1892 births
Footballers from Ashton-under-Lyne
1966 deaths
English footballers
Abbey Hey F.C . players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C . players
Manchester United F.C . players
Manchester City F.C . players
Stockport County F.C . players
Wigan Borough F.C . players
Sandbach Ramblers F.C . players
Association football forwards
The golden bush robin ( Tarsiger chrysaeus ) is a species of songbird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia .
It ranges across Bhutan , India , Myanmar , Nepal , Pakistan , Tibet , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
References
Gallery
golden bush robin
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of China
Birds of North India
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of Yunnan
golden bush robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Daviesia latifolia , commonly known as hop bitter-pea , is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Australia . It is a slender , erect , spreading shrub with elliptic , egg-shaped or lance-shaped phyllodes and orange-yellow and maroon flowers in long racemes .
Description
Daviesia latifolia is a slender , erect shrub that typically grows to high and wide and has arching , glabrous branches . Adult phyllodes are elliptic to egg-shaped or lance-shaped , long and wide on a petiole-like base long . The phyllodes are wavy with scalloped edges and have prominent veins . Juvenile phyllodes are slightly broader. < ref name= '' RBGV '' > { { cite web |last1=Jeanes |first1=Jeff A . |last2=Stajsic |first2=Val |title=Daviesia latifolia |url=https : //vicflora.rbg.vic.gov.au/flora/taxon/0a47f243-e3be-451e-b178-75eeb33a2647 |publisher=Royal Botanic Gardens , Victoria |access-date=1 February 2022 } } < /ref >
The flowers are borne in leaf axils along up to three racemes , the peduncle long , the rachis long , each flower on a pedicel long . The sepals are long and joined at the base , the upper two joined for most of their length and the lower three triangular and long . The standard petal is broadly egg-shaped , long and orange-yellow and maroon with a yellow centre , the wings long and yellow and maroon , and the keel long and maroon . Flowering occurs from September to December and the fruit is triangular pod long .
TaxonomyDaviesia latifolia was first formally described in 1811 by Robert Brown in Aiton 's Hortus Kewensis . The specific epithet ( latifolia '' ) means `` broad-leaved '' .
Distribution and habitat
Hop bitter-pea grows in forest , often as an understorey plant and occurs at altitudes up to , from the Granite Belt of south-eastern Queensland , through the tablelands , western slopes and south coast of New South Wales , to most of Victoria apart , from the north west of the state . It is also common in dry woodlands in Tasmania .
Ecology
This daviesia provides nectar for a range of insects and native birds .
Uses
Use in horticulture
The species is useful as an ornamental , as a windbreak and in nitrogen-fixing . It prefers well-drained soil in full sun and is frost tolerant .
Other uses
The stems and phyllodes can be used with alum to produce a fawn dye used as a mordant . The phyllodes also have reputed medicinal properties , and were also substituted as hops to flavour beer . Early European settlers used the leaves as a drug to expel intestinal worms , including hydatid cysts , and also as tonic .
References
latifolia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Plants described in 1811
Taxa named by Robert Brown ( botanist , born 1773 )
Anne or Ann Smith may refer to :
Ann Smith ( activist ) ( fl . 1682–1686 ) , funded Argyll 's Rising and Monmouth Rebellion
Anne Smith ( silversmith ) ( fl . 1770s ) , English silversmith
Lady Anne Smith ( 1775–1844 ) , sister of Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington
Ann Eliza Smith ( 1819–1905 ) , American author and patriot
Dame Anne Beadsmore Smith ( 1869–1960 ) , British Army nurse
Anne Ripley Smith ( 1881–1949 ) , co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous
Anne Briar Smith ( 1940–2016 ) , New Zealand children 's rights researcher
Anne Smith ( runner ) ( 1941–1993 ) , middle-distance runner
Ann Alexander Smith ( born 1947 ) , Louisiana educator
Anne Smith ( footballer ) ( born 1951 ) , New Zealand footballer
Anne Smith , Lady Smith ( born 1955 ) , Scottish Supreme Court judge
Anne Smith ( tennis ) ( born 1959 ) , American tennis player
Anne Smith ( fl . 1955 ) , actress in The Time of His Life
Fictional characters
Ann Smith , a character in Mr. & Mrs. Smith
See also
Anne Easter Smith , English-American historical novelist
Ann Smith Franklin ( 1696–1763 ) , American newspaper printer and publisher
Anna Smith ( disambiguation )
Annie Smith ( disambiguation )
Skyfox is a combat flight simulation game developed by Ray Tobey for the Apple II and published by Electronic Arts in 1984 . Ariolasoft published the game in Europe . It was released for the ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 , and Macintosh in 1985 , to the Amiga and Atari ST in 1986 , and to the PC-88 in 1988 .
The 1987 sequel , Skyfox II : The Cygnus Conflict , was developed for the Commodore 64 by Dynamix without Tobey 's involvement .
Description
The player pilots the Skyfox , the most advanced attack fighter plane available to the fictional government , the Federation . The plane has armaments consisting of radar guided missiles , heat-seeking missiles , laser cannons and deflection shields , and has a top speed of Mach 4 . Gameplay consists of finding and destroying enemy tanks , planes and motherships . The game has 15 scenarios that can be played at five skill levels .
Featuring a view from the cockpit of the jet , this game is recognized as popularizing this view . The cockpit features radar which shows incoming missiles and other threats . Flying above the clouds , the player fights hordes of enemy planes . Flying below them , the player is attacked by enemy tanks . Hailed upon its release , most criticisms of the game cited repetitive gameplay as the only drawback .
Tobey thought a player could get bored flying an advanced fighter plane and might want to play a game . Consequently , he incorporated a Space Invaders game into Skyfox as a hidden Easter egg activated by pressing Ctrl-G while flying .
The Apple II version can use a Mockingboard , if one is present , for greatly improved audio .
Reception
Skyfox was Electronic Arts ' best-selling Commodore 64 game as of late 1987 . Its sales had surpassed 250,000 copies by November 1989 .
Info rated Skyfox for the Commodore 64 three-plus stars out of five , praising the graphics but stating that `` the gamester finds a much less involving product lying below the surface glitz ... Good run for a few hours '' . Compute ! called the Amiga version a game that required `` both forethought and quick reflexes ... one of the best available for the Amiga '' . It concluded that `` the designers and programmers have outdone themselves in exploiting the Amiga 's powerful features ... a simulation which rivals the best computer games available in any medium '' . In a 1994 survey of wargames Computer Gaming World gave the title one-plus stars out of five .
References
External links
Skyfox at Lemon Amiga
Skyfox at Atari Mania
Box , manual , screenshots
1984 video games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Apple II games
Ariolasoft games
Atari ST games
Cancelled Atari 7800 games
Commodore 64 games
Classic macOS games
NEC PC-8801 games
ZX Spectrum games
Electronic Arts games
Combat flight simulators
Dynamix games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
Jérémy Leloup ( born January 31 , 1987 ) is a French professional basketball player who last played for Élan Béarnais of the LNB Pro A .
References
1987 births
Living people
Élan Béarnais players
French men 's basketball players
JA Vichy players
JDA Dijon Basket players
Le Mans Sarthe Basket players
Power forwards ( basketball )
SIG Basket players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Le Mans
Gil MacDougall ( 1942-2012 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s . He played for Western Suburbs and Balmain in the NSWRL competition , as a . MacDougall was the father of rugby league players Adam MacDougall , Luke MacDougall and Ben MacDougall .
Early life
MacDougall was born and raised in Sydney and played his junior rugby league in the Balmain area before being graded by Balmain in 1961 .
Playing career
MacDougall made his debut for Balmain in 1961 and scored 4 tries for the club as they finished third on the table . Balmain made it to the preliminary final against Western Suburbs but lost the match 7-5 with MacDougall scoring a try in the game . In 1962 , MacDougall joined Western Suburbs and in his first year played in the 1962 grand final against St George who were looking at winning their 6th premiership in a row . The game was a much closer affair than the 1961 final but Wests went on to lose the match 9-6 . The following year , MacDougall played in his second grand final and the opponents were once again St George . St George went on to win the match 8-3 with MacDougall scoring a try in the losing side . The match was also remembered for the horrid conditions the players had to compete in and the photo of opposition players Norm Provan and Arthur Summons embracing at full time .
The 1963 grand final would be the last time that Wests would reach a final before exiting the competition in 1999 . In the same year , MacDougall represented New South Wales and New South Wales City teams . MacDougall stayed loyal to Wests and played there until the end of 1966 and then retired . MacDougall died suddenly on 3 March 2011 following a stroke aged 70 .
References
1942 births
2011 deaths
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Balmain Tigers players
Australian rugby league players
New South Wales rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Sydney
Gil
Cao Yuanhang ( born 20 November 1991 ) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in T37 classification sprint and long jump events .
Cao represented her country at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , where she won two medals ; an individual bronze in the T37 long jump and a silver in the women 's 4 × 100 m relay ( T35-38 ) . As well as her Paralympic success Cao has won medals at both World Championships and the Asian Para Games , winning three medals over three tournaments .
Personal history
Cao was born in Foshan , China in 1991 . Due to complications at birth she has cerebral palsy . She lives in Zhanjiang Province and is a professional athlete .
References
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for China
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Living people
1991 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Chinese female sprinters
Chinese female long jumpers
People from Foshan
Runners from Guangdong
Paralympic medalists in athletics ( track and field )
The Apostolic Nunciature to Andorra is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Andorra . It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See , whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador . The nuncio resides in Spain .
List of papal representatives to Andorra
Apostolic Nuncios
Lajos Kada ( 6 March 1996 - 1 March 2000 )
Manuel Monteiro de Castro ( 1 March 2000 - 3 July 2009 )
Renzo Fratini ( 20 August 2009 – 4 July 2019 )
Bernardito Auza ( 1 October 2019 – present )
References
Andorra
Andorra–Holy See relations
One human poll comprised the 1947 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies .
There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the Associated Press Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . The United Press Coaches ' Poll began operation in 1950 ; in addition , the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year .
Legend
AP Poll
The final official AP Poll was released on December 8 , at the end of the 1947 regular season , weeks before the major bowls . The AP did not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968 .
Unofficial Final Poll
The official final AP poll , taken in early December before the bowls , had Notre Dame No . 1 ( 107 first-place votes ) and Michigan second , with 25 first-place votes . Michigan won the Rose Bowl 49–0 over USC while Notre Dame did not play in a bowl game . Detroit Free Press sports editor Lyall Smith arranged an unofficial post-bowl poll with only Michigan or Notre Dame as choices , which favored Michigan 226–119 .
References
College football rankings
Frédérik Gauthier ( born April 26 , 1995 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently under contract with HC Ajoie of the National League ( NL ) . Gauthier was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the first round , 21st overall , of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft after spending three years with the Rimouski Océanic in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) . Gauthier became a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs organization following the 2014–15 season . During his developmental years with the Maple Leafs American Hockey League affiliate , the Toronto Marlies , he helped them clinch their first Calder Cup in franchise history .
A native of Quebec , Gauthier developed in its local minor ice hockey programs and intended to pursue a collegiate career rather than the QMJHL . After his selection by the Océanic in the QMJHL and Youngstown Phantoms in the United States Hockey League , he was encouraged by Sidney Crosby to pursue a career in his native province . During his tenure with the team , Gauthier competed for Team Canada at various international tournaments . He won a gold medal at the 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships and 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships .
Early life
Gauthier was born on April 26 , 1995 in Laval , Quebec , Canada to parents Stéphane and Sophie Gauthier . He grew up in Mascouche , Quebec and cheered for the Montreal Canadiens growing up .
Playing career
Youth
As a youth , Gauthier played in the 2008 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Montreal Canadiens minor ice hockey team . He played alongside Anthony Duclair , although they were eventually eliminated by a team with Jonathan Drouin on its roster . Gauthier eventually advanced to the Collège Esther-Blondin Phénix in midget AAA and led the team to the 2012 Telus Cup . During the tournament , he recorded two goals and nine assists in seven games . As a teenager attending Académie Antoine-Manseau , Gauthier played quarterback on their football team in addition to hockey . He was eventually drafted by the Rimouski Océanic of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) during the 2011 QMJHL Entry Draft , although he intended to study at Harvard University and play for their Division 1 ice hockey team . In spite of this , Penguins captain Sidney Crosby , who was an Océanic alumni , convinced Gauthier to play junior ice hockey with Rimouski Océanic in the QMJHL . Gauthier also turned down the opportunity to play in the United States Hockey League with the Youngstown Phantoms .
In his rookie season with the Océanic , Gauthier was considered a top prospect after recording 60 points in 62 games . He competed in the CHL Top Prospects Game and received a final ranking of eighth amongst North American skaters from the NHL Central Scouting Bureau . Prior to the draft , he was praised as a proficient skater who could use his 6 ' 5 body to control the puck . He fulfilled the expectation to be a first-round selection at the 2013 NHL Entry Draft , when he was selected 21st overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs . As his family was from Quebec , his grandfather was unhappy with his draft team and cursed out loud when he heard the news . After the draft , Gauthier was invited to their training camps in September , but returned to Rimouski for the 2013–14 season . While with the Leafs organization , he partook skating lessons with coach Barb Underhill . During that season , the Leafs signed Gauthier to a three-year , entry-level contract on November 28 , 2013 . Although Gauthier helped lead Rimouski to the QMJHL playoffs , they were eliminated in the second round by the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada .
Although Gauthier played fewer games in his final junior season , he was the recipient of the Guy Carbonneau Trophy at the conclusion of the 2014–15 season . He also led the team to the President 's Cup Trophy by scoring the game winning goal in double overtime of Game 7 against the Quebec Remparts . On April 21 , 2014 , he signed an amateur tryout contract with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Professional
Toronto Maple Leafs
After attending the Maple Leafs ' training camp , Gauthier joined the American Hockey League Toronto Marlies for the 2015–16 season . He recorded his first professional point on October 21 , 2016 , against the Rochester Americans and his first professional goal in a 3–1 win over the Lehigh Valley Phantoms . He received a call-up by the Toronto Maple Leafs on March 19 , 2016 , and made his NHL debut on March 19 , 2016 , in a game against the Buffalo Sabres . He played seven games with the Maple Leafs before being sent back to the AHL . During those seven games , Gauthier recorded his first career NHL point on April 6 , 2016 , with an assist on Morgan Rielly 's second period goal .
After attending the Maple Leafs training camp , Gauthier was assigned to the Toronto Marlies for the 2016–17 season . After playing 16 games with the Marlies , Gauthier was recalled to the NHL on December 16 , to replace an injured Martin Marincin . Gauthier would eventually record his first career NHL goal on December 22 , 2016 , against the Colorado Avalanche . Gauthier was subsequently recalled periodically throughout the season but played with the Marlies during their 2017 Calder Cup playoffs run . While playing in the second-round against the Syracuse Crunch , Gauthier suffered an avulsion of the hamstring injury which required surgery , ending his season . Although his projected recovery time was six months , he was back skating in less than three months . As a result of the surgery , Gauthier lost some hamstring muscles and became a bit shorter .
Gauthier was invited to participate in the Toronto Maple Leafs training camp prior to the 2017–18 season , although he was reassigned to the Marlies . On January 2 , 2018 , Gauthier was called-up to the Maple Leafs to play against the Tampa Bay Lightning , a 2–0 loss . He was sent back down to the AHL on January 11 after playing five games in the NHL so that he could continue playing hockey while the Leafs were on a bye week . Gauthier and fellow Marlies player Travis Dermott were recalled on January 15 . On January 23 , after playing a total of nine games in the NHL during which he scored one goal , Gauthier was returned to the Marlies . He competed with the Marlies during their 2018 Calder Cup playoffs run where he helped them clinch the Calder Cup .
On July 11 , 2018 , Gauthier signed a two-year , two-way contract extension with the Maple Leafs . After making the team out of training camp , Gauthier stayed on the NHL roster for the entirety of the season . Gauthier played 62 games for the Maple Leafs before suffering a foot injury in March which kept him out of two games . He recovered in time to make his post-season debut with the Leafs , playing in all seven games during the first round against the Boston Bruins .
Although the 2019–20 season would eventually be delayed due to COVID-19 , Gauthier started the season strong . He partook in skating lessons with Leafs coach Barb Underhill and captain John Tavares spoke highly of his progress ; `` He 's making plays more , feeling good about finding the open man and what 's going on in the open ice , and getting to the net . '' Upon the hiring of Sheldon Keefe on November 20 , 2019 , he experienced his first healthy scratch of the season after playing in 29 games . When inquired about his choice , Keefe stated `` [ w ] e 've liked how Fred 's played , he 's done well but we 're trying to find the right mix for our team & we 've got to try some different things . In the interim he 's going to have to take a step back a little bit . '' After sitting as a healthy scratch for four consecutive nights , Gauthier returned to the Leafs lineup to reach a new career-high in goals .
Arizona Coyotes
As a free agent from the Maple Leafs , Gauthier remained un-signed as the 2020–21 season was delayed due to the ongoing pandemic . He was signed to a professional tryout contract to join the Arizona Coyotes training camp on December 27 , 2020 . After a successful training camp , Gauthier was signed by the Coyotes to a one-year , two-way contract on January 11 , 2021 .
New Jersey Devils
As a free agent over the summer and approaching the 2021–22 season , Gauthier for the second consecutive year signed a Professional Tryout contract in accepting an invitation to attend the New Jersey Devils training camp on a on September 18 , 2021 .
Europe
Following the conclusion of his contract with the Devils , Gauthier left the NHL as a free agent and signed his first contract abroad in agreeing to a one-year contract with Swiss club , HC Ajoie of the NL , on August 2 , 2022 .
International play
Following a successful season with the College Esther-Blondin Phenix midget AAA team , Gauthier was selected to play for Team Quebec at the Canadian Winter Games . He ended the tournament with one assist in six games .
On June 28 , 2013 , Gauthier was invited to the Canadian National Junior Team summer development camp . After making the roster , he was a member of the gold medal-winning Canadian team at the 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships . The following year , he was again invited to the Canadian National Junior Team summer development camp prior to the 2014 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships . After making the final roster , Team Canada lost in the semi-finals to Finland and failed to medal against Russia . While playing in six games , Gauthier recorded one assist and ended with a -2 Plus–minus .
On December 21 , 2014 , Gauthier was selected to compete for Team Canada during the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships . He played on a line with Lawson Crouse and Nick Ritchie during the tournament , as Team Canada won a gold medal .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Arizona Coyotes players
Canadian ice hockey centres
National Hockey League first round draft picks
New Jersey Devils players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Rimouski Océanic players
Sportspeople from Laval , Quebec
Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Marlies players
Tucson Roadrunners players
Utica Comets players
A spoke card , or spokecard , is a card placed in the spokes of a bicycle wheel . They lie parallel to the entire wheel . Most spoke cards are laminated .
Throughout the 20th century , playing cards were placed in such a way as to make a noise as the card flaps against the spokes ; however , there is no evidence that these were called `` spoke cards . ''
Origins
One origin of the spoke card was laminated cards inserted in spokes with numbers used to identify competitors in competitive races held by bicycle messengers , in official competitions and in unofficial alleycat races . Tarot cards with the racers number written on them were used initially , but nowadays cards are often custom printed .
Another influence was the practice of placing playing cards found on the street in bicycle spokes in a game known in the 1990s San Francisco as Spokepoker .
Uses
The spoke card is wedged between the spokes of the wheel at the point where they cross each other . Although the spoke card is hard to read while the bicycle is in motion , it provides a cheap way to label them in the absence of a proper race number plaque under the top tube , and is less likely to attract the attention of the authorities than a number on the rider 's back .
Maps for social bicycle rides have been printed on spokecards for the riders ' reference .
Many messengers retain spoke cards after the event , accumulating several on the wheel . Other city riders sometimes fix spoke cards to their wheels as an affectation of messenger culture . Many times participants of large group rides , such as those organized by groups like the Midnight Ridazz or Critical Mass receive spoke cards and affix them to their spokes .
Spoke cards have evolved to serve such diverse functions as memorials for fallen messengers , as artwork , and as political placards in bike messenger association elections , and even in the 2008 United States presidential election .
Author Amy Walker advocates using spoke cards as advertising fliers , however , this can be controversial since many cyclists do not appreciate strangers touching their bicycles , and spoke cards end up easily as litter on the streets .
Bike Index , a bike registration service , provides instructions for printing spoke cards with QR codes that contain information about the particular bicycle and its registration .
References
External links
Gallery of spoke cards
Cycling equipment
Paper products
Visual arts genres
DIY culture
Trading cards
Playing cards
Edward Robertson ( 10 October 1879 – 29 April 1964 ) was a Scottish academic , Professor of Semitic Studies at the Victoria University of Manchester and afterwards Librarian of the John Rylands Library , Manchester .
Biography
Robertson was born in Cameron , Fife , the son of Helen ( née Angus ) and John Robertson . He attended the University of St Andrews ( 1897–1904 ) , earning his M.A . in 1901 and B.D . in 1904 . He spent several years abroad in Germany and Syria before returning in 1905 to St Andrews as an assistant professor of Hebrew language , and earned his D.Litt . in 1913 . From 1913–21 , he taught Arabic at the University of Edinburgh before becoming Professor of Semitic Studies at University College , Bangor . In 1934 , he was appointed to the chair of Semitic Studies at the Victoria University of Manchester .
In 1945 , he retired from the university and became Professor Emeritus of Semitic Studies . In 1949 , he came out of retirement when he was appointed Librarian of the John Rylands Library , Manchester . He reorganized the library administration into departments headed by a Registrar , a Keeper of Printed Books and a Keeper of Manuscripts . During his tenure an appeal for £100,000 was made to strengthen the library 's financial situation . In 1962 he resigned as Librarian of the John Rylands Library and emigrated to Canada , when eighty-two years of age .
In 1948 , Robertson was president of the Society for Old Testament Study . Professor Robertson was awarded D.D . degrees by the universities of St Andrews and Wales , a D.Lit . degree and the honorary degree of LL.D . by the Victoria University of Manchester . He was born at Cameron , Fife , and in 1915 married the artist Gertrude Mary Coventry , by whom he had a son and two daughters . At the time of his death on 29 April 1964 he resided at Hudson , Province of Quebec ; his son had predeceased him . `` His research work was done principally ... in the rather recondite field of Samaritan studies , to which he made memorable contributions , but his interests and competence as a scholar were very wide ... Robertson was an admirable teacher ... meticulous in his standards , but tolerant , patient , and always approachable ... '' ; from the resolution adopted by the Council and Senate of the Victoria University of Manchester after his death .
Publications ( selected )
1938 : Catalogue of the Samaritan Manuscripts in the John Rylands Library , Manchester . Manchester : Manchester University Press
1950 : The Old Testament Problem : a re-investigation together with two other essays . Manchester : Manchester University Press
1952 : Mishnah Horayoth : its history and exposition ; critical and explanatory notes by P. R. Weis ; the text translated by Edward Robertson . Manchester : Manchester University Press
1962 : Catalogue of the Samaritan Manuscripts in the John Rylands Library , Manchester ; vol . 2 : the Gaster Manuscripts . Manchester : Manchester University Press
References
External links
1879 births
1964 deaths
Academics of the Victoria University of Manchester
Scottish orientalists
Scottish librarians
People from Fife
Semiticists
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
John Rylands Research Institute and Library
Long Forest Nature Conservation Reserve is a 600 hectare protected area in the Australian state of Victoria situated 50 kilometres to the west of the state capital of Melbourne , between Melton and Bacchus Marsh . It is managed by Parks Victoria .
Flora
The nature conservation reserve has over 400 native plant species . It contains a Rocky Chenopod Scrub community that includes the bull mallee , the only occurrence of a mallee species south of the Great Dividing Range . Other tree species found in the nature conservation reserve include grey box , Werribee blue box , yellow gum and moonah . Shrub species include turkey bush and sixteen species of saltbush including fragrant saltbush .
Fauna
Mammal species in the nature conservation reserve include eastern grey kangaroo , black-tailed wallaby , koala , brush-tailed possum and short-beaked echidna . Over 160 bird species have been sighted in the nature conservation reserve including the barking owl , crested bellbird , diamond firetail , jacky winter , red-capped robin and speckled warbler .
Access and facilities
The nature conservation reserve is accessed via Long Forest Road which runs northwards from the Western Highway . Car parks with information boards are located at the entrance to the Happy Valley Track and on Canopus Circuit . These provide access to walking tracks that lead to Coimadai Creek . Walking tracks leading to Djerriwarrh Creek are accessed from parking areas at Djerriwarrh Track to the south and Moonah Drive to the north .
There are also several sites in which you can access to other walking tracks on Long Forest Road and in Canopus Circuit .
References
Nature Conservation Reserves of Victoria ( Australia )
Bacchus Marsh
In mathematics , a Hamiltonian matrix is a -by- matrix such that is symmetric , where is the skew-symmetric matrix
and is the -by- identity matrix . In other words , is Hamiltonian if and only if where denotes the transpose .
Properties
Suppose that the -by- matrix is written as the block matrix
where , , , and are -by- matrices . Then the condition that be Hamiltonian is equivalent to requiring that the matrices and are symmetric , and that . Another equivalent condition is that is of the form with symmetric .
It follows easily from the definition that the transpose of a Hamiltonian matrix is Hamiltonian . Furthermore , the sum ( and any linear combination ) of two Hamiltonian matrices is again Hamiltonian , as is their commutator . It follows that the space of all Hamiltonian matrices is a Lie algebra , denoted . The dimension of is . The corresponding Lie group is the symplectic group . This group consists of the symplectic matrices , those matrices which satisfy . Thus , the matrix exponential of a Hamiltonian matrix is symplectic . However the logarithm of a symplectic matrix is not necessarily Hamiltonian because the exponential map from the Lie algebra to the group is not surjective .
The characteristic polynomial of a real Hamiltonian matrix is even . Thus , if a Hamiltonian matrix has as an eigenvalue , then , and are also eigenvalues . It follows that the trace of a Hamiltonian matrix is zero .
The square of a Hamiltonian matrix is skew-Hamiltonian ( a matrix is skew-Hamiltonian if ) . Conversely , every skew-Hamiltonian matrix arises as the square of a Hamiltonian matrix .
Extension to complex matrices
The definition for Hamiltonian matrices can be extended to complex matrices in two ways . One possibility is to say that a matrix is Hamiltonian if , as above . Another possibility is to use the condition where the superscript asterisk ( ) denotes the conjugate transpose .
Hamiltonian operators
Let be a vector space , equipped with a symplectic form . A linear map is called a Hamiltonian operator with respect to if the form is symmetric . Equivalently , it should satisfy
Choose a basis in , such that is written as . A linear operator is Hamiltonian with respect to if and only if its matrix in this basis is Hamiltonian .
References
Matrices
The Royal Moroccan Rugby Federation ( ) is the governing body for rugby union in Morocco . It is affiliated with the International Rugby Board and is responsible for the Moroccan national team and the Moroccan Rugby Championship .
History
Morocco has never qualified for the Rugby World Cup ; their best result is 16-all draw with Namibia in 1994 in the last stages of 1995 World Cup qualifying .
Morocco lost the qualifying process for the 2007 Rugby World Cup . They were the winner of group ( `` B '' ) with Uganda and Ivory Coast , but lost both the home and away games against the winner of group A Namibia . They lost twice with Portugal in January 2007 , for a berth in the Rugby World Cup as Repechage 1 .
External links
Rugby Maroc
Maroc
Rugby union in Morocco
Morocco
Sports organizations established in 1956
Boonyod Sookthinthai ( ; born September 17 , 1965 ) is a Thai politician , former journalist , news anchor , TV host , and DJ .
Sookthinthai was born in a Thai family of Chinese descent . Graduated from senior high school from Triam Udom Suksa School and received a bachelor 's and master 's degree in Communication Arts from Chulalongkorn University .
He is known for being a news anchor on several television stations including as a TV and radio host for many years . He was stripped of his role as a Channel 3 news anchor in February 2006 , which he believes was due to his criticisms of then-prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
Since then , so he entered the political circle fully with starting from being elected as Bangkok senator in the April 2006 senator election , the second senator election in Thai politics . Sookthinthai has not yet been certified by the Election Commission , because there was a coup d'état on September 19 , 2006 by the Council for Democratic Reform ( CDR ) .
In a general election at the end of 2007 , he ran for MP in constituency 4 , Bangkok ( consisting of districts Lak Si , Bang Sue , Chatuchak , Phaya Thai ) belonging to the Democrat Party , along with Atavit Suwannapakdee and Sakoltee Phattiyakul . All three of them were elected .
In the 2011 general election , he was elected as Democrat Party 's list of MPs . In the 2019 general election , he ran for the Democrat Party 's list of MPs again ranked 42nd , he was not elected .
In 2022 , Sookthinthai had his first intention to run as a member of the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Council ( BMC ) for Phaya Thai constituency , but then withdrew .
References
External links
Living people
1965 births
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Boonyod Sookthinthai
Pedro de Morais Neto is an Angolan diplomat and military figure . From 1994 to 2008 , he served as the chief of the Angola National Airforce . On 16 January 2008 , Neto became Ambassador to Zambia , presenting his credentials to Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Angolan military personnel
Angolan diplomats
Ambassadors of Angola to Zambia
Wei Liang ( ; born February 1953 ) is a retired general ( shangjiang ) in the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . He served as Political Commissar of the Southern Theater Command .
Biography
Originally from Gaochun County ( now Gaochun District ) , Jiangsu , Wei served in the 26th Army , then the People 's Armed Police , before joining the Guangzhou Military Region in a leadership position . He earned the rank of General in July 2014 . Between 2012 and 2016 , he was the Political Commissar of the Guangzhou Military Region . He was a member of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party .
References
1953 births
Living people
People 's Liberation Army generals from Jiangsu
Members of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Political commissars of the Guangzhou Military Region
Political commissars of Southern Theater Command
Politicians from Nanjing
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
People 's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
Jean-Henri Riesener ( ; 4 July 1734 – 6 January 1806 ) was a famous German ébéniste ( cabinetmaker ) , working in Paris , whose work exemplified the early neoclassical `` Louis XVI style '' .
Life and career
Riesener was born in Gladbeck , Westphalia , Germany . He moved to Paris , where he apprenticed soon after 1754 with Jean-François Oeben , whose widow he married ; he was received master ébéniste in January 1768 . The following year , he began supplying furniture for the Crown and in July 1774 formally became ébéniste ordinaire du roi , `` the greatest Parisian ébéniste of the Louis XVI period . '' Riesener was responsible for some of the richest examples of furniture in the Louis XVI style , as the French court embarked on furnishing commissions on a luxurious scale that had not been seen since the time of Louis XIV : between 1774 and 1784 , he received on average commissions amounting to 100,000 livres per annum.He and David Roentgen were Marie-Antoinette 's favourite cabinet-makers . Besides commissions directly to the Garde-Meuble he delivered case furniture for the comte and comtesse de Provence , the comte d'Artois , Mesdames the king 's aunts , and the ducs de Penthièvre , de la Rochefoucauld , Choiseul-Praslin , Biron , as well as rich fermiers généraux .
He used floral and figural marquetry techniques to a great extent , contrasting with refined parquetry and trelliswork grounds , in addition to gilt-bronze mounts . His carcases were more finely finished than those of many of his Parisian contemporaries , and he attempted to disguise the screwheads that attached his mounts with overhanging details of foliage . It seems likely that as a royal craftsman he was able to circumvent guild restrictions and produce his own ormolu|gilt-bronze mounts : Riesener 's princely portrait by Antoine Vestier shows the cabinet-maker at one of his richly-mounted tables , with drawings for gilt-bronze mounts . Many of his pieces featured complicated mechanisms that raised or lowered table-tops or angled reading stands . Through his wife he was related to other master craftsmen in Paris , notably the ébénistes Roger Vandercruse Lacroix and Martin Carlin .
He completed the Bureau du Roi , which had been started in 1760 , under his predecessor and master , Oeben ; his name alone appears in the marquetry .
The floral designs were derived from the Livre de Principes de Fleurs , an undated compilation of engravings of flowers by Juste Chevillet after drawings by Louis Tessier .
In 1774 he delivered the commode for the bedroom of Louis XVI at Versailles , now in the Royal Collection at Windsor Castle . An even richer commode replaced it the following year ( now at the Musée Condé , Chantilly ) .
The drop-front secretary ( sécretaire à abattant ) initially designed by Oeben , or by Riesener in Oeben 's workshop , presents a vertical rectangle of superposed panels and a frieze , on short legs . The upper panel drops down to provide a writing surface , revealing a fitted interior .
From 1784 , with France near bankruptcy , the pace of court commissions dropped radically ; Thierry de Ville d'Avray succeeded Pierre-Elizabeth de Fontanieu at the Garde-Meuble le la Couronne and turned for necessary economy to less expensive suppliers , such as Guillaume Beneman ; Riesener 's last pieces for the court featured sober but richly-figured West Indian mahogany veneers and more restrained use of gilt-bronze mounts . Queen Marie Antoinette continued to favour Riesener through the 1780s
With the French Revolution , Riesener was retained by the Directory , and sent in 1794 to Versailles to remove the `` insignia of feudality '' from furniture he had recently made : royal cyphers and fleurs-de-lys were replaced with innocuous panels . During the French revolutionary sales he ruined himself by buying back furniture that was being sold at derisory prices . When he attempted to resell his accumulated stock , tastes had changed and the old clientele dispersed or dead . After a short secondary career in property speculation , Riesener died in relative obscurity in Paris in 1806 .
The Riesener Project
Jean-Henri Riesener and his furniture was the subject of a six-year research project carried out by curators and conservators at the Wallace Collection , Waddesdon Manor and the Royal Collection . Close examination of the thirty pieces of Riesener furniture in the three collections , along with art historical and archival research , revealed much that was previously unknown about the materials and techniques the cabinetmaker used , as well as his workshop practices . The Project also explored the development of the market for Riesener 's furniture in the nineteenth century , and the influence that his designs and cabinetmaking techniques had on later furniture-makers .
The findings of the Project led to the publishing of the first major monograph on Riesener , while the detailed technical examination of the materials , structure and condition of the objects that took place , along with scientific analysis , allowed for interactive 3D models to be created . The models reveal the great complexity involved in making such furniture , as well as Riesener 's ingenuity and resourcefulness as a craftsman . They can be explored through a comprehensive microsite and trail dedicated to Riesener , along with catalogue entries , essays , videos and isometric drawings .
Collections
As a result of the French Revolutionary Sales in the early nineteenth century , UK collectors had bought for the decoration of their stately homes and palaces significant numbers of French royal furniture ( mobilier royal ) , which today forms the basis of the great collections that still remain in the UK . Towards the end of the industrial age until the agricultural depression of the 1920s , large numbers of works , predominately in UK collections were auctioned off and made their passage to American collectors . Still to this date UK collections are especially rich in the works of French furniture and decorative arts , particularly of Royal provenance , and the UK continues to enjoy perhaps the greatest repository of Riesener 's works outside Paris .
Writing-table
Described as a `` flat-sided rectangular table , break-fronted on all four sides , which is supported on four straight tapering legs , square in section with indented corners '' , Riesener 's French Writing-Tables were normally extremely fine in the modelling of gilt-bronze mounts .
Table à écrire , c. 1770s , delivered to Marie-Antoinette for the Petit Trianon , Palace of Versailles , France
Writing Table , 1777 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Writing Table , 1778-1787 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Bureau , 1780–85 , Musée du Louvre , France
Writing Table , 1780-85 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Writing table and filing cabinet , 1780 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Writing table , 1780 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Table à écrire , c. 1780 , National Gallery of Art , United States
Bureau , 1783 , Musée du Louvre , France
Table à écrire , c. 1784 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette for the palais des Tuileries , National Gallery of Art , United States
Bureau à cylindre
Bureau à cylindre ( Bureau du Roi ) , c. 1760–69 , delivered to the 'Cabinet intérieur ' for Louis XV at Versailles , Palace of Versailles , France
Bureau à cylindre , 1777-1781 , for Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais , Waddesdon Manor , UK '' The inscription on both states that the desk was made by Jean-Henri Riesener ( 1734-1806 ) for Beaumarchais for 85,000 francs , although these claims are unproven . ''
Bureau à cylindre , c. 1774 , delivered to the Comte d'Orsay for the Hôtel d'Orsay , The Wallace Collection , UK
Bureau à cylindre , 1774 , delivered to the comte de Provence , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Bureau à cylindre , 1774 , Woburn Abbey , UK
Rolltop desk , 1775 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Bureau à cylindre , c. 1775 , Royal Collection , UK
Bureau à cylindre , c. 1775/1785 , National Gallery of Art , United States
Bureau à cylindre , 1784 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's 'Cabinet intérieur ' at the palais des Tuileries , Musée du Louvre , France
Bureau à cylindre , c. 1785 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Cabinet
Jewel-cabinet , delivered to the Comtesse de Provence , c. 1787 , Royal Collection , UK
Commode
Commode , c. 1774 , delivered to Louis XVI 's `` Chambre du Roi '' at Versailles , Royal Collection , UK
Commode , c. 1775–80 , V & A , UK
Commode , c. 1775-80 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Commode , 1776 , delivered for the bedroom of the Comtesse de Provence , sister-in-law of Louis XIV , Versailles , Waddesdon Manor , UKThis chest of drawers , commissioned for `` la chambre de Madame au chateau de Versailles '' , is described by Bellaigue ( 1974 ) as `` match [ ing ] exactly that of the Waddesdon piece '' . Bellaigue continues to say `` the Waddesdon chest of drawers was installed in 1776 in the comtesse de Provence 's bedroom situated on the ground floor of the main block of Versailles apartments traditionally occupied by the Dauphin and Dauphine '' .Commode , 1778 , delivered for the King 's sister , Madame Elisabeth , Versailles , Waddesdon Manor , UK
The carcase of this commode is of oak and veneered with purplewood and mahogany ( referred to as bois satiné ) . The marquetry is carved from sycamore , boxwood , holly , ebony , boise satiné , casuarina wood and a burr wood . The Campan marble top reveals areas of Rouge , Rosé and Vert . Bellaigue again discusses the context around the commission of this commode , and refers to `` the change in status '' of Madame Elisabeth , the youngest sister of Louis XVI , when she is `` formerly introduced to her new Household '' on 17 May 1778 . As a result , `` she was installed in a new apartment on the first floor of the Aile du Midi overlooking the Orangerie and the Parterre du Midi '' and furnished by Riesener `` which was of a quality befitting a Daughter of France with an establishment of her own '' . Commode , c. 1780 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's cabinet intérieur de la reine at Versailles , The Wallace Collection , UK
Commode , c. 1782 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette for Chateau de Marly , The Wallace Collection , UK
Commode , 1782 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's 'Cabinet ' at the Chateau de Marly , Musée du Louvre , France
Commode , Dalmeny House , UK
Encoignure
Paire de encoignure , delivered to Louis XVI 's `` Chambre du Roi '' at Versailles , c. 1774 , Royal Collection , UK
Encoignure , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's cabinet intérieur at Versailles , c. 1783 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Encoignure , supplied to Monsieur Fontanieu for his Hotel du Garde Meuble , Place Louis XV , 1773 , V & A , UK
Jewel coffer et secrétaire
Jewel coffer et secrétaire , 1775–80 , V & A , UK
Marquetry Panel
Panel , as part of a table-top delivered to Marie Antoinette 's Petit Trianon at Versailles ( Riesener 's largest and finest marquetry execution ) , 1776 , V & A , UK
Petit table
Petit table , c. 1785 , Royal Collection , UK
Petit table , 1777 , delivered to Marie-Antoinette for the use of Louis XVI at the Petit Triannon , Versailles , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Petit table , delivered to the 'cabinet intérieur ' for Marie Antoinette at Versailles , Scone Palace , UK
Secrétaire
Secrétaire , c. 1780–4 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's cabinet intérieur at Versailles , c. 1780 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's cabinet intérieur at Versailles , c. 1783 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , delivered to Marie-Antoinette 's Petit Triannon at Versailles , c. 1783 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , c. 1780–4 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , c. 1780s , Dalmeny House , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , delivered to Louis XVI 's `` cabinet '' at the Petit Trianon , 1777 , Waddesdon Manor , UK
Secrétaire à abattant , 1783 , delivered ( with a commode and encoignure ) to the 'cabinet intérieur ' for Marie Antoinette at Versailles , The Metropolitan Museum of Art , United States
Secrétaire à abattant , c. 1775 , Musée d'Art et d'Histoire , Switzerland
Secrétaire à abattant , called the Guerault secrétaire , c. 1770–75 , ( sold in Paris , 21–22 March 1935 )
Secrétaire à abattant , called the Fontanieu secrétaire , c. 1771 , ( sold Christie 's , 5 December 1974 )
Secrétaire à abattant , called the Bergsten secrétaire , c. 1770–75 , ( sold Christie 's , 23 June 1999 )
Secrétaire à abattant , called the Wernher secrétaire , c. 1763–68 , ( sold Christie 's , 5 July 2000 )
Table de toilette
Table de toilette , c. 1780–4 , The Wallace Collection , UK
Toilet et bureau
Toilet et bureau , c. 1780–4 , The Wallace Collection , UK
See also
Neoclassicism in France
Sociability and Furniture in eighteenth-century France
Notes
External links
Riesener microsite ( Wallace Collection , UK )
Riesener Trail ( Royal Collection Trust , UK )
Marie Adélaide 's roll-top desk , c. 1775 Film
Riesener chest of drawers 3D Animation
Jean-Henri Riesener ( Getty Museum , US )
Drop-front secretary , veneered with ebony and black Japanese lacquer , for Marie Antoinette 's cabinet intérieur at Versailles , 1783 ( Metropolitan Museum of Art , US )
Riesener microsite ( Royal Collection , UK )
Jean-Henri Riesener ( Waddesdon Manor , UK )
1734 births
1806 deaths
People from Gladbeck
French furniture makers
French furniture designers
Waddesdon Manor
Paraplatyptilia edwardsii is a moth of the family Pterophoridae . It is found in North America ( including Maine , Massachusetts and eastern Canada ) .
The wingspan is 22–27 mm . The head and thorax are ochreous brown . The abdomen is ochreous and slender and the legs are ochreous brown . The forewings are reddish brown , but darker on the costa . There is a dark brown triangular costal spot , bordered on the outside by whitish scales . A small brown spot occurs near the hind margin at the basal fourth , another near the costa at the basal third , and a transverse white line at the apical third of the lobe . The fringes are whitish , with a patch of dark scales before and another just behind the apex of the costal triangle . The hind wings are reddish brown and the fringes brown , but whitish at the base of the hind margin . There is a small patch of dark scales just before the apex .
References
Moths described in 1881
edwardsii
A home altar or family altar is a shrine kept in the home of a Western Christian family used for Christian prayer and family worship . Home altars often contain a cross or crucifix , a copy of the Bible ( especially a Family Bible ) , a breviary and/or other prayer book , a daily devotional , icons of Jesus Christ and prayer beads , among other religious articles specific to the individual 's Christian denomination , for example , the images of the saints for Catholics , the Small Catechism for Lutherans , and the Anglican Rosary for Anglicans .
History
The Christian Treasury traces the origin of the family altar to the prophet Abraham erecting one in the Old Testament ( ) . Since at least the 2nd century , believers such as Hipparchus , hung or painted a Christian cross , to which they prostrated in front of , on the eastern wall of their home in order to indicate the eastward direction of prayer during the seven fixed prayer times , as an `` expression of their undying belief in the coming again of Jesus was united to their conviction that the cross , 'the sign of the Son of Man , ' would appear in the eastern heavens on his return ( see ) . '' Syrian Christians viewed their prayers in front of the Christian cross hanging on the eastern wall of their house as symbolizing `` their souls facing God , talking with him , and sharing their spirituality with the Lord . '' Many Christians , such as those in the tradition of the Church of the East , continue the practice of hanging a Christian cross on the east wall of their house today ; communicants in the Oriental Orthodox Churches today , such as those of the Indian Orthodox Church and Coptic Orthodox Church , pray the canonical hours contained in the Shehimo and Agpeya breviaries respectively ( a practice done at seven fixed prayer times a day ) facing eastward . Many Christians have built on this ancient custom , with those in the West erecting home altars and those in the East erecting icon corners , usually on the eastern wall of their dwelling place .
Purpose and usage
Home altars usually are adorned with pairs of votive candles and sometimes a small vase of flowers . In many Christian households , individual family members , or the family as a whole , may gather to pray at the home altar . Christian hymns may also be sung there . Family altars are also used to promote the `` development or intensification of personal piety and godly conduct . ''
It is common for Western Christians to have a prie-dieu in front of their home altar , which provides believers a space to place their Bible and breviary while kneeling before God in prayer . As with certain traditions of Oriental Christianity , some Western Orthodox Christians make use of the prayer rug to provide a clean space for offering Christian prayers to God . The candles that adorn the home altar are often those that have been blessed that year on Candlemas Day , a feast observed in the Catholic , Lutheran , and Anglican traditions , among others .
Gallery
See also
Icon corner – analogous concept in Eastern Christianity
Kamidana – analogous concept in Shinto
Butsudan – analogous concept in Japanese Buddhism
Cetiya - objects and places used by Theravada Buddhists to worship the Buddha
Jain house temple – analogous concept in Jainism
Wiccan altar - analogous concept in Wicca
Lararium - analogous concept in Roman ancient religion
Family worship
Home stoup
House church
Proprietary chapel
Spirit house
References
External links
The History of Family Altars
Pictures of Home Altars
Altars
Christian terminology
Christian religious objects
Christian worship and liturgy
Spiritual practice
The rufous-cheeked tanager ( Tangara rufigenis ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae , the tanagers .
It is endemic to Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
External links
Photo-Thumbnail
rufous-cheeked tanager
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Endemic birds of Venezuela
rufous-cheeked tanager
rufous-cheeked tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adrian S. Franklin ( born 19 December 1955 ) is a British-born Australian sociologist , who is a professor of sociology at the University of South Australia and a television and radio presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . He worked on several ABC radio and television programs such as By Design on ABC Radio National and the television series Collectors where , with Gordon Brown and Claudia Chan Shaw , he was one of the panel of experts .
Franklin was born in Canterbury , England and holds a Master of Arts in Sociology from the University of Kent , and was awarded his PhD in sociology from the University of Bristol in 1989 for his thesis Privatism , the Home and Working Class Culture . He held professorships at Bristol and the University of Oslo , before emigrating to Australia as a reader of sociology at the University of Tasmania .
Bibliography
Squatting in England , 1969–79 : A Case Study of Social Conflict in Advanced Industrial Capitalism ( 1984 )
Experts , Landlords and Tenants : The Private Rented Sector in Bristol ( 1992 )
Animals and Modern Cultures : A Sociology of Human–Animal Relations in Modernity ( 1999 )
Nature and Social Theory ( 2002 )
Tourism : An Introduction ( 2003 )
Animal Nation : The True Story of Animals and Australia ( 2007 )
A Collectors Year ( 2008 )
Collecting the 20th Century ( 2009 )
City Life ( 2010 )
Retro : A Guide to the Mid-Twentieth Century Design Revival ( 2013 )
The Making of MONA ( 2014 )
References
External links
Professor Adrian Franklin
1955 births
Living people
Australian sociologists
Australian television presenters
English emigrants to Australia
University of South Australia faculty
University of Tasmania faculty
University of Oslo faculty
Alumni of the University of Kent
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Academics of the University of Bristol
People from Canterbury
Artémis , cœur d'artichaut ( , `` Artemis , artichoke heart '' ) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by , starring Frédérique Barré and Noémie Rosset . Set in contemporary Normandy , it is about the goddess Artemis who lives as a student and goes on a road trip with her friend Kalie . The film is in black-and-white and stylistically influenced by the French New Wave .
Plot
In an introduction , the film 's director explains that the main character was chosen by drawing names from a hat . The name that came up was Artemis , a goddess from Greek mythology . The director introduces himself as the story 's omniscient narrator , and throughout the film sometimes intervenes to make characters act in certain ways .
Artemis , the daughter of Zeus and twin sister of Apollo , is a 23-year-old literature student at the University of Caen Normandy . She meets Kalie Steaux ( pronounced like Callisto ) , an exuberant student of performing arts who is looking for a roommate , and Artemis invites her to live in her apartment . Artemis is misanthropic and reluctant about meeting boys , which is in stark contrast to Kalie .
After knowing each other for a few weeks they go on a road trip together . They are nearly arrested for illegally camping on a beach , but Artemis uses a pendant to summon lightning which scares away the policemen . Fernando , a young man Artemis approached after pressure from Kalie , invites them to a concert at a bar and a party in Cherbourg . Artemis tries to converse with Fernando but excuses herself and stays in the bathroom for two hours ; when Fernando tries to seduce her , she transforms him into a stag .
Artemis returns home alone and watches a film on her laptop . The narrator explains that she is a virgin and that she admires the women in the films of Howard Hawks , the subject of her thesis , because they use charm as a weapon against men . Kalie returns and slips into bed with Artemis .
Cast
Frédérique Barré as Artemis
Noémie Rosset as Kalie Steaux
Lelio Naccari as Fernando
Hubert Viel as the omniscient narrator
Gregaldur as Gregaldur
Djahiz Gil as the singer
Production
The closing credits name the hymns of Callimachus as the film 's source material . Viel was inspired by the fluctuant nature of ancient mythology and drew liberally from the stories of Callisto and Actaeon . An inspiration for the approach to mythology was Carl Jung 's idea that the unconscious mind contains archaic myths which people carry with them . Viel has mentioned the directors Éric Rohmer and Hayao Miyazaki as influences for the offbeat and dreamlike storytelling he wanted to achieve . The film Orpheus by Jean Cocteau was also a reference point . Artémis , cœur d'artichaut was shot on Super 8 film and is mostly in black-and-white . Viel said that Super 8 suits it because it is an anachronistic format which he associates with childhood films .
Reception
Artémis , cœur d'artichaut was released in French cinemas on 25 September 2013 . Several critics commented on its stylistic debt to the French New Wave . Jérémie Couston of Télérama wrote that the film is full of `` Truffautian joy '' and described the main characters as `` more sassy Rohmer heroines '' . Amélie Dubois of Les Inrockuptibles placed Viel in a group of new filmmakers influenced by the New Wave , together with Guillaume Brac , and Valérie Donzelli ; Dubois wrote that Artémis , cœur d'artichaut is set apart by its playful narrative mode and mythological element , but wrote that this has led its creators to include decorative plot elements that fail to add to the cinematic whole . The performances of the two leading actresses—their first major roles—were generally praised , as was the interplay between the main characters . Dubois wrote that the actresses were a `` good surprise '' with `` undeniable charm '' . Le Monde '' 's Sandrine Marques wrote that their chemistry and the contrast between the two characters have a seductive effect , and praised the film 's sense of humour , spontaneity and union of different genres : buddy film , fantastique '' , road movie , sentimental comedy and portrait of a generation .
See also
Hawksian woman
List of films based on Greco-Roman mythology
References
External links
2013 comedy films
2013 films
French comedy road movies
French female buddy films
2010s comedy road movies
2010s female buddy films
Films based on classical mythology
Films about deities
Artemis
Films set in Normandy
Films set in Caen
French black-and-white films
2010s French films
Bavon is an unincorporated community in Mathews County , Virginia , United States . Bavon is located on Virginia Route 14 south-southeast of Mathews .
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hughes County , Oklahoma .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Hughes County , Oklahoma , United States . The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a map .
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Hughes County
Buildings and structures in Hughes County , Oklahoma
Barbara Janice Hanrahan ( 1939–1991 ) was an Australian artist , printmaker and writer whose work featured relationships , women , women 's issues and feminist ideology . Hanrahan was also known for her writings and short stories featuring coming of age stories that were somewhat biographical .
Early life
Barbara Hanrahan was born in Adelaide , South Australia in 1939 . After her father 's death at the age of 26 from tuberculosis in 1940 , when Hanrahan was just a year old , she lived with her mother ( a commercial artist ) , her grandmother , and her great aunt ( who had Down syndrome ) . This matriarchal household is often correctly thought of as the inspiration for much of Hanrahan 's art , as well as the suburb she was raised in , the inner-western Adelaide suburb of Thebarton . Her mother later remarried .
Hanrahan attended Thebarton Primary School and Thebarton Technical School . Hanrahan went on to study a diploma in art teaching from Adelaide Teachers ' College , while also taking classes at the South Australian School of Arts ( 1957-1960 ) . In 1963 , when Hanrahan was 23 she moved to London to take a break from teaching tertiary art in Adelaide . Hanrahan furthered her studies at the Central School of Art in London .
“ I wanted to try my life at something bigger . I wanted to get away from safety and walking with little steps . '' - Hanrahan on moving to London .
Career
In 1960 , Hanrahan began printmaking , working with her German lecturer and print master , Udo Sellbach . In 1961 , Hanrahan won the Cornell Prize for painting . In 1962 , she served as president of the South Australian Graphic Art Society . In 1963 , at the age of 24 , she left Adelaide to study at the Royal College of Art in London . She lived mostly in England until the early 1980s , with her partner , sculptor Jo Steele . Hanrahan also lectured for a time at the Falmouth in Cornwall and Portsmouth College of Art . During this time she returned periodically to Adelaide to teach at the South Australian School of Art and to organise her one-woman exhibitions , and she eventually returned there to live permanently . Her first exhibition was at the Contemporary Art Society Gallery in Adelaide in December 1964 .
Upon her return Hanrahan was also a member of the Australian Women 's Art Movement and the Women 's Art Register . Both organisations strived for equal pay for female artists and increased exposure .
Hanrahan often combined writing with visual arts . She kept a diary in her late teenage years , and then again in London to make sense of a strange city . She began writing her first book , The Scent of Eucalyptus ( 1973 ) , a semi-autobiographical consideration of her childhood in the 1940s and 1950s in Thebarton , shortly after the death of her grandmother in 1968 . Her edited diaries were published in 1998 , revealing less than favourable comments about many of her contemporaries , although some friends and colleagues commented that it was interesting to understand how Hanrahan 's brain worked . A biography by Annette Marion Stewart was published in the same year .
Art
Hanrahan was a painter and printmaker , experimenting with printing styles such as screen printing , etching , relief printing , and woodblock and lino cutting . She would often revisit the same print in different styles and colours , such as Wedding Night , which has three variations .
Hanrahan 's work is personal and private yet its themes are universal , portraying relationships between girlfriends , women and men , and the struggle against societal structures . These themes are constantly repeated throughout her oeuvre in prints , such as in Wedding night ( 1977 ) and Dear Miss Ethel Barringer ( 1975 ) . Both works depict Hanrahan 's unease with women 's roles in society , such as the juggling act in Dear Miss Ethel Barringer , of a woman having to play multiple roles at once , and her unease with society 's outdated values . By the 1960s many women were not virgins at the time of marriage , and Hanrahan 's Wedding Night depicts the outdated assumption that for consummation to happen the woman must be pure . Wedding night captures the moment of unease between the couple , with the lack of intimacy shown by the gap between them . “ Wedding night has shocked people since its creation by its refutation of romance of the event , ” writes Alison Carrol .
Hanrahan 's work is described as exploring the “ themes of society and its norms , its expectations and its conventions and how the individual fares therein - buffeted and withstanding , weak and strong . She particularly analyses the relationship between men and women , often through their sexuality , and , as well , the relationship of the generations . The subjects are clearly chosen , gleaned from a lifetime of careful looking , listening , reading , digesting and remembering . ”
Critic and art historian Alison Carroll draws parallels between the simplicity of Hanrahan 's scenes and David Hockney 's pop art ; “ Hanrahan uses Hockney , but , in her best work of the periods , she moves on considerably from him ; she achieves a high emotional pitch , working with uncomfortable themes of love , family and relationships and using awkward childlike form . The process goes far beyond the easy , self-controlled world of Pop art. ” Carroll implies that the simplicity in both Hanrahan and Hockney 's drawings are similar . Hanrahan , however , strays from the pop art formula and creates complex feelings between the characters in her works and the viewer and the works .
Exhibitions
Hanrahan exhibited her artwork internationally , including in London , Italy , Japan , New Zealand , Sweden , Scotland , the United States and Canada . Her artwork is collected in numerous galleries in Australia , including the National Gallery of Australia . Her work Generations ( 1991 ) was used as the cover art for Mixed matches : interracial marriage in Australia , by June Duncan Owen .
Holdings
The National Gallery of Australia holds some 453 of her drawings and prints . The Art Gallery of South Australia also holds over 200 of her prints . The National Gallery of Victoria holds six of her works , while QAGOMA holds 20 , and the Art Gallery of New South Wales holds 17 .
Writing
Hanrahan 's books were just as expressive and confronting as her artworks . Her books such as the Scent of Eucalyptus are described as breaking the suburban female mould , “ in- scribing the female sexual , reproductive and excretory body in text ” .
Her novels often had a main character similar to Hanrahan herself . Annette Stewart writes about the difficulty in being able to distinguish fact from fiction . “ Confusion between reality and the imagination was key to barbara writing , lending it a particular and distinctive atmosphere . ”
Hanrahan 's book , Sea Green features a narrator , Virginia and her move from Adelaide , South Australia to London . Sea Green is autobiographical , Virginia is Barbara . The book is reminiscent and nostalgic for the place where she once lived .
Hanrahan 's novel , Michael and Me and the Sun , documents her sexual encounters on her journey to London and the relationships she had . Again it is both fictional and autobiographical , Hanrahan using a main character similar to herself . Like Hanrahan 's art , her writing was also punchy and to the point . She documented the patriarchal facts of finding a man “ To be popular on the ship you had to be willing to iron , and the men came along to the ironing room looking helpless . ”
This tension in relationships and their roles was expressed in her writings and art .
Works
The Scent of Eucalyptus ( 1973 )
Sea-Green ( 1974 )
The Albatross Muff ( 1977 )
Where the Queens All Strayed ( 1978 )
The Peach Groves ( 1980 )
The Frangipani Gardens ( 1980 )
Dove ( 1982 )
Kewpie Doll ( 1984 )
Annie Magdalene ( 1985 )
Dream People ( 1987 )
A Chelsea Girl ( 1987 )
Flawless Jade ( 1989 )
Iris in her Garden ( 1991 )
Michael and Me and the Sun ( 1992 )
Good Night Mr Moon ( 1992 )
The Diaries of Barbara Hanrahan , edited by Elaine Lindsay ( 1998 )
Legacy
The Barbara Hanrahan Fellowship for South Australian writers was established in Hanrahan 's memory in 1994 by her partner , Jo Steele . A street in Thebarton is named after her , and in 1997 a building at the University of South Australia 's City West campus was named to honour her memory .
Many of her papers and unpublished writings are held at the National Library of Australia .
References
External links
Heywood , Anna 'Hanrahan , Barbara Janice ( 1939-1991 ) ' Australian Women 's Register retrieved 5 October 2009
Guide to the Papers of Barbara Hanrahan MS 7754 National Library of Australia retrieved 5 October 2009
ABC Radio National Hindsight program about Barbara Hanrahan
Interview with Barbara Hanrahan ABC Retrieved 21 April 2014
Guest , C. `` After Barbara '' Encountering a real artist .
British Museum : Barbara Hanrahan
1939 births
1991 deaths
20th-century Australian novelists
20th-century Australian women artists
20th-century Australian artists
20th-century Australian women writers
Alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
University of South Australia alumni
Australian printmakers
Australian women novelists
Women printmakers
Writers from Adelaide
Raz Galleh ( ; also known as 'Raz Galeh Ābdār ) is a village in Meymand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 42 , in 17 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Glittering Prize 81/92 is a compilation album by Simple Minds , released in 1992 .
It spans the period from Sons and Fascination/Sister Feelings Call ( the first album recorded by Simple Minds for Virgin Records ) to Real Life .
The album omits the earliest period of Simple Minds ' recording career , which yielded three albums released on Arista ( only reissues are on Virgin ) .
At the time of its release , the album was promoted by the double A-side single `` Love Song/Alive and Kicking '' , where `` Love Song '' appeared in a remixed form . Both `` Love Song '' ( from 1981 ) and `` Alive and Kicking '' ( from 1985 ) appear in their original 7-inch edits on the album .
The namesake video collection , featuring promo videos from the then latest two albums and live versions of the hits was released simultaneously .
Track listing
Europe and Canada
United States
Australia
Chart positions
Certifications
References
External links
1992 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Steve Lillywhite
Albums produced by Trevor Horn
Albums produced by Stephen Lipson
Albums produced by Jimmy Iovine
Albums produced by Bob Clearmountain
Simple Minds compilation albums
Virgin Records compilation albums
Singapore participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran , Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974 . Athletes from Singapore won overall 11 medals , including one gold and finished 13th in a medal table .
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
The 872nd Bombardment Squadron is the former name of the 872nd Air Expeditionary Squadron , a provisional unit of the United States Air Force . It is assigned to United States Air Forces Europe to activate or inactivate as needed .
The squadron was first activated in November 1943 as the 872nd Bombardment Squadron , one of the original squadrons of the 497th Bombardment Group . It was inactivated in May 1944 when Boeing B-29 Superfortress groups of the Army Air Forces were reorganized to have three , rather than four , squadrons . It was activated again in September 1944 as part of the 382nd Bombardment Group . Although the squadron 's ground echelon deployed to the Pacific , its air echelon remained in the United States until it was inactivated in January 1946 .
History
World War II
The squadron was established in November 1943 as the 872nd Bombardment Squadron at El Paso Army Air Base , Texas , a Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment squadron that was one of the original operational squadrons of the 497th Bombardment Group . The squadron 's initial cadre was drawn from the 491st Bombardment Group .
In December the squadron moved on paper to Clovis Army Air Field , New Mexico . At Clovis , the squadron began to man its air echelon by January 1944 . The 872nd drew heavily on aircrews of the 480th Antisubmarine Group who were returning to the United States from duty in England and Africa to fill out its crews . Aircrew training at Clovis was limited to ground training , although some flying in Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and Consolidated B-24 Liberator aircraft assigned to the 73d Bombardment Wing was accomplished . Key personnel trained with the Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics at Orlando Army Air Base , Florida .
In April 1944 , the air and ground echelons united at Pratt Army Air Field , although its personnel were detached to other units of the group . In May the United States Army Air Forces reorganized its very heavy bombardment units . Shortly after arrival at Pratt , the 872nd Bombardment Squadron and the support units of the 497th group were inactivated and their personnel absorbed into the remaining squadrons of the group .
The squadron was reactivated four months later as an element of the 382nd Bombardment Group at Dalhart Army Air Field , Texas . Its ground echelon deployed to Tinian by ship in early August 1945 while the air echelon remained at Smoky Hill Army Air Field , Kansas after the Japanese surrender . The ground echelon remained in the Marianas supporting other units ' aircraft . The air echelon inactivated in Kansas in August 1945 . The ground echelon returned to the United States in December 1945 and was inactivated at the port of embarkation in January 1946 .
Expeditionary unit
In 2007 the squadron was converted to provisional status as the 872nd Air Expeditionary Squadron and assigned to United States Air Forces Europe to activate or inactivate as needed . It was activated in 2007 at Bulboaca , Moldava and in 2009 at Keflavik International Airport , Iceland .
Lineage
Constituted as the 872nd Bombardment Squadron , Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 10 May 1944
Activated on 19 September 1944
Inactivated on 4 January 1946
Converted to provisional status and redesignated 871st Air Expeditionary Squadron on 2 July 2007
Activated on 21 July 2007
Inactivated on 17 August 2007
Activated on 28 July 2009
Inactivated on 1 September 2009
Assignments
497th Bombardment Group : 20 Nov 1943 – 10 May 1944
382nd Bombardment Group : 19 September 1944 – 4 January 1946
United States Air Forces Europe to activate or inactivate as required : 2 July 2007
322nd Air Expeditionary Group : 21 July 2007 – 17 August 2007
322nd Air Expeditionary Group : 28 July 2009 – 1 September 2009 ( attached to 48th Fighter Wing )
Stations
El Paso Army Air Base , Texas , 20 November 1943
Clovis Army Air Field , New Mexico , 1 December 1943
Pratt Army Air Field , Kansas , 13 April 1944 – 10 May 1944
Dalhart Army Air Field , Texas , 19 September 1944
Smoky Hill Army Air Field , Kansas , 11 December 1944 – 1 August 1945 ( air echelon )
Guam , 8 September 1945 ( ground echelon only ; air echelon remained in US until inactivation )
Tinian , c. Oct-15 Dec 1945 ( ground echelon only )
Camp Anza , California , 28 December 1945 – 4 January 1946
Bulboaca , Moldava , 21 July 2007 – 17 August 2007
Keflavik International Airport , Iceland , 28 July 2009 – 1 September 2009
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress , 1944
Consolidated B-24 Liberator , 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress , 1945
References
Notes
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1943
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Tamás Krivitz ( born 29 September 1946 ) is a Hungarian football manager and former player .
References
1946 births
Living people
Hungarian footballers
Association football defenders
Bundesliga players
Újpest FC players
Vancouver Royals players
Kansas City Spurs players
Lierse S.K . players
Wuppertaler SV players
Hungarian football managers
Al-Salmiya SC managers
Kuwait Premier League managers
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Hungarian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Kuwait
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate football managers in Oman
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Sportspeople from Pécs
The Japanese Weekend School of New York ( JWSNY ; ニューヨーク補習授業校 Nyūyōku Hoshū Jugyō Kō ) is a Japanese supplementary school in the New York City metropolitan area . It has its offices in New Roc City in New Rochelle , New York . The Japanese Educational Institute of New York ( JEI ; ニューヨーク日本人教育審議会 Nyūyōku Nihonjin Kyōiku Shingi Kai ) manages the school system , and the JWSNY is one of its two weekend school systems . The JEI also operates two Japanese day schools in the New York area .
the weekend school had about 800 students , including Japanese citizens and Japanese Americans , at locations in Westchester County and Long Island . The class locations include The Rufus King School ( P.S.26Q ) in Fresh Meadows , Queens , and Port Chester Middle School in Port Chester , New York .
History
In 1962 several Japanese businesspersons established the weekend school with five teachers , and initially there were 36 students . Originally it only admitted children of members of the Nippon Club ; enrollment increased dramatically once the school began admitting children of non-members .
it had over 4,000 students in levels Kindergarten through grade 12 studying in 13 locations .
the JEI weekend school system had 4,600 students and 216 teachers in nine elementary school programs and three secondary school programs .
Operations
the Japanese government pays the school 's cost of renting buildings for its classes and other costs , together totaling approximately 30 % of the school 's expenditures . The local Japanese community directly manages the school .
Curriculum and instruction
Kokugo , or the Japanese language , is the main focus of the school 's curriculum . The school also teaches natural sciences , mathematics , and social sciences . The goal is to have students easily adapt to the Japanese curriculum once they return to their home country .
As of 1988 there are over 200 classes for students . That year students were assigned to classes based on age and not their Japanese language abilities , so abilities of students varied within each particular class . As of 1988 the Japanese government provides textbooks free of charge to Japanese national children residing in the New York City area .
Demographics
about 20 % of the students at the weekend school , including persons who came to the U.S. at young ages and persons born in the U.S. , eventually study at U.S. universities . 80 % of the total number of students will return to Japan before the final year of senior high school . As of 1988 the students often had parents who were more likely to want their children to learn and adapt to the American culture and the English language compared to typical parents living in Japan , and as of that year over 30 % of the New York City area parents of Japanese school age children selected the full-time New York Japanese School instead of the weekend school and local school combination . As of 1988 the regular student turnover rate at the weekend school was about 25 % as many students who are children of businesspersons have to leave the New York City area prior to the end of the Japanese school year due to changes in their parents ' employment statuses .
the school employed over 200 teachers . That year Japanese government assigned eight of them to the JWSNY ; their job was to train the local teachers who directly give instruction . In 1988 the regular teacher turnover rate was also 25 % .
See also
Japanese in New York City
The Japanese School of New York ( Greenwich Japanese School ) - Japanese international day school in Greenwich , Connecticut , previously in New York City
The New Jersey Japanese School - Japanese international day school in Oakland , New Jersey , previously a branch school of the New York Japanese School
Princeton Community Japanese Language School - Another Japanese weekend school system in the New York City area
References
Kunieda , Mari ( 國枝 マリ ; School of International Cultural Relations ) . `` Assimilation to American Life vs.Maintenance of Mother Culture : Japanese and Korean Children in New York '' ( Archive ; Japanese title : 異文化接触と母国文化 : 在ニューヨーク日本人・韓国人子女の場合 ) . Hokkaido Tokai University Bulletin ( 北海道東海大学紀要 ) : Humanities and social sciences ( 人文社会科学系 ) 1 , 131–147 , 1988 . Hokkaido Tokai University . See profile at CiNii . Abstract in Japanese available .
Takagi , Ichiro ( 高木 一郎 Takagi Ichirō ) and Suwanna Takagi ( 高木 スワンナ Takagi Suwanna ) . `` A Study on a Pedagogical Principle and Educational Method Regarding Reform of Curriculum '' ( Archive ; カリキュラム改訂における教育原理と教育方法論に関する研究 ) . Tokai University . Received October 31 , 2011. p. 17-29 .
Notes
Further reading
Available online :
Nishimura , Kaoru ( 西村 馨 Nishimura Kaoru ; International Christian University ) . `` Aspects of Identity of the High School Students in the Japanese Weekend School in New York : An Experience from an In-class Workshop '' ( ニューヨーク補習授業校の高校生におけるアイデンティティの諸相 : ワークショップ的授業を通して ) ( Archive ) . Educational Studies ( 教育研究 ) ( 54 ) , 121–131 , 2012–03.国際基督教大学 教育研究所 . See profile at CiNii . See profile at International Christian University Repository ( 国際基督教大学リポジトリ ) . English abstract available .
Not available online :
ブラック妹尾 祐美子 and 北川 歳昭 . `` 米国ニューヨーク補習授業校幼児部における日本語・日本文化教育の現状と課題 ( 1 ) ) . '' 就実教育実践研究 5 , 115–129 , 2012 . 就実大学教育実践研究センター . See profile at CiNii .
ブラック妹尾 祐美子 and 北川 歳昭 . `` A report about teaching method for Japanese language and culture in early childhood education at Japanese Weekend School in New York ( 2 ) '' ( 米国ニューヨーク補習授業校幼児部における日本語・日本文化教育の現状と課題 ( 2 ) ) . 就実教育実践研究 6 , 147–160 , 2013 . 就実大学教育実践研究センター . See profile at CiNii .
ブラック妹尾 祐美子 and 北川 歳昭 . `` A report about Japanese teaching method for language and culture in early childhood education at Japanese Weekend School in New York ( 3 ) '' ( 米国ニューヨーク補習授業校幼児部における日本語・日本文化教育の現状と課題 ( 3 ) ) . 就実教育実践研究 7 , 141–154 , 2014 . 就実大学教育実践研究センター . See profile at CiNii .
篠原 舜三 . `` 補習授業校の実践 -- ニュ-ヨ-ク補習授業校 ( 海外子女教育の課題 -- 進展する国際化の中で < 特集 > ) -- ( 事例紹介 ) . '' The Monthly journal of Mombusho ( 文部時報 ) ( 1305 ) , p52-55 , 1986–01 . ぎょうせい . See profile at CiNii .
External links
Japanese Weekend School of New York
Japanese Weekend School of New York ( Archive )
The Japanese Educational Institute of New York
Japanese-American culture in New York ( state )
Schools in Queens , New York
Schools in New York ( state )
New York City
1962 establishments in New York ( state )
Educational institutions established in 1962
Port Chester , New York
The 2013–14 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season is the 34th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
Key dates
November 3 : The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium , Robinson Place Manila .
April 29 : Jeffrey Cariaso was designated as head coach . Olsen Racela was also transferred from San Mig Coffee to Ginebra to be the team 's lead assistant coach . Ato Agustin was demoted to assistant coach .
Draft picks
Roster
Chua also serves as Barangay Ginebra 's alternate governor .
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner 's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors ' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel seasons
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel Season , 2013-14
Richard de Pontefract O. P. ( fl . 1320 ) was an English Dominican friar active during the reign King Edward II . On 25 June 1320 , King Edward petitioned the papacy for Richard to fill the see of Dunblane , vacant by the death of Nicholas de Balmyle . Although King Edward probably did not expect to have much luck , because of the circumstances of Wars of Scottish Independence , Edward claimed the right of patronage to Scottish sees . The vacant bishopric was eventually filled by Maurice , the Abbot of Inchaffray .
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English Dominicans
14th-century English Roman Catholic priests
English people of the Wars of Scottish Independence
Kevin Murray is the name of :
Kevin Murray ( Australian footballer ) ( born 1938 ) , Australian rules footballer
Kevin Murray ( politician ) ( born 1960 ) , Californian politician
Kevin Murray ( American football ) ( born 1964 ) , College quarterback and current high school coach
Kevin Murray ( hurler ) ( born 1972 ) , Irish hurler for Cork and Cloughduv
Kevin Murray ( Irish footballer ) , Irish Association football player in the 1960s
Kevin Murray ( cricketer ) ( born 1963 ) , English county cricketer
See also
Murray ( surname )
Kathy Smith ( born December 11 , 1951 ) is an American personal trainer who became well known for her workout videos during the late 1980s and 1990s . She has sold over 16 million workout videos since 1980 . Her exercise and nutrition program Project : You ! Type 2 was created in association with the American Diabetes Association as a complete lifestyle system to help manage Type 2 diabetes .
Early life
Smith was born in Arizona . She is the daughter of an Air Force pilot , and grew up in Brazil , Alabama , Hawaii , Texas and Illinois . When Smith was 17 , her father died of a heart attack , and a year and a half later her mother died in a plane crash . Following the loss of her parents , Smith began exercising to combat depression . Smith enrolled at the University of Hawaii , and graduated with a degree in business administration .
Smith has stated that following the loss of her parents , and her sister 's descent into substance abuse , she developed a wild lifestyle and feared her athlete boyfriend might leave her ; she took up running to be near him , and found it to be a life-changing experience . She was one of less than twenty women to complete the Honolulu Marathon in 1975 , and Runner 's World magazine listed her as one of the top 100 marathon runners in the country .
Smith 's fitness videos made her a multi-millionaire by her mid-thirties . She is an inductee to the Video Hall of Fame . In 1993 , Kathy Smith moved her videos from Media Home Entertainment to A * Vision Entertainment 's startup label BodyVision .
Personal life
Smith has two daughters , Perrie and Kate . Kate is a professional runner who made the final in the 800-metre event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio .
Videography
Personal Trainer : Total Body Workout ( DVD , 1999 , )
References
External links
Kathy Smith video
Interview
1951 births
Living people
American exercise instructors
The habbān ( or hibbān ) is a type of bagpipe used in the coastal regions of the Persian Gulf ( especially Kuwait ) . The term ḥabbān ( هبان ) is one of several Arabic terms for the bagpipes . The term is drawn from Hanbān ( هنبان ) , the Persian word for `` bag. '' . In Gulf states the term habban refers to the traditional Holi ( inhabitants of the eastern coast of the Persian Gulf ) bagpipe . The habbān is also called the jirbah ( ) .
While the term itself is generic , in Oman the habban is more specifically a variant of the Great Highland bagpipe which has been incorporated into local music .
See also
Ney-anbān
List of bagpipes # Southwest Asia
Music of Kuwait
External links
`` The art of the `` jirbah '' ( in Arabic )
References
Bagpipes
Kuwaiti musical instruments
Persian Gulf musical instruments
Chris Tsonis ( born April 2 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer player .
Career
Youth and college
Tsonis began his career in the New England Revolution Academy , joining the club in 2008 . In 2009 , he joined Southern New Hampshire University and in his four seasons at the school he appeared in 83 matches and scored 40 goals . During his college career he also played with USL PDL sides New Hampshire Phantoms and Ventura County Fusion .
Professional
In February 2013 Tsonis signed with Icelandic club UMF Tindastóll . In his one season at the club Tsonis appeared in 21 matches and scored 7 goals as the club maintained its First Division status . His play with Tindastóll drew the attention of newly promoted top flight club Fjölnir Reykjavík . Tsonis signed with the club for the 2014 season and scored 5 goals in 21 appearances .
Tsonis signed with New York Red Bulls II for the 2015 season and made his debut as a starter for the side in its first ever match on March 28 , 2015 in a 0–0 draw with Rochester Rhinos . On May 30 , 2015 Tsonis scored his first goal for New York in a 4–2 loss to Richmond Kickers . On June 30 , 2015 Tsonis scored the loan goal for New York Red Bulls II in a 1–0 victory over Wilmington Hammerheads . On July 25 , 2015 Tsonis scored twice for New York , helping Red Bull II to a 4–2 victory over Richmond Kickers .
In 2016 , Tsonis signed with United Soccer League club Charleston Battery .
References
External links
newyorkredbulls.com profile
tindastoll.com profile
wilmelsport.com profile
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Seacoast United Phantoms players
Ventura County Fusion players
Chris Tsonis
New York Red Bulls II players
Charleston Battery players
Association football forwards
Soccer players from Massachusetts
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Southern New Hampshire Penmen men 's soccer players
People from Dartmouth , Massachusetts
South Kurzeme Municipality ( ) is one of the 35 municipalities established in Latvia in 2021 . It surrounds Liepāja , Latvia 's third largest city . Its first elected municipal council will take office on 1 July 2021 . Its seat is at Grobiņa .
Geography
South Kurzeme is Latvia 's largest municipality , covering an area of . It is located in the southwestern part of the Courland region in western Latvia , on the coast of the Baltic Sea . It borders Ventspils Municipality to the north , Kuldīga Municipality to the northeast , and Saldus Municipality to the east . It surrounds the port city of Liepāja in the west . It also borders the Lithuanian counties of Klaipėda and Telšiai to the south and southeast respectively . The westernmost point of Latvia is located at Cape Bernāti in Nīca Parish south of Liepāja .
The coastline of South Kurzeme Municipality is over long . Erosion of the coast north of Liepāja has been accelerated because breakwaters at Liepāja 's seaport intercept sand drifting northward along the coast . The coast south of Liepāja features sandy beaches and dunes , behind which are lagoons and marshy plains . The largest of the lagoons are Lake Liepāja and on the municipality 's border with Liepāja , and Lake Pape near the Lithuanian border . The rises east of the coastal lowlands , its highest point being at in Embūte Parish .
Rivers in the municipality include the Bārta which flows from its headwaters in Lithuania into Lake Liepāja ; and the and Tebra , which join to form the at the village of the same name . The Saka drains into the Baltic Sea at Pāvilosta .
Pape Nature Reserve covers and protects Lake Pape and the surrounding land areas . It forms the terrestrial component of the Pape Wetland Complex Ramsar site , which also covers the adjacent marine area and has a total area of . protects Cape Bernāti and Pūsēnu Hill , Latvia 's highest sand dune at . Grīņu Nature Reserve is located in the northern part of the municipality .
History
South Kurzeme Municipality corresponds in extent to the former Liepāja District as it existed from 1991 to 2009 . In the 2009 territorial reforms , Liepāja District was divided into the municipalities of Aizpute , Durbe , Grobiņa , Nīca , Pāvilosta , Priekule , Rucava , and Vaiņode . In 2020 , the Saeima approved reducing the number of administrative divisions at the municipal level from 119 to 42 , including rejoining the aforementioned municipalities to form South Kurzeme Municipality . Elections for Latvia 's new municipal councils were held on 5 June 2021 , and the new municipalities including South Kurzeme will go into effect on 1 July 2021 .
Administration
The municipal council of South Kurzeme currently comprises 19 councillors . The municipality is to form joint authorities with the city of Liepāja for the administration of civil protection , education , and waste management .
The municipality is subdivided into five towns and 26 parishes :
Towns
Aizpute
Durbe
Grobiņa
Pāvilosta
Priekule
Parishes
Aizpute Parish
Bārta Parish
Bunka Parish
Cīrava Parish
Dunalka Parish
Dunika Parish
Durbe Parish
Embūte Parish
Gavieze Parish
Gramzda Parish
Grobiņa Parish
Kalēti Parish
Kalvene Parish
Kazdanga Parish
Laža Parish
Medze Parish
Nīca Parish
Otaņķi Parish
Priekule Parish
Rucava Parish
Saka Parish
Tadaiķi Parish
Vaiņode Parish
Vecpils Parish
Vērgale Parish
Virga Parish
Demographics
The Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia estimated a population of 33,364 living in what is now South Kurzeme Municipality at the beginning of 2021 . This represented a 28 % decrease from an estimated population of 46,451 at the beginning of 2000 , and a 13 % decrease from an estimated population of 38,351 at the beginning of 2011 .
The municipal seat of Grobiņa had an estimated population of 3522 at the beginning of 2021 . The largest town in the district is Aizpute , with an estimated population of 4036 at the beginning of 2021 .
Economy and infrastructure
Significant economic activities in South Kurzeme Municipality include tourism , agriculture , forestry and fishing . The municipality is served by national roads A9 , which connects Liepāja to Riga , and A11 , which runs from Liepāja to the Lithuanian border crossing near Rucava . The Jelgava–Liepāja Railway runs east to west through the municipality . Liepāja International Airport is located in South Kurzeme Municipality at Cimdenieki just east of Liepāja .
References
Municipalities of Latvia
2021 establishments in Latvia
States and territories established in 2021
The Azmat-class stealth fast attack craft ( military designation : Azmat FAC ( M ) ) is a class of missile-bearing fast attack craft , currently in service with the Pakistan Navy . The Azmat class is based on the Chinese design , Houjian class . The Pakistani Azmat class is the modernized version according to the requirements of Pakistan navy .
The project was jointly designed and constructed in Pakistan and China after a partnership agreement was signed between two Chinese contractors , China State Shipbuilding Corporation and the Xingang Shipyard and the Pakistan-based KSEW Ltd . The Azmat-class ships are intended for deployment in maritime patrol , anti-surface warfare , anti-air warfare , search-and-rescue ( SAR ) and anti-piracy missions .
List of vessels
Gallery
References
Missile boat classes
China–Pakistan military relations
Ships built in Pakistan
Ships built in China
Bitetto-Palo del Colle is a railway station in Bitetto , Italy . The station is located on the Bari–Taranto railway . The train services are operated by Trenitalia .
Train services
The station is served by the following service ( s ) :
Local services ( Treno regionale ) Bari - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
References
This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at September 2014 .
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Bari
Dasylagon is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are at least two described species in Dasylagon .
Species
These two species belong to the genus Dasylagon :
Dasylagon aegeriae Muesebeck , 1958 ( Colombia )
Dasylagon simulans Muesebeck , 1958 ( Brazil and Honduras )
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Centrella may refer to :
Centrella , a food brand name used by the Central Grocers Cooperative in Illinois
Centrella Inn , a complex of historic buildings in Pacific Grove , California
Joan Centrella , American astrophysicist
B type proanthocyanidins are a specific type of proanthocyanidin , which are a class of flavanoids . They are oligomers of flavan-3-ols .
Dimeric B type proanthocyanidins
These molecules have the molecular formula C30H26O12 ( molar mass : 578.52 g/mol , exact mass : 578.142426 ) .
Molecules with 4→8 bonds
The 4-8 bond can be in the alpha or in the beta position .
Procyanidin B1 or epicatechin- ( 4β→8 ) -catechin
Procyanidin B2 or ( − ) -epicatechin- ( 4β→8 ) - ( − ) -epicatechin
Procyanidin B3 or catechin- ( 4α→8 ) -catechin
Procyanidin B4 or catechin- ( 4α→8 ) -epicatechin
Molecules with 4→6 bonds
Procyanidin B5 or epicatechin- ( 4β→6 ) -epicatechin
Procyanidin B6 or catechin- ( 4α→6 ) -catechin
Procyanidin B8 or catechin- ( 4α→6 ) -epicatechin
Chemistry
B-type procyanidin ( catechin dimer ) can be converted to A-type procyanidin by radical oxidation .
Dimeric proanthocyanidins can also be synthesized with procyanidin-rich grape seed extracts reacted with flavan-3-ols under acid catalysis .
Trimeric B type proanthocyanidins
Procyanidin C1
Procyanidin C2
Chemical synthesis
A stereoselective synthesis of benzylated catechin trimer under intermolecular condensation is achieved using equimolar amount of dimeric catechin nucleophile and monomeric catechin electrophile catalyzed by AgOTf or AgBF4 . The coupled product can be transformed into procyanidin C2 by a known procedure .
Iterative oligomer chemical synthesis
A coupling utilising a C8-boronic acid as a directing group was developed in the synthesis of natural procyanidin B3 ( i.e. , 3,4-trans- ( + ) -catechin-4α→8- ( + ) -catechin dimer ) . The key interflavan bond is forged using a novel Lewis acid-promoted coupling of C4-ether 6 with C8-boronic acid 16 to provide the α-linked dimer with high diastereoselectivity . Through the use of a boron protecting group , the new coupling procedure can be extended to the synthesis of a protected procyanidin trimer analogous to natural procyanidin C2 .
See also
Procyanidin dimer
References
Condensed tannins
The Moses Eaton Jr. House is a historic house on Hancock Road ( New Hampshire Route 137 ) in Harrisville , New Hampshire . Built about 1782 , it is one of the oldest houses in the eastern part of Harrisville , and was home for fifty years to the itinerant folk stenciler Moses Eaton Jr . The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
Description and history
The Moses Eaton Jr. House stands in a rural area in eastern Harrisville , at the northeast corner of Hancock Road and Sargent Camp Road . It is a -story plank-frame Cape style structure , with a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior . Its main facade faces south , and is five bays wide , with sash windows arranged around a central entry . The front roof face is pierced by a pair of two-window shed-roof dormers . A single-story ell extends to the rear , joining the house to an 18th-century barn . The interior retains some early period features , including stencilwork by its best-known resident .
The house was built about 1782 by Daniel Warren , a veteran of the Battle of Bunker Hill . It is one of the best-preserved plank-style Capes in Harrisville , and the oldest building in the Eastview area of the town . It is also notable as the home for many years of the itinerant folk stenciler Moses Eaton Jr. Eaton and his father both practiced this trade , and instances of their work survive in houses scattered throughout New England . The shed-roof dormers were added to the house around 1916 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1790
Houses in Harrisville , New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
Anoushka Schut-Welkzijn ( born February 6 , 1969 in Delft ) is a Dutch politician . As a member of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie ) she was an MP between September 20 , 2012 and March 23 , 2017 .
She worked for the Dutch Healthcare Authority ( Nederlandse Zorgautoriteit ) from 2005 to 2010 , and was political assistant to Minister and fellow party member Edith Schippers from 2010 to 2012 .
Schut-Welkzijn studied public administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam and economics at Birkbeck , University of London .
References
1969 births
Living people
Dutch civil servants
Erasmus University Rotterdam alumni
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
People from Delft
People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
State Route 821 ( SR 821 ) is a north–south state highway in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio . A state-maintained section of the old US 21 , its southern terminus is at SR 60 approximately north of Marietta , and its northern terminus is at I-77 in Byesville , along with the eastern terminus of SR 209 . The route is entirely undivided surface road , and is much less direct than the newer I-77 which supplanted it as a through route . As the interstate was being built , the designation of US 21 was moved to the freeway before Ohio wholly decommissioned the now-superfluous U.S. route . SR 821 was designated about two years after US 21 was moved onto I-77 in southeastern Ohio .
Route description
Along its path , SR 821 passes through central portions of Washington County and Noble County , and into the southern part of Guernsey County . No segment of the route is included as a part of the National Highway System ( NHS ) . The NHS is a network of highways identified as being most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the nation .
History
SR 821 was created in 1971 . The designation was applied to what was the former routing of US 21 between Marietta and Byesville , prior to the completion of I-77 through the area by 1969 . At the time , when the US 21 designation was removed from Ohio in favor of I-77 , this stretch of roadway was removed from the state highway system . However , by 1971 , it was introduced back into the system , and was given the designation of SR 821 , based on its routing along the old path of US 21 .
Major intersections
See also
List of state highways in Ohio
References
External links
821
821
821
821
U.S. Route 21
Hempin ' Ai n't Easy is the third album by B-Legit . It was released on July 25 , 2000 , for Koch Records and Sick Wid It Records and featured production from B-Legit , Ant Banks , Daz Dillinger , Studio Ton , Tone Capone , Big Sin , Bosko , Mr. Payback , Sam Bostic and Keith Clizark . Hempin ' Ai n't Easy peaked at No . 13 on the Billboard Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and No . 21 on the Independent Albums chart . The single , `` Hempin ' Ai n't Easy '' , reached No . 64 on the Hot Rap Singles chart .
Track listing
`` Intro '' - :51
`` Blaze It '' - 4:27
`` Rap Sta '' - 4:46 ( featuring Little Bruce )
`` What They 're Talkin ' Bout '' - 3:56
`` Destiny '' - 4:37 ( featuring Levitti )
`` The Game Is Cold '' - 4:09 ( featuring Snoop Dogg )
`` Hood Ratz and Knuckleheads '' - 3:17 ( featuring E-40 , D-Shot , Otis & Shug )
`` I 'm Dying with Mine '' - 4:08 ( featuring Lil Keke & Archie Lee )
`` It 's in the Game '' - 3:42
`` Hard Head Nigga '' - 5:00
`` Keep It P.I . `` - 4:45 ( featuring Mac Shawn )
`` Where the Gangstas At '' - 3:04 ( featuring Kurupt & Mack 10 )
`` Grape Wine '' - 3:56
`` Touch You There '' - 3:58 ( featuring Harm )
`` Gold Ones '' - 4:41 ( featuring Richie Rich )
`` Scared Man '' - 4:29 ( featuring E-40 & The Mossie )
`` The World Is a Mutha '' - 4:47 ( featuring Little Bruce )
`` To All My Playaz '' - 4:52 ( featuring Shortyega , Ronnie Simpson & Mr. Clean )
B-Legit albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Ant Banks
Albums produced by Bosko
Albums produced by Studio Ton
E1 Music albums
Sick Wid It Records albums
Elmalık is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 420 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
Florestal is a city in Minas Gerais , Brazil . The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Belo Horizonte .
See also
List of municipalities in Minas Gerais
References
Municipalities in Minas Gerais
Smithfield State High School is a secondary school located in Smithfield , Cairns , Queensland , Australia . Smithfield State High School operates as an independent public secondary school and is known for its unique partnership with Trinity Beach State School and James Cook University , through the Tropical North Learning Academy . The school attracts students primarily from the Cairns and tableland area .
As of 2020 , there are about 1000 students ( ranging from years 7 to 12 ) enrolled in the school .
History
The school opened in 1983 .
Trivia
The school 's sporting mascot is a crocodile by the name of `` Salty ''
The school 's extra curricular music program consists of a Concert Band and a Jazz Academy .
The former principal Barry Courtney also went by the nickname `` Bazza '' .
A musical rehearsal space features a brick wall on which each brick has been painted over by a previous instrumental student .
In 2019 , a short-lived `` Suhld Pinauz '' club was founded by Year 12 students under the belief that the lab skeleton was a living entity that spat bile . It was disbanded when they graduated .
It is a long lasting cultural feature among students and teachers to tell stories of paranormal activity . These include the `` June Werewolves '' , the `` JazzD Virus '' , the `` Plaster Hand '' , and `` The Ghost of Ler Warchild '' .
The school will often use the neighboring YMCA to host events and parades .
See also
List of schools in Far North Queensland
References
Schools in Cairns
Public high schools in Queensland
Educational institutions established in 1983
1983 establishments in Australia
Janusz Jankowski is a doctor , educationalist and scientist of Scottish Polish origin He is an expert in Social and Healthcare Policy , Academic Management and Global Research and Education Networks He was formerly in previous senior management roles including Deputy Vice Chancellor of Research and Innovation , Pro Vice Chancellor Research , Vice Dean Research and the Sir James Black Professorship .
Education and qualifications
Jankowski was educated at Hillhead High School , Glasgow a state co-educational school . He graduated from the University of Glasgow with a Baccalaureate in Medicine and Surgery ( 1983 ) , the University of Dundee for a Doctorate of Medicine in Molecular Medicine ( 1996 ) , a Doctorate of Philosophy in Molecular Genetics at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School , Imperial College at the University of London ( 1996 ) and at the University of Oxford gaining a Masters in Epidemiology and Clinical Trials ( 2009 ) .
Career
Jankowski has held Professorships at the University of Birmingham , University of Leicester Queen Mary University of London and has been a Visiting Professor and then the Sir James Black Senior Fellow at the University of Oxford . He has been the Associate Dean for Research at the Plymouth University Peninsula Schools of Medicine and Dentistry , and then as Pro Vice Chancellor Research , University of Central Lancashire and briefly on a part-time basis as Deputy Vice Chancellor for Research and Innovation at RCSI . He was also Consultant Gastroenterologist and Lead Mentor at the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust . Over 20 years he has raised £120m+ in funds .
Jankowski had a senior management contribution to the Research Excellence Framework 2014 as the Clinical Medicine ( UoA1 ) Lead for the Plymouth University Peninsula Schools of Medicine and Dentistry ( PUPSMD ) .
Clinician and teacher
Jankowski is an expert in reflux esophagitis , Barrett 's esophagus , acute medicine and clinical trials as well as in cancer prevention and health promotion . As a clinician , Jankowski has created centres of excellence in medicine including the Digestive Disease Centre , University Hospitals of Leicester 2002–2012 . He also set up Scotland 's endoscopic surveillance service for Barrett 's esophagus ( ESBE ) between 1988–1991 at Ninewells Hospital of Dundee
Jankowski has published independent guidance for the National Health Service ( NHS ) and other international organisations using the Delphi systematic review platforms .
Jankowski was an editor of text books in gastroenterology and gastrointestinal cancer .
Research and publications
Jankowski 's group have undertaken several studies including the isolation of label retaining cells ( putative stem cells ) in the oesophagus , identification of the genomic factors associated with the premalignant condition Barrett 's oesophagus . Jankowski has studied the use of aspirin and proton pump inhibitors in one of the largest randomized clinical trials to prevent cancer . Jankowski is a highly cited clinical academic with a h-index of over 65 . He has over 200 publications of which 150 are peer reviewed papers including in Gastroenterology , The Lancet , Lancet Oncology , Nature , Nature Genetics , Nature Communications , New England Journal of Medicine and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
Awards and honours
Jankowski has been awarded NHS Clinical Excellence Awards , the Sir Francis Avery Jones Award ( British Society of Gastroenterology ) , the James Black Senior Fellowship ( University of Oxford ) and Lectureship ( Brasenose College ) and the Sir James Black Professorship ( Plymouth University ) .
Pro bono roles and directorships
Jankowski is a Tae Kwon Do 1st Dan black belt . He has been a parish councillor . Jankowski has been chair of the Acute and Chronic Diseases Panel of NICE , chair the GI Cancer Prevention Committee of the National Cancer Research Network and chair of the Education Committee of the British Society of Gastroenterology . Jankowski is currently chair of the European Union TRANSCAN-2 committee . Since July 2019 , he has been Chair of the Board of Directors at University College of Osteopathy .
References
20th-century Scottish medical doctors
21st-century Scottish medical doctors
Living people
Scottish people of Polish descent
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of London
Academics of the University of Birmingham
People educated at Hillhead High School
Scottish scientists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Bréguet Br 900 Louisette was a short-span , single-seat competition sailplane built in France in the 1940s . It set some French gliding records but was unsuccessful at the international level . Only six production aircraft were built .
Design and development
Despite its long history of aircraft design and production , Bréguet Aviation had not built a glider before the 900 . After World War II they found themselves with many craftsmen who had skills in building with wood , so light aviation and unpowered aircraft offered a market opportunity . George Ricard designed a wooden , single-seat , mid-wing cantilever monoplane which , though intended for competition , had the comparatively short span of 14.35 m ( 47 ft 1 in ) .
The wings of the Bréguet 900 were straight-tapered , with squared off tips with small tip fences . They had marked dihedral . Forward of the single box spar the wing was plywood covered , with fabric aft . Narrow ailerons occupied the outer halves of the wing trailing edge , with flaps of the same chord inboard . From the second prototype onwards the Bréguet 900 had spoilers at about mid-chord just inboard of the ailerons . On the earliest aircraft these were of the DFS type but were later replaced by Schempp-Hirth parallel ruler action brakes .
The fuselage of the Bréguet 900 was plywood-covered and of oval cross-section , nearly circular aft of the wing and deepening markedly to accommodate the cockpit . The fin and rudder were also ply-covered , bearing fabric-covered control surfaces . The horn balanced rudder was broad and reached between the elevators to the bottom of the fuselage . Some production aircraft had taller vertical surfaces than those of earlier 900s . The straight-tapered horizontal surfaces folded upwards for ease of transport . Early models used an angular , multi-piece canopy , later supplanted by a smooth single piece Plexiglas one . The rear of the canopy joined the high upper fuselage line continuously . The Bréguet 900 landed on a fixed monowheel undercarriage with a protective ash noseskid ahead of it . Unusually , the tow-release involved two hooks , one on either side of the fuselage just under the wing leading edge .
The first prototype flew on 17 June 1948 , the second in the following March .
Operational history
Soon after its first flight in March 1949 the second prototype , equipped with DFS airbrakes and flaps and flown by Paul Lepanse , set a new French distance record of 470 km ( 292 mi ) . This was later broken by Roger Biagi in the second production aircraft ( 900S-2 ) with a distance of 525 km ( 326 mi ) . 900S-4 , piloted by Robert Delhoume , set a record speed around a 100 km ( 62 mi ) triangle .
The 900 competed in two World Gliding Championships without success : in 1950 the second prototype was wrecked after an airbrake failure and in 1952 900S-5 was placed 21st out of 39 , limited by its short span .
One restored Bréguet 900S , the first production machine , remained on the French civil register in 2010 .
Variants
900 Two prototypes . 1st had spoilers and no flaps , 2nd DFS airbrakes and flaps .
900S Six production aircraft , all slightly different : Schempp-Hirth airbrakes , a single piece canopy and a taller fin introduced piecemeal .
Specifications
References
Bibliography
1950s French sailplanes
0900
Glider aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1948
Mid-wing aircraft
Matthew Dean Foreman is an American mathematician at
University of California , Irvine . He has made notable contributions in set theory and in ergodic theory .
Biography
Born in Los Alamos , New Mexico , Foreman earned his Ph.D. from the
University of California , Berkeley in 1980 under Robert M. Solovay . His
dissertation title was Large Cardinals and Strong Model Theoretic Transfer
Properties .
In addition to his mathematical work , Foreman is an avid sailor .
He and his family sailed their sailboat Veritas ( a built by C & C Yachts ) from North America to Europe in 2000 . From 2000–2008 they sailed Veritas to the Arctic , the Shetland Islands , Scotland , Ireland , England , France , Spain , North Africa and Italy .
Notable high points were Fastnet Rock , Irish and Celtic seas and many passages including the
Maelstrom , Stad , Pentland Firth , Loch Ness , the Corryveckan and the Irish Sea .
Further south they sailed through the Chenal du Four and Raz de Sein , across the Bay of Biscay and around Cape Finisterre . After entering Gibraltar , Foreman and his family circumnavigated the Western Mediterranean . Some notable stops included : Barcelona , Morocco , Tunisia , Sicily , Naples , Sardinia and Corsica . In 2009 Foreman , his son with guest members as crew , circumnavigated Newfoundland .
Foreman has been recognized for his sailing by twice winning the Ullman Trophy .
Work
Foreman began his career in set theory . His early work with Hugh Woodin included showing that it is consistent that the generalized continuum hypothesis ( see continuum hypothesis ) fails at every infinite cardinal . In joint work with Menachem Magidor and Saharon Shelah he formulated Martin 's maximum , a provably maximal form of Martin 's axiom and showed its consistency . Foreman 's later work in set theory was primarily concerned with developing the consequences of generic large cardinal axioms . He also worked on classical `` Hungarian '' partition relations , mostly with András Hajnal .
In the late 1980s Foreman became interested in measure theory and ergodic theory . With Randall Dougherty he settled the Marczewski problem ( 1930 ) by showing that there is a Banach–Tarski decomposition of the unit ball in which all pieces have the property of Baire ( see Banach–Tarski paradox ) . A consequence is the existence of a decomposition of an open dense subset of the unit ball into disjoint open sets that can be rearranged by isometries to form two open dense subsets of the unit ball . With Friedrich Wehrung , Foreman showed that the Hahn–Banach theorem implied the existence of a non-Lebesgue measurable set , even in the absence of any other form of the axiom of choice .
This naturally led to attempts to apply the tools of descriptive set theory to classification problems in ergodic theory . His first work in this direction , with Ferenc Beleznay , showed that classical collections were beyond the Borel hierarchy in complexity . This was followed shortly by a proof of the analogous results for measure-preserving transformations with generalized discrete spectrum . In a collaboration with Benjamin Weiss and Daniel Rudolph Foreman showed that no residual class of measure-preserving transformations can have algebraic invariants and that the isomorphism relation on ergodic measure-preserving transformations is not Borel . This negative result finished a program proposed by von Neumann in 1932 . This result was extended by Foreman and Weiss to show that smooth area-preserving diffeomorphisms of the 2-torus are unclassifiable .
Foreman 's work in set theory continued during this period . He co-edited ( with Kanamori ) the Handbook of Set Theory and showed that various combinatorial properties of ω2 and ω3 are equiconsistent with huge cardinals .
In 1998 Foreman was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin .
In 2021 , he gave the Gödel Lecture titled Gödel Diffeomorphisms .
References
American logicians
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
1957 births
Living people
University of California , Berkeley alumni
University of California , Irvine faculty
Set theorists
People from Los Alamos , New Mexico
Gödel Lecturers
The Players Tour Championship 2011/2012 – Event 10 was a professional minor-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 27 and 30 November 2011 at the World Snooker Academy in Sheffield , England .
David Gray made the 80th official maximum break during his round 2 preliminary match against Robbie Williams . This was Gray 's second 147 break . Ricky Walden made the 81st official maximum break during his last 128 match against Gareth Allen . This was Walden 's first 147 break .
Michael Holt won his third professional title by defeating Dominic Dale 4–2 in the final .
Prize fund and ranking points
The breakdown of prize money and ranking points of the event is shown below :
1 Only professional players can earn ranking points .
Main draw
Preliminary rounds
Round 1
Best of 7 frames
Round 2
Best of 7 frames
Main rounds
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Finals
Century breaks
147 , 109 Ricky Walden
147 David Gray
145 Peter Lines
142 , 103 , 102 Ben Woollaston
134 , 131 Ken Doherty
133 Jimmy Robertson
132 , 106 Tom Ford
132 , 102 Cao Yupeng
130 , 120 , 109 , 103 , 101 Marco Fu
129 , 100 Graeme Dott
129 Ali Carter
128 Liu Song
126 Anthony McGill
123 , 100 Tian Pengfei
123 Ryan Day
123 Joe Perry
121 Martin Gould
120 Chris Norbury
120 Neil Robertson
119 Jamie Cope
119 Rory McLeod
119 Stephen Lee
118 Reanne Evans
113 , 106 Duane Jones
113 , 106 Dave Harold
113 Dominic Dale
110 , 103 Stephen Maguire
110 Stephen Hendry
109 Scott MacKenzie
108 Fergal O'Brien
106 Liam Highfield
105 Andrew Norman
104 John Higgins
102 Michael Holt
102 Sam Baird
101 Andy Hicks
101 Nigel Bond
101 Judd Trump
100 Jack Lisowski
100 David Gilbert
References
10
2011 in English sport
Paul A. Bové ( born 1949 in Philadelphia ) is distinguished professor of English at the University of Pittsburgh and editor of the peer-reviewed academic journal of postmodern theory , literature , and culture Boundary 2 , published by Duke University Press . Bové has been a member of the Pitt faculty since 1979 and was named a distinguished professor in 2005 . Bové also holds affiliations with the Institute for Cultural Studies at the University of Valencia in Spain and the Centre for International Political Studies in Pretoria , South Africa . From 1994 to 1999 he served on the board of directors of the Institute of Postmodern Studies at Peking University .
Selected writings
Poetry Against Torture : Criticism , History , and the Human
In the Wake of Theory
Mastering Discourse : The Politics of Intellectual Culture
Intellectuals in Power : A Genealogy of Critical Humanism
Destructive Poetics : Heidegger and Modern American Poetry
A More Conservative Place : Intellectual Culture in the Bush Era
Early Postmodernism : Foundational Essay , Durham , NC : Duke University , 1995
References
External links
Bové 's homepage from University of Pittsburgh
Boundary 2 homepage from Duke University Press
1949 births
Living people
Writers from Philadelphia
American academics of English literature
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Journalists from Pennsylvania
Mark Herman ( born 1954 ) is an English film director and screenwriter , best known for writing and directing the 2008 film The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas .
Life and career
Herman was born in Bridlington , East Riding of Yorkshire , England . He was educated at Woodleigh School , North Yorkshire and thereafter at Sedbergh School and Bridlington Grammar School , Bridlington . Aged 27 , he was late entering the film industry , studying Art at Hull Art College before taking up animation at Leeds Polytechnic , now Leeds Beckett University , from where he progressed to the National Film and Television School .
There , he moved away from animation and towards writing and directing . He also wrote lyrics for the successful 1980s band The Christians on their first album , The Christians , alongside fellow East Riding of Yorkshire songwriter Henry Priestman .
Herman 's first feature-length project was Blame It on the Bellboy ( 1992 ) , a comedy of mistaken identity starring Dudley Moore and Bryan Brown .
Next , Herman wrote and directed the critically acclaimed Brassed Off ( 1996 ) , following the members of a colliery brass band , still struggling to survive a decade after the miners ' strike .
In Little Voice ( 1998 ) , adapted by Herman from Jim Cartwright 's play The Rise and Fall of Little Voice , Jane Horrocks reprises the title role of a harried young woman whose only escape lies in the memory of her father and in imitating the singers he admired .
Purely Belter ( 2000 ) , adapted by Herman from Jonathan Tulloch 's novel The Season Ticket , is the story of two teenage boys trying to get together enough money for a couple of Newcastle United F.C . season tickets . Hope Springs ( 2003 ) , is an adaptation of New Cardiff .
His most recent work is the adaptation of The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas . It was produced by David Heyman and stars David Thewlis , Vera Farmiga , Sheila Hancock and Rupert Friend . Herman directed and adapted the work .
Herman is a fellow of Film and Television Production , York St John University , York , England , and has received Honorary Doctorates from Hull University and Leeds Beckett University .
Jessica Winter in The Rough Guide to Film criticises Herman 's fondness for `` cloying '' close-ups and `` contrived melodramatic showdown [ s ] '' , saying of the film Purely Belter , that it `` probably did n't create many new converts to Herman 's partly gritty , party feel-good socialist realist strain of filmmaking . ''
Filmography
See You at Wembley , Frankie Walsh ( 1987 ) – a comedy based around the wedding of a Hull City fan ; won a Student Academy Award in 1987 .
Unusual Ground Floor Conversion ( 1987 )
Blame It on the Bellboy ( 1992 )
Brassed Off ( 1996 )
Little Voice ( 1998 )
Purely Belter ( 2000 )
Hope Springs ( 2003 )
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas ( 2008 )
References
1954 births
Living people
English film directors
English dramatists and playwrights
People from Bridlington
Alumni of the Northern Film School
Alumni of the National Film and Television School
English male dramatists and playwrights
Fort Apache Studios is a New England recording studio focusing on alternative rock sessions produced there since 1986 .
History
The studio was initially built by a collective begun in 1985 by musician/producer Joe Harvard and members of a band called Sex Execs : engineers Paul Q. Kolderie , Sean Slade , and Jim Fitting .
Its first location was 169 Norfolk Avenue , a warehouse in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts . As Bill Janovitz of Buffalo Tom noted , it was the height of the crack epidemic , and Roxbury was a dangerous place . As a result , Harvard gave the studio its name after the 1981 movie Fort Apache , The Bronx , which was set in a crime-ridden neighborhood .
The team took a do-it-yourself approach . Drummer Billy Conway , Fitting 's bandmate in Treat Her Right , framed the control room wall . The studio became very active recording Boston-area indie-rock groups in 1986 . It soon upgraded its early 8-track Roxbury facilities to 16-track equipment .
Fort Apache relocated its facilities above the Rounder Records warehouse and offices on Camp Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts in 1988 . Around then , Harvard briefly became sole owner .
In 1995 , a larger studio was built a block away , on Edmunds Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts . In 2002 , the company moved the studio from Massachusetts into space leased in an old hotel called The Windham , in Bellows Falls , Vermont . In 2007 operations in Bellows Falls were suspended and Smith moved the studio and management offices to his farm nearby in New Hampshire .
`` Fort Apache '' as a business name
Smith used `` Fort Apache '' as the name of a multi-faceted company that operated the studio business , a concert promotion business , and a business managing artists such as Juliana Hatfield , Tanya Donelly and Natalie Merchant . From 2002-2006 , Fort Apache additionally operated a music venue in the lobby of The Windham Hotel , where it recorded and broadcast nearly 200 live concerts . The concert venue was originally the brainchild of Smith and Charlie Hunter , owner of the Bellows Falls booking agency Flying Under Radar . In 2007 , operations in Bellows Falls were suspended and Smith moved the studio and management offices to his farm nearby in New Hampshire .
Artists
Among the many major groups and artists who have recorded there over the years are the Pixies , Radiohead , Rubyhorse , Superdrag , Come , Big Dipper ( band ) , Juliana Hatfield , Throwing Muses , Belly , Tanya Donelly , Dinosaur Jr. , Sebadoh , The Lemonheads , Volcano Suns , The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , Elliott Smith , Eleventh Dream Day , The Connells , The Specials , Blake Babies , Weezer , Yo La Tengo , Evan Dando , Warren Zevon , Dirt Merchants , Fat Tuesday Toys Went Berserk , The Shods , Spore , Blameless , Uncle Tupelo and many more . Check out `` The Bridge - A Tribute To Neil Young '' for Fort recordings of The Pixies and Dinosaur Jr .
Affiliated Producers
Producers affiliated with the studio in the 1980s and 1990s included Lou Giordano , studio manager Gary Smith , Sean Slade , Paul Q Kolderie , Tim O'Heir . and Matt Bayles . Smith brought the Pixies to Fort Apache to record their legendary 1987 demos later known as The Purple Tape and also produced several of Throwing Muses ' 1980s albums there . Smith became a co-owner of the studio when it was moved to its 24-track Cambridge facilities in 1988 . Eventually , in the 1990s , Harvard sold his ownership interests in the studio to partners Smith and Billy Bragg and departed . Fort Apache also hosted a recording label in partnership with MCA Records in the mid-1990s .
History By Location
Norfolk Avenue 1985 to 1987
Smith brought the Pixies in to record their 1987 demos Pixies ( EP ) later known as The Purple Tape . Smith also produced several of Throwing Muses ' albums .
Camp Street 1987 to 2003
The Camp Street location was above the Rounder Records warehouse and offices on Camp Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Records made in this location include Hole 's Live Through This ( 1994 ) , Radiohead 's Pablo Honey ( 1993 ) , Radiohead 's The Bends ( 1995 ) , Dinosaur Jr.s Green Mind , Fat Tuesday 's Everybody 's Got One and Buffalo Tom 's Let Me Come Over ( 1992 ) .
Camp Street 2003 to 2010
Grammy-winning producer Paul Kolderie continued to operate this studio under the Business Name `` Camp Street . '' His most recent works include the 2014 Grammy-Nominated DELLA MAE record , the first new record in a decade by The Dismemberment Plan , as well as new records from Speedy Ortiz , Mike Gordon , Mark Mulcahy , and Yellow Ostrich .
Edmunds Street 1995 to 2003
The second location was opened in 1995 was a short walk across Mass Ave to Edmunds Street . The Edmunds street location used the same architectural plans as the Camp Street locations so that mixes could be worked on in both places . The Edmunds Street location featured a performance studio with a stage and 18 ' high ceilings . This improved space made it possible to record huge drum sounds like those heard on Oceanic . The Edmunds Street studio also opened the opportunity to host live concerts for the radio with artists like David Bowie , Beck , The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , Dinosaur Jr , Goo Goo Dolls and Radiohead . Recordings from the first series of concerts can be found on the album This is Fort Apache ( 1995 ) .
Bellows Falls , VT 2002 to 2007
In 2002 Gary Smith , who by then was sole owner of the company , moved the studio from Massachusetts to Bellows Falls , VT , while continuing to operate it under the famous Fort Apache Studios name as well . Since then , Paul Kolderie and Sean Slade have continued to run the original Fort Apache studio location under the name Camp Street Studios . For fifteen years , Smith used `` Fort Apache '' as the name of a multi-faceted company that operated the studio business , a concert promotion business , and a business managing artists such as Juliana Hatfield , Tanya Donelly and Natalie Merchant . From 2002-2006 , Fort Apache additionally operated a music venue in the lobby of The Windham Hotel , where it recorded and broadcast nearly 200 live concerts . The concert venue was originally the brainchild of Smith and Charlie Hunter , owner of the Bellows Falls booking agency Flying Under Radar .
Edmunds Street 2008 to Present
In 2008 , The Bridge Sound & Stage began opened for business at the Edmunds Street location . The engineers at The Bridge are Owen Curtin and Janos Fulop . AR Classic Records is also run out of this location . Among the artists recording and performing in this location are Amanda Palmer , Sheryl Crow , David Gray , Keene , Slaine , Ed O.G. , Jordan Knight , Moe Pope , Jared Evan , Duck Down Music Inc. , Sean Price , Termanology , Slane and many more .
References
Erlewine , Stephen Thomas . [ Pixies Biography ] . Allmusic . Retrieved Apr . 20 , 2005 .
Fort Apache Selected Discography . Fort Apache Studios website . Retrieved Apr . 18 , 2005 .
Harvard , Joe ( 1998 ) . Fort Apache South : Getting Started . Boston Rock Storybook webpages . Retrieved Apr . 18 , 2005 .
Schoemer , Karen ( October 1994 ) . Fort Apache . Liner notes to This is Fort Apache CD .
Smith , Gary ( 1997 ) . Pixies Biography . Hip Online . Retrieved Apr . 20 , 2005 .
The Windham Opens in Bellows Falls , Vermont . ( March 31 , 2004 ) . Press Release at The Windham 's website . Retrieved Apr . 18 , 2005 .
The Bridge Sound & Stage . The Bridge Sound And Stage '' Retrieved Mar . 18 , 2009 .
Brief history at The Music Museum of New England
External links
Fort Apache official site
Camp Street Studios official site
The Windham
The Bridge Sound And Stage
This Is Fort Apache - CD compilation
Recording studios in the United States
Companies based in Massachusetts
Companies based in Vermont
1986 establishments in Vermont
Jack Craig Couffer A.S.C . ( December 7 , 1924 – July 30 , 2021 ) was an American cinematographer , film and television director , and author . Couffer has specialized on documentary films , often involving nature and animal cinematography . Couffer was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on the film version of the novel Jonathan Livingston Seagull ( 1974 ) .
Couffer served in the United States Army during the Second World War ; based on his war experience , he subsequently wrote a book about the `` Bat Bomb '' project to use bats to deliver incendiary bombs . Following the war Couffer studied at the University of Southern California School of Cinema-Television . During the 1950s , Couffer and a friend sailed a boat to the Galapagos islands , staying for 10 months - an event Couffer described as the best time in his life .
Couffer has described his subsequent career as follows :
Among many other projects with Disney , Couffer wrote , directed , and filmed the documentary The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle ( 1967 ) . Couffer has also worked on numerous independent and major studio films and television shows . Couffer was credited as a cinematographer for the influential , experimental documentary The Savage Eye ( 1959 ) , and received his nomination for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for the film Jonathan Livingston Seagull ( 1973 ) . He had worked with Joseph Strick on The Savage Eye , and Strick co-produced two drama films directed and written by Couffer , including Ring of Bright Water ( 1969 ) and The Darwin Adventure ( 1972 ) .
In addition to his book about the `` Bat Bomb , '' Couffer published ten other books of non-fiction and fiction . In 2019 , Couffer lived in Corona Del Mar , California and was still working at the age of 94 . He died in July 2021 at the age of 96 in a nursing facility in Costa Mesa , California .
References
External links
1924 births
2021 deaths
American cinematographers
American television directors
Film directors from California
People from Upland , California
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
The Farm Products Council of Canada ( formerly the National Farm Products Council ) is a Canadian government agency established in 1972 that is responsible for promoting efficient and competitive agriculture . It oversees the national Supply management ( Canada ) agencies for eggs , poultry , and chicken . It is thus the analogue of the Canadian Dairy Commission for those products . The Council reports to Parliament through the Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food .
The FPCC is responsible for administering two federal laws , the Farm Products Agencies Act ( FPAA ) and the Agricultural Products Marketing Act ( APMA ) . It helps to improve farm-product marketing between the provinces and territories and internationally .
The Council supervises the operations of the Egg Farmers of Canada , Turkey Farmers of Canada , Chicken Farmers of Canada , Canada Hatching Egg Producers , as well as the Canadian Beef Check-Off Agency and the Canadian Pork Promotion and Research Agency .
Aim and Vision
FPCC aims to provide Canadians with safe supply management system and monitor agricultural product market behaviours .
References
External links
Farm Products Council of Canada website
Egg Farmers of Canada website
Turkey Farmers of Canada website
Chicken Farmers of Canada website
Canadian Hatching Egg Producers website
Farm Products Agencies Act
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
Agriculture in Canada
Federal departments and agencies of Canada
Government agencies established in 1972
John Davenport ( January 9 , 1788 – July 18 , 1855 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born near Winchester , Virginia , Davenport attended the common schools . He moved to Ohio in 1818 and engaged in mercantile pursuits . Davenport settled in Belmont County , Ohio . There he served as member of the State house of representatives in 1824 , 1827 , and 1830 . He served as member of the State senate in 1825 and 1826 .
Davenport was elected as an Adams candidate to the Twentieth Congress ( March 4 , 1827 – March 3 , 1829 ) . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1828 to the Twenty-first Congress . Davenport was twice elected by the legislature as judge of the Monroe judicial circuit .
John Davenport died in Woodsfield , Ohio , July 18 , 1855 , with interment at Green Mount Cemetery in Barnesville , Ohio .
Family
John Davenport 's wife was Martha Coulson of Virginia , the daughter of American Revolutionary War veteran Captain Coulson , while his father was also served in that war . Davenport 's grandson from his daughter Frances Ellen Davenport , William D. Hare , served as a state legislator in Oregon .
Sources
1788 births
1855 deaths
People from Belmont County , Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Winchester , Virginia
James Hillhouse High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in New Haven , Connecticut . It serves grades 9–12 .
James Hillhouse High School is the oldest public high school in New Haven , and is part of the New Haven Public Schools .
History
Established in 1859 as New Haven High School , Hillhouse High School is New Haven 's oldest public high school . Originally located on Orange Street , it adopted its nickname , `` The Academics '' , in acknowledgment of its close association with Yale University .
In 1863 , the school was moved to a building at Orange and Wall Streets , which was replaced in 1871 by a new school .
The school is named in honor of James Hillhouse of New Haven , who represented Connecticut in the U.S. Congress in the early years of the United States ' existence as a nation , serving as both a Representative and a Senator .
For many years , Hillhouse served not only New Haven but also suburban towns around the city that did not have high schools of their own . Its peak enrollment was nearly 5,000 students , when the school had to conduct double sessions to accommodate the large enrollment .
Statistics
The school includes grades 9 through 12 and enrolls about 979 students .
Athletics
Hillhouse became involved in athletic competition as early as 1866 , when some boys formed a club to play a sport that is described as having `` resembled rugby and soccer . '' By 1884 , students were participating in several sports , including modern football , which had been invented by Walter Camp of New Haven . Team competition in baseball , tennis , ice hockey , indoor polo and yacht racing also had been established around this time . Basketball was introduced around the beginning of the 20th century .
Hillhouse football teams have won 17 state championships , ranking the school third in the state for football championships . The boys ' and girls ' basketball teams have a combined total 33 state championships . 24 for the boys and 9 for the girls . The boys ' and girls ' track teams also have more than 25 state championships between them . The Academics also have won state championships in baseball , swimming , ice hockey and tennis .
In 1999 , a grant was provided by the Connecticut Association of Schools to construct a fieldhouse for sports . Construction was finished in 2002 , and it was named the New Haven Athletic Center , later to become the Floyd Little Athletic Center in 2011 . The Athletic Center houses events for basketball , indoor track , and tennis . It has a capacity of 3,500 seats .
In 2016 , the school inaugurated its brand-new Bowen field ( football field ) after the discovery of elevated levels of toxic PCBs ( Polychlorinated biphenyls ) in bleacher caulking joints and exterior locker room paint in 2013
The school 's official colors are blue and white and the mascot is a bulldog due to the school 's early close association with Yale University . The school competes in the Hammonasset Division of the Southern Connecticut Conference and the sports offered are :
Fall
Football
Boys ' Soccer ( co-op with Hill Regional Career High School )
Girls ' Soccer ( co-op with Wilbur Cross High School )
Cross Country
Cheerleading
Volleyball
Winter
Boys ' Basketball
Girls ' Basketball
Indoor Track
Spring
Baseball
Softball
Golf
Outdoor Track
- The school is known for having one of the best Basketball teams in the state winning the state championship many years :
Boys Basketball State Championships :
1924 , 1926 , 1932 , 1937 , 1945 , 1946 , 1947 , 1948 , 1952 , 1955 , 1963 , 1964 , 1965 , 1969 , 1970 , 1978 , 1984 , 1986 , 1990 , 2006 , 2007 , 2013 , 2016 , 2017 .
Girls Basketball State Championships :
1981 , 1982 , 1998 , 2000 , 2004 , 2005 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 .
- The football team plays Wilbur Cross High School every year on Thanksgiving in the Elm City Bowl .
Notable alumni
Bob Barthelson , professional baseball pitcher
Albie Booth , football player
Ernest Borgnine , actor
Joseph Payne Brennan , New Haven poet , author , WWII/ETO veteran
John C. Daniels , mayor of New Haven
Chad Dawson , professional boxer
Pete Falsey , MLB player
Harrison Fitch , UConn basketball player
Robert Giaimo , U.S . Congressman
Louis Harris , pollster
John Huggins , leader in the Black Panthers
Levi Jackson , first African-American to be captain of the football team at Yale University
Joan R. Kemler , the first woman to serve as Connecticut State Treasurer ( 1986–87 )
Richard C. Lee , mayor of New Haven
Floyd Little , former 5x Pro Bowl and Pro Football Hall of Fame running back for the Denver Broncos
Paul McCracken , NBA and Maccabi Tel Aviv basketball player
Kevin McKeown , mayor of Santa Monica , California
Constance Baker Motley , civil rights activist and politician
Maurice Podoloff , first president of the National Basketball Association
Judith Schiff , chief research archivist , Yale University
Artie Shaw , jazz clarinetist and big band leader
Vincent Scully , architectural historian
William Starkweather , artist
Raymond St. Jacques , actor .
Dick Tettelbach , former MLB player ( New York Yankees , Washington Senators )
George Weiss , MLB executive
Terrell Wilks , sprinter and All American at University of Florida
References
External links
Schools in New Haven , Connecticut
Educational institutions established in 1859
Public high schools in Connecticut
1859 establishments in Connecticut
Muskett is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alice Jane Muskett ( 1869–1936 ) , Australian painter and writer
Emily Muskett ( born 1989 ) , British weightlifter
Jennie Muskett , British television composer
Netta Muskett ( 1887–1963 ) , English writer
Philip E. Muskett ( 1857–1909 ) , Australian physician and health reformer
See also
Hunter Muskett , an English folk rock band
Musket , a type of firearm
Kopelman is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Josh Kopelman ( born 1972 ) , American entrepreneur , venture capitalist , and philanthropist
Mikhail Kopelman ( born 1947 ) , Russian-American violinist
Kopelman Quartet , American string quartet
See also
Koppelman
Jewish surnames
The Journal of Psychoeducational Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of educational psychology . The journal 's editor-in-chief is Donald H. Saklofske ( University of Western Ontario ) . It was established in 1983 and is currently published by SAGE Publications . This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics ( COPE ) .
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Psychoeducational Assessment is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 1.424 , ranking it 30 out of 59 journals in the category `` Psychology , Educational '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1982
Educational psychology journals
8 times per year journals
Ypsolopha buscki is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from the United States , including Arizona .
The wingspan is about 22 mm .
The antennae are light fuscous . The labial palpi are blackish fuscous on the outside and light ochreous on the inside . The tuft on the second joint is small and the terminal joint is thickened with rough scales anteriorly . The face , head and thorax are light ochreous fuscous with blackish scales . The shoulders are darker and purplish . The forewings are whitish fuscous with a violet or silvery sheen and sprinkled with light brown , dark fuscous and black scales . The hindwings are light silvery fuscous and the abdomen is silvery fuscous , sprinkled with black . The legs are whitish fuscous .
Taxonomy
The species was first described as Cerostoma manella by August Busck in 1903 . This name was already occupied by the species Ypsolopha manella described a year earlier by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr . In 1982 John B. Heppner published the replacement name Ypsolopha buscki .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Schottenstein Edition of the Babylonian Talmud is a 20th-century , 73-volume edition of the Babylonian Talmud ( Talmud Bavli ) featuring an elucidated translation and commentary .
The text is published by ArtScroll , a division of Mesorah Publications , with the financial assistance of Jerome Schottenstein , an Orthodox Jew and founder of an Ohio department store . The Schottenstein Edition is published in three languages : English , French , and Modern Hebrew . The edition has gained much popularity since its release and is used in many congregations throughout the English-speaking world . The total cost of the project was $ 40,000,000 ( including the Hebrew edition ) ; some sources estimate the cost of production for each volume to be $ 250,000 . The publication of all 73 volumes took fifteen years . The Schottenstein Edition is the first Orthodox non-academic English translation of the Babylonian Talmud since the Soncino Edition .
Structure
Each page of the Hebrew/Aramaic text is in the classic Vilna style , with various classical commentaries ( such as Rashi ) surrounding the text of the Mishnah and Gemara . Each Hebrew page is opposite a page of English translation—one Hebrew folio takes approximately six to eight pages of English to translate . The literal meaning of the text is shown in bold , while supplementary words and phrases that ease the quick transition of topics are shown in regular font .
Personnel
Rabbis Chaim Malinowitz and Yisroel Simchah Schorr are the general editors of the project . Nothing was considered final until Malinowitz approved the finished drafts .
See also
Gemara
Mishnah
Soncino Edition of the Babylonian Talmud
Steinsaltz Talmud
Talmud
References
External links
Artscroll 's website
Information on the Talmud
Additional information on the Schottenstein Edition
1984 non-fiction books
Talmud versions and translations
Translations into English
Sifrei Kodesh
Tristagma is a genus of South American plants in the onion subfamily with the Amaryllis family . It is native to South America ( Peru , Argentina , Chile and Uruguay ) but one of the species ( T. uniflorum ) has become naturalized in various other places .
Species
Tristagma ameghinoi ( Speg . ) Speg . - Mendoza + Santa Cruz Provinces of Argentina
Tristagma anemophilum Ravenna - Neuquén Province of Argentina
Tristagma atreucoense Ravenna - Neuquén Province of Argentina
Tristagma bivalve ( Hook . ex Lindl . ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma brevipes ( Kuntze ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma circinatum ( Sandwith ) Traub - Neuquén Province of Argentina
Tristagma fragrans Ravenna - central Chile
Tristagma gracile ( Phil . ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma graminifolium ( Phil . ) Ravenna - central Chile
Tristagma leichtlinii ( Baker ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma lineatum Ravenna - Santiago Region of Chile
Tristagma lomarum Ravenna - Arequipa Region of Peru
Tristagma malalhuense Ravenna - Mendoza Province of Argentina
Tristagma mirabile Ravenna - Neuquén Province of Argentina
Tristagma nahuelhuapinum Ravenna - Rio Negro Province of Argentina
Tristagma nivale Poepp . - central + southern Chile , southern Argentina
Tristagma patagonicum ( Baker ) Traub - southern Argentina
Tristagma peregrinans Ravenna - Uruguay
Tristagma philippii Gand . - central Chile
Tristagma poeppigianum ( Gay ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma porrifolium ( Poepp . ) Traub - central Chile
Tristagma sessile ( Phil . ) Traub - Chaco Province of Argentina , central Chile , Uruguay
Tristagma sociale Ravenna - Mendoza Province of Argentina
Tristagma staminosum Ravenna - O'Higgins Region of Chile
Tristagma tweedieanum ( Baker ) Traub - Uruguay , northeastern Argentina
Tristagma uniflorum ( Lindl . ) Traub - Uruguay , eastern Argentina ; naturalized in Great Britain , France , Australia , New Zealand , Oregon , California , southeastern United States ( from Texas to Maryland )
Tristagma yauriense Ravenna - Puno Province of Peru
formerly included
Several names have been coined using the name Tristagma but referring to species now considered better suited other genera ( Beauverdia , Leucocoryne , and Nothoscordum ) .
References
Bibliography
Amaryllidaceae genera
Taxa named by Eduard Friedrich Poeppig
The stripe-breasted wren ( Cantorchilus thoracicus ) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae . It is found in Honduras , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , and Panama .
Taxonomy and systematics
The stripe-breasted wren is monotypic . It has at times been treated as conspecific with the stripe-throated wren ( Cantorchilus leucopogon ) and the two form a superspecies .
Description
The stripe-breasted wren is long and has a mean weight of . Adults have a gray-brown crown , dark umber shoulders , back , and rump , and a dull blackish tail with buffy bars . Their face and sides of the neck have white streaks over a blackish base . Their throat and chest have black , white , and gray lengthwise streaks that stop abruptly at the plain olive-brown lower belly . Juveniles ' upperparts are more russet than the adults ' and the throat and chest have grayish brown , white , and dusky stripes .
Distribution and habitat
The stripe-breasted wren is found on the Caribbean slope of Middle America from eastern Honduras south through northeastern Nicaragua and eastern Costa Rica into Panama almost to the Canal Zone . It inhabits thick vegetation along woodland edges , in clearings , and along streams ; in Costa Rica it is also found in cacao and shade coffee plantations . In elevation it ranges from sea level to .
Behavior
Feeding
The stripe-breasted wren usually forages in low dense vegetation . Its diet has not been fully documented but is known to include insects and spiders .
Breeding
The stripe-breasted wren nests between March and July in Costa Rica . Both sexes build the nest ; it has two chambers and is draped over a branch ; a downward-facing entrance is in one chamber . It is made of plant fibers covered with moss and is typically between above ground . The clutch size is two or three .
Vocalization
The stripe-breasted wren has two very different song types . One , which is apparently sung only by the male , is `` a uniform series of whistles on one note '' similar to that of some small owls . The other , sung by both sexes antiphonally , is `` a cheerful series of liquid bubbling whistles . '' The species also has a variety of calls .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the stripe-breasted wren as being of The Least Concern . It `` appears able to adapt to very modified habitats , such as plantations '' and occurs in some protected areas .
References
stripe-breasted wren
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
stripe-breasted wren
stripe-breasted wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nõmme may refer to several places in Estonia :
Nõmme , district of Tallinn
Nõmme ( subdistrict ) , subdistrict in Nõmme District , Tallinn
Nõmme , Hiiumaa Parish , village in Hiiumaa Parish , Hiiu County
Nõmme , Jõgeva County , village in Mustvee Parish , Jõgeva County
Nõmme , Lääne-Nigula Parish , village in Lääne-Nigula Parish , Lääne County
Nõmme , Haapsalu , village in Haapsalu City , Lääne County
Nõmme , Lääne-Viru County , village in Väike-Maarja Parish , Lääne-Viru County
Nõmme , Pärnu County , village in Lääneranna Parish , Pärnu County
Nõmme , Rapla County , village in Rapla Parish , Rapla County
Nõmme , Saaremaa Parish , village in Saaremaa Parish , Saare County
Lukáš Chmelíř ( born April 15 , 1983 , in Ostrava ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player . He played with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga postseason .
References
External links
1983 births
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Sparta Praha players
Living people
Sportspeople from Ostrava
A real-estate lock box is a padlock-shaped box that generally hangs around the doorknob of a house that is on the market . The device holds the keys to a house to allow communal access for all real estate agents , while continuing to keep them secure . Permission is generally required from the seller , who is the owner , to install such a device on the door . Lock boxes can also be used for the general storage and security of keys for the use of familial access .
Traditional real estate lock boxes are secured either with a manual key , a security code , or a swipe card , while newer versions operate in tandem with mobile devices , incorporating logging and remote control and configuration .
Advances
New technology allows for computer generated codes to access the keys from a lockbox . When a buyers agent requests to see a property , a computer program will send a one time use code to the agent for a one time entry . This advancement allows for maximum security , and is nearly the equivalent to changing the lock every time a customer leaves . Other locks use mobile apps to grant access upon arrival of the customer .
See also
Knox Box—A type of lock box with a similar purpose used by firefighters
References
Containers
Locks ( security device )
Real estate
Security technology
Team rosters for the 2008 Claxton Shield
Australia Provincial
Player Roster
New South Wales Patriots
Player Roster
Perth Heat
Player Roster
Queensland Rams
Player Roster
South Australia
Player Roster
Victoria Aces
Player Roster
External links
Official Baseball Australia Website
Official 2008 Claxton Shield Website
Team
Patrick G. Kennedy SJ ( 1881–1966 ) , was an Irish Jesuit priest , naturalist and ornithologist . He was responsible for creating Ireland 's first nature reserve at Bull Island in Dublin in 1931 . He served as president of the Dublin Naturalist and Field Club ( 1941–42 ) .
Kennedy was born in Caherconlish , County Limerick in 1881 . He was educated at Crescent College and joined the Jesuits in 1898 , training in Tullabeg College , Stonyhurst College in England and Milltown Park in Dublin . He taught for a number of years in the Crescent College , Limerick where he was prefect of studies from 1916 to 1925 and Belvedere College , Dublin .
Publications
An Irish Sanctuary – Birds of the North Bull , by Fr . Patrick G. Kennedy SJ , Dublin : The Sign of The Three Candles , 1953 .
The birds of Ireland , by P. G. Kennedy SJ , and Kevin O'Shiel , 1955 .
References
Irish ornithologists
20th-century Irish Jesuits
1881 births
1966 deaths
People educated at Crescent College
People educated at Stonyhurst College
Alumni of Milltown Institute of Theology and Philosophy
Clergy from County Limerick
Faculty of Belvedere College
20th-century Irish zoologists
Scientists from County Limerick
Gustav Arne Carlsson ( born 5 January 1943 ) is a Swedish former ice hockey defenceman .
Carlsson competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble , France . He previously played for Södertälje SK , Frölunda HC , and Almtuna IS in the Swedish Elite League .
References
1943 births
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Sportspeople from Uppsala
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Alexander Peter Annan is an engineer whose research focuses on near-surface geophysics . He has made significant contributions to the development of ground-penetrating radar ( GPR ) technology . Annan is the CEO of Sensors & Software , a company he founded to commercialize GPR technology . He has been working on the development of GPR since the 1970s and was one of the lead researchers on the surface electrical properties experiment conducted on the Moon during the Apollo 17 mission .
Early life and education
Annan graduated from University of Toronto with a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in engineering science in 1968 and a Master of Science degree in geophysics in 1970 . In 1972 , Annan was one of the researchers on the surface electrical properties ( SEP ) experiment on the Apollo 17 mission to the Moon . SEP was the subject of Annan 's graduate school research and used radio waves to scan as far as a few kilometres below the surface of the Moon .
In 1974 , he earned his PhD in engineering science from Memorial University of Newfoundland . In his thesis , The Equivalent Source Method for Electromagnetic Scattering Analysis and Its Geophysical Application , Annan developed the PLATE program used in transient electromagnetics to mathematically model the electromagnetic response of finite thin conducting plates .
Career
After earning his PhD , Annan began working as a research scientist at the Geological Survey of Canada . He then served as chief geophysicist at Barringer Research and senior engineering geophysicist at Golder Associates . During this time , he developed methods for the use of radio frequency to measure soil water content . In 1981 , Annan founded A-Cubed to develop ground-penetrating radar ( GPR ) and airborne electromagnetic systems .
When the Waterloo Centre for Groundwater Research was founded at the University of Waterloo in 1987 , Annan joined the centre as a part-time researcher and adjunct professor . Annan commercialized GPR systems by later forming Sensors & Software , a supplier of equipment for underground or subsurface surveying . He serves as CEO of Sensors & Software based in Mississauga , Ontario .
Annan has been a member of Society of Exploration Geophysicists ( SEG ) since 1969 and has received the SEG 's Cecil Green Enterprise Award . At SEG , he served as chair of the Mining Committee , president of the Near-Surface Geophysics Section ( NSGS ) , which he founded , and as editor of NSGS 's newsletter Near Surface Views . In 1996 , SEG awarded him the Hal Mooney Award for “ scientific and technical excellence and innovation '' in near-surface geophysics . He also served as second vice-president , and director-at-large for SEG . Annan is also a member of the Canadian Exploration Geophysical Society and lectured about near-surface geophysics in the society 's KEGS Special Lecture program in 2015 .
Selected publications
References
External links
20th-century Canadian engineers
21st-century Canadian engineers
Engineers from Ontario
Canadian mining engineers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
The 1946 Coast Guard Bears football team was an American football team that represented the United States Coast Guard Academy as an independent during the 1946 college football season . In their first season under head coach Nelson Nitchman , the team compiled a 3–5 record and were outscored by a total of 220 to 112 .
The team played its home games in New London , Connecticut .
Schedule
References
Coast Guard
Coast Guard Bears football
Coast Guard football
Provincial Reconstruction Team Logar ( Czech : Provinční rekonstrukční tým Logar ) was a Provincial Reconstruction Team that was part of the International Security Assistance Force - an international military force in Afghanistan . PRT Logar was subordinated to ISAF Regional Command East , responsible for the eastern provinces of Afghanistan . Regional Command East with its HQ in Bagram was a U.S.-run Operational Command containing units from several other NATO and non-NATO countries . The task of PRT Logar was to help the Afghan government rebuild and further develop Logar province .
The PRT combined civilian experts from the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Czech Army military , whose role was to maintain a secure environment for reconstruction projects . The Czech PRT had proportionally one of the highest numbers of civilian experts in PRT .
The members of the civilian team included construction engines , development specialists and experts in areas such as agriculture , security , media or veterinary medicine . These specialists cooperated with the provincial government , councils of elders ( suras ) and other representatives of local communities to extend their capacities and , through a broad range of joint projects , to have a positive impact on the province both in mid and long-term .
History
PRT Logar was established on March 19 , 2008 , as a 26th Provincial Reconstruction Team deployed to Afghanistan . The PRT was located at U.S . Forward Operating Base Shank near capital of the Logar province , Pul-i-Alam . Area of responsibility was 3,800 km2 .
PRT Logar , as of July 2008 , was composed of 192 troops and 7 civilians . Troops were mostly members of 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion ( 1st Contingent ) with attachments from other units . In August 2008 , 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion was replaced by troops of the 7th Mechanized Brigade ( 2nd Contingent ) . As of August 2008 , PRT Logar was composed of 200 troops and 8 civilians . In March 2009 the troops of the 7th Mechanized Brigade were replaced by troops of the 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade ( 42nd Mechanized Battalion - 3rd Contingent , 41st Mechanized Battalion - 4th Contingent ) . As of March 2009 , the number of troops was increased to 275 and the number of civilians to 10 . As of February 2010 , the 7th Mechanized Brigade ( 72nd Mechanized Battalion - 5th Contingent / 5th Unit ) took over again and the number of personnel was further increased to 286 troops and 12 civilians . In August 2010 , the 7th Mechanized Brigade ( 71st Mechanized Battalion - 6th Unit ) was deployed and the number of personnel was set to 261 troops and 11 civilians . In February 2011 , the 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade ( 43rd Airborne Battalion - 7th Unit ) was deployed and the number of personnel was set to 293 troops and 11 civilians . In August 2011 they were relieved by 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion ( 8th Unit ) and the number of personnel was set to 292 troops and 12 civilians .
Principal Leaders
Civilian Part
Military Part
Casualties
Since March 2008 , one soldier of PRT Logar was killed and 17 were wounded by enemy action .
April 30 , 2008 , at 1550 , Private First Class ( rotný in Czech ; OR-3 ) Radim Vaculík , from the 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion , was killed in his M1151 Up-Armored HMMWV by Improvised Explosive Device ( IED ) composed of anti-tank mine . Four other soldiers were wounded ( one of them seriously , two moderately and one lightly ) in the same attack . PFC Radim Vaculík was posthumously promoted to Sergeant First Class ( praporčík in Czech ; OR-7 ) .
August 25 , 2008 one soldier from the Military Police Special Operations Group was moderately injured when a wheel of his vehicle was damaged and the vehicle overturned .
September 22 , 2008 , at 0200 , two Privates First Class were moderately wounded and one Corporal ( rotmistr in Czech ; OR-4 ) was lightly wounded by an Indirect Fire ( IDF ) attack on FOB Shank .
October 1 , 2008 , at 1220 , seven soldiers from 7th Mechanized Brigade were wounded ( one of them moderately and six lightly ) in an ambush , while trying to recover an M1151 Up-Armored HMMWV that got stuck in the wadi . All were hit by shrapnel from the RPG-7 .
November 18 , 2008 , at 0955 , three soldiers from 7th Mechanized Brigade , were lightly wounded in their M1151 Up-Armored HMMWV by Improvised Explosive Device ( IED ) .
April 17 , 2009 , shortly before 1400 , three soldiers from 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade , were wounded ( one of them seriously and two lightly ) in their M1151 Up-Armored HMMWV by Improvised Explosive Device ( IED ) .
April 5 , 2010 , one soldier from 43rd Airborne Battalion , 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade , on a foot patrol , was lightly wounded in the upper arm by a hand grenade shrapnel .
July 13 , 2011 , a Corporal from 43rd Airborne Battalion , 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade , on a foot patrol , was lightly wounded in the leg by enemy small arms fire .
September 7 , 2012 , a Corporal at FOB Shank was heavily wounded by shrapnel from enemy indirect fire .
Awards and decorations
Czech soldiers who deploy to Afghanistan ( for at least 30 consecutive days ) receive Medal of the Minister of Defense for Service Abroad - Afghanistan . Also , Czech soldiers are eligible for NATO Non-Article 5 Medals after 30 either continuous or accumulated days on deployment in Afghanistan .
See also
Afghanistan War order of battle
Counter-insurgency
International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF )
Logical line of operation
Military of Afghanistan
Provincial Reconstruction Team
External links
References
Military of the Czech Republic
Ad hoc units and formations
Logar
Katsuyuki Matsushima ( born 11 October 1966 ) is a Japanese boxer . He competed in the men 's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1966 births
Living people
Japanese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Japan
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Bantamweight boxers
A site plan or a plot plan is a type of drawing used by architects , landscape architects , urban planners , and engineers which shows existing and proposed conditions for a given area , typically a parcel of land which is to be modified . Sites plan typically show buildings , roads , sidewalks and paths/trails , parking , drainage facilities , sanitary sewer lines , water lines , lighting , and landscaping and garden elements .
Such a plan of a site is a `` graphic representation of the arrangement of buildings , parking , drives , landscaping and any other structure that is part of a development project '' .
A site plan is a `` set of construction drawings that a builder or contractor uses to make improvements to a property . Counties can use the site plan to verify that development codes are being met and as a historical resource . Site plans are often prepared by a design consultant who must be either a licensed engineer , architect , landscape architect or land surveyor '' .
Site plans include site analysis , building elements , and planning of various types including transportation and urban . An example of a site plan is the plan for Indianapolis by Alexander Ralston in 1821 .
The specific objects and relations shown are dependent on the purpose for creating the plot plan , but typically contain : retained and proposed buildings , landscape elements , above-ground features and obstructions , major infrastructure routes , and critical legal considerations such as property boundaries , setbacks , and rights of way…
Site plan topics
Site analysis
Site analysis is an inventory completed as a preparatory step to site planning , a form of urban planning which involves research , analysis , and synthesis . It primarily deals with basic data as it relates to a specific site . The topic itself branches into the boundaries of architecture , landscape architecture , engineering , economics , and urban planning . Site analysis is an element in site planning and design . Kevin A. Lynch , an urban planner developed an eight cycle step process of site design , in which the second step is site analysis , the focus of this section .
When analyzing a potential site for development , the status quo of the site should be analyzed and mapped . This includes but is not limited to :
The location of the plot
Topography , including information about slope , soils , hydrology , vegetation , orientation
Existing buildings
Roads and traffic
Public facilities and utilities , including water , sewer , and power lines
Related laws , regulation , codes , and policies
By determining areas that are poor for development ( such as floodplains or steep slopes ) and better for development , the planner or architect can determine the optimal location for different functions or structures and create a design that works within the space .
Site plan building blocks
A site plan is a top view , bird 's eye view of a property that is drawn to scale . A site plan can show :
property lines
outline of existing and proposed buildings and structures
distance between buildings
distance between buildings and property lines ( setbacks )
parking lots , indicating parking spaces
driveways
surrounding streets
landscaped areas
easements
ground sign location
utilities
Site planning
Site planning in landscape architecture and architecture refers to the organizational stage of the landscape design process . It involves the organization of land use zoning , access , circulation , privacy , security , shelter , land drainage , and other factors . Site planning includes the arrangement of buildings , roadways , utilities , landscape elements , topography , water features , and vegetation to achieve the desired site .
In urban planning , site planning is done by city planners to develop a clear plan/design of what the city planners want for a community . For example , in a participatory planning process , community members would make claims of renovations and improvements that need to be done in their community . Then the community developers will come up with a way to meet the community members ' demand , which is done by creating a site plan . With a limited budget , planners have to be smart and creative about their designs . Planners must take into consideration not only heights of buildings , traffic flows , open spaces , parking for cars/bikes , but also the project 's potential impact to the stakeholders involved . All these actions of creating a site plan is referred to as site planning .
Transportation planning
Transportation planning is the field involved with the siting of transportation facilities ( generally streets , highways , sidewalks , bike lanes and public transport lines ) . Transportation planning historically has followed the rational planning model of defining goals and objectives , identifying problems , generating alternatives , evaluating alternatives , and developing the plan . Other models for planning include rational actor , satisficing , incremental planning , organizational process , and political bargaining . However , planners are increasingly expected to adopt a multi-disciplinary approach , especially due to the rising importance of environmentalism . For example , the use of behavioral psychology to persuade drivers to abandon their automobiles and use public transport instead . The role of the transport planner is shifting from technical analysis to promoting sustainability through integrated transport policies .
Urban planning
Urban , city , and town planning explores a very wide range of aspects of the built and social environments of places . Regional planning deals with a still larger environment , at a less detailed level . Based upon the origins of urban planning from the Roman ( pre-Dark Ages ) era , the current discipline revisits the synergy of the disciplines of urban planning , architecture and landscape architecture .
Examples
See also
Plan ( drawing )
Archaeological plan
Floor plan
Technical drawing
Architectural drawing
Engineering drawing
Landscape design
Site Waste Management Plans Regulations 2008
References
External links
SCHWARZPLAN.eu - Download archive for site plans based on data by OpenStreetMap.org
Architectural communication
Landscape architecture
Technical drawing
ru : Проект планировки территории
