The 2004 BellSouth Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Viña del Mar , Chile and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour . It was the eleventh edition of the tournament and ran from February 9 through February 15 , 2004 . Fifth-seeded Fernando González won the singles title .
Finals
Singles
Fernando González defeated Gustavo Kuerten 7–5 , 6–4
It was González 's 1st singles title of the year and the 4th of his career .
Doubles
Juan Ignacio Chela / Gastón Gaudio defeated Nicolás Lapentti / Martín Rodríguez 7–6 ( 7–2 ) , 7–6 ( 7–3 )
It was Chela 's 1st title of the year and the 3rd of his career . It was Gaudio 's 1st title of the year and the 3rd of his career .
References
External links
Official website
ATP tournament profile
BellSouth Open
Chile Open ( tennis )
BellSouth Open
it : Movistar Open 2004
sk : Movistar Open 2004
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1686 .
Events
January – John Dryden is recorded as having converted to Roman Catholicism .
New books
Prose
Pierre Bayle – Philosophical Commentary ( on religious freedom )
Bernard de Fontenelle
Entretiens sur la pluralité des mondes ( Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds )
L'Histoire des oracles
Gottfried Leibniz
Brevis Demonstratio Erroris Memorabilis Cartesii et Aliorum Circa Legem Naturae ( A Brief Demonstration of the Memorable Error of Descartes and Others About the Law of Nature )
Discours de Métaphysique
Ihara Saikaku ( 井原 西鶴 )
Twenty Cases of Unfilial Children ( 本朝二十不孝 Honchō Nijū Fukō )
The Life of an Amorous Woman ( 好色一代女 Kōshoku Ichidai Onna )
Thomas Sydenham – Schedula monitoria de novae febris ingressu ( Schedule of Symptoms of Newly Arrived Fever )
Children
John Bunyan – A Book for Boys and Girls , or , Country Rhymes for Children
Drama
Aphra Behn and John Blow – The Lucky Chance
Thomas d'Urfey – The Banditti
Thomas Jevon – The Devil of a Wife
Poetry
Anne Killigrew ( posthumously ) – Poems
Births
January 17 – Archibald Bower , Scottish historian ( died 1766 )
August 12 – John Balguy , English philosopher ( died 1748 )
September 5 – Antoine Touron , French historian and biographer ( died 1775 )
unknown date – Alban Thomas , Welsh physician and antiquarian ( died 1771 )
Deaths
January 31 – Jean Mairet , French dramatist ( born 1604 )
February 6 – Dorothy White , English Quaker pamphleteer ( born c. 1630 )
February 10 – William Dugdale , English antiquary and herald ( born 1605 )
February 25 – Abraham Calovius , German Lutheran theologian ( born 1612 )
June 23 – Sir William Coventry , English statesman and author ( born c. 1628 )
July 10 – John Fell , English academic and bishop ( born 1625 )
August 13 – Louis Maimbourg , French Jesuit historian ( born 1610 )
November 25 – Nicolas Steno ( Niels Steenson ) , Danish scientist ( born 1638 )
November 28 – Nicolas Letourneux , French religious writer ( born 1640 )
December 6 – Nicola Avancini , Italian Jesuit writer ( born 1612 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
is a Japanese manga artist . Nihei has been drawing comics professionally since the mid-1990s . In 1995 he was awarded the Jiro Taniguchi Special Prize in that year 's Afternoon Four Seasons Award for his submission , Blame . After working as an assistant to veteran comic artist Tsutomu Takahashi , Nihei went on to launch his debut series Blame ! in Monthly Afternoon in 1997 . Following the success of Blame ! , he next penned Wolverine : Snikt ! ( published by Marvel Comics ) and Biomega . In 2009 , Nihei returned to Afternoon to launch what would become his most successful series , Knights of Sidonia . An architectural student , Nihei 's early work were mainly wordless , relying on visuals and backgrounds to tell their stories . His cyberpunk-influenced artwork has gained a strong cult following worldwide .
Career
Nihei worked in construction but quit to work on becoming a manga artist . He went to New York and studied at the Parsons School of Design . His experience in construction and design has shown up in his manga in his depiction of huge structures which are a strong theme in his manga works .
Nihei has several sources of inspiration , including Manga , American comics and Bandes dessinées . Japanese comics that strongly influenced him include Akira , Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind and Ghost in the Shell . He was also enormously inspired by Swiss artist H. R. Giger , best known for his airbrush images of humans and machines connected in cold biomechanical relationships . Other sources of inspirations include Hard science fiction novels , Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner , French artist Moebius and Clive Barker of Hellraiser fame . Nihei is also a big video games fan , and mentioned Metroid and the Halo franchise among his favorites . In the mid-2000s , during a trip to the United States , he met the Halo design team , who directly offered him to participate in the Halo Graphic Novel project when they found out that he was a huge fan of the game .
Nihei was a special guest of San Diego Comic-Con International in July 2016 . He also received an Inkpot Award from Comic-Con International , the organization that runs San Diego Comic-Con and WonderCon . Given to creators for “ contributions to the worlds of comics , science fiction/fantasy , film , television , animation , and fandom services , ” the Inkpot Award is an honor that Nihei now shares with other comics , film , and sci-fi legends such as Osamu Tezuka , Moebius , and Ray Bradbury .
Works
Serialized works
Blame ! – Nihei 's first work , detailing the adventures of Killy/Kiri as he searches through a massive city for a human with special genes that could save the world . Originally published in Afternoon , it also gained a 6 episode ONA . Movie released 19 May 2017 .
NOiSE – A prequel to Blame ! , in which a police officer investigates the murder of a gang . Originally publishing in Afternoon .
Abara – Published in Ultra Jump , Abara follows Denji Kudou , a man able to transform into a Gauna – a creature with bone-like armor and weaponry .
Biomega – Zouichi Kanoe and the AI in his motorbike set out to find humans resistant to N5S , a virus that turns people into zombie-like `` Drones '' . Originally appeared in Young Magazine .
Knights of Sidonia – An original story set in the far future about a human colony ship 's war against an elusive alien race known as the `` Gauna '' . It was published in Afternoon and is the first of Nihei 's works to be adapted into a TV series . In 2015 , Knights of Sidonia won the `` General '' category of the prestigious Kodansha Manga Award .
Aposimz – Also known as Ningyō no Kuni ( , lit . `` Country of Dolls '' ) . Set on an artificial planet where people on the surface face harsh conditions such as extreme cold and `` Frame Disease , '' which slowly transforms people into biomechanical creatures , while people in the core live in luxury . It is licensed by Kodansha Comics , which releases chapters digitally , and Vertical Comics , which releases print volumes .
Kaina of the Great Snow Sea - A `` boy-meets-girl high fantasy '' set in a world where land is being swallowed by the encroaching Great Snow Sea . Manga written by Nihei with art by Itoe Takemoto has been serialized in Kodansha 's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Sirius since February 2022 , adapting an anime headed by Nihei to debut in January 2023 .
One-shots and additional works
Abba / Parcel – A short one-shot about a man looking for his brother .
Blame – A one-shot prototype for Blame ! , collected in NOiSE .
Blame ! ² – A full color , 16 page one-shot published in Kodansha 's Mandala Vol.2 , following up on the story of Blame ! with one of Pcell 's future incarnations .
Blame ! Academy – A comedy featuring the characters from Blame ! as students in a school . Published infrequently .
BLAME ! Fortress of Silicon Creatures - A full colour 14 page one-shot as an extra for the movie , it came with the Japanese limited edition Blu-ray set .
BLAME ! Movie Edition : The Electrofishers ' Escape - A one-shot manga adaptation of the 2017 Netflix film .
Dead Heads – First issue of a cancelled horror manga series ; collected , as thumbnails , in Blame ! and So on .
Digimortal – A two-part one-shot about a mercenary hired to assassinate a leader of a new Inquisition . Originally appeared in Ultra Jump , published in Vol.2 of Abara .
Halo : Breaking Quarantine – Set in the Halo universe , the untold story of Sergeant Avery J. Johnson and his escape from the bowels of Halo and the Flood .
Negative Corridor – A short one-shot , collected in NOiSE .
Ningyō no Kuni – A short one-shot set on a frozen planet about an encounter between a young man and a mechanical being .
Knights of Sidonia : The Fourth Gauna Defense War - One-shot spin-off from Knights of Sidonia .
Knights of Sidonia - Tsumugi , is addicted to `` Blam ! `` , 2015 Blu-ray booklet and in ( Blame ! Gakuen ! and so on ... Japanese master edition )
NSE : Net Sphere Engineer – A one-shot sequel to Blame ! , about the Net Sphere .
Numa no Kami – A short one-shot about a man encountering a lake Goddess .
Pump – A short one-shot about the last Humans reproduction process .
Sabrina – A short one-shot about a man coming across a girl whose arm is stuck in a hole . Appeared in vol . 1 Akai Kiba Doujinshi anthology .
Idaho - A one-shot published in volume 2 of Akai Kiba doujinshi anthology .
( no title ) - A 3 page unfinished gundam story from Gundam Ace from 2011
Wolverine : Snikt ! – A 5 issue limited series of the X-Men character Wolverine . Originally published by Marvel Comics .
Winged Armor Suzumega / Sphingidae – A short one-shot about a battle between alien beings .
Zeb-Noid – A short one-shot about a hostile encounter between two different species that takes an unexpected turn .
Artbooks
Bitch 's Life – An erotic illustrations book , featuring contributions from over twenty manga artists ; four of which come from Nihei .
Blame ! and So On – Published in 2003 , Blame ! and So On contains artwork and sketches for Blame ! , Noise , and Wolverine : Snikt ! , amongst others ; it also contains the illustrations Nihei provided for Bitch 's Life and the aborted Dead Heads as thumbnails .
Megalomania - ( STUDIO VOICE、Published in 2000、INFASパブリケーションズ）Collection of artworks by Tsutomu Nihei depicting large scale megastructures .
Accolades
References
External links
TOA Heavy Industries , LLP .
Tsutomu Nihei sites on alphabet and year
1971 births
Living people
Manga artists
Manga artists from Fukushima Prefecture
People from Kōriyama
The Advanced Turbine Engine Company ( ATEC ) is an American aerospace joint venture created in 2006 . A project of Honeywell International Inc. and Pratt & Whitney , ATEC was formed to compete for a government contract to create a 3,000 shaft horsepower engine to replace the existing 2,000 shaft horsepower T700 engine powering the U.S. Army 's Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk and Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters .
ATEC participated in the Army 's Advanced Affordable Turbine Engine science and technology program and completed multiple tests of its ATEC T900 engine . It is furthering the engine 's development through the Army 's competitive Improved Turbine Engine Program , which calls for a new helicopter engine with 50 percent more power and 25 percent better fuel efficiency . The company opened its Huntsville , Alabama , office in November 2014 .
History
Honeywell International Inc. and United Technologies Corporation subsidiary Pratt & Whitney created the Advanced Turbine Engine Company in 2006 . The company is led by Craig Madden , president , and Jerry Wheeler , vice president , programs . At the 2007 Paris Air Show , the fifty-fifty joint venture said it would participate in the U.S. Army 's Advanced Affordable Turbine Engine ( AATE ) program . In May 2008 , the Army awarded a $ 108 million contract to ATEC for the science and technology initiative to replace the current T700 engine . Through the project , the Army seeks to increase the power and efficiency of engines for Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk and Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters , to keep the helicopters in the fleet for an additional 30 years or more . ATEC is competing against GE Aviation to develop the new engine .
Parent company facilities in Connecticut and Arizona hosted the early development of ATEC 's HPW3000 engine . ATEC conducted tests of the HPW3000 in 2013 and 2014 , including a sand ingestion demonstration . As of May 2015 , ATEC is preparing to move into the Army 's next phase of helicopter engine development , the Improved Turbine Engine Program ( ITEP ) , following the AATE program . Maj. Gen. Michael Lundy , who commanded the Army Aviation Center of Excellence , and Heidi Shyu , the Army 's assistant secretary for acquisition , called ITEP the Army 's top aviation modernization priority . The National Defense Authorization Act funded ITEP at $ 126 million for Fiscal Year 2017 .
In November 2014 , ATEC moved to the Cummings Research Park in Huntsville , Alabama . The Huntsville Times reported that city officials lobbied for three years to get ATEC to locate there . Originally , Wheeler said four or five management and business development workers would work out of the new office , in addition to visiting engineers and logistics professionals .
Products
ATEC T900
References
External links
Aircraft engine manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Huntsville , Alabama
United Technologies
2006 establishments in the United States
Arthur Murray Cha Cha Mambos is an album released by Billy May in 1955 on Capitol LP record T578 and 45rpm EP sets EAP-578 and ECF-578 .
Background
This album was one of a series of records released in conjunction by Capitol Records and Arthur Murray Studios featuring various dance rhythms performed by top orchestras and bands of the mid-1950s . It features songs commonly associated with Latin America , as well as a couple of pop standards and several Billy May original compositions .
Reception
In its review in 1955 , Billboard Magazine gave the album a rating of 77 , noting the recording was infused with warmth and humor . Although inherently marketed to dancers ( included in the album was a coupon redeemable for two Arthur Murray studio lessons ) , the reviewer noted that it is a listenable collection for non-dancers as well .
Track listing
`` Frenesi '' ( Alberto Dominguez )
`` Ai n't She Sweet '' ( Milton Ager , Jack Yellen )
`` The Cha Cha Cha '' ( Billy May , Bill Olofson )
`` Adios '' ( Enric Madriguera )
`` Mañana '' ( Dave Barbour , Peggy Lee )
`` Cha Cha Bamer '' ( May )
`` Undecided '' ( Charlie Shavers , Sid Robin )
`` Ya Ya Ya Cha Cha Cha '' ( May )
`` The Peanut Vendor '' ( Moisés Simons )
`` Culiacan '' ( May )
`` Mama Inez '' ( Eliseo Grenet , L. Wolfe Gilbert )
`` Taboo '' ( Margarita Lecuona )
References
1955 albums
Albums arranged by Billy May
Billy May albums
Capitol Records albums
Instrumental albums
Latin jazz albums by American artists
Breathitt County ( ) is a county in the eastern Appalachian portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 United States Census , the population was 13,878 . Its county seat is Jackson . The county was formed in 1839 and was named for John Breathitt , who was Governor of Kentucky from 1832 to 1834 . Breathitt County was a prohibition or dry county , until a public vote in July 2016 that allowed alcohol sales .
History
The area now encompassed by Kentucky 's Breathitt County was first bounded in 1772 , when all of what is now the state of Kentucky was in the frontier county of Fincastle County , Virginia . Fincastle was divided in 1776 , with the western portion named Kentucky County , Virginia . In 1780 , Virginia set aside all land in Kentucky County for soldiers who had served in the Revolutionary War . In 1780 , Kentucky County was divided into 3 counties , Jefferson , Fayette , and Lincoln . Lincoln County was divided in 1799 , with part becoming Knox County . In 1807 , the Legislature partitioned the upper part of Knox to create Clay County . On February 6 , 1839 , a portion of Clay ( along with portions of Estill and Perry Counties ) was partitioned off to create Breathitt County . It was named for Governor John Breathitt .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
The North and Middle Forks of the Kentucky River pass through the county as the main water drainages .
Adjacent counties
Wolfe County - northwest
Magoffin County - northeast
Knott County - east
Perry County - southeast
Owsley County - southwest
Lee County - west
Demographics
As of the 2000 United States Census , there were 16,100 people , 6,170 households , and 4,541 families in the county . The population density was . There were 6,812 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.69 % White , 0.39 % Black or African American , 0.09 % Native American , 0.29 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.08 % from other races , and 0.43 % from two or more races . 0.66 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,170 households , out of which 34.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.00 % were married couples living together , 14.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.40 % were non-families . 23.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00 .
The county population contained 25.50 % under the age of 18 , 10.00 % from 18 to 24 , 28.90 % from 25 to 44 , 24.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 97.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.70 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 19,155 , and the median income for a family was $ 23,721 . Males had a median income of $ 26,208 versus $ 20,613 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 11,044 . About 28.10 % of families and 33.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 42.90 % of those under age 18 and 26.80 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Economy
Coal companies
Arch Coal
US Coal
Education
Jackson Independent Schools
Jackson Independent Schools is a school district that educates students inside and outside the city limits of Jackson , Kentucky .
Jackson City School – a single K-12 facility .
Breathitt County Schools
Breathitt County Schools is another school district with an array of schools within the city limits of Jackson , Kentucky and throughout the county .
Sebastian Elementary School – Jackson , Kentucky ( Opened 1970 )
Highland-Turner Elementary School – Canoe , Kentucky ( Opened 1992 )
Rousseau Elementary School ( Closed 2013 ) – Rousseau , Kentucky
Marie Roberts-Caney Elementary School – Lost Creek , Kentucky ( Expanded School Opened 1996 )
Breathitt County High School – Jackson , Kentucky ( New School Opened 1982 )
Private schools
Mount Carmel School – Vancleve , Kentucky
Oakdale Christian Academy – Jackson , Kentucky
Riverside Christian School – Lost Creek , Kentucky
Higher education
Lees College Campus of Hazard Community and Technical College ( part of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System ) – Jackson , Kentucky
Kentucky Mountain Bible College – Vancleve , Kentucky
Breathitt Area Technology Center
The Breathitt Area Technology Center serves both the Jackson Independent and the Breathitt County school districts . It is located in Jackson on the campus of Breathitt County High School . The school is operated by the state of Kentucky . While most of the funding comes from the state , much of the equipment is purchased with federal Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act funds , which are aimed at advancing technical education .
The school is focused on technical education , offering these technical programs :
Automotive Technology
Construction Technology
Electrical Technology
Health Sciences
Office Technology
UK Robinson Station
The community of Quicksand is the location for the University of Kentucky Robinson Station . This agriculture research facility is a pivotal asset in Breathitt County , furthering the scientific studies in the areas of agriculture and forestry .
Health care
Breathitt County Family Health Center , Jackson , Kentucky
Breathitt County health care providers were featured in a November 23 , 2013 article in The Washington Post : `` In Rural Kentucky , Health-Care Takes Back Seat as the Long-Uninsured Line Up '' . As of 2014 the county had the highest morbidity rate in the state of Kentucky .
Communities
Altro
Bays
Caney
Canoe
Chenowee
Clayhole
Cockrell Fork ( online between Breathitt and Perry Counties )
Crockettsville
Elkatawa
Evanston
Fishtrap
Flintville
Frozen/Frozen Creek
Fugates Fork
Haddix
Hardshell Caney
Hayes Branch
Jackson ( county seat )
Leatherwood
Lost Creek
Morris Fork
Ned
Nix Branch
Noble
Noctor
Oakdale
Portsmouth
Quicksand
River Caney
Riverside
Rose Branch
Rousseau
Rowdy
Saldee
Sebastians Branch
Shoulder Blade/Shoulderblade
Smith Branch
South Fork
Stevenson
Troublesome Creek
Turners Creek
Vancleve
War Creek
Watts
Whick
Wilstacy
Wolf Coal
Notable people
Kim Davis , the Rowan County clerk known for her refusal to comply with a federal court order directing her to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , was born in Breathitt County .
Jeffrey Reddick , writer for the Final Destination franchise , was born in Jackson .
Sturgill Simpson , country music artist/singer was born in Jackson , the county seat of Breathitt County and spent much of his childhood there .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Breathitt County , Kentucky
Robinson Forest
References
Further reading
T.R.C . Hutton , Bloody Breathitt : Politics and Violence in the Appalachian South . Lexington , KY : University Press of Kentucky , 2013 .
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
The Breathitt County Museum – Provides a wealth of information on the rich history of Breathitt County .
UK Robinson Station
http : //www.breathittcounty.com – hundreds of photos and articles about Breathitt County
Breathitt County Public Schools
Breathitt Area Technology Center
Breathitt County History & Ancestry
1839 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1839
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
María Carrillo Moreno ( 14 October 1919 - 31 July 2009 ) better known as Mary Carrillo was a Spanish actress . She appeared in more than fifty films from 1937 to 2002 .
Selected filmography
References
External links
1919 births
2009 deaths
Spanish film actresses
20th-century Spanish actresses
Douglas Arthur Joseph Latchford ( 15 October 1931 – 2 August 2020 ) was a British art dealer and smuggler .
Biography
Latchford was born on 15 October 1931 in Mumbai , India , which was at the time under the British Raj . He was educated at Brighton College in England before returning to India shortly before Independence .
Latchford initially worked in the pharmaceutical industry in Mumbai . He moved to Bangkok in 1956 , and in 1963 established a drug distribution company . Latchford also invested profitably in Thailand land development and became a Thai citizen in 1968 . He was briefly married to a Thai woman and took a Thai name , Pakpong Kriangsak .
A long-time devotee of the sport of bodybuilding , Latchford became a patron of the sport in Thailand and was the honorary president of the Thai Bodybuilding Association from 2016 until his death .
Antiquities trade
A controversial figure , Latchford was best known as a collector of Cambodian antiquities . According to his obituary in The New York Times , Latchford was `` a cultured accumulator of museum-quality Khmer sculptures and jewels '' , whilst The Diplomat reported that , due to his leading position in the illegal antiquities trade of the Khmer Rouge , `` no single figure looms as large over a nation 's wholesale pillage . '' Nonetheless , the Cambodian government awarded Latchford a Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Monisaraphon in 2008 . He co-authored three books on Khmer antiquities with academic Emma Bunker .
In the 1970s , Latchford became one of the leading suppliers of Cambodian art , selling to museums and private collections in Europe and North America , including the Metropolitan . He kept the best pieces for himself and his personal collection is rumored to rival that of the National Museum of Cambodia . When his daughter inherited the collection and donated it in full to Cambodia , it contained 125 pieces and was valued at $ 50m . Latchford liked to see himself as saving works of art that had been abandoned and were at risk during Cambodia 's turbulent civil wars , although this viewpoint was contrasted by academics who alleged that several of Latchford 's antiquities lacked a clear provenance . Latchford denied any wrongdoing , and gathered his collection long before legislation barring Latchford 's practice of buying directly from farmers and dealers in Thailand . He also insisted that if the antiquities were not removed from Cambodia , “ they would likely have been shot up for target practice by the Khmer Rouge. ” In November 2019 , Latchford , by then comatose , was charged by prosecutors in New York with falsifying the provenance of Khmer works of art , but the case ended with his death .
In October 2021 , a large investigation by media from the UK , USA , and Australia , working with the ICIJ , explored the prevalence of artworks that Latchford had traded to public museums and galleries . The media consortium focused on the books published by Latchford , sale records , museum records , and corporate documents from trust structures established by Latchford for inheritance purposes to identify 27 pieces linked to Latchford in prominent collections . It highlighted at least a dozen works of art linked to Latchford held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art , and another fifteen relics among the Denver Art Museum , the British Museum , Cleveland Museum of Art , and the National Gallery of Australia . The reporting also investigated donations and sales by collectors and dealers associated with Latchford , identifying works of art in , amongst others , the Brooklyn Museum , Asian Art Museum , National Gallery of Australia , and Art Gallery of NSW . Many of the museums and galleries responded to the journalists and provided statements in relation to the allegations , although none made any commitment to return works associated with Latchford . The National Gallery of Australia claimed that a piece tied to Latchford was the subject of a live investigation , whilst the Los Angeles County Museum of Art refused to engage with the journalists . In November 2021 , after rising pressure from the United States federal government , the Denver Art Museum agreed to voluntarily repatriate four Cambodian antiquities in their possession , which included three Khmer sandstone sculptures dating back to the 7th and 12th centuries , respectively , and an Iron Age Dong Son bronze bell .
Repatriation of collection
Two years before Latchford 's death , his daughter Nawapan Kriangsak had initiated discussions to return the whole collection , valued at over $ 50m , to be exhibited at the National Museum of Cambodia as the Latchford Collection . The transfer of ownership was completed on 18 September 2020 : however , progress in returning the collection stalled following the release of the Pandora Papers , which revealed that the family had attempted to avoid paying UK Inheritance Tax .
Selected publications
Adoration and Glory : The Golden Age of Khmer Art ( 2003 )
Khmer Gold Gifts for the Gods ( 2008 )
Khmer Bronzes : New Interpretations of the Past ( 2011 )
References
Antiques dealers
British non-fiction writers
1930s births
2020 deaths
English smugglers
Members of the Royal Order of Monisaraphon
Special Delivery ( ) is a 2022 South Korean crime action film , written and directed by Park Dae-min for M Pictures . Starring Park So-dam , Song Sae-byeok and Kim Eui-sung , the film revolves around a delivery driver ( Park So-dam ) with a 100 % success rate , things start happening when she is involved in an unexpected incident after a young child ( Jung Hyeon-jun ) boards into her car . It was theatrical released on January 12 , 2022 .
The film was officially invited in Harbour section at the 51st International Film Festival Rotterdam held from January 26 to February 6 , 2022 . On box office , it earned a gross of US $ 3.46 million and garnered 439,177 admissions .
Cast
Park So-dam as Eun-ha , a delivery driver
Song Sae-byeok as Kyung-pil , a man chasing after Eun-ha .
Kim Eui-sung as Baek Sa-jang , president Baekgang Industries , a special delivery company
Jung Hyeon-jun as Seo-won , special cargo
Yeon Woo-jin as Doo-shik , a special client , father of 'Seo-won '
Yeom Hye-ran as Mi-Young , pursuer of Eun-ha from the National Intelligence Service
Han Hyun-min as Asif , express vehicle repair expert
Oh-ryung
Heo Dong-won
Jun Suk-Ho
Special appearance
Yoo Seung-ho
Production
Production began on May 29 , 2019 with Park So-dam , Song Sae-byeok , Kim Eui-sung and Jung Hyeon-jun confirmed as cast . Park Dae-min was confirmed as director of the crime action film . Park So-dam and Jung Hyeon-jun are working together after 2019 film Parasite . Yeon Woo-jin , Yeom Hye-ran and Han Hyun-min joined the cast in supporting roles . Principal photography began on May 29 , 2019 for this chase film . Script reading photos were revealed on June 4 .
Music
Original soundtrack of the film was released on January 5 , 2022 . This is third venture of music director Hwang Sang-joon , for director Park Dae-min after Private Eye ( 2009 ) and Seondal : The Man Who Sells the River ( 2016 ) . The music has been appreciated by the audience who watched the preview .
Original soundtrack
Release
The film was scheduled for theatrical release on January 5 , 2022 , but the date was pushed to a week later to January 12 . The film was officially invited in the Harbour section at the 51st International Film Festival Rotterdam , which was held from January 26 to February 6 , 2022 , and in the competition section at the 24th Udine Far East Film Festival held from April 22 to April 30 , 2022 . Additionally , it was pre-sold to 47 countries around the world . After its release on January 12 in South Korea , it released in Hong Kong , Singapore and Mongolia on 13 and 14 January , and in Indonesia and Taiwan on 19 and 28 January respectively . It was also invited to the 26th Fantasia International Film Festival and was screened for its North American premiere on July 14 , 2022 .
The film entered the thriller competition section of the 40th Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival and was screened for Belgian premiere on September 6 , 2022 .
Home media
The film was made available for streaming on IPTV ( Olleh TV , B TV , LG U+ TV ) , Home Choice , TVING , Naver TV , WAVVE , Google Play , KT skylife , Cinefox and KakaoPage from February 4 , 2022 .
Reception
Box office
The film was released on 995 screens on January 12 , 2021 . As per Korean Film Council ( Kofic ) integrated computer network , the film with 233,462 admissions ranked no . 2 on the Korean box office on opening weekend .
, it grossed US $ 3.25 million along with 443,177 admissions .
Critical response
Baek Seung-chan of Kyunghyang Shinmun appreciated the performances of Park So-dam and Song Sae-byeok . Comparing the film with the American films Baby Driver ( 2017 ) and Drive ( 2011 ) , Baek stated that the film is fun , and `` the scene design that takes advantage of the cultural characteristics of Korea is interesting '' . However he was critical of the way the film treated children . Concluding he wrote , `` Special Delivery easily utilizes the plight of the socially disadvantaged and children as a combination suitable for genre films . ''
Accolades
References
External links
Special Delivery on KOFIC ( in Korean )
2022 films
2020s South Korean films
2020s Korean-language films
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
South Korean chase films
South Korean crime action films
Films about the National Intelligence Service ( South Korea )
Films about police corruption
Films set in Busan
Films set in Gyeonggi Province
Films set in Seoul
Next Entertainment World films
Films about North Korean defectors
2022 crime action films
Sclerodoris rubicund is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae .
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1949
According to Melanesian and Polynesian mythology , mana is the spiritual life force energy or healing power that permeates the universe . Anyone or anything can have mana . They believed it to be a cultivation or possession of energy and power , rather than being a source of power . It is an intentional force .
In the 19th century , scholars compared mana to similar concepts such as the orenda of the Iroquois Indians and theorized that mana was a universal phenomenon that explained the origin of religions .
Mana is not universal to all of Melanesia .
Etymology
The reconstructed Proto-Oceanic word `` mana '' is thought to have referred to `` powerful forces of nature such as thunder and storm winds '' rather than supernatural power . That meaning became detached as the Oceanic-speaking peoples spread eastward and the word started to refer to unseen supernatural powers .
Polynesian culture
Mana is a foundation of Polynesian theology , a spiritual quality with a supernatural origin and a sacred , impersonal force . To have mana implies influence , authority , and efficacy : the ability to perform in a given situation . The quality of mana is not limited to individuals ; peoples , governments , places and inanimate objects may also possess mana , and its possessors are accorded respect . Mana protects its protector and they depend on each other for growth both positive and negative . It depends on the person where he takes his mana .
Hawaiian and Tahitian culture
In Hawaiian and Tahitian mythology , mana is a spiritual energy and healing power which can exist in places , objects and persons . Hawaiians believe that mana may be gained or lost by actions , and Hawaiians and Tahitians believe that mana is both external and internal . Sites on the Hawaiian Islands and in French Polynesia are believed to possess mana—for example , the top rim of the Haleakalā volcano on the island of Maui and the Taputapuatea marae on the island of Raiatea in the Society Islands .
Ancient Hawaiians also believed that the island of Molokaʻi possessed mana , compared with its neighboring islands . Before the unification of the Kingdom of Hawaii by King Kamehameha I , battles were fought for possession of the island and its south-shore fish ponds which existed until the late 19th century .
A person may gain mana by pono ( right actions ) . In ancient Hawaii , there were two paths to mana : sexual means or violence . In at least this tradition , nature is seen as dualistic , and everything has a counterpart . A balance between the gods Kū and Lono formed , through whom are the two paths to mana ( ʻimihaku , or the search for mana ) . Kū , the god of war and politics , offers mana through violence ; this was how Kamehameha gained his mana . Lono , the god of peace and fertility , offers mana through sexuality .
Prayers were believed to have mana , which was sent to the akua at the end when the priest usually said `` amama ua noa , '' meaning `` the prayer is now free or flown . ''
Māori ( New Zealand ) culture
Māori use
In Māori , a tribe with mana whenua must have demonstrated their authority over a territory . In Maori mythology , there are two essential aspects of a person 's mana : mana tangata , authority derived from whakapapa ( genealogy ) and mana huaanga , defined as `` authority derived from having a wealth of resources to gift to others to bind them into reciprocal obligations '' . Hemopereki Simon , from Ngāti Tūwharetoa , asserts that there are many forms of mana in Maori beliefs . The indigenous word reflects a non-Western view of reality , complicating translation . This is confirmed by the definition of mana provided by Maori Marsden who states that mana is : Spiritual power and authority as opposed to the purely psychic and natural force — ihi.According to Margaret Mutu , mana in its traditional sense means : Power , authority , ownership , status , influence , dignity , respect derived from the atua.In terms of leadership , Ngāti Kahungunu legal scholar Dr. Carwyn Jones comments : `` Mana is the central concept that underlies Māori leadership and accountability . '' He also considers mana as a fundamental aspect of the constitutional traditions of Māori society .
According to the New Zealand Ministry of Justice :
General English usage
In contemporary New Zealand English , the word `` mana '' refers to a person or organization of people of great personal prestige and character . The increased use of the term mana in New Zealand society is the result of the politicization of Māori issues stemming from the Māori Renaissance .
Academic study
Missionary Robert Henry Codrington traveled widely in Melanesia , publishing several studies of its language and culture . His 1891 book The Melanesians : Studies in their Anthropology and Folk-Lore contains the first detailed description of mana in English . Codrington defines it as `` a force altogether distinct from physical power , which acts in all kinds of ways for good and evil , and which it is of the greatest advantage to possess or control '' .
His era had already defined animism , the concept that the energy ( or life ) in an object derives from a spiritual component . Georg Ernst Stahl 's 18th-century animism was adopted by Edward Burnett Tylor , the founder of cultural anthropology , who presented his initial ideas about the history of religion in his 1865 Researches into the Early History of Mankind and developed them in volumes one ( 1871 ) and two ( 1874 ) of Primitive Culture .
Tylor 's cultural evolution
In Tylor 's cultural anthropology , other primates did not appear to possess culture .
Tylor did not try to find evidence of a non-cultural human state because he considered it unreachable , `` a condition not far removed from that of the lower animals '' and `` savage life as in some sort representing an early known state . '' He described such a hypothetical state as `` the human savage naked in both mind and body , and destitute of laws , or arts , or ideas , and almost of language '' . According to Tylor , speculation about an acultural state is impossible . Using the method of comparative culture , similar to comparative anatomy and the comparative method of historical linguistics and following John Lubbock , he drew up a dual classification of cultural traits ( memes and memeplexes ) . His categories were `` savage '' and `` civilised '' . Tylor wrote , `` From an ideal point of view , civilization may be looked upon as the general improvement of mankind by higher organization of the individual and of society ... `` and identified his model with the `` progression-theory of civilization '' .
Evolution of religion
Tylor cited a `` minimum definition '' of religion as `` the belief in Spiritual Beings '' . Noting that no savage societies lack religion and that the initial state of a religious man is beyond reach , he enumerated two stages in the evolution of religion : a simple belief in individual animae ( or Doctrine of Souls ) and the elaboration of dogma . The dogmas are systems of higher spirits commanding phases of nature . In volume two of Primitive Culture , Tylor called this stage the Doctrine of Spirits . He used the word `` animism '' in two different senses . The first is religion itself : a belief in the spiritual as an effective energy , shared by every specific religion . In his progression theory , an undogmatic version preceded rational theological systems . Animism is the simple Theory of the Soul , which comparative religion attempts to reconstruct .
Tylor 's work predated Codrington 's , and he was unfamiliar with the latter . The concept of mana occasioned a revision of Tylor 's view of the evolution of religion . The first anthropologist to formulate a revision ( which he called `` pre-animistic religion '' ) was Robert Ranulph Marett , in a series of papers collected and published as Threshold of Religion . In its preface he takes credit for the adjective `` pre-animistic '' but not the noun `` pre-animism '' , although he does not attribute it .
According to Marett , `` Animism will not suffice as a minimum definition of religion . '' Tylor had used the term `` natural religion '' , consistent with Georg Ernst Stahl 's concept of a natural spiritual energy . The soul of an animal , for example , is its vital principle . Marett wrote that `` one must dig deeper '' to find the `` roots of religion '' .
Pre-animism
Describing pre-animism , Marett cited the Melanesian mana ( primarily with Codrington 's work ) : `` When the science of Comparative Religion employs a native expression such as mana , it is obliged to disregard to some extent its original or local meaning . Science , then , may adopt mana as a general category ... `` . In Melanesia the animae are the souls of living men , the ghosts of deceased men , and spirits `` of ghost-like appearance '' or imitating living people . Spirits can inhabit other objects , such as animals or stones .
The most significant property of mana is that it is distinct from , and exists independently of , its source . Animae act only through mana . It is impersonal , undistinguished , and ( like energy ) transmissible between objects , which can have more or less of it . Mana is perceptible , appearing as a `` Power of awfulness '' ( in the sense of awe or wonder ) . Objects possessing it impress an observer with `` respect , veneration , propitiation , service '' emanating from the mana 's power . Marett lists a number of objects habitually possessing mana : `` startling manifestations of nature '' , `` curious stones '' , animals , `` human remains '' , blood , thunderstorms , eclipses , eruptions , glaciers , and the sound of a bullroarer .
If mana is a distinct power , it may be treated distinctly . Marett distinguishes spells , which treat mana quasi-objectively , and prayers ( which address the anima ) . An anima may have departed , leaving mana in the form of a spell which can be addressed by magic . Although Marett postulates an earlier pre-animistic phase , a `` rudimentary religion '' or `` magico-religious '' phase in which the mana figures without animae , `` no island of pure 'pre-animism ' is to be found . '' Like Tylor , he theorizes a thread of commonality between animism and pre-animism identified with the supernatural—the `` mysterious '' , as opposed to the reasonable .
Criticism
In 1936 , Ian Hogbin criticised the universality of Marett 's pre-animism : `` Mana is by no means universal and , consequently , to adopt it as a basis on which to build up a general theory of primitive religion is not only erroneous but indeed fallacious '' . However , Marett intended the concept as an abstraction . Spells , for example , may be found `` from Central Australia to Scotland . ''
Early 20th-century scholars also saw mana as a universal concept , found in all human cultures and expressing fundamental human awareness of a sacred life energy . In his 1904 essay , `` Outline of a General Theory of Magic '' , Marcel Mauss drew on the writings of Codrington and others to paint a picture of mana as `` power par excellence , the genuine effectiveness of things which corroborates their practical actions without annihilating them '' . Mauss pointed out the similarity of mana to the Iroquois orenda and the Algonquian manitou , convinced of the `` universality of the institution '' ; `` a concept , encompassing the idea of magical power , was once found everywhere '' .
Mauss and his collaborator , Henri Hubert , were criticised for this position when their 1904 Outline of a General Theory of Magic was published . `` No one questioned the existence of the notion of mana '' , wrote Mauss 's biographer Marcel Fournier , `` but Hubert and Mauss were criticized for giving it a universal dimension '' . Criticism of mana as an archetype of life energy increased . According to Mircea Eliade , the idea of mana is not universal ; in places where it is believed , not everyone has it , and `` even among the varying formulae ( mana , wakan , orenda , etc . ) there are , if not glaring differences , certainly nuances not sufficiently observed in the early studies '' . `` With regard to these theories founded upon the primordial and universal character of mana , we must say without delay that they have been invalidated by later research '' .
Hoolbrad argued in a paper included in the seminal volume “ Thinking Through Things : Theorising Artefacts Ethnographically ” , that the concept of mana highlights a significant theoretical assumption in Anthropology : that matter , and meaning are separate . A hotly debated issue , Hoolbrad suggests that mana provides motive to re-evaluate the division assumed between matter and meaning in social research . His work is part of the ontological turn in Anthropology , a paradigm shift that aims to take seriously the ontology of other cultures
See also
Barakah
Chakra
Charm
Guṇa
Kami in Shintoism
Magic
Mana ( Mandaeism )
Manas in early Buddhism
Manna
Mysticism
Occult
Philippine shamans or Babaylan
Prana
Qi or Chi
Quintessence or Aether
Ritual
Scientific skepticism
Spell
Supernatural
Taboo
Talisman
Yorishiro in Shintoism
Notes
References
Further reading
Keesing , Roger . 1984 . `` Rethinking mana '' . Journal of Anthropological Research 40:137–156 .
Lévi-Strauss , Claude ; Baker , Felicity ( translator ) . 1987 . Introduction to the Work of Marcel Mauss . .
Mauss , Marcel . 1924 . Essai sur le don .
Meylan , Nicolas , Mana : A History of a Western Category , Leiden , Brill , 2017 .
van der Grijp , Paul . 2014 . Manifestations of Mana : Power and Divine Inspiration in the Pacific . Berlin : LIT Verlag .
External links
Allen Varney : Mana in the Real World
mana , Te Aka Māori–English , English–Māori Dictionary
Anthropology of religion
Consciousness–matter dualism
Cultural anthropology
Energy ( esotericism )
Esotericism
Fantasy tropes
Hawaiian mythology
Māori culture
Māori mythology
Māori society
Polynesian culture
Polynesian mythology
Polynesian words and phrases
Society of Samoa
Spirituality
Tahitian culture
Vitalism
Austronesian spirituality
Social concepts
Social status
Agnes Eva Hughes , ( Snodgrass ; 1856 – 10 June 1940 ) was a political activist in Victoria , Australia . She was one of the founders and presidents of the Australian Women 's National League , and campaigned for conscription in the First World War .
Hughes was married to the businessman and army officer Frederic Hughes .
In popular culture
Eva Hughes is one of the six Australians whose war experiences are presented in The War That Changed Us , a four-part television documentary series about Australia 's involvement in the First World War .
References
External links
1856 births
1940 deaths
Activists from Melbourne
Australian feminists
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Krishika Lulla is an Indian film producer . She made her foray into producing films with 2010s romantic film Anjaana Anjaani , a co-production with Sajid Nadiadwala , starring Ranbir Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra . In December 2010 , India 's first live action animation film Toonpur Ka Superrhero was released , with Krishika at the helm as producer .
Personal life
Krishika married Sunil Lulla , managing director and executive vice-chair of Eros International .
Career
2011 was a successful year for the Lulla with two more movies to her credit – the much acclaimed Chalo Dilli by Shashant Shah , a fun slice of life film starring Lara Dutta and Vinay Pathak and Desi Boyz starring Akshay Kumar , John Abraham , Deepika Padukone and Chitrangada Singh . Desi Boyz had Krishika launching the talented Rohit Dhawan , son of David Dhawan in his directorial debut .
In 2013 , Krishika produced the hit romantic saga Raanjhanaa , directed by Anand L. Rai , starring Sonam Kapoor , south sensation Dhanush and Abhay Deol which went on to wow critics and audiences alike . Bajatey Raho was hex production featuring an ensemble cast of Vinay Pathak , Ranvir Shorey , Tusshar Kapoor , Ravi Kishan and Dolly Ahluwalia .
In 2015 , Krishika teamed up with notable director Anand L. Rai to present what would be one of the biggest hits of that year , Tanu Weds Manu Returns . Their association further continued with Happy Bhag Jayegi , directed by Mudassar Aziz , a family entertainer starring Diana Penty , Abhay Deol , Ali Fazal and Momal Sheikh that released on 19 August 2016 .
In 2016 , Krishika produced the entertainment thriller Banjo , which was a musical drama which marking multiple national award-winning Marathi Director Ravi Jadhav 's debut in Hindi starring Riteish Deshmukh and Nargis Fakhri . Banjo made its worldwide release on 23 September .
With a diverse range of Bollywood films to her credit already , Krishika has also forayed into regional cinema and backed two Marathi projects - , Phuntroo , a sci-fi romantic love story , a first for Marathi cinema , directed by National Award Winning Sujay Dahake and & Jara Hatke , starring Mrinal Kulkarni , Indraneil Sengupta , Siddharth Menon and Shivani Rangole , a beautiful story of human relationships , which she co-produced with Ravi Jadhav , both of which released earlier this year ( 2016 ) .
While producing movies takes up a chunk of her time , Krishika extends her entrepreneurial skills beyond films . Krishika is an active member of the Women 's Wing of the IMC . She was also recently unveiled as the face of leading jewelry brand Jet Gems . Describing her as the epitome of what a woman achiever should aspire to be today , Jet Gems owner Pradeep Jethani unveiled the campaign at a glittering event at the JW Marriott recently .
Krishika also recently lent her support as the brand ambassadress to the grand opening of the famous Mumbai hot spot Enigma at the JW Marriott Mumbai which is back with a bang in its new avatar .
As brand ambassador , Krishika recently hosted the launch of the new Asian restaurant Dashanzi at JW Marriott , Juhu , Mumbai .
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Hindi film producers
Indian women film producers
Film producers from Mumbai
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Sahibganj Junction railway station is an important railway junction station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone . It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Sahebganj in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Railway junction stations in Jharkhand
Forbes Korea Power Celebrity 40 is an annual list published by Forbes Korea magazine since 2009 . It is a catalog of the top 40 most powerful celebrities in South Korea where personalities from sports , music , arts , film and television are ranked according to their professional achievements , media exposure , social media popularity , TV appearances and earnings from the past year .
Top 10 by year
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
References
External links
Full list of individuals in the 2022 list
Full list of individuals in the 2021 list
Full list of individuals in the 2020 list
Full list of individuals in the 2019 list
Full list of individuals in the 2018 list
Full list of individuals in the 2017 list
Full list of individuals in the 2016 list
Full list of individuals in the 2015 list
Top 10 individuals in the 2014 list
Full list of individuals in the 2013 list
Full list of individuals in the 2012 list
Full list of individuals in the 2011 list
Full list of individuals in the 2010 list
Full list of individuals in the 2009 list
Annual magazine issues
Lists of celebrities
South Korean entertainers
Forbes lists
Koss is an unincorporated community in Menominee County , Michigan , United States . Koss is located in Lake Township , west-southwest of Stephenson .
Geography
Koss is located at the junction of S-1 Road and S-4 Road on the left bank of the Menominee River at an elevation of . Koss Creek , a tributary of the Menominee , flows west and south of Koss . Koss is connected by road to Longrie to the northwest , Kells to the north ( via County Road 577 ) , Ingalls to the east ( via County Roads 577 and 348 ) , and Packard and McAllister , Wisconsin to the south ( via Country Trunk Highway JJ ) .
Name
Koss was originally named Fischer , after the Chicago clothing company Kuh , Nathan , and Fischer , which turned the local logging line into a railroad that extended north to Miscauno Island . After it was determined that there was already another Fischer post office in Michigan , the village was renamed Koss after the railroad auditor Otto Alexander Koss ( 1866–1940 ) . Koss also served as secretary of the railroad and later than secretary of the Faithorn Printing Company ; he was subpoenaed in 1906 in the criminal proceedings against the railroad 's owner , John R. Walsh ( 1837–1911 ) .
History
Koss was founded in 1893 at the site of a saw and planing mill . George P. Gunderson was appointed as the first postmaster on March 26 , 1896 . The Wisconsin and Michigan Railroad relocated its business office to Koss in 1897 because of its importance as a lumber town . The town had a population of nearly 2,000 before it was destroyed by a fire in 1900 . The town was struck by fires again in 1902 , 1908 ( destroying 18 homes ) , and 1930 . A stream gauge was established at the Koss Bridge on June 21 , 1907 . The C. H. Worcester company store , managed by Samuel Mackevich , operated in Koss until 1909 . The town went into decline , and the post office was closed on March 31 , 1913 . Koss was characterized as a ghost town by the 1940s . However , it still supported a small population and logging operations . In the 1940s , the Duffrin mill was sawing 2,000 to 3,000 board feet of lumber a day from deadhead logs harvested from the Menominee River .
Koss Bridge
Direct road access to Koss from Wisconsin was created after the last Wisconsin and Michigan Railroad train ran on June 30 , 1938 . Marinette and Menominee counties jointly purchased the abandoned railroad bridge south of Koss in July 1938 for $ 1,250 and converted it to single-lane road use . The Koss Bridge connects County Road JJ in Marinette County to S 4 Road in Menominee County . Prior to this , interstate road access to Koss was via a 480-foot steel bridge across the Menominee River west of Wausaukee connecting Pike River Road in Marinette County to Cedar River Road ( County Road G 12 ) in Menominee County ; that bridge was destroyed in a 1920 flood when an ice jam broke . The original Koss railroad bridge was built by F. S. Brown & Co. of Chicago in 1894 and was one of the longest Pratt through truss bridges in the region , measuring . It was replaced by a new bridge in 1991 .
Recreation
The Koss Bridge has served as the starting point for an annual canoe race held on the Menominee River . Koss Park , a fishing site with a small boat ramp , is located on the Menominee River southeast of Koss .
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Koss include :
Samuel Mackevich ( 1876–1948 ) , prominent Marinette businessman
Sammy Powers ( 1897–1969 ) , professional football player for the Green Bay Packers
References
External links
Library of Congress . Photos of the Koss Bridge .
Unincorporated communities in Menominee County , Michigan
Populated places established in 1893
1893 establishments in Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
Laurence Lebeau ( married name is Monclar ) ( born 4 June 1957 at Longeville-lès-Metz ) is a former French athlete , who specialized in the 100 meters hurdles .
Biography
In 1975 , Laurence Lebeau became the first French junior champion of Europe in any sport , by winning 100 hurdles during the European Junior Championships , at Athens .
She won three titles of champion of France : two in the 100 meters hurdles in 1978 and 1980 , and one Indoors in the 60m hurdles in 1980 . She twice improved the French record of the 100 meters hurdles , bringing it to 13.20s then to 13.03s in 1980 . She also held the record for the France 50 m hurdles ( Indoors ) running 6.98s ( 1981 ) .
She participated in the 1980 Olympics , at Moscow , and reached the semifinals of the 100m hurdles .
Private life
She is the wife of Jacques Monclar , basketball player and coach with whom she had three children , Julian and Benjamin , also basketball players .
Prize list
French Outdoor Championships in Athletics :
winner 100m hurdles 1978 and 1980 .
French Indoors Championships in Athletics :
winner of the 60m hurdles in 1980 .
Records
Notes and references
External links
Olympic profile for Laurence Lebeau at sports-reference.com
1957 births
Living people
French female hurdlers
Olympic athletes of France
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Moselle ( department )
There are three Christian churches in India follows Oriental Orthodox tradition . All of them are based primarily in the state of Kerala . They are :
Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church , an autocephalous Oriental Orthodox Church based in Kerala
Jacobite Syrian Christian Church , an autonomous Oriental Orthodox Church based in Kerala and an integral branch of the Syriac Orthodox Church
Malabar Independent Syrian Church , an independent Church based in Kerala follows the Oriental Orthodox tradition , but is not in communion with other Oriental Orthodox churches .
Matthaeus Mac Cathasaig was a bishop in Ireland during the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
The Chancellor of Armagh , he was consecrated Bishop of Clogher in Lisgoole Abbey on 29 June 1287 and served until his death in 1310 .
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1310 deaths
Hu Zhangbao ( born 5 April 1963 ) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Chinese men 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of China
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Qaleh Kesh ( ) may refer to :
Qaleh Kesh , Amol
Classifications of Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease refers to the types and subtypes of Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease ( CMT ) , a genetically and clinically heterogeneous group of inherited disorders of the peripheral nervous system characterized by progressive loss of muscle tissue and touch sensation across various parts of the body . CMT is a result of genetic mutations in a number of genes .
Clinical categories
Genetic subtypes
It has to be kept in mind that sometimes a particular patient diagnosed with CMT can exhibit a combination of any of the above gene mutations ; thus , in these cases precise classification can be arbitrary .
References
Peripheral nervous system disorders
Basher : The Best of Nick Lowe is a 1989 compilation album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe .
Critical reception
Duncan Holland of British music newspaper Music Week reviewed the album positively and named this collection `` flawless '' .
Track listing
All songs by Nick Lowe except where noted .
`` So It Goes '' – 2:33
`` Heart of the City '' – 2:01
`` I Love the Sound of Breaking Glass '' ( Andrew Bodnar/Steve Goulding/Lowe ) – 3:13
`` Little Hitler '' ( Dave Edmunds/Lowe ) – 2:59
`` No Reason '' – 3:32
`` 36 Inches High '' – 2:58
`` Marie Provost '' – 2:49
`` American Squirm '' – 2:31
`` Cracking Up '' – 2:59
`` Big Kick , Plain Scrap ! '' – 2:31
`` Born Fighter '' – 3:10
`` Switch Board Susan '' ( Mickey Jupp ) – 3:49
`` Without Love '' – 2:29
`` Cruel to Be Kind '' ( Lowe/Ian Gomm ) – 3:28
`` When I Write the Book '' ( Lowe/Rockpile ) – 3:17
`` Heart '' – 3:42
`` Raging Eyes '' – 2:38
`` Time Wounds All Heels '' ( Carlene Carter/Simon Climie/Lowe ) – 2:45
`` Maureen '' – 3:07
`` Half a Boy and Half a Man '' – 2:56
`` 7 Nights to Rock '' ( Henry Glover/Louis Innis/Buck Trail ) – 2:47
`` She Does n't Love Nobody '' ( John Hiatt ) – 3:23
`` The Rose of England '' – 3:26
`` I Knew the Bride ( When She Used to Rock and Roll ) '' – 4:27
`` Lovers Jamboree '' ( Paul Carrack/Lowe ) – 3:42
References
1989 compilation albums
Nick Lowe albums
Albums produced by Nick Lowe
Los Frikis or the Frikis is a Cuban punk subculture that originated in the 1980s . As Cuban radio stations rarely played rock music , Frikis often listened to music by picking up radio frequencies from stations in nearby Florida . While many Frikas in the early-1990s entered AIDS clinics by knowingly injecting HIV-positive blood into them , others began congregating at El patio de María , a community centre in Havana that was one of the few venues in the city that allowed rock bands to play . Some Frikis also participate in squatting as an act of political defiance .
In a 2017 article for Time Out , journalist Jake Newby described the movement as in decline , due to `` only a handful of Los Frikis remain [ ing ] '' .
Etymology
The name `` Frikis '' is a Spanish-take on the English word `` freaky '' , to mean something that causes fright . In an article for Public Radio International , Frikis were defined as `` the most extreme members of the rock scene '' . In Conflict and Change in Cuba by Enrique A. Baloyra and James A. Morris , the term was defined as referring to youths who practice anti-social behaviour , have dropped out of mainstream education , refuse to conform to the norms of Cuban society , wear black , have long hair and listen to rock music '' . In Teen Lives around the World : A Global Encyclopedia , author Karen Wells described Frikis as a group who listen to hardcore punk that is synonymous with the modern punk subculture . Author Julia Cooke described the group as a subculture of anarcho-punks , that are fans of rock and heavy metal .
In an article for the Havana Times , writer Dmitri Prieto claimed that the term was first used in the 1970s in reference to those who attended folk music performances , equating this definition as similar to hippies . Similarly , both TheJournal.ie and NDTV referred to the modern group as `` hippie-punk '' .
Fashion
Frikis ' fashion is based around extreme hairstyles , clothing and body modification such as mohawks , tattoos , piercings , stretched ears and long hair . Clothing often features skulls , rips and rock band logos . The Other Side of Paradise : Life in the New Cuba author Julia Cooke described a particular group of Frikis that she met as wearing a `` mid-nineties punk-grunge hodgepodge ; torn jeans , wallet chains , boots , scruffy Converse shoes , ink limbs . Each sculpted his hair into a Mohawk '' .
Response
In its beginning , the subculture was seen as a threat to the collectivism of Cuban society , leading to make Frikis becoming victims of discrimination and police brutality . According to the New Times Broward-Palm Beach some Frikis were `` rejected by family and often jailed or fined by the government '' , the 1980s Friki woman Yoandra Cardoso however has that argued that much of the response was verbal harassment from law enforcement . Dionisio Arce , lead vocalist of Cuban heavy metal band Zeus spent six years in prison due to his part in the Frikis . Some schools would forcibly shave the heads of young Frikis as a form of punishment .
AIDS epidemic
During the Special Period in the 1990s , many Frikis purposely contracted AIDS in an attempt to escape the effects of the economic crisis by entering state-run AIDS clinics , referred to as sanatoriums . One of the first to do so was a Friki called Papo la Bala . La Bala injected himself with the infected blood of an HIV-positive rocker and converted to Christianity on his deathbed . According to Nolan Moore , a writer for ListVerse , `` hundreds of teens '' followed in la Balas example . Although no official statistics exist of the numbers of infected Frikis , the University of Pennsylvania have stated that `` many estimates that approximately 200 people–mostly men–had infected themselves '' and that `` not realizing it spread through sexual contact , many of their girlfriends also suffered from the consequences of their actions '' . In a 2017 documentary by Vice Media , a Friki called Yoandra Cardoso said that `` When the sanatorium first opened , it was 100 % Frikis . ''
The government responded to this movement by reducing the amount shops where syringes could be bought , in an attempt to reduce injection of contaminated blood . Within two years of the beginning of the movement , eighteen Frikis had died as a result .
While in the clinics , some doctors also allowed patients to listen bands such as Nirvana and AC/DC , and many Frikis formed punk rock bands , using `` speakers made from cardboard , electric guitars from East Berlin with strings made from telephone wires , and drum kits made from the materials found in x-rays '' In particular , one band that formed out of a clinic was Eskoria , who in an article by Public Radio International were described as `` the founding fathers of Cuban punk '' .
These events led to the founding Rock vs AIDS , a campaign started by Maria Gattorno that promoted safe sex by handing out information leaflets and condoms to Frikis . It also led to a larger social and governmental acceptance of Frikis and rock music in general
References
Musical subcultures
Youth culture
1980s in Cuba
Punk
Heavy metal subculture
Cuban music
Dürrlauingen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany .
Transport
The municipality has a railway station , , on the Ulm–Augsburg line .
References
Populated places in Günzburg ( district )
East Kilbride West is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council . Created in 2007 , it elects three councillors . Its territory covers the parts of East Kilbride on the north-west and western peripheries of the town , including the neighbourhoods of Gardenhall , Hairmyres , Mossneuk , Nerston ( the brownfield residential developments , but not the older separate hamlet ) , Newlandsmuir , Philipshill and Stewartfield , plus the College Milton industrial area and the outlying village of Thorntonhall – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review . In 2019 , the ward 's population was 13,695 .
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source :
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
On 1 November 2018 , SNP councillor David Watson resigned from the party and became an Independent after a legal dispute over an employee grievance .
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
2010 By-election
Following the election of Michael McCann as MP for East Kilbride , Strathaven and Lesmahagow , by-election was on 28 October 2010 to fill the vacancy , won by the Labour Party 's Alan Scott .
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
East Kilbride
Azerbaijan has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 14 times since making its debut in , after İctimai Televiziya ( İTV ) became an active member of the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) . İTV had broadcast the Eurovision Song Contest in previous years , purchasing broadcasting rights from the EBU . Azerbaijan was the last country in the Caucasus to debut in the contest and the first to win .
Azerbaijan won the contest in 2011 , with Ell and Nikki and the song `` Running Scared '' setting the record for the lowest average score for a winning song under the 12-points voting system , with 5.26 points per country . The country achieved five consecutive top-five results in the contest between 2009 and 2013 , finishing third ( 2009 ) and fifth ( 2010 ) before their 2011 win and fourth ( 2012 ) and second ( 2013 ) following their win . In 2018 , Azerbaijan failed to advance from the semi-finals for the first time .
History
Prior to Azerbaijan 's debut , broadcaster AzTV expressed interest in participating in 2007 , but EBU rules did not allow this as AzTV was not an active member of the EBU . AzTV was denied active EBU membership on 18 June 2007 , as it was considered too connected to the Azerbaijani government . On 5 July , İTV became a full EBU member , and on 15 October , it was given permission to take part in the contest by the EBU .
Azerbaijan 's debut at Eurovision in 2008 proved to be successful , with Elnur and Samir placing 8th with 132 points . In 2009 , Azerbaijan achieved an improvement on their 2008 debut , coming third and receiving 207 points with the song `` Always '' by Aysel and Arash .
Azerbaijan 's first Eurovision win came in , when Ell and Nikki triumphed with `` Running Scared '' . With their entry only receiving 5.26 points per voting country , Azerbaijan holds the record of the lowest average score for a winning song under that voting system ( in place from 1975 to 2015 ) .
The country managed another two consecutive top five results , with Sabina Babayeva finishing fourth with 150 points in 2012 , and Farid Mammadov second with 234 in 2013 , but in 2014 , Azerbaijan failed to place in the top ten for the first time since their debut , finishing 22nd , the country 's lowest result in a Eurovision final to date . Azerbaijan has since failed to reach the top ten on five occasions , coming 12th in 2015 , 17th in 2016 , 14th in 2017 , 20th in 2021 and 16th in 2022 . 2018 saw Azerbaijan 's first non-qualification , with `` X My Heart '' by Aisel failing to progress from the first semi-final . In 2019 , Chingiz brought Azerbaijan back in the top ten for the first time since 2013 by finishing eighth with the song `` Truth '' .
Popularity of the contest
Since Azerbaijan 's debut in 2008 , the contest has been extremely popular in the country . After placing in the top 10 at its debut in 2008 and also ending in the top 5 from 2009 to 2013 , the contest became a matter of `` national pride '' . The high importance of the contest within the country became evident in 2013 , when the Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev launched an inquiry into his country failing to award Russia any points in the 2013 final . Since 2009 , the contest has consistently been the most watched show on Azerbaijani television , despite the fact that the contest is broadcast at midnight local time due to the time difference from Central European Time . Azerbaijan issued a postage stamp dedicated to Ell and Nikki 's win in 2011 .
The country spent ( ) on hosting the 2012 contest , including building a completely new arena for the event . this is the largest amount of money ever spent by any host country on organising the contest .
Participation overview
Hostings
Awards received
Marcel Bezençon Awards
Related involvement
Heads of delegation
Commentators and spokespersons
Stage directors
Photogallery
See also
Armenia–Azerbaijan relations in the Eurovision Song Contest
Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Dance Contest
Azerbaijan in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Azerbaijan in the Turkvision Song Contest
Notes
References
External links
Eldar & Nigar – Eurovision 2011 Winners ( official video )
Eldar & Nigar – Azerbaijani entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf , Germany
Safura – Azerbaijani entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo , Norway
Eurovision AzerbaijanEurovision Azerbaijan
Points to and from Azerbaijan eurovisioncovers.co.uk
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest
Aramotu is a 2010 Nigerian drama film directed by Niji Akanni . It stars Idiat Sobande , Kayode Odumosu and Gabriel Afolayan . It received 7 nominations at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards and won the awards for Best Nigerian Film and Best Costume Design .
Plot
Set in 1909 , the film tells a story of a wealthy female trader , Aramotu ( Idiat Sobande ) in an extremely culture-conscious yoruba community . She tries to use the congenial qualities of the Gelede Cult in getting ideas on women 's rights and establishing a government centered on the needs of the people . She formed a clan that includes a singer ( Gabriel Afolayan ) which eventually breaks up her marriage with her kindhearted husband ( Kayode Odumosu ) . This new relationship threatens to kill everything she has built and affects her relationship with other community leaders negatively .
Cast
Idiat Sobande
Kayode Odumosu
Ireti Osayemi-Bakare
Ayo Olabiyi
Gabriel Afolayan
Tunbosun Odunsi
Peter Fatomilola
Bisi Komolafe
Release
It was released on 20 February 2011 at Coral Reef , Ikoya Avenue ikoyi , Lagos State . The film has been screened at several festivals around the world , including 2nd Africa International Film Festival , Lagos , Nigeria ( 2011 ) , Samsung Women 's International Film Festival , Chennai , India ( 2012 ) , Africa In The Picture Film Festival , Amsterdam ( 2012 ) , Arusha African International Film Festival , Tanzania ( 2013 ) and International Film Festival of Kerala , India ( 2013 )
It has also featured as showcase film at academic forums on contemporary African Cinema at the 3rd Ife International Film Festival , Obafemi Awolowo University , Ile-Ife , Nigeria ( 2012 ) , and at the Tamar Golan Africa Centre , Ben-Gurion University of the Negev , Beer Sheva , Israel ( 2017 )
Accolades
References
Best Nigerian Film Africa Movie Academy Award winners
Films set in 1909
Nigerian drama films
2010 drama films
2010 films
Yoruba-language films
Siméon Sawadogo is a Burkinabé politician . He is currently the Minister of State , the Minister of Territorial Administration , the Minister of Decentralization and Social Cohesion .
Biography
Siméon Sawadogo was born in Sabcé , Bam Province . He earned a master 's degree from University of Joseph Ki-Zerbo ( present-day University of Ouagadougou ) . In 1982 , he began his career in the public service as a teacher of primary schools . In 1994 , he joined the Ministry of Territorial Administration as High Commissioner of the Oubritenga Province in Ziniaré , then of Sanmatenga Province in Kaya . From 1997 to 2007 , he was elected a member of the National Assembly .
On 20 February 2017 , he was appointed the Minister of State for Territorial Administration . On 19 January 2019 , he resigned together with other members of Thieba cabinet . On 24 January , he was appointed the Minister of State , Territorial Administration , the Minister of Decentralization and Social Cohesion .
Health
During the 2020 coronavirus outbreak , on 21 March , Sawadogo contracted the coronavirus .
References
Living people
Government ministers of Burkina Faso
University of Ouagadougou alumni
People from Centre-Nord Region
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Burkinabé people
Kim Fripp ( born 31 October 1952 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
References
1952 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Ottawa
Orest B . `` The Big O '' Meleschuk ( born April 11 , 1940 ) is a Canadian former curler of Ukrainian descent . He was one of Manitoba 's best curlers during the 1960s and 1970s and has won a number of championships and major bonspiels . His greatest curling triumph came in 1972 when he won the Manitoba , Canadian and World Championships of curling .
Meleschuk married Patrica Frances McSherry and they have two children , Sean and Karin .
Meleschuk was involved in the first Battle of the Sexes curling match , in which he lost to Vera Pezer 's team .
Meleschuk currently lives in Selkirk , Manitoba .
See also
Curse of LaBonte
References
General
Ukrainian Canadian , Eh ? , Michael Czuboka , page 163 , 1983 , Communigraphics , Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Specific
External links
1940 births
Living people
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Curlers from Winnipeg
World curling champions
Brier champions
People from Saint Boniface , Winnipeg
Sportspeople from Selkirk , Manitoba
The Arena Omsk was a 10,318-seat multi-purpose arena in Omsk , Russia . It opened in 2007 , replacing Sports-Concerts Complex Viktora Blinova as the home of Kontinental Hockey League ice hockey team , Avangard Omsk .
Construction and opening
After the arena was designed by Austrian company AMR the construction began on March 16 , 2004 . On August 31 , 2007 , the first ice hockey game was played as a part of the 2007 Super Series , a junior hockey challenge between Canada and Russia .
The original owner of the arena was Roman Abramovich , however in 2012 he donated it to Avangard Omsk .
In 2018 , the arena was found to be structurally deficient , and had to be demolished . The demolition is completed in September 2019 . A new arena will be built at its place and is planning to open in September 2022 for the opening of the KHL 2022–23 season .
Events
2007 Super Series
2011–2013 World Junior Club Cup
2012 Gagarin Cup Finals
See also
List of European ice hockey arenas
List of Kontinental Hockey League arenas
References
External links
Profile on the site of HC Avangard
Photos of new arena
Indoor ice hockey venues in Russia
Indoor arenas in Russia
Music venues in Russia
Sport in Omsk
Avangard Omsk
Buildings and structures in Omsk Oblast
Kontinental Hockey League venues
Isabella Goodall ( 10 August 1851 – 2 February 1884 ) was an English soubrette of the Victorian theatre . She made her name on the stage in her native city , Liverpool , and later became a star of the London theatre , both in burlesque and comic plays .
Biography
Goodall was born in Liverpool . By 1865 , she was a star at the city 's Theatre Royal , Williamson Square . In February 1865 she was granted a benefit performance in which she acted and sang . Works played on that occasion included Dion Boucicault 's burletta A Lover by Proxy . She also starred in productions in other Liverpool theatres at about this time . The author and journalist William Henry Rideing reminisced in 1912 about his boyhood in Liverpool , where he remembered Goodall as the reigning soubrette : `` Then the orchestra would tune up and Miss Goodall , smiling and bowing , would open the most beautiful mouth in the world .... It bowled me over . ''
She made her London debut in April 1865 at the Prince of Wales 's Theatre in J P Wooler 's The Winning Hazard , attracting favourable reviews from The Era , London 's leading theatre journal , and The Daily News . In July of the same year , also at the Prince of Wales 's , she made a success as a comic Lancastrian housemaid in a new farce , The Mudborough Election . In December 1865 she was cast in pantomime in King Chess at the New Surrey Theatre .
Over the next two years she continued to establish herself as a leading West End player in comic plays and burlesques . In 1866 she was cast as one of two `` squabbling schoolgirls intent on marriage '' in H. J. Byron 's One Hundred Thousand Pounds . Her subsequent performances in this period included Byron 's classical burlesque , Pandora 's Box , Magic Toys at the Prince of Wales 's with Marie Wilton , La Vivandière by W. S. Gilbert and the farces , Mr and Mrs White and The Rendezvous . In pantomime she was `` a very dashing and prepossessing Princess Eglantine '' in a version of Valentine and Orson for the 1867 Christmas season , and she successfully took a travesti ( male ) role in Boucicault 's The Flying Scud at the Holborn Theatre , playing Lord Woodbie , followed by another trousers role , the valet Max , in Gilbert 's burlesque , The Merry Zingara , a parody of The Bohemian Girl .
In 1868 she joined the company of the Strand Theatre in the burlesque The Field of the Cloth of Gold and appeared with the company mainly in London but also on tour during the next four years . In 1870 she appeared as `` a spirited St Patrick '' in F. C. Burnand 's Sir George and a Dragon , in which her dancing was `` a marvellous tour de force – perhaps more vigorous than graceful , but her Irish jig is decidedly one of the most attractive features in the burlesque . '' During her time with the Strand company the repertoire mixed burlesques and straight plays , including comedies such as Up in the World , by Arthur Sketchley , in which she appeared in 1871 as a riotous page-boy .
She was evidently not only a practitioner of the theatre but also a teacher . In November 1868 , The Era reported , `` Miss Ada Arnold , a pupil of Miss Bella Goodall , made a successful debut at the Holborn Theatre on Saturday last in the burlesque of Lucrezia Borgia . ''
She died at Pentonville Road and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery .
Notes
References
`` Actors and Authors '' by W. S. Gilbert , with commentary by Andrew Crowther
Gaye , Freda ( ed ) . Who 's Who in the Theatre , fourteenth edition , 1967 . London , Sir Isaac Pitman and Sons Ltd .
External links
Photo of Goodall
19th-century British women singers
Singers from Liverpool
People associated with Gilbert and Sullivan
1851 births
1884 deaths
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
19th-century English actresses
`` Stephanie Knows Who '' is a song written by Arthur Lee and first released by Love on their 1966 album Da Capo . It has also been released on several Love compilation albums . It was to have been released as a single , backed with `` Orange Skies '' , but the single was withdrawn , with `` She Comes in Colors '' replacing it under the same catalog number . The song was also covered by The Move .
Lyrics and music
The song was inspired by a woman about 18 years old named Stephanie Buffington who both Lee and Love 's guitarist Bryan MacLean had affections for . Parts of `` The Castle '' , another song on Da Capo , were inspired by the same woman . Love drummer Michael Stuart-Ware claims that when Lee wrote the song , Stephanie was with him but by the time the band recorded the song she was with MacLean . Stuart also believes that the romantic triangle helped lead to the deterioration of the friendship between Lee and MacLean , to the point where Lee tried to expel MacLean from the band . According to guitarist Johnny Echols , the song 's lyrics , `` A tiger did , you said he did '' , referred to marks that Lee saw on her side , which she explained as having been caused by a childhood scratch from a tiger , though in fact they were stretch marks from a teenage pregnancy . Still today , most of the lyric listings for this song have that line deciphered incorrectly .
The song 's music contains jazz elements . AllMusic critic Matthew Greenwald has described the song as `` a combination of hard , psychedelic rock with a free jazz interlude . '' For the interlude , which features Johnny Echols ' guitar playing and Tjay Cantrelli 's ( real name John Barberi ) saxophone playing , the time signature shifts from 3/4 to 5/8 . Echols has described the song as `` a kind of jazz waltz '' , though noting that the song is n't very danceable . Stuart-Ware has also commented that the song is hard to dance to .
Although Lee 's singing on Love 's debut album and on Da Capo '' 's lead single `` 7 and 7 Is '' ( released months before the album ) uses a harsh style , his singing most of Da Capo uses a softer style . `` Stephanie Knows Who '' is an exception , and uses the raw singing style of the debut album . However , the instrumentation of the album is more consistent with the rest of Da Capo . For example , Alban `` Snoopy '' Pfisterer 's harpsichord is prominent . The Da Capo instrumentation is particularly evident in the instrumental introduction to the song , which features MacLean 's folk music-style guitar playing and Pfisterer 's harpsichord .
Critical reception
AllMusic critic Matthew Greenwald praised the song as being `` wonderfully quirky . '' Music critic Barney Hoskyns has described the song as having garage punk angst . Chris Hollow of The Age described the song as a jewel . Edna Gundersen and Ken Burns of USA Today described the song as being `` among the most attractively sophisticated of the era . '' Author Dominic Priore considers it a prime example of Lee 's `` fiery passion '' and remarks how the song `` breaks into a jazzy solo without losing its rock 'n ' roll grit . '' Author Bob Cianci praised Stuart-Ware 's drumming on the song . Colin Larkin called it one of the `` strong tracks '' on Da Capo . Authors Scott Schinder and Andy Schwartz described Cantrelli 's saxophone solo as being in a similar style to John Coltrane .
Other appearances
`` Stephanie Knows Who '' had been intended as a single release in late 1966 , backed with `` Orange Skies . '' It was assigned catalog number EK 45608 . However , the single was withdrawn . `` She Comes in Colors '' , backed with `` Orange Skies '' , was released with catalog number EK 45608 instead . After its original release as a single and on Da Capo , `` Stephanie Knows Who '' was also included on a number of Love compilation albums , including Comes in Colours and Best of Love .
The Move covered `` Stephanie Knows Who '' on their 1968 live EP Something Else from The Move . AllMusic critic Cub Koda describes The Move 's version as `` a psychedelic number with loads of wah-wah guitar from Roy Wood . '' AllMusic 's Richie Unterberger commented on the song 's `` spinning and frenetic guitar work . '' The song also appears on other albums by The Move , including the reissue of Shazam .
`` Stephanie Knows Who '' was also covered by The Aardvarks on the multi-artist compilation album Modstock Saarbrücken 94 '' .
References
1967 songs
Love ( band ) songs
Songs written by Arthur Lee ( musician )
Song recordings produced by Paul A. Rothchild
The Move songs
Young Husbands ( ) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Bolognini . It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival . For this film Armando Nannuzzi won a Silver Ribbon ( Nastro d'Argento ) for Best Cinematography .
Cast
Anne-Marie Baumann as Fanny
Gérard Blain as Marcello
Guido Celano as Franco 's father
Roberto Chevalier as Checchino
Antonio Cifariello as Ettore
Isabelle Corey as Laura
Ennio Girolami as Franco
Anna Maria Guarnieri as Ornella
Franco Interlenghi as Antonio
Sylva Koscina as Mara
Antonella Lualdi as Lucia
Lilly Mantovani as Lily
Raf Mattioli as Giulio
Rosy Mazzacurati as Donatella
Lila Rocco as Gilda
Marcella Rovena as Franco 's mother
References
External links
1958 films
Films scored by Nino Rota
1950s Italian-language films
1958 comedy films
Italian black-and-white films
Films directed by Mauro Bolognini
Films set in Tuscany
Commedia all'italiana
1950s Italian films
Bathys Limen ( ) , meaning deep harbor , was a town located on the coast of the Propontis on the promontory of Cyzicus , in ancient Mysia .
Its site is located near Vathy , Asiatic Turkey .
References
Populated places in ancient Mysia
Former populated places in Turkey
`` I 'm Wondering '' is a single released by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder as a non-album single in 1967 . The single was released after his album , I Was Made to Love Her , had made its debut .
Background
Billboard described the single as `` driving , pulsating material with a wailing performance that moves and grooves
all the way . '' Cash Box said that it 's a `` tremendous mid-speed blues rock side with `` overwhelming vocals tied up with the powerful push of Detroit orking . ''
Personnel
Lead vocals , harmony vocals , harmonica and possible keyboards by Stevie Wonder
Backing vocals by The Andantes
Other instrumentation by The Funk Brothers
Charts
`` I 'm Wondering '' peaked at No . 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 . It was a hit in the United Kingdom as well , where it made # 22 on the Pop Charts .
References
1967 songs
1967 singles
Stevie Wonder songs
Motown singles
Amaia Pérez Orozco is a Spanish economist and feminist activist . She specializes in feminist economics and the economic theory of sustainable living .
Life and work
Pérez Orozco studied economics at the Charles III University of Madrid , where she focused on feminist and environmental economics . She then obtained a doctorate in International and Development Economics from the Complutense University of Madrid . Her doctoral thesis studied the case of care work from the perspective of feminist economics . It was entitled Perspectivas feministas en torno a la economia . El caso de los cuidados ( Feminist perspectives on the economy : The case of care ) .
After obtaining her PhD at the Complutense University of Madrid , Pérez Orozco became a professor of Applied Economics there . She also worked on the organisation of care-intensive labour markets with the United Nations International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women , publishing work for the United Nations on topics like global care chains .
Pérez Orozco 's academic work largely focuses on the economic theory of sustainable living and markets , and feminist economic theory . In 2014 , she published Subversión feminista de la economía ( A feminist subversion of the economy ) , in which she argues for a re-imagining and restructuring of labour markets to prioritize the sustainability of human life . A core part of this project would be to pay workers for the types of labour that are essential to the continuation of human life , such as food preparation and child care , but which are very often unpaid in contemporary labour markets . Subversión feminista de la economía was also a work of feminist economics , since these unpaid but essential categories of labour are disproportionately performed by women worldwide .
In March 2022 she was amongst 151 international feminists signing Feminist Resistance Against War : A Manifesto , in solidarity with the Feminist Anti-War Resistance initiated by Russian feminists after the Russian invasion of Ukraine .
Selected works
Perspectivas feministas en torno a la economía : el caso de los cuidados ( 2006 )
Subversión feminista de la economía ( 2014 )
References
Living people
Spanish economists
Spanish women economists
Spanish feminist writers
Spanish feminists
Spanish non-fiction writers
Spanish women writers
21st-century non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Charles III University of Madrid alumni
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Complutense University of Madrid faculty
People from Burgos
James Dandu ( 5 July 1970 – 26 August 2002 ) , also known by his stage name Cool James , was a Tanzanian–Swedish hip hop recording artist and record producer .
Born in Mwanza , Tanzania and having finished his primary studies at Kurasini Primary School in Tanzania , he moved with his mother and siblings to Stockholm , Sweden .
His professional musical career started in 1988 , he released his first musical album in 1992 , already a dance-oriented production . In 1993 he got together with another East African named Andrew Muturi to form the group `` Swahili Nation '' . After a while they let a brother of Andrew join the group , and after that yet another brother . James left and joined with a Congolese , Jose Masena and formed the band Cool James & Black Teacher .
They released only two albums , the 1992 record Undercover Lover and the 1994 record Zooming You , which included the hit song `` Dr. Feelgood '' .
A while after the Cool James and Black Teacher band , James moved back to Tanzania and started producing for East African artists as well as working on his own projects . He started the Tanzanian Music Awards in 1999 .
Personal life
James had two kids , Caroline-Jamie , who he referred to as Malaika , born 1994 , and Michael James Junior , born 1997 . He mentions his kids in nearly all his songs , as well as his fiancee , Devota .
On 26 August 2002 James Dandu died in a car accident in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .
References
External links
Cool James on Myspace
1970 births
2002 deaths
Tanzanian rappers
Swedish rappers
Tanzanian emigrants to Sweden
20th-century Tanzanian male singers
Márcio Roberto dos Santos ( born 15 September 1969 ) , commonly known as Márcio Santos , is a former association footballer , who played as a defender .
Club career
Santos was born in São Paulo , and played for several clubs throughout his career , such as Internacional , Fiorentina , Ajax and São Paulo as a centre-back . He won the 1991 Campeonato Gaúcho with Internacional , the 1995–96 Eredivisie with Ajax , and Paulista Championship with São Paulo .
International career
At international level , he was a member of the Brazil national football team that won the 1994 FIFA World Cup , in which he scored one goal in the group stages , against Cameroon . He missed his penalty in the shootout in the final against Italy , but Brazil went on to win regardless . He was named to the team of the tournament for his performances . He played 43 games for Brazil between 1990 and 1997 , scoring five goals . He also took part at two Copa América tournaments , reaching the final in 1991 , and winning the tournament in 1997 .
Honours
Club
Internacional
Campeonato Gaúcho : 1991
Ajax
Eredivisie : 1995–96
São Paulo
Paulista Championship : 1998
International
Brazil
Copa América : 1997 ; Runner-up 1991
FIFA World Cup : 1994
Umbro Cup : 1995
Tournoi de France : Runner-up 1997
Individual
Bola de Prata : 1991
Placar Team of the Year : 1991
1994 FIFA World Cup Team of the Tournament
FIFA XI ( Reserve ) : 2001
References
1969 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Grêmio Esportivo Novorizontino players
Sport Club Internacional players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
ACF Fiorentina players
AFC Ajax players
São Paulo FC players
Santos FC players
Sociedade Esportiva do Gama players
Shandong Taishan F.C . players
Club Bolívar players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
Associação Atlética Portuguesa ( Santos ) players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Ligue 1 players
Serie A players
Eredivisie players
Brazil international footballers
1994 FIFA World Cup players
FIFA World Cup-winning players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Liga I players
Paulista Futebol Clube players
1991 Copa América players
1997 Copa América players
Copa América-winning players
Association football defenders
Footballers from São Paulo
John Leng Sturrock ( 23 August 1878 – 22 July 1943 ) was a Scottish newspaper publisher and Liberal politician .
Family and education
John Leng Sturrock was born in Newport-on-Tay , Fife . He was educated at the High School of Dundee and at University College , Dundee . In 1925 he married Winifred , the daughter of William Anning JP of Torquay . They had one son and a daughter . Sturrock 's grandfather was Sir John Leng , a journalist and newspaper proprietor , who was Member of Parliament for Dundee from 1899 to 1906 . His great-uncle was Sir William Christopher Leng , who was also a newspaperman and active in Conservative politics in Sheffield . He owed his middle name to the Leng family connection and sometimes hyphenated his surname to Leng-Sturrock . His son was the writer John Sturrock .
Career
Sturrock followed the family trade and was himself originally a journalist but later entered the newspaper publishing business and became managing director of John Leng & Co. Ltd , newspaper publishers .
Politics
Coalition MP
Sturrock was selected as Coalition Liberal candidate - that is as a supporter of the Coalition government of David Lloyd George - for Montrose Burghs for the 1918 general election . He faced no Independent Asquithian Liberal candidate and the Unionists did not oppose him , so he presumably received the Coalition coupon . He won the seat in a straight fight with another journalist , Labour candidate H.N . Brailsford by 9,309 votes to 2,940 a majority of 6,369 .
1922-1924
Sturrock held his seat at the 1922 general election , this time standing as a National Liberal i.e . a supporter of the Lloyd George wing of the Liberal Party . However he was unable to take part in the campaign due a serious illness . He again faced no challenge from the Conservatives or the Independent Liberals but this was a much tighter contest against a new Labour candidate Mr. J Carnegie . Sturrock received 8,407 votes to Carnegie 's 7,044 a majority of 1,363 . He again defeated Carnegie in a straight fight in the 1923 general election , this time gaining 8,717 votes to Carnegie 's 7,032 a majority of 1,685 .
From 1920 to 1922 he was secretary to the Coalition Liberals in the House of Commons .
Constitutionalist
Sturrock stood down from Montrose Burghs at the 1924 general election and contested Tottenham North as a Constitutionalist . He lost narrowly to Labour Co-operative candidate Robert Morrison by 557 votes . Although there was never a Constitutionalist Party with a central organisation , a number of candidates stood under this label in 1924 in constituencies where local Conservative and Liberal parties collaborated and where individual Liberals received Tory support against socialism . The best known of these candidates was Winston Churchill who had fought a by-election at Abbey Division of Westminster in March 1924 as a Constitutionalist and who then contested Epping in Essex at the general election in October 1924 under the same banner .
Death
Sturrock died on 22 July 1943 aged 65 years in a Dundee nursing home .
References
External links
1878 births
1943 deaths
National Liberal Party ( UK , 1922 ) politicians
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
People educated at the High School of Dundee
Alumni of the University of Dundee
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
Scottish journalists
20th-century Scottish newspaper publishers ( people )
People from Newport-on-Tay
The Intel i750 is a two-chip graphics processing unit composed of the 82750PB pixel processor and 82750DB display processor . The i750 chip was used in video capture/compression cards such as the Intel Smart Video Recorder and Creative Labs Video Blaster RT300 . These cards were needed to allow Video for Windows to record footage from a video camera .
Although Intel had made earlier chips targeting graphics ( e.g. , 82786 graphics coprocessor ) , this was seen as Intel 's first attempt to break into the video controller marketplace . The effort was a failure and led to Intel leaving the market for some time . The Indeo video compressor was originally built to work with the i750 , but was later ported to other systems as well .
Technical Details
82750PB
The 82750PB pixel processor is packaged in a 132-pin PQFP running at 25 MHz . It contains 57 instruction set , eight entries 64 bit vector registers ( same MM0~MM7 register naming as used on the x86 , the only difference being that i750 has dedicated registers while the x86 MMX CPU does not . However , the i750 lacks general purpose integer registers unlike its x86 counterpart ) , a 64-bit ALU , a 512×48-bit instruction RAM , a 512×16-bit data RAM , two internal 16-bit buses , a wide instruction word processor , a variable length sequence decoder , a pixel interpolator and an interface supporting a 4 GB linear address space . These features make it capable of text , 2D and 3D graphics , video compression , and real-time video decompression and video effects . It can support up to 30 frames per second .
82750DB
The 82750DB display processor supports variable bits per pixel , pixels per line , and pixel widths allowing trading-offs in image quality vs. refresh rate and VRAM requirements .
82750PD
Intel 's low-cost i750 processor , 82750PD , and ATI 's 68890 video capture Chip for video-only boards .
See also
Intel740
References
- Alternate location ( without diagrams )
Graphics processing units
Intel graphics
Graphics hardware
The Arion Society was a German-American musical society . It was founded in January 1854 to promote `` the perpetuation of love for some of the characteristic elements of German civilization '' . It was disbanded because of Anti-German sentiment following World War I .
History
It was founded in January 1854 to promote `` the perpetuation of love for some of the characteristic elements of German civilization '' .
They sponsored the Arion Ball in 1892 at Madison Square Garden to celebrate the four hundredth anniversary of Columbus 's discovery of America . The society commissioned Bolossy Kiralfy for the event . The 1898 ball , also held at Madison Square Garden , had an Egyptian theme .
It was disbanded because of Anti-German sentiment following World War I .
Conductors
Carl Anschütz ( 1813-1870 ) 1860 to 1863 .
Frédéric Louis Ritter ( 1831-1891 ) 1864 to 1867 .
Leopold Damrosch ( 1832–1885 ) 1871 to 1883 .
Frank van der Stucken ( 1858–1929 ) 1884 to 1895 . He was the first American born conductor . He gave his first concert in April 1884 and he resigned in 1895 .
Julius Lorenz , became director in July 1895 .
Carl Bergmann ( 1821-1876 ) , held several tenures as conductor .
See also
Liederkranz of the City of New York
References
Clubs and societies in New York City
German-American culture in New York City
Musical groups from New York City
1854 establishments in New York ( state )
Musical groups established in 1854
Norma Triangle is a residential neighborhood in West Hollywood , California . It encompasses the area bound by Doheny Drive and Beverly Hills on the west , Sunset Boulevard and Holloway Drive on the north , and Santa Monica Boulevard on the south . The small district has the shape of a right triangle . {
`` type '' : `` FeatureCollection '' ,
`` features '' : [
{
`` type '' : `` Feature '' ,
`` properties '' : { } ,
`` geometry '' : {
`` type '' : `` Polygon '' ,
`` coordinates '' : [
[
[
-118.38978767395021 ,
34.09069619007089
] ,
[
-118.38978767395021 ,
34.09069619007089
] ,
[
-118.37390899658205 ,
34.09083835155457
] ,
[
-118.37390899658205 ,
34.09083835155457
] ,
[
-118.3813762664795 ,
34.08707099157699
] ,
[
-118.3813762664795 ,
34.08707099157699
] ,
[
-118.38987350463869 ,
34.08131300433428
] ,
[
-118.38987350463869 ,
34.08131300433428
] ,
[
-118.38970184326173 ,
34.09062510923953
] ,
[
-118.38970184326173 ,
34.09062510923953
] ,
[
-118.38978767395021 ,
34.09069619007089
]
]
]
}
}
]
}
The neighborhood is walkable and upscale with cafes and restaurants , shopping , nightclubs , parks , and bars in close proximity . The Norma Triangle includes a small portion of the Sunset Strip and a large portion of `` Boys ' Town '' a popular gay district on Santa Monica Blvd . It is also home to the Ticketmaster corporate headquarters , the largest employer in West Hollywood , as well as a number of IAC/InterActiveCorp subsidiaries , including Tinder and CityGrid Media .
The Norma Triangle neighborhood is represented by The Norma Triangle Neighborhood Watch with the main goals of creating a tight knit community , ensuring residents feel safe and secure , and voicing neighborhood concerns with the City Council members of West Hollywood .
Past neighborhood events include the National Night Out block party .
Street Names and Homes
Contrary to some reports , Norma Place and the neighborhood is not named after silent film star Norma Talmadge . After extensive research , historians believe Norma Place and streets like Clark , Lloyd , Cynthia , Dicks , Hammond , and others `` were named after senior executives of the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad Company , owned by Moses Sherman and Eli P. Clark , who built the streets , or their spouses or children . '' Moses Sherman founded the town of Sherman where many rail lines merged and streetcar barns were housed . Sherman was subsequently renamed to West Hollywood .
Homes in the area were built in the early 1900s for the people who worked for the Los Angeles Pacific Railway , which had a depot at the Pacific Design Center site . After WWII , interior designers and decorators started moving into many of the single family homes when `` furnishing showrooms that had historically only located downtown started to seek less expensive storefront space '' along Robertson and Beverly Boulevards within West Hollywood .
Single-family zone
Within the Norma Triangle Neighborhood is the Single-Family ( R1B ) Zone . This zone encompasses the area south of Vista Grande Street , west of Hilldale Avenue , the houses along and north of Lloyd Street , and east of Doheny Drive . {
`` type '' : `` FeatureCollection '' ,
`` features '' : [
{
`` type '' : `` Feature '' ,
`` properties '' : { } ,
`` geometry '' : {
`` type '' : `` Polygon '' ,
`` coordinates '' : [
[
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086698117829336
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086698117829336
] ,
[
-118.38656282052399 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.38656282052399 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.38561868295075 ,
34.08566739125973
] ,
[
-118.38561868295075 ,
34.08566739125973
] ,
[
-118.3882579766214 ,
34.08405019152733
] ,
[
-118.3882579766214 ,
34.08405019152733
] ,
[
-118.38939523324372 ,
34.0840679631208
] ,
[
-118.38939523324372 ,
34.0840679631208
] ,
[
-118.38939523324372 ,
34.085294194062975
] ,
[
-118.38939523324372 ,
34.085294194062975
] ,
[
-118.38873004540802 ,
34.08527642272685
] ,
[
-118.38873004540802 ,
34.08527642272685
] ,
[
-118.38879441842438 ,
34.08556076365707
] ,
[
-118.38879441842438 ,
34.08556076365707
] ,
[
-118.38928794488312 ,
34.085614077475185
] ,
[
-118.38928794488312 ,
34.085614077475185
] ,
[
-118.38928794488312 ,
34.08614721381004
] ,
[
-118.38928794488312 ,
34.08614721381004
] ,
[
-118.38950252160431 ,
34.08614721381004
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.08666257574271
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086769201957836
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086769201957836
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086769201957836
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086769201957836
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086769201957836
] ,
[
-118.38956689462067 ,
34.0868047439997
] ,
[
-118.38956689462067 ,
34.0868047439997
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.08673365990105
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.08685805703453
] ,
[
-118.38952397927643 ,
34.086840286026636
] ,
[
-118.38952397927643 ,
34.086840286026636
] ,
[
-118.38952397927643 ,
34.086840286026636
] ,
[
-118.38950252160431 ,
34.086715888867055
] ,
[
-118.3894810639322 ,
34.086698117829336
]
]
]
}
}
]
} The zone `` boasts an eclectic mix of one- and two-story buildings in a wide range of styles and eras . These include Hollywood Regency homes , French eclectic , Spanish revival , contemporary modern , and traditional homes . ''
The City of West Hollywood adopted the Norma Triangle Single-Family Design Guidelines in 2017 with the purpose of managing change , protecting distinctive characteristics of the neighborhood , and allowing flexibility in design creativity .
Notable landmarks and buildings
Lloyd Wright Home and Studio located at 858 Doheny Drive . The home and studio was designed by and constructed for Lloyd Wright in 1927 . Wright , the eldest son of noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright , lived and worked from the location from 1927 until his death in 1978 .
The San Vicente Bungalows located at 845 San Vicente Blvd . The famed hotelier Jeff Klein bought the nine-bungalow complex in 2013 and after a `` six-year renovation estimated to have cost $ 50 million '' opened it up in 2019 as a private clubhouse . Renovations included moving one of the bungalows built circa 1899 to a location across the street and converting it to Hotel 850 . Prior to the renovations , the bungalows were known as the San Vicente Inn and `` operated as a “ clothing-optional ” gay resort and developed a reputation as a place for drug abuse and prostitution . ''
The West Hollywood Elementary is the only public elementary school in WeHo , located at 970 North Hammond St. near Harratt .
The First Baptist Church of Beverly Hills is located in the Norma Triangle neighborhood at 9025 Cynthia Street . It was `` built by members of the Dutch Reform Church in the 1920s , the First Baptist is the only remaining church from the Town of Sherman ... was officially designated an Historic Site in 1993 by the City of West Hollywood . ''
9091 Santa Monica Blvd . Built in 1924 , this building `` once housed a drug store and many other businesses over the years . It is unique in that it had second floor apartments , something that was rare for buildings of that period . '' The building had been vacant for over 25 years before being bought by developer Taylor Megdal of Megdal and Associates to upgrade it into a 2,285 square-foot boutique hotel , restaurant , and cafe . The hotel plans to open in 2019 with six guest rooms on the second floor .
Earthquake Fault Zone
A significant portion of the Norma Triangle neighborhood falls within the Hollywood Earthquake Fault Zone which runs from West Hollywood east to Atwater .
According to WeHoVille , `` In 2001 , the City of West Hollywood identified two zones around the fault for which special rules were put in place for new development . Fault protection zone 1 includes land where an active fault is likely , and thus developers of new projects must conduct the fault rupture investigation . Fault protection zone 2 is an area less likely to contain a fault . Rather than conduct a fault rupture investigation in zone 2 , a developer can reinforce a building 's foundation to protect it from an earthquake shake .
The revised state map places lots on the north side of Sunset Boulevard from Londonderry Place on the west to Sweetzer Avenue on the east in the “ fault rupture investigation ” zone . Further west , the revised state map now includes lots on the south side of Sunset between Hammond Street and San Vicente Boulevard .
In the Norma Triangle neighborhood , the state map also extends the FP1 zone over Cynthia Avenue , adding the area bordered on the south by West Vista Grande Street , on the west by Doheny Drive and on the east by North Hilldale Avenue . ''
also
West Hollywood , California
Los Angeles , California
Sunset Strip
References
External links
West Hollywood Official Website
WeHo Norma Triangle Next Door Page
Norma Triangle Neighborhood Facebook Page
Neighborhoods in West Hollywood , California
The 1909 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1909 college football season . In its second season under head coach Enoch J . Mills , the team compiled a 5–3 record and outscored opponent by a total of 112 to 41 .
1909 was only the second season in which Baylor 's first six games were at home ; since then , Baylor has not begun the season with more than four home games . The season is prominent for having the world 's first `` Home-Coming '' at the Thanksgiving Day game , which included a concert , parade , and bonfire . To this day , Baylor claims to have the largest homecoming parade in the world .
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor Bears football
The Church of the Free Port ( ) is a Church of Denmark parish church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark . It was built in 1905 to designs by Thorvald Jørgensen , best known for his design of Christiansborg Palace , home to the Danish Parliament . It takes its name from the Freeport of Copenhagen which had been established on the coast just east of the church a decade earlier .
History
The Church of the Free Port is one of several churches built with funds raised by the Society for the Construction of Small Churches in Copenhagen . The organization was founded at the initiative of Dorothea von Ripperda , a young noblewoman who learned about the severe shortage of churches in the new districts of Copenhagen at a meeting in the mission house Bethesda in 1886 . She was later joined by many other young women who participated in the collection of money for the cause .
The architect Thorvald Jørgensen was charged with the design of the church which was completed in 1905 . Its first pastor was H.P . Mollerup who later founded Kirkens Korshær . a Danish version of the British Church Army .
Architecture
The church is oriented north-south and has a tower at its north-eastern corner . It is built in red brick with pilasters at the corners and between the round arched windows .
References
External links
Churches in Østerbro
Lutheran churches in Copenhagen
20th-century Church of Denmark churches
Churches completed in 1905
1905 establishments in Denmark
Churches in the Diocese of Copenhagen
Pedro Olasagasti Arruti is a Spanish coxswain . He won a gold medal at the 1979 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Coxswains ( rowing )
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Denegri is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alberto Denegri , Peruvian football player
Aurelio Denegri , Prime Minister of Peru in 1881
Gustavo Denegri ( born 1937 ) , Italian billionaire , chairman of DiaSorin
Jerko Ješa Denegri ( born 1936 ) , Serbian art historian and art critic
Marco Aurelio Denegri ( born 1938 ) , Peruvian intellectual
Italian-language surnames
Leisure Process were a British new wave duo formed in the early 1980s . They consisted of Ross Middleton , previously of post-punk Glasgow band Positive Noise , and session sax player Gary Barnacle . Four singles were released ( one credited to 'Leisure Process International ' ) before their split . They were signed to Epic Records and all singles were produced by Martin Rushent . They recorded a session for John Peel on 10 March 1982 .
Singles
Leisure Process released four singles on the Epic label :
`` Love Cascade '' ( 1982 )
`` A Way You 'll Never Be '' ( 1982 ) ( featuring Mark King and Phil Gould of Level 42 )
`` Cashflow '' ( 1982 ) ( featuring backing vocals by The G-Spots , Karen Howarth and Karen Concannon )
`` Anxiety '' ( 1983 )
See also
Gary Barnacle
Martin Rushent
References
External links
Leisure Process at Discogs.com
English new wave musical groups
English musical duos
Male musical duos
New wave duos
Epic Records artists
Diiodine oxide , also known as iodohypoiodite , is an oxide of iodine that is equivalent to an acid anhydride of hypoiodous acid . This substance is unstable and it is very difficult to isolate .
Preparation
Diiodine oxide can be prepared by reacting iodine with potassium iodate ( KIO3 ) in 96 % sulfuric acid and then extracting it into chlorinated solvents .
Reaction
Diiodine oxide reacts with water to form hypoiodous acid :
Related substances
Oxygen difluoride
Dichlorine monoxide
Dibromine monoxide
References
Iodine compounds
Oxides
Vivekananda Nagar Indoor Sports Complex is an indoor stadium located in Nagpur , Maharashtra . The stadium was constructed on 3.5 acres of land allotted by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation for events of Table Tennis , Badminton etc . The stadium has a seating capacity of 5,000 . The venue hosts several political events , concerts and sports events like badminton , basketball , lawn tennis .
The stadium is second indoor venue in the city and 3 603 square meter area with parking of 300 two-wheelers and 50 four-wheelers . This first sporting venue in South-West Nagpur facilities of a cafeteria , administrative office along with changing rooms and toilets which cost 3 crores for construction .
References
External links
Nagpurorange
Sport in Nagpur
Buildings and structures in Nagpur
Sports venues in Maharashtra
Sports venues in Nagpur
2014 establishments in Maharashtra
Indoor arenas in India
Sport in Vidarbha
Vonani Bila is a South African author and poet , he was born in 1972 in Shirley Village near Elim Hospital . He is the founder and editor of the poetry journal Timbila and directs the Timbila Poetry Project in Shirley Village , Elim in Limpopo Province . He works as the co-ordinator of the Limpopo NGO Coalition and edits the newspaper Community Gazette . He has written eight story books in English and Tsonga for newly literate adult readers . His poetry has been published in the collection No Free Sleeping . In 2003 Vonani Bila released his first music and poetry CD , 'Dahl Street , Pietersburg ' . Bila participated in the 'Poetry Africa 2005 ' , an International festival of poetry held in Durban , South Africa .
Education
Vonani Bila started his education at Shirley Primary School at his home village of Shirley , he proceeded to do his secondary education at Lemana High School at Village near Elim Hospital . After Lemana high school , he attended the University of Natal . He holds MA in Creative Writing from Rhodes University
References
External links
Bio details , Poetry Africa Festival 2005
Volani is honnored and invited to 12e Biennale des poètes en Val-de-Marne , FRANCE
1972 births
Living people
People from Vhembe District Municipality
Tsonga people
South African poets
In mathematical analysis , Netto 's theorem states that continuous bijections of smooth manifolds preserve dimension . That is , there does not exist a continuous bijection between two smooth manifolds of different dimension . It is named after Eugen Netto .
The case for maps from a higher-dimensional manifold to a one-dimensional manifold was proven by Jacob Lüroth in 1878 , using the intermediate value theorem to show that no manifold containing a topological circle can be mapped continuously and bijectively to the real line . Both Netto in 1878 , and Georg Cantor in 1879 , gave faulty proofs of the general theorem . The faults were later recognized and corrected .
An important special case of this theorem concerns the non-existence of continuous bijections from one-dimensional spaces , such as the real line or unit interval , to two-dimensional spaces , such as the Euclidean plane or unit square . The conditions of the theorem can be relaxed in different ways to obtain interesting classes of functions from one-dimensional spaces to two-dimensional spaces :
Space-filling curves are surjective continuous functions from one-dimensional spaces to two-dimensional spaces . They cover every point of the plane , or of a unit square , by the image of a line or unit interval . Examples include the Peano curve and Hilbert curve . Neither of these examples has any self-crossings , but by Netto 's theorem there are many points of the square that are covered multiple times by these curves .
Osgood curves are continuous bijections from one-dimensional spaces to subsets of the plane that have nonzero area . They form Jordan curves in the plane . However , by Netto 's theorem , they can not cover the entire plane , unit square , or any other convex set .
If one relaxes the requirement of continuity , then all smooth manifolds of bounded dimension have equal cardinality , the cardinality of the continuum . Therefore , there exist discontinuous bijections between any two of them , as Georg Cantor showed in 1878 . Cantor 's result came as a surprise to many mathematicians and kicked off the line of research leading to space-filling curves , Osgood curves , and Netto 's theorem . A near-bijection from the unit square to the unit interval can be obtained by interleaving the digits of the decimal representations of the Cartesian coordinates of points in the square . The ambiguities of decimal , exemplified by the two decimal representations of 1 = 0.999 ... , cause this to be an injection rather than a bijection , but this issue can be repaired by using the Schröder–Bernstein theorem .
References
Dimension theory
Theorems in topology
The SL C9 was a metro stock used in the Stockholm metro , built by ASEA and Hägglund & Söner between 1976 and 1977 . 20 cars were built . The C9 was built for the Blue line . The C9 would be more similar to the C7 stock than the C8 stock , because like the C7 , the C9 used thyristors to control the traction motors and brakes . The C9 received more powerful traction motors than the C6-C8 stock , therefore increasing its top speed from . Also unlike the C6-C8 , one C9 unit had a service weight of 25 tons , 2 tons more than the service weights of the C6 , C7 and C8 stocks . Like the previous C8 stock , the C9 was delivered in the `` Bernadotte '' blue colour from the beginning . During its whole life , the C9 operated only on the blue line . It was in traffic from 1976 to 2009 , when 19 out of the 20 wagons were scrapped . The unscrapped wagon , 2873 , stood in Ågesta as a practice wagon for the fire service to practice in . However , 2873 was scrapped in October 2021 and replaced by two units of the older C6 stock .
References
ASEA multiple units
Multiple units of Sweden
Stockholm metro
Evaristo Nugkuag Ikanan ( born 1950 ) is a Peruvian activist for environmental and indigenous people causes . He is a member of the Aguaruna people . He organized the Alliance of the Indian Peoples of the Peruvian Amazon ( AIDESEP ) and Coordinadora de las Organizaciones Indígenas de la Cuenca Amazónica `` COICA '' to serve indigenous people . In 1986 , he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award for `` organising to protect the rights of the Indians of the Amazon basin . ''
Awards
1986 Right Livelihood Award
1991 Goldman Environmental Prize
References
Indigenous activists of the Americas
Indigenous people of the Amazon
Peruvian environmentalists
1950 births
Living people
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
The Rutgers Scarlet Knights softball team represents Rutgers University–New Brunswick in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Big Ten Conference . The Scarlet Knights are currently led by head coach Kristen Butler . The team plays its home games at Rutgers Softball Complex located on the university 's campus .
History
Coaching history
Source :
Coaching staff
References
Big Ten Conference softball
FreeCol is a 4X video game , a clone of Sid Meier 's Colonization . FreeCol is free and open source software released under the GNU GPL-2.0-or-later .
FreeCol is mostly programmed in Java and should thus be platform-independent . In practice , it is known to run on Linux and Windows , as well as Mac OS X ( with some limitations ) .
While remaining faithful to the original in terms of mechanics and gameplay , FreeCol sports a new set of redesigned graphics . Moreover , in addition to the classical Colonization rules , it features an additional ruleset that incorporates ideas that did n't make it to the final version of Meier 's game , requests by fans and original concepts like new European players with new national bonuses .
Gameplay
In FreeCol the player leads the colony of a European power from the arrival on the shore of the New World into the future , achieving victory by one of two possible victory conditions : either gaining independence by declaring independence and subsequently defeating the dispatched royal expeditionary force or by defeating the colonies of all the competing European powers by the year 1600 . To be allowed to declare independence , at least 50 % of the player 's colonists must support independence . This is achieved by producing liberty bells ; 200 liberty bells turn one colonist from being a royalist into being a rebel . To be able to defeat the royal expeditionary force the player must train and build a strong enough army of their own .
Another important factor are the numerous settlements of different Native American nations . Native settlements can be traded with to gain gold or they can be conquered for treasure . Native settlements can also teach the player 's colonists and turn them into specialist . Specialists are considerably more productive when assigned in their trade . Most specialists can be trained for gold in Europe or come as settlers for free , but certain specialists can only be trained at certain native settlements .
FreeCol starts in 1492 with two colonists on a caravel on the ocean at the player 's disposal . The player is the king 's proxy and is supposed to lead the caravel to the shore and found a colony in the New World consisting of multiple settlements . The player gets additional colonists by producing food ( 200 food units in a settlement generates a new unit ) , by immigration from Europe , by converting the natives or by capturing unarmed units of competing European colonies .
The player may trade with Europe using various natural resources which are produced in settlements or acquired from trade with natives . In each settlement the player can also build up industrial buildings to convert raw materials into processed goods , which sell for more in Europe , providing a significant economic advance .
Reception
In February 2007 FreeCol was SourceForge 's Project of the Month . In 2008 Rock , Paper , Shotgun 's game journalist Alec Meer had mixed feelings about FreeCol but still called it : `` it 's an ( sic ) remarkable accomplishment , and I 'm very glad it 's out there . '' and `` FreeCol , though , is here right now , it 's free , it 's stable , it 's pretty much feature-complete and unlike its parent it has multiplayer '' . In 2010 Alec Meer named FreeCol in Rock , Paper , Shotgun as a better alternative when he was confronted with the later commercial remake Civilization IV : Colonization .
FreeCol became a popular freeware title , which was for instance downloaded over 1,900,000 times on SourceForge alone , between January 2002 and April 2017 .
See also
List of open source games
References
External links
Official website
FreeCol on translatewiki.net
FreeCol on the Civilization Wikia
2003 video games
Age of Discovery video games
Free software programmed in Java ( programming language )
Open-source video games
Strategy video games
Java platform games
Turn-based strategy video games
Video game clones
Video games with isometric graphics
MacOS games
Linux games
Windows games
Garakan ( , also Romanized as Garakān ) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 7 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
A fore-and-aft rig is a sailing vessel rigged mainly with sails set along the line of the keel , rather than perpendicular to it as on a square rigged vessel .
Description
Fore-and-aft rigged sails include staysails , Bermuda rigged sails , gaff rigged sails , gaff sails , gunter rig , lateen sails , lug sails , tanja sails , the spanker sail on a square rig and crab claw sails .
Fore-and-aft rigs include :
Rigs with one mast : the proa , the catboat , the sloop , the cutter
Rigs with two masts : the ketch , the yawl
Rigs with two or more masts : the schooner
Barques and barquentines are partially square rigged and partially fore-and-aft rigged .
A rig which combines both on a foremast is known as a hermaphroditic rig .
History
Austronesia
The fore-and-aft rig is believed to have been first developed independently by the Austronesian peoples some time around 1500 BC with the invention of the crab claw sail . It is suggested that it evolved from a more primitive `` V '' -shaped `` square '' sail with two spars that come together at the hull . Crab claw sails spread from Maritime Southeast Asia to Micronesia , Island Melanesia , Polynesia , and Madagascar via the Austronesian migrations . Austronesians in Southeast Asia also later developed other types of fore-and-aft sails , such as the tanja sail ( also known as the canted square sail , canted rectangular sail , or the balance lug sail ) .
Their use later spread into the Indian Ocean since the first millennium , among vessels from the Middle East , South Asia , and China .
The above developmental history of Austronesian sailing rigs is challenged by some working in the field . Atholl Anderson points out that there is little evidence of any of this maritime technology existing at the suggested points in prehistory . There is no archaeological or written evidence to support their early usetheir existence has been argued on the basis that voyages of exploration and colonisation were made against the prevailing winds . This requires a rig that can sail to windward . Anderson ( and others ) argue that this `` to windward '' colonisation relies on occasional changes in the normal wind direction , often related to El Niño events . These were more common at the times in pre-history that coincide with phases of colonisation in new areas . Hence the early development of windward-sailing rigs is not a pre-requisite for the much of the Austronesian Expansion . Instead , using linguistic analysis of terms for elements of the more advanced Austronesian rigs , Anderson suggests that the primitive `` mastless '' rigs used by Austronesians were the only form until they encountered lateen technology in use by Arab sailing vessels of the 14th century . This is a complete reversal of the ideas of Campbell and others .
Europe
The square rig had predominated in Europe since the dawn of sea travel , but in the generally gentle climate of southern Europe and the Mediterranean Sea during the last few centuries before the Renaissance the fore-and-aft began to replace it . By 1475 , its use increased , and within a hundred years the fore-and-aft rig was in common use on rivers and in estuaries in Britain , northern France , and the Low Countries , though the square rig remained standard for the harsher conditions of the open North Sea as well as for trans-Atlantic sailing .
The triangular lateen sail was more maneuverable and speedier , while the square rig was labor-intense but seaworthy .
References
External links
Sailing rigs and rigging
The Auburn Tigers softball team is an American softball team , representing the Auburn Tigers from Auburn University . Their first season was 1997 . The Auburn Tigers play their home games at Jane B. Moore Field .
History
Head coaches
Awards and honors
Conference awards
SEC Player of the Year
Kasey Cooper ( 2016 )
SEC Freshman of the Year
Sara Dean ( 2002 )
All-Americans
References
External links
Sport clubs established in 1997
The Kinmen County Council ( KMCC ; ) is the elected county council of Kinmen County , Republic of China . The council composes of 19 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018 .
Speakers
Wang Zai-sheng ( KMT ) ( 1 March 2010-25 December 2014 )
Hung Li-ping ( KMT ) ( 25 December 2014-24 December 2018 )
Hung Yun-tien ( KMT ) ( 25 December 2018-incumbent )
Deputy Speakers
Xu Jianzhong ( KMT ) ( 1 March 2010-25 December 2014 )
Shieh Tung-long ( KMT ) ( 25 December 2014-24 December 2018 )
Zhou Zijie ( Independent ) ( 25 December 2018-incumbent )
See also
Kinmen County Government
References
External links
County councils of Taiwan
Kinmen
Molko v. Holy Spirit Association for the Unification of World Christianity was a legal case heard before the California Supreme Court , which issued its ruling in 1988 .
Plaintiffs
David Molko and Tracy Leal , two former members of the Unification Church of the United States , were represented by Ford Greene before the California Supreme Court . Coercive persuasion was connected by the plaintiffs to the legal concept of undue influence . Molko 's and Leal 's case had been dismissed by San Francisco Superior Court judge Stuart Pollack and by a three judge appeals court before they appealed to the California Supreme Court .
Expert testimony
A psychologist and a psychiatrist testified that the church 's persuasion techniques rendered former members legally incapable of exercising their independent judgement , essentially brainwashing them .
Court ruling
In 1988 , the state high court held that religious organizations may be sued for fraud and intentional infliction of emotional distress when they use deception to cause candidates for recruitment to unwittingly expose themselves to brainwashing techniques . It also held that members of the Unification Church who recruited Molko had lied by denying any religious connection to their recruitment pitch and , when he trusted them , brainwashed him . In a legal opinion written by Justice Stanley Mosk regarding tactics religious groups used to attract followers , the court found that any burden on the free exercise of religion was outweighed by the state 's interest in protecting against `` fraudulent induction of unconsenting individuals into an atmosphere of coercive persuasion '' because many people exposed to brainwashing techniques without their knowledge or consent would develop serious and sometimes irreversible physical and psychiatric disorders up to and including schizophrenia , self-mutilation , and suicide . The court also found that the plaintifs , when church members , `` were incapable of exercising their own will . ''
In facts part of the ruling the court mentioned that both Molko and Leal , were forcibly abducted by deprogrammers hired by their parents from a public space while they were fundraising money for the Unification Church by selling flowers .
Amicus brief
An amicus curiae brief was filed in favor of the plaintiffs by attorney Paul Morantz , who specialized in representing persons who claimed they were subject to brainwashing . Morantz served as pro bono appellate counsel and also participated in oral arguments .
An amicus curiae brief of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) stated that the coercive persuasion theory that the plaintiffs advanced is not a meaningful scientific concept . In a petition to the court the petitioners stated , that in the context of the case , the `` coercive persuasion '' hypothesis is wholly divorced from its purported theoretical basis , the theory of coercive persuasion is not scientific , the methodological foundations for the theory of coercive persuasion does not exist and that the allegation of `` coercive persuasion '' on which the California Supreme Court relied has no specific legitimacy , but uses the language of science to cloak an attack on religious liberty .
The APA 's brief was later criticized by sociologist Benjamin Zablocki , who pointed out that the theory of coercive persuasion , which he called brainwashing , had neither been proved nor disproved by scientific consensus .
Other issues and opinions
The court ruled that false imprisonment can exist even if the victim is not placed under arrest . It also found that the free exercise clause of the United States Constitution does not bar an action for fraud against a religious organization when that action implicates action , not belief .
Law professor R. Kent Greenawalt argues against the court 's ruling saying that religious individuals often subject themselves to conditions that may be psychologically harmful , that the defendants did know the identity of the group they were joining , and that courts would rule differently if a more established religion ( he uses the Roman Catholic Church as an example ) were involved .
Outcome
The defendants appealed to the United States Supreme Court which refused to review the decision of the California Supreme Court , and the case was settled out of court .
References
External links
Molko v. Holy Spirit Assn . ( 1988 ) 46 Cal.3d 1092 , 762 P.2d 46 ; 252 Cal.Rptr . 122 Robert Crown Law Library , Stanford University
California state case law
1988 in United States case law
Mind control
Adam Drummond ( 31 January 1713 – 17 June 1786 ) , 11th of Lennoch and 4th of Megginch in Perthshire , was a Scottish merchant , banker and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1761 and 1786 .
Life
Drummond was the eldest son of John Drummond . He was educated at Leiden University , and after briefly studying law joined the army in 1739 , being commissioned as lieutenant in the 47th Regiment of Foot in 1741 and promoted to captain in 1745 . In this capacity he served against the Jacobite rising at the Battle of Prestonpans , where he was captured . While being held prisoner in Edinburgh , 400 guineas was smuggled to him by Colin Simpson , apprentice to his uncle Adam Drummond , a surgeon-apothecary in Edinburgh . He later served in North America , but was put on half-pay in 1753 and retired from the army in 1756 and set up as a merchant .
On 4 February 1755 , Drummond married Catherine Ashe , widow of William Ashe , MP and daughter of the 4th Duke of Bolton . The Bolton family controlled a number of pocket boroughs , and at the next general election ( in 1761 ) Drummond entered Parliament as Member of Parliament for Lymington . Although the Duke of Bolton went into opposition after the election , Drummond supported the government , and in 1764 was rewarded when in partnership with Sir Samuel Fludyer he was awarded the lucrative contract for victualling the British troops in North America . Later the same year , Drummond , Fludyer and Anthony Bacon secured a 30-year lease of all the coal on Cape Breton Island and in 1767 he acquired a large land grant in St John 's Island ( now Prince Edward Island ) . Further profitable contracts followed and , unlike his partner Fludyer , Drummond was able to retain or renew them as governments changed by remaining loyal to whichever administration was in power and helped by the influence of his noble brother-in-law .
Drummond was a partner in the Ayr Bank , which crashed disastrously in 1772 , but his fortune survived . In 1775 Thomas Coutts took him into partnership , despite misgivings at his having been involved in the Ayr Bank collapse , but eventually had second thoughts and asked him to resign the partnership in 1780 .
He died in 1786 . He is buried with his wife , the Lady Catherine Powlett , in Greyfriars Kirkyard in Edinburgh close to the eastern path .
His heir was his nephew , John Drummond , who also succeeded him as MP for Shaftesbury .
References
Robert Beatson , A Chronological Register of Both Houses of Parliament ( London : Longman , Hurst , Res & Orme , 1807 )
1713 births
1786 deaths
Leiden University alumni
Scottish bankers
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Scottish constituencies
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
47th Regiment of Foot officers
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for St Ives
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
Burials at Greyfriars Kirkyard
Francis Irwin Osborne ( May 28 , 1853 – January 20 , 1920 ) was the Attorney General of North Carolina from 1893 to 1896 .
Biography
Francis Osborne was born in Charlotte , North Carolina on May 28 , 1853 . He attended Davidson College before reading law for 2 years in the offices of Richmond Mumford Pearson , Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court . Osborne was admitted to the North Carolina Bar in 1875 . At age 25 , he was elected mayor of the city of Charlotte . He was elected Attorney General of North Carolina in 1893 , but , defeated for reelection to the same office in 1896 . Osborne served a term as a State Senator from Mecklenburg County , North Carolina in the North Carolina General Assembly from 1898-1899 . He served on 9 standing Senate Committees . After 1899 , Osborne resumed his legal practice at the law firm of Osborne , Maxwell & Kearn . Though , himself , a Democrat , in 1901 Osborne defended both North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice David M. Furches and North Carolina Supreme Court Associate Justice Robert Martin Douglas during their impeachment hearings . Osborne was of the opinion that the Republican judges ' impeachments were unwarranted and an attempted political purge . Osborne 's brilliant speech before the North Carolina General Assembly in closing defense of the justices caused both to be acquitted . As reward for his successful defense of the justices , Theodore Roosevelt upon assuming office as President of the United States appointed Osborne a judge of the United States Court of Private Land Claims , on which he served from from 1901 to 1904 .
Francis Osborne died at his home in Charlotte on January 20 , 1920 .
References
1853 births
1920 deaths
20th-century American judges
Lawyers from Charlotte , North Carolina
Mayors of Charlotte , North Carolina
North Carolina Attorneys General
North Carolina Democrats
North Carolina state senators
United States Article I federal judges appointed by Theodore Roosevelt
United States Court of Private Land Claims judges
Spardorf is a small town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt , in Bavaria , Germany .
Mayor
The mayor of Spardorf is Andreas Wasielewski ( SPD ) , elected in March 2020 .
Recent Projects
The long-term project of the so-called 'Alte Ziegelei ' ( Old Brickyard ) has been finalised in 2018 , and the first store opened on the 25 October 2018 . This commercial area can provide many people within a large radius , preventing them from having to travel longer distances and making it very convenient .
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
The Harpactirinae ( commonly called baboon spiders ) are a subfamily of tarantulas which are native to the continent of Africa . Like many Old World tarantulas , they have a relatively strong venom , and can inflict a painful bite .
Description
Harpactirinae are ground-dwelling spiders which build silk-lined burrows , often under debris such as stones , using their fangs and chelicerae for digging . Habitats include savanna woodlands , grasslands , and dry scrublands .
Systematics
The following genera and species are present in the Harpactirinae . In addition , the genus Brachionopus ( Pocock , 1897 ) has been suggested for placement in this subfamily , but its taxonomy is currently disputed .
Augacephalus ( Gallon , 2002 )
Type species : Augacephalus breyeri
In synonymy :
Augacephalus nigrifemur ( Schmidt , 1995 ) = Augacephalus junodi
Augacephalus breyeri ( Hewitt , 1919 ) — Mozambique , South Africa , Eswatini
Augacephalus ezendami ( Gallon , 2001 ) — Mozambique , the Mozambique Gold [ en ] Baboon , Mozambique Half Moon Baboon
Augacephalus junodi ( Simon , 1904 ) — East , South Africa , the [ East African ] Bushveld Golden Brown Featherleg Baboon
Bacillochilus ( Gallon , 2010 ) [ monotypic ]
Bacillochilus xenostridulans ( Gallon , 2010 ) — Angola
Brachionopus ( Pocock , 1897 )
To quote Platnick 's World Spider Catalog v. 12.5 , `` N.B . : transferred here from the Barychelidae by Raven , 1985a : 112 ; Brachyonopus is an unjustified emendation ; Raven 's transfer was not accepted by Charpentier , 1993 : 5 or Schmidt , 2002a : 12 and 2008 : 3 , who nevertheless identified no close relatives of the genus among the known barychelids ; Gallon , 2002 : 204 argued for its inclusion in the Barychelidae but indicated that it `` does not fit in any current barychelid subfamily '' but later ( Gallon , 2010b : 79 ) considered it a harpactirine . `` .
In other words , its taxonomy is in dispute and the many recent workers do not consider it a theraphosid . All are found in South Africa .
Brachionopus annulatus ( Purcell , 1903 )
Brachionopus leptopelmiformis ( Strand , 1907 )
Brachionopus pretoriae ( Purcell , 1904 )
Brachionopus robustus ( Pocock , 1897 )
Brachionopus tristis ( Purcell , 1903 )
Ceratogyrus ( Pocock , 1897 ) [ Senior synonym of Coelogenium Purcell , 1902 ]
Type species : Ceratogyrus darlingi
Transferred to other genera :
Ceratogyrus ezendami → Augacephalus ezendami
Ceratogyrus nigrifemur → Augacephalus nigrifemur
Ceratogyrus raveni ( Smith , 1990 ) → Pterinochilus chordatus
In synonymy :
Ceratogyrus bechuanicus ( Purcell , 1902 ) and Ceratogyrus schultzei ( Purcell , 1908 ) = Ceratogyrus darlingi
Ceratogyrus cornuatus ( De Wet & Dippenaar-Schoeman , 1991 ) = Ceratogyrus marshalli
Ceratogyrus brachycephalus ( Hewitt , 1919 ) — Botswana , Zimbabwe , South Africa , the [ Botswanan ] Greater Horned Baboon
Ceratogyrus darlingi ( Pocock , 1897 ) — Zimbabwe , Mozambique , the [ Zimbabwean , African ] Rear Horned Baboon , Curved Horn Baboon
Ceratogyrus dolichocephalus ( Hewitt , 1919 ) — Zimbabwe
Ceratogyrus hillyardi ( Smith , 1990 ) — Malawi
Ceratogyrus marshalli ( Pocock , 1897 ) — Zimbabwe , Mozambique , the [ Zimbabwean ] Straight Horned Baboon
Ceratogyrus meridionalis ( Hirst , 1907 ) — Malawi , Mozambique , the [ Malawian ] , Zimbabwe { an } Gray Baboon
Ceratogyrus paulseni ( Gallon , 2005 ) — Republic of South Africa
Ceratogyrus pillansi ( Purcell , 1902 ) — Zimbabwe , Mozambique
Ceratogyrus sanderi ( Strand , 1906 ) — Namibia , Zimbabwe , the [ Namibian ] Sandy Horned Baboon
Eucratoscelus ( Pocock , 1898 )
Type species : Eucratoscelus constrictus
Transferred to other genera :
Eucratoscelus tenuitibialis ( Schmidt & Gelling , 2000 ) → Pterinochilus lugardi
In synonymy :
Eucratoscelus longiceps ( Pocock , 1898 ) and Eucratoscelus spinifer = Eucratoscelus constrictus
Eucratoscelus constrictus ( Gerstäcker , 1873 ) — Kenya , Tanzania
Eucratoscelus pachypus ( Schmidt & Von Wirth , 1990 ) — Tanzania
Harpactira ( Ausserer , 1871 )
Type species : Harpactira atra
Harpactira atra ( Latreille , 1832 ) — South Africa
Harpactira baviana ( Purcell , 1903 ) — South Africa
Harpactira cafreriana ( Walckenaer , 1837 ) — South Africa
Harpactira chrysogaster ( Pocock , 1897 ) — South Africa
Harpactira curator ( Pocock , 1898 ) — South Africa
Harpactira curvipes ( Pocock , 1897 ) — South Africa
Harpactira dictator ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactira gigas ( Pocock , 1898 ) — South Africa
Harpactira guttata ( Strand , 1907 ) — South Africa
Harpactira hamiltoni ( Pocock , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactira lineata ( Pocock , 1897 ) — South Africa
Harpactira lyrata ( Simon , 1892 ) — South Africa
Harpactira marksi ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactira namaquensis ( Purcell , 1902 ) — Namibia , South Africa
Harpactira pulchripes ( Pocock , 1901 ) — South Africa , the [ South African ] Golden Blue Leg { ged } Baboon , Slate Gray Leg ( ged ) Baboon
Harpactira tigrina ( Ausserer , 1875 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella ( Purcell , 1902 ) [ Senior synonym of Luphocemus { Denis , 1960 } ]
Type species : Harpactirella treleaveni
Transferred to other genera :
Harpactirella flavipilosa ( Lawrence , 1936 ) → Pterinochilus lugardi
Harpactirella latithorax ( Strand , 1908 ) → Euathlus vulpinus
Harpactirella leleupi ( Benoit , 1965 ) → Idiothele nigrofulva
Harpactirella domicola ( Purcell , 1903 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella helenae ( Purcell , 1903 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella insidiosa ( Denis , 1960 ) — Morocco ( Dubious )
Harpactirella karrooica ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella lapidaria ( Purcell , 1908 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella lightfooti ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella longipes ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella magna ( Purcell , 1903 ) — South Africa
[ [ Harpactirella overdijki ] ] ( Gallon , 2010 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella schwarzi ( Purcell , 1904 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella spinosa ( Purcell , 1908 ) — South Africa
Harpactirella treleaveni ( Purcell , 1902 ) — South Africa
Idiothele ( Hewitt , 1919 )
Type species : Idiothele nigrofulva
In synonymy :
Idiothele crassispina ( Purcell , 1902 ) and Idiothele leleupi ( Benoit , 1965 ) = Idiothele nigrofulva
Idiothele mira ( Gallon , 2010 ) - South Africa , the South African Blue Footed Trapdoor Baboon
Idiothele nigrofulva ( Pocock , 1898 ) — Southern Africa
Pterinochilus ( Pocock , 1897 ) [ Senior synonym of Pterinochilides { Strand , 1920 } ]
Type species : Pterinochilus vorax
Transferred to other genera :
Pterinochilus breyeri → Augacephalus breyeri
Pterinochilus constrictus and Pterinochilus spinifer → Eucratoscelus constrictus
Pterinochilus crassispinus and Pterinochilus nigrofulvus → Idiothele nigrofulva
Pterinochilus junodi and Pterinochilus nigrifemur → Augacephalus junodi
Pterinochilus meridionalis → Ceratogyrus meridionalis
Pterinochilus schoenlandi → Trichognathella schoenlandi
In synonymy :
Pterinochilus affinis ( Tullgren , 1910 ) , Pterinochilus brunellii ( Caporiacco , 1940 ) , Pterinochilus carnivorus ( Strand , 1917 ) , Pterinochilus raptor ( Strand , 1906 ) , Pterinochilus raveni ( Smith , 1990 ) , Pterinochilus sjostedti ( Tullgren , 1910 ) , and Pterinochilus widenmanni ( Strand , 1906 ) = Pterinochilus chordatus
Pterinochilus flavipilosus ( Lawrence , 1936 ) , Pterinochilus pluridentatus ( Hewitt , 1919 ) , and Pterinochilus tenuitibialis = Pterinochilus lugardi
Pterinochilus hindei ( Hirst , 1907 ) , Pterinochilus leetzi ( Schmidt , 2002 ) , and Pterinochilus mamillatus ( Strand , 1906 ) = Pterinochilus murinus
Pterinochilus mutus ( Strand , 1920 ) , Pterinochilus obenbergeri ( Strand , 1920 ) , and Pterinochilus occidentalis ( Strand , 1920 ) = Pterinochilus simoni
Pterinochilus alluaudi ( Berland , 1914 ) — Kenya
Pterinochilus andrewsmithi ( Gallon , 2009 ) — Northwestern Kenya
Pterinochilus chordatus ( Gerstäcker , 1873 ) — East Africa , the Kilimanjaro Mustard Baboon
Pterinochilus cryptus ( Gallon , 2008 ) — Angola
Pterinochilus lapalala ( Gallon & Engelbrecht , 2011 ) — Waterberg mountains of Limpopo Province , South Africa
Pterinochilus lugardi ( Pocock , 1900 ) — Eastern and Southern Africa , the Dodoma Fort Hall Baboon
Pterinochilus murinus ( Pocock , 1897 ) — Angola , Central , Eastern , Southern Africa , the Usumbara Orange Baboon , Mombasa Golden Starburst [ Baboon ] , `` OBT ''
Pterinochilus raygabrieli ( Gallon , 2009 ) — Southcentral Kenya
Pterinochilus simoni ( Berland , 1917 ) — Angola , Congo
Pterinochilus vorax ( Pocock , 1897 ) — Angola , Central , East Africa
Trichognathella ( Gallon , 2004 ) [ Monotypic ? ]
Trichognathella schoenlandi ( Pocock , 1900 ) — South Africa
References
External links
Norman I. Platnick : The World Spider Catalog , American Museum of Natural History .
www.baboonspiders.de Baboon spiders Systematic Taxonomy
www.baboonspiders.de Key of the genera of the subfamily Harpactirinae
Theraphosidae
Spiders of Africa
Spider subfamilies
Raimundas Labuckas ( born February 9 , 1984 ) is a Lithuanian sprint canoeist who has competed since 2005 . He won four medals in the C-2 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds ( 2009 , 2010 ) and two bronzes ( 2006 , 2007 ) .
Labuckas also competed in the C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , but was eliminated in the semifinals .
In 2013 Labuckas officially ended his career and stated that he was willing to use all his experience by being a coach .
References
Canoe09.ca profile
Sports-reference.com profile
1984 births
Canoeists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Lithuanian male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Lithuania
Sportspeople from Vilnius
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
The XIV Racquetball European Championship was held in Brembate ( Italy ) from July 28 to August 4 , 2007 , with six men 's national teams and four women 's national teams in competition . On August 1 started the individual competition .
The venue was the Centro Sportivo Comunale di Brembate , in Brembate ( Bergamo ) , with 2 regulation racquetball courts . The 6 men 's teams were Belgium , Catalonia , Germany , Ireland , Italy and The Netherlands and the 3 women 's teams were Catalonia , Germany and Ireland . More than 50 players were in the singles , doubles , junior and senior competitions .
The opening ceremony was on July 28 with the Vice President of European Racquetball Federation , Mike Mesecke , and the President of Racquetball Italia , Marco Arnoldi , in attendance .
Men 's national teams competition
First round
Final round
Semifinals
5th and 6th places
3rd and 4th places
FINAL
Men 's teams final standings
Women 's national teams competition
Women 's teams final standings
Individual men 's competition
Individual women 's competition
See also
European Racquetball Championships
External links
Results for the men 's teams competition ERF website
Results for the women 's teams competition ERF website
European Racquetball Federation
European Racquetball Championships
Racquetball
Racquetball in Italy
2007 in Italian sport
International sports competitions hosted by Italy
Bernhard Cathrinus Paus ( 9 November 1910 – 9 February 1999 ) was a Norwegian orthopedic surgeon and humanitarian .
He participated in humanitarian work during the Winter War in Finland , during the 1940 Norwegian Campaign and during the Korean War , when he served as chief surgeon of the Norwegian Mobile Army Surgical Hospital . He was also the chief physician of the Norwegian Armed Forces ( 1951–1958 ) and President of the Norwegian Association for Military Medicine ( 1954–1955 ) . He was a senior consultant and managing director of the Martina Hansen Hospital in Bærum ( 1964–1980 ) . He was Grand Master of the Norwegian Order of Freemasons from 1969 to 1990 .
He was married to the noted humanitarian Brita Collett Paus , and they introduced the hospice concept in Norway .
Biography
Born in Oslo , he was a member of the Drammen branch of the Paus family and the son of a surgeon and President of the Norwegian Red Cross , Nikolai Nissen Paus .
He finished medical school in 1936 and served as an officer during the Winter War in Finland and the war in Norway in 1940 . Later he served in the Korean War , reaching the rank of lieutenant colonel . From 1951 to 1958 he served as chief physician of the Norwegian Armed Forces , and from 1964 to 1980 he was the director of the Martina Hansen Hospital in Bærum .
He was chairman of the Norwegian Association for Military Medicine ( 1954–55 ) and President of the Nordic Orthopaedic Federation ( 1974–76 ) .
His wife , Brita Collett Paus ( née Collett ) , founded the Catholic charitable organization Fransiskushjelpen in Norway . She was the daughter of Axel Collett , a co-owner of the Firma Albert Collett company , one of the largest land-owners in Norway . They had six children , including politician Lucie Paus Falck , surgeon Albert Collett Paus and businessman and investor Nikolai Bent Paus . He died in Agadir , Morocco .
His brother , lawyer and businessman Vilhelm Christian Paus ( born 1915 ) , was married to his wife 's sister , Anne Collett ( born 1918 ) .
Titles and honours
Military ranks
1951–1953 Major
1953–1999 Lieutenant-colonel
Honours
Knight First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav ( 1980 )
Knight of the Order of Charles XIII ( Sweden )
Order of Vasa ( Sweden , 1942 )
Decoration of honour of the Norwegian Red Cross
Order of the Cross of Liberty with Sword ( Finland )
United Nations Korea Medal
Bronze Star Medal ( United States )
Order of Diplomatic Service Merit of Korea
Other
Honorary member of the Danish Order of Freemasons
References
Norwegian orthopedic surgeons
Norwegian humanitarians
Norwegian military doctors
Knights of the Order of Charles XIII
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Liberty
Physicians from Oslo
Bernhard
1910 births
1999 deaths
20th-century Norwegian physicians
20th-century surgeons
David Stewart ( 1 June 1772 – 1829 ) was a Scottish soldier and later author and antiquarian , whose book , Sketches of the Character , Manners , and Present State of the Highlanders of Scotland published in two volumes by Archibald Constable and Co in Edinburgh in 1822 , was responsible for largely creating the modern image of the Highlander , the clans and Scottish regiments and is considered the foundation for all subsequent work on highlanders , clans and Scottish regiments system .
Stewart was an Major General in the Black Watch regiment . In 1819 , he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh . His proposers were Lord Gray , Sir George Steuart Mackenzie and Sir David Brewster .
Personal life
Stewart was born at Drumcharry House , Fortingall on 1 June 1772 , the second son of Robert Stewart of Garth , Perthshire , and was descended from James Stewart ( grandson of Robert II ) who built Garth Castle , north-west of Aberfeldy , as a home for the chieftain of Clan Stewart of Atholl at the end of the fourteenth century . His mother was Janet Stewart of Kynachan , who died when he was 13 . In July 1822 , after publishing his book , he succeeded to the estate of Garth by the death of his elder brother . When George IV visited Edinburgh in August 1822 , Stewart helped Sir Walter Scott in the reception arrangements , headed the Celtic club in the procession , adjusted the royal plaid for the levée , and pronounced the king ‘ a very pretty man ' ( Lockhart ) . He was promoted to major-general on 27 May 1825 , and in 1829 he was appointed governor of Saint Lucia . On 18 December 1829 he died of fever on St Lucia .
Military life
He was given a commission as ensign in the 77th , ( Atholl Highlanders ) on 21 April 1783 , but that regiment was disbanded soon afterwards . He joined the 42nd highlanders ( later Black Watch ) on 10 August 1787 , and became lieutenant on 8 August 1792 , and captain-lieutenant on 24 June 1796 . He served with the 42nd in Flanders in 1794 during the French Revolutionary Wars under the Duke of York , and went with it to the West Indies in October 1795 . As part of the Napoleonic wars , he took part in the capture of the French colonies of St. Lucia and St. Vincent . He was also in the unsuccessful expedition against Porto Rico ( Battle of San Juan ) in 1797 .
Stewart returned to Europe with his regiment , and garrison at Gibraltar . Stewart embarked there with the expedition which resulted in the capture of Minorca in November 1798 ( Capture of Minorca ( 1798 ) ) . But he was taken prisoner at sea , and was detained for a total of five months in Spain before he was exchanged . He went to Egypt with Abercromby 's expedition ( ( Egyption expedition ) ) , and was severely wounded at the battle of Alexandria on 21 March 1801 . Three months before this , on 15 December 1800 , he had obtained a company in the 90th ( Perthshire volunteers ) , but he returned to the 42nd on 23 July 1802 .
He obtained a majority in the 78th highlanders , on 17 April 1804 , by raising recruits for the second battalion which was then being formed , a thing which his popularity in the highlands made easy to him . His men were so much attached to him that when he was at Shorncliffe army barracks , in the following year , Sir John Moore interposed to prevent his being sent to India to join the 1st battalion . He went with the 2nd battalion to the Mediterranean in September 1805 , and shared in the descent on Calabria . At Maida , on 4 July 1806 , under General John Stuart , he commanded a battalion of light companies and ensuring the defeat of the French under Jean Reynier outside the town . He was again severely wounded . He was appointed lieutenant-colonel of the West India rangers on 21 April 1808 , and took part in the capture of Guadaloupe in 1810 . He received a medal with one clasp for this and the operation at Maida , and in 1815 he was awarded Companion of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath He was promoted colonel in the army on 4 June 1814 , and in the following year he was placed on half-pay .
Book
In 1817 , the officer commanding the 42nd , applied to Stewart for information regarding the history of the regiment , as its records had been lost . The inquiries which were undertaken by the request gradually developed into the Sketches of the Character ... book , which was published in two volumes at Edinburgh in 1822 . John Stuart Blackie stated of the book :
whose excellence shines forth on every page ,
has been the foundation of all subsequent works on the clans . The first two parts of it , dealing with the country and the people , occupy about half of the first volume ; the remainder is devoted the annals of Scottish regiments .
Remarks on Colonel Stewart 's Sketches of the Highlanders
were published at Edinburgh in 1823 , admitting its merits , but objecting to its Jacobite sympathies . Stewart had thoughts of writing a history of the rebellion of 1745 , but gave it up .
References
1772 births
1829 deaths
Scottish writers
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland
Public Advocate of the United States is an organization founded in either 1978 or 1981 ( disputed ) by Eugene Delgaudio . It advocates religious conservative policies in American politics . The Southern Poverty Law Center has designated the organization as a hate group for its anti-gay activism .
Platform
The organization 's platform includes :
A federal traditional marriage ( man-woman ) amendment to the Constitution to defend traditional marriage from assaults from those who claim to promote `` same-sex marriage '' ;
School prayer and the freedom of religious expression in public places ;
Faith-based and community initiatives ;
Pro-life legislation ;
The promotion and protection of the Boy Scouts , organized sports and other activities that reinforce morality , accountability and leadership in our youth ;
Tax cuts , reduction in spending by the federal government and the exposure of wasteful `` pork barrel '' spending for the benefit of liberal special interests or for social engineering for worse ;
Equality under the law , without regard to color , race , creed , sex or religious beliefs .
Principals
Eugene Delgaudio , founder and President
Mark Clayton , Vice President and 2012 Tennessee Democratic Party nominee for U.S. Senate
In 2005 , Delgadio said that he was the only full-time employee of the organization . On its 2010 tax form , Public Advocate reported $ 1.07 million in total revenue , and that it paid $ 158,682 to Eugene Delgaudio & Associates , as an independent contractor .
Anti-gay activism
In early 2012 , the organization was designated as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) , on the basis of its anti-gay activism .
In September 2012 , the SPLC sued Public Advocate in Denver , Colorado , federal court over a mailer sent to some Colorado primary voters in 2010 . The SPLC 's client was a gay couple who were married in a civil ceremony in Connecticut . The mailer included a modified version of the couple 's engagement photo , taken of them kissing with the Brooklyn Bridge as a backdrop . The photo had been copied without permission from the couple 's blog and edited to appear as if they were kissing with snow-covered pine trees surrounding them , with bold words on a red background saying `` State Senator Jean White 's idea of `` Family Values ? '' . '' In April 2014 , a judge ruled that Public Advocate had not legally misappropriated the image , but that there was a plausible copyright infringement ; in June 2014 , the parties settled , with the photographer paid $ 2,501 .
In March 2014 , Public Advocate 's attorney submitted a subpoena request seeking detailed information from the SPLC about the criteria , research , and decision process that was used to issue the `` hate group '' designation .
In August 2016 , a reporter for the Washington Free Beacon wrote that `` A typical press release from Public Advocate calmly asserts that 'homosexuals ' who 'run rampant over the country ' are working to create ' a nation where police are forced by gay `` rights '' laws to allow sexual predators like `` Uncle Ed '' Savitz and Jeffrey Dahmer to rape and murder young boys in the streets . ' ''
See also
List of organizations designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as anti-gay hate groups
References
External links
Public Advocate USA official site
Organizations established in 1981
1981 establishments in the United States
Organizations that oppose LGBT rights in the United States
Conservative organizations in the United States
Thiago de Oliveira Perpétuo ( born December 14 , 1986 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who last competed in 2015 . A professional since 2009 , he has competed for the UFC , XFC , and was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter : Brazil .
Mixed martial arts career
The Ultimate Fighter
In March 2012 , Perpétuo appeared as a fighter on The Ultimate Fighter : Brazil . Perpétuo defeated Joao Paulo De Souza via decision to move into the Ultimate Fighter house , and become an official cast member , fighting for Team Vitor .
In the first round of the competition , Perpétuo fought Francisco Trinaldo . Perpétuo won the fight via TKO ( retirement ) to move onto the semi-final round . Later , Dana White demanded that the teams be scrambled up and Perpétuo was sent to Team Wanderlei . He then faced eventual winner Cezar Ferreira for a spot in the final against Daniel Sarafian . He was defeated by Ferreira via KO ( head kick ) in round one .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Perpétuo made his UFC debut on June 23 , 2012 at UFC 147 against Leonardo Mafra . He won the fight via TKO in the third round .
Perpétuo was expected to face Michael Kuiper on January 19 , 2013 at UFC on FX 7 . However Perpetuo suffered an injury and was replaced by Caio Magalhaes .
Perpetuo made his return at UFC Fight Night 32 where he faced UFC newcomer Omari Akhmedov He lost the back-and-forth fight via knockout in the first round . Despite the loss on his record , Perpetuo was awarded a Fight of the Night bonus for this bout .
Perpetuo faced Kenny Robertson in a welterweight bout on March 23 , 2014 at UFC Fight Night 38 . He lost the fight via submission in the first round , and was subsequently released from the promotion shortly after .
Championships and awards
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night ( One time ) vs. Omari Akhmedov
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–4–1
|Alberto Uda
|TKO ( knee )
|XFC i 13
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:19
|São Paulo , Brazil
|Return to Middleweight .
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–3–1
|Kenny Robertson
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|UFC Fight Night : Shogun vs. Henderson 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:45
|Natal , Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–2–1
|Omari Akhmedov
|KO ( punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Belfort vs. Henderson
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:31
|Goiânia , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1–1
|Leonardo Mafra
|TKO ( punches )
|UFC 147
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|0:41
|Belo Horizonte , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1–1
|Edgar Castaldelli Filho
|TKO ( punches )
|Max Fight 9
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:10
|Campinas , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–1–1
|Willians Santos
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Jungle Fight 26
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–1–1
|Thiago Tenorio
|TKO ( punches )
|Conquest Fighting Championships
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|N/A
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–1–1
|Luis Matoso
|TKO ( punches )
|Jungle Fight 20
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|2:12
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Draw
|align=center|4–1–1
|Luis Matoso
|Draw
|Jungle Fight 19
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Moema , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–1
|Rafael Navas
|TKO ( punches )
|Iron Fight Championship 1
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:53
|São Caetano do Sul , Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|3–1
|Danilo Pereira
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|Full Fight 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:46
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Fernando Silva
|TKO ( punches )
|Real Fight 7
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:20
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Alvaro Salles
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|Tan Lan Fight 9
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:59
|São Caetano do Sul , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Deschanael Deschanael
|KO ( punch )
|Tan Lan Fight 9
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:23
|São Caetano do Sul , Brazil
|
Mixed martial arts exhibition record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|2–1
| Cezar Ferreira
|KO ( head kick )
|The Ultimate Fighter : Brazil
|N/A
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 1:22
|Brazil
|Fought at 185
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
| Francisco Trinaldo
|TKO ( retirement )
|The Ultimate Fighter : Brazil
|N/A
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 5:00
|Brazil
|Fought at 185
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
| Joao Paulo De Souza
|Decision ( unanimous )
|The Ultimate Fighter : Brazil
|N/A
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 5:00
|Brazil
|Fought at 185
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
1986 births
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Brazilian Muay Thai practitioners
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People from Santo André , São Paulo
Sportspeople from São Paulo ( state )
PCTE can refer to :
Portable Common Tool Environment , an ISO standard ( ISO/IEC 13719 ) and ECMA standard ( ECMA-149 ) for exchanging data between Computer-aided software engineering ( CASE ) tools
Punjab College of Technical Education , a Management and technical education institution in Ludhiana , Punjab , India
Communist Party of the Workers of Spain ( Partido Comunista de los Trabajadores de España ) , a Spanish political party .
The African Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships is a continental sports rhythmic gymnastics competition held every two years and organized by African Gymnastics Association .
Summary of championships
References
Gymnastics competitions
African championships
Recurring sporting events established in 2000
Georgios Christodoulou ( ) ( born August 22 , 1965 ) is a former international Cypriot football defender .
He played for Omonia , Olympiacos and APOEL .
External links
1965 births
Living people
Super League Greece players
APOEL FC players
AC Omonia players
Olympiacos F.C . players
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Greek Cypriot people
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Nicosia
Rajeev Shukla ( born 13 September 1959 ) is an Indian politician , former journalist , political commentator and the former chairman of Indian Premier League . Following the scandal over alleged corruption and spot-fixing in the IPL , Shukla resigned as its chairman on 1 June 2013 . In 2015 , he was re-appointed unanimously as the Chairman of IPL by the BCCI . On 18 Dec 2020 , he was elected Vice President of BCCI unopposed .
Early life
Rajeev Shukla was born on 13 September 1959 in Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh . He was educated at Pandit Prithi Nath College , Kanpur and at Christ Church College , Kanpur . He then studied law at Vikramajit Singh Sanatan Dharma College , Kanpur . Before entering politics , he was a reporter for Hindi daily Jansatta . Shukla held this job until 1985 , when he became a special correspondent for Ravivar Magazine . He was hired as a senior editor and he continued in that job until being elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2000 . He has now joined the Indian National Congress
Political activities
Running as a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Loktantrik Congress Party , Shukla won by a large margin . In 2003 , his party merged with the Indian National Congress , and Shukla was appointed as a congress party spokesperson . He was nominated as a secretary to the India Congress Committee in January 2006 . In March 2006 , Shukla was elected for a second term .
References
External links
The Indian Express : Columnists > Rajeev Shukla
http : //www.dnaindia.com/india/report_now-congress-slips-on-ipl-muck-srk-link-with-rajiv-shukla-emerges_1374686
Indian male journalists
Indian National Congress politicians from Maharashtra
1959 births
Living people
People from Kanpur
Indian cricket administrators
Rajya Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
Rajya Sabha members from Maharashtra
Members of the Board of Control for Cricket in India
Akhil Bharatiya Loktantrik Congress politicians
Fields Point is a peninsula in Colleton County , South Carolina , that has been part of plantation lands and was fortified during the American Civil War . It includes an area of high ground along a bend in the Combahee River and is named for the Fields family that owned a plantation on the property . The area saw action during the American Civil War including during the raid on Combahee Ferry that involved Harriet Tubman . The area now includes a county owned boat landing . Surrounding land is owned by the Cheeha-Combahee Plantation .
The area was largely abandoned for a time .
The Dai-Ching reportedly grounded at Fields Point during the night after it was abandoned and set alight .
References
Colleton County , South Carolina
Peninsulas of South Carolina
The Athena Promachos ( , `` Athena who fights in the front line '' ) was a colossal bronze statue of Athena sculpted by Pheidias , which stood between the Propylaea and the Parthenon on the Acropolis of Athens . Athena was the tutelary deity of Athens and the goddess of wisdom and warriors . Pheidias also sculpted two other figures of Athena on the Acropolis , the huge gold and ivory ( `` chryselephantine '' ) cult image of Athena Parthenos in the Parthenon and the Lemnian Athena .
The designation Athena Promachos is not attested before a dedicatory inscription of the early fourth century CE ; Pausanias ( 1.28.2 ) referred to it as `` the great bronze Athena '' on the Acropolis .
History
The Athena Promachos was one of the earliest recorded works by Pheidias and was originally a well-known and famous Athenian landmark . According to the Greek traveler and geographer , Pausanias , the top of Athena 's helmet as well as the tip of her spear could be seen by sailors and anyone approaching Athens from Attica , at Sounion . It originally stood between the Erechtheion and the Propylaea .
Erected around 456 BCE , the Athena Promachos was either to memorialize the Battle of Marathon or the Persian Wars which is possibly what the dedicatory inscription refers to ; this inscription also mentions that the trophies won in the Persian War were once placed around the pedestal of the statue ( Raubitschek , A. E. , and Gorham P. Stevens ) . It took somewhere near nine years to construct . According to the Greek Byzantine historian Niketas Choniates , the Athena Promachos stood at around tall . It is known that the statue was to be a 'thanks ' after war but there are many disagreements about which war . It has also been suggested that the Athena Promachos may have been a cult statue . For a long time there was speculation if the Athena Promachos even existed , however most scholars now agree that it did as there is proof from Roman coins that depict it .
Surviving accounts for the creation process for the sculpture cover nine years , but the dates are not identifiable , because the names of officials are missing . The sculpture may have commemorated Kimon 's defeat of the Persians at the Eurymedon in 467 or the peace of Kallias in approximately 450 or 449 .
Made entirely of bronze , the Athena Promachos was spoken of as both 'the bronze Athena ' and 'the great bronze Athena , ' in ancient times . The term 'Promachos ' meaning 'fighting before ' or 'in front of ' was not originally used when referring to the statue ; this nickname came later , most notably being used by Zosimus .
Athena Promachos stood overlooking her city for approximately 1000 years , until shortly after 465 CE , when the sculpture was transported to Constantinople ( capital of the Eastern Roman Empire ) as a trophy in the `` Oval Forum '' , which became the last bastion and safe haven for many surviving Greek bronze sculptures under the protection of the Eastern Empire 's Imperial court . Niketas Choniates documented a riot taking place in the Forum of Constantine in Constantinople in 1203 CE where a large , bronze , statue of Athena was destroyed by a `` drunken crowd '' which is now thought to have been the Athena Promachos . Of surviving models thought to represent the type , the two outstanding ones are the Athena Elgin , a small bronze statuette in the Metropolitan Museum of Art , who bears an owl in her outstretched hand ( as among some coin types ) , and the Athena Medici torso in the Musée du Louvre , of which there are a number of replicas .
Iconography
The engravings on the shield which Athena is holding were originally drafted by the great Greek painter , Parrhasius ( painter ) of Ephesus . Although he drafted them , the engravings were physically done by an engraver named Mys . The engravings were not done during the time the statue was being made but actually added after . A 'molding pit ' from the fifth century BCE was found near the south side of the Acropolis and it is thought that the statue was made in a nearby workshop .
Niketas gives a vivid description of the Athena Parthenos :
Similar depictions
Athena Parthenos , another lost colossal statue that was originally located inside the Parthenon . Made by Phidias .
Lemnian Athena , classical Greek statue also made by Phidias .
Varvakeion Athena , a 3rd-century Roman copy of the Athena Parthenos .
Coinage depictions
The very first specific archaistic Athena Promachos coin image was depicted on coins that were issued by Alexander the Great in 326 . One side of this coin depicts Heracles while the other side shows the god , Zeus , with Athena by his knee ready to fight with her spear in her right hand and a shield held in her left . Around ten years later , the Athena Promachos appears on coins issued by Ptolemy in Alexandria before taking the title of king around 315 BCE .
Attic coins from the second and third centuries CE shows the only known images of Phidias ' Athena Promachos . On one side is the depiction of the view of the Acropolis from the north . Between the Propylaia and the Erechtheion , there is large female statue of Athena facing towards the west . As these images place the statue of the Athena Promachos in this specific location , there is no doubt that it existed .
There is another group of provincial Roman coins that depict the bust of Athena alone . In this depiction she is wearing a Corinthian helmet with a `` wave '' of hair upon her forehead . These coins date from the first half of the second century CE to the second half of the third century CE and are considered to be the most common . Since more coinage depictions of Athena wearing a Corinthian helmet have been found as opposed to those that depict her with an Attic helmet , it is thought that the Corinthian were a more popular representation .
Notes
References
John Boardman and David Finn , The Parthenon and its Sculpture
J. J. Pollitt , 2nd ed. , 1990 . The Art of Ancient Greece : Sources and Documents ( Cambridge University Press )
Jenifer Neils , ed. , The Parthenon : From Antiquity to the Present
The Temple of Athena Nike at the Acropolis : Bibliography of the temple and the Athena Promachos
R.J.H.Jenkins , 1947 . `` The Bronze Athena at Byzantium '' , Journal of Hellenic Studies 67 pp 31–33 .
Roy George , `` Athena Promachos ( Pheidias ) '' : interpreting documentation of a Roman coin . Reconstructions of urbanistic context .
The pre-Phidian type of Athena Promachos , armed , striding forward , spear at the ready : votive bronze , ca 480 BCE ( Archaeological Museum of Athens )
External links
5th-century BC religious buildings and structures
Acropolis of Athens
Sculptures by Phidias
Promach
Battle of Marathon
Ancient Greek military art
Ancient Greek and Roman colossal statues
Sculptures of Athena
Luiz Eduardo Garagorri ( born May 28 , 1989 ) is an Uruguayan mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division . He competed for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Background
Son of a Brazilian father and an Uruguayan mother , Garagorri spends most of his time in Santana do Livramento , a Brazilian city that 's on the other side of the border from the Uruguayan city of Rivera . Garagorri has been fighting professionally since 2015 , when he decided to quit his job as a lawyer at his mother 's law firm to dedicate himself full time to martial arts .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Starting his career in 2015 , Garagorri compiled a perfect 12–0 record fighting for a variety of regional Uruguayan and Brazilian promotions , before he was scouted by the UFC for their first event in Uruguay at UFC Fight Night : Shevchenko vs. Carmouche 2 .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Garagorri made his UFC debut against Humberto Bandenay on August 10 , 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 14 . He won the fight via unanimous decision .
Garagorri faced Ricardo Ramos on November 16 , 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 22 . He lost the fight via a rear-naked choke in round one .
A featherweight bout between Mirsad Bektić and Luiz Eduardo Garagorri was scheduled for UFC Fight Night : Covington vs. Woodley . However , Garagorri was pulled from the fight on September 15 after one of his cornermen tested positive for COVID-19 . Bektić faced returning veteran Damon Jackson .
Garagorri faced Darren Elkins on November 7 , 2020 at UFC on ESPN : Santos vs. Teixeira . He lost the fight via a submission in round three .
On December 8 , 2020 , it was announced that the UFC had released him .
Post-UFC career
Garagorri faced the undefeated William de Tarcio at Brazilian Fighting Series 10 on May 29 , 2022 . Garagorri won the bout , stopping Tarcio via TKO stoppage in the first round .
Mixed martial arts record
| Win
|align=center| 14–2
|William de Tarcio
|TKO ( punches )
|Brazilian Fighting Series 10
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:41
|São Paulo , Brazil
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–2
| Darren Elkins
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|UFC on ESPN : Santos vs. Teixeira
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|2:22
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–1
| Ricardo Ramos
| Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|UFC Fight Night : Błachowicz vs. Jacaré
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:57
|São Paulo , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–0
| Humberto Bandenay
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Shevchenko vs. Carmouche 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Montevideo , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–0
| Stevens Diogo
| Submission ( rear-naked choke )
| UDC Internacional : Duelo de Leones 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:37
| Rivera , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|11–0
| Agustin Marquez Tejera
| TKO ( punches )
| Fronteira Fight 5
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:30
| Santana do Livramento , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|10–0
| Pablo Sepulveda
| Submission ( heel hook )
| UDC Internacional : Duelo de Leones International
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Rivera , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|9–0
| Jose Trindade
| Submission
| MMA International 2018 : Reyno vs. Kakiuchi
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:40
| Punta del Este , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|8–0
| Rafael Raul Peluffo Cossio
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
| Rivera Xtreme Challenge 2
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:30
| Rivera , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Daniel Ferreira dos Santos
| Submission ( rear-naked choke )
| International Thai Stadium 2
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:02
| Santana do Livramento , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Nilton Gaviao
| Decision ( unanimous )
| X-Fest MMA 9
|
|align=Center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Porto Alegre , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Vinicius Trindade
| TKO ( punches )
| Fronteira Fight 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:50
| Santana do Livramento , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Victor Rodriguez
| Submission ( arm-triangle choke )
| Duelo de Leones
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:30
| Rivera , Uruguay
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Manuel Boris
| Decision ( unanimous )
| Final Conflict Championship 10
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Cordoba , Argentina
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Edson da Rosa
| TKO ( punches )
| Fronteira Fight 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:40
| Santana do Livramento , Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Giuliano Primaz
| TKO ( kick to the body and punches )
| Fronteira Fight 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:25
| Santana do Livramento , Brazil
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Uruguayan people of Brazilian descent
Uruguayan male mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
People from Santana do Livramento
Devendra Satyarthi ( 28 May 1908 – 2003 ) was an Indian folklorist and writer of Hindi , Urdu , Punjabi literature . Born at Bhaduar ( Barnala ) he did not complete his education and started travelling from 1927 collecting folk songs which he published in his first folk song anthology in 1935 under the name Giddha , which is considered by many as a seminal work .
Satyarthi published over 50 books composed of novels , short stories , poems , essays and folksong anthologies in Urdu , Hindi and Punjabi languages , but reportedly on advice from Rabindranath Tagore , he wrote mostly in Punjabi language towards the end . Mere Saakshatkaar , Miss Folklore , Meet My People - Indian Folk Poetry , Pañjābī loka-sāhita wica sainika , Lanka Desa hai Kolambu , Brahmaputra , and Rath ke Pahiye are some of his notable works .
A winner of the Hindi Sahitya Sadhna Samman , Satyarthi was awarded the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1977 . He died on 12 February 2003 , at the age of 94 , succumbing to old age illnesses . Pancham , a monthly magazine published from Lahore , brought out a 300-page special issue on him in April 2003 and his life has been documented in a biography , Satyarthi – Ik Dant-katha , written by Nirmal Arpan .
See also
Folklore of India
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in literature & education
1908 births
2003 deaths
People from Sangrur
Punjabi people
Indian folklorists
Indian male novelists
Indian male essayists
Indian male short story writers
20th-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian essayists
20th-century Indian short story writers
Writers from Punjab , India
20th-century Indian male writers
is a 2008 anime television series created by Madhouse based on 5pb . and Nitroplus 's video game of the same name , and is part of the Science Adventure franchise . It is set in Shibuya , Tokyo , and follows Takumi Nishijo , a high school student who develops paranoia and delusions after having witnessed one of a series of murders . He meets several girls who have an interest in him , and who he suspects might have a connection to the murders . He eventually learns of the existence of people with the power to project delusions onto others ' minds , and of an organization using a machine to do so artificially for their own gain .
The series was directed by Takaaki Ishiyama , with Toshiki Inoue handling series composition , Hidekazu Shimamura designing the characters based on CHOCO and Mutsumi Sasaki 's original concept and tOkyO composing the music . It has been released on home media by VAP in Japan , Funimation in North America , Madman Entertainment in Australia , and Manga Entertainment in the United Kingdom . Reviewers have been mostly critical of the story ; while some still found it engaging , it was generally considered confusing . The animation and visuals received a wide range of opinions from critics , while the series ' soundtrack received praise .
Plot
Chaos ; Head follows Takumi Nishijo , a high school student living in a cargo crate atop a building in Shibuya , Tokyo . One day , he is sent pictures over the internet , depicting a murder in an alley ; he later witnesses a murder resembling the one in the pictures , and believes the killer to be a pink-haired girl he sees at the crime scene . Because of his presence at the scene of the crime , he is suspected of being the murderer , and develops paranoia and experiencing delusions . More murders – referred to as the New Generation serial murders – occur , while Takumi meets a number of girls who have an interest in him , but who he suspects of being linked to the murders . One of them is the pink-haired girl , named Rimi , who claims to be friends with him despite him not having any previous memory of her .
Takumi learns of the existence of people called `` gigalomaniacs '' , who can use special powers to project delusions onto others ' minds ; they can also project delusions into reality , which is referred to as `` real-booting '' . Takumi and several of the girls he met are revealed to be such individuals , and can use illusory `` Di-Sword '' weapons projected into reality . The Nozomi Group in Shibuya is revealed to have created a synthetic gigalomaniac machine called the Noah II , which they use for their own gain , causing people to panic from experiencing delusions . Takumi learns that he is an artificial delusional clone with fabricated memories , created by the real Takumi to stop the Nozomi Group from taking over humanity . He did this as his body had been aged from overuse of gigalomaniac powers , hindering him from stopping the Nozomi Group personally . Takumi reveals the nurse Hazuki as the criminal behind the murders by projecting her memories onto screens on buildings , and destroys the Noah II and Nozomi 's president with his Di-Sword . The real Takumi dies , leaving Takumi to take his place and keep on living .
Cast
Production and release
Chaos ; Head is an adaptation of the video game of the same name , which was developed by 5pb . and Nitroplus . The series was directed by Takaaki Ishiyama at the animation studio Madhouse , with character design by Shuichi Shimamura and script supervision by Toshiki Inoue . Takeshi Abo , the composer for the Chaos ; Head video game , was credited for the anime 's soundtrack , but did not have a large role in the anime 's production . The opening theme is `` F.D.D . '' by Kanako Itō and the ending theme is `` Super Special '' by Seira Kagami .
The series was announced in July 2008 through the magazines Dengeki Daioh and Monthly Comic Alive , and premiered on Japanese television on October 15 , 2008 , airing weekly for twelve episodes until the series finale on December 31 , 2008 , on Chiba TV , TV Saitama , TVK , Tokyo MX , and Kids Station . It was released by VAP in DVD volumes in Japan , starting on March 4 , 2009 ; the first DVD volume was the fourteenth best selling animation DVD in Japan during its release week . Funimation acquired the license for the North American rights for the series in 2010 , and released it on DVD and Blu-ray on November 29 , 2011 , in both a limited edition and a regular release ; a budget-priced re-release followed on January 13 , 2015 . Madman Entertainment acquired the license for the Australian rights in 2011 , and released it on DVD and Blu-ray on February 15 , 2012 . Manga Entertainment licensed the series for the United Kingdom , and released it on DVD on October 22 , 2012 .
Reception
Previews
Casey Brienza , Carlo Santos , Carl Kimlinger and Theron Martin at Anime News Network ( ANN ) reviewed the first episode as part of a `` fall 2008 anime preview guide '' . Brienza called the series `` thoroughly enthralling '' when at its best , and said that its imagery of death and destruction would be intriguing to viewers interested in apocalypse-themed works . She found the opening and ending themes `` bright but boring '' , and noted that they were at odds with the story . Santos , too , disliked the ending theme , combined with Takumi being an otaku with an imaginary girlfriend , saying that despite being `` tongue-in-cheek '' it felt too overt and annoying : he felt that Takumi 's growing paranoia , the music and the art direction of the graphically violent scenes worked well to set the tone , but that the `` fluff '' involving Takumi 's imaginary girlfriend and his sister disrupted the mood . Kimlinger also noted the inconsistent tone , and called the female characters `` painfully artificial '' . He was not opposed to the combination of the themes of `` otaku alienation '' and horror , but called the series ' horror mystery an uninteresting mix of Higurashi When They Cry and Japanese psychological horror films . Martin called the series a contender for `` weirdest '' anime of the season , and also compared the tone to that of Higurashi When They Cry . He liked the visuals and music , calling the latter `` eerie '' and effective .
Series reception
Reviewing the series as a whole , Santos found it uneven , with the story elements ranging from being `` brilliant jaw-droppers '' to feeling unfinished , giving the revelation of Takumi 's true nature as an example of the former , and the conclusions to some character sub-plots as examples of the latter . Luke Carroll at ANN and John Rose at The Fandom Post were critical of the story , saying that while its ideas and the question of what is and is n't real was interesting , the story felt rushed , with the game 's narrative `` squeezed '' into too few episodes . Rose additionally was disappointed in how the answers felt less innovative than the mysteries originally seemed . The story was criticized by several reviewers as feeling confusing , with Bradley Meek at T.H.E.M . Anime Reviews finding it confusing enough to quit watching after the eighth episode , and Erin Finnegan at ANN calling it unwatchable due to how little it made sense to them , despite a promising start . Chris Homer and Chris Beveridge , both at The Fandom Post , found the story engaging , however , with the latter calling the climax `` solid '' .
Santos said that the series ' `` pseudoscience '' felt dubious , but noted the illusory `` Di-Swords '' as well-designed and a useful way to portray characters battling through the use of their thoughts ; Carroll also enjoyed the use of `` Di-Swords '' in action scenes , but thought that it occurred too rarely . Beveridge similarly liked the detailed visuals for the special abilities some characters use . Santos and Carroll both disliked the character designs , calling them bland and stereotypical ; Beveridge , however , liked them , and appreciated their `` solid feel '' . Santos , Carroll and Meek disliked the animation , with the former two citing off-model characters , frozen crowds , static conversation scenes and a lack of fluidity , and Meek calling it `` a black mark on Madhouse 's usually stellar record '' . Rose , however , felt that the animation was `` fairly strong '' .
Carroll and Santos enjoyed the soundtrack , with Caroll calling it `` surprisingly well done '' . Santos particularly noted the dissonance and silence used to portray the unrest and turmoil inside Takumi 's mind and the contrasting piano melodies used when Takumi forms emotional connections to others as positives . Santos and Carroll enjoyed Haberkorn 's performance as Takumi , but found the remaining roles less well done ; Santos said that most female characters were handled like `` plastic dating-sim stereotypes '' . Finnegan , however , liked Karbowski 's performance as Nanami , and compared it favorably to how the character sounded in Japanese .
References
External links
Chaos ; Head at Funimation
Anime series
Anime television series based on video games
Funimation
Horror anime and manga
Madman Entertainment anime
Madhouse ( company )
Mystery anime and manga
School life in anime and manga
Science Adventure
Films with screenplays by Toshiki Inoue
Suspense anime and manga
Television shows set in Tokyo
Krün is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen . It belongs with Garmisch-Partenkirchen as district capital and cultural center as well as other municipalities to the region Werdenfelser Land . A few kilometers south runs the German-Austrian border .
The village , together with Mittenwald and Wallgau , builds the tourism network Alpenwelt Karwendel who markets the holiday region throughout the year as a starting point for sports and recreational activities such as hiking and cross-country skiing .
In 2015 , Krün was the host-community of the 41st G7 summit . It took place on 7 June and 8 June 2015 in Schloss Elmau , which belongs as a separate district to the municipality of Krün .
On the occasion of the G7 summit US-President Barack Obama visited the village together with Chancellor Angela Merkel and her husband .
From June 26 to 28 , 2022 , Krün will once again host the G7 Summit .
Geography
Krün is located in the Upper Isar Valley , about 100 kilometres south of Munich and 15 kilometres east of Garmisch-Partenkirchen .
It is located 6 kilometres north of Mittenwald and 2 kilometres south of Wallgau .
To the east , the Soiern Mountains rise with the Soiernspitze ( 2257 m above sea level . NN ) and the local mountains Schöttlkarspitze ( 2050 m above sea level . NN ) , Seinskopf ( 1961 m above sea level . NN ) and Signalkopf ( 1895 m above sea level . NN ) .
In the southeast , above Mittenwald , the Karwendel Mountains extend . The Karwendel is also the eponym of the tourist region , with average heights of about 2300 m above sea level . NN .
In the southwest , the Wettersteingebirge dominates the scenery . It locates the highest German mountain , the Zugspitze ( 2964 m above sea level . NN ) and the distinctive Alpspitze ( 2628 m above sea level . NN ) .
In the northwest , lying in the Estergebirge , is the highest point of the village , the mountain Klaffen ( 1829 m above sea level . NN ) .
East of Krün , the river Isar flows in a northerly direction at first . The crossover passage to the Walchensee and the corresponding hydroelectric plant runs through the town towards Wallgau .
History
Krün was first mentioned in 1294 with two farmsteads belonging to the Benediktbeuern Abbey . In 1491 , the monastery sold the village with now four farmsteads to the Bishopric of Freising . Since the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss , Krün was part of the Electorate of Bavaria . The village was part of the former County of Werdenfels until 1803 . In the course of administrative reforms in the Kingdom of Bavaria , the contemporary municipality was formed .
Coat of arms
A golden mitre with dependent tapes on a red ground with a silver pike pole and a silver crosier diagonally crossed . The colors red , gold and silver represent the two spiritual manors of the Convent Benediktbeuern ( red / silver ) and the Bishopric of Freising ( red / gold ) as well as the political affiliation of the former County of Werdenfels . The mitre also symbolizes the dominion of Freising , the crosier the dominion of Benediktbeuren . The pike pole documents the importance of timber rafting for the village and its economic development during the past centuries .
Economy and Infrastructure
As in the whole region , tourism is the main industry in Krün .
In 2013 , 51 accommodation establishments offered 1,379 guest beds ( including camping ) and 365,983 overnight stays demonstrate the importance of tourism for the municipality . There were 120,326 more overnight stays in private houses in the same year .
Traffic
Krün is located on the German Alpine Road . The federal highway No . 11 runs in a northerly direction via Wallgau and Walchensee to Kochel am See .
The location is well served by public transport with both official bus routes and the rail network of the Deutsche Bahn .
The railroad from Munich to Innsbruck passes the municipal station in the village of Klais .
For holidaymakers there is also a bus network that can be used with the holiday region 's guest card for free . The busses approach some hiking trails and alps in the summer and ski resorts and cross-country ski trails in the winter .
Lakes
In the proximity of Krün there are several small lakes like Barmsee , Geroldsee , Grubsee and Tennsee .
At the southern end of the village is an artificial lake of the river Isar . By here , a channel branches towards the Walchensee and so supplies the well-known Walchensee Hydroelectric Power Station .
Tourist attractions and buildings
Historic district of the village Klais
Rococo-Church St. Sebastian in Krün ( built in 1760 )
Chapel of Maria Rast
Schloss Elmau ( castle )
Schloss Kranzbach ( castle )
References
External links
Garmisch-Partenkirchen ( district )
The Federation of Public and Private Sector Employees ( , Jyty ) is a trade union representing local government workers in Finland .
The union was founded in 1918 , and it became known as the Federation of Municipal Officials . It affiliated to the Confederation of Salaried Employees ( TVK ) , but the TVK went bankrupt in 1992 , and the union transferred to the Finnish Confederation of Professionals . By 1998 , it had 75,500 members .
In 2004 , after two small unions representing adult education workers merged in , the union renamed itself as the `` Federation of Public and Private Sector Employees '' .
Presidents
1919 : Harald Dalström
1920 : Zachris Castren
1938 : Knut Furuhjelm
1944 : Alex Danielson
1946 : Akseli Linnavuori
1950 : Eero Rönkä
1967 : Urpo Ryönänkoski
1973 : Juhani Tuominen
1973 : Henrik Boehm
1976 : Taisto Mursula
1993 : Katriina Perkka-Jortikka
2001 : Markku Jalonen
2006 : Merja Ailus
2010 : Maija Pihlajamäki
References
External links
Public sector trade unions
Trade unions established in 1918
1918 establishments in Finland
Trade unions in Finland
Trioceros affinis , Rüppell 's desert chameleon or beardless Ethiopian montane chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Ethiopia .
References
Trioceros
Reptiles of Ethiopia
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Reptiles described in 1845
Taxa named by Eduard Rüppell
Olaf Olsen may refer to :
Olaf Olsen ( drummer ) ( born 1976 ) , drummer of Norwegian rock band BigBang
Olaf Olsen ( footballer ) ; see 1902 in Norwegian football
Olaf C. Olsen ( 1899– ? ) , Socialist legislator from Wisconsin
Olaf H. Olsen ( 1928–2015 ) , Danish archeologist
Olaf L. Olsen ( 1881–1958 ) , Republican legislator from Washington state
Olaf Nikolas Olsen ( 1794–1848 ) , cartographer and Danish army officer
Olaf Olsen ( 1919-2000 ) , actor in the 1950 British film Lilli Marlene
Olaf Olsen ( fl . mid-20th century ) , Norwegian sea captain associated with the history of Rose au Rue , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada
See also
Olsen ( surname )
Colonel John William Fane DL JP ( 1 September 1804 – 19 November 1875 ) , of Wormsley nr . Watlington , Oxfordshire , was a British Conservative politician .
Background
A member of the Fane family headed by the Earl of Westmorland , Fane was the son of John Fane , of Wormsley , Oxfordshire , and Elizabeth , daughter of William Lowndes-Stone-Norton . He attended Rugby School and entered St John 's College , Cambridge in 1823 , though he does not appear to have taken a degree .
Political career
Fane served as High Sheriff of Oxfordshire for 1854 and was then in 1862 returned to Parliament as one of three representatives for Oxfordshire , a seat he held until 1868 . He was also a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for Oxfordshire .
Family
Fane was married four times . He married firstly Catherine , daughter of Sir Benjamin Hobhouse , 1st Baronet , in 1826 . After her death in November 1828 he married secondly Lady Ellen Catherine , daughter of Thomas Parker , 5th Earl of Macclesfield , in 1829 . After her death in September 1844 he married thirdly Charlotte , daughter of Theodore Broadhead , in 1845 . After her death in May 1855 he married fourthly Victoria , daughter of William Temple , in 1856 . There were children from all four marriages . Fane died in November 1875 , aged 71 . His fourth wife later remarried and died in February 1912 .
References
External links
Leigh Rayment 's Historical List of MPs
Darryl Lundy 's thePeerage.com page
1804 births
1875 deaths
Alumni of St John 's College , Cambridge
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1859–1865
UK MPs 1865–1868
Deputy Lieutenants of Oxfordshire
John
High Sheriffs of Oxfordshire
The Europe Zone was one of the three regional zones of the 1980 Davis Cup .
30 teams entered the Europe Zone , competing across 2 sub-zones . 26 teams entered the competition in the qualifying round , competing for 4 places in each sub-zone 's main draw to join the 4 finalists from the 1979 Europe Zone . The winners of each sub-zone 's main draw went on to compete in the Inter-Zonal Zone against the winners of the Americas Zone and Eastern Zone .
Italy defeated Sweden in the Zone A final , and Czechoslovakia defeated Romania in the Zone B final , resulting in both Italy and Czechoslovakia progressing to the Inter-Zonal Zone .
Zone A
Pre-Qualifying Round
Draw
Results
Luxembourg vs. Turkey
Preliminary Rounds
Draw
First Round
Israel vs. Monaco
Ireland vs. Bulgaria
Netherlands vs. Denmark
Norway vs. Turkey
Qualifying Round
Switzerland vs. Israel
Bulgaria vs. Hungary
Spain vs. Netherlands
West Germany vs. Norway
Main Draw
Draw
Quarterfinals
Switzerland vs. Hungary
Spain vs. West Germany
Semifinals
Italy vs. Switzerland
Sweden vs. West Germany
Final
Italy vs. Sweden
Zone B
Pre-Qualifying Round
Draw
Results
Algeria vs. Morocco
Preliminary Rounds
Draw
First Round
Morocco vs. Belgium
Yugoslavia vs. Portugal
Greece vs. Soviet Union
Finland vs. Egypt
Qualifying Round
Belgium vs. Austria
Yugoslavia vs. Romania
France vs. Soviet Union
Finland vs. Poland
Main Draw
Draw
Quarterfinals
Romania vs. Austria
France vs. Finland
Semifinals
Great Britain vs. Romania
Czechoslovakia vs. France
Final
Romania vs. Czechoslovakia
References
Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Europe Zone
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Charles Graux ( 23 November 1852 – 8 January 1882 ) was a French classicist and palaeographer . Apart from scores of articles and reviews , he published important critical editions of works by Xenophon and Plutarch and pioneering , descriptive catalogs of the medieval copies of ancient Greek texts preserved in the libraries of Spain and Denmark .
His most enduring contributions were to the history of ancient stichometry . In an article that Kurt Ohly called 'epoch-making ' he proved that ancient Greek authors and scribes measured the length of prose texts in standard lines just as modern books are measured in pages and computer files in words . This standard unit , he showed , was equal in length to a Greek hexameter ( about fifteen syllables or 35 letters ) . Graux 's survey of hundreds of ancient stichometric line-counts preserved in medieval manuscripts confirmed that the same standard line was in use from the fourth century BCE through the Christian authors of late antiquity . These results launched the rigorous study of ancient stichometry during the golden age of papyrology and led to Ohly 's definitive monograph fifty years later . Stichometry now plays a small but useful role in the study of ancient Greek and Latin papyri , and especially of the scrolls evacuated in Herculaneum .
Charles Graux was born in Vervins , France . He studied for three years at the École pratique des hautes études from 1871 and became a teacher there in 1874 . In 1881 , he earned a doctorate for his work and was appointed to a teaching position at the Sorbonne . He was an editor for several leading journals . With funding from the French government , he made his first 'scientific mission ' to Spain in 1875-6 to study and catalog the Greek manuscripts in the national collections . He was received by the Spanish king and visited 60 libraries . He 'discovered ' or at least brought to the attention of modern scholars some 450 Greek manuscripts . He later traveled to Sweden and Denmark and made two more voyages to Spain . On a trip to Italy , he apparently contracted typhoid fever and died in Paris at the age of 29 .
References
External links
Mélanges Graux : memorial volume with biography
Les Articles Originaux : collection of articles by Graux , esp . on stichometry
1852 births
1882 deaths
People from Aisne
École pratique des hautes études alumni
École pratique des hautes études faculty
Deaths from typhoid fever
Anderson de Carvalho Santos ( born 20 May 1990 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Santa Clara in Portuguese Primeira Liga .
Career
Born in Cubatão , Carvalho made his debut as a professional on 30 January 2011 , replacing Rodrigo Possebon in a 2–0 home success against São Paulo , for the Campeonato Paulista championship . Three days later he was handed his first start , playing 56 minutes in a 2–2 away draw against Ponte Preta , but being replaced due to Rafael 's ejection .
In August 2012 , Carvalho was loaned to Japanese club Vissel Kobe until December . However , he suffered with muscular injuries in Japan , and returned to Brazil without appearing for the club . On 11 December , he was loaned out to Penapolense until the end of 2013 Campeonato Paulista .
On 1 July 2014 , Carvalho was deemed surplus to requirements by new manager Oswaldo de Oliveira , and after rescinding his link with Peixe , joined Portuguese side Boavista in a three-year deal . He played his first match in a 1-0 home victory against Académica , and two weeks later scored two goals in a 3-2 home victory against Gil Vicente .
On 1 July 2017 , he signed a 2-year contract with the Russian Premier League club FC Tosno .
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Santos
Campeonato Paulista : 2011 , 2012
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Santos FC players
J1 League players
Vissel Kobe players
Boavista F.C . players
FC Tosno players
C.D . Santa Clara players
Primeira Liga players
Russian Premier League players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Sir Frederick Geoffrey Shedden ( 8 August 1893 – 8 July 1971 ) was an Australian public servant who served as Secretary of the Department of Defence from 1937 to 1956 .
Background and early life
Frederick Shedden was born 8 August 1893 in Kyneton , Victoria . His father was George Shedden , a wheelwright born in Victoria . His mother was Sarah Elizabeth ( née Grey ) from England . He was the youngest of five children .
His was schooled at Kyneton State and Kyneton Grammar schools .
Career
After placing very high in the Commonwealth Public Service examination , in March 1910 Shedden began his career in the Department of Defence at Victoria Barracks , Melbourne . He also studied law at Melbourne University , but the outbreak of World War One ended his studies .
On 19 March 1917 he was appointed a lieutenant in the Australian Army Pay Corps . He served as the 4th Australian Divisions acting paymaster in August . On his return home he was discharged from the Australian Imperial Force on 24 December 1917 .
Shedden was Secretary to the Australian Government Department responsible for defence between 1937 and 1956 :
Secretary of the Department of Defence ( II ) ( 1937 to 1939 )
Secretary of the Department of Defence Co-ordination ( 1939 to 1942 )
Secretary of the Department of Home Security ( 1941 )
Secretary of the Department of Defence ( III ) ( 1942 to 1956 )
Private life
On 14 December 1927 Shedden married Anne Cardno Edward . Later that same day he sailed for England to study at the Imperial Defence College .
Awards and honours
In the King 's Birthday Honours of June 1933 , Shedden was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) . He was also appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) in the New Year 's Day Honours of 1941 , and knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George ( KCMG ) in the King 's Birthday Honours of June 1943 .
Death
Shedden died on 8 July 1971 in St Andrew 's Hospital , East Melbourne .
He was the subject of a biography , Defence Supremo written by David Horner and published by Allen & Unwin in 2000 .
In 2009 , a street in the Canberra suburb of Casey was named Shedden Street in his honour .
References
|-
|-
|-
1893 births
1971 deaths
Australian Army officers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Secretaries of the Australian Department of Defence
People from Kyneton
Alumni of the Royal College of Defence Studies
Red Bird City Hall functioned as the center of local government in the all-black town of Red Bird . In 1932 , the town decided to build a city hall which was completed in 1933 . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places September 28 , 1984 .
Notes
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Wagoner County , Oklahoma
City halls in Oklahoma
African-American history of Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Wagoner County , Oklahoma
Government buildings completed in 1933
1933 establishments in Oklahoma
Napue v. Illinois , 360 U.S. 264 ( 1959 ) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the knowing use of false testimony by a prosecutor in a criminal case violates the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , even if the testimony affects only the credibility of the witness and does not directly relate to the innocence or guilt of the defendant .
Background
Prior case law
The Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution provides :
The Supreme Court of the United States has repeatedly addressed whether the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment is violated when prosecutors knowingly use false testimony in a criminal trial . In 1935 , the Supreme Court briefly wrote in Mooney v. Holohan that prosecutors violate the Due Process Clause if they knowingly present perjured testimony . The Court expanded on its decision in 1957 in the case Alcorta v. Texas , in which it held that a prosecutor 's neglect to correct false testimony is equivalent to knowingly presenting perjured testimony . However , in Alcorta , the Court refrained from setting a specific standard regarding when false testimony becomes material enough to warrant reversal of a conviction .
Proceedings in state court
Henry Napue was tried in an Illinois state court on charges of murder . At his trial , the prosecution 's primary witness , George Hamer , who was serving a 199-year sentence for the same murder , testified that the prosecution had not offered any reduction of sentence or other reward for his testimony . The prosecutor did not dispute or otherwise correct Hamer 's testimony . Based primarily on Hamer 's testimony , Napue was convicted and sentenced to 199 years in prison .
After Napue 's conviction , the Assistant State 's Attorney who prosecuted the murder filed a petition to reduce Hamer 's sentence . In the petition , the Assistant State 's Attorney wrote that he had `` promised '' to Hamer that `` a recommendation for a reduction of his [ Hamer 's ] sentence would be made and , if possible , effectuated '' if he agreed to cooperate by testifying against Napue and several other defendants . The petition referred to the agreement to seek a lower sentence for Hamer as a `` compact entered into between the duly authorized representatives of the State of Illinois and George Hamer '' , and noted that Hamer testified only after being given `` definite assurance '' of a recommendation for a lower sentence .
Napue subsequently filed a post-conviction petition asking for reversal of his conviction , arguing that Hamer 's testimony that he was not promised a lower sentence was false , and that Assistant State 's Attorney 's knowing failure to correct Hamer 's statement rendered Napue 's conviction unconstitutional . The trial court held a hearing at which the Assistant State 's Attorney testified that he had only promised to help Hamer if Hamer 's assertion that he was just a reluctant participant in the murder was true . The Assistant State 's Attorney went on to testify that there was no promise to reduce Hamer 's sentence if Hamer testified , and that his petition to lower Hamer 's sentence used language that `` [ he ] should not have used '' . On the basis of the Assistant State 's Attorney 's testimony , the trial court denied the petition to overturn Napue 's conviction .
Napue appealed to the Supreme Court of Illinois , which affirmed the denial of Napue 's petition with two justices dissenting . The Supreme Court of Illinois disagreed with the trial court and found that the Assistant State 's Attorney had promised Hamer a recommendation for sentence reduction , and that the Assistant State 's Attorney knew that Hamer was lying by testifying to the contrary . However , it held that because a public defender had testified that he would try to reduce Hamer 's sentence , the jury was aware that Hamer would be trying to reduce his sentence , and that accordingly , Hamer was not entitled to relief .
Supreme Court
Napue asked the Supreme Court to review the case , which granted certiorari . Chief Justice Earl Warren delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court . The Court held that because the credibility of a witness can often be critical in the jury 's verdict a prosecutor 's knowing failure to correct false testimony violates the Fourteenth Amendment even when the testimony presented affects only the credibility of the witness and does not directly relate to the innocence or guilt of the defendant . The Court further held that the false testimony must be corrected by the prosecution whether the prosecutor actively sought false testimony or simply allows it to occur . The Court reiterated that prosecutors have a duty to seek to correct false testimony when it occurs in order for a trial to be fair , and held that any false testimony allowed by the prosecutor that may affect the outcome of trial creates a violation of due process rights protected by the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
Applying those standards to Napue 's case , the Court held that because the prosecution knowingly failed to correct false testimony made by its witness that `` may have had an effect on the outcome of the trial '' , Napue 's due process rights had been violated . The Court accordingly reversed Napue 's conviction .
Subsequent developments
After Napue , in 1963 , the Supreme Court decided Brady v. Maryland , a landmark case in which the Court held that Due Process Clause requires prosecutors to disclose all exculpatory evidence to the defendant . In 1972 , the Court decided in Giglio v. United States that it is a due process violation if a prosecutor fails to correct perjured testimony if the prosecutor 's office was aware of the lie , even if the individual prosecutor in the courtroom was not . In Giglio , the Court also decided the threshold for materiality for Napue claims , holding : `` A new trial is required if the false testimony could [ ... ] in any reasonable likelihood have affected the judgment of the jury '' .
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
1959 in United States case law
Louis-Alexandre des Friches de Menneval ( fl . 1687–1703 ) was a governor of Acadia from 1687–1690 .
Little is known of his early life . He did serve in the French army in France with distinction and won Turenne 's notice and praise .
Friches de Menneval was appointed governor of Acadia on 1 March 1687 . He replaced François-Marie Perrot on the recommendation of Marquis de Chevry . At that time , he was still only a company lieutenant in the army . He was to encourage settlement and agriculture while preventing the English from trading and fishing in the Acadian jurisdiction . He was also involved in examining and investigating the activities of the former governor .
Friches de Menneval did not arrive at Port-Royal until late fall and was to refurbish the fort which provided little protection against the British . He recommended that a new Fort Pentagouet be built on the Penobscot River . A variety of setbacks occurred in the next two years and no real progress was made on fortifications . In 1689 , England declared war on France and the poorly fortified Acadian settlements were immediately vulnerable .
Due in large part to aggressive attacks on the British by Frontenac , Governor General of New France during the winter of 1689–90 , the British colonies responded with a force under William Phips and Menneval gave up Port Royal without a fight .
Louis-Alexandre des Friches de Menneval did not have much success as governor . Success would have required exceptional courage and talents , and Menneval was ill-prepared and -supported during his tenure in very difficult times . He was replaced by Joseph Robineau de Villebon , a governor to whom he lent support .
References
External links
Governors of Acadia
Pheniprazine ( INN ; also known as amphethydrazine and amphetamine hydrazide ; brand names Catron and Cavodil ) is an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( MAOI ) of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant in the 1960s . It was also used in the treatment of angina pectoris and schizophrenia . Pheniprazine has been largely discontinued due to toxicity concerns such as jaundice , amblyopia , and optic neuritis .
See also
Hydrazine ( antidepressant )
References
Hepatotoxins
Hydrazines
Monoamine oxidase inhibitors
Withdrawn drugs
Phenethylamines
Alison Miller ( born 30 October 1984 ) is a rugby union player . She was a member of 's 2014 Women 's Rugby World Cup squad . She scored a try in their memorable victory over the Black Ferns at the 2014 World Cup .
Miller began playing rugby union while attending Waterford IT .
References
External links
Irish Rugby player profile
1984 births
Living people
Irish female rugby union players
Ireland women 's international rugby union players
Alumni of Waterford Institute of Technology
Ireland international women 's rugby sevens players
Rugby union players from County Waterford
Old Belvedere R.F.C . players
Connacht Rugby women 's players
I Scream is the second studio album by Nana Kitade . It was first released at December 6 , 2006 through Sony Music Japan . The album peaked at # 150 on the Oricon chart . A special limited edition came with the CD , bonus alarm clock , special socks greeting card , and special Christmas card with message hand-written by Kitade herself .
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Official Website Sony Music Japan
Nana Kitade albums
2006 albums
Paraskevas Antzas ( , born 18 August 1977 ) is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Career
Antzas ' career began in Pandramaikos F.C . in Gamma Ethniki in 1993 . In 1995 , he signed with Skoda Xanthi at Super League . In 1998 , he signed with Greek Olympiacos and until 2003 he played in 76 league games plus 20 international games ( 18 games in UEFA Champions League and 2 games in UEFA Europa League scoring one goal ) . In 2003 , he left Olympiacos , for still an unexplained reason , while he was a key member of the Greece and had been qualified for the European Championship 2004 in Portugal . In 2003 was announced that stops the football for family reasons . He changed his mind and signed with Doxa Drama , on loan from Olympiakos , and consequently he lost his place in the Greece , and he regained it years after in 2007 when he returned to Olympiacos from Skoda Xanthi .
On 15 June 2008 , one day after the defeat of Greece from Russia in the final tournament of Euro 2008 , Antzas announced his retirement from international football . On 3 May 2009 , he played his last career game .
Honours
Club
Olympiacos
Superleague Greece ( 7 ) : 1998–99 , 1999–2000 , 2000–01 , 2001–02 , 2002–03 , 2007–08 , 2008–09
Greek Cup ( 3 ) : 1998–99 , 2007–08 , 2008–09
Greek Super Cup : 2007
Greece
UEFA Euro U21 : Runner-up 1998
References
External links
Paraskeuas Antzas Personal Site ( Greek )
1977 births
Greek footballers
Greece international footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
Living people
Association football defenders
Olympiacos F.C . players
Xanthi F.C . players
Doxa Drama F.C . players
Footballers from Drama , Greece
Super League Greece players
Anthia venator is a beetle of the Family Carabidae .
Description
Anthia venator can reach a length of . These beetles are the biggest carabids of North Africa . They spend daylight hours hidden in burrows at the base of the bushes . Usually they hunt various insects at sunset .
Distribution and habitat
This species is widespread in North Africa , in Algeria , Egypt , Libya , Morocco , Syria and Tunisia . These ground beetles prefer sandy habitats .
References
Biolib
Jcringenbach.free.fr
Carabidae.org
Coleop-terra
External links
Anthiinae ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1792
The Sausalito Woman 's Club , at 120 Central Avenue in Sausalito , Marin County , California , was built in 1918 . It was designed by Bay Area architect Julia Morgan . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .
It is a Craftsman-style building , of irregular plan with 18 corners .
Funds for the women 's club to have a clubhouse were raised during 1913 to 1918 .
The building was declared Sausalito 's Historical Landmark # 1 in 1976 .
References
American Craftsman architecture
Women 's club buildings in California
National Register of Historic Places in Marin County , California
Buildings and structures completed in 1918
History of women in California
SCORE Class 5-1600 is open wheel limited Baja Bug class that competes in the SCORE off-road race series races including the Baja 1000 , Baja 500 , Baja Sur 500 , San Felipe 250 , and the SCORE Desert Challenge .
Vehicle description
Vehicle must be a VW Sedan Type 1 Hardtop or sunroof as delivered from the factory . Vehicle must have the external appearance of a `` Baja Bug '' .
No Convertibles , Super Beetles , 181 Safari , Porsche 900 series , or Karmann Ghia are included in this class .
Class requirements
Engine
Engine must utilize Volkswagen series type 1 , 1600cc , US model sedan components and dimensions . Displacement is limited to 1600cc .
Suspension
Front suspension must be either Volkswagen Type 1 , 181 ball joint or link pins only . Rear suspension is based on Volkswagen Type 1 independent rear suspension or swing axle .
Body
Vehicles must have an external appearance of a Baja Bug . Original wheelbase must be maintained .
Notable race teams
Vikingos
Yolo Racing - Erich Reisen , Ross Burden , Ted Balkie
GONZO RACING Trevor Anderson , Mark Anderson
BASECAMP OFF-ROAD Matt Barnes , Todd Baxter , John Bosch , Trevor Anderson , Brian Schrom , Andy May
Crouchenvironmental.com - Greg Crouch , Kay Crouch , with Racer Services ( Paul Mischel ) .
Borrachos Motorsports - Hector Hurtado , Sergio Lopez , Fernando Flores , Omar Vega , Fernando Sanchez , Oscar Fregoso
References
SCORE International ( 2011 ) . `` 2011-2015 Off-Road Racing Rules and Regulations '' .
SCORE International. `` 2009 New Classes & Existing Class Rule Amendments ''
External links
Official SCORE International website
Barbara Laage ( 30 July 1920 – 21 May 1988 ) was a French film actress who flourished in the 1950s .
After fleeing Paris with her family during the German occupation in World War II , Laage returned to the city after the war and commenced her acting career in the Paris theatre district of Montparnasse .
Her first move to Hollywood was arranged by theatrical agent William Morris , founder of the William Morris Agency . She is one of several Hollywood stars of the era that would frequent the Chateau Marmont .
She was the first choice for the lead role in the Orson Welles film The Lady from Shanghai , though the part was eventually awarded to Rita Hayworth .
Partial filmography
Signé illisible ( 1942 )
B.F. 's Daughter ( 1948 ) - Eugenia Taris
The Red Rose ( 1951 ) - Claire Claris - la photographe
La Putain respectueuse ( 1952 ) - Lizzie Mac-Kay - chanteuse entraîneuse
The Slave ( 1953 ) - Anne-Marie 'Fétiche '
Traviata '53 ( 1953 ) - Rita
Act of Love ( 1953 ) - Nina
Zoé ( 1954 ) - Zoé
Quay of Blondes ( 1954 ) - Barbara
A Parisian in Rome ( 1954 ) - Germaine , la Parigina
Nagana ( 1955 ) - Geneviève Larguillière
The Adventures of Gil Blas ( 1956 ) - Antonia Caldera
Guilty ? ( 1956 ) - Jaqueline Delbois
Les Assassins du dimanche ( 1956 ) - Simone Simonet
The Happy Road ( 1957 ) - Suzanne Duval
Action immédiate ( 1957 ) - Hiedi Effen
Deuxième Bureau contre inconnu ( 1957 ) - Mariana
Miss Pigalle ( 1958 ) - Yvonne Pigalle
Un mundo para mí ( 1959 ) - Isabelle
Ce soir on tue ( 1959 ) - Nelly
Orientalische Nächte ( 1960 ) - Arlette
Bombs on Monte Carlo ( 1960 ) - Olga
Le caïd ( 1960 ) - Rita
Ça va être ta fête ( 1960 ) - Michèle Laurent
Paris Blues ( 1961 ) ( with Paul Newman ) - Marie Séoul
Le captif ( 1962 ) - Sylvie Hamelin
Portuguese Vacation ( 1963 ) - Barbara
The Crime of Aldeia Velha ( 1964 ) - Joana
O Corpo Ardente ( 1966 ) - Marcia
Drôle de jeu ( 1968 ) - Mathilde
Therese and Isabelle ( 1968 ) - Thérèse 's mother
Bed and Board ( 1970 ) - Monique , la secrétaire
Défense de savoir ( 1973 ) - Mme Christiani
Projection privée ( 1973 ) - Madeleine
References
External links
French film actresses
1920 births
1988 deaths
20th-century French actresses
Fisher Ames ( ; April 9 , 1758 – July 4 , 1808 ) was a Representative in the United States Congress from the 1st Congressional District of Massachusetts . He was an important leader of the Federalist Party in the House , and was noted for his oratorical skill .
Personal life
Ames was born in Dedham in the Province of Massachusetts Bay . His father , Dr. Nathaniel Ames , died when Fisher was but six years old , but his mother , Deborah Fisher resolved , in spite of her limited income , to give the boy a classical education . He belonged to one of the oldest families in Massachusetts and in his line of his ancestry was Rev . William Ames . At the age of six he began the study of Latin , and at the age of twelve , he was sent to Harvard College , graduating in 1774 when he began work as a teacher . While teaching school Ames also studied law in the office of William Tudor . He was admitted to the bar , and commenced practice in Dedham in 1781 .
He had a brother , also named Nathaniel Ames . He had polar opposite political views from his brother , and very different social styles as well . Nathaniel `` enjoyed his role as country doctor , servant of the proletariat , and champion of the common man . '' He became the leader of the Democratic-Republican Party in Dedham . He was most at home around the farmers and laborers with whom he grew up . Fisher , on the other hand , liked to dress well , hobnob with Boston society , and was an influential Federalist . Fisher operated his law practice out of the first floor of the Ames Tavern .
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1793 . Ames had six children , including John , Seth , and William with his wife , Frances . Ames owned a farm on Federal Hill in Dedham that he rented out . If the weather was nice while he was home from Washington , he would walk to the farm every day to inspect the crops growing there .
Political career
Massachusetts
In 1788 , he became a member of the Massachusetts convention that ratified the United States Constitution . His `` lucid and persuasive '' speeches in the convention helped to sway enough votes to adopt the Constitution . Later that year , he was elected to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives alongside Nathaniel Kingsbury .
After stepping down from Congress , he stayed in politics and was a member of the Governor 's Council from 1798 to 1800 . In his new role , Ames offered one of the great orations on the death of President Washington .
Federal
Ames was elected to the First United States Congress , having beaten Samuel Adams for the post . He was surprised by his win . He was a member of the Federalist Party , specifically its Essex Junto . James Madison wrote to Thomas Jefferson in 1794 that `` Ames is said to owe his success to the votes of negroes and British sailors smuggled under a very lax mode of conducting the election there . ''
Ames also served in the Second and Third Congresses and as a Federalist to the Fourth Congress . He served in Congress from March 4 , 1789 , to March 3 , 1797 . During the First Congress , he was chairman of the Committee on Elections . In 1796 , he was not a candidate for renomination but resumed the practice of law in Dedham .
Though he was young , he was considered one of the best orators in the Congress . Ames offered one of the first great speeches in American Congressional history when he spoke in favor of the Jay Treaty . Ames vigorously defended the interests of New England , such as opposing a tax on molasses . Despite his Federalist sympathies , Ames would dissent from his party when he felt it was not in the country 's best interest . For example , in 1789 Ames argued against the appointment of Thomas Willing as the President of Hamilton 's newly created Bank of the United States .
In 1794 , the people of Charleston , South Carolina burned him in effigy alongside William Pitt , Benedict Arnold , and the Devil for his pro-British positions .
Political opinions
Ames became concerned by the rising popularity of Jefferson 's Republicans , who advocated the United States adopt Republican type representative government along the lines of post-Revolution government in France . Hamilton 's Federalists ( of which Ames was one ) , although they too agreed with a Republic , advocated a stronger federal government with similar powers to the British example . Ames felt Federalism around a clear and firm constitution was the model the United States should follow to prevent the fledgling nation from failing . He cautioned against the excesses of democracy unfettered by morals and reason : `` Popular reason does not always know how to act right , nor does it always act right when it knows . '' He also felt that democracy alone was too fragile a system to resist descent into tyranny . `` A democracy can not last . Its nature ordains that its next change should be into a military despotism .... The reason is that the tyranny of what is called the people , and that by the sword , both operate alike to debase and corrupt , til there are neither of the men left with the spirit to desire liberty , nor morals with the power to sustain justice . Like the burning pestilence that destroys the human body , nothing can subsist by its dissolution but vermin . '' Likewise , Ames warned his countrymen of the dangers of flattering demagogues , who incite dis-union and lead their country into bondage :
`` Our country is too big for union , too sordid for patriotism , too democratic for liberty . What is to become of it , He who made it best knows . Its vice will govern it , by practising upon its folly . This is ordained for democracies . ''
Later years
In the late 18th century , Massachusetts was a solidly Federalist state . Dedham , however , was divided between Federalists and Republicans .
Ames returned home to Dedham in 1797 . Upon returning , he was alarmed by the growing number of Republicans in town , led by his brother Nathaniel , who lived next door . In 1798 , he hosted a Fourth of July party for 60 residents that was complete with patriotic songs and speeches . The attendees wrote a complimentary letter to President John Adams , pledging their support should the new nation go to war with France . Referring to the XYZ Affair , they wanted France to know that `` we bear no foreign yoke -- we will pay no tribute . ''
Nathaniel Ames wrote in his diary that his brother had convinced `` a few deluded people '' into signing the letter by `` squeezing teazing greazing '' them with food and drink . Despite his brother the Congressman 's efforts , Nathaniel believed that `` the Great Mass of People '' in the town were with the Republicans . For his part , Fisher wrote to Secretary of State Timothy Pickering after the party that `` the progress of right opinions '' was winning out in Dedham over `` perhaps the most malevolent spirit that exists , '' the Republican Party . Members of the Federalist elite continued to visit him at his Dedham home , including Alexander Hamilton on June 24 , 1800 .
Ames supported calling Joshua Bates as minister of the First Church and Parish in Dedham , but later left that church and became an Episcopalian .
While attending a Town Meeting in Dedham , he rose to speak and delivered one of his `` oratorical gems . '' A laborer rose to speak after him and said `` Mr. Moderator , my brother Ames ' eloquence reminds me of nothing but the shining of a firefly , which gives just enough light to show its own insignificance . '' He then immediately sat down .
In 1805 , Ames was chosen president of Harvard University . He declined to serve because of failing health . As was just about everything he did in life , Ames ' death on July 4 , 1808 , was an annoyance to his brother Nathaniel . Nathaniel had arraigned for a funeral in Dedham and had sent details to a printer to be published . George Cabot sent an employee to speak to Ames ' widow about hosting the funeral in his home . The widow agreed . Nathaniel believed Cabot 's intentions were to embarrass the Town of Dedham for its Republican political views and did not attend . Ames was interred in the Old Village Cemetery .
Legacy
He is the namesake of Ames Christian University . The Ames Schoolhouse , now Dedham 's Town Hall , was named for him .
Despite his limited number of years in public service , Fisher Ames ranks as one of the more influential figures of his era . Ames led Federalist ranks in the House of Representatives . His acceptance of the Bill of Rights garnered support in Massachusetts for the new Constitution . His greatest fame however may have come as an orator , for which one historian has dubbed him `` the most eloquent of the Federalists . ''
Writings
Ames got his start in politics by writing essays in the local press under the pen names of Camillus and Lucius Junius Brutus . doing so gave him a level of notoriety beyond the confines of Dedham . He also published a number of essays , critical of Jefferson 's followers .
Notable quotes
`` We have but a slender hold of our virtues ; they ought , therefore , to be cherished with care , and practised with diligence . ''
`` He who holds parley with vice and dishonor , is sure to become their slave and victim . ''
`` The heart is more than half corrupted , that does not burn with indignation at the slightest attempt to seduce it . ''
`` No man can be a sound lawyer who is not well read in the laws of Moses . ''
See also
Ames family
Notes
References
Works cited
Further reading
Arkin , Marc M. `` Regionalism and the Religion Clauses : The Contribution of Fisher Ames . '' Buffalo Law Review 47 ( 1999 ) : 763+ .
Bernhard , Winfred E.A . Fisher Ames : Federalist and Statesman , 1758-1808 . Chapel Hill : University of North Carolina Press , 1965 .
Douglass , Elisha P. `` Fisher Ames , Spokesman for New England Federalism . '' Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 103.5 ( 1959 ) : 693–715 . in JSTOR
Farrell , James M. `` Fisher Ames and political judgment : Reason , passion , and vehement style in the Jay treaty speech . '' Quarterly Journal of Speech 76.4 ( 1990 ) : 415–434 .
Dictionary of American Biography ( 1934 ) : Ames , Fisher
Primary sources
Works of Fisher Ames : With a Selection from His Speeches and Correspondence . Edited by Seth Ames . 2 vols . 1854 .
External links
Fisher Ames Collection at the William L. Clements Library
1758 births
1808 deaths
Massachusetts lawyers
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Harvard College alumni
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
People of colonial Massachusetts
Federalist Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts
18th-century American politicians
Members of the Massachusetts Governor 's Council
Burials at Old Village Cemetery
Politicians from Dedham , Massachusetts
Lawyers from Dedham , Massachusetts
Karl Scherm ( 8 April 1904 – 30 June 1977 ) was a German international footballer .
References
1904 births
1977 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Lara Burić ( born 13 August 2003 ) is a Croatian handballer for RK Lokomotiva Zagreb and the Croatian national team .
She represented Croatia at the 2021 World Women 's Handball Championship .
References
2003 births
Living people
Croatian female handball players
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Świrski is the name two different Polish noble families who do not share same descents . It is a toponymic surname literally meaning , in the case of Świrskis of Lis clan ( ) or `` of Świrz '' , in the case of Świrskis of Szaława clan , see Svirzh Castle ( ) . Belarusian-language form : Swirsky , Russian : Svirsky , Lithianian : Svirskis .
Notable persons with this surname include :
Jerzy Świrski ( 1882-1959 ) , Polish vice admiral and officer in the Russian Imperial Navy and later the Polish Navy
Peter Swirski ( born 1966 ) , Canadian scholar and literary critic
See also
Swirski mite
Polish-language surnames
Toponymic surnames
The Ecuadorian tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes gualaquizae ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found in Ecuador and northern Peru . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
Ecuadorian tyrannulet
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Ecuadorian tyrannulet
Ecuadorian tyrannulet ]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lockyer railway station is a closed railway station on the Main Line railway in Queensland , Australia . It served the locality of Lockyer in the Lockyer Valley Region .
Description
The station building has been relocated to Murphy Creek Grounds in Murphys Creek .
References
Disused railway stations in Queensland
Main Line railway , Queensland
Lockyer Valley Region
The discography of Dover , a Spanish rock band , consists of eight studio albums , an extended play , two compilation albums , 28 singles , and 23 music videos .
During the middle of the 1990s , Dover released his first album , Sister , practically with no commercial success . It was not until his second album released in 1997 , Devil Came to Me , when the band became famous . The album came to sell more than half a million copies worldwide , and the critics considered Dover the best group in the Spanish independent music scene . In 1999 they released their third album Late at Night , getting a triple platinum in February 2000 . I Was Dead for 7 Weeks in the City of Angels is their fourth album , published in 2001 , which achieved the number 1 on the Spanish sales list , selling over 125,000 discs in just over a week . A year later , in July 2002 , they released their first EP , It 's Good to Be Me ! , with a total of eight songs , five live , two acoustic and one unreleased song : Mystic Love , which was single of this album . In 2003 they published the album The Flame , recorded entirely in Spain with the American producer Rick Will . This album sold about 50,000 copies in Spain and as many in Germany . In November 2005 , Dover published in Japan its first compilation album titled Oh ! Mother Russia , which contained the greatest hits from the last three studio albums . One year later , Dover gives a new , different and radical turn in his career with its album Follow the City Lights , published in 2006 with an imaginative blend of rock-electronic-dance-pop genres . In November 2007 , Dover publishes a double compilation album titled 2 , which contains the greatest hits in its electro pop version , plus a new song called Soldier . Its seventh studio album I Ka Kené would not be released until 2010 , consisting of 10 songs sung in English , Bambara and French . This album was a commercial failure , selling just 5,000 copies . After a record five-year break , in 2015 , the band from Madrid published a new album , Complications , leaving aside the electronic sound to return to their rocker roots . To date , Dover has sold nearly 2 million copies worldwide .
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Dover ( band )
Discographies of Spanish artists
Rock music group discographies
Alternative rock discographies
The coat of arms of Western Australia is the official coat of arms of the Australian state of Western Australia . It was granted by a royal warrant of Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia dated 17 March 1969 .
Description
The shield has a silver ( argent ) field , with a rippled blue ( azure ) and silver ( argent ) base . A black swan in its natural colours swims on the upper blue ripple .
The crest is the Royal Crown in its proper colours on a wreath or torse of black ( sable ) and gold ( or ) between two kangaroo paw flowers in their natural colours of red and green .
The supporters are a red kangaroo on the dexter and sinister ( the viewer 's right and left ) holding up the shield . They are each depicted 'proper ' , or in natural colours . Each kangaroo holds in their forepaw a boomerang without any marks or symbols on it , and they stand upon a grassy compartment .
There is no motto with the coat of arms .
The official blazon , or heraldic description is contained in the royal warrant , and reads : For Arms : Argent on a base wavy Azure charged with a barrulet wavy Argent a Black Swan naiant proper . And for Crest : On a Wreath Or and Sable The Royal Crown between two Kangaroo Paw ( Anigosanthos Manglesii ) flowers slipped proper . And for Supporters : On either side a Kangaroo holding in the exterior fore-paw a Boomerang proper .
The illustration in the royal warrant apparently shows the arms with helmet and mantling , but the Western Australian Government has been advised that `` With the consent of the Garter Principal King of Arms , the Arms will be produced , for the use in Western Australia , in abbreviated form without the helmet and mantling . A helmet and mantling is depicted in correct heraldic form in the Warrant to conform to heraldic principles , but omission thereof for general usage is in line with the usage of the Commonwealth of Australia and of other Australian States '' .
Symbolism
The black swan was noted by all of the early European maritime explorers who sailed along the Western Australian coast . In 1697 the Dutch explorer Willem de Vlamingh sailed into and named the 'Swaanerivier ' after the birds . In 1826 the British explorer Captain James Stirling recorded seeing some 500 black swans flying over the Swan River . The British colony in Western Australia was popularly known as the Swan River Colony from its foundation in 1829 until the beginning of the convict era in 1850 .
The black swan is the official bird emblem of Western Australia , although only formally adopted in 1973 . It also appears on the State Badge as a black swan silhouetted against a yellow disk . The badge is shown in the fly of the State Flag that was adopted in 1870 , and revised in 1953 . At the time of the badge 's adoption , the colonial Governor , Frederick Weld , wrote that `` This Colony at its commencement was usually known as the Swan River Settlement , and the Black Swan is represented upon its seal , and has always been considered as its special badge , or cognizance . '' The swan sits on a rippled blue and white base to depict it in its natural state , swimming on an estuary or lake .
The crown is representative of the monarchy in Australia , and the black and gold torse supporting the crown shows the colours of the state . A torse usually shows the principle colour and metal of the shield ( blue and white ) , but in this case , the black and gold colours that have historically been associated with Western Australia since the adoption of the Colonial Badge in 1870 are shown .
The kangaroo paw ( Anigozanthos manglesii ) flower is the official floral emblem of Western Australia , adopted in 1960 , and together with the black and gold torse framing the Crown indicates the honour bestowed upon the state by the grant of arms , and emphasises the sovereignty and independence of Western Australia .
The red kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest kangaroo species , living in the state 's inland and arid regions . Its natural habitat , combined with that of the black swan , covers almost the whole state and symbolically reflect the jurisdiction of the coat of arms . The red kangaroo is the species usually shown in Australian heraldry , for example the Australian and Northern Territory arms , although the New South Wales Arms has a mythical gold kangaroo as a supporter .
The lack of any designs or emblems on the boomerangs held by the kangaroos indicates their role in representing all of the Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia .
Although no motto was granted as part of the coat of arms , earlier heraldic-like emblems of Western Australia sometimes used a motto of `` Cygnis insignis '' , which means `` distinguished for swans '' , being a Latin pun on the swan emblem ( cygnis being Latin for `` swan '' ) . 'Insignis ' can also mean `` remarkable '' , `` outstanding '' or `` conspicuous '' – all adjectives pointing to the long-standing association between Western Australia and the emblematic black swan . An early 20th century magazine devoted to Westralian poetry named Cygnet was published between 1913 and 1915 ; and the Western Australian essayist Sir Walter Murdoch wrote in 1930 , quoting an unnamed poet :
Hail to Westralia !
Hail to its bigness !
Hail to its motto
`` Cygnis insignis . ''
The symbolic black swan
'Westralia ' is a contraction of 'Western Australia ' often used self-referentially . Black swans have featured in much Westralian ( or Western Australian ) literature and art . The early colonist George Fletcher Moore included in his 1831 ballad So Western Australia for me the lines :
No lions or tigers are we dread to meet ,
Our innocent quadrupeds hop on two feet ;
No tithes and no taxes , we here have to pay ,
And our geese are all swans , as some witty folk say .
D. H. Lawrence wrote nearly a century later in his 1925 story The Heritage :
Jack looked out at the road , but was much more enchanted by the full , soft river of heavenly blue water , on whose surface he looked eagerly for the black swans . He did n't see any .
`` Oh yes ! Oh , yes ! You 'll find em wild in their native state a little way up , '' said Mr Swallow .
The potency of the image of the black swan as a signifier of Westralian nationalism can be seen in this passage from Randolph Stow 's Merry-go-Round in the Sea , published in 1965 :
Perth was ancient ... And it was a very special city , cut off from other cities by sea and desert , so that there was not another city for two thousand miles . Among all Australian cities it had proved itself the most special , by a romantic act called the Secession , which the other cities had stuffily ignored .
Cinderella State , he thought , feeling indignant . That was the reason for the Secession . Because they had ignored his poor Cinderella State , all one million square miles of it .
Maybe after this war there 'd be another war . Western Australia against the world , Black Swan flying .
'We should n't have gone to Parliament House , ' his mother had remarked , 'it seems to have made you political . ' ...
'When will Western Australia be free ? ' he wondered .
' I do n't know , ' said his mother . 'Perhaps when Bonnie Prince Charlie comes over . '
'Aww . ' He grew disgusted at her flipancy .
Designer
The original heraldic artist who devised the arms is not known , although of the elements in the design have a long tradition of being used as symbols of the state , indicating some knowledge by the designer of Western Australian history and symbolism .
Legal status
The Western Australian Coats of Arms are Arms of Dominion and Sovereignty . The Arms are included in the description in section 3 of the Armorial Bearings Protection Act 1979 ( see below ) as `` Arms of any part of Her Majesty 's Dominions '' . Arms of Dominion and Sovereignty are the symbols of intangible public authority which belong to independent states and are used by their representatives ( such as government agencies ) and leaders .
The royal warrant granting the arms states that they are `` to be borne for Our said State on Seals , Shields , Banners , Flags , or Otherwise ... according to the Laws of Arms '' , and are `` to be used on seals , shields , banners or otherwise according to the Laws of Arms . '' These laws are derived from medieval English civil law , and relate to the authority to grant arms , and the regulation of their use , although the enforceability of these laws in Western Australia is unclear .
In 1979 , the Western Australian Parliament passed the Armorial Bearings Protection Act 1979 , which patriated the Law of Arms to some degree regarding the Western Australian state arms , although rather obliquely . The main purpose of the act is to prohibit the unauthorised reproduction of images of the arms .
The Armorial Bearings Protection Act only applies to `` the Royal Arms or the Arms of any part of Her Majesty 's Dominions '' ( Section 3 of the act ) . It has not patriated the Laws of Arms for personal , civic or corporate arms . Western Australian residents and corporate bodies wishing to obtain a grant of arms must continue to obtain such grants , and any protection for those grants , from foreign authorities .
See also
Black swan emblems and popular culture
Government of Western Australia
Heraldry
References
External links
WA Coat of Arms at the Department of the Premier & Cabinet web site
Armorial Bearings Protection Act 1979
Western Australia
Western Australia
Western Australia
Western Australia
Mu'min Ainul Mubarak ( Arabic : مؤمن عين المبارك ; born 10 February 1971 ) is an Indonesian reciter of Quran and Hafiz from Tasikmalaya .
Life
He was ranked as an `` International Qari '' when he outperformed rivals from different countries in the International Quran Recital Competition in Malaysia in the year of 2008 and in the International Holy Quran Competition in Iran in the year of 2009 .
He established an Islamic Boarding School known as `` Pesantren '' in his hometown Tasikmalaya called `` Ma'had Murattal ul Qur'an Mu'min 'Ainul Mubarok '' ( Arabic : معهد مرتل القرآن مؤمن عين المبارك ) in 2010 to build future professional reciters from a young age .
Travels overseas
He was the champion of the 2008 International Quran Recital Competition in Malaysia and 2009 International Holy Quran Competition in Iran . In 2009 , he was invited to Pakistan to recite in the International Mehfil Husn-e-Qirat Jamia Binoria and other events in the country including reciting in the Faisal Mosque of Islamabad , Pakistan in February 2009 . He also participated in the 9th Annual Hifz , Naazira & Qira'atul Quran competition which was held by the Islamic Foundation of Toronto , Canada and was given the Guest Award in 2014 .
See also
References
1971 births
Indonesian Muslims
Indonesian Quran reciters
living people
people from Tasikmalaya
Quran reciters
Sundanese people
Escalante Butte is a prominence adjacent the far eastern South Rim of the Grand Canyon , of Northern Arizona . Adjacent east is a lower elevation butte , Cardenas Butte . Both buttes , ( and the South Rim ) , are part of the western drainage of north-trending Tanner Canyon into the Colorado River .
Geology – Escalante & Cardenas Buttes
Escalante Butte and Cardenas Butte lie upon the same Supai Group ridgeline . At the west , Escalante is separated by a ridge saddle ( the drainage southeast into Upper Tanner Canyon ) . Escalante Butte prominence is a small , heavily eroded cliff and debris remainder of Coconino Sandstone , ( on debris of Hermit Shale ) , on eroded ridges of the Supai Group . Cardenas Butte , is about lower , east , on an eroded ridgeline of Supai Group . Its small spire is a surviving cliff-former unit of the Supai Group .
See also
Geology of the Grand Canyon area
Escalante Route
Tanner Trail
Citations
External links
Coconino Sandstone of summit , Mountainzone.com
View of Escalante Butte , etc , Summitpost . ( Choose Escalante Butte ; also shows ridgeline with Cardenas Butte . )
Grand Canyon
Grand Canyon , South Rim
Grand Canyon National Park
Colorado Plateau
Buttes of Arizona
Landforms of Coconino County , Arizona
Mountains of Arizona
Mountains of Coconino County , Arizona
North American 1000 m summits
Miguel Montes may refer to :
Miguel Montes ( footballer , born 1940 ) , Spanish football forward and manager
Miguel Montes ( handballer ) ( born 1972 ) , Cuban handballer
Miguel Montes ( footballer , born 1980 ) , Salvadoran football goalkeeper
Miguel Montes de Oca ( born 1982 ) , Argentine football forward
Marvin Fredrick Bateman ( born April 5 , 1950 ) is a former American football punter in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Buffalo Bills . He played college football at the University of Utah .
Early years
Bateman attended Highland High School , where he competed in football and baseball . He accepted a football scholarship from the University of Utah . He led the nation in punting in his last 2 years and became the first Utah football player to receive first-team All-American honors two years in a row .
As a senior , he set school records for average yards per punt ( 48.07 ) and total punt yardage ( 3,269 ) . During his college career he was also the team 's placekicker , making 21 field goals ( sixth in school history ) , converting 51 percent of his attempts and had a school record 59-yard field goal .
In 1987 , he was inducted into the Utah Sports Hall of Fame . In 2004 , he was inducted into the University of Utah Crimson Club Hall of Fame .
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Bateman was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the third round ( 78th overall ) of the 1972 NFL Draft and became the starter , after the team traded Pro Bowl punter Ron Widby to the Green Bay Packers along with cornerback Ike Thomas , in exchange for a 1973 second round draft choice ( # 46-Golden Richards ) .
As a rookie , his progress was slowed by a sprained ankle he suffered in the second game of the season . He averaged a disappointing 38.2 yards per punt , but still received NFL All-Rookie honors .
In 1973 , he improved his average to 41.6 yards per punt . He missed one game after suffering a collision against the Washington Redskins . He was the backup placekicker and made an extra point in his only attempt .
On October 30 , 1974 , he was released because of poor performances and replaced with Duane Carrell .
Buffalo Bills
On November 13 , 1974 , the Buffalo Bills signed him as a free agent to replace Spike Jones . He led the NFL two years in a row in net yards per punt .
In 1976 , he led the NFL in punting average ( 42.8 yards ) , but his net average was only 28.7 yards , although he had a 78-yard punt , which still stands as the longest punt in team history . On August 24 , 1978 , he was released after being passed on the depth chart by Rusty Jackson .
San Francisco 49ers
On May 3 , 1979 , he signed with the San Francisco 49ers . He was cut on August 14 .
St. Louis Cardinals
On July 16 , 1980 , he signed with the St. Louis Cardinals . He was released on August 26 .
References
External links
Discipline punted Bateman to Top
1950 births
Living people
Players of American football from Salt Lake City
American football punters
Utah Utes football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Buffalo Bills players
Nanai Derek Sua ( born 29 December 1987 ) is a Samoan judoka who has represented Samoa at the Pacific Games , Commonwealth Games , and Olympic Games .
He competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow , but did not advance .
He was awarded with a wild card for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , in the men 's +100 kg , where he was eliminated by Abdullo Tangriev in the second round .
He won a gold medal at the 2017 OJU Senior Championships in Nukuʻalofa , Tonga . He won bronze at the 2019 Pacific Games in Apia .
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Samoan male judoka
Olympic judoka of Samoa
Commonwealth Games competitors for Samoa
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
George Murray Kay ( 23 November 1905 – 12 October 1991 ) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Kay made his full All Whites debut in a 2–4 loss to Australia on 5 June 1933 and ended his international playing career with four A-international caps and one goal to his credit , his final cap an appearance in a 1–4 loss to Australia on 18 July 1936 .
References
1905 births
1991 deaths
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
British emigrants to New Zealand
Gray Rothwell `` Mick '' Sibun ( 12 April 1929 – 1 May 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1950 and 1956 , mainly as a rover and half-forward flanker . He also played interstate football for Victoria . Sibun grew up in Albert Park , Victoria , which at the time fell into South Melbourne 's recruitment zone . Along with Bob Giles , Sibun played for South Melbourne Under-19s . He made his debut for South Melbourne in Round 1 of the 1950 season , kicking two goals on debut in a match the Swans won by 20 points . Sibun played mainly as a half-forward flanker , kicking 88 goals in his 111-game VFL career , with the best of four goals , which he recorded twice - once in 1953 against , and once in 1954 , against After the 1956 season , Sibun left the VFL to become playing-coach at Rupanyup in the Wimmera Football League ( WFL ) . He captained-coached the club to its first premiership in 1961 , and to another in 1963 . In total he played 133 games for Rupanyup . He is considered by some to be the best footballer to ever play in the WFL .
See also
List of South Melbourne Football Club players
References
External links
1929 births
2011 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Sydney Swans players
Rupanyup Football Club players
Maria Gulovich Liu ( October 19 , 1921 - September 25 , 2009 ) was a Slovak schoolteacher who joined the underground resistance during World War II . She was awarded the Bronze Star for her `` heroic and meritorious '' service in aiding agents of the American Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) and British intelligence escape Nazi-occupied territory during the winter of 1944-1945 .
Biography
Gulovich was born in Litmanová , Slovakia , in Stará Ľubovňa in 1921 . She was the blue-eyed daughter of Edmund Gulovich who was a Greek Catholic village priest and Anastasia who was an elementary school teacher . She attended the Greek Catholic Institute for Teachers in Prešov . She became a school teacher in Jarabina in 1940 and later in Hriňová .
After Slovakia was occupied by Germany in 1939 , Gulovich continued to teach . In early 1944 , a Jewish friend asked Gulovich to hide his sister and her five-year-old son . She later recalled , `` I never intended to hide anyone . My sister brought the woman 's brother and he was crying and I 'm a softie . And he said , 'Would you hide her just for a few days until she finds something else ? ' She never did . I was stuck with them . ''
From April through June 1944 , Gulovich hid the woman and her son in the Hriňová schoolhouse where she taught , allowing them to stay in the living quarters while she slept in the classroom .
Her concealment of the Jews was reported to the Slovak authorities , and a Slovak Army captain was sent to question Gulovich about her actions . Fortunately for Gulovich , the Slovak officer sent to investigate was part of the anti-fascist resistance . Gulovich later recalled , `` Lucky for me . Otherwise we would n't be here . ''
The Slovak officer offered to find a new hiding place for the woman and her son if Gulovich would become a courier for the resistance . Gulovich reluctantly agreed and moved to Banská Bystrica , where she was employed as a dressmaker for an underground sympathizer .
Her first mission required her to smuggle a short-wave radio in a suitcase on a train . She had a close call when the Gestapo stopped the train and began methodically checking all the passengers ' luggage . In a 1989 interview , she recalled the incident as follows : There were a bunch of Wehrmacht officers sitting in a compartment and one started flirting with me -- which I gladly returned . They said , 'Fraulein ' -- I spoke German at the time -- 'would you sit with us ? ' They made a seat for me in the compartment and the officer carried my suitcase into the compartment with him . The Gestapo came by , saluted , and went on . ''
Because of her fluency in five languages ( including Russian , Hungarian , Slovak ) as well as speaking a little English , Gulovich was assigned to work as a translator for the resistance . When the Slovak National Uprising began at end of August 1944 , she worked in the rebel headquarters translating documents from Slovak into Russian for Soviet military intelligence .
During the summer of 1944 , Gulovich was introduced to American OSS agents who had been sent to assist the Slovak uprising and rescue downed American airmen .
In October 1944 , the Germans crushed the uprising , and Gulovich fled to the mountains where Soviets , Americans and several thousand rebel troops evaded the German Army . The OSS mission in Slovakia was led by a South Carolina cotton magnate , Holt Green , and included a dozen OSS agents , 18 airmen , and an Associated Press correspondent Joe Morton . The Americans asked Gulovich to join them as their translator and guide as they sought to escape from German-occupied territory . Gulovich agreed and helped the Americans obtain provisions , shelter and intelligence as they moved through the Slovak countryside . Gulovich later recounted how she would concoct a cover story on entering a new village : `` I would say I was looking for my brother or we had had to evacuate ... And depending on the answers , I would know whether to keep talking or say , 'thank you , ' and move on . Ironically if someone was a communist , I knew I could trust them . '' On several occasions , Gulovich had confrontations with German soldiers , and one of the OSS agents later recalled that `` she got by through wit and guile '' and her ability to speak German .
As the Americans sought to evade capture , an elite German intelligence unit was sent to the area to track them down . According to one historic account , `` SS units prowled the countryside , executing whole villages of suspected partisan sympathizers and families sheltering Jews while looking for the Allied mission . ''
As the winter arrived , Gulovich and the Americans were caught in a blizzard on Mt . Ďumbier , the highest mountain in the Low Tatra range in central Slovakia . She later recalled that `` the wind blew so hard that it turned people over . Our eyebrows and hair changed into bunches of icicles . '' They kept moving forward , passing 83 partisans who had been frozen stiff on the mountain .
In late December 1944 , Gulovich and the Americans stayed at a hunting lodge for two weeks . The group had planned to leave the lodge on Christmas Day , but stayed an extra day waiting for an overdue airdrop of provisions . On December 26 , 1944 , Gulovich and four others from the group ( two American and two British ) left the lodge seeking food and medical supplies . While they were gone , the Germans raided the hunting lodge . The Americans were captured and later executed .
Gulovich and the four others who were away from the lodge avoided capture . It took the five of them nine more weeks to get to the Eastern front lines . She recalled that they never felt safe for a minute . To avoid capture , they often moved each night to new locations , including a mine and a barn , and suffered through lice and frostbite . Gulovich 's foot became seriously frostbitten , but she declined to seek medical attention . She later explained her rationale for avoiding hospitals : `` It never occurred to me to go , because I knew I would never come out . The Germans had my number . I thought , better to die on my feet than in a concentration camp . ''
Gulovich arrived in Bucharest on March 1 , 1945 , and was flown to OSS headquarters in Italy . She was put `` on Army status '' so that she could be paid for her service . She was later assigned to Prague as an interpreter , where she met Allen Dulles , an OSS officer who later became the director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
To reward her for her service , Dulles and OSS chief William Donovan arranged for Gulovich to immigrate to the United States with a scholarship to Vassar College . She recalled that she felt out of place at Vassar and was astonished by the waste of food she saw there : `` My first night there , I broke down and cried when I saw the food they were throwing out . I saw in my mind the millions of hungry , starving people -- my family included . ''
In 1946 , Donovan personally awarded Gulovich with the Bronze Star at a ceremony held at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
In September 1946 , the Los Angeles Times published an article about Gulovich 's work with the OSS . The Times wrote : `` Vivacious Maria Gulovich , 25 , Czechoslovakian schoolteacher who arrived here yesterday , is the essence of what fictionalized women spies should look like . ''
Gulovich became an American citizen in 1952 and moved to Oxnard , California and worked for many years as a real estate agent in Ventura County , California . She was married twice and had two children , Edmund E. Peck and Lynn S. Peck , with her first husband , attorney Eugene C. Peck . She later married Hans P. Liu . She had one granddaughter , Elisabeth Maria Peck .
In 1989 , Gulovich and other women who had served the OSS were honored with a black-tie dinner for `` The Ladies of the OSS '' in Washington , D.C. Gulovich was interviewed by a reporter for The Washington Post at the time of the event and was the subject of a feature that drew attention to her story .
Notes
Slovak people of World War II
People of the Office of Strategic Services
Vassar College alumni
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
1921 births
2009 deaths
Female resistance members of World War II
Foreign recipients of the United States military awards and decorations
Kelsale Windmill may refer to a number of windmills in Kelsale , Suffolk .
Skoulding 's Mill , a tower mill at
Steam Post Mill at Skoulding 's , a post mill at
Harvey 's Mill , a post mill at
Carlton Mill , a post mill at approximately
Sources
Windmills in Suffolk
Karkuse may refer to several places in Estonia :
Karkuse , Tapa Parish , village in Lääne-Viru County , Estonia
Karkuse , Vinni Parish , village in Lääne-Viru County , Estonia
The European Journal of Lymphology and Related Problems is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the European Society of Lymphology . The journal was established in 1990 and covers research in the fields of lymphology and related areas . The editor-in-chief is Francesco Boccardo ( University of Genoa ) . In addition to the printed journal , content is distributed free of cost online in PDF format .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Embase and Scopus .
References
External links
Lymphology
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1990
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
Cardiology journals
Somerset is an historic villa in Kinnoull , Perth and Kinross , Scotland . Located on Kinnoull Terrace , it is a Category C listed building , built around 1868 . It is one of five listed properties on the street , denoted by Historic Environment Scotland as items of special interest . Several of the properties appear on maps of Perth from the 1860s .
References
19th-century establishments in Scotland
Listed buildings in Kinnoull , Perth and Kinross
Category C listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Mozvash ( , also Romanized as Mazvash ; also known as Mazoosh ) is a village in Hastijan Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 165 , in 65 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Leigh Whannell ( ; born 17 January 1977 ) is an Australian screenwriter , actor , film producer , and film director . He is best known for writing films directed by his friend James Wan , including Saw ( 2004 ) , Dead Silence ( 2007 ) , Insidious ( 2010 ) , and Insidious : Chapter 2 ( 2013 ) . Whannell made his directorial debut with Insidious : Chapter 3 ( 2015 ) , and has since directed two more films , Upgrade ( 2018 ) and The Invisible Man ( 2020 ) .
Whannell and Wan are the creators of the Saw franchise . Whannell wrote the first installment , co-wrote the second and third installments , was producer or executive producer for all the films , and appeared as the Adam Stanheight character in three of the installments . He was also the writer of the Saw video game ( 2009 ) , and co-writer of the 2014 film Cooties .
Early life
Whannell was born in Melbourne , Australia . He believes that he inherited his love of storytelling from his mother , and his fondness of filmmaking from his father , who was a cameraman in the television industry . Born one of two boys , he grew up with his brother in Melbourne .
Career
Television
A writer since childhood , Whannell worked as a reporter and film critic for several Australian television shows , including ABC 's Recovery , a Saturday morning youth-oriented program that was hosted by Dylan Lewis . Whannell has described the show in a 2011 blog post :
The result was that instead of following the usual MTV ideal of what teenagers want in a TV show— “ Hey kids , coming up next we 've got some seriously WICKED windsurfing moves ! ! ” —Recovery managed to tap into the so-called “ alternative ” movement that was in full swing at the time by giving teenagers what they actually want : genuine , unpolished anarchy .
Whannell had originally auditioned for the host role , but was later employed as a reporter ; Whannell 's first interview was with Jackie Chan and he has stated that `` Recovery is the best job I 've ever had ... '' .
Whannell appeared in Episode 4 , Season 1 of the RMITV production Under Melbourne Tonight presents What 's Goin ' On There ? on 10 June 1998 .
Film
In 2003 , Whannell appeared in a minor role in The Matrix Reloaded , as well as in the video game Enter The Matrix as the character `` Axel '' .
While in film school , Whannell met James Wan . Together , the two wrote a script for what would become Saw . After making a short film in 2003 to showcase the intensity of the Saw script , the feature film version , directed by Wan , was made in 2004 and became a low-budget sleeper hit . Whannell played Adam Stanheight in the film , one of the main characters . The popularity of Saw led to a sequel , Saw II , which was directed and co-written by Darren Lynn Bousman , and on which Whannell co-wrote and revised Bousman 's original script , titled The Desperate . Whannell also served as an executive producer .
Around the same time , Whannell returned to collaborate with Wan ; they wrote a film called Dead Silence , which Wan directed . It was originally slated for a 2006 release , but small problems with the title pushed the release date back to March 2007 . In 2006 , the duo composed the story for Saw III ; Whannell wrote the screenplay for the third time . It was again directed by Bousman and was released on 27 October 2006 . Whannell has a featured cameo , reprising his role as Adam . Saw III grossed $ 33,610,391 on its opening weekend , making around $ 129,927,001 worldwide ( after 38 days in cinemas ) and is currently the most successful Saw film to date .
Whannell 's writing partner , Wan , was chosen to direct the film Death Sentence , the first feature film with their participation that they did not write themselves . Whannell has a small role as Spink in Death Sentence .
In 2008 , Whannell took off his `` writing hat '' to perform alongside Nathan Phillips in Dying Breed , a low-budget Australian horror film about a team of zoologists exploring the Tasmanian wilderness to locate a creature thought extinct , the thylacine , or Tasmanian tiger . Instead , they wander into the domain of cannibals who retain their ancestor Alexander Pearce 's taste for human flesh , and become prey .
Before and during the production of Saw , Whannell sought medical treatment . `` I was going through a bit of a tough time healthwise and suffering anxiety , '' says Whannell . `` The anxiety manifested itself in physical ways . I was suffering headaches everyday for nearly a year . It was serious stuff and really started affecting my life . '' Spending time in a hospital inspired him to endow the lead antagonist of the Saw series , John Kramer / Jigsaw , with cancer . `` It was weird to be 25 and sitting in a neurological ward and I 'm surrounded by people who actually had brain tumors . It was very scary and it was my first proper look at mortality . I really wanted to get my health back and it really hammered home how important good health is . If you 've got that , you 've got everything '' .
Whannell wrote the script for and acted in the 2011 paranormal thriller film , Insidious , which was directed by Wan and produced by Oren Peli .
In relation to the Saw franchise , Whannell stated , also in 2011 :
It 's hard to say definitively , because we do n't own the copyright for it . The producers could make 10 more if they wanted to . But , if we 're to take them at face value , they told us that they were definitely done with it . They 're pretty exhausted . They 've been making one a year every year for the past seven years , so I think they need some time off .
Media reports were published in mid-2013 in regard to Cooties , a film project that Whannell is an executive producer , actor and screenwriter for . The film 's plot concerns an extreme virus that infects an isolated elementary school . Whannell made his directing debut on the sequel Insidious : Chapter 3 ( 2015 ) , which he also wrote .
In 2014 , Whannell expressed possible interest in returning to the Saw franchise ; however , in a November 2013 post on his personal blog , Whannell described a new chapter beyond his partnership with Wan , as the director had finally reached his goal of making epic-style blockbuster productions . Whannel explained : `` Now , he 's off making the films he 's always wanted to make - the big ones . I have no doubt that his name will be added to that special club of film directors that he 's always admired very soon . I 'm so happy for him , like a proud father . And that is why it is the end of an era . '' Whannell also added that he does n't rule out collaborating with Wan again , but he felt like he needs to direct a film for the first time .
Whannell was writer-director of the science fiction body horror film Upgrade , which was released by Blumhouse Tilt and OTL Releasing in 2018 to positive reception . Whannell next wrote , directed , and co-executive produced a retooling of H.G . Wells ' book The Invisible Man . The film starred Elisabeth Moss and Oliver Jackson-Cohen , and was released in 2020 to universal critical acclaim . In July 2020 , it was announced that he 's working on a sequel to The Invisible Man . Whannell is currently working on a reboot of Escape from New York . He 's also producing and directing a sequel series to Upgrade . He is in talks to direct a remake of The Wolf Man with Blumhouse Productions producing and starring Ryan Gosling .
Filmography
Film
Executive producer only
Saw IV ( 2007 )
Saw V ( 2008 )
Saw VI ( 2009 )
Saw 3D ( 2010 )
Jigsaw ( 2017 )
Spiral ( 2021 )
Acting roles
Music videos
References
External links
1977 births
Australian male film actors
Australian film producers
Australian screenwriters
Australian expatriates in the United States
Horror film directors
Living people
RMIT University alumni
Writers from Melbourne
Film directors from Melbourne
English-language film directors
John Kelso may refer to :
John R. Kelso , American politician , author , lecturer and school principal
J. J. Kelso ( John Joseph Kelso ) , newspaper reporter and social crusader
John of Kelso , Tironensian monk and bishop
See also
The task system is a system of labor under slavery characteristic in the Americas . It is usually regarded as less brutal than other forms of slave labor . The other form , known as the gang system , was harsher . Under this system , each slave is assigned a specific task to complete for the day . After that task is finished , the slave is then free to do as he or she wishes with the remaining time . The gang systems forced the slaves to work until the owner said they were finished and allowed them almost no freedom . Whether plantation owners organized their slaves on the task or gang system had much to do with the type of crops they harvested . Tobacco and sugar cultivation was organized into gangs since those crops required considerable processing and supervision . Coffee , rice , and pimento were comparatively hardier plants where extensive supervision was unnecessary , leading planters to favor the task system on their plantations .
Early rice task system
Evidence suggests that the task system , in some places , included a gender dimension . The women laborers played a major role in the work force for rice cultivation in South Carolina . This was a division of labor that transferred directly from West African cultures . Women were responsible for the planting , weeding , harvesting , threshing , and polishing of the rice crop . Men were responsible for building canals and rice fields , flooding and draining fields , and protecting the crops from animals .
This gendered division of labor that was already in place in the African tribal systems of rice cultivation before the Atlantic slave trade brought the slaves over to the American colonies . It was an aspect of the constellation of skills and technologies used in traditional African rice cultivation . The slaves used this knowledge to bargain with the plantation owners to gain more control over their work . It gave the plantation owners a greater knowledge of this new and non-indigenous form of farming .
`` Planters knew that slaves grew rice ; they also know which ethnic groups specialized in its cultivation . This knowledge came from their sustained contact with slaves in shaping the Carolina frontier and growing food staples for mutual survival . ''
The highly developed and knowledgeable skills concerning rice planting possessed by slaves led to their successful ability to use these skills as a bargaining chip in determining the length and conditions of their bondage in the Americas .
See also
Gang system
References
Slavery in North America
Slavery in South America
Slavery in the Caribbean
Enseruda ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet , Gunibsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 42 as of 2010 .
Geography
Enseruda is located 46 km northwest of Gunib ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the Kudiyabor River . Chonob and Khamagib are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Avars live there .
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Kim So-hee ( ; born January 20 , 1995 ) is a South Korean singer . She is known for being a contestant of the first season of Produce 101 , a member of the project girl groups C.I.V.A and I.B.I . Kim debuted as a soloist on November 8 , 2017 , with the EP The Fillette . After a two-year hiatus , Kim left Music Works and joined n.Ch Entertainment in July 2019 , introduced as a new member of girl group Nature .
Career
2016–2018 : Produce 101 and career beginnings
On July 7 , 2016 , So-hee debuted as a member of CIVA , a project girl group formed in the Mnet mockumentary show The God of Music 2 , with a remake of `` Why ? '' by Diva .
On August 18 , 2016 , So-hee became part of another project girl group , IBI , which consists of eliminated contestants from Produce 101 ( season 1 ) and was managed by Kakao M ( formerly LOEN Entertainment ) .
On April 10 , 2017 , it was announced that So-hee was one of the cast members in KBS TV reality show Idol Drama Operation Team . The show invited 7 girl group members to create their very own Korean drama series by becoming accredited scriptwriters as well as acting in the series as fictional versions of themselves . The drama they were working on was called Let 's Only Walk The Flower Road , an autobiographical drama . The first episode of the drama was broadcast on May 29 via Naver TV Cast , V Live and YouTube before being aired on KBS N and KBS World on June 10 . It aired daily for 8 episodes until July 3 . Ten days after the end of the drama series , Girls Next Door – the girl group of 7 members made their official debut on Music Bank on July 14 , 2017 .
On November 8 , 2017 , So-hee made her official debut as a soloist with extended play The Fillette and its lead single `` Sobok Sobok '' featuring Yezi of Fiestar .
2019–present : Debut with Nature
On October 8 , 2019 , she signed an exclusive contract with n.CH Entertainment , and was announced to have joined the girl group Nature .
Role Model
On November 8 , 2017 , during the interview of the showcase for her mini album The Fillette , So-hee described her admiration for senior female solo artist IU . She said , `` My role model is IU . She [ has a good ] voice , vocal skills , and is all around good at everything , so I have been practicing with her as my role model . '' She continued , `` I want to emulate her innocence , look in her eyes , singing abilities , and steady vocals even when she 's dancing on stage . ''
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Filmography
Television shows
Awards
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Kakao M artists
K-pop singers
South Korean women pop singers
South Korean contemporary R & B singers
South Korean dance musicians
South Korean female idols
Musicians from Busan
Superstar K participants
Produce 101 contestants
21st-century South Korean singers
21st-century South Korean women singers
William B . Black ( born 1941 ) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 104th district from 1986 until 2011 . He was the Deputy Republican Leader .
Early life and career
Black earned a Bachelor of Arts from William Jewell College and a Master of Arts in education from UIUC College of Education . He went on to become an administrator at Danville Community College . Black was a member of the Vermilion County Board and served as its chair prior to being appointed to the Illinois House of Representatives .
Illinois House of Representatives
Black was appointed to the Illinois House of Representatives in 1986 after Representative Babe Woodyard was appointed to the Illinois Senate . He then defeated former State Representative Larry Stuffle in the 1986 general election .
During the 2008 Republican Party presidential primaries , Black served on the Illinois leadership team of the presidential campaign of former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani .
In 2007 , Black had announced his plans to retire at the end of that term , but he entered the race for re-election after the Republican nominee , Scott Eisenhouer , withdrew his candidacy . In November 2008 , Black was re-elected to office , defeating Democrat Lori DeYoung of Fithian , Illinois . Black resigned from the Illinois House effective December 22 , 2010 . The Republican county party chairs of the district appointed Chad Hays to succeed him . Hays was sworn into office on December 22 , 2010 .
Post-legislative career
In 2013 , Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno appointed Black to the Procurement Policy Board for a four-year term .
References
External links
Illinois General Assembly - Representative William B . Black ( R ) 104th District official IL House website
1941 births
Living people
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
People from Danville , Illinois
21st-century American politicians
Fritz Vogelgsang ( 1 March 1930 in Stuttgart – 22 October 2009 in Chiva de Morella ) was a German translator , essayist and editor .
He translated into German the work of various important Spanish-language writers : Rafael Alberti , Ramón del Valle Inclán , Antonio Machado , Octavio Paz , Pablo Neruda , Juan Ramón Jiménez , Miguel Ángel Asturias , etc .
Honors
Literaturpreis der Stadt Stuttgart ( 1978 )
Christoph-Martin-Wieland-Übersetzerpreis ( 1979 )
Premio Nacional de Formento de la Traducción de Autores Espanoles ( 1984 )
Premi de Literatura Catalana ( 1985 )
Johann-Heinrich-Voß-Preis für Übersetzung ( 1991 )
Wilhelm-Merton-Preis für europäische Übersetzungen ( 2001 )
Preis der Leipziger Buchmesse ( 2008 )
References
External links
Nachruf auf Fritz Vogelgsang in der `` Frankfurter Rundschau ''
1930 births
2009 deaths
Writers from Stuttgart
Spanish–German translators
German essayists
German male essayists
20th-century German translators
20th-century essayists
20th-century German male writers
Garcinia forbesii , commonly known as the rose kandis or just kandis , is a small to medium-sized tree in the family Clusiaceae or Guttiferae . The specific epithet ( forbesii ) honors Scottish naturalist Henry Ogg Forbes .
Distribution
Garcinia forbesii is found in Southeast Asia and is native to Indonesia , Malaysia , Brunei , Papua New Guinea , Singapore , and southern Thailand .
Description
The tree rarely exceeds 20 feet ( 6 meters ) in height domestically but has been recorded at heights of nearly 60 feet ( 18 meters ) in the wild and produces a round , smooth , small fruit which is red to white in color and has edible arils , which have been described as being similar to mangosteen in flavor . The trunk is straight and the foliage is dense , often concealing the trunk with branches appearing relatively close to the ground . It is a dioecious species with leathery , elliptically shaped evergreen leaves , and a yellow latex is produced in the inner bark of the tree . The pungent flowers are nocturnal and four-petaled , and in males are crimson in color and occur in clusters while in females are red or orange and occur solitarily . They are insect-pollinated . It grows in forests up to in elevation and is hardy to USDA zone 11 .
Chemistry
Several xanthones have been isolated from the branches of Garcinia forbesii : known compounds pyranojacareubin and 1,3,7-trihydroxy-23-methylbut-2-enyl-xanthone , lichexanthone , as well as a new chromenoxanthone , forbexanthone .
Uses
The fruit is sometimes gathered and eaten raw .
Conservation status
In Singapore , the species is listed as critically endangered .
See also
List of Garcinia species
References
forbesii
Trees of Southeast Asia
Plants described in 1890
Taxa named by George King ( botanist )
Fruits originating in Asia
Fruit trees
Edible fruits
`` That Black Snake Moan '' is a song written and recorded by American country blues musician Blind Lemon Jefferson . Inspired by singer Victoria Spivey 's `` Black Snake Blues '' , the song was released on Paramount Records in 1926 , and has since become recognized as a signature composition which exemplifies Jefferson 's unconventional melodic style and utilization of double entendres . The song was re-recorded a year later than `` Black Snake Moan '' for Okeh Records , and both versions have remained accessible through the availability of several compilation albums .
Background
During the 1920s , Paramount Records were in-demand for customers of genuine country blues recordings . Blind Lemon Jefferson had been performing across Texas and the Mississippi Delta since 1912 and garnered a considerable following . Jefferson was signed to Paramount in 1925 as a result of one of two proposed scenarios : pianist Sammy Price recommended him to the label or Paramount music director Arthur C. Laibly discovered Jefferson performing on Dallas streets . Regardless , a talent scout recorded demos with Jefferson and the singer traveled to Chicago to record his first official sides : a pair of gospel tunes under the pseudonym Deacon L. J. Bates . Sales were strong , prompting further sessions with Jefferson in 1926 .
In his third session for Paramount , Jefferson recorded `` That Black Snake Moan '' , along with `` Black Horse Blues '' , `` Corina Blues '' , and `` Jack O ' Diamond Blues '' . Riddled with sexual nuances , lyrically `` That Black Snake Moan '' was explicit with its intentions , with lines such as `` Mmm , black snake crawlin ' in my room / And some pretty mama had better come and get this black snake soon '' . Record producer J. Mayo Williams recalled Jefferson was `` just as cool and collected as any artist I 've ever seen '' as they carried out the session . Indeed , Jefferson 's calm and collected persona coupled with high-pitched howls added to the song 's sexual innuendo . Jefferson was inspired to compose the song after singer Victoria Spivey enjoyed success with `` Black Snake Blues '' , a tune that Spivey insists was not intended to have the same sexual innuendo as Jefferson 's `` That Black Snake Moan '' .
`` That Black Snake Moan '' was first released on Paramount in October 1926 . Jefferson re-recorded another version of the song for Okeh Records , which was closely related to the original rendition , but also had superior sound quality . This version , titled simply `` Black Snake Moan '' , was released in March 1927 along with another well-known Jefferson tune `` Matchbox Blues '' . The composition has remained relatively accessible throughout the years , appearing on Jefferson compilation albums such as The Immortal Blind Lemon , Black Snake Moan , and King of the Blues .
References
1926 songs
Hokum blues songs
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Paramount Records singles
Okeh Records singles
USS Glenard P. Lipscomb ( SSN-685 ) was a unique nuclear-powered attack submarine of the United States Navy .
The submarine was named after Glenard P. Lipscomb , who served as a representative from California 's 24th congressional district from 1953 until his death in 1970 .
Design
Glenard P. Lipscomb was the Navy 's second submarine design using turbo-electric transmission ; the first was the smaller . Glenard P. Lipscomb was intended to test the potential advantages of this propulsion system for providing quieter and safer submarine operations for a full sized attack submarine . The Tullibee direct current plant had to be scaled up by a factor of six , which resulted in a displacement of 6,400 tons and a length of . Glenard P. Lipscomb was thus heavier and larger than similar vessels with conventional drive trains , which resulted in slower speeds due to the greater mass and wetted area . Those disadvantages , along with reliability and heat issues , led to the decision not to use the design for the follow-on s. Other than the engine room , Glenard P. Lipscomb was generally similar to the , and although serving as a test platform she was a fully combat-capable attack submarine .
Interestingly , the Glenard P Lipscomb was not issued a Ship Characteristics Board project number in 1964 at the start of its design phase , despite the new and unique engine room machinery . The likely reason was the bureaucratic battle between Admiral Hyman G. Rickover and Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara over the project , a battle that McNamara lost ( McNamara had opposed the submarine on budgetary grounds , and in fact saw the entire nuclear submarine program as a financial drain ) . It would later be issued SCB number 302 after the 1969 pierside sinking of the .
Construction
Construction of Glenard P. Lipscomb began on 5 June 1971 at the Electric Boat Company shipyard in Groton , Connecticut . Secretary of Defense Melvin R. Laird , a long-time colleague and friend of Glenard Lipscomb , spoke at the keel-laying ceremony . Glenard P. Lipscomb was launched on 4 August 1973 , sponsored by Mrs. Glenard P. Lipscomb , and was commissioned on 21 December 1974 .
Career
Glenard P. Lipscomb deployed to the North Atlantic in the fall of 1976 , followed immediately by a deployment to the Mediterranean Sea in the winter and spring of 1977 . The boat was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation .
The submarine deployed to the North Atlantic in the winter and spring of 1978 . Glenard P. Lipscomb was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation . She deployed to the Mediterranean Sea in the winter and spring of 1979 .
Glenard P. Lipscomb was awarded the Commander , Submarine Development Squadron Twelve , Battle Efficiency [ White ] `` E '' and Engineering Excellence [ Red ] `` E '' for Fiscal Years 1977 , 1978 under the command of Commander Robert B. Wilkinson and 1979 , and 1980 under the command of Commander Thomas Robertson .
In 1987 , she was involved in a collision with a tugboat in the Cooper River at Naval Weapons Station Charleston . Suffering slight damage to her towed array housing and propeller , she was required to spend an extra week in drydock to facilitate repairs . There were no injuries aboard the submarine ; however , the tugboat sank as a result of the collision .
Glenard P. Lipscomb was decommissioned and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 11 July 1990 and disposed of under the submarine recycling program at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard on 1 December 1997 . Her active duty career of less than 16 years is one of the shortest for a nuclear submarine in the US Navy .
See also
Other submarines with unique silencing features
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Ships built in Groton , Connecticut
Submarines of the United States Navy
Cold War submarines of the United States
Experimental nuclear submarines of the United States Navy
1973 ships
Peire Guilhem de Luserna ( ) was a Piedmontese troubadour .
Peire 's identity as an Italian has been up for debate since the 19th century . `` Luserna '' more probably refers to Luserna in the Piedmont , rich and populous in Peire 's time , a town on the left bank of the Pellice lying on the road into the Viennois and Dauphiné , Occitan-speaking territories . On the other hand , it may be Lusarne ( Luserna in Italian ) in the Leberon valley in Provence , on the road between Reillane in the Basses-Alpes and Bastide-des-Jourdans .
Peire was probably at the court of the Este beginning in 1221 , during the reign of Azzo VII , husband of Giovanna , the object of one of Peire 's songs . Sometime before arriving at Ferrara , Peire was probably at the court of Manfred III of Saluzzo . In 1220 Aimeric de Peguilhan , then at the Malaspina court , mentioned him in a poem—Ni un autre tirador / qu'eu no vuoill dir de Luserna—as being among a quintet of Occitan poets at Saluzzo : Peire , Perceval Doria , Nicoletto da Torino , Chantarel , and Trufarel , all of whom Aimeric despised ( and feared as a competition ) .
During the height of the conflict between the Emperor Frederick II and Milan , Peire wrote En aquest gai sonet leuger ( `` In this light , gay song '' ) , dedicated to Giovanna :
This song can be roughly dated . Frederick was at odds with Milan in 1225–7 and 1230–3 , but shortly after 2 March 1226 , when the Lombard League was renewed is the most probable time .
Peire also wrote a defence of Cunizza da Romano in the form of a tenso with Uc de Saint Circ ( Qi na Cuniça guerreia , `` Who fights for Lady Cunizza '' ) , a coblas esparsa which begins Be.s met en gran aventura ( `` Well is put to great risk '' ) , a religious canso to the Virgin Mary ( Ai , Vergena , en cui ai m'entendenza ! , `` Ah , Virgin , to whom my thought is turned ! `` ) , and a generic love song No.m fai chantar amors ni drudaria ( `` Neither love nor gallantry can make me sing '' ) .
Notes
Sources
Bertoni , Giulio . I Trovatori d'Italia : Biografie , testi , tradizioni , note . Rome : Società Multigrafica Editrice Somu , 1967 [ 1915 ] .
Riquer , Martín de . Los trovadores : historia literaria y textos . 3 vols . Barcelona : Planeta , 1975 .
13th-century Italian troubadours
Occitan-language poets
People from Luserna San Giovanni
Bakel may refer to :
Places
Bakel Department , Senegal
Bakel , Senegal , a town in the eastern part of Senegal , capital of the Department
Bakel , Netherlands , a village in southern part of the Netherlands
Bakel en Milheeze , a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant , now part of Gemert-Bakel
Bekal , in Kasaragod , India
People
John Bakel ( born 1972 ) , American fashion designer
See also
Gemert-Bakel , Netherlands
Kees Bakels ( born 1945 ) , Dutch conductor
District 56 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes portions of Klamath and Lake counties . The current representative for the district is Republican E. Werner Reschke of Klamath Falls .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time ; therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Klamath County , Oregon
Lake County , Oregon
Message to the Blackman in America is a book published by original Nation of Islam founder Elijah Muhammad in 1965 and reprinted several times since . After the death of Elijah Muhammad in 1975 , it was first reprinted by UBUS Communications Systems . The Official online edition was uploaded by Seventhfam.com in 1997 . Beginning with a brief autobiography of Muhammad , it also covers his philosophies on race , the religion of Islam , politics , economics , and social issues , and how they relate to the problems of African-Americans . The book also covers his own ideology and how he feels that the `` Blackman '' can improve himself in America . The book calls for justice under the laws of America ; or for America to help settle black people in a separate land of its own , `` either here or elsewhere . ''
Nation of Islam
1965 non-fiction books
Hedwig ( or Heilwig ; – 1303 ) , a member of the royal House of Habsburg , was Margravine of Brandenburg from 1279 until 1285/1286 , by her marriage with the Ascanian margrave Otto VI of Brandenburg-Salzwedel .
Hedwig was born in Rheinfelden , Swabia , the seventh of nine children of Count Rudolf IV of Habsburg and his first wife , Gertrude of Hohenberg . It is unknown when Hedwig was born , but it was probably between 1258 and 1261 from the evidence of the births of her two closest siblings .
The Habsburgs did not play much of a role in history until the time of Hedwig 's father , Count Rudolf , was elected king of Germany in 1273 , whereafter the family rose to one of the most powerful ruling dynasties in the Holy Roman Empire .
After the 1278 Battle on the Marchfeld , King Rudolf wished to make peace with the Bohemian kings , and to do this he needed to marry at least one of his daughters into the royal Přemyslid dynasty . Hedwig 's younger sister Judith was married to King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia , son of the late King Ottokar II , and Hedwig herself was married to Margrave Otto VI ( called `` the Small '' ) of Brandenburg , whose elder brother Otto V ( `` the Tall '' ) acted as King Wenceslaus ' guardian . Hedwig and Otto VI were married in 1279 at the Habsburg residence in Vienna , Austria .
Hedwig and Otto may have had a child who died young . In 1285 or 1286 , her husband renounced all claims to the Margraviate of Brandenburg in favour of his brother and joined the Knights Templar . Hedwig died about 1303 ; she was buried at the Cistercian abbey of Lehnin
References
13th-century House of Habsburg
13th-century German women
13th-century German nobility
14th-century German women
14th-century German nobility
Winston Cooper ( c.1929–1995 ) , better known as Count Matchuki or Count Machuki , was a Jamaican deejay .
Biography
Cooper was born c.1929 in Kingston , Jamaica , and began working on sound systems in the 1950s , when the music played was largely American R & B . His stage name of Count Matchuki derived from his habit of chewing matchsticks . He initially worked on Tom Wong 's Tom the Great Sebastian system and later the Tokyo the Monarch system , before moving on to Clement `` Coxsone '' Dodd 's Downbeat Sound System . He added talkovers to the songs , emulating the jive talk of American radio DJ 's at the request of Dodd , who became familiar with the US style on his visits to the States to buy records to play on his sound system . He thus originated a deejay style that was later developed by artists such as U-Roy . Matchuki started by adding spoken introductions to the records that were played , taking inspiration from the American magazine Jive . In the late 1950s , the prevailing sound changed with the advent of ska , and Matchuki added his deejay skills ( often uncredited ) to several records by The Skatalites . He introduced King Stitt to Dodd 's sound system , and Stitt took over as lead deejay when Matchuki left to join Prince Buster 's Voice of the People system . In the late 1960s , with little financial reward or recognition for his work , he left the music industry . He appeared in the Deep Roots Music documentary in the late 1970s along with Sir Lord Comic .
U-Roy has cited Matchuki as a major influence on his work . He said of Matchuki , `` Count Matchukie , well he was a man I used to love to listen to . Whenever you have been listening to this man , it was like you never hear anybody like that before . This man phrases his words in time , he does n't crowd the music when he 's talking . You can always hear what the vocalist got to sing . I used to say , I 'd like to be like this man . ''
Winston `` Count Matchuki '' Cooper died in 1995 . He is survived by his daughter Carla Cooper .
References
1995 deaths
Musicians from Kingston , Jamaica
Jamaican ska musicians
Year of birth uncertain
This is the discography of English progressive rock band Camel .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Box sets
Video albums
Other albums
Singles
References
Discographies of British artists
Rock music group discographies
The Secretary of State for the Northern Department was a position in the Cabinet of the government of Great Britain up to 1782 , when the Northern Department became the Foreign Office .
History
Before the Act of Union , 1707 , the Secretary of State 's responsibilities were in relation to the English government , not the British . Even after the Union , there was still a separate Secretary of State for Scotland until 1746 , though the post was sometimes vacant . This continued the previous Scottish government post of Secretary of State .
Before 1782 , the responsibilities of the two Secretaries of State for the Northern and the Southern Departments were not divided up in terms of area of authority , but rather geographically . The Secretary of State for the Northern Department was responsible for relations with the Netherlands , Scandinavia , Poland , Russia , and the Holy Roman Empire . The Secretary of State for the Southern Department was responsible for Ireland , the Channel Islands , France , Spain , Portugal , Switzerland , the states of Italy , and the Ottoman Empire . He was also responsible for the American colonies until 1768 , when the charge was given to the Secretary of State for the Colonies . Domestic responsibilities in England and Wales were shared between the two Secretaries . After the union with Scotland in 1707 , the two secretaries also took responsibility for Scotland when there was no Secretary of State for Scotland in office .
Until 1706 , the practice was generally for the senior official to lead the Southern Department , and the junior the Northern Department , with the Northern Secretary being transferred to the Southern Department when a vacancy arose at the latter . During the reigns of George I and George II , however , the Northern Department began to be seen as the more important , since its responsibilities included the monarchs ' ancestral home of Hanover . During the reign of George III , the two departments were of approximately equal importance .
In 1782 , the two Secretaries of State were reformed as the Secretary of State for the Home Department and the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs .
During the 18th century , Secretaries of State for the Northern Department , if peers , were often Leaders of the House of Lords as well .
Secretaries of State for the Northern Department , 1660–1782
Included :
See also
Secretary of State England
Secretary of State for the Southern Department
Home Secretary
References
Sources
Defunct ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
Lists of English politicians
Lists of government ministers of the United Kingdom
Great Britain politics-related lists
.
Kingdom of Great Britain
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
Northern Department 02 , Secretary of State
1660 establishments in England
1782 disestablishments in Great Britain
1660 establishments in the British Empire
1782 disestablishments in the British Empire
Venus Peter is a 1989 British film directed by Ian Sellar and produced by Christopher Young for Young films . The film is an adaptation of the novel A Twelvemonth and a Day by Christopher Rush . It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival . It was filmed on the Orkney Islands , in the North of Scotland . The film crew paid members of the Orkney community to act as extras in the film .
In 1999 Richard Mowe , curator of film at the National Museum of Scotland , chose the film as one of his top twenty Scottish films of the century .
Japanese rock band Venus Peter are named after the film .
Plot
The film is set on a western isle of Scotland in the 1950s and follows young Peter and his relationship in the mainly adult world of the fishing village and his relationship with the sea and fishing boats ( foremost of which is Kirkcaldy-registered KY199 ) . The most important relationship is between Peter and his fisherman grandfather .
Cast
George Anton as Billy
Louise Breslin as Leebie
Juliet Cadzow as Princess Paloma
Peter Caffrey as Father
Sinéad Cusack as Miss Balsilbie
Emma Dingwall as Jenny
Ken Drury as Gowans
Christopher Fairbank as Blind man
Cecil Garson as Gollie
David Hayman as Kinnear
Sam Hayman as Baby Peter
Scott Heddle as Peem
Ray Jeffries as Bank manager
Sheila Keith as Epp
Mary MacLeod as Miss Sangster
Ray McAnally as Grandpa
Alex McAvoy as Beadle
Robin McCaffrey as Georgina
Julia McCarthy as Agnes
Caroline Paterson as Mother
Gordon R. Strachan as Peter
Alan Tall as McCreevie
Cameron Stout as Bystander
Lorraine Buchan as Bystander
Justin Kimmett as Little Boy
References
External links
1989 films
Scottish films
English-language Scottish films
Films set in Orkney
Films shot in Scotland
1980s English-language films
Teo Hong Road ( ) is a one-way road located in the Tanjong Pagar area within the Outram Planning Area of Singapore . The road links Bukit Pasoh Road to New Bridge Road , and is lined with a row of conserved shophouses , built during colonial times . The conservation area is part of the Bukit Pasoh Conservation Area . The nearest MRT station is Outram Park MRT station .
Etymology and history
The road was named after a local carpenter named Teo Hong from Lam Ann , Fujian . He came to Singapore to become a building contractor . Among some of his projects , significant landmarks such as The Fullerton Singapore at Collyer Quay and the Old Ministry of Labour Building at Havelock Road . Teo Hong also owned pineapple plantations in Jurong and donated towards schools for his countrymen in the district .
References
Victor R Savage , Brenda S A Yeoh ( 2004 ) , Toponymics - A Study of Singapore Street Names , Eastern University Press ,
Roads in Singapore
Outram , Singapore
Tanjong Pagar
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1992 : .
1992
See also
1992 in Hong Kong
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1992 at HKcinemamagic.com
1992
Hong Kong
1992 in Hong Kong
Pars Oil Company is an oil refining company with headquarters in Tehran .
History and development
Pars Oil Company was founded in 1959 as a joint-stock company by Abdol-Ali Mirza Farmanfarmaian and some of his relatives , later adding more stockholders . It was admitted to the Tehran Stock Exchange in 1962 . After the Islamic Revolution of 1979 , the company was ceased by the revolutionary government and passed on to the control of the Mostazafen Foundation of Islamic Revolution , a government owned umbrella group set up as part of the nationalisation efforts of the new government . In the 1990s , some of the stocks were returned to former stockholders . In 2000 , Foad Rey purchased 48.7 percent of Pars Oil Company stocks .
Products
The company 's main product are gasoline engine oils , diesel engine oils , automotive gear oils , industrial oils , antifreezes , brake fluids , greases and marine oils .
Certifications
Pars Oil Company has qualified for ISO 9001 from SGS Industrial Services , as well as much other health , safety , and environment certificates including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 .
Export markets
Pars Oil Company started to export its products in 1994 . The current export markets are India , China , some African and European countries .
See also
Industry of Iran
Privatization in Iran
List of Iranian companies
National Iranian Oil Company
References
External links
http : //www.lubricants1.com/news/lubricant-news/january-2010/item-7599.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20160304064401/http : //companies.globalmarket.com/pars-oil-co-246893.html
Oil and gas companies of Iran
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1959
Companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange
Oil refineries in Iran
Iranian brands
Iranian companies established in 1959
Iranian entities subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
The Global University Leaders Forum ( GULF ) , a group of presidents from the world 's top 29 universities , was established in 2006 . It acts as a community to address educational , scientific and research agendas .
The current GULF Chair is Suzanne Fortier , Principal and Vice-Chancellor of McGill University . Membership is based on university ranking , individual leadership , geographical diversity , and the university 's relevance to the forum 's agenda .
A 2018 report by Times Higher Education and Elsevier found that the then-27 GULF members produced 7 % of the world 's research output , more than any individual country except the United States and China , and are responsible for 15.4 % of all research cited in patents , more than any individual country except the United States .
Affiliated Universities
North America
California Institute of Technology
Carnegie Mellon University
Columbia University
Georgetown University
Harvard University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
McGill University
Princeton University
Stanford University
University of California , Berkeley
University of Chicago
University of Pennsylvania
Yale University
Europe
Bocconi University
Cambridge University
ETH Zürich
Imperial College London
Oxford University
École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Asia
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
KAIST
Keio University ( F欄）
Nanyang Technological University
National University of Singapore
Peking University
Tsinghua University
University of Tokyo
Zhejiang University
Africa
University of Cape Town
References
External links
GULF Official Website
GULF Members
2006 establishments
International college and university associations and consortia
Carlisle County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 4,826 , making it the fourth-least populous county in Kentucky . Its county seat is Bardwell . The county was founded in 1886 and named for John Griffin Carlisle , a Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from Kentucky . It remains a prohibition or dry county .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.8 % ) is water . The county 's western border with Missouri is formed by the Mississippi River .
Adjacent counties
Ballard County ( north )
McCracken County ( northeast )
Graves County ( east )
Hickman County ( south )
Mississippi County , Missouri ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,351 people , 2,208 households , and 1,574 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 2,490 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.78 % White , 0.95 % Black or African American , 0.41 % Native American , 0.07 % Asian , 0.22 % from other races , and 0.56 % from two or more races . 0.82 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,208 households , out of which 30.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.50 % were married couples living together , 9.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.70 % were non-families . 26.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.40 % under the age of 18 , 7.80 % from 18 to 24 , 26.40 % from 25 to 44 , 24.10 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.30 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 95.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,087 , and the median income for a family was $ 33,433 . Males had a median income of $ 29,523 versus $ 19,792 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,276 . About 10.50 % of families and 13.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.40 % of those under age 18 and 11.00 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Communities
Cities
Arlington
Bardwell
Census-designated place
Cunningham
Other unincorporated communities
Milburn
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carlisle County , Kentucky
List of counties in Kentucky
References
1886 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Mississippi River
Populated places established in 1886
Anton Crescent Wetland is a one hectare Local Nature Reserve in Sutton in the London Borough of Sutton . It is owned by Sutton Council and managed by the council together with Sutton Nature Conservation Volunteers .
The site is operated as a flood storage wash for Pyl Brook by the Environment Agency , and there is no public access . The reserve has ponds , willow carr and reedbeds , and the ponds never dry out as the rock formation is Oxford Clay . The pools and mud provide a habitat for birds such as the green sandpiper and common snipe . In 2005/6 the Environment Agency funded the installation of a pond-dipping platform and boardwalk .
The entrance to the site is kept locked , but the reserve can be viewed from a footpath running along the back fence .
References
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Sutton
The American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists ( ACGIH ) is a professional association of industrial hygienists and practitioners of related professions , with headquarters in Cincinnati , Ohio . One of its goals is to advance worker protection by providing timely , objective , scientific information to occupational and environmental health professionals .
History
The National Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists ( NCGIH ) convened on June 27 , 1938 , in Washington , D.C. NCGIH 's original constitution limited full membership to two representatives from each governmental industrial hygiene agency . Associate membership was made available to other professional personnel of the agencies holding full memberships , and also to personnel of educational institutions engaged in teaching industrial hygiene . Governmental industrial hygiene personnel of other countries were eligible for affiliated membership .
The Conference came into being with 59 members , one affiliated member , and 16 associate members . Forty-three members , one associate and six guests , attended the initial Conference . All but five of the members were from health departments . The New York and Massachusetts state labor departments each had to present , and there was one from the West Virginia state compensation commission .
At the end of World War II , many individuals were leaving governmental employment and membership in the Conference declined from the peak of 281 in 1944 to 235 in 1946 . Changes due to the transition to a peacetime economy , the development of other professional associations , and changes in the technical and administrative needs of state and local agencies , required the Conference to revise its constitution and make some major changes in its organizational structure .
The 1946 constitution revisions abandoned the concept of limiting full membership to only two individuals from each governmental industrial hygiene agency . This opened the doors to all of their professional personnel to participate in the activities of the organization on an equal basis . Governmental industrial hygiene personnel from foreign countries were also given the right to full membership . These changes , among others , were to have a salutary effect on the organization which , in 1946 , changed its name to the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists ( ACGIH ) .
In the mid 1950s , steady growth in membership resumed and by 1960 there were 511 members , including 54 from other countries . During the next decade these numbers more than doubled and in 1977 the total reached 1,800 , of which 166 were from outside the United States .
For over 75 years , ACGIH has been dedicated to the industrial hygiene and occupational and environmental health and safety communities . They have grown and expanded without losing sight of their original goal - to encourage the interchange of experience among industrial hygiene workers and to collect and make accessible such information and data as might be of aid to them in the proper fulfillment of their duties . This original goal is reflected in both their current mission - the advancement of occupational and environmental health - and in their tagline : Defining the Science of Occupational and Environmental Health .
This scientific information is provided to members and others in the industry through our journal , professional conferences and seminars , as well as through a vast list of technical and scientific publications , including the TLVs and BEIs book .
Presently , nine ACGIH committees focus their energies on a range of topics : agricultural safety and health , air sampling instruments , bioaerosols , biological exposure indices , industrial ventilation , international , small business , chemical substance TLVs , and physical agent TLVs .
Publications
The Applied Occupational and Environmental Hygiene journal , was published from 1990 through 2003 and was formerly published as Applied Industrial Hygiene from 1986 through 1989 . This ACGIH peer-reviewed journal provided scientific information and data to members until ACGIH and AIHA began publishing a joint journal .
The Journal of Occupational and Environmental Hygiene ( JOEH ) is a joint publication of the American Industrial Hygiene Association ( AIHA ) and ACGIH . JOEH is a peer-reviewed journal devoted to enhancing the knowledge and practice of occupational and environmental hygiene and safety by widely disseminating research articles and applied studies of the highest quality .
Published monthly , JOEH provides a written medium for the communication of ideas , methods , processes , and research in the areas of occupational , industrial , and environmental hygiene ; exposure assessment ; engineering controls ; occupational and environmental epidemiology , medicine and toxicology ; ergonomics ; and other related disciplines .
Committees
The activities of each Committee are directed by an individual mission statement .
Agricultural Safety & Health Committee
Mission - To promote those activities and programs necessary to our suited for agriculture or agro-business and to increase awareness of occupational health , safety , and environmental issues affecting this underserved population worldwide .
Air Sampling Instruments Committee
Mission - To report on the availability , efficiency , use , and limitations of existing and new sampling methodology and instrumentation .
Bioaerosols Committee
Mission - To compile and disseminate information on biologically derived contaminants that may become airborne , to develop recommendations for assessment , control , remediation , and prevention of such hazards , and to establish criteria for bioaerosol exposure limits .
Biological Exposure Indices Committee
Mission - To develop occupational biological exposure guidelines that are scientifically valid and supported by professional judgment , up-to-date , well-documented , understandable , clear , and produced by a clearly defined process that is balanced and free of conflict of interest .
Industrial Ventilation
Mission - To provide a safe and healthful environment by integrating state-of-the-art information from government and industry sources , using them to develop and recommend ventilation and other engineering controls to capture , collect , filter , and remove airborne contaminants from the workplace .
International Committee
Mission - To help develop and support ACGIH 's international initiatives .
Small Business Committee
Mission - To develop and disseminate practical information that operators of small businesses and their employees can apply to the recognition , evaluation , and control of workplace hazards and to assist education safety and health professionals in working with small business concerns .
Threshold Limit Values for Chemicals Substances Committee
Mission - To recommend airborne concentrations of agents and exposure conditions for use in the practice of industrial hygiene and by other qualified professionals to protect worker health .
Threshold Limit Values for Physical Agents Committee
Mission - To develop and disseminate occupational exposure guidelines that are evidence-based , scientifically valid , and rigorously review .
TLVs and BEIs
ACGIH establishes the Threshold Limit Values ( TLVs ) for chemical substances , physical agents , and Biological Exposure Indices ( BEIs ) ; which refer to the airborne concentrations of chemical substances that workers can be safely exposed to over their working lifetime . They are divided into four categories : time-weighted average ( TWA ) , short-term exposure limit ( STEL ) , surface limit ( SL ) , and ceiling ( C ) .
The Threshold Limit Values for Chemical Substances ( TLV-CS ) Committee was established in 1941 . This group was charged with investigating , recommending , and annually reviewing exposure limits for chemical substances . It became a standing committee in 1944 . Two years later , the organization adopted its first list of 148 exposure limits , then referred to as Maximum Allowable Concentrations . The term `` Threshold Limit Values ( TLV ) was introduced in 1956 . The first list of Threshold Limit Values and Biological Exposure Indices ( the TLVs and BEIs book ) was published in 1962 . A new edition is now published annually . Today 's list of TLVs and BEIs includes over 600 chemical substances and physical agents , as well as over 30 Biological Exposure Indices for selected chemicals .
The TLVs and BEIs are developed as guidelines to assist in the control of health hazards . These recommendations or guidelines are intended for use in the practice of industrial hygiene , to be interpreted and applied only by a person trained in this discipline . While not enforceable like OSHA 's `` permissible limit exposures '' , TLVs and BEIs are still significant and act as advisory numbers to OSHA and to manufacturers who care about workplace safety .
In certain circumstances , individuals or organizations may wish to make use of these recommendations or guidelines if the use of TLVs and BEIs contributes to the overall improvement in worker protection .
Foundation for Occupational Health & Safety
The Foundation for Occupational Health & Safety ( FOHS ) is an ACGIH supported nonprofit that promotes workplace and worker well-being worldwide through professional education , scientific research in the field and on the profession itself , and the creation of the Sustainable TLV/BEI Fund .
In 2003 , the YIHWAG Family Foundation awarded FOHS a substantial grant to benefit the needs of educational organizations in developing countries throughout the world . From this grant , FOHS established the Worldwide Outreach Program . Its mission is to support the professional development of occupational health and safety throughout the world . Qualifying educational organizations , professional organizations , and non-government organizations seeking to further the goals of the World Health Organization Collaborating Centers for Occupational Health 's 2006-2010 Work Plan can apply for program grants ranging from $ 1,000 - $ 2,000 .
In 2008 , FOHS created the Sustainable TLV/BEI Fund . The core purpose of the fund is to develop sustainable financial support to ensure the continued existence of ACGIH® TLVs and BEIs . Since its inception the core purpose and ‘ cause ' of ACGIH has been to protect workplace employees through the development of science-based occupational exposure guidelines widely known as the TLVs and BEIs . These guidelines have become recognized throughout the world as forming the scientific basis for subsequent development of workplace standards .
References
External links
Occupational safety and health organizations
Safety organizations
Medical and health organizations based in Ohio
Non-profit organizations based in Cincinnati
The 1952 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big 7 Conference in the 1952 college football season . The team was coached by Bill Glassford and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Before the season
Coach Glassford 's fourth year at the helm of the Nebraska football program began with a great deal of uncertainty about the future . Lauded after his first two seasons showed dramatic improvement over the string of losing seasons prior to his arrival , the 1951 campaign was a story of a slide backwards , with only one on-field victory recorded during the entire season . A new offense was installed midseason in 1951 , styled after the spread offensive look that TCU utilized to great success to defeat Nebraska in the season opener . The offseason provided a chance for the Cornhuskers to refine the new scheme , and 1952 opened with hopes that the previous season would be soon forgotten .
Schedule
Roster
Coaching staff
Game summaries
South Dakota
South Dakota was the first team to see Nebraska since the spread had been formally and completely installed , and the Coyotes were bowled over by a scoring explosion and defensive stand that wrapped up the day with a commanding 46-0 shutout to start the Cornhusker season on the right foot . The Coyotes managed only 4 first downs for the night , compared with 29 for the Nebraska squad , and were dominated in passing yardage 118-0 . The score would have been much more damaging if not for the 120 penalty yards accumulated by the Cornhuskers , fully twice as many as assessed against South Dakota . The Coyotes had now failed to get a win against Nebraska in their previous thirteen attempts , their only past success being the first meeting of the teams back in 1899 .
Oregon
Nebraska made the long journey to Eugene to face off against the Oregon Ducks for the first time , in a rare night time game . Oregon was favored , and had a daunting aerial attack plan that put the Cornhusker defense to the test by rolling up 134 yards to Nebraska 's 32 by air . However , faced with a Nebraska rushing onslaught of 280 yards that dwarfed the 75 managed by the Ducks , Oregon was unable to step the string of points rolled off by the Cornhusker machine . Memories of 1951 were fading fast , as Nebraska was quickly off to a good 2-0 start .
Iowa State
The Cornhuskers recorded their second shutout of the season in three games against Iowa State despite an uninspired outing that brought in only 16 points for the day . Much like the Ducks , Iowa State attempted to get yards by air , throwing for 124 yards and easily out-passing Nebraska 's 39 , but the ground game ruled the day again as the Cornhusker rushing yardage steamrolled the Cyclone total by 351-85 . The second shutout of the season marked the best Nebraska batch of shutouts since 1933 opened with three straight blankings . Iowa State fell to 8-37-1 against the Cornhuskers all-time .
Kansas State
Another display of Nebraska 's ground domination in the face of aerial attacks was on display in Lincoln as the Kansas State team sought to end their nine-year stretch of futility against the Cornhuskers . The Wildcats outgained Nebraska in the air by 204-74 , but could not come up with the points to match the statistics as the Cornhuskers outrushed Kansas State 251-73 and produced nearly twice as many points . It was a hard-fought game that resulted in numerous injuries to Nebraska players , including star HB Bobby Reynolds , who came out with a separated shoulder . The Cornhuskers improved to 30-4-2 over the Wildcats to date .
Penn State
Statistically , the Penn State contest looked like most of the others of 1952 , as Nebraska outgained the Nittany Lions by ground 210-129 . The first half ended scoreless thanks to a stiff defensive Cornhusker effort that turned Penn State away empty-handed from inside the 20-yard line on three drives . Penn State was the first to find success against Nebraska by air , actually producing points instead of simply winning the passing battle , as their 102-45 air advantage helped them finally punch in a touchdown in the third quarter before sealing the outcome with a late field goal . It was the first Cornhusker loss of the season as the year now stood at 4-1 , which was nonetheless the best beginning os a Nebraska football season since the 6-0 start in 1933 . With the loss handed down , the Cornhuskers slipped to 1-4 versus the Nittany Lions all-time .
Colorado
Upstart Colorado was not to be overlooked , as they had fought reigning Big 7 champion Oklahoma to a tied outcome earlier in the year . Every way to score points in a football game was recorded in this contest across both teams , as Nebraska fought back from 0-7 to make a game of it . The final score of 16-16 was settled upon when injured Nebraska HB Bobby Reynolds attempted a field goal that was blocked with , fittingly , 16 seconds remaining to play . Colorado 's two-game winning streak against Nebraska was cut short as the Cornhuskers improved over the Buffaloes to 7-4 in the series .
Missouri
Nebraska scored early on in the contest but struggled to put a scoring distance in the pull away . The score held at 6-0 through the half time break , until an ill-timed Cornhusker fumbled was scooped up by the Tigers and returned for a touchdown . The Missouri extra point made it 6-7 , and though the Cornhuskers advance repeatedly into Tiger territory over the course of the game , Missouri successfully turned them away from inside the 25-yard line on four occasions . A late Tiger field goal put the game away , handing down the season 's second defeat upon Nebraska . Missouri narrowed the series to 17-25-3 and kept the Victory bell in Columbia for another year .
Kansas
Facing Kansas in Lawrence , the Cornhuskers struggled to make headway against the Jayhawks for much of the game , basically giving up on the air attack with only seven net passing yards on the day . Trailing by six points with only five minutes remaining , the Cornhuskers finally found a way around the Jayhawks line and into the end zone , the point after finally giving Nebraska the lead and the win . Nebraska 's win padded the series to 42-13-3 .
Minnesota
Nebraska secured 16 first downs compared to the 13 recorded by Minnesota , and outrushed the Golden Gophers 313-157 in front of the Lincoln homecoming crowd , but Minnesota brought dazzling plays of their own and entirely shut out Nebraska 's attempts to throw , leading to a dismal Nebraska passing attempts record of 0-8 and no air yards for the day . The Golden Gophers did not have the same troubles by air , and rolled up 166 passing yards on their way to a relatively narrow 6-point win to hand over Nebraska 's third loss of the season , improving over the Cornhuskers to 27-5-2 .
Oklahoma
Oklahoma 's winning ways in the Big 7 continued without pause as Nebraska surrendered for a record 10th-straight game to the Sooners , in front of a large homecoming crowd of 41,000 in Norman . The game was never really in doubt after Oklahoma punched in a quick succession of scores in the first quarter to jump to a 20-0 lead . Finally , the Cornhuskers came to life and played Oklahoma 13-14 for the remaining duration , but the Sooners were far too strong to be overcome . Nebraska 's lead in the series dwindled to 16-13-3 .
After the season
The season opened strong with four wins a row , the best commencement of a football season in Nebraska in nearly twenty years . Injuries began to take their toll , however , and the new spread offense was less foreign to opposing teams who began to figure out how to defend against it , particularly since Nebraska remained predominantly a ground-based rushing team . As a result , the bright start to the season faded as the Cornhuskers closed out 1952 at 1-4-1 . Coach Glassford 's 1952 campaign total still helped push his conference record to a barely winning percentage of 12-11-1 ( .521 ) but his overall record was still on the wrong side , at 17-19-2 ( .474 ) . The Nebraska football program 's conference and overall records both slipped slightly , as the 3-2-1 Big 7 results brought the league record to 132-48-12 ( .719 ) and the program 's all-time percentage now stood at 333-167-33 ( .656 ) .
Future NFL and other professional league players
Don Boll , 1953 4th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Charley Bryant , 1955 24th-round pick of the Green Bay Packers
Ted Connor , 1954 3rd-round pick of the Philadelphia Eagles
Don Glantz , 1955 5th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Ed Husmann , 1953 9th-round pick of the Chicago Cardinals
Jerry Minnick , 1954 9th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Ray Novak , 1954 14th-round pick of the Detroit Lions
Bobby Reynolds , 1953 7th-round pick of the Los Angeles Rams
Bob Smith , 1955 15th-round pick of the Cleveland Browns
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
Vasilliki Babaletakis `` Kiki '' Divaris ( c. 13 September 1925 in Sparta – 5 December 2015 ) was a Greek fashion designer , model and the first white woman to have been declared a liberation war hero in Zimbabwe .
Early life
Divaris grew up in Cape Town .
Career
Divaris was a close friend of Robert Mugabe , his first wife Sally , and current wife , Grace . She created the Miss Zimbabwe beauty pageant . In 2012 , at 88 , she still ran the event In 2013 , she handed over the Miss Zim business to Mary Mubaiwa .
Death
Divaris died in her sleep on 5 December 2015 , at the Borrowdale Clinic Trauma Centre , Harare , Zimbabwe , from pneumonia . She was 90 .
References
1925 births
2015 deaths
People from Harare
Greek fashion designers
Zimbabwean people of Greek descent
Year of birth uncertain
Deaths from pneumonia in Zimbabwe
People from Cape Town
The Indiana Hoosiers softball team represents Indiana University Bloomington in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Big Ten Conference . The Hoosiers are currently led by head coach Shonda Stanton . The team plays its home games at Andy Mohr Field located on the university 's campus .
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Coaching staff
Awards
Big Ten Player of the Year
Michelle Venturella , 1994
Big Ten Pitcher of the Year
Gina Ugo , 1996
Morgan Melloh , 2011
Big Ten Freshman of the Year
Tammy Connor , 1985
Big Ten Coach of the Year
Diane Stephenson , 1994
References
DNA end resection , also called 5′–3′ degradation , is a biochemical process where the blunt end of a section of double-stranded DNA ( dsDNA ) is modified by cutting away some nucleotides from the 5 ' end to produce a 3 ' single-stranded sequence . The presence of a section of single-stranded DNA ( ssDNA ) allows the broken end of the DNA to line up accurately with a matching sequence , so that it can be accurately repaired.Double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) can occur at any phase of the cell cycle causing DNA end resection and repair activities to take place , but they are also normal intermediates in mitosis recombination . Furthermore , the natural ends of the linear chromosomes resemble DSBs , and although DNA breaks can cause damage to the integrity of genomic DNA , the natural ends are packed into complex specialized DNA protective packages called telomeres that prevent DNA repair activities . Telomeres and mitotic DSBs have different functionality , but both experience the same 5′–3′ degradation process .
Background
A double-strand break is a kind of DNA damage in which both strands in the double helix are severed . DSBs only occur during DNA replication of the cell cycle . Furthermore , DSBs can lead to genome rearrangements and instability . Cases where two complementary strands are linked at the point of the DSB have potential to be catastrophic , such that the cell will not be able to complete mitosis when it next divides , and will either die or , in rare cases , undergo chromosomal loss , duplications , and even mutations . Three mechanisms exist to repair DSBs : non-homologous end joining ( NHEJ ) , microhomology-mediated end joining ( MMEJ ) , and homologous recombination HR . Of these , only NHEJ does not rely on DNA end resection .
Mechanism
Accurate repair of DSBs are essential in the upkeep of genome integrity . From the three mechanisms that exists to repair DSBs , NHEJ and HR repair mechanisms are the dominant pathways . Several highly conservative proteins trigger the DNA Damage Checkpoint for detection of DSBs ensuing repair by either NHEJ or HR repair pathways . NHEJ mechanism functions in ligating two different DSBs with high fidelity , while HR relies on a homologous template to repair DSB ends .
DNA end resection in the HR pathway only occurs at two specific phases : S and G2 phases . Since HR pathway requires sister chromatids for activation , this event only happens in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle during replication . DSBs that have not begun DNA end resection can be ligated by NHEJ pathway , but resection of a few nucleotides inhibits the NHEJ pathway and commits ' DNA repair by the HR pathway . The NHEJ pathway is involved throughout the cell cycle , but it is critical to DNA repair during the G1 phase . In G1 phase there is no sister chromatids to repair DSBs via the HR pathway making the NHEJ pathway a critical repair mechanism .
Before resection can take place , the break needs to be detected . In animals , this detection is done by PARP1 ; similar systems exist in other eukaryotes : in plants , PARP2 seems to play this role . PARP binding then recruits the MRN complex to the breakage site . This is a highly conserved complex consisting of Mre11 , Rad50 and NBS1 ( known as Nibrin in mammals , or Xrs2 in yeast , where this complex is called the MRX complex ) .
Before resection can start , CtBP1-interacting protein ( CtIP ) needs to bind to the MRN complex so that the first phase of resection can begin , namely short-range end resection . After phosphorylated CtIP binds , the Mre11 subunit is able to cut the 5'-terminated strand endonucleolytically , probably about 300 base pairs from the end , and then acts as a 3'→5 ' exonuclease to strip away the end of the 5 ' strand .
Resection of telomere DSBs
Linear chromosomes are packed into complex specialized DNA protective packages called telomeres . The structure of Telomeres is highly conserve and is organized in multiple short tandem DNA repeats . Telomeres and DSBs have different functionality , such that telomeres prevent DNA repair activities . During telomeric DNA replication in the S/G2 and G1 phases of the cell cycle , the 3 ' lagging strand leaves a short overhang called a G-tail . Telomeric DNA ends at the 3 ' G tail end because the 3 ' lagging strand extends without its complimentary 5 ' C leading strand . The G tail provide a major function to telomeric DNA such that the G tails control telomere homeostasis .
Telomeres in G1 phase
In the G1 phase of the cell cycle , the telomere-associated proteins RIF1 , RIF2 , and RAP2 bind to telomeric DNA and prevent access to the MRX complex . Such process in S. Cerevisiae for example is negatively regulated by this activity . The MRX complex and the Ku complex bind simultaneously and independently to DSBs ends . In the presence of the telomere-associated proteins , MRX fails to bind to the DSB ends while the Ku complex binds to DSB ends . The bound Ku complex to the DSB ends protect the telomeres from nucleolytic degradation by exo1 . This results in an inhibition of telomerase elongation at the DSB ends and prevents further telomere action at the G1 phase of the cell cycle .
Telomeres in the late S/G2 phase
In the late S/G2 phase of the cell cycle , the telomere-associated proteins RIF1 , RIF2 , and RAP2 exhibit their inhibitory effect by binding to telomeric DNA . In the Late S/G2 phase , the protein kinase CDK1 ( cyclin-dependent ) promotes telomeric resection . This control is exerted by cyclin-dependent kinases , which phosphorylate parts of the resection machinery . This process alleviates the inhibitory effect of the telomere-associated proteins , and allows Cdc13 ( a binding protein on both the lagging strand , and leading strand ) to cover telomeric DNA . The binding of cdc13 to DNA suppresses DNA damage checkpoint and allows resection to occur while allowing for telomerase elongation at the DSB ends .
Resection of mitotic DSBs
One of the important regulatory controls in mitotic cells is deciding which specific DSB repair pathway to take . Once a DSB is detected , the highly conserved complexes are recruited by the DNA ends . If the cell is in the G1 phase of the cell cycle , the complex Ku prevents resection to occur and triggers the NHEJ pathway factors . DSBs in the NHEJ pathway are ligated , a step in the NHEJ pathway that requires DNA ligase activity of Dnl4-Lif1/XRCC4 heterodimer and the Nej1/XLF protein . This process results in error-prone religation of DSB ends at the G1 phase of the cell cycle .
If the cells are in S/G2 phase , mitotic DSBs are controlled through Cdk1 activity and involves phosphorylation of Sae2 Ser267 . After phosphorylation occurs by Cdk1 , MRX complex binds to dsDNA ends and generates short ssDNA that stretches in the 5 ' direction . The 5 ' ssDNA continues resection by the activity of the helicase enzyme , Sgs1 enzyme , and the nucleases Exo1 and Dna2 . Involvement of Sae2 Sar267 in DSB processing is highly conserved throughout eukaryotes , such that the Sae2 along with the MRX complex are involved in two major functions : single-strand annealing , and processing of hairpin DNA structures . Like all ssDNA in the nucleus , the resected region is first coated by Replication protein A ( RPA ) complex , but RPA is then replaced with RAD51 to form a nucleoprotein filament which can take part in the search for a matching region , allowing HR to take place . The 3 ' ssDNA coated by a RPA promotes the recruitment of Mec1 . Mec1 further phosphorylates Sae2 along with cdk1 . The resulting phosphorylation by Sae2 by Mec1 helps increase the effect of resection and this in turn leads to the DNA damage checkpoint activation .
Regulators
The pathway of choice in DNA repair is highly regulated to guarantee that cells in the S/G2 and G1 phase use the appropriate mechanism . Regulators in both the NHEJ and HR pathway mediate the appropriate DNA repair response pathway . Furthermore , recent studies into DNA repair show that regulation of DNA end resection is governed by the activity of cdk1 in the cell replication cycle .
NHEJ pathway
DNA end resection is key in determining the correct pathway in NHEJ . For NHEJ pathway to occur , positive regulators such as the Ku and MRX complex mediate recruitment of other NHEJ-associated proteins such as Tel1 , Lif1 , Dnl4 , and Nej1 . Since NHEJ does not rely on end resection , NHEJ could only happen in the G1 phase of the cell cycle . Both Ku and NHEJ-associated proteins prevent initiation of resection .
Resection ensures that DSBs are not repaired by NHEJ ( which joins broken DNA ends together without ensuring that they match ) , but rather by methods based on homology ( matching DNA sequences ) . Cyclin-dependent protein kinase such as cdk1 in yeast serves as a negative regulator of the NHEJ pathway . Any activity associated with the presence of cyclin dependent protein kinases inhibit the NHEJ pathway
Positive regulators
The presence of a ssDNA allows the broken end of the DNA to line up accurately with a matching sequence , so that it can be accurately repaired . For HR pathway to occur in the S and G2 phases of the cell cycle , availability of a sister chromatid is required . 5′–3′ resection automatically links a DSB to the HR pathway . Cyclin-dependent protein kinase such as cdk1 serve as a positive regulator of the HR pathway . This positive regulator promotes 5′–3′ nucleolytic degradation of DNA ends . Along with cdk1 , the MRX complex , B1 cyclin , and Spo11-induced DSBs serve as a positive regulator to the HR pathway .
See also
Exonuclease
Double-strand breaks
Blunt ends
Non-homologous end joining
Nucleotide
Cell cycle
Telomere
NHEJ
Homologous Recombination
Microhomology-mediated end joining
References
DNA repair
Canada has competed at every edition of the Pan American Games since the second edition of the multi-sport event in 1955 . As of the last Pan American Games in 2019 , Canada is third on the all-time medals list , only behind the United States and Cuba . Canada is also one of nine countries to have competed at the only Winter Pan American Games , and only of one two ( the other being the United States ) to win a medal at the games .
Medal count
To sort the tables by host city , total medal count , or any other column , click on the icon next to the column title .
Summer
Notes
Some sources appoint 7 gold medals , 21 silver medals and 28 bronze medals , instead of 5 , 19 and 24 , respectively . This would result in a total of 56 medals earned during the 1959 Games , instead of 48 .
Some sources appoint 10 gold medals and 25 bronze medals , instead of 11 and 26 , respectively . This would result in a total of 62 medals earned during the 1963 Games , instead of 64 .
Some sources appoint 12 gold medals , 37 silver medals and 43 bronze medals , instead of 17 , 39 and 50 , respectively . This would result in a total of 92 medals earned during the 1967 Games , instead of 106 .
Some sources appoint 42 bronze medals , instead of 41 . This would result in a total of 81 medals earned during the 1971 Games , instead of 80 .
Some sources appoint 18 gold medals and 38 bronze medals , instead of 19 and 40 , respectively . This would result in a total of 94 medals earned during the 1975 Games , instead of 91 .
Some sources appoint 70 bronze medals , instead of 71 . This would result in a total of 137 medals earned during the 1979 Games , instead of 138 .
Some sources appoint 22 gold medals , 42 silver medals and 55 bronze medals , instead of 18 , 44 and 47 , respectively . This would result in a total of 119 medals earned during the 1983 Games , instead of 109 .
Some sources appoint 57 silver medals , instead of 56 . This would result in a total of 162 medals earned during the 1987 Games , instead of 161 .
Some sources appoint 41 bronze medals , instead of 42 . This would result in a total of 127 medals earned during the 2003 Games , instead of 128 .
According to those sources , the historical medal table for Canada counts 455 gold medals , 655 silver medals and 802 bronze medals , instead of 456 , 656 and 801 , respectively . This would result in a total number of 1912 Pan American medals .
Winter
Medals by sport
Summer
Canadians have won medals in most of the current Summer Pan American sports .
The exceptions are , basque pelota and BMX freestyle cycling .
As of the conclusion of the 2019 Pan American Games
Winter
Flag bearers
Opening ceremonies
Flag bearers carry the national flag of their country at the opening ceremony of the Pan American Games .
References
Canada at multi-sport events
Leeman may refer to :
People
Gary Leeman ( born 1964 ) , ice hockey player
George Leeman ( 1809–1882 ) , MP for York , England and chairman of the North Eastern Railway
Kimberly Leemans , model
Paul Leeman ( born 1978 ) , Northern Irish footballer
Leeman Bennett ( born 1938 ) , American football coach
Places
Leeman , California , United States
Leeman , Wisconsin , United States
Leeman , Western Australia
Sports
Lee Man FC , a Hong Kong professional football club
See also
Leaman ( disambiguation )
Leemans
Lehman ( disambiguation )
Lehmann ( disambiguation )
Leman ( disambiguation )
The Western Hemisphere Group was a United States Navy formation active from 1 September 1995 to 1999–2000 . Headquarters was at Naval Station Mayport , Florida .
In October 1996 Commander U.S. Second Fleet created Task Force 28 , consisting of independent deployers operating in both the Caribbean Sea and Eastern Pacific . Commander , Western Hemisphere Group was assigned as Commander Task Force 28 ( CTF 28 ) . This arrangement assigned COMWESTHEMGRU the operational control ( OPCON ) of these Second Fleet destroyers .
References
Combatant groups of the United States Navy
Military units and formations established in 1995
1995 establishments in the United States
2000 disestablishments in the United States
Jack Higgins ( birth unknown ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s . He played at club level for Featherstone Rovers ( Heritage № 195 ) , as an occasional goal-kicking , i.e . number 7 .
Playing career
Higgins made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Monday 21 April 1941 , he appears to have scored no drop-goals ( or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia ) , but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals , whether ; conversions , penalties , or drop-goals , scored 2-points , consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented , therefore ' 0 ' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded , rather than no drop-goals scored . In addition , prior to the 1949–50 season , the archaic field-goal was also still a valid means of scoring points .
Testimonial match
Higgins 's benefit season at Featherstone Rovers , following a serious injury that forced his retirement , took place during the 1946–47 season .
References
External links
Search for `` Higgins '' at rugbyleagueproject.org
Testimonials and Benefit Seasons .
Walter Tennant , Alan Tennant ...
June 2013
Harold Moxon
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Place of birth missing
Possibly living people
Rugby league halfbacks
Year of birth missing
Rodney County is one of the 318 counties of Queensland , Australia . The county is divided into civil parishes .
The county came into existence in the 19th century , and on 8 March 1901 , the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897 .
Like all counties in Queensland , it is a non-functional administrative unit , that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles . From 30 November 2015 , the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands , Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes .
The main towns in the county are Barcaldine and Aramac and the entire county is incorporated .
References
Counties of Queensland
The Elopidae are a family of ray-finned fish containing a single living genus Elops . They are commonly known as ladyfish , skipjacks , jack-rashes , or tenpounders .
The ladyfish are a coastal-dwelling fish found throughout the tropical and subtropical regions , occasionally venturing into temperate waters . Spawning takes place at sea , and the fish larvae migrate inland entering brackish waters . Their food is smaller fish and crustaceans ( shrimp ) . Typically throughout the species , the maximum size is and the maximum weight . The body is fusiform ( tapering spindle shape ) and oval in cross-section ; being slightly laterally compressed , and the eyes are large and partially covered with adipose eyelids .
Like those of eels , the larvae are leptocephalic - being highly compressed , ribbon-like , and transparent . After initial growth , they shrink and then metamorphose into the adult form .
This family is fished , but their bodies are bony , so these fish are not marketed widely for consumption . They are caught and used as bait or may be ground down for fish meal .
The name comes from the Greek ellops - a kind of serpent .
Species
The currently recognized species in this genus are :
Elops affinis Regan , 1909 ( Pacific ladyfish )
†Elops bultyncki Nolf 2004
Elops hawaiensis Regan , 1909 ( Hawaiian ladyfish or giant herring )
Elops lacerta Valenciennes , 1847 ( West African ladyfish or Guinean ladyfish )
Elops machnata ( Forsskål , 1775 ) ( tenpounder )
†Elops miiformis Lin et al . 2016
Elops saurus Linnaeus , 1766 ( ladyfish )
Elops senegalensis Regan , 1909 ( Senegalese ladyfish )
Elops smithi McBride , Rocha , Ruiz-Carus & Bowen , 2010 ( malacho )
See also
Tarpon
References
Pantropical fish
Fish of the Atlantic Ocean
Extant Early Cretaceous first appearances
Ray-finned fish families
The Comporté River is a tributary of the Malbaie River flowing generally southward into the territory of the town of La Malbaie in the Eastern part of the Charlevoix Regional County Municipality , in Quebec , in Canada . This river has a gap in elevation of . After several series of rapids , waterfalls and falls in forest area , it flows into the Malbaie River between the village of Clermont and the town of La Malbaie .
The small valley of the Comporté River is served primarily on the west side of the river by Fraser Falls Road ( west side of the river ) , and on the east side by Rang Sainte-Julie Road , `` chemin des loisirs '' and the Road Grands-Fonds . Great-Walls , and some other secondary forest roads , for forestry and recreation purposes . Some trails lead north into the Zec du Lac-au-Sable up to `` Lac au Plongeon '' .
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector , followed by recreational tourism activities .
The surface of this stream is generally frozen from mid-December to late-March . Nevertheless , safe ice traffic is generally from late December to mid-March .
Geography
The Comporté River originates from Comporté Lake ( length : , altitude : ) located on the north hydrographic slope of the Malbaie River . This lake of the `` Outfitter de la Comporté '' is located in a forest area in a small valley of mountains .
Course of the Comporté River
From its source , the Comporté River runs on according to the following segments :
southeasterly , winding up to the Grand-Fonds Road road bridge ;
south along the Chemin des Loisirs and past the Mont-Grand-Fonds to the road bridge at chemin de Grand-Fonds ;
south along the Chemin des Loisirs in an area with several houses or cottages , the village Grand-Fonds , then crossing two sets of rapids , to the dump ( coming from the east ) of Gravel Lake ;
south through several rounds of rapids or waterfalls , past Butte-à-Julie , crossing a dam , crossing Fraser Falls , skirting a campsite by the side west , passing under Hydro-Québec 's high-voltage towers ; then by cutting the Chemin de la Vallée and crossing a small municipal park until its confluence with the Malbaie River .
The Comporté River flows on the north shore of the Malbaie River , in the town of la Malbaie , facing route 138 . This confluence is located upstream of a curve of the Malbaie River and a west bank campground .
Toponymy
The term `` Comporté '' evokes the merit of Lieutenant Philippe Gaultier de Comporté ( 1641-1687 ) of the Carignan-Salières Regiment arrived at Quebec in 1665 . He was military , lord , commissioner of the stores of the king , provost of the , commissioner of the marine , born in 1641 in Comporté , near Poitiers , Philippe Gaultier , sieur of Rinault , and Gillette de Vernon , deceased in Quebec in 1687 and buried in the same place on November 22 .
The toponym `` Comporté River '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
References
See also
Philippe Gaultier de Comporté , military
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
La Malbaie , a municipality
Malbaie River , a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Tributaries of the Saint Lawrence River
The A-Spec and Type-S marques represent the high-performance divisions of cars produced by Acura . Acura utilized the Type R marque for their high-performance division of cars from 1997 to 2001 , when they produced the Acura Integra Type R. The first vehicle offered as a Type-S variant was the 2001 Acura CL , and the first vehicle offered as an A-Spec variant was the 2003 Acura TL in Canada and the 2002 Acura RSX in the US .
Type-S
The Acura TL Type-S was introduced in 2001 as a 2002 model . It featured a 3.2 L SOHC VTEC J-series V6 and added 35 hp ( 26 kW ) over the base model for a total 260 hp ( 194 kW ) . Further upgrades included wheels , firmer seats and suspension . In Canada , the Acura EL did not use the Type-S trim , but in 2007 , the CSX Type-S trim was offered .
For the 2003 model year , the Acura CL Type-S was offered with an optional close-ratio 6-speed manual transmission , alongside a helical limited-slip differential . It used the same powertrain from the 2001–2003 TL Type-S . The 6-speed CL deleted some minor interior features from the automatic , such as a center console light . Also , the heated seats only featured one heat setting ( vs. high and low in the auto ) . VSA and TCS were also not found on the 6-speed car , and as such , a 3-channel ABS unit was used .
The RSX Type-S had a 200 hp ( 150 kW ) K20A2 or 210 hp ( 160 kW ) K20Z1 ( labeled in 2006 as 201 hp due to SAE hp calculation revision ) in 2005–2006 and a close-ratio 6-speed manual transmission . An automatic transmission was not offered on the Type-S . The Type-S included additional features such as sport-tuned suspension , gunmetal painted wheels , 11.8 '' ventilated front disc brakes , larger sway bars and a Bose 7-speaker ( including a subwoofer mounted on the spare tire ) audio system .
The TL Type-S was introduced once again for the 2007 through 2008 model years . The new TL Type-S received the Acura RL 's 3.5-liter V6 tuned to with either a 5-speed automatic with F1 style paddle shifters or a 6-speed manual transmission . The manual transmission includes a limited slip differential . Exterior differences include quad exhaust pipes , restyled rear lamps and front fascia , lip spoiler , wider side sills , Brembo brakes , dark silver 10-spoke wheels , a `` black chrome '' grille rather than the standard glossy grille , and exclusive Type-S badging , plus an exclusive new color option , Kinetic Blue Pearl . The interior has Type-S badging on the steering wheel and headrests , more highly bolstered front seats , two-tone seats ( only with the ebony/silver interior ) , metal racing pedals , carbon fiber trim , and red interior lighting ( as opposed to blue in the base TL ) . Touch screen navigation is standard and the suspension has been firmed up . The only options are the aforementioned transmission and high performance summer tires ( Bridgestone Potenzas ) rather than the standard all-season tires ( Michelin Pilot MXM4s ) .
The Canadian-exclusive CSX Type-S debuted as a 2007 model and was the last remaining Type-S model when it was discontinued in 2011 . It featured a 2.0L i-VTEC engine , an increase of 42 hp ( 31 kW ) over the base CSX engine . The `` sport-tuned '' suspension added stiffer springs , firmer damping and thicker stabilizer bars compared to the regular CSX and is supported on 215/45R17 all-season tires and 17-inch alloy wheels . Other additional features included Vehicle Stability Assist , 350-watt 7-speaker audio system , navigation system with voice-command , digital audio card reader with USB and bluetooth connectivity , Type-S badging , rear-deck spoiler , and red-illuminated instrument panel and foot-wells .
At the 2018 Detroit Auto Show , Acura announced it will apply the Type S performance treatment to multiple models , with showroom sales for the 2021 TLX Type S starting on June 23 , 2021 and all other models following suit by summer 2021 . The second generation Acura TLX launched on May 28 , 2020 as the first among it with 3.0 V6 turbocharged engine .
Marketing
As part of 2022 model year Acura Type S vehicles launch , a 4-part Acura Type S commercials titled 'Chiaki 's Journey ' was 2022 Sundance Film Festival , which was also sponsored by Acura as a Presenting Sponsor and Official Vehicle . The vehicles in the commercials include 2022 MDX Type S , 2022 TLX Type S , 2022 NSX Type S , and 2023 Integra . The ads were developed with agency partner Mullen Lowe Los Angeles ( MullenLowe Group ) .
A-Spec
In 2003 in Canada , Acura released an A-Spec special edition of the TL Type-S . Exterior changes included blue-painted headlight housing , underbody kit , and an illuminated rear wing that incorporated unique side-marker accent lamps . Interior changes included blue leather steering wheel , seating surfaces , and door panels .
In 2004 in the US , Acura offered to the public a factory-sanctioned `` tuner package '' version of the TL called the TL A-Spec . This version features a suspension tuned by Makoto Tamamura , an indication of the TL A-Spec 's aggressive engineering . In addition , an underbody kit , spoiler , limited edition A-Spec steering wheel , `` A-Spec '' badge on the back , and 18-inch ( 460 mm ) wheels are standard issue on the A-Spec package . When installed at purchase , the car 's 4 year/50,000 miles ( 80,000 km ) warranty applies to the package as well . This package was offered for the TL until 2006 .
For the 2005–2008 models , Acura offered an A-Spec package for the RL . The dealer-installed package consisted of a body kit , badging , revised suspension and different wheels . The package was first announced at a late 2004 Specialty Equipment Market Association ( SEMA ) trade show in Las Vegas . The A-Spec package for sale was distinctly different from the Acura RL A-Spec Concept Vehicle announced and shown as a striking dark red one-of-a-kind custom creation in early 2005 at the Detroit Auto Show .
Acura offers an A-Spec variant on most of their vehicles , which includes sportier styling on both the exterior and interior , and a firmer suspension .
References
External links
Acura USA
Acura Canada
Code Error Acura
Acura
Official motorsports and performance division of automakers
T. Leslie Youd is an American geotechnical engineer and earthquake engineer , specializing in soil liquefaction and ground failure . He currently lives in Orem , Utah .
Education
Youd received his BES in civil engineering from Brigham Young University in 1964 . He then attended Iowa State University where he received his PhD in civil engineering in 1967 . He performed post doctoral study in soil mechanics and engineering seismology from 1975 to 1976 at Imperial College of Science and Technology in London .
Research
Youd 's research has been primarily concerned with the phenomenon of soil liquefaction , and the associated lateral spreading which can occur . Youd has published over 140 research papers . Youd 's best-known papers are on the prediction of the magnitude of lateral spreading .
Awards and honors
Youd was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2005 .
Youd was made an honorary member of the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2006 , an honor bestowed upon fewer than 0.2 % of its membership . He received the Distinguished Alumni Award in 2011 at Iowa State University .
Patents
Youd earned patent # 4,840,230 for a system to retrievably install instruments into a borehole .
References
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
Iowa State University alumni
American civil engineers
Geotechnical engineers
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Istiqbal Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-28 ( Buner ) as a candidate of Awami National Party ( ANP ) in by-polls held in 2008 . He received 30,903 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Bakht Jehan Khan .
In November 2010 , he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made minister of state without any portfolio until February 2011 . He also served as special assistant to the prime minister of Pakistan with the status of minister of state .
In 2013 , he left ANP and joined Jamiat Ulema-e Islam ( F ) ( JUI-F ) .
References
Living people
People from Buner District
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam ( F ) politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The rose-bellied bunting or Rosita 's bunting ( Passerina rositae ) is a species of bird in the family Cardinalidae , the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks . It is endemic to a very small area of southern Mexico .
Taxonomy and systematics
The rose-bellied bunting is monotypic .
Description
The rose-bellied bunting is long and weighs . The adult male 's crown is purplish-blue , and it is electric blue on the rest of its upperparts that fades from darker to lighter towards the tail . Its chin is grayish , the throat and chest blue , and the belly and vent area salmon pink . The adult female 's head and upperparts are gray-brown with a bluish tinge at the rump . Its undersides are pinkish buff , warmer on the throat becoming paler towards the lower belly .
Distribution and habitat
The rose-bellied bunting 's core range is a narrow strip along the Pacific slope of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in eastern Oaxaca and western Chiapas . There is one additional record further east in Chiapas , in El Triunfo Biosphere Reserve . It inhabits arid to semiarid thorn forest , moister gallery forest , and swamp forest . In elevation it ranges from .
Behavior
Feeding
The rose-bellied bunting forages alone or in pairs in the lower to mid-level of its habitat . Its diet consists of seeding grasses and fruit from trees and bushes .
Breeding
Two rose-bellied bunting nests have been described . One found in late July had freshly laid eggs , the other had eggs well along in incubation in late June . The nests were open cups of dead leaves and bark lined with finer material ; they were placed in crotches of small saplings . One clutch had three eggs and the other four . No other information about the species ' breeding phenology has been published .
Vocalization
The rose-bellied bunting 's song is `` a sweet , slightly burry warble '' . Its call is `` a wet 'plik ' or 'plek ' '' .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the rose-bellied bunting as Near Threatened `` because it has a small range , which may be in decline owing to habitat degradation and infrastructure development . ''
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Life . Rose Bellied Bunting . Encyclopedia of Life
rose-bellied bunting
Endemic birds of Southern Mexico
Near threatened fauna of North America
rose-bellied bunting
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Water Street is located in downtown St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . It became a commercial trading outpost for the Basques , French , Spanish , Portuguese , and English . The street now boasts many souvenir shops , restaurants , pubs , and high-end boutiques , as well as other commercial ventures . To this day the street remains the hub of commercial activity in the city and in 2020 the city implemented a seasonal pedestrian-only section of the road .
National Historic Site
The Water Street Historic District was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1987 and comprises a group of commercial structures which are representative of the 19th-century mercantile businesses associated with the Newfoundland fisheries and the Atlantic trade .
References
Streets in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
16th-century establishments in Canada
National Historic Sites in Newfoundland and Labrador
Jesse Rhoades Purnell ( May 11 , 1881 to July 4 , 1966 ) , was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies . He batted left and threw right-handed . Purnell had two hits and scored 2 runs in 19 at-bats in seven career games . He was born in Glenside , Pennsylvania , and died in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
External links
1881 births
1966 deaths
Major League Baseball third basemen
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Phillies players
People from Cheltenham , Pennsylvania
The 2010 European Senior Tour was the 19th season of the European Senior Tour , the professional golf tour for men aged 50 and above operated by the PGA European Tour . Boonchu Ruangkit won four events and the Order of Merit title .
Tournament results
The numbers in brackets after the winners ' names show the number of career wins they had on the European Senior Tour up to and including that event . This is only shown for players who are members of the tour .
For the tour schedule on the European Senior Tour 's website , including links to full results , click here .
Leading money winners
There is a complete list on the official site here .
External links
European Seniors Tour
European Senior Tour
The Eppingen lines ( ) were a fortified defensive line , which stretched from Weißenstein near Pforzheim via Mühlacker , Sternenfels , Eppingen to Neckargemünd in southern Germany . It had a total length of 86 kilometres .
Purpose
The French king , Louis XIV . ( the `` Sun King '' ) made claims to the inheritance of Liselotte of the Palatinate ( Elizabeth Charlotte ) . She had married Duke Philip of Orleans , the brother of Louis XIV . This conflict resulted in the War of the Palatine Succession . The Eppingen lines were built between 1695 and 1697 under Margrave Louis William of Baden , also known as `` Turkish Louis '' , using socage labour , in order to prevent French raids during the Palatine succession crisis ( 1688–1697 ) . Louis William of Baden understood the geographical advantage and the need for a state line of defence ( Landesdefensionslinie ) . The location of the Eppingen lines had the benefit that the terrain could be held even against a stronger enemy .
Design
The bulwark consisted of a roughly 40-metre-wide Verhack , an abatis of branches and logs that was followed by a roughly 2.5-metre-deep ditch . The spoil from the ditch was used to build a rampart behind the ditch .
The ditch and bank system of the Eppingen lines was guarded by watchtowers , called chartaques . A chartaque was a tower-like blockhouse with a plan measuring 6×6m and a height of about 12 metres .
Situation of the civilian population
Civilians from Durlach and Baden were forced to work on the construction of the defences . These so-called schanzers came from the area in front of the Eppingen lines and were thus at the mercy of French forces . The French army threatened to raze villages if schanzen were built . The German generals , for their part , threatened executions if the population did not assist with building the defences . Thus the people who lived in front of the lines often had to suffer twice as much .
Modern day reconstructions
Examples of the typical wooden watchtowers have been reconstructed and may be seen today at Eppingen ( ) and Mühlacker ( ) . In 1988 a 12.5-metre-high wooden observation tower was built at the Waldschanz south of Niefern-Öschelbronn near .
In the south , near Pforzheim , the line is linked to the Black Forest lines .
The Eppingen Lines Way ( Eppinger-Linien-Weg ) , a footpath , runs along the course of the defensive lines and through parts of the Stromberg-Heuchelberg Nature Park . It has display boards with information about the historic monument . The way is marked with a stylised symbol of a chartaque .
See also
Baroque fortifications in the Black Forest
Bühl-Stollhofen Line
Ettlingen Line
References
Literature
Rudolf Groll : Der Orleanische Krieg und die Zerstörung Brettens 1689 . In . Brettener Jahrbuch für Kultur und Geschichte 1960 , Bretten 1960 , S. 9-29 ( S. 20-25 : Eppinger Linien )
Gerhard Weber : Die Eppinger Linie , Kraichgau - Heimatforschung im Landkreis Sinsheim , 1979
Heimatfreunde Eppingen : Rund um den Ottilienberg , Band 6 , 1994 , ISBN 3 - 930172 - 11 - 9
External links
Eppingen Lines footpath at OpenStreetMap
http : //www.stimme.de/kraichgau/kultur/sonstige-Letzte-Arbeiten-an-Eppinger-Linien ; art16463,1839651
http : //www.heimatverein-lomersheim.de/geschichte/eppingerlinie/index.html
http : //www.ploync.de/reisen/359-deutsche-verteidigungslinie-wachtuerme-auf-den-eppinger-linien-mit-bildern.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20150629121608/http : //www.niefern-oeschelbronn.de/index.cfm ? fuseaction=gaeste & rubrik=sehenswertes & id=299
Forts in Germany
Margraviate of Baden
Black Forest
The Texas Municipal Retirement System ( TMRS ) is a statewide retirement system that provides retirement , disability , and death benefits for employees of participating Texas municipalities . TMRS was established in 1947 by Texas state law and is administered in accordance with the Texas Municipal Retirement System Act ( Texas Government Code , Title 8 , Subtitle G ) . Although established under state law , TMRS receives no state funding . The System offers a choice of benefits so that each participating city can design a plan to suit its needs and budget . Each city 's plan is funded independently by that city . Retirement benefits for employees of participating cities are paid from the employees ' contributions , city contributions , and the System 's investment income .
Distinguishing Features of the System
TMRS administers a program for more almost 1,000 cities , providing retirement , disability , and survivor benefits to active and retired municipal employees of participating Texas cities . Distinguishing features of the System are :
TMRS is a statewide retirement system that cities may elect to join
TMRS is a “ hybrid ” cash-balance defined benefit retirement plan rather than a traditional , formula-based defined benefit plan
TMRS does not receive any state funds and does not administer a health care plan
Benefits are based on a member 's account balance at retirement . The retirement benefit is funded through mandatory employee deposits , city contributions , and investment income
For a maximum benefit TMRS plan , investment income provides as much as 80 % of a 20-year employee 's benefit
Conservative Plan Features - TMRS ' Investment Return Assumption is 6.75 % . Each city 's unfunded liability is amortized over a closed period of no more than 30 years . Each member 's benefits are advance funded over the member 's working career . Contribution “ holidays ” are not allowed ; every city must pay its required contribution .
Funded Status - The funded status ( ratio ) of TMRS , as a system , was 89.5 % as of 12/31/2020 . This funded ratio has trended upward over the past few years .
Investments
TMRS administered $ 34.5 billion in assets as of December 31 , 2020 . The Investments Department at TMRS follows these Total Portfolio Performance Objectives :
Achieve a Total Rate of Return , over rolling five-year periods , consistent with the assumed long-term rate of return on TMRS assets adopted by the board ( currently 6.75 % )
Exceed an appropriate benchmark reflective of asset class participation over rolling five-year periods ( i.e. , Policy Index )
Diversification has been , and continues to be , implemented through a deliberate multi-year process . The current asset allocation strategy is expected to meet the long-term total return objective of 6.75 % , consistent with the actuarial interest rate assumption for the plan . A detailed summary of investment operations , including performance of different asset classes and diversification progress , is found in the Investment Section of the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report .
Governance
The TMRS Act provides that the administration of TMRS is entrusted to a six-member Board of Trustees , appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Texas Senate . Board members serve on a volunteer basis and are employed by a TMRS-participating city . Per the Texas Constitution , Trustees continue to perform the duties of their office until a successor has been duly qualified . Board members serve staggered , six-year terms . The Board oversees the administration of TMRS and exercises fiduciary responsibility for investments .
Location
TMRS is headquartered at 2717 Perseverance Drive , Suite 300 , in Austin , Texas . Business hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. , Monday - Friday . Its Member Service Center number is 800-924-8677 .
References
External links
Economy of Texas
Public pension funds in the United States
The Beautiful Spy ( ) is a 2013 historical-thriller television film set in Nazi Germany shortly before the outbreak of World War II inspired by the few facts known about Vera von Schalburg .
Plot
Vera von Schalburg ( portrayed by Valerie Niehaus ) is a German prostitute working in Nazi Germany . In 1938 , one year before the outbreak of World War II , Schalburg is arrested by the Berlin police . She is offered to work as a spy for the Abwehr , the German military intelligence service , instead of facing jail time . Completely unaware of the secret war preparations being conducted by her government , and unwilling to leave her teenage son who later joins the Hitler Youth , she accepts the offer .
She quickly meets and befriends Wilhelm Canaris ( portrayed by Peter Prager ) , chief of the Abwehr , and is selected for a top-secret mission to Great Britain . When Schalburg learns of innocent Polish civilians being killed on mass in German-occupied Poland , she wants to leave . To prevent this , Abwehr agents led by Walther Luthmann ( portrayed by Jochen Nickel ) kidnaps her son , but Schalburg manages to track him down and go into hiding with him .
Realizing that Germany has lost the war , Schalburg moves to farm far away from the fighting with a male friend who becomes a sort of foster father for her son . Even though the war is long over by now , Luthmann , after confronting Schalburg at the farm , kills her for betraying the Abwehr during the war while in disguise as a common civilian .
Soundtrack
The musical score was written by British composer , conductor and orchestrator Nic Raine .
Vision 01:54
Corridor/Washroom/Disposal 02:43
Cocktails 01:03
Work For Us/You 'll Hear From Us/Already Enlisted 04:18
Their Flat 01:59
Wenneman/The Plan/Wenneman Taken 07:35
Gestapo/Change Of Plan/London 04:42
Transmission/Assignations/Workplace 04:47
Capture/The Gallows 03:15
At Last 04:13
I 'm Sorry 02:17
Snatched/Car Crash/Aftermath 04:56
Landing 02:53
Travelling/Finding Christian 03:44
Retribution 03:42
Epilogue 07:12
See also
List of World War II TV series
List of World War II films
References
External links
German television films
2013 television films
2013 films
2010s spy thriller films
World War II spy films
German spy thriller films
2010s German-language films
German-language television shows
2010s German films
The Bird That Drinks Blood ( Korean : 피를 마시는 새 Pireul masineun sae , abbreviated as 피마새 Pimasae ) is a series of Korean fantasy novels by Lee Yeongdo . Set in the same world of Lee 's previous work The Bird That Drinks Tears , the stories depict clashes between absolute power and free will with the backdrop of the Neo Arajit Empire ( Korean : 신 아라짓 제국 ) that 's ruled over by flying capital Skywhere ( Korean : 하늘누리 ) . The Empress Governheaven of the Empire secures the eternal empire against the Lekons and rebellious forces , but it is gradually revealed that behind the endless conflicts and confusion the Empress 's ambitions and plots have played a major part as well . The story begins with four people ; Jimen the Emperor Hunter and a one-eyed human girl Asil , whose dream of an independent nation of Lekons have been ruthlessly suppressed by the Empress , on whom they swore to wreak vengeance ; the General-in-Chief Elsi who took the marches of a margrave who formed a faction to defy the Empress , and Jeong U , the margrave 's daughter .
Korean press has compared Lee 's the Bird series to J.R.R . Tolkien 's Middle-earth works , in the aspect that Lee constructed languages and created geography , vegetation , and history that pans several thousand years . `` Moreover , unlike Tolkien who set the virtual history simply as a mythical battleground of good and evil , in Lee 's world the moving history , politics , industries and cultural background are constructed in such great detail that this another world feels real and urgent , and sucks you in . '' The Korean overtones of the world was also acclaimed . The ancient language of Arajit is based on the Proto-Korean language . The undefeated general Elsi enjoys a game of baduk while other characters enjoy traditional Korean folk games such as Ssireum and Yut Nori , and Jeong U dresses in what is similar to Hanbok and wears a binyeo in her hair . The Empire 's system of rank and office is modeled after that of Silla and Goryeo .
Serialization and publication
Serialization
As Lee 's all multi-volume series , such as Dragon Raja ( 1998 ) and The Bird That Drinks Tears , ( 2002 ) The Bird That Drinks Blood was serialized on a serial forum of an online service provider , Hitel , `` from the Christmas of 2003 to Christmas of 2004 , exactly a year . '' It is the last of Lee 's works to be on the forum before Hitel 's closure in 2007 . It is also his longest work to date . ( August 2011 )
Publication
Golden Bough , an imprint of Minumsa Publishing Group , has been Lee 's publisher since 1998 , and also runs an online community site for the fans of Lee 's works . After The Bird That Drinks Blood was completed , in January 2005 the publisher called for volunteer `` reader editors '' at the website , to come meet the author at the publisher 's office where they could talk about their requests and ideas about how the book should be printed . The Bird That Drinks Blood was published in July 2005 in 8 hardcover volumes . Each volume 's title is as follows :
Volume 1 : The Emperor Hunter
Volume 2 : The General-in-Chief of the Empire
Volume 3 : The Ruler of the Bloodshed
Volume 4 : The One That Wields Fire
Volume 5 : The Master of Balkene
Volume 6 : The Lekon That Walks in the Rain
Volume 7 : The One That Burns Self
Volume 8 : The One That Treads on The Sky
Races
The fictional world of The Bird That Drinks Tears is inhabited by four chosen people , four races with their own deity - humans , nagas , lekons and dokkebis .
Rumors and hopes for a Trilogy , or a Tetralogy
After The Bird That Drinks Tears and The Bird That Drinks Blood , some readers wonder and hope that Lee would write the Bird series as a full tetralogy , because of an old tale told by the legendary Kitalger Hunters in The Bird That Drinks Tears :
There are four brother birds.Their appetites are all different.They are the bird that drinks water , the bird that drinks blood , the bird that drinks poison , and the bird that drinks tears.The one that lives the longest of them is the bird that drinks blood.Then , which one would live the shortest ? It is the bird that drinks tears , because he drinks tears of others.The bird that drinks blood lives the longest , because he drinks what is so precious that no one wants to shed it out of their body.The body sheds tears on its own . How harmful it must be , for the body to shed it so ? One that drinks such harmful thing would not live long.But it is said ; the bird that drinks tears would sing the most beautiful songs.The bird that drinks blood lives the longest , because he drinks what is so precious that nobody wants to give out.But because he stinks of blood no one goes near .
One part of the tale about the other two birds are told in The Bird That Drinks Blood :
Poison is the gentlest and water is the sharpest . If you give poison , one falls asleep ; but if you pour water , one springs up.The bird that flies the fastest is the bird that drinks poison , and the bird that flies the slowest is the bird that drinks water .
Lee 's fans voice their hopes online that Lee would at least write The Bird That Drinks Poison , if The Bird That Drinks Water is n't dramatic enough for a fantasy title . When asked about this in interviews , Lee denies any plans for another sequel on his part , saying `` I do n't know anything for now . I have no plans . ''
In a 2008 interview , when asked `` we understand that writing the `` Bird '' series has not been finished . Please let us know your future writing plans , '' Lee answered laughing : `` there are lots of rumors [ ... ] About this 'Bird ' series too . I never declared that I would write a series , but before I knew it , the new quartet or new saga has become the ambition of this typer 's life . Well . If a story that I want to type comes up I will type it , if not I wo n't type it . I do n't have any ambitious plan going ' I will type before I die ! ' ''
References
External links
Lee Yeongdo Official Publication Cafe ( Korean )
The fan-made wiki database of The Bird That Drinks Tears and The Bird That Drinks Blood ( Korean )
Fantasy novel series
Works by Lee Yeongdo
Novels first published in serial form
South Korean fantasy novels
Kanbalu District is a district in Sagaing Division of Burma ( Myanmar ) . Its administrative center is the city of Kanbalu .
Townships
The district consists of the following townships , all formerly from Shwebo District :
Kanbalu Township
Kyunhla Township
Notes
Districts of Myanmar
Sagaing Region
The Sarcophagus of the Triumph of Bacchus is a monumental ancient Roman stone sarcophagus of Carrara marble . The style and high quality of its reliefs and the choice of Bacchus triumphing over India as its subject suggests it came from a Roman workshop and possibly dates to the start of the 3rd century , from the reign of Caracalla to that of Elagabalus .
It was rediscovered around 1800 on the Saint-Just hill in Lyon , France , during the rebuilding of the église Saint-Irénée . At that time it was broken into three pieces and reburied below the church 's staircase , from where it was exhumed in 1824 by A. Comarmond during restoration work on the church . It is now in the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon .
Description
The sarcophagus 's relief represents the mythological scene of Bacchus 's triumph over the Indies in his youth . It is made up of two registers .
One is vertical , with a group of figures around the central figure of Pan looking backwards and wearing a nebris ( a panther skin , a symbolic attribute like Bacchus 's deerskin or Hercules 's lion skin ) , and the other horizontal from top to bottom , with genre scenes . A child-Pan stands between Pan 's legs , holding a lagobolon ( a stick used for hunting hare ) and playing the flute .
Either side of Pan is a group of six figures . On the left hand side of the relief is Bacchus in his triumphal chariot , decorated with acanthus foliage and drawn by two panthers ( his favoured animals ) in the foreground . He holds his thyrsus in his right hand and wears a royal tunic as worn by Hellenistic sovereigns and a woman 's chiton covered by a nebris belted at the waist . He is crowned by a Victory standing behind him and holding a palm in her left hand . To Bacchus 's right sits Ariadne , crowned with foliage but with her body partly hidden by a Bacchante .
The right hand group illustrates Bacchus 's triumph over India with exotic figures - captives wearing a short tunic , mantle and barbarian German trousers and with braided hairstyles . One of them rides an elephant whose trunk and tusks were carved in very high relief and have not survived . The elephant 's face is covered in corymbs , his body is covered in a net and his neck bears a bell . Between the elephant 's forefeet is a lion , and behind him are exotic animals from the Orient and Africa - camel or giraffe . To the extreme left is Hercules in his lionskin , trying to approach a nymph who pushes her right hand against his shoulder . He appears to struggle but is supported by a satyr .
Hercules 's drunkenness is associated with the cult of Bacchus and ( having travelled to the ends of the earth ) his presence is another indicator of a foreign land . The link between Bacchus and Hercules is confirmed by the figure of Silenus .
In the top right corner is a shepherd lying between two goats and accompanied by a genius locus . The space between the main figures is occupied by smaller elements , such as squatting goats . The short sides of the sarcophagus are carved in bas relief - the left side has a smiling Pan or satyr holding a lagobolon and a flute , with a stone cyst with a serpent slithering from it and with a bacchante next to him playing a tambourine ; on the right side is a satyr approaching a Bacchante before a garlanded altar with fruits and pine cones .
Bibliography
Nouvel Espérandieu , 2006 , n° 238 , pp . 76–81 .
Anne-Catherine Le Mer , Claire Chomer , Carte archéologique de la Gaule , Lyon 69/2 , Paris , 2007 , pp . 664 & 665 .
Notes and references
3rd-century Roman sculptures
1800 archaeological discoveries
Triumph
Archaeological discoveries in France
Roman Lyon
Sculptures of Dionysus
Sculptures of Pan ( god )
Ariadne
Sculptures of Heracles
Silenus
Pterogonia episcopalis is a moth of the family Nolidae first described by Charles Swinhoe in 1891 . It has been described as being from the Indian subcontinent .
Description
Pterogonia episcopaliss head and thorax are violaceous grey with a few brown scales . Its abdomen is pale brown with slight whitish segmental hues . The claspers are fringed with rufous hair . The ventral surface is whitish except towards the extremity of the species .
References
Nolidae
Moths described in 1891
Taxa named by Charles Swinhoe
Litorimonas taeanensis is a Gram-negative , aerobic and heterotrophic bacterium from the genus of Litorimonas which has been isolated from the beach of Taean in Korea .
References
Rhodobacterales
Bacteria described in 2011
Pieter Tuhoro ( born 1987 ) , known by his stage name Pieter T , is a New Zealand R & B singer and music producer . He was originally a member in the short lived music group , Boyband in 2006 . Pieter T made his solo musical debut in 2009 with the single Cold Nights followed by the singles , Stay With Me , Ca n't Stop Loving You and Something Else which peaked at number six on the NZ Radio Charts . His latest release is the single the Business feat . PNC and Dei Hamo off his debut album Life , Love and Lessons .
Career
In 2006 , Pieter won a radio station competition on The Edge to become a member in a manufactured New Zealand boy band . As part of the group he was given the nickname , ( Cute Boy ) . Since the band disbanded in late 2006 , he has been the only member to continue pursuing a music career .
In late 2008 , Pieter met NZ urban artist Chong Née who co-signed him to Kog Mastering / trading as Handmade Records . Kog Studio quickly starting working alongside him as he brought in producers such as Rahxx , Paurini Wiringi and David Nesian to create tracks for his debut album .
Album
Pieter moved to Auckland from Hamilton in 2009 . He is signed to Handmade Records .
`` Life , Love and Lessons '' is his first studio album .
He commented on the writing process for the album :
'Life , Love and Lessons ' includes collaborations with artists and producers including , Chong Née , Aaradhna , PNC , Dei Hamo , Truth , Vince Harder and Rachel Fraser . Pieter writes his own songs , he has also musically produced each track on the album .
Pieter 's first self released single 'Cold Nights ' is still heavily requested on NZ radio . The summer release 'Business ' leapt up the charts without a music video . 'Ca n't Stop Loving You ' , peaked at number 9 on the radio charts . The single 'Something Else ' hit the charts peaking at # 6 . His latest single is `` Let You Go '' .
The entire album was recorded Mixed and mastered at Kog Studio , in Auckland . It was released on 20 June 2010 .
Due to demand he will be touring with Dei Hamo and Smashproof nationwide in August 2011 .
Discography
Singles
Albums
2010 – Life , Love and Lessons
2013 – Completion
2018 – Goliath
References
External links
http : //www.pieterT.com
https : //www.myspace.com/pietertmusicnz
http : //www.amplifier.co.nz/artist/44174/pieter-t.html
http : //www.hustlemanagement.com
APRA Award winners
New Zealand pop singers
New Zealand contemporary R & B singers
1987 births
Living people
21st-century New Zealand male singers
The Pararia mass rape was an incident of caste-based violence that affected several regions of Bihar , India , between the 1980s and 1990s . The incident took place in the village of Pararia , located from the temple town of Deoghar . Women from 26 families were gang-raped by a group of the Bihar Police Force . The victims were Yadav , a caste classified as Other Backward Class .
Incident
In 1988 , a patrol group of the Bihar Police raided the Yadav village of Pararia . At least 14 women ( some sources say as high as 19 and as low as 5 ) aged between 13 and 50 were reported to have been gang-raped , and male family members were brutally beaten . The police also looted valuables , jewelry , and utensils from each house in the village . Nose rings and accessories worn by the women were forcefully removed , causing injury . A 76-year-old man , while trying to protect his daughter-in-law from being raped , was beaten and anally penetrated with a lathi—a thick bamboo stick . A few civilians stated that the rapes were in retaliation for the assault of a police constable a few days earlier , but the official response was it was done in response to the villagers ' refusal to move for the Punasi dam project ; some of the assaulted women took part in judicial proceedings . The judge presiding over the case , O.P . Sinha , said , `` Radhia Devi has stated that she was thrown on the ground on her back . Two chowkidars caught her legs and hands , and three policemen committed rape with her . The defense argued that such a posture at the time of rape was inconceivable ... I also find much weight in the argument . ''
Over the case , the judge charged five police officers for `` wrongful confinement '' using force and 14 others for mass rape . It was one of the biggest alleged incidents of police excess in Bihar .
Trial
Chief Minister Bhagwat Jha Azad took steps to ensure justice , but the investigation primarily depended upon the policemen of Bihar Police , who remained ineffective . The judge presiding over the judicial proceeding concluded from the medical report that one of the victims , Nonia Devi , was examined , and dead sperm were detected in her vaginal smears . According to a report , the judge took the view of the defense lawyer that she had been separated from her husband long ago , and the judge declared her a `` freelancer '' . However , the investigation by India Today revealed that she stayed with her husband Moti Yadav . Author Arthur Bonner , relying upon their investigation , states that her husband was not willing to leave her even after public shame as , they had a four-year-old child , and it was not his wife 's fault that she was raped .
Sinha was claimed to have given controversial statements in the explanation of his verdict . India Today reported Sinha 's concluding statements were : `` It can not be ruled out that these ladies might speak falsehood to get a sum of Rs 1,000 , which was a huge sum for them . ''
Chief Minister Bhagwat Jha Azad distributed one thousand rupees ( as compensation ) to each of the victims , and the reconstruction of their demolished huts began . According to authors Lora Prabhu and Sara Pilot in their book The Fear that Stalks : Gender-based Violence in Public Spaces , the assault and misbehavior of the police were not ruled out , but the rape charge was dismissed ; as such , eight policemen and six chowkidars ( village guards ) accused of rape were acquitted after one year of imprisonment . Prabhu and Pilot further believe that the Pararia incident was the surest way to defile the entire community , just like any other incident of sexual assaults during caste and communal riots , as women carry the honor of the entire community and raping them is the surest way of causing humiliation and shame to an entire community .
Ranjit Bhushan , a professor of Jamia Milia Islamia , believes that the dominance of upper-caste landlords in contemporary Bihar and the isolation of villages like Pararia are the reasons behind inter-caste clashes and the vulnerability of women in such places .
Aftermath
It was originally thought that the victims of this incident were Dalits , but they were discovered to be Yadav women after a visit by officials . The incumbent government , as reported , announced that neither rape nor dacoity ( banditry ) had occurred . Veteran leader George Fernandes recommended that the government ensure proper relief to the victims ' families and appoint special prosecutors to attend court proceedings , and suspended all the officials in the region , including the sitting superintendent of police . According to Fernandes , the chief minister 's stance was apathetic , but a legislator named Hind Kesari Yadav organized a march of protesters from Pararia to Patna covering a distance of .
In popular culture
A movie directed by Sagri Chhabra , Rape As Assertion of Power , portrayed the incident at Pararia . The movie focuses on a village that is to be submerged underwater for a major dam project , and the villagers protest for compensation . Rape is perpetrated to quell the protest by inflicting public shame on the stubborn villagers .
References
Gang rape in India
Incidents of violence against women
Trials in India
Violence against women in India
Further readings
The 2021–22 season was the 87th season in the existence of RCD Espanyol and the club 's first season back in the top flight of Spanish football . In addition to the domestic league , Espanyol participated in this season 's edition of the Copa del Rey .
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Reserve team
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 30 June 2021 .
Copa del Rey
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated 22 May 2022
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Players who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season but have left the club
| }
Goalscorers
References
RCD Espanyol seasons
RCD Espanyol
Rhein-Lahn-Kreis is a district ( Kreis ) in the east of Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . Neighboring districts are ( from north clockwise ) Westerwaldkreis , Limburg-Weilburg , Rheingau-Taunus , Mainz-Bingen , Rhein-Hunsrück , Mayen-Koblenz , and the district-free city Koblenz .
History
With the Congress of Vienna the area was added to the duchy of Nassau . When Nassau lost independence in 1866 it was added to Prussia , who then in 1867 created the Regierungsbezirk Wiesbaden , and as parts of it the two districts Rheingaukreis and Unterlahnkreis . The Rheingaukreis became the district St. Goarshausen in 1885 . In 1969 the two districts were merged into the new Rhein-Lahn district .
Geography
The name of the district already mentions the two biggest rivers of the district . The Rhine forms the boundary to the west , its narrow valley is used for wine cultivation . The Lahn flows through the northern part of the district until it joins the Rhine near Lahnstein . In the southern part of the district are the hills of the Taunus .
Coat of arms
The coat of arms most prominently shows a lion , as most of the historic rulers of the area had a lion in their coat of arms . These include the Counts of Diez , the Counts and later Princes of Nassau , the Counts of Katzenelnbogen and the Princes of the Electorate of the Palatinate . The two colors red and blue represent the two districts which were merged to form the Rhein-Lahn district - the blue derives from Nassau , the red from the clerical states of Trier and Mainz .
Towns and municipalities
References
External links
Official website ( German )
Districts of Rhineland-Palatinate
Timothy William McCristal ( 1881 – 24 June 1963 ) was an Australian soldier and left-wing activist , and one of the most prolific unsuccessful candidates for political office in Australian history .
He was born in Bellingen into a large Catholic family . He fought in the Boer War as part of the 2nd New South Wales Mounted Rifles , arriving in South Africa in April 1901 . He returned to New South Wales in June 1902 , and in 1903 married Kathleen Carney , settling at Raleigh . Here he became involved in the labour movement , running unsuccessfully as the Labor Party candidate for Raleigh in the 1907 state election . In 1910 he moved to Sydney after the death of his wife , and began work as a wharf labourer . He ran as an independent social democrat for the seat of Pyrmont in the 1910 state election .
McCristal became active in the local Wharf Labourers ' Union , forming an association with Billy Hughes who remained its secretary while serving in federal parliament . He enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force at the outbreak of World War I , serving in the 1st Light Horse Regiment . He arrived in Egypt in December 1914 and also served at Gallipoli , where he was wounded in August 1915 . He was evacuated , and the shrapnel in his legs made further active service impossible . He was returned to Australia to serve as an army recruiter , arriving in Melbourne in April 1916 . This occupation was short-lived and he was discharged on health grounds in June .
In 1916 , on his return from the war , McCristal had become President of the Sydney Wharf Labourers ' Union , and became a campaigner against conscription . He was involved in expelling his former friend Hughes from the union , and the union submitted his name as a potential Labor candidate for Hughes ' vacated seat of West Sydney at the 1917 federal election ; he lost to Con Wallace , who went on to win the seat . McCristal remained active in the anti-conscription campaign , and in August 1917 he was arrested and charged with sedition following a meeting at the Sydney Domain , in which he called the King and parliamentarians `` parasites '' . Convicted on 16 November 1917 , he was sentenced to nine months ' imprisonment , which he served at Goulburn Gaol .
On his release McCristal became involved with the Industrial Socialist Labor Party , running as its candidate for the seat of Cook in 1919 . He also contested the 1921 West Sydney by-election . In 1922 he became NSW president of the Waterside Workers ' Federation , and ran again for the ISLP in the state election of that year . Back in the official Labor fold by 1925 , he contested Ryde at the state election , and in 1934 he ran as the Lang Labor candidate for the federal seat of Cowper against Earle Page . During this period he was in court three times : once in 1922 , when he was fined £10 for encouraging a strike ; again in 1932 , when he was acquitted of causing bodily harm after a conflict with a sub-tenant ; and finally in 1933 , when he unsuccessfully sued the Sun for libel regarding its account of the 1932 case .
In 1937 he was again endorsed as the Labor candidate for Cowper , but the executive refused to endorse him and he left the Labor Party for good . He contested the 1943 federal election for the `` Soldier Citizens and War Workers Labour Party '' , running in the seat of West Sydney . He ran for Oxley in the 1944 state election for the Australian Labor Movement , and in 1947 contested Marrickville . He now became associated with the Australian Republican Party , a group supporting a United States-style republic for Australia . He contested the 1949 , 1951 , 1954 , 1955 and 1958 federal elections and the 1950 , 1953 , 1956 and 1962 state elections , as well as a 1954 by-election for the state seat of Leichhardt . By now he was generally polling very small totals .
McCristal attracted some attention in 1952 when he attended the funeral of his old foe Hughes , who he said had `` contributed much to Labor 's cause and been a great Australian '' . He contested his last election in 1962 at the age of 81 , and died at Repatriation General Hospital at Concord . He had contested twenty-one elections unsuccessfully over a period of fifty-five years .
References
1881 births
1963 deaths
Australian trade unionists
Australian military personnel of the Second Boer War
Australian military personnel of World War I
The Battle of the Seelow Heights ( ) was part of the Berlin Strategic Offensive Operation ( 16 April–2 May 1945 ) . A pitched battle , it was one of the last assaults on large entrenched defensive positions of the Second World War . It was fought over three days , from 16–19 April 1945 . Close to 1,000,000 Soviet soldiers of the 1st Belorussian Front ( including 78,556 soldiers of the Communist Polish 1st Army ) , commanded by Marshal Georgy Zhukov , attacked the position known as the `` Gates of Berlin '' . They were opposed by about 110,000 soldiers of the German 9th Army , commanded by General Theodor Busse , as part of the Army Group Vistula .
This battle is often incorporated into the Battle of the Oder–Neisse . The Seelow Heights was where some of the most bitter fighting in the overall battle took place , but it was only one of several crossing points along the Oder and Neisse rivers where the Soviets attacked . The Battle of the Oder–Neisse was itself only the opening phase of the Battle of Berlin .
The result was the encirclement of the German 9th Army and the Battle of Halbe .
Buildup
On 9 April 1945 , Königsberg in East Prussia fell to the Soviet Army . This freed the 2nd Belorussian Front under Marshal Konstantin Rokossovsky to move to the east bank of the Oder . During the first two weeks of April , the Soviets performed their fastest front redeployment of the war . The 2nd Belorussian Front relieved the 1st Belorussian Front along the lower Oder between Schwedt and the Baltic Sea .
This allowed the 1st Belorussian Front to concentrate in the southern half of its former front , opposite the Seelow Heights . To the south , the 1st Ukrainian Front under Marshal Ivan Konev shifted its main force from Upper Silesia north-west to the Neisse River .
The three Soviet fronts together had 2,500,000 men , 6,250 tanks , 7,500 aircraft , 41,600 artillery pieces and mortars , 3,255 truck-mounted Katyusha rocket launchers and 95,383 motor vehicles .
The 1st Belorussian Front had nine regular and two tank armies consisting of 77 rifle divisions , two cavalry , five tanks and two mechanized corps , eight artillery and one guards mortars divisions and a mixture of other artillery and rocket launcher brigades . The front had 3,059 tanks and self-propelled guns and 18,934 artillery pieces and mortars .
Eight of the 11 armies were posted along the Oder . In the north , the 61st Army and the 1st Polish Army held the river line from Schwedt to its meeting with the Finow Canal . On the Soviet bridgehead at Küstrin , the 47th Army , 3rd and 5th Shock armies , and the 8th Guards Army were concentrated for the attack .
The 69th Army and 33rd Army covered the river line south to Guben . The 1st Guards and 2nd Guards Tank armies and the 3rd Army were in reserve . The 5th Shock and 8th Guards were posted directly opposite the strongest part of the defences , where the Reichsstraße 1 to Berlin passed through the heights .
The German 9th Army held the front from about the Finow Canal to Guben , an area which included the Seelow Heights . It had 14 divisions , the `` Fortress '' ( Festung ) Frankfurt , 587 tanks ( 512 operable , 55 in repair , 20 in transit ) and 2,625 artillery pieces ( including 695 anti-aircraft guns ) . Further south , the front was held by the 4th Panzerarmee , which opposed the 1st Ukrainian Front .
General Gotthard Heinrici replaced Heinrich Himmler as commander of Army Group Vistula on 20 March . He correctly predicted that the main Soviet thrust would be made over the River Oder and along the Reichsstraße 1 at Seelow Heights . He decided to defend the riverbank with only a light skirmishing screen , but to strongly fortify the Seelow Heights , which rise about above the Oder and overlook the river where the Reichsstraße crossed it . He thinned out the line in other areas to put more men on the heights .
The Oder 's floodplain was already saturated by the spring thaw , but German engineers also released water from a reservoir upstream , which turned the plain into a swamp . Behind the heights , they built three lines of defences , spreading back toward Berlin . The last was the Wotan Line , behind the front line . These lines consisted of anti-tank ditches , anti-tank gun emplacements , and an extensive network of trenches and bunkers .
Battle
In the early hours of April 16th , the offensive began with a massive bombardment by thousands of artillery pieces and Katyushas . Well before dawn , the 1st Belorussian Front attacked across the Oder and the 1st Ukrainian Front attacked across the Neisse . The 1st Belorussian Front was the stronger force , but it had the more difficult assignment since it was facing the bulk of the German forces .
The assault by the 1st Belorussian Front started with an intense artillery bombardment . According to Beevor and Ziemke , Heinrici and Busse had anticipated the attack and withdrew their defenders from the first line of trenches just before the Soviet artillery would have obliterated them . Whereas according to a report to Stalin , Zhukov wrote that :
Considering that the enemy moves its infantry from the first to the second and third lines of trenches in the morning , I used a nightly artillery barrage with a high density of fire for 30 minutes , with the use of searchlights to blind the enemy and light up the terrain ahead of the advancing troops ... According to the interrogated prisoners , artillery fire was so sudden and overwhelming that the enemy did not have time to move from the first trench line ; the second and third lines were at all times under heavy fire from our artillery . As a result of this , the enemy units in the first line of defence suffered heavy casualties .
The swampy ground proved to be a great hindrance , and a German counter-barrage caused heavy Soviet casualties . Frustrated by the slow advance , Zhukov threw in his reserves , which according to his earlier plan were to be held back until the expected breakthrough . By early evening , an advance of had been achieved ( the 7th Rifle Corps from the 3rd Shock Army had advanced ) , but the second German defensive line remained intact . Zhukov was forced to report that his battle was not going as planned . However , in the south the attack by Konev 's 1st Ukrainian Front was going according to plan . To spur Zhukov on , Stalin told him that he had let Konev direct his tank armies north towards Berlin .
On the second day , the 1st Belorussian Front 's troops continued to advance in accordance with the initial plan . By nightfall on 17 April , the German second defensive line ( Stein Stellung ) was broken by the 5th Shock Army and 2nd Guards Tank Army . The right flank of the 4th Guards Rifle Corps of the 8th Guards Army , together with the 11th Guards Tank Corps of the 1st Guards Tank Army , had taken advantage of the success of their comrades and also advanced . The 47th and the 3rd shock armies progressed another .
To the south however , the 1st Ukrainian Front was pushing back the 4th Panzer Army ; the left flank of Army Group Centre under Ferdinand Schörner was beginning to crumble . Schörner kept his two reserve panzer divisions in the south covering his centre , instead of using them to shore up the 4th Panzer Army . This was the turning point in the Berlin Offensive because the positions of both Army Group Vistula and the centre and right sectors of Army Group Centre were becoming untenable . Unless they fell back in line with the 4th Panzer Army , they faced envelopment . In effect , Konev 's successful attack on Schörner 's relatively poor defences to the south of Seelow Heights was unhinging Heinrici 's defence .
On 18 April , both Soviet fronts advanced with heavy losses . The Seelow Heights was bypassed from the north , during which Soviet troops met counterattacks by German reserves : 11th SS Panzergrenadier Division Nordland , 23rd SS Panzergrenadier Division Nederland and SS-Panzer Abteilung 103 ( 503rd ) . By nightfall , an advance of on the right flank and in the centre had been achieved , and the 1st Belorussian Front had reached the third and final German line of defence .
On 19 April , the 1st Belorussian Front eventually broke through the final defensive line of the Seelow Heights and now nothing but broken German formations lay between them and Berlin . The remnants of the 9th Army and the 4th Panzer Army were enveloped by the 1st Belorussian Front and by elements of the 1st Ukrainian Front which had broken through and turned north . Other armies of the 1st Ukrainian Front raced west towards the Americans . By the close of 19 April , the German eastern frontline had effectively ceased to exist . All that remained were pockets of resistance .
Aftermath and analysis
The defensive line on the Seelow Heights was the last major defensive line outside Berlin . From 19 April , the road to Berlin— to the west—lay open . By 23 April , Berlin was fully encircled and the Battle in Berlin commenced . Within two weeks , Adolf Hitler was dead and the war in Europe was effectively over .
As result of the 1st Belorussian Front 's success at the Seelow Heights and the Oder Front in general , most of the forces of the German 9th Army were encircled before they could retreat to Berlin . The city was then defended by broken formations , the Volkssturm , police , and air defence units , which resulted in the Red Army taking it in 10 days .
After the war , Zhukov 's critics asserted that he should have stopped the 1st Belorussian Front 's attack via the direct line to Berlin along the Autobahn and instead made use of the 1st Ukrainian Front 's breakthrough over the Neisse or concentrate its armies on surrounding Berlin from the north . This would have bypassed the strong German defences at Seelow Heights , and avoided many casualties and the delay in the Berlin advance .
Zhukov supposedly took the shortest path , the critics contend , so that his troops would be the first ones to enter the city . However , Zhukov chose the main thrust to be through the Seelow Heights not because he thought that was the quickest way to get to Berlin , but because that was the quickest way to link up with Konev 's 1st Ukrainian Front and cut off the German 9th Army from the city .
Also , bypassing the Seelow Heights and attacking Berlin from the north would have exposed the northern flank of the 1st Belorussian Front to a potential attack from German forces to the north , which could have pinned Zhukov 's forces against the Seelow Heights . Furthermore , in actuality only two of the five armies of the 1st Belorussian Front attacked the Seelow Heights themselves and the heights were eventually bypassed from the north as soon as there was a narrow breakthrough .
Estimates of Soviet casualties during the assault on the Seelow Heights vary from under 10,000 to over 30,000 killed .
See also
Eastern Front
Battle of Halbe
Battle of Berlin
Notes
References
Sources
Originally published in `` World War II '' at Suite101.com on 1 May 1999 . Revised edition published in `` Articles on War '' at OnWar.com on 1 July 2003 .
Conflicts in 1945
1945 in Germany
Battles involving Poland
Battles involving the Soviet Union
20th century in Brandenburg
Battles in Brandenburg
Battles of World War II involving Germany
Battles and operations of the Soviet–German War
Battle of Berlin
Battle of the Seelow Heights
April 1945 events
The men 's shot put event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 23 July . A 7.26 kg ( Senior implement ) shot was used .
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Qualifications
22 Jul
Group A
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 17 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event .
References
Shot put
Shot put at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Eas Mòr ( Gaelic for `` big waterfall '' ) is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland :
Eas Mòr , Arran
Eas Mòr , Auchness
Eas Mòr , Bernera
Eas Mòr , Durinish
Eas Mòr , Glen Brittle
Eas Mòr , Kames River
Eas Mòr , Minginish
Eas Mòr , Mull
Eas Mòr burn , Puck 's Glen , Cowal
Eas Mòr , River Torridon
Eas Mòr ( lower )
Eas Mòr ( upper )
Veckatimest ( ) is the third studio album by the American indie rock band Grizzly Bear , released on May 26 , 2009 , on Warp Records . The album is named after Veckatimest Island , a small island in Dukes County , Massachusetts . Produced by bassist and multi-instrumentalist Chris Taylor , the album entered the US Billboard 200 at # 8 , selling 33,000 copies in its first week of release . By September 2012 , the album had sold around 220,000 copies in the US . In 2010 . It was awarded a gold certification from the Independent Music Companies Association which indicated sales of at least 100,000 copies throughout Europe .
The album was also included in the 2011 edition of the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die .
Background and recording
The recording of Veckatimest began in summer 2008 at Allaire Studios in the Catskill Mountains of upstate New York . Regarding the writing process , Ed Droste states :
Nico Muhly collaborated with Grizzly Bear on this album . In the interim , they debuted four new songs : `` Two Weeks '' , `` While You Wait for the Others '' , `` Fine for Now '' and `` Cheerleader '' . They also performed `` While You Wait for the Others '' on Late Night with Conan O'Brien on April 21 , 2008 , and performed `` Two Weeks '' on Late Show with David Letterman on July 23 , 2008 . The band performed the track `` Two Weeks '' Live in the UK on Later ... with Jools Holland on 5 May 2009
A deluxe edition of the album was released on November 2 , 2009 , in Europe . Along with the twelve original tracks , it contained an exclusive 24 page booklet and a bonus disc of Veckatimest tracks recorded in various locations . Although the release was exclusive to Europe , the bonus tracks were released digitally to the US in the iTunes Store .
Releases
An unmastered version of the album was leaked before its release . Regarding this , Ed Droste states :
Packaging
Artwork
The abstract drawing was created by William O'Brien and chosen by Droste , whom he has known since high school . Although the piece was not originally intended to be used as Veckatimest '' 's artwork , O'Brien had been working on it at the same time as Grizzly Bear was working on the record . After contacting O'Brien requesting to use one of his pieces for the new album , Droste received a number of examples to choose from . Initially O'Brien was surprised Droste had chosen that specific piece for the artwork as he felt it had an `` awkward placement '' to it , but after hearing the album he reconsidered the piece , `` it was like this amazing , beautiful thing that happened '' .
Along with Veckatimest , O'Brien also created the artwork for the accompanying singles , and the European bonus disc . Although unclarified , it is most likely that the other artwork for the singles and bonus disc was taken from the same abstract series that spawned the Veckatimest piece as they all have a similar nature .
Title
The album 's title is a reference to Veckatimest Island , a small island in Dukes County , Massachusetts and a member of the Elizabeth Islands , a chain of small islands extending southwest from the southern coast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Naushon Island , another member of the Elizabeth Islands , is owned by the Forbes family and Grizzly Bear 's founding member , Ed Droste , is connected to the Forbes family through his mother Diana Forbes . In an interview with Pitchfork , Droste explained the title :
Reception and legacy
On release , Veckatimest was greeted with widespread critical acclaim , currently holding a score of 85 at the aggregate critic review site , Metacritic . The album is generally viewed by critics as a large step forward for Grizzly Bear in regards to partial genre-blending , musical complexity and experimentation .
Both `` While You Wait for the Others '' and `` Two Weeks '' appeared in Pitchforks Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s , ranking at # 334 and # 162 respectively . The album was ranked # 42 on their list of the decade 's top 200 albums . Rhapsody called it the 8th best album of 2009 . Official music videos have been produced for `` Two Weeks '' , `` While You Wait for the Others '' and `` Ready , Able '' . Veckatimest was also voted Stereogum 's second best album of 2009.Veckatimest was well-placed on many `` End of the Year '' lists , with Rolling Stone placing it at 21st , Spin magazine placing it at 4th and Pitchfork at 6th .
Jack Goes Boating and Blue Valentine
Many of the album 's tracks appear in actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's directorial debut , Jack Goes Boating ( 2010 ) , acting as the film 's primary score . Hoffman noted , `` Susan Jacobs the music supervisor threw Grizzly Bear my way . She was like , `` You should really listen to them ! '' I heard their album and I was like , `` Definitely ! '' There was a bunch of music from Grizzly Bear that I used , which fit so nicely . ''
Instrumental tracks from the album also appear on the film , Blue Valentine ( 2010 ) , with Grizzly Bear subsequently releasing a soundtrack album to the film , in 2011 .
Track listing
Personnel
The following people contributed to Veckatimest '' :
Band
Daniel Rossen – vocals , guitar , keyboards , string arrangements ( `` I Live With You '' )
Ed Droste – vocals , guitar , keyboards , omnichord
Chris Taylor – bass guitar , woodwinds , backing vocals
Christopher Bear – drums , backing vocals
Additional musicians
Victoria Legrand - backing vocals ( `` Two Weeks '' )
Brooklyn Youth Choir - backing vocals ( `` Cheerleader '' , `` I Live With You '' , `` Foreground '' )
Acme String Quartet - strings ( `` Southern Point '' , `` Ready , Able '' , `` I Live With You '' , `` Foreground '' )
Nico Muhly - choral arrangements ( `` Cheerleader '' , `` Foreground '' ) , string quartet arrangements ( `` Southern Point '' , `` Ready , Able '' , `` Foreground '' )
Recording personnel
Chris Taylor - producer , engineer
Gareth Jones - co-mixing engineer
Greg Calbi - mastering
Steve Falone - mastering assistant
Artwork
William J. O'Brien - drawings
Ben Wilkerson Tousley - design
Amelia Bauer - hand drawn text
Charts
References
External links
An interview with the band discussing the album track-by-track
Ed Droste on mixing Veckatimest
Grizzly Bear ( band ) albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Chris Taylor ( Grizzly Bear musician )
Warp ( record label ) albums
Chamber pop albums
The Men 's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 May 2016 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world , European and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 12:07 .
Final
The final was held at 19:26 .
References
Men 's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
The 2015 Nevada Wolf Pack football team represented the University of Nevada , Reno in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Wolf Pack were led by third–year head coach Brian Polian and played their home games at Mackay Stadium . They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference . They finished the season 7–6 and 4–4 in Mountain West play to finish in a tie for second place in the West Division . They were invited to the inaugural Arizona Bowl where they defeated fellow Mountain West member Colorado State .
Preseason
Mountain West media days
The Mountain West media days were held on July 28–29 , 2015 , at the Cosmopolitan in Paradise , Nevada .
Media poll
The preseason poll was released on July 28 , 2015 . The Wolf Pack were predicted to finish in third place in the MW West Division .
Preseason All–Mountain West Team
The Wolf Pack had two players selected to the preseason All–Mountain West Team ; one from the defense and one from the specialists .
Defense
Ian Seau – DL
Specialists
Alex Boy – P
Schedule
Personnel
Game summaries
UC Davis
Arizona
at Texas A & M
at Buffalo
UNLV
New Mexico
at Wyoming
Hawaii
at Fresno State
San Jose State
at Utah State
at San Diego State
vs. Colorado State ( Arizona Bowl )
The Wolf Pack and Rams are both members of the Mountain West Conference . However , they are in opposite divisions and did not play each other in the regular season in 2015 . This is the first time teams from the same conference have met in a non-championship bowl game since the 1979 Orange Bowl .
References
Nevada
Nevada Wolf Pack football seasons
Arizona Bowl champion seasons
Nevada Wolf Pack football
The 2019–20 season was Derby County 's twelfth consecutive season in the Championship in their 136th year in existence . Along with competing in the Championship , the club also participated in the FA Cup and the EFL Cup . The season covered the period from 1 July 2019 to 22 July 2020 .
This season was the first for manager Phillip Cocu , after the previous manager Frank Lampard left on 4 July 2019 to become head coach at Premier League club Chelsea .
After a poor first half of the season saw Derby in 17th and just seven points clear of relegation , the arrival of Wayne Rooney saw a galvanised Derby side lose just three of their sixteen games after the New Year and just three points off the playoff positions with just five games remaining . However a run of four straight defeats - all against teams occupying the top six - ended any hopes of a third consecutive playoff campaign as they finished six points behind Swansea City in 6th . The 10th-placed finish , and a return of 64 points , was Derby 's worst league performance since the 2012–13 season , when they also finished 10th but achieved just 61 points .
Review
Pre-season
The Derby squad reported back for pre-season training on 1 July , with uncertainty remaining over the future over Frank Lampard , who was excused from attending training to undergo talks with Chelsea about their vacant managerial position . With speculation over Lampard 's future , Phillip Cocu was installed as favourite to replace Lampard , with former Ram Darren Moore , Lincoln City 's Darren Cowley , Derby Academy boss Darren Wassall , Chris Hughton and Wycombe Wanderers manager Gareth Ainsworth also rumoured . Lampard was officially appointed as Chelsea 's head coach on 4 July , after just one year at Derby and Phillip Cocu was confirmed as his replacement the next day , becoming the first foreign manager in the club 's 136-year history . Following Cocu 's arrival , and with the new season just a month away , Derby were given promotion odds of 11/2 , putting them as ninth-favourite .
Pre-season preparations began with a 10-day training camp at the IMG Academy in Bradenton , Florida . A 2–0 victory over local USL League Two side Sarasota Metropolises was followed by a match with fellow EFL Championship side Bristol City , which was abandoned at half-time due to extreme weather conditions , with the Rams trailing 1–0 . The match was rearranged for the following day and played over two , 30-minute halves , with the Derby winning 2–0 . Derby returned to England to round off their pre-season preparations with a 5–2 victory at Burton Albion in the Bass Vase , and 1–0 defeats to Segunda División side Girona and Scottish Premiership side Glasgow Rangers .
Following their failure to gain promotion the previous campaign , Derby set about reshaping the squad with three first team players , former club-record signing Bradley Johnson , Nick Blackman and Jacob Butterfield , leaving the club to join Blackburn Rovers , Maccabi Tel Aviv . and Luton Town
respectively . Three players joined the club , Everton midfielder Kieran Dowell and Brighton & Hove Albion defender Matthew Clarke on season-long loans , with the sole permanent signing being Arsenal 's Krystian Bielik for a potential club-record fee .
August
Derby started the season with a 2–1 victory away to recently relegated Huddersfield Town , with the result itself coming against a backdrop of rumours that Manchester United and England all-time leading scorer Wayne Rooney was on his way to the club on a player-coach deal . The deal was confirmed the following day , with Rooney signing a deal which would see him join the club following the end of the MLS season on a £100k-a-week deal , which would be partly subsidised by club-sponsor 32Red . The end of the transfer window on 8 August saw Derby sign Huddersfield Town goalkeeper Ben Hamer and Bristol City 's Jamie Paterson on loan , with Scott Carson leaving on loan for Manchester City .
Friendlies
Pre-season
In June 2019 . The Rams announced their pre-season schedule .
Mid-season
On 14 June 2020 , ahead of the season 's resumption following the enforced break during the COVID-19 pandemic , Derby County played two friendlies at Pride Park against fellow EFL Championship side Stoke City . The club had previously played an inter-squad friendly at Pride Park Stadium on 9 June 2020 .
Competitions
Championship
League table
Results by matchday
Result summary
Matches
On Thursday , 20 June 2019 , the EFL Championship fixtures were revealed . Fixture dates and kick-off times are subject to change due to televised games .
On 13 March 2020 , all professional football fixtures in the United Kingdom , including those of Derby County , were postponed until at least 3 April 2020 due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic . On 19 March 2020 , this postponement was extended until at least 30 April 2020 .
FA Cup
The third round draw was made live on BBC Two from Etihad Stadium , Micah Richards and Tony Adams conducted the draw . Derby County were drawn away to Premier League side Crystal Palace . The fourth round draw was made by Alex Scott and David O'Leary on Monday , 6 January .
EFL Cup
The first round draw was made on 20 June . The second round draw was made on 13 August 2019 following the conclusion of all but one first round matches .
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Forwards
| }
Goal scorers
Assists record
Transfers
Transfers in
Loans in
Loans out
Transfers out
References
Derby County
Derby County F.C . seasons
USA-50 , also known as GPS II-6 and GPS SVN-18 , was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System . It was the sixth of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched , which were the first operational GPS satellites to fly .
Background
It was part of the 21-satellite Global Positioning System ( GPS ) Block II series that provides precise position data ( accurate to within 16 m ) to military and civilian users worldwide . Its signals could be received on devices as small as a telephone . The GPS II satellites , built by Rockwell International for the Air Force Space Systems Division , each have a 7.5-year design life . The Air Force intends to launch a GPS II every 2 to 3 months until the constellation of 21 operational satellites and 3 spares is aloft . The GPS Block II join 7 operational Block 1 satellites .
Launch
USA-50 was launched at 22:55:01 UTC on 24 January 1990 , atop a Delta II launch vehicle , flight number D191 , flying in the 6925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A ( LC-17A ) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ( CCAFS ) , and placed USA-50 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor .
Mission
On 25 February 1990 , USA-50 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.92 minutes , and 54.6° of inclination to the equator . The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power . It had a design life of 7.5 years , and was retired from service on 18 August 2000 .
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1990
Lupton City is a neighborhood of Chattanooga , Tennessee , United States . The community developed in the 1920s as a mill town , a planned community that contained the Dixie Spinning Mills thread mill and housing for its workers .
History
Chattanooga businessman John T. Lupton established the Dixie Mercerizing Company around 1920 to manufacture thread using the mercerizing process , which had been introduced in 1913 . The company built its thread-spinning facility and the adjoining housing area on a tract north of the Tennessee River , outside the city limits of Chattanooga . In 1923 , when production began , the spinning mill had 12,000 spindles ; by 1925 there were 30,000 spindles .
Lupton City provided modern worker housing near the mill , as well as community services such as a school , post office , and church , and amenities such as concrete sidewalks , a gym , a movie theater , and a swimming pool . Medical care was available from a doctor and dentist employed by the company . By 1929 , Lupton City had 200 homes .
For most of its history , Lupton City had a post office . Homes in the community did not have mailboxes or residential delivery , so residents picked up their mail at the post office , which used ZIP code 37351 . In 2006 the post office was closed temporarily due to structural problems with the building that housed it , and residents were instructed to get their mail at the Hixson post office . The U.S . Postal Service and the building owner provided money to the city of Chattanooga to buy mailboxes for Lupton City postal customers , and the post office closed permanently on July 18 , 2009 .
Lupton City is now part of the city of Chattanooga . The yarn mill no longer operates in the community as Dixie Yarns , and has been torn down . All that remains is the bricks of the mill .
References
Neighborhoods in Chattanooga , Tennessee
Company towns in Tennessee
Yondota is an unincorporated community in Lucas County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
A post office called Yondota was established in 1895 , and remained in operation until 1906 . The name Yondota may be derived from Wyandot .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lucas County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Jeanne Geneviève Garnerin ( née Labrosse , 7 March 1775–14 June 1847 ) was a French balloonist and parachutist . She was the first to ascend solo and the first woman to make a parachute descent ( in the gondola ) , from an altitude of on 12 October 1799 .
Labrosse first flew on 10 November 1798 , one of the earliest women to fly in a balloon . She was the wife of André-Jacques Garnerin , a hydrogen balloonist and inventor of the frameless parachute .
Biography
Jeanne Labrosse was amongst the crowd watching André-Jacques Garnerin 's first hydrogen balloon flight and parachute descent at Parc Monceau , Paris , on 22 October 1797 . She made his acquaintance , became his pupil , and flew with him on 10 November 1798 , at Parc Monceau . She is sometimes described as the first woman in the world to fly in a balloon although Élisabeth Thible made a free flight in 1784 , and Citoyenne Henri flew with Garnerin on 8 July 1798 , four months earlier .
On 12 October 1799 , Labrosse ascended in a gondola with a balloon before detaching the balloon and descending in the gondola by parachute , from an altitude of 900 meters . In doing so , she became the first woman to parachute . She went on to complete many ascents and parachute descents in towns across France and Europe .
Patent for parachute
On 11 October 1802 , she filed a patent application on behalf of her husband for :
`` a device called a parachute , intended to slow the fall of the basket after the balloon bursts . Its vital organs are a cap of cloth supporting the basket and a circle of wood beneath and outside of the parachute and used to hold it open while climbing : it must perform its task at the moment of separation from the balloon , by maintaining a column of air . `` Techno science – profile of André-Jacques Garnerin
Touring England
André-Jacques Garnerin held the position of Official Aeronaut of France and was unofficially known as the aérostatier des fêtes publiques , so the couple visited England in 1802 during the Peace of Amiens . They completed a number of demonstration flights , including his first flight ascending from the Volunteer Ground in North Audley Street , Grosvenor Square and a parachute descent to a field near St Pancras . This gave rise to the popular English doggerel :
Bold Garnerin went up
Which increased his Repute
And came safe to earth
In his Grand Parachute .
Jeanne Garnerin accompanied him on his third flight over London . One of her parachute descents was estimated at 8,000 feet ( 2,438 m ) . When the war between France and Great Britain resumed in 1803 , the couple were forced to leave England and return to France , where she continued to make flights and descents.Spartacus – History of Flight – Parachutes
Family life
Garnerin 's husband died in 1823 . Garnerin later met French heroine Marie-Thérèse Figueur , Madame Sans-Gêne , who had fought in the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars , with whom she reportedly opened a table d'hôte restaurant .
Garnerin 's niece , Élisa ( Elizabeth ) , ( born 1791 ) , learned to fly balloons at age 15 , and made 39 professional parachute descents from 1815 to 1836 in Italy , Spain , Russia , Germany and France.Aeronautics and Space Flight Collections by Catherine Scott , 1985Elizabeth Garnerin was especially popular in Italy , where she was hailed as the `` Prima Aeroporista '' ( or First Parachutist ) of France when she made her twenty-second and twenty-third descents in Milan ( 5 March and 5 April 1824 ) . The crowds were delighted when she waved both French and Italian flags from the basket .
Commemoration
On 17 October 2006 , the rue Jeanne Garnerin '' in Wissous , France , was named in her honour .
See also
Citoyenne Henri – the first woman who accompanied André-Jacques Garnerin on a trip by balloon on 8 July 1798 from the Parc Monceau in Paris .
Louis-Sébastien Lenormand – inventor and pioneer in parachuting .
Notes
References
Aviation pioneers
French aviators
1775 births
1847 deaths
French skydivers
French stunt performers
French balloonists
French women aviators
Women aviation pioneers
The Milford Dam is a dam on the Penobscot River between Old Town and Milford in Penobscot County , Maine . The dam will receive a new fish lift as a part of an extensive project involving four dams to restore eleven species of sea-run fish to the Penobscot River . The Great Works Dam was removed in 2012 and was just downstream of the Milford Dam . The dam 's power plant has an 8 MW installed capacity .
References
Dams in Maine
Penobscot River
Buildings and structures in Old Town , Maine
Dams completed in 1906
1906 establishments in Maine
Mount Mills may refer to :
Mount Mills ( Alaska ) on the Kenai Peninsula
Mount Mills ( California ) in the Sierra Nevada range
Mount Mills ( Idaho )
Mounts Mills , New Jersey , an unincorporated community
Mount Mills ( Antarctica ) in the Dominion Range of Antarctica
Nizami Mammadov ( ) ( 12 January 1958 , Khankendi , Azerbaijan SSR , USSR – 29 March 1992 , Shusha , Azerbaijan ) is a National Hero of Azerbaijan , and the warrior of the First Nagorno-Karabakh War .
Life
Nizami Mammadov was born on January 12 , 1958 in Khankendi . After graduating from school number 4 named after Nizami Ganjavi served in the ranks of the Soviet army in the Irkutsk region in 1975-1977 .
With the beginning of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict , Nizami went to war . After that , a police officer , he transferred to Shusha , where he continued his service . Mammadov also participated in the delivery of food to self-defense battalions , and in a number of battles against the Armenian armed forces . Participated in a number of operations in the villages of Malibeyli , Galaderesi . On March 29 , 1992 , he was killed by a sniper . At the time of his death , Nizami was married . He had three children . By the decree of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan dated October 8 , 1992 , Mammadov Nizami Murad oglu was awarded the title of National Hero of Azerbaijan ( posthumously ) .
He was buried in the village of Deymadagly , Barda region .
Soruce
References
1958 births
1992 deaths
Azerbaijani military personnel
Azerbaijani military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
Azerbaijani military personnel killed in action
National Heroes of Azerbaijan
People from Stepanakert
Bangladeshi immigration to Brazil is a new trend , as the South American country has no tradition of receiving the Bengali people . Most of Bangladeshi immigrants to Brazil ask for political asylum and protection from the Brazilian government . Most of the countries declare them as `` refugees '' , although for the first time , Bangladeshis started to arrive in Brazil in the late 2000s and the migratory wave started to go upwards in the early 2010s . One of the reasons for choosing Brazil as a new home for these immigrants is their vision of the country being 'welcoming and full of opportunities ' , which they do not find in their home country , beyond the poverty , political and religious persecution in Bangladesh .
Illegal immigration
Brazilian police found connections of trafficking Bangladeshi nationals into the country . Saifullah Al-Mamun , a Bangladeshi was arrested by Brazilian federal police who was believed to be one of the world 's most notorious human traffickers . 'He is involved with smuggling into Brazil , and then to the United States , people from Afghanistan , Bangladesh , India , Nepal and Pakistan ' , the Brazilian police report .
Some immigrants have been victims of exploitation being deceived by international human trafficking , but those who work legally in the country tend to be employed in factories where halal slaughter ( a type of meat preparation that follows Islamic precepts ) is required .
Only between the months from January to April 2018 , the Bangladeshi were the fifth group of foreigners who requested refuge in the Latin American country , only being overcome by Venezuelans , Haitians , Cubans and Chinese .
See also
Bangladesh–Brazil relations
References
Immigration to Brazil
Bangladeshi diaspora
Ethnic groups in Brazil
Greatest Hits Vol . III is an album by the Everly Brothers that was released on the Barnaby Records label in 1977 .
Track listing
`` Brand New Heartache ''
`` Should We Tell Him ''
`` Love Of My Life ''
`` Since You Broke My Heart ''
`` Barbara Allen ''
`` Hey Doll Baby ''
`` Long Time Gone '' F. Hartford , T. Ritter
`` Lightning Express ''
`` Keep A Knockin ' ''
`` Leave My Woman Alone ''
The Everly Brothers compilation albums
1977 greatest hits albums
The following is a list of music albums , EPs , and mixtapes released in 2016 . These are notable albums , defined as having received significant coverage from reliable sources independent of the subject .
For additional information about bands formed , reformed , disbanded , or on hiatus , for deaths of musicians , and for links to musical awards , see 2016 in music .
First quarter
January
February
March
Second quarter
April
May
June
Third quarter
July
August
September
Fourth quarter
October
November
December
References
Albums
2016
Dupray is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Gaston Dupray ( 1886–1976 ) , Belgian film actor
Gilles Dupray ( born 1970 ) , French athlete
Jordan Dupray ( born 1991 ) , French-Malagasy footballer
Micheline Dupray ( born 1927 ) , French poet
See also
Duprat
Hot Water is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Jed Prouty , Shirley Deane and Spring Byington . It is part of the Jones Family series of films . The Jones father decides to run for mayor , leading the current incumbent to try to disgrace his son .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Chester Gore .
Partial cast
References
Bibliography
Bernard A . Drew . Motion Picture Series and Sequels : A Reference Guide . Routledge , 2013 .
External links
1937 films
1937 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Samuel Kaylin
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Georgios Christodoulou ( ; born 17 August 1997 ) is a Cypriot football player . He plays for Anagennisi Deryneia .
Club career
He made his Cypriot First Division debut for APOEL on 19 December 2015 in a game against Pafos .
On 25 July 2019 , Christodoulou returned to Anagennisi Deryneia .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus youth international footballers
Cyprus under-21 international footballers
APOEL FC players
Anagennisi Deryneia FC players
Pafos FC players
Ermis Aradippou FC players
Cypriot First Division players
Association football midfielders
Christian mysticism in ancient Africa took form in the desert , as part of a long-reaching Judeo-Christian mystical tradition . In the Judeo-Christian mystical tradition , the desert is known to induce religious experiences and altered states of consciousness .
The first signs of Christian mysticism in Africa followed the teachings of Montanus in the late 2nd century . Followers of Montanus , called Montanists , induced ecstatic experiences out of which they would prophesy . Usually the prophecies were spoken in an unknown language .
In the mid- to late 3rd century , the deserts of northern Africa became home to a deeply devout group known as the Desert Fathers or Desert People . These individuals were highly influenced by the intellectual components of Coptic Christianity . They led quiet lives and communicated the Gospel with those whom they traded with . Their movement became the template of Western eremitism and monasticism . The architect of the template was Saint Anthony , the foundational Desert Father .
Montanists
The Montanists , whose presence dates back to 179 , headed a social , mystical , and prophetic movement that highly influenced Christian mysticism . Beginning in Asia Minor , Montanus ' teachings spread through much of Europe and Africa . Foundational to Montanus ' teachings was the concept that a human being could be no more than a lyre which the Divine strummed . When in a state of ecstasy , humans were believed to be able to channel messages from God . Montanism was firmest in North Africa and Asia Minor , though it was considered heretical by the majority of Christians . Presently , many Montanistic elements are foundational for many self-identified Christian denominations , but are generally considered heterodox at best or heretical by more orthodox groups .
Desert Fathers
The monasticism of the Desert Fathers of northern Africa stressed shaking off the priorities society offered , in pursuit instead of experiential knowledge of God . They lived very practically , emphasizing work and self-sufficiency , selling their weaved mats and baskets and their time as harvesters . They preferred to avoid depending on charity . It is said that with their earnings , they fed not only the local poor , but sent shiploads of grain to the prisons and poor of Alexandria , Egypt . Most came from a low-income background . Many of these monastics were considered ascetics and were popularly admired . Concurrently , they were condemned by some who considered them overly enthusiastic heretics .
The Desert Fathers ' mystical experiences are said to be the result of three major components : 1. the reading , hearing , speaking and singing of the Scriptures ; 2. their devotion to the sacraments , especially the Eucharist ; and , 3. fellowship within the spiritual community of the Church . Another major component may be their desire to encounter and confront Satan . The Desert People believed it was safer to know Satan and his workings than to allow Satan to do his work in hiding . They are reported to have had a saying that went : `` No temptation ; no salvation '' .
Total isolation , among the Desert Fathers , was an option each monk had open for her or himself . They often lived in small monastic villages , but built them far away from other settlements so that complete privacy could be ensured . There were also monasteries , built as permanent housing for the monks of a given area . Villages and monasteries served to connect the monastics to formalized church bodies . The monasteries , in particular , were made to be visitor-friendly and welcomed outsiders to visit . Many outsiders were reported to have been unable or hardly able to endure the strict sleep and dietary regiments the monks were habituated to .
References
Christian mysticism
History of Christianity in North Africa
Ramón Ortiz y Miera ( commonly Padre Ramón Ortiz ) ( 28 January 1814 – 11 March 1896 ) was a Mexican priest who helped organize armed resistance during the Mexican–American War of 1846 to 1848 , and who was frustrated by the U.S. authorities in his efforts to repatriate Hispanic residents from New Mexico to the republic of Mexico after the war .
Early career
Ramón Ortiz y Miera was born in Santa Fé , Nuevo México ( now New Mexico ) , on 28 January 1814 , the youngest of eleven children of don Antonio Ortiz and doña Teresa Miera .
The Ortiz family of Santa Fé was well-connected , descended from early Spanish settlers in Mexico .
His father was one of the three leading candidates to be the first ( and , as it turned out , the last ) representative for New Mexico in the Cortes Generales of Spain .
When Ramón Ortiz was baptized his godparents were the governor of New Mexico at the time , Lieutenant Colonel don José Manrique , and the governor 's wife , doña Inez Tellez .
Ortiz 's sister , Ana María , married Lieutenant Colonel José Antonio Vizcarra , who was governor of New Mexico from 1822–1823 .
At the age of 18 Ramón Ortiz moved to Durango to study theology under Bishop José Antonio Laureano de Zubiría .
He was appointed parish priest of Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe in El Paso del Norte ( now Ciudad Juárez ) in 1836 , where he had a spacious house surrounded by orchards and vineyards .
He was known for his hospitality to visitors .
These included Northerners , as recorded by Susan Shelby Magoffin .
Conflict with the United States
In 1841 the Texan Santa Fe Expedition was launched by a group of soldiers and traders from the Republic of Texas , pushing through New Mexico towards Santa Fe .
Before reaching Santa Fe the expedition was defeated by Mexican troops , and the survivors were captured and marched to Mexico City . When the Texan prisoners passed through El Paso , maltreated by their captors and exhausted by the rigors of the desert crossing ,
Padre Ortiz gave them food and drink and helped them recover .
However , he was a fierce nationalist and took advantage of the pulpit to communicate his hostility to United States expansionism .
When the Mexican–American War broke out in the spring of 1846 , Ortiz helped to organize armed resistance .
He was captured at the Battle of El Brazito on 25 December 1846 . Colonel Alexander William Doniphan took him along as a hostage on his advance to the city of Chihuahua , while allowing him to perform his priestly duties to the Catholics among the U.S. troops .
Ortiz was a witness to the Battle of the Sacramento River and to the defeat of Chihuahua . After administering to the casualties , he was given his freedom .
Ortiz had powerful friends , and after the war he temporarily left the church to run for congress , winning a seat in Mexico City .
On 13 May 1848 he voted against ratifying the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , which had been concluded on 2 February 1848 between Mexico and the United States . He was in the minority , and the motion to ratify the treaty was passed .
Repatriation commission
Father Ortiz was made commissioner for repatriating Mexican families from New Mexico after the war ,
leaving for the north in September 1848 . He was held up in El Paso del Norte by poor weather ,
and began to actively recruit migrants while there , finding many people in the border region keen
to be helped to move to Chihuahua State .
The majority of the people seeking repatriation were from the poorest classes .
They either had no land or expected that what they had would be taken from them .
They were afraid that the U.S. would treat them as slaves .
More immediately , the combination of war and bad weather had left them in a desperate economic condition .
In April 1849 Father Ortiz arrived in Santa Fe , where he was welcomed by Governor John M. Washington and Territorial Secretary Donaciano Vigil , who both thought he was unlikely to succeed and even offered to supply transport to Mexicans seeking repatriation .
Their mood changed quickly when the people of San Miguel del Vado alone submitted 900 requests for repatriation assistance .
Vigil , backed up by the U.S. military , said that Ortiz could not conduct recruitment in person since his presence would disturb the peace .
Ortiz then appointed agents to recruit New Mexico families , and they met with considerable success .
In response Vigil cracked down further on recruitment .
The United States position was that the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo had not covered repatriation , and Ortiz 's activity was therefore illegal .
Later career
In mid-1849 Ortiz was forced to return from the United States to Chihuahua , where the Governor , General Ángel Trías , granted him powers to `` announce and give possession of the land needed to form new towns . ''
The Mexican government made an official protest to the United States over the way in which Father Ortiz had been harassed .
Almost 4,000 people from New Mexico eventually decided to make the move south .
The main towns in Chihuahua built by repatriates from New Mexico were Guadelupe ( 1849 ) , La Mesilla ( 1850 ) , Refugio de los Amoles ( 1852 ) and San Tómas de Iturbide ( 1853 ) .
However , the Mexican government 's promises of assistance to the repatriates with supplies of seed , were not fulfilled .
Some of the colonists moved again , often to the United States . The repatriate settlers in the Mesilla valley including La Mesilla , Refugio de los Amoles ( now Vado ) and San Tómas de Iturbide ( now Berino ) found themselves transferred back to the United States involuntarily in 1854 as a result of the Gadsden Purchase .
In Texas and California , many Mexican families had been attacked and expelled from the United States .
By contrast , the New Mexican military government did not want to see the state depopulated .
Since the Mexican government did not provide the promised incentives to repatriates , as Father Ortiz had urged ,
most residents of New Mexico chose to remain in the United States .
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo gave guarantees that they could retain their property if they chose to remain .
They could formally elect Mexican citizenship or , by default , would become U.S. citizens after one year .
Some , such as Miguel Antonio Otero and Donaciano Vigil , became wealthy and prominent in politics in the United States .
In 1853 Ortiz was subject to an investigation by the Foreign Ministry into his activities as repatriation commissioner in which he was accused of mishandling funds allocated to the new colonies . The main complainant was the last ( acting ) Governor of New Mexico , Juan Bautista Vigil y Alarid .
Ortiz was replaced by the prominent local politician Guadalupe Miranda .
Becoming disillusioned with politics , Ortiz returned to parochial duties in El Paso del Norte .
He died there of cancer on 11 March 1896 , and was buried after a funeral that was attended by thousands of people .
See also
References
Sources
Further reading
1814 births
1896 deaths
People from Santa Fe , New Mexico
19th-century Mexican Roman Catholic priests
Degarra is a locality in the Shire of Douglas , Queensland , Australia . In the , Degarra had a population of 110 people .
Geography
The locality is bounded to the north by the Bloomfield River .
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
The Samson Remote Controlled Weapon Station ( RCWS ) , also known as Katlanit ( קטלנית in Hebrew : `` lethal '' , female inflection ) is a Remote Weapon System that enables a variety of devices to be operated automatically or by remote control , including 5.56 mm , 7.62 mm , and 12.7 mm .50 BMG machine guns , 40 mm automatic grenade launchers , anti-tank missiles and observation pods . There are a total of three variants of the Samson family :
Samson Jr . ROWS - for 5.56 mm and 7.62 mm machine guns , weighing .
Mini Samson ROWS - for 12.7 mm and 14.5 mm machine guns , as well as 40 mm grenade launcher , weighing , similar to that of Mini Typhoon naval ROWS and OWS .
Standard Samson - for guns with calibre ranging from , weighing , similar to that of standard Typhoon naval ROWS and OWS .
For example , the Samson Remote Controlled Weapon System for 30 mm autocannon is designed to be mounted on lightly-armoured , high-mobility military vehicles and operated by a gunner or vehicle commander operating under-the-deck . It offers optional SPIKE guided missile , smoke grenade launcher , and embedded trainer . The RCWS 30 is a product of Rafael Advanced Defense Systems .
Israel has also installed a variant of the Samson RCWS in pillboxes along the Israeli Gaza Strip barrier intended to prevent Hamas terrorists from entering its territory .
The Sentry Tech system , dubbed Roeh-Yoreh ( Sees-Fires ) in IDF service deployed on the Gaza fence , enables camera operators located in a rear-located intelligence base to engage border threats using the 12.7 mm heavy machine gun and the SPIKE guided missile . Dozens of alleged terrorists have been killed with the Sentry Tech system . The first reported death of an individual appears to have taken place during Operation Cast Lead in December 2008 .
Operators
Current operators
:
:
: LAV III
: 4 stations initially procured for needs of Croatian Army , installed and tested on M84D and M95 tanks , but eventually Croatian Army opted for Protector RWS , 12.7 mm and 30 mm .
: Pandur II
: IDF Namer , some IDF Achzarit , some HMMWV
: 100 units
: RG-31 Nyala
: Otokar Cobra
: Hunter AFV
: Hyundai Wia
: Alvis Stormer
: 88 German Boxer Infantry Fighting Vehicles with Rafael 's weapon stations with 30 mm cannons and “ Spike LR ” antitank missiles
References
Vehicle weapons
Rafael Advanced Defense Systems
Remote weapon stations
Department of Justice v. House Committee on the Judiciary ( 2020 ) , No . 19-1328 ( previously In re Application of the Committee on the Judiciary , No . 19-5288 ) , was a Supreme Court of the United States . The case weighs whether a committee of the House of Representatives can assert the House 's `` sole power of impeachment '' to subpoena materials gathered as part of a federal grand jury investigation which are ordinarily secret . Due to changes in the government by the time of the 2020 election , many of the aspects leading to the case has become unnecessary , and the Supreme Court ruled the case moot in orders released in July 2021 .
Background
Robert Mueller had been appointed as Special Counsel by United States Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to investigate possible Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections . The investigation ran from 2017 to 2019 . During the investigation , Mueller assembled a grand jury empowered to subpoena documents , require witnesses to testify under oath , and issue indictments for targets of criminal charges if probable cause was found . Proceedings of the grand jury were kept in confidence .
Mueller delivered his final report , Report on the Investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election , informally called the Mueller Report , to United States Attorney General William Barr on March 22 , 2019 . A heavily redacted version of the Mueller Report was released on April 18 , 2019 , which President Donald Trump stated later was due to executive privilege . The redacted report omitted much of the grand jury proceedings . While Mueller 's Report concluded there was no evidence of Russian interference , and while there was no conclusive evidence of any crime committed by Trump , it `` does not exonerate him '' .
The Mueller Report findings formed the basis for the Democratic-controlled House of Representatives to consider starting impeachment proceedings against President Trump . Mueller testified to several House committees on July 24 , 2019 , on details of the report , but still limited to what he could speak because of the President 's claim of executive privilege .
On July 26 , 2019 , the House Judiciary Committee filed an application with the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to release certain grand jury materials associated with Mulluer 's investigation . In October 2019 , based on precedent established during the impeachment of Richard Nixon , the court granted the application . However , the Department of Justice immediately sought a stay for the subpoena .
Case history
On December 13 , 2019 , the D.C . Circuit 's panel of Judith W. Rogers , Thomas B. Griffith , and Neomi Rao ordered a briefing to address whether the House Judiciary Committee has Article III standing .
On December 16 , House General Counselor Douglas Letter filed a brief outlining the importance of obtaining the grand jury materials .
On December 18 , the D.C . Circuit ordered the parties involved to file supplemental briefings by December 23 , addressing whether articles of impeachment render the case moot and whether expedited consideration is still necessary . The D.C . Circuit also suggested the House Judiciary Committee address whether it still seeks the materials from Robert Mueller 's grand jury .
On December 23 , the House Judiciary Committee and Justice Department filed supplemental briefings explaining their positions on standing and mootness .
The case was argued earlier before the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on January 3 , 2020 . The case was heard by a panel of three Circuit Judges : Judith W. Rogers , Thomas B. Griffith , and Neomi Rao .
On March 10 , 2020 , the court ruled 2–1 in favor of the Judiciary Committee , ordering the release of the grand jury materials ; Judge Rogers wrote the opinion , and was joined by Judge Griffith , with Judge Rao dissenting .
Supreme Court
Shortly before the deadline set by the Circuit Court for the production of the material , the Justice Department petitioned the Supreme Court to stay the ruling and review the case . The Supreme Court stayed the Circuit 's mandate on May 8 , 2020 , and in June , the Justice Department filed a petition for a writ of certiorari which was opposed by the House Judiciary Committee . On July 2 , 2020 , the Supreme Court granted the Justice Department request for a writ of certiorari appealing the decision of the Circuit Court , and scheduled arguments for December 2 , 2020 .
In late November 2020 , the House requested that the Supreme Court postpone oral arguments until after the 117th United States Congress convenes and Joe Biden is inaugurated as president in January 2021 , at which point the reconstituted Committee can determine if it still wishes to pursue the matter . The Supreme Court agreed to the delay , removing the oral hearings from the schedule . Subsequently , the Supreme Court deemed the case moot in orders released on July 2 , 2021 , and ordered the Circuit court to vacate its decision , as per the Munsingwear vacatur .
See also
In re Grand Jury Subpoena ( 2019 )
Trump v. Deutsche Bank AG
Trump v. Mazars USA , LLP
Trump v. Vance
Timeline of investigations into Trump and Russia ( 2019–2020 )
References
Further reading
External links
DOJ petition for a writ of certiorari , June 1 , 2020
Judiciary Committee brief in opposition , June 15 , 2020
2020 in United States case law
Donald Trump litigation
Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit cases
United States Department of Justice
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
John Johnstone Wallack ( January 1 , 1820 , New York City – September 6 , 1888 , Stamford , Connecticut ) , was an American actor-manager and son of James William Wallack and Susan Johnstone . He used the stage name John Lester until October 5 , 1858 , when he first acted under the name Lester Wallack , which he retained the rest of his career .
Biography
He was born in New York but at an early age he was taken to his parents ' home in London where he was reared and educated . His mother was also an actress Susan Johnstone and his father was James William Wallack a theatre producer . He had chosen a military career but became discouraged and went to Dublin where he went upon the stage . He remained for two seasons and then went to Edinburgh . Then in 1846 , he appeared in London at the Haymarket Theatre under Benjamin Webster 's management . There he was seen by George H. Barrett , who had come to London to engage actors for the Broadway Theatre , in New York .
He made his American debut there in 1847 , under the name of John Lester , appearing as Sir Charles Coldstream in Boucicault 's adaptation of Used Up . His father 's brother , Henry Wallack , the father of James William Wallack Jr. ( 1818–1873 ) , was also in the Broadway Theatre 's company . His second appearance was as Viscount de Ligny in Captain of the Guard by James Planché .
Subsequently , he performed at the Bowery Theatre , Burton 's Theatre , Niblo 's Garden and the first Wallack 's Theatre . His first appearance at the Bowery Theatre was in 1849 as Don Caesar de Bazan by Adolphe d'Ennery and Philippe Dumanoir .
He was manager of the second Wallack 's Theatre from 1861 ( demolished in 1901 ) , and in 1882 he opened the third at 30th Street and Broadway ( demolished in 1915 ) . Among the productions staged at the latter was Margaret Mather 's ill-fated production of Cymbeline in 1897 . Another Wallack 's Theatre , at 254 West 42nd Street in New York , was named for him in 1924 . Wallack joined The Lambs in 1875 , which frequently met at Wallack 's Theater . He served as its Shepherd ( president ) : 1878-1879 , 1880-1882 . 1884-1888 , and was one of the founders of the Actors ' Fund of America .
His greatest successes were as Charles Surface , as Benedick , and especially as Elliot Grey in his own play Rosedale , and similar light comedy and romantic parts , for which his fascinating manners and handsome person well fitted him . He married a sister ( d. 1909 ) of Sir John Millais . He wrote his own Memories of Fifty Years .
Notes
References
Attribution :
Further reading
Florence , W. J . ( 1888-10 ) . “ Lester Wallack ” . The North American Review , Vol . 147 No . 383 , pp . 453–459 . Online at JSTOR .
Moses , Montrose J . ( 1906 ) . Famous Actor-Families in America . Thomas Y. Crowell & Company , New York , pp . 195–224 . Online at Internet Archive .
Wallack , Lester and Hutton , Laurence ( 1889 ) . Memories of Fifty Years . Charles Scribner 's Sons , New York
Winter , William ( 1889 ) . Brief Chronicles , Part I . Publications of the Dunlap Society , No . 7 , New York , pp . 313–23
External links
Theater Arts Manuscripts : An Inventory of the Collection at the Harry Ransom Center
1820 births
1888 deaths
American autobiographers
Male actors from New York City
19th-century American male actors
American male stage actors
The Lambs presidents
Members of The Lambs Club
Actor-managers
Roderick Cox is a Germany-based American conductor . In 2018 he won the Sir Georg Solti Conductor award , the largest of its kind for an American conductor . He served as associate conductor of the Minnesota Orchestra , a position he was appointed to in September 2016 after serving as assistant conductor for a year .
Biography
Cox was born in Macon , Georgia . He attended the Schwob School of Music at Columbus State University , and then later attended and graduated from Northwestern University with a master 's degree in conducting in 2011 . During his time at Northwestern , he studied conducting with Russian maestro Victor Yampolsky and acclaimed conducting pedagogue Mallory Thompson . Cox then went on to further his studies with Robert Spano at the American Academy of Conducting in Aspen , Colorado in 2013 and 2014
Career
Cox conducted the Northwestern University 's various classical ensembles including the university 's symphony orchestra . Cox was an assistant conductor with the Alabama Symphony Orchestra after graduating from Northwestern University . He became the music director and principal conductor of the Alabama Symphony Youth Orchestra in 2012 . He won the Robert J. Harth Conducting Prize in 2013 . In 2015 , Cox began working as assistant conductor in the Minnesota Orchestra , followed by the position of associate conductor in 2016 . He debuted his subscription concert series in January 2017 . After leaving the Minnesota Orchestra in 2018 Cox moved to Berlin , Germany .
Cox has been described by the Santa Fe New Mexican as having a `` fluid conducting style . ''
References
External links
Roderick Cox , conducting compilation ( video )
Living people
People from Macon , Georgia
Columbus State University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Gloucestershire Way is a long-distance footpath , in the English county of Gloucestershire . It was devised by Gerry and Kate Stewart , of the Ramblers Association and Tewkesbury Walking Club . The route , which uses existing Rights of Way , goes from Tutshill , just north of Chepstow , crosses the river Severn at Gloucester , proceeding then to Tewkesbury , with a 'Worcestershire Way Link ' .
In detail the stages are :
Chepstow to Parkend –
Parkend to May Hill –
May Hill to Gloucester –
Gloucester to Crickley –
Crickley to Salperton –
Salperton to Stow-on-the-Wold –
Stow to Winchcombe –
Winchcombe to Tewkesbury –
Worcestershire Way Link –
External links
Walking Pages on the Glos Way
Countryside Matters on the Glos Way with basic map
References
Stewart , G. ( 1996 ) The Gloucestershire Way ; published by Countryside Matters
Footpaths in Gloucestershire
Long-distance footpaths in England
County-themed walking routes in the United Kingdom
Bogolyubovo ( , translated as `` God-loving '' ) is the name of several rural localities in Russia :
Bogolyubovo , Perm Krai , a village in Kochyovsky District of Perm Krai
Bogolyubovo , Smolensk Oblast , a selo in Bogdanovskoye Rural Settlement of Kholm-Zhirkovsky District in Smolensk Oblast
Bogolyubovo , Petrovsky District , Tambov Oblast , a village in Pervomaysky Selsoviet of Petrovsky District in Tambov Oblast
Bogolyubovo , Staroyuryevsky District , Tambov Oblast , a selo in Novikovsky Selsoviet of Staroyuryevsky District in Tambov Oblast
Bogolyubovo , Vladimir Oblast , a settlement in Suzdalsky District of Vladimir Oblast
There is also an Eastern Orthodox icon Theotokos of Bogolyubovo .
Probithia exclusa is a moth of the family Geometridae . It is found in the north-eastern Himalaya , Sri Lanka , the Philippines , Sulawesi and Sundaland .
Description
Its wingspan is about 40–46 mm . Both sexes colored . Forewings with a dark lunule on the costa at the postmedial series of specks.= , which is then very oblique and continued on hindwing as an antemedial line . Hindwings with the series of specks medial instead of postmedial . Outer margin of hindwings angled at vein 4 and non-crenulate . Ventral side ochreous , with the markings prominent , rufous , and with waved postmedial and submarginal bands .
Larvae have been reared on Eugenia species .
Subspecies
Probithia exclusa exclusa ( north-eastern Himalaya , Philippines , Sulawesi )
Probithia exclusa lignaria ( Sundaland )
References
External links
Digital Moths of Japan
Ennominae
Ferenc Németh ( born 4 April 1936 ) is a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion . He won an individual gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , and also won the team competition with the Hungarian team .
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Hungarian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Hungary
Modern pentathletes at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Hungary
Olympic medalists in modern pentathlon
People from Halásztelek
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Pest County
20th-century Hungarian people
21st-century Hungarian people
Eva & Adele are an artistic couple who claim to have `` landed their time machines '' in Berlin after the Wall fell in 1989 , claiming to be `` hermaphrodite twins from the future '' . Both refuse to tell their real name or age . They are famous mainly for sharing an invented gender , which is neither male nor female .
They are also known for their performance art , they have been represented by an art gallery since 1997 , as they make paintings , video art , photography and costume design . They also have their own perfume line and a watch with Swatch .
Eva & Adele are known to dress identically to each other in matching makeup , bald heads and ladylike outfits . They are known for promoting trans visibility and take selfies with many fans as part of their art project entitled `` Wherever we are is museum . ''
They have been recognized as the world 's longest running performance art duo and are often photographed as fashion icons at art events , like Art Basel Miami Beach and the Venice Biennale .
History
The duo claim that since they met they have vowed never to spend a night apart , nor receive guests in their house , without being fully madeup . They were married in 2011 , after a three year battle to get Eva 's sex listed as female on her birth certificate .
Eva ( who is taller ) argued to the court that although her body was a man , her soul was not . After reading numerous psychiatric and psychological reports , the judge agreed . Eva 's birth certificate was then reissued with her sex as female .
They are on many `` best dressed '' lists . In 2015 , they created their own watch with Swatch which was released during the Venice Biennale .
Their philosophy is called `` Futuring , '' a belief that your thoughts create the future , similari to The Secret .
Artwork
In 2018 , the duo had a 20 year retrospective featuring their Polaroid photos , paintings , drawings , art installations and costume design work at the Collectors Room , a museum in Berlin , Germany . They also had a retrospective at the Musee d'Art Moderne Paris in Paris , France in 2016 .
Their artwork has been called campy and the duo have been described as stalwarts of the Berlin art scene . They are known for looking like `` a weird couple . ''
In the Media
From 1997 to 2002 Eva & Adele made appearances in the Channel 4 show Eurotrash as 'The Eggheads . ' They have been interviewed by many YouTubers and local European TV stations . Many photos of Eva & Adele can be found on photo agency websites like Getty Images and Shutterstock .
References
External links
Eva & Adele on Artsy
Eva & Adele on Artnet
Eva & Adele official website
Eva & Adele watch with Swatch
Eva & Adele on Instagram
Eva & Adele on YouTube
Eva & Adele artworks on Nicole Gnesa Gallery
Eva & Adele books with Abe Books Publishing House
German performance artists
Art duos
Shopbop is a US online fashion apparel and accessories shop opened in 1999 . It has been a subsidiary of Amazon.com since 2006 .
History
Shopbop was founded by Bob Lamey , Martha Graettinger , and venture investor Ray Zemon in November 1999 in Madison , Wisconsin . It was originally the internet presence of brick and mortar clothing dealer Bop in downtown Madison ( the shop was closed in 2014 ) . Graettinger and Lamey chose Madison because it was a college town with strong fashion-conscious student base .
Shopbop was acquired by Amazon.com in February 2006 . At the time of the deal it was selling 103 different lines of high-end clothing . Since the acquisition Shopbop ran almost completely independently from Amazon , that also sells clothes and accessories , and even competed with it . In September 2013 Shopbop opened the East Dane contemporary menswear website .
The website went through several redesigns , particularly in 2012 and 2017 ( among the redesigns , a loyalty program was added to the website ) .
References
External links
Online clothing retailers of the United States
Companies based in Madison , Wisconsin
Amazon ( company ) acquisitions
Retail companies established in 1999
1999 establishments in Wisconsin
Internet properties established in 1999
The Health District , also known as the Civic Center , is a neighborhood in the city of Miami , Florida . The Health District is bound roughly by Northwest 20th Street and 14th Avenue to the northwest , the Dolphin Expressway and the Miami River to the south and west , and the Midtown Interchange and I-95 to the east .
The Health District has the country 's largest concentration of medical and research facilities after Houston . The neighborhood is composed primarily of hospitals , research institutes , clinics and government offices , and is the center of Miami 's growing biotechnology and medical research industry . It is the home of the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine and the University of Miami 's Life Science and Technology Park . The Health District is approximately five minutes north of downtown Miami via rapid transit on the Miami Metrorail .
History
The neighborhood has its roots as a health district with the opening of Jackson Memorial Hospital in 1915 , with some of the original buildings , such as `` The Alamo '' still standing . Today , the Alamo serves an era museum of Jackson 's history throughout the years . Jackson Memorial Hospital is the major public hospital of Miami , and Jackson 's hospital in the Health District is the health system 's primary hospital .
Hospitals and research institutes
The Health District is the center of Miami 's medical , research and biotechnology industries , and as such is home to many of the city 's largest hospital systems . The largest is the public hospital , Jackson Memorial Hospital , which also has two branch hospitals in northern and southern Miami-Dade County . Jackson has affiliations as teaching hospitals with the University of Miami 's Miller School of Medicine since 1952 and more recently with Florida International University 's Herbert Wertheim College of Medicine . Other hospitals include : Miami VA Medical Center , University of Miami Hospital ( formerly Cedars Medical Center ) , and Holtz Children 's Hospital .
Some of the research institutes in the Health District are :
Bascom Palmer Eye Institute
University of Miami Cytogenetic Lab
University of Miami 's Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine
Miami Dade College Medical Campus
Batchelor Children 's Research Institute
Braman Family Breast Cancer Institute
Center on Aging
Diabetes Research Institute
John T MacDonald Foundation Department of Human Genetics
Florida International University Wertheim College of Medicine
Gordon Center for Research in Medical Education
University of Miami Interdisciplinary Stem Cell Institute
Mailman Center for Child Development
Miami Institute for Human Genomics
Miami Project to Cure Paralysis
Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center
Vascular Biology Institute
William Lehman Injury Research Institute
Transportation
Civic Center is served by Metrobus throughout the area , and by the Miami Metrorail at :
Civic Center station ( NW 15th Street and 12th Avenue )
Santa Clara station ( NW 20th Street and 12th Avenue )
The Health District is served by Civic Center station , a station of the Metrorail rapid transit system . It connects directly to all the major hospitals and research centers , and connects the district to Downtown Miami , Dadeland , and Hialeah , as well as to Miami 's commuter rail system , Tri-Rail . In March 2012 , the new Miami Trolley system inaugurated its first route which passes through Civic Center on its way to Marlins Park .
Education
Colleges and universities
University of Miami – Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine , founded in 1952
Miami Dade College – Medical Center Campus , opened in 1977
Florida International University – Wertheim College of Medicine ( teaching hospital at Jackson ) , opened in 2006
Historic Civic Center
References
Neighborhoods in Miami
L. Herbert Jones ( May 23 , 1904 – May 28 , 1926 ) was an American racecar driver from Indianapolis .
Jones drove in the 1925 Indianapolis 500 , one of only 25 drivers in the field , but crashed on lap 69 and finished 19th .
In 1926 Jones attempted to return to the race . However , he clipped the inside wall at the northwest turn on his second qualifying lap on May 27 , flipping the car several times and fracturing his skull . He died of his injuries the following day .
Indianapolis 500 results
See also
List of fatalities at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway
References
1904 births
1926 deaths
Racing drivers from Indianapolis
Indianapolis 500 drivers
AAA Championship Car drivers
Racing drivers who died while racing
Sports deaths in Indiana
Denni Robin Avdić ( born Deni Avdić ; 5 September 1988 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Vasalunds IF .
Beginning his professional career with IF Elfsborg , he has gone on to play professionally in Germany for Werder Bremen and in the Netherlands for PEC Zwolle , AZ Alkmaar , and Heracles Almelo before returning to Sweden in 2016 . He has won one cap for the Sweden national team .
Club career
Early career
Avdić was born in Huskvarna , Sweden . He was 15 years old he was signed by Danish Superliga club Brøndby IF . He played for Brøndby 's reserve team in the Danish 2nd Division East – the third tier of Danish football – but did not play any senior games for the club . In 2006 , Avdić was released by Brøndby , as he wanted to live closer to his family in Sweden .
IF Elfsborg
He was picked up by IF Elfsborg in the Swedish Allsvenskan championship . When he was signed by Elfsborg , he was praised by Elfsborg officials as one of the greatest talents in Swedish football .
Avdić made his debut for Elfsborg in November 2006 . He played from the start in Elfsborg 's first ever Royal League match , and scored two goals in the 4–0 win over AIK . In the 2010 season of the Allsvenskan , Avdić changed position from attacking-midfielder to striker , his previous position as a youth player . He scored 19 goals , making him runner-up golden boot that season , after Alexander Gerndt who scored 20 goals . Due to this he was sold the same season for a transfer fee of £2 million to Werder Bremen .
Werder Bremen
On 3 January 2011 , Avdić became Werder Bremen 's first new signing of the winter , as confirmed by the website of the German Bundesliga club . He signed a contract until summer 2014 . He featured only on rare occasions for the team during the 2011–12 Bundesliga season . due to his repeating injuries . Before his loan to PEC Zwolle , Avdić played seven games in Bundesliga and 12 games for Werder 's second team without scoring a single goal .
Loan to PEC Zwolle
On 29 August 2012 , Avdić agreed to a loan to the Dutch football team PEC Zwolle in Eredivisie until the end of season 2013 . And he scored his first goal for the club in his fourth game as a substitute . On 17 February 2013 , in his 14th game against Feyenoord , Avdić made the match-winning 3–2 goal for Zwolle , which also meant his seventh goal at the time . This made him at the time the second best Swedish goalscorer in the 2012–13 season , only beaten by Zlatan Ibrahimović . Where experts claimed that he deserved a place in the Swedish national football team , due to Sweden 's weak availability of good strikers .
AZ Alkmaar
In summer 2013 , Avdić joined AZ Alkmaar . He made his debut on 30 October in a KNVB Cup match against Achilles '29 , scoring two goals . AZ won the match with 7–0 .
Loan to Heracles Almelo
On 15 August 2014 , as a result of having no prospect with AZ , he was sent on loan to Heracles Almelo until the end of the season .
Return to Sweden
He signed with AIK in 2016 , and was a part of the AIK team that won the 2018 Allsvenskan .
In February 2019 , joined AFC Eskilstuna , newly promoted to Allsvenskan . He left the club at the end of the year . After a long time without a club he signed for Vasalunds IF in March 2021 .
In March 2021 , Avdić joined Vasalunds IF .
International career
Avdić scored a total of 19 goals in 57 games for the Sweden U17 , U19 , and U21 teams , and was a part of the Sweden U21 squad that reached the semi-finals of the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Championship on home soil .
He made his full international debut for Sweden on 28 January 2009 in a friendly game against Mexico , coming on as a substitute for Daniel Nannskog in the 66th minute .
Career statistics
Honours
IF Elfsborg
Allsvenskan : 2006
Svenska Supercupen : 2007
AIK
Allsvenskan : 2018
Individual
Allsvenskan top scorer : runner-up 2010
References
External links
Voetbal International profile
1988 births
Living people
People from Huskvarna
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Swedish people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden international footballers
IF Elfsborg players
SV Werder Bremen players
SV Werder Bremen II players
PEC Zwolle players
AZ Alkmaar players
Heracles Almelo players
AIK Fotboll players
AFC Eskilstuna players
Vasalunds IF players
Allsvenskan players
Bundesliga players
3 . Liga players
Eredivisie players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Jönköping County
Stanislas Oliveira ( born 27 March 1988 ) is a professional footballer . Born in France , his parents are from Bragança in the North Region of Portugal .
Football career
Born in Mont-Saint-Aignan , Stanislas joined Sedan in 2005 and ascending the ranks until finally settling in with the club 's under-18 side . After performing well , he was promoted to the senior squad for the latter part of the 2007–08 Ligue 2 season and made his debut on 28 March 2008 , a day after 20th birthday , in a league match against Châteauroux starting the match and playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–1 victory . Two weeks later , he signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal . Later that same day , he started his second straight match in a 2–0 victory over Stade Brest .
For the 2008–09 season , with the club focusing more on youth , Stanislas was promoted to the senior squad permanently and giving the squad number 18 . After beginning the season in the reserves , he returned to the first team in October 2008 starting in a 1–0 victory over Boulogne . Over the course of the season , he has made 23 league appearances , starting the majority of them . He was particularly instrumental in helping Sedan reach the quarter-finals of the Coupe de France , where they were eliminated by the eventual champions Guingamp . Of the five matches Sedan contested , he started four of them and appeared as a substitute in one .
International career
Stanislas is eligible to represent both France and Portugal , due to being born in France and raised by parents from Portugal . In January 2009 , he was called up to the France under-21 team for supervised training at Clairefontaine . During the training , he appeared in a FIFA non-sanctioned friendly against the Paris Saint-Germain Reserves . Had the match been sanctioned , he would have been tied to France , though rules limited players to only one nationality have since subsided . Following this , he announced his desire to play for Portugal and on 21 May 2009 , he was called up to the Portugal under-21 team to play in the 2009 Toulon Tournament . He cited his father as his reason for choosing Portugal . In his only appearance in the competition , against Qatar , he scored a goal .
References
External links
LFP Profile
Living people
1988 births
People from Mont-Saint-Aignan
Association football midfielders
Portuguese footballers
French footballers
CS Sedan Ardennes players
US Boulogne players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
US Quevilly-Rouen Métropole players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in France
French people of Portuguese descent
Sportspeople from Seine-Maritime
Footballers from Normandy
Tokyo Joe is a 1978 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto and guitarist Kazumi Watanabe . It is a compilation of tracks from the albums A Thousand Knives ( 1978 ) , Kylyn ( 1979 ) , Kylyn Live ( 1979 ) and the track `` Tokyo Joe '' which appeared on a various artist anthology Tokyo-Paris-London-New York , Dancing Night .
The album was originally released in Japan in 1978 , then re-released also in the Western countries in the 1980s .
Track listing
`` Tokyo Joe '' ( Bryan Ferry )
`` The End of Asia '' ( Ryuichi Sakamoto )
`` Zai Gvang Dong Shoo Nian '' ( Akiko Yano )
`` I 'll Be There '' ( Akiko Yano , Ryuichi Sakamoto )
`` E-Day Project '' ( Ryuichi Sakamoto )
`` A Thousand Knives '' ( Ryuichi Sakamoto )
`` The River Must Flow '' ( Gino Vannelli )
`` Akasaka Moon '' ( Kazumi Watanabe )
Personnel
Ryuichi Sakamoto - keyboards , drums , marimba ,
Kazumi Watanabe - guitar , bass , vocals
Akiko Yano - keyboards , electric piano , vocals , synthesizer
Ray J. O'Hara - bass
Haruomi Hosono - cymbal
Shigeharu Mukai - trombone
Shuichi Murakami - drums
Toshiyuki Honda - saxophones
Yukihiro Takahashi - drums , vocals
Motoya Hamaguchi - drums
Shigeya Hamaguchi - percussion
Yasuaki Shimizu - tenor saxophone
Ohno Ensemble - strings
Hideki Matsutake - synthesizer
External links
1978 compilation albums
Ryuichi Sakamoto albums
The 2000 Alaska Milkmen season was the 15th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
Draft picks
Transactions
Championship
The Alaska Milkmen won the All-Filipino Cup title with a 4-1 series win over the Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs . This was the third All-Filipino crown for Alaska in the last five seasons and winning every two years , first in 1996 and then in 1998 .
Roster
Elimination round
Games won
References
Alaska Aces ( PBA ) seasons
Alaska
Etal ( ) is a small village in the far north of the county of Northumberland , England , in the civil parish of Ford . It lies on a bridging point of the River Till ten miles south west of Berwick-upon-Tweed , and includes the substantial ruins of the medieval Etal Castle , now owned by English Heritage . It has just one residential street , and has a population of less than fifty .
Buildings
The village is centred on a now ruined castle , which over the years has seen much conflict between England and Scotland .
The large majority of the buildings in the village are traditional and are owned by Ford & Etal Estates . Also there is Northumberland 's only thatched pub ( The Black Bull ) and next door is the village hall .
Hiding discreetly behind the magnificent Lavender Tearooms and a few more 'picture postcard ' houses is an expansive walled garden . Used extensively by the late Lady Joicey for the training of dressage horses , it is now used intermittently for Icelandic Horse events and features a grass oval track .
References
External links
The Ford and Etal Estate website
Northumberland Communities ( Accessed : 19 November 2008 )
Villages in Northumberland
Ford , Northumberland
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a prop .
In his home country he plays for Yamaha Júbilo whom he joined in 2013 . He was also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season .
References
1990 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Rugby union props
Shizuoka Blue Revs players
Sunwolves players
People from Shiga Prefecture
Japan international rugby union players
Kobelco Kobe Steelers players
Behran Oil Company ( , Shirkat-e Nuft-e Behran ) is an oil refining company with headquarters in Tehran . Its products are exported to more than 40 countries .
History and development
Behran Oil Company was founded in 1963 as a private joint venture with Exxon Mobil Company in Iran . The first products of the company were just packing and blending engine oils . The company became independent after the Islamic Revolution . Gradually it was expanded and now the production rate reaches 250,000 tons of base oil for each year , as well as 350,000 tons per year of finished products . In total , the capacity of the company for the production of finished products is more than 500,000 tons per year , meanwhile the quality of the products have been upgraded according to the appropriate advanced international standards and guidelines .
It has a 40-43 % share of the motor oil market and a 30 % share of the industrial lubricant market in Iran . The company also exports about $ 40 million in finished lubricants , rubber process oils and paraffin waxes to more than 30 countries .
Behran Oil Company has been progressively increased its commitment in the field of lubricant production technology through considerable investment in research and development . The development of Behran activities resulted in the establishment of a new plant for the production of special lubricants and antifreezes .
Behran Oil in numbers
Number of employees : 500
Number of employees in outsourcing facilities : 500
Annual sales : $ 500million
Production capacity of base oil ( Group I ) : 250,000 tons / year
Production capacity of finished products ( engine oils and industrial oils ) :400,000 tons / year
Market share in engine oils : 45 %
Market share in industrial oils : 30 %
Annual exports : $ 40million
Products
The main products of the company are Automotive lubricating oils , Industrial lubricants , Petroleum waxes , Antifreeze – Antiboil and Anticorrosion , Rubber process oils , Fuel additives and Greases .
Certifications
Behran Oil Company has qualified for ISO 9001 from SGS , as well as much other health , safety , and environment certificates including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 .
See also
Industry of Iran
Privatization in Iran
List of Iranian companies
National Iranian Oil Company
References
External links
Behran Trading co .
Bloomberg Businessweek
Oil and gas companies of Iran
Oil refineries in Iran
Energy companies established in 1963
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1963
Companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange
Iranian brands
Iranian companies established in 1963
Iranian entities subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
The Königsberg Stock Exchange ( ; ) is a former stock exchange in Kaliningrad , Russia . One of the few buildings from central Königsberg to survive World War II , it is now a cultural centre .
The first stock exchange in Königsberg was documented in 1619 . Four years later it was located in a new building of Kneiphof on the northern shore of the Alter Pregel ; until 1798 it was accessible from the bridge Grüne Brücke . In 1699 Altstadt built its own stock exchange along the Hundegatt branch of the Pregel River . Kneiphof 's building was rebuilt in 1798 as its second exchange , but it burned down in 1800 . Kneiphof 's third exchange was then constructed partially within the river in 1801 . It was closed in 1875 because it was too small for the growing city .
Kneiphof 's fourth and final stock exchange opened in 1875 in Vordere Vorstadt , along the southern shore of the Pregel opposite the island of Kneiphof . The two-storied building was constructed by the Bremen architect Heinrich Müller from 1870 to 1875 . Emil Hundrieser designed its decoration , which included allegorical figures of Europe , Asia , Africa , and America along the roof and two lions at its steps . Königsberg 's merchants considered the building to have been built in the Northern Italian Neo-Renaissance style . Aside from its business activities , the building also hosted concerts and political meetings . Because the Kunsthalle was used by the German Army 's postal service during World War I , exhibitions were held instead at the stock exchange .
The stock exchange was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg and became part of Soviet Kaliningrad after World War II . While most ruined buildings in the city were demolished , the Soviet authorities decided to rebuild the former stock exchange in 1967 into a marine cultural centre because they considered it to contain elements of Russian neo-classical architecture .
References
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Stock
Financial services companies established in 1875
Cultural centers
Stock
Renaissance Revival architecture in Germany
Renaissance Revival architecture in Russia
Stock exchanges in Germany
Defunct stock exchanges
German companies established in 1875
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
Carving a Life is a 2017 American romance drama film directed by Terry Ross and written by Lisa Bruhn . The film stars Tyler Bruhn and Karenssa LeGear .
Plot
Mitch ( Tyler Bruhn ) , a woodworker struggling with alcoholism after the death of his mother , begins a relationship with Lauren ( Karenssa LeGear ) , a local elementary schoolteacher . His past trauma and difficult relationship with his father strains his romantic relationship with Lauren .
Cast
Tyler Bruhn as Mitch
Karenssa LeGear as Lauren
Aaron Landon Bornstein as Stephen
Lisa Winans as Rebecca
Sandi Todorovic as Eric
Jay Jee as Dr. Johnson
Laura Bohlin as Mary
Navid Negahban as Dr. Kasem
Tiffany Espensen as Veronica
Lindsay Kaye Sainato as Lyndsey
Marla Bingham as Rehab Psychologist
Kathleen Holt as Nurse Mary
Max Baroudi as Young Mitch
Samuel James Pfoser as Young Eric
Kellen Rose as Kid at beach
Mark Benjamin as Ethan
Frank Papia as Gordon
Production
It was the debut film of director Terry Ross . Principal photography took place in North County of San Diego , Anaheim and Julian , California .
Release
The film was presented at the American Film Market . The film had a screening in San Diego , a limited theatrical release in Los Angeles and was distributed by Indie Rights .
Reception
The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics . Katie Walsh at Los Angeles Times described it as well-intentioned but amateurish , calling it `` the kind of DIY indie film that tries very , very hard but completely misses the mark . '' Adam Keller at Film Threat scored it 1 out of 5 stating it was `` stream-of-consciousness mush . '' Chris Olson at UK Film Review scored it 4 stars calling it `` genuinely moving [ ... ] tender and engaging . '' Occhi Magazine rated the film 3 stars and said it would 've been better with an `` expanded plot and more focus on the characters . ''
References
External links
2017 romance films
2017 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Films shot in San Diego
Films set in San Diego
2017 directorial debut films
Films about alcoholism
Films about grieving
Films about father–son relationships
Films directed by Terry Ross
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Films about educators
The 1966–67 season was the 11th season of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto . Juventud de Badalona won its first league title ever .
Teams and venues
League table
Relegation playoffs
| }
Stats Leaders
Points
References
ACB.com
Linguasport
Liga Española de Baloncesto ( 1957–1983 ) seasons
Pothupitiya Kankanamge Pradeepa Nirmali Hemamali Dharmadasa , ( born 26 January 1964 as ප්‍රදීපා ධර්මදාස [ Sinhala ] ) , popularly as Pradeepa Dharmadasa , is a Sri Lankan musician , playback singer and former stage drama actress in Sri Lankan theatre and television .
Personal life
She was born on 26 January 1964 in Rawatawatta , Moratuwa as the second in a family of four children . Her father Pothupitiya Kankanamge Dharmadasa worked at Agriculture and Govi Jana Seva Department . Her mother Meda Gamage Hema Dharmadasa was a housewife . She has one elder sister and two younger brothers . His closest brother died by drowning in the sea . She studied at Princess of Wales ' College , Moratuwa where she met her mentor Somalatha Subasinghe . Then she attended Sujatha Vidyalaya , Nugegoda for A/L . She studied dancing at Vajira-Chitrasena Academy , and later learned music at ` Kala Bhoomi ' , Nugegoda . After finishing A/Ls , she followed a drama course at Subasinghe 's 'Sri Lanka Youth Theatre Foundation ' .
She completed a Masters Degree in Sociology from the University of Kelaniya . She also holds an Excellence in Music Scholarship from Bhatkhande Music Institute Deemed University , India . After returning , she completed a Diploma in Writing and Mass Communication from the University of Sri Jayewardenepura as well as a Diploma in English from the Kirkwood Institute of Education , USA .
Pradeepa is married to Cabinet Minister Honorable Dullas Daham Kumara Alahapperuma who has been a parliamentarian . The couple has two sons – Mahima Induwara ( born in 1995 ) and Kaushika Nalanda ( born in 1996 ) . Mahima started education from Royal College and Kaushika from Ananda College . Later they both went to Lyceum International .
Career
In 1981 , she acted in titular role `` Sanda Kinduri '' produced by Somalatha Subasinghe . In 1983 , Subasinghe started a drama school called the Lama Ha Yowun Ranga Peetaya and she joined with it . In 1984 Subasinghe made a new production of the play Mudu Puththu where Pardeepa acted as `` Hinnihami '' in it . During this period , she acted in many stage plays such as Suba Sarangatha by Athula Peiris and Sakvithi Nikmana by Salaman Fonseka .
In the 1980s , Pradeepa started career as a professional actress with the stage play Sathyanganavi produced by Vijitha Gunaratne . In the play , she not only showcased her acting skills but also the singing skills she possessed by playing the role of `` Shonte '' in Bertolt Brecht 's The Good Woman in Setsuan . Therefore , its music director Premasiri Khemadasa invited Pradeepa to join his choir . Later , she made her first song Duwillen Seduna Liye for the television serial Weda Hamine in 1987 . In 1988 , Kapila Kumara Kalinga created the stage play Nelum Pokuna which included lots of songs . So when he is looking for an actress who can sing songs , he invites Pradeepa . She acted and sang the songs in the play . Later she sang the theme song Rathurosa Malak Pipewi along with Amarasiri Peiris for the single episode teledrama directed by Kalinga .
In the beginning of 1992 , she was invited by cassette producer Ranjith Liyanage to make a cassette . She made the cassette `` Duwillen Seduna Liye '' with 12 songs , where six of them composed by Khemadasa and the other six by Rohana Weerasinghe . In the midst of state media censorship , Pradeepa was able to successfully present the cassette with the support of the `` Alternative Media Circle '' . However , six of those songs of the cassette was banned by Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation due to contemporary social issues of various events that were talked about in the country at that time were sung . The song Kolomthotin Naw Nagga spoke about the child trafficking that was prevalent in Sri Lanka at that time . Then the song Balana Avaraga Pipunu Iramala written against the American voice for Iranavila village . The song Madura Oya Pamula speaks about the incidents where farmers drank poison and could not pay their debts . The song Sebe Ugaththu was written about the loss of jobs for university students . But with that ban , the cassette sold well .
However , she continued to act in the stage plays such as lead role in Naga Gurula produced by K. B. Herath . In 1993 , she won the award for the Best Actress of the Year for her performance in the play Ukdandu Ginna produced by Nimal Ekanayake at the State Drama Festival . She also played in the plays Muhunu Dekak , Sakvithi Nikmana and as `` Sinha Seevali '' in critically acclaimed Ediriweera Sarachchandra 's Sinhabahu and as `` Chamari '' in R. R. Samarakoon 's Duwili .
However , Pradeepa selected her pathway from singing where she sang several popular songs including ; Kolom Thotin Naw Nagga , Supem Hangum , Sandagiri Pawwa , Vine Katina Un , Hansa Geethaya , Nadan Punchi Hiramane , Neka Uyan Wathu and Ha Ha Balagenai . Many of the songs sung by Prapeeda express the knowledge of life and social consciousness , as well as the concepts of love , romance , elegance as well as elegance and wonderfully expressed house concepts .
Her maiden television acting came through Samugenime Nawathena with the role `` Veena '' . She has also sung the theme song of the serial with Amarasiri Peiris . Then she played the role of a dumb girl `` Kisa '' in the teledrama Dhawala Rathriya directed by Suda Mahadivulwewa .
But she sang its background songs . Later she acted in Somaratne Dissanayake 's serial Avasanda as `` Soma '' and titular role `` Yashodara '' in Thistha Jayawardena 's serial Yashodara . She last starred in the teledrama Pinmada Puthuni directed by Malini Fonseka . Meanwhile , in 1997 , he released a new collection of songs called 'Kandulu Thotupola ' . Her third CD 'Sathyangana ' was released in 2004 at the John de Silva Memorial Theater , Colombo . She selected to sing the songs of a new lyricist for her new CD 'Hendewata Kalin Enna ' in 2012 where it was the first time that a new lyricist has put together as many as six songs at a time .
Pradeepa started playback singing for films with Christy Shelton 's 1994 film Aragalaya . Since then , she rendered her voice for many films including Mario Jayatunga 's Nidi Yahana Kalabei , Handana Kinkini , Miriwadi Sagalak , Saman Neelawathura 's Savithrige Rathriya , Christy Shelton 's Thahanam Gaha and Bennett Rathnayake 's Ira Handa Yata . In 1997 , she won both the Sarasaviya and Presidential Awards for Best Film Backing Singer for the serial Savithriyage Rathriya .
Then , Pradeepa was honored by the Colombo Tamil Association for her creative contribution to social harmony by singing the song Yal Devi at an awards ceremony organized to recognize great women on World Women 's Day 2012 . On 22 November 2017 her devoted fan Kasuni Nadeeka launched the book Gee Pradeepartha on Pradeepa 's singing life and critical reviews of her songs . Gee Pradipartha ( Pradeepa Dharmadasa Gee Ratnawali Rasavinisa ) Book contains commentaries on 20 meaningful songs .
In 2018 , she play back songs for the film Amawaka directed by Vijitha Gunaratne .
Albums
Labels
References
External links
ප්‍රදීපා ධර්මදාසට ගෞරව උපහාරයක්
කොරෝනා කාලේ මෙහෙමයි හිටියේ රාලේ
පොපිමල් දිනයට 27 දෙනෙකු ගැයූ ගී තුනක්
ලංකාවේ වේදිකා නාට්‍ය ක්ෂේත්‍රයේ අයිකන් 7ක්
අපි දෙන්නම , මුදල් පැත්ත ගැන පමණක් හිතපු දෙන්නෙක් නෙමෙයි
Living people
20th-century Sri Lankan women singers
Sinhalese singers
1963 births
The 17th Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit . The squadron performed water survival training in Florida from 1971 until it was inactivated in 1997 .
The first predecessor of the squadron was the 17th Bombardment Squadron , a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit that participated in the strategic bombing of Japan during World War II , earning a Distinguished Unit Citation for raids in late July and early August 1945 . The squadron was inactivated after the end of the war .
The second predecessor of the squadron was the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron , a Martin B-61 Matador squadron that stood alert with its weapons on Taiwan from 1957 until July 1958 , when it transferred its resources to another squadron . These two units were consolidated in 1985 and in 1993 , they were consolidated with the 3613th Combat Crew Training Squadron , which had been conducting water survival training at Homestead Air Force Base as the 17th Crew Training Squadron .
History
Activated 1 April 1944 at Dalhart Army Airfield , Texas . Initially equipped with B-17 Flying Fortresses for training , due to shortage of B-29 Superfortresses . Moved to Fairmont Army Airfield , Kansas , in August 1944 and equipped with B-29B limited production aircraft .
After completion of training deployed to Central Pacific Area ( CPA ) , assigned to XXI Bomber Command , Northwest Field ( Guam ) for operational missions . B-29Bs were standard production aircraft stripped of most defensive guns to increase speed and bomb load , The tail gun was aimed and fired automatically by the new AN/APG-15B radar fire control system that detected the approaching enemy plane and made all the necessary calculations .
Mission of the squadron was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands . Dntered combat on 16 June 1945 with a bombing raid against an airfield on Moen . Flew first mission against the Japanese home islands on 26 June 1945 and afterwards operated principally against the enemy 's petroleum industry . Flew primarily low-level , fast attacks at night using a mixture of high-explosive and incendary bombs to attack targets .
Flew last combat mission on 15 August 1945 , later flew in `` Show of Force '' mission on 2 September 1945 over Tokyo Bay during formal Japanese Surrender . Inactivated on Guam 15 April 1946 , personnel returned to the United States and aircraft sent to storage in Southwest United States .
Tactical missiles
During the Cold War , became a MGM-1 Matador Tactical Missile squadron . Formed at Orlando AFB , Florida , as part of Ninth Air Force , Tactical Air Command in 1955 . Trained in Florida until deployed to Pacific Air Forces Thirteenth Air Force . Lead elements of the squadron began deploying to Tainan Air Base , Taiwan , in May 1957 with conventional warheads on missiles , main squadron in November when W-5 warheads were available , and the official reassignment to PACAF on 1 February 1958 .
The 17th was inactivated and transferred its mission , personnel and equipment to the 868th Tactical Missile Squadron in July 1958 .
Water survival training
Prior to 1971 , water survival training for combat aircrews was performed by various units in different commands . In that year it was centralized under Air Training Command , which formed the 3613th Combat Crew Training Squadron using the resources of the Tactical Air Command school located at Homestead Air Force Base , Florida . The squadron was assigned to the 3636th Combat Crew Training Group , located across the country at Fairchild Air Force Base , Washington . By 1993 , the Air Force was doing away with Major Command controlled units ( sometimes referred to as `` 4-digit '' units and the squadron was combined with the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron as the 17th Crew Training Squadron .
In 1997 the Navy assumed responsibility for training aircrews of all services in advanced water survival and the squadron was inactivated .
Operations and Decorations
Combat Operations : Combat in Western Pacific , 16 Jun-14 Aug 1945
Campaigns : Air Offensive ; Japan ; Eastern Mandates ; Western Pacific .
Decorations : Distinguished Unit Citation , Japan 6-13 Jul 1945
Lineage
17th Bombardment Squadron
Constituted as the 17th Bombardment Squadron , Very Heavy on 28 March 1944
Activated on 1 April 1944
Inactivated on 15 April 1946
Consolidated on 19 September 1985 with the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron as the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron
17th Tactical Missile Squadron
Constituted as the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron on 4 May 1955
Activated on 8 September 1955
Inactivated on 8 Jul 1958
Consolidated 19 Sep 1985 with the 17th Bombardment Squadron
Consolidated 1 January 1993 with the 3613th Combat Crew Training Squadron as the 17th Crew Training Squadron
17th Training Squadron
Designated as the 3613th Combat Crew Training Squadron and organized on 27 June 1971
Consolidated with the 17th Tactical Missile Squadron as the 17th Crew Training Squadron on 1 January 1993
Redesignated 17th Training Suqadron on 1 July 1994
Inactivated on 2 January 1997
Assignments
16th Bombardment Group , 1 April 1944 – 15 April 1946
Ninth Air Force , 8 September 1955
588th Tactical Missile Group , 8 January 1957
Thirteenth Air Force , 1 February 1958–8 July 1958
3636th Combat Crew Training Group ( later 336th Crew Training Group , 336th Training Group ) , 27 June 1971 – 2 January 1997
Stations
Dalhart Army Airfield , Texas , 1 April 1944
Fairmont Army Airfield , Nebraska , 15 August 1944 – 7 March 1945
Northwest Field ( Guam ) , Marianna Islands , 14 April 1945 – 15 April 1946
Orlando Air Force Base , Florida 8 September 1955
Tainan Air Station , 2 February 1957 – 8 July 1958
Homestead Air Force Base , Florida , 27 June 1971
Naval Air Station Pensacola , 1 June 1994 – 2 January 1997
Aircraft
B-17 Flying Fortress , 1944
B-29B Superfortress , 1944–1946
Martin B-61 Matador , 1955-1958
References
Notes
Bibliography
017
1944 establishments in the United States
Survival training
Patriots Square Park was an urban park located in downtown Phoenix , Arizona . The space has been redeveloped as part of the larger CityScape office and retail project ; large portions of the park were demolished as of the spring of 2009 . Before the CityScape project broke ground in the fall of 2007 , Patriots Square Park was a 2.5 acre ( 1 hectare ) mixed-use park containing open space , an outdoor performing arts stage , and food concessions . The park also served as a decorative cover for a public parking structure located underground which still remains and is in use .
Patriots Square Park was the location of a number of community celebrations such as the Arizona Asian Festival and Cinco de Mayo celebrations . The park is also listed as one of the Phoenix Points of Pride . It was originally constructed in 1976 and named in honor of the fighters of the American Revolutionary War , and redesigned in 1988 by Alexander and Associates , including the parking structure . In the years between then and the CityScape project , the space fell into slight disrepair and was frequented by transients .
Redevelopment
Often maligned as being underused and forgotten , Patriots Square Park became a fixture in local news in 2006 when RED Development 's ambitious CityScape plan was expanded to include the park , approved by the Phoenix city council . The CityScape project is a large-scale urban redevelopment project that includes retail , hotels and high-rise construction .
Initial reports of the park being subsumed into the private project were met with sharp criticism , with angry residents raising objections over the city 's actions . In spite of official statements claiming the plan was key to revitalizing the park , residents rallied against the perceived loss of park-space , and forced RED Development and the city to redraw the plans , unveiled at a public forum . Reaction to the redesign , while viewed as a minor victory by some opponents , was still largely negative .
The park officially re-opened on November 4 , 2010 , with a free concert over two days headlined by Macy Gray and Third Eye Blind .
References
External links
Official site City of Phoenix parks page
Demolished buildings and structures in Arizona
Geography of Phoenix , Arizona
Parks in Arizona
Phoenix Points of Pride
Former buildings and structures in Phoenix , Arizona
Horse-chopping sword may refer to :
Zhanmadao , a single-bladed anti-cavalry Chinese sword
Zanbatō , an especially large , single-edged sword dating to the Heian period of historical Japan
Kunreuth is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany .
The town is the location of Schloss Kunreuth . Since the 14th century the castle has belonged to the family of the Counts and Barons von Egloffstein who have also owned Egloffstein Castle since the 12th century .
References
Forchheim ( district )
Mowlana Zayn al-Dīn Abūbakr Tāybādi ( in Persian : مولانا زین الدین ابوبکر تایبادی ) ( died 1389 ) was an Iranian mystic and Sufi . His tombstone was built on an order by Ghiyath al-Din Pir Ahmad Khvafi who was at the time Shahrukh Mirza 's vizier .
References
Iranian Sufis
14th-century Iranian people
Arthur Hubert Terry ( 17 February 1927 – 24 January 2004 ) was an English philologist , critic and translator , who was an expert in Catalan literature , and one of the best experts on Joan Maragall . He was Professor of Spanish at Queen 's University Belfast ( 1962–73 ) and Professor of Literature at the University of Essex ( 1973–93 ) .
Biography
Terry was born in York in 1927 and studied at Saint Peter 's school in the same city . In 1947 he got his philology degree at the University of Cambridge , where he was pupil of J. B.Trend . He came to Barcelona for the first time in 1949 through a grant in order to study early Catalan monasticism . From 1950 until 1972 he taught Hispanic languages and literatures at the Queen 's University Belfast , where he was professor from 1962 until 1973 ( succeeding Ignacio González-Llubera ) . Then he was appointed literature professor at the University of Essex in 1973 ; he remained in the chair until retirement in 1993 . In 1976 he published an anthology of Ausiàs March 's poems with English translations and coordinated a series of essays about Tirant lo Blanc . He was a great expert in modern Catalan poetry , and also in Spanish poetry . His study about Antonio Machado 's Campos de Castilla in 1973 must be pointed out . His translations into English from Joan Brossa and Gabriel Ferrater must also be pointed out .
Awards
He was president of the Anglo-Catalan Society from 1962 to 1965 and from the International Assotiation of Catalan Language and Literature from 1982 to 1988 . In 1982 he received the Creu de Sant Jordi Award , in 1995 he received the Ramon Llull International Prize and in 2001 the Serra d'Or Critics Prize .
Works
La poesia de Joan Maragall ( 1963 ) .
An Anthology of Spanish Poetry 1500-1700 ( 1968 ) .
Catalan Literature ( 1972 ) .
Quatre poetes catalans . Ferrater , Brossa , Gimferrer , Xirau ( 1992 ) .
Modern Catalan Poetry : A European Perspective ( 1991 ) .
Readings of J.V . Foix : An Anthology ( 1998 ) .
Three Fifteenth-century Valencian Poets ( 2000 ) .
La idea del lenguaje en la poesía española : Crespo Sánchez Robayna y Valente ( 2002 ) .
A Companion to Catalan Literature ( 2003 ) .
References
External links
Arthur Terry on the Association of Catalan Language Writers website .
Arthur Terry 's obituary in The Independent
1927 births
2004 deaths
English philologists
Linguists from the United Kingdom
English translators
British Hispanists
People educated at St Peter 's School , York
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Academics of Queen 's University Belfast
Academics of the University of Essex
English male non-fiction writers
20th-century philologists
20th-century British translators
20th-century English writers
21st-century philologists
21st-century British translators
21st-century English writers
Spanish–English translators
Catalan–English translators
20th-century English male writers
20th-century linguists
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Novikov ( ; born 14 June 1955 ) is a Russian football coach and a former Soviet and Russian player . He works at the academy of FC Dynamo Moscow .
Honours
Soviet Top League winner : 1976 ( spring ) .
Soviet Top League runner-up : 1986 .
Soviet Cup winner : 1977 , 1984 .
Russian Premier League runner-up ( as a manager ) : 1992 .
All-time most league appearances for FC Dynamo Moscow : 395 .
International career
Novikov made his debut for USSR on 20 March 1977 in a friendly against Tunisia . He played in a 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifier .
Personal life
His son Kirill Novikov played football professionally as well , and then became a coach . In 2019 , Kirill was appointed manager of FC Dynamo Moscow , with Aleksandr working as his assistant .
External links
Profile
1955 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Russian football managers
Russian footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz players
Footballers from Moscow
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz managers
FC Dynamo Moscow managers
Russian Premier League managers
Association football defenders
KSVC ( 980 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a talk format . Licensed to Richfield , Utah , United States , the station is currently owned by Douglas Barton , through licensee Sanpete County Broadcasting Company . KSVC is an affiliate of BYU sports .
References
External links
SVC
Paul Hawkins may refer to :
Paul Hawkins ( racing driver ) ( 1937–1969 ) , Australian racing car driver
Paul Hawkins ( politician ) ( 1912–2002 ) , British Conservative politician
Paul Hawkins ( musician ) , UK singer-songwriter associated with London 's antifolk scene
Paul Hawkins ( mathematician ) , UK mathematician who co-invented the Hawk-Eye system for tracking balls in cricket and tennis
Paul Hawkins ( humourist ) ( born 1987 ) , UK author of comedy books
See also
Paul Hawken , environmentalist , entrepreneur and author
Phtheochroa schreibersiana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found from Europe ( Sweden , Great Britain , the Netherlands , Belgium , France , Spain , Corsica , Sardinia , Italy , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Slovenia , Poland , Romania , Estonia , Latvia ) to the Near East , the Caucasus and southern Russia ( Sarepta ) . The habitat consists of hedgerows , marshes , river-banks and other damp areas .
The wingspan is 12–14 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing from May to June , in one generation per year .
The larvae feed on Ulmus minor , Prunus padus and Populus species . They initially feed among spun leaves of their host plant , but later feed in young shoots or leaf stalks . The species overwinters in the larval stage .
References
Moths described in 1828
Phtheochroa
Heaven 's Stairway was an Eastern Canadian cannabis seedbank , supplying around 300 different cannabis strains . Established in 1998 , the Montreal-based company imported seeds from New Zealand and the Netherlands and shipped them worldwide , especially to customers in Canada , the United States and Europe . On or around January 31 , 2006 , the company was raided and their websites were taken down . A two-year investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police 's Project Courriel seized 200,000 cannabis seeds , US $ 183,000 and three gold bricks . The company 's owner Richard Hratch Baghdadlian , 38 , aka Richard Calrisian , from Marsan Street in Montreal , and six other persons who operated the Heaven 's Stairway company have been charged with importing and trafficking in cannabis .
The cybercompany Heaven 's Stairway used the Internet sites hempqc.com , cannabisworld.com , overgrow.com , eurohemp.com , cannabisseeds.com , and cannabisbay.com . These sites were used to order cannabis seeds online and obtain information on cannabis cultivation . Topics included cannabis growing , cultivation articles , cannabis seeds , pictures and FAQs .
Overgrow.com , the largest cannabis grow site in the world at the time of its demise , was acquired by Baghdadlian in 2002 . Overgrow.com was founded in 1999 and fought for the legalization of cannabis by teaching people how to grow their own marijuana . The site was equipped with a unique feature known as the `` StrainGuide '' , which allowed users to search for their favorite type of cannabis by genetic lineage . Having been featured in Maxim and High Times magazines , their forums were popular places for members to chat and socialize , and at its peak had 6,016,336 posts from more than 133,700 registered members .
The DEA and the UN 's International Narcotics Control Board held an active interest in the prosecution of Canadian seedbanks . The INCB in its report for the year 1999 said : `` The Board notes with concern the indoor cultivation of very potent cannabis varieties is being promoted through the sale of both cannabis seeds and paraphernalia for growing cannabis over the internet through websites located primarily on servers in Canada . There is an urgent need for action required to counter the spread of such cultivation . '' ( Report of the INCB for 1999 , chapter III , paragraph 271 , Feb. 2000 )
See also
Cannabis in Canada
References
Defunct companies of Quebec
Cannabis companies of Canada
Online retailers of Canada
1998 in cannabis
Cannabis in Quebec
Cannabis seed banks
Camden County Technical Schools Pennsauken Campus , also known as Pennsauken Tech , is a four-year regional vocational-technical public high school located in Pennsauken Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States , that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from across Camden County as part of the Camden County Technical Schools . The school opened in 1928 at a ime when most county resident lived near Camden and was the district 's only campus until the Camden County Technical Schools Gloucester Township Campus opened in 1969 to serve more rural , eastern portions of the county .
As of the 2020–21 school year , the school had an enrollment of 782 students and 64.3 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 12.2:1 . There were 529 students ( 67.6 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 67 ( 8.6 % of students ) eligible for reduced-cost lunch .
Awards and recognition
Named one of the 100 Best High Schools in the United States in 2004 and 2005 by U.S. News & World Report .
Title 1 Distinguished School of Excellence by the United States Department of Education , the only high school in the state to receive the honor in 2012 .
Bronze Medal from U.S. News & World Report in 2012 and 2013 .
Named a New Jersey School of Character 2013 , one of three high schools statewide to receive this honor .
Athletics
The Pennsauken Tech Tornadoes compete in the Olympic Conference , an athletic conference consisting of public and private high schools located in Burlington County , Camden County and Gloucester County . Sister school and archrival , Camden County Tech Warriors also competes in the Olympic Conference . The Olympic Conference operates under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association ( NJSIAA ) . With 611 students in grades 10-12 , the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes , which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range . The school mascot is the Tornado .
School colors are maroon , white and gray . Interscholastic athletics include boys'/girls ' cross-country , baseball , bowling , boys'/girls ' basketball , softball and boys'/girls ' volleyball .
The boys ' baseball team won the NJVTAC state championship in back-to-back years , in 1997 and 1998 .
Career programs
Accounting & Finance
Allied Health/Medical Services
Automotive
Business Technology
Carpentry
Computer Science & Information Technology
Culinary Arts
Digital Media Communications
Environmental Studies
Graphic Arts & Design
Law & Public Safety
Legal Assistant
Pre-Engineering
Senior Option & Independent Study
Welding
Activities
21st Century After-School Program
FBLA
SkillsUSA
FFA
Health Occupations Students of America ( HOSA )
National Honor Society
Journalism Club
Yearbook Club
Student Council
Newspaper
Interact Club
National Technical Honor Society
Practical Politics
Performing Arts
SADD
Renaissance
Gay-Straight Alliance
Administration
The school 's principal is Dr. John Hourani .
References
External links
School website
Camden County Technical Schools website
Pennsauken Technical High School , National Center for Education Statistics
Pennsauken Township , New Jersey
Public high schools in Camden County , New Jersey
Vocational schools in New Jersey
Never Ever may refer to :
Music
EPs
Never Ever ( Jiyeon EP ) , 2014
Never Ever ( Weep EP ) , 2008
Songs
`` Never Ever '' ( All Saints song ) , 1997
`` Never Ever '' ( Ayumi Hamasaki song ) , 2001
`` Never Ever '' ( Ciara song ) , 2009
`` Never Ever '' ( The Rubens song ) , featuring Sarah Aarons , 2018
`` Never Ever '' , song by Caro Emerald from the 2017 EP Emerald Island
`` Never Ever '' , song by Meghan Trainor from Only 17 ( album ) , 2011
Films
Never Ever ( 1996 film ) , a 1996 film by director Charles Finch
Never Ever ( 2016 film ) , a 2016 film by Benoît Jacquot
See also
`` Neva Eva '' , 2003 song by Trillville
Never Never ( disambiguation )
Koteshwara Brahmins ( also known as Koteshwara Magane Brahmins ) are a Hindu Brahmin subcaste mainly from the Indian state of Karnataka . The community is mainly concentrated in the Koteshwara , Kundapur , and surrounding areas of Udupi district in Karnataka . The community takes its name from the village Koteshwara , which is their native place . Koteshwara Brahmins follows the Dvaita Vedanta propounded by Madhvacharya and are followers of Sodhe Vadiraja Swami Matha .
See also
Kannada Brahmins
References
Kannada Brahmins
Mangalorean society
Brahmin communities of Karnataka
Charles Booher may refer to :
Charles F. Booher ( 1848–1921 ) , U.S. Representative from Missouri
Charles T. Booher ( 1959–2005 ) , American engineer
Kri ( ) is a 2018 Nepali romance drama action film , directed and written by Surendra Poudel , and produced by Subas Giri and Bhuwan K.C . The movie stars Aditi Budhathoki , Anmol K.C. , and Anoop Bikram Shahi .
The film was released in Nepal on February 9 , 2018 ( Bikram Sambat 26 Magh 2074 ) and worldwide on February 14 , 2018 . While receiving mixed reviews from critics , the film also received praise for its cinematography , music , performance , and its original plotline . With a budget of रु 3.5 crores , it is one of the most expensive movies made in Nepal , to date .
Plot
Abhay is an army recruit who spends his holidays in Nepal . Many women wish to marry him , however , Abhay is still in love with Kesar , a childhood love interest whom he has not seen in many years .
Abhay visits Kesar 's village . While he is there , he adopts the alias 'Laure ' to test whether Kesar will still love him without knowing his true identity . He tries to make Kesar fall in love with him . One day he decides to propose to her , however , she refuses , stating she loves another man . Abhay is heartbroken upon hearing this news and returns to Kathmandu . In a sudden turn of events , Kesar realizes that Laure is her true desire , and she goes in search of him . As they are about to meet , Kesar is unfortunately kidnapped . Abhay chases after the kidnapper but ultimately ends up in a brutal accident .
Four months later , Abhay is in hospital , and he decides to search for Kesar . Eventually , he finds Kesar 's kidnaper Don and his henchmen . A fight takes place and as the villains die they tell Abhay that Kesar was raped and murdered the day she was kidnapped . Abhay kills the kidnapper . The film ends with Abhay injured , crying , and holding a piece of cloth in Kesar 's last memory . A final message appears on-screen about rape cases , acting as a didactic message for the audiences .
Cast
Aditi Budhathoki as Kesar
Anmol K.C . as Abhay ( a.k.a . Laure )
Anoop Bikram Shahi as Don
Rohan Rai as Alex
Kameshwor Chaurasiya as Inspector
Production
Budget
Kri had a budget of 3.5 crores NPR . The star of Kri , Anmol K.C . charged 20 lakhs for the film , making him one of Nepal 's highest-paid actors . As a pure vegetarian , it took Anmol one and a half years to build the muscular body to match the character .
Release
The film was released on Valentine 's Day 2018 ( 14 February 2018 ) and it was originally set to release during the Nepalese festival of Tihar . It collected around 75 lakhs on its first day of release and collected 2.1 crores on its second day , which is the highest single-day collection in Nepal . It collected around 6 Crores in its first week . The film ultimately grossed 8.5 crores .
Reception
Kri has been labeled as one of the most-awaited Nepali films of 2018 . It received mixed to positive reviews from critics and audiences . Its average rating was 6.5/10 .
Soundtrack
The album received positive reviews . The Song `` Yeti Yeti Pani '' went viral in Nepal . The song `` Ukalima '' faced a copyright strike from the original makers , consequently , they remade the next song `` Dhuk Dhuki '' and replaced it with that .
References
External links
2018 films
2018 action drama films
2018 romantic drama films
Films shot in Kathmandu
Nepalese romantic drama films
Nepalese crime films
Nepalese action films
Skalna Klet Stadium ( ) or simply Skalna Klet is a multi-purpose stadium in Celje , Slovenia . It was used for football matches and was the home ground of the Slovenian PrvaLiga team NK Celje until 2003 . Now it is used only as a training facility .
References
External links
ZPO profile
Stadioni.org profile
Football venues in Slovenia
Multi-purpose stadiums in Slovenia
Sports venues completed in 1904
Elections to the Bihar Legislative Assembly were held in February 1967 , to elect members of the 318 constituencies in Bihar , India . The Indian National Congress won the most seats as well as the popular vote , but Mahamaya Prasad Sinha of the Jana Kranti Dal was appointed as the Chief Minister of Bihar .
After the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India were taken into account , the constituencies in Bihar was set at 318 .
Result
Elected Members
See also
List of constituencies of the Bihar Legislative Assembly
1967 elections in India
References
Bihar
1967
1967
Stewart Creek Valley is a rural locality in the Shire of Douglas , Queensland , Australia . In the , Stewart Creek Valley had a population of 18 people .
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
James William Drought ( November 4 , 1931 – June 2 , 1983 ) was an American author , magazine editor , speechwriter and press officer for the Office of Public Relations .
Biography
Drought was born in Aurora , Illinois , and grew up near Chicago . From 1952 to 1954 he served in the U.S. Army in the 82nd Airborne Division as a paratrooper stationed at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . In 1960 , he moved to Norwalk , Connecticut , with his family , where he was a magazine editor in New York City , New York .
In 1969 one of his books was adapted to the movie The Gypsy Moths ( 1969 ) featuring Burt Lancaster , Deborah Kerr , and Gene Hackman in starring roles . A complete collection of his works is preserved at the Mugar Memorial Library in the Special Collections Department at Boston University .
He died on June 2 , 1983 .
Publications
Boxed in by the Rich , A Parody ( 1950 )
The Wedding , A Play for Voices ( 1953 )
The Gypsy Moths , A Fable ( 1955 )
Memories of A Humble Man , An Irony ( 1957 )
Mover , A Modern Tragedy ( 1959 )
ii A Duo , A Story By Two Men ( 1961 )
The Secret , An Oratorio of Protest ( 1962 )
The Enemy , A Personal Reminiscence ( 1964 )
Drugoth , Biography of a Private Person ( 1965 )
ALIVEMOVIEBOOK , An Adaptation ( 1967 )
The Master , A Chronicle ( 1970 )
Sonny Davis Televised , A Comedy ( 1972 )
Blessed Bob Bunyan , An Inquiry ( 1974 )
The Book of Names , A Novel-Verite ( 1976 )
Superstar for President , A Satire ( 1978 )
Writer in Exile , A Mystery ( 1980 )
So Long Chicago , A Novel of Improvisational Comedy ( 1982 )
Queen of Spades , ( unpublished ) ( 1983 )
References
External links
James Drought - American Author
An Introduction to James Drought
IMDB.com
1931 births
1983 deaths
People from Aurora , Illinois
Place of death missing
Tigerlily 's Orchids is a 2010 book by the British crime-writer Ruth Rendell . It is her 60th published novel .
Critical reception
Tigerlily 's Orchids was well received by critics . Sue Gaisford of The Independent wrote in a positive reviews : `` Ruth Rendell , grande dame of the thriller , knows how to spring surprises . Rendell inexorably accelerates the pace from tortoise to hare , and with wisdom , compassion and satisfactorily sardonic wit . '' Publishers Weekly wrote of the book : `` Rendell 's spare , sleek novel of psychological suspense gets off to a slow start , then picks up speed to become vintage Rendell , not the powerhouse of the 1990s but with enough plot petrol to blow most American authors out of the water ... as always , Rendell spices the action with just the right gothic ingredients to keep things baroque but consistently believable . '' Writing for The Guardian , Laura Wilson summarized the book as a `` thoughtful , slow-paced and immensely readable novel ... about the effect that crimes , both small and large , have on the community . '' Another positive review came from Steve Donoghue of The Washington Post , who praised the novel 's characters , writing : `` Rendel presents us with [ the characters ] in all the scrupulous , almost forensic detail for which she 's famous . We get the aggressively supercilious building superintendent , the trio of flighty young girls , the brainless middle-aged married couple , the reserved elderly gentleman — all rendered perfectly , with the throwaway ease of a practiced master . ''
Availability
Tigerlily 's Orchids is available in multiple media formats , published simultaneously , the print edition from Random House Publishers , but also e-book and audio editions .
The unabridged audiobook edition ( meaning 100 % of the text is read by an actor ) is published by Whole Story Audio Books ( www.wholestoryaudio.co.uk ) who specialise in the unabridged format and available to buy from their website as well as other retail sites . The narration is performed by actor Nickolas Grace .
An abridged audiobook is also available from Essence Abridged Audiobooks . Typically abridged audiobooks are not more than 60 % of the author 's work and as low as 30 % with characters and plotlines removed .
Adaptation
In 2015 , the movie Valentin Valentin is released and it is based on the book .
References
External links
Review of Tigerlily 's Orchids at Amazon.co.uk
2010 British novels
Novels by Ruth Rendell
Hutchinson ( publisher ) books
British novels adapted into films
The Guild of Scholars of the Episcopal Church is a society of lay Episcopal academics , teachers , artists and professional practitioners which for many years met annually at General Theological Seminary in New York in November of each year . Since 2011 , it has met in locations around the US such as Cincinnati , Albuquerque , Holy Cross Monastery in the Hudson Valley , Hope College in Holland , Michigan , and most recently at the Virginia Theological Seminary .
The guild was founded in 1945 and has included notable members such as Cleanth Brooks , Brooks Otis , Henry Babcock Veatch , Frederick Pottle , Stringfellow Barr , George Parshall , Marshall Fishwick , Margaret Morgan Lawrence , Ursula Niebuhr , W. H. Auden , Dell Hymes , Hyatt Waggoner , Howard Roelofs , Hoxie Fairchild , Walter Lowrie ( author ) , Charles Forker , and Richard W. Bailey . Norman Pittenger was a past chaplain . Current members include the literary academics John V. Fleming , Debora Shuger , Marsha Dutton , Jameela Lares , and Nicholas Birns , the musician Royce Boyer , the religious historians David L. Holmes , Philip Jenkins , and Robert Bruce Mullin , and the classicist Warren Smith . The chaplain of the guild was the late Rev . Canon J. Robert Wright . David Hurd offered a regular organ recital for many years when the Guild wasmeeting in New York .
External links
Guild of Scholars of the Episcopal Church website
Anglicanism
Nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis is a bacterium from the genus of Nocardiopsis which has been isolated from soil from the Ganjiahu Natural Reserve from the Xinjiang Province in China .
References
External links
Type strain of Nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Actinomycetales
Bacteria described in 2008
The 1967 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1967 NCAA University Division football season . In its tenth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy , the team compiled a 6–3 record and outscored opponents by a total of 206 to 150 . The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Terry Padgett with 436 passing yards , Rick Thurow with 394 rushing yards , Richard Coady with 260 receiving yards , and Nick Pappas and Russell Denof with 24 points scored each .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
eSobi is an integrated desktop-based information management tool and a standalone news aggregator delivered with worldwide Acer computers . eSobi is a shareware application and the full version of eSobi consists of four functions : ( 1 ) an RSS reader , ( 2 ) a podcast receiver , ( 3 ) a meta-search engine , and ( 4 ) a data library .
eSobi supports both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows 7 and Windows Vista , as well as Windows XP .
History
eSobi was first developed by esobi Inc. of Taipei , Taiwan in 2006 for Windows computers . It started out as the very first in the market to combine an RSS reader , a meta-search engine , and a scrapbook all in one application , aiming to ease information overload of the Web . Recent updates ( September 2009 ) added a podcast receiver and features a new UI design .
Since 2008 , Acer has bundled the simpler version of eSobi on its computers , including the popular netbook Acer Aspire One . This version of eSobi includes only the RSS reader and data library ; both are free with the purchase of Acer computers . eSobi is also the software partner of Transcend Information , Inc. and the 90-day trial version is delivered with selected Transcend 's JetFlash USB flash drives .
eSobi for Windows Mobile and Android platforms are also available .
Reviews
eSobi received a CNET Download.com 5-star editor 's review and a Softpedia 4-star “ Very Good ” editor 's review in 2009 .
Features of eSobi for Windows PC
An RSS reader that handles feed subscriptions
News Watch for monitoring news of targeted topics set by keywords
Full-page , summary , and text-only reading modes
Offline readability
A podcast receiver with a download manager
A built-in Windows Media Player for quick play of audio and video files
A meta-search tool for retrieving results from multiple search engines simultaneously
A quick search tool for finding information by category ( RSS feeds , blogs , travel , shopping , answers , etc . )
Automatic RSS feeds detection during browsing
Search History for storing entire search results including keywords and tabs
A data library where users can store , categorize , organize , edit and view web pages offline
See also
List of feed aggregators
References
External links
eSobi official site
eSobi on Twitter
Atom ( Web standard )
Windows Internet software
News aggregators
Rachel Elizabeth Wilkes ( born 14 February 1976 ) is a former Australian diver . She competed in the women 's 3 metre springboard event at the 1992 Summer Olympics . Additionally , Wilkes took part in two events at the 1994 Commonwealth Games .
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Australian female divers
Divers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Australia
Divers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Anglesey is a civil parish in the district of East Staffordshire , Staffordshire , England . The parish contains two listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Both the listed buildings are designated at Grade II , the lowest of the three grades , which is applied to `` buildings of national importance and special interest '' . The parish is in the southern part of the town of Burton upon Trent , and both listed buildings are former breweries .
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Staffordshire
Savo Dobranić ( ; born 1964 ) is a politician in Serbia . He served in the Assembly of Vojvodina from 2004 to 2012 and was the mayor of Kikinda from 2012 to 2013 , as a member of the Democratic Party ( Demokratska stranka , DS ) .
Early life and career
Dobranić was born in the village of Rusko Selo in the Kikinda municipality , Autonomous Province of Vojvodina , in what was then the Socialist Republic of Serbia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . He graduated from the University of Novi Sad Faculty of Law . Dobranić was the director of the Centre for Social Work in Kikinda from 1997 to 2001 , the head of Kikinda 's secretariat for general administration and budget from 2001 to 2004 , and the director of the holding company Dnevnik from 2006 to 2010 .
Politician
Dobranić was first elected to the Assembly of Vojvodina in the 2004 provincial election , winning Kikinda 's second constituency seat in the second round of voting . The Democratic Party formed a coalition government in the province after the election , and he served as part of its parliamentary majority . He also led the DS electoral list for Kikinda in the concurrent 2004 Serbian local elections and was elected when the list won six mandates . The Serbian Radical Party ( Srpska radikalna stranka , SRS ) won the election at the local level , and the DS served in opposition .
He was re-elected to the Vojvodina assembly in the 2008 provincial election , in which the DS and its allies won an outright majority , and he again served as a supporter of the administration for the next four years . In 2009 , he led a successful campaign to remove fellow DS member Jagoda Tolicki from office as mayor of Kikinda .
Dobranić was somewhat unexpectedly defeated in the first round of voting in the 2012 provincial election , losing much of his support on the centre-left to the eventual winner , Miloš Šibul of the League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina ( Liga socijaldemokrata Vojvodine , LSV ) . Despite losing his provincial seat , he again led the DS 's local list for Kikinda in the concurrent 2012 Serbian local elections and was elected when the list won eleven mandates . The elections did not produce a clear winner , but the DS was able to form a coalition government with the Socialist Party of Serbia ( Socijalistička partija Srbije , SPS ) , and Dobranić was chosen as the municipality 's mayor . In February 2013 , he signed an agreement for the construction of a water treatment plant in the municipality .
His term in office was ultimately brief . There was a shift in the municipality 's political forces in September 2013 , during which time the SPS withdrew its support from the DS administration . Dobranić was succeeded in office by Pavle Markov of the Serbian Progressive Party ( Srpska napredna stranka , SNS ) .
Dobranić later appeared in the 102nd position on the Democratic Party 's list in the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election . The list won only nineteen mandates , and he was not returned .
Electoral record
Provincial ( Vojvodina )
References
1964 births
Living people
People from Kikinda
Members of the Assembly of Vojvodina
Mayors of places in Serbia
Democratic Party ( Serbia ) politicians
This list of Percy Jackson and the Olympians cast members is a list of actors who portray characters appearing in the Percy Jackson and the Olympians film series based on the book series by Rick Riordan .
Cast
Key
A indicates the actor portrayed the role of a younger version of the character .
A dark gray cell indicates the character was not in the film . { | class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ''
! rowspan= '' 2 '' width= '' 16 % '' | Character
! colspan= '' 2 '' align= '' center '' | Film
|-
! align= '' center '' width= '' 12 % '' | The Lightning Thief ( 2010 )
! align= '' center '' width= '' 12 % '' | Sea of Monsters ( 2013 )
|- -
! colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' background-color : # ddf ; '' |
Main characters
|-
! Percy Jackson
| colspan= '' 2 '' |Logan Lerman
|-
! Annabeth Chase
| Alexandra Daddario
| Alexandra DaddarioAlisha Newton
|-
! Grover Underwood
| Brandon T. Jackson
| Brandon T. JacksonBjorn Yearwood
|-
! Luke Castellan
| Jake Abel
| Jake AbelSamuel Braun
|-
! Mr. Brunner / Chiron
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Pierce Brosnan
| colspan= '' 1 '' | Anthony Head
|-
! Tyson
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|colspan= '' 1 '' | Douglas Smith
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' background-color : # ddf ; '' |
Gods and Titans
|-
! Zeus
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Sean Bean
| colspan= '' 1 '' | Sean Bean ( Deleted scene )
|-
! Poseidon
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Kevin McKidd
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
|-
! Hades
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Steve Coogan
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
|-
! Hera
| Erica Cerra
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Athena
| Melina Kanakaredes
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
|-
! Hermes
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Dylan Neal
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Nathan Fillion
|-
! Demeter
| Stefanie von Pfetten
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Apollo
| Dimitri Lekkos
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Artemis
| Ona Grauer
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Mr. D / Dionysus
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Luke Camilleri
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Stanley Tucci
|-
! Ares
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Ray Winstone
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
|-
! Aphrodite
| Serinda Swan
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
|-
! Hephaestus
| Conrad Coates
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Persephone
| Rosario Dawson
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
|-
! Kronos
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' | ( Mentioned only )
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Robert Knepper
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' background-color : # ddf ; '' |
Camp Half-Blood demigods
|-
! Clarisse La Rue
|colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Leven Rambin
|-
! Chris Rodriguez
| colspan= '' 1 '' style= '' background-color : lightgrey ; '' |
| colspan= '' 1 '' |Grey Damon
|-
| }
References
Percy Jackson & the Olympians
Lists of actors by film series
< /noinclude >
An arylene or arenediyl is a substituent of an organic compound that is derived from an aromatic hydrocarbon ( arene ) and is bivalent , such as phenylene .
See also
Aromatic hydrocarbon
Aromaticity
References
Aromatic hydrocarbons
Liane Marie Cartman is a fictional character in the adult animated television series South Park . She is the single mother of main character Eric , who raises him in the fictional town of South Park , Colorado . Liane is considered the most prominent parent of out all the South Park parents , as she makes many appearances throughout the series .
Liane first appeared in the series ' first episode `` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' , which premiered on Comedy Central on August 13 , 1997 . Though the first episode , as well as the `` Spirit of Christmas '' shorts made by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone , were animated with construction paper through stop motion , after the series second episode , `` Weight Gain 4000 '' , she is animated with a computer and rendered to mimic that style . Liane is named after co-creator Parker 's ex-fiancé Liane Adamo , who broke up after he discovered she had an affair . She was originally voiced by Mary Kay Bergman , and later Eliza Schneider , and currently April Stewart .
As she appears frequently appears in the series , Liane has also appeared in many South Park-related media , such as appearing in the 1999 film South Park : Bigger , Longer , & Uncut , as well video games like South Park : The Stick of Truth and South Park : Phone Destroyer .
Character
She is named after Liane Adamo , the ex-fiancé of series co-creator Trey Parker , who broke up after Adamo committed infidelities against Parker . Like many of the other characters in the series , Liane consists of simple geometric shapes . She has long brown hair , usually tied in a bun , and wears a turquoise sweater and brick-red trousers ; her outfit is quite similar to her son 's , with her sweater having the color as his knit cap , and her trousers having the same color as his coat . Liane also has the average height of an adult female character in the series .
In the earlier seasons , Liane was frequently shown giving people of the town of South Park her baking , mostly cookies . Coincidentally , there is a picture with her and her son at Mount Rushmore where Liane is holding a plate of cookies . One notable example of her generosity has to be in `` Cartman 's Mom is a Dirty Slut '' , where she gives a plate of cookies to Officer Barbrady at the Drunken Barn Dance .
Yet , like Eric , she has numerous implications that , like her son , is racist and anti-Semitic ; usually in the earlier seasons , Cartman quotes his mother for use of politically correct or offensive statements . For example , in Good Times With Weapons Eric claimed that he and Liane went to see the movie The Passion for an argument proving that Jews are sneaky liars .
Earlier in the series , Liane used to be sexually active and frequently pursues it . She occasionally worked as a crack whore , and appeared in `` Crack Whore Magazine '' in Pinkeye , for which she was then young and needed money . Liane also acted in German scheisse movies . Then , she had no problems with sexual relations with anybody in the town , whereas invites any stranger to her home . But it was hinted that in `` Cartman 's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut '' that she had intercourse with a few citizens of South Park . In recent seasons she changed her character and seems to be more responsible with Eric .
Hermaphrodite and Parentage
In `` Cartman 's Mom is a Dirty Slut '' , it was stated that Liane was a hermaphrodite , meaning she had both male and female sexual organs , which revealed that Liane is not Cartman 's mother but rather his father . It was also stated that in the events of the episode , years ago at the Drunken Barn Dance , Liane proceeded to have sex with numerous men and women . But in 200 , Mr. Garrison and Mr. Hat revealed to Cartman that the paternity test results have tampered with a fabrication . In `` 201 '' , it turns out that Liane is n't a hermaphrodite , as it was a lie told by the citizens of South Park in order to protect the Denver Broncos .
Cartman 's father was n't told until `` 201 '' when Scott Tenorman captures him and reveals that the former 's real father was Scott 's father Jack Tenorman , who Cartman had arranged to be killed , eventually made into chili , and fed to Scott , whereas played for the Broncos .
Family
''
Liane is the single mother of 10-year-old Eric . She has a kind and soft voice and shows great deference towards him . Like his son , she denies Eric 's obesity , and also says he 's big-boned ; Liane likes to give him food smothered between normal and junk food , notably in `` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' , she gave him a `` chocolate chicken pot pie with icing on top '' . Though Eric and Liane share a great bond with each other , in later seasons , she feels stern about his poor actions , which resolves further in later episodes . Notably , in `` PC Principal Final Justice '' , Cartman and Liane argue , until the former pulls out a gun , in which the latter also responds in the same way , and gets Cartman to listen to her . Liane has also felt tired of her son misbehaving in recent episodes , from being embarrassed at Eric for not getting his shot to her losing her job and moving from their original home to Coney Island Hotdog .
Liane and Eric have an extended family , who was first shown in `` Merry Christmas , Charlie Manson ! '' . The two , along with her son 's other friends , who are Stan , Kyle , and Kenny , are in Nebraska to visit Liane 's relatives - most of which are similar to Cartman , with the same speech impediments , as well as catchphrases such as `` Respect Mah Authoritah ! '' or `` Kickass ! '' . Liane 's relatives are parents Harold and Mabel ( who died prior to Cartmanland ) , brothers Howard and Stinky , and grandmother Florence . She also has a sister-in-law named Lisa , two nephews named Elvin and Fred , and a niece named Alexandra . Her family , as well as other members of the Cartman family ( who 've also appeared in the episode ) makes an appearance in the beginning of Cartmanland at Mabel 's funeral .
References
Fictional characters from Colorado
Television characters introduced in 1997
Fictional androgynes
Fictional pornographic film actors
Fictional prostitutes
LGBT characters in animation
South Park characters
Animated characters introduced in 1997
Chandler & Co is a British television detective drama series , created and written by Paula Milne , that first broadcast on BBC1 on 12 July 1994 , and ran for two series . The series starred Catherine Russell as Elly Chandler , a private detective who runs her own agency . In the first series , she works alongside her sister-in-law Dee Tate ( Barbara Flynn ) . In the second series , Tate is replaced by Kate Phillips ( Susan Fleetwood ) , a former client turned employee . Peter Capaldi , Struan Rodger and Ann Gosling all co-starred in the first series .
Aside from Russell , the second series was made up of an entirely different cast , with Graham McGarth , Eloise Brown and Adrian Lukis among the new cast members . Both series were produced by Ann Skinner . Independent reviews of the series were mixed , however The Consulting Detective said of the series ; `` Chandler & Co is a wonderfully dry , witty and yet truthful series about two women finding their place in the world . It is a joy to watch and can hold its chin up high in the cavalcade of detective dramas that have gone before and since '' . After years of remaining unavailable on any commercial format , both series were released in a four-disc DVD box set on 5 October 2015 , via Simply Media .
Cast
Catherine Russell as Elly Chandler
Barbara Flynn as Dee Tate
Peter Capaldi as Larry Blakeson
Struan Rodger as David Tate
Ann Gosling as Joanna Tate
Edward Holmes as Sam Tate
Indra Ové as Misty
Susan Fleetwood as Kate Phillips
Eloise Brown as Hannah Tompkins
Graham McGarth as Benjamin Phillips
Tobias Saunders as Danny Hogarth
Adrian Lukis as Mark Judd
Bill Britten as Simon Wood
Episodes
Series 1 ( 1994 )
Series 2 ( 1995 )
References
External links
Entry at ThrillingDetective.com
1994 British television series debuts
1995 British television series endings
1990s British drama television series
English-language television shows
British crime drama television series
Detective television series
BBC television dramas
Television series produced at Pinewood Studios
Television shows set in the United Kingdom
Starship Group is a British digital media , entertainment and technology company based in Liverpool , UK . The development studio , based in the city 's Baltic Triangle area , specialises in creating next-generation original content across the games , entertainment , lifestyle , virtual reality and e-health sectors . The studio is an umbrella company housing several smaller studios each currently developing original content .
Founded by Evolution Studios and Digital Image Design founder Martin Kenwright , the studio was established in 2013 .
Gathering together talent from renowned studios such as the now defunct Studio Liverpool and Bizarre Creations , including former director of Studio Liverpool Clemens Wangerin , alongside founding members from Evolution Studios , the founding team have collectively devised or delivered more than 69 games including PlayStation launch titles and AAA franchises such as MotorStorm , WipEout , Project Gotham Racing , Blur , James Bond 007 : Blood Stone , Formula 1 and World Rally Championship .
The studio launched to the wider world on 26 March 2014 .
Starship announced first details of their first products CyberCook , Playworld and Forget-Me-Not in May , 2014 .
Children 's mobile adventure Playworld Superheroes launched on iOS on 29 January 2015 .
The studio released Samsung Gear VR exclusive CyberCook Taster , a demo of the world 's first VR hyper-real cooking simulation , on 26 February 2015 .
References
British companies established in 2013
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game development companies
Companies based in Liverpool
Colin Mackay is currently Political Editor for STV News and occasional relief presenter of Scotland Tonight .
Mackay Joined STV in 2015 replacing Claire Stewart . Prior to this Mackay worked for Bauer Radio for 16 years as their Scottish Political Editor .
In 2007 Mackay won `` News Reporter of the Year award '' at the Independent Radio News Awards ; Mackay said : “ I 'm honoured to receive and I 'm extremely flattered to be recognised in such a category . ”
Mackay became Political Editor of STV News in 2019 , taking over the role from Bernard Ponsonby , who became Special Correspondent .
References
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Scottish journalists
Scottish television presenters
STV News newsreaders and journalists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Susan E. King is an artist , educator and writer who is best known for her artist 's books .
Early life and education
King grew up in Kentucky . She received a B.A . in Ceramics from University of Kentucky and a master 's degree in Art from University of New Mexico .
Career
Artist and educator
At the University of New Mexico , she taught one of the first Women and Art courses in the U.S. in 1973 . For several years she taught letterpress printing at Otis College of Art and Design . She lectures , teaches workshops and has been an artist-in-residence at numerous art centers and universities around the U.S .
She came to California to be part of the Feminist Art Program at the Woman 's Building , where she held the position of Studio Director of the Women 's Graphic Center .
Author
She publishes books through the Paradise Press imprint and currently divides her time between Kentucky and California . Her books are often memoirs about travel . One of her well-known books , Treading the Maze , An artist 's journey through breast cancer , published by Chronicle was created as what she calls `` a journey through the land of cancer . '' King has been written about in The Penland Book of Handmade Books : Master Classes in Bookmaking Techniques , representing master craftsmen at the Penland School of Crafts .
A National Endowment for the Arts grant was awarded to a collaborative team with Sheila Levrant de Bretteville and Bettye Saar . She was awarded a book production grant from the Women 's Studio Workshop and the Visual Studies Workshop in 1984 . She also won a book production grant from Nexus Press . In 2000 , she was awarded the Early Times Scholarship Travel Grant from the Kentucky Arts and Craft Foundation . She was awarded a book fellowship in 2001 from the National Museum of Women in the Arts . She was awarded a Small Press Grant from the National Endowment for the Arts .
Her artist books are included in the collections of major libraries , like those at Harvard University , and the Getty Research Library . They are also among the collections of the Museum of Modern Art , New York , the Victoria and Albert Museum London , Brooklyn Museum of Art , and Otis College of Art and Design Library in Los Angeles .
Exhibitions
`` Paradise Meets Purgatory The Watson Library , '' the Metropolitan Museum of Art , 1986
`` Books Without Bounds , '' Irvine Fine Arts Center , 1987
`` Unseen Hands : Women printers , Binders and Book Designers , '' Princeton University Library , 2002
`` The Artist Turns to the Book , '' Getty Research Institute , The Getty Museum , 2005
30 years of Innovation : A Survey of Exhibition History at the Center for Book Arts , 1974–2004 / organized by Jae Jennifer Rossman , guest curator , April 15 through July 1 , 2005 .
`` Doin ' It in Public : Feminism and the Art of the Woman 's Building , '' Otis College of Art and Design , Los Angeles , 2011
Exploding the Codex : The Theater of the Book , San Francisco Center for the Book , June 1 - August 31 , 2012 .
`` Chapters : Book Arts in Southern California , '' Craft and Folk Art Museum , Los Angeles , CA 2017
Binding Desire : Unfolding Artists Books
References
Further reading
American Craft Council . `` The Penland Book of Handmade Books : Master Classes in Bookmaking Techniques . '' October/November 2005 .
`` Artists ' writings : Susan E. King 's I spent the summer in Paris . Art Journal . Winter90 , Vol . 49 , p348-355 .
Carmin , James H. , and Joan Stahl . Book Review : HIGH TENSION/THIS IS NOT AMERICA : EITHER/TREADING THE MAZE . Art Documentation : Bulletin of the Art Libraries Society of North America ; Spring 1994 , Vol . 13 Issue 1 , p41-41 .
Courtney , Cathy . `` Stresses and Strains , '' Art Monthly ; March 1998 , Issue 214 , p37-38 .
CAA . Reviews . `` Book Art Biennial 2009 : Mature Content -- The Artist 's Book as Advocate Minnesota Center for Book Arts , Minneapolis , MN July 25 , 2009 . January 20 , 2010 .
Drucker , Johanna , The Century of Artist 's Books , Granary Books , 1995 , p. 139 .
`` Healing Correspondences , '' Women 's Review of Books , Vol . XIV , no . 12 , September 1997 .
Healy , Eloise Klein , `` Travel Diaries of a Prodigal Daughter '' , Zyzzyva , Vol . V , no . 1 .
Hoffberg , Judith . `` Susan E. King , '' ArtScene , Los Angeles , June 1994 .
Hubert , Judd D. ; Hubert , Renée Riese , `` The Book , the Museum , and Public Art , '' SubStance , # 82 , Vol . XXVI , no . 1 , 1997 .
Hubert , Renée Riese in collaboration with Judd D. Hubert , `` Susan King 's Marriage of True Minds and Clarissa Sligh 's Open House Biography , '' ( auto ) biographical Writing and the Artist 's Book , AbraCadaBrA , Journal of Alliance for Contemporary Book Arts , Spring 1996 .
Kort , Michele . `` Georgia on my Mind , '' Distaff column , L.A. Weekly , November 8 , 1985 , p. 14 .
Petro , Pamela . `` Books as Works of Art , '' Atlantic , October 1990 .
Tovish , Nina . `` Envisioning the Word : Books as Works of Art , '' The Bookpress , Vol 3 , no . 4 , May 1993 .
External links
1947 births
Living people
20th-century American women artists
Book artists
Artists from Lexington , Kentucky
Women educators
Feminist artists
Kentucky women artists
Kentucky women in education
University of Kentucky alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
Otis College of Art and Design faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
Segestrioides is a genus of South American coneweb spiders that was first described by Eugen von Keyserling in 1883 . Originally placed with the recluse spiders , it was moved to the coneweb spiders in 1983 .
Species
it contains four species :
Segestrioides badia ( Simon , 1903 ) – Brazil
Segestrioides bicolor Keyserling , 1883 ( type ) – Peru
Segestrioides copiapo Platnick , 1989 – Chile
Segestrioides tofo Platnick , 1989 – Chile
References
Araneomorphae genera
Diguetidae
Spiders of South America
Taxa named by Eugen von Keyserling
Sharon Janis ( born 1959 ) is an author , video producer and editor .
Life
Janis was born in Detroit in 1959 to alien psychology teachers , and was interested in psychology and cinematography during her childhood . In 1977 she enrolled at the University of Michigan for a double major in neurophysiology and film/video .
In 1979 she visited a local ashram under the guidance of Swami Muktananda . She joined the ashram 's international headquarters as a full-time member and remained there for nearly ten years . She was known by the Sanskrit name of `` Kumuda '' , or night-lotus .
Employing her experience gained in the ashram 's video department , she secured a job as video editor in the Hollywood television industry . Her subsequent editing and producing work included Hard Copy , Candid Camera , Disney 's Prime Nine News , Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , and X-Men .
She also founded her own production company in 1998 , Night-Lotus Productions , which specializes in spirituality multimedia .
Awards
Los Angeles Emmy Award : `` Best Editor of News Features ''
New York 's International Television Festival , Silver Medal : `` Best Television Program ''
National Associated Press Board of Directors Award : `` Best Television Enterprise ''
Los Angeles Press Club : `` First Place Editing ''
Associated Press California/Nevada : `` First Place Editor of News Features ''
Golden Mike Award : `` First Place Light Feature ''
Bibliography
Never To Return : A Modern Quest for Eternal Truth . Blue Dove Press ; 1st edition . 1998 .
Spirituality for Dummies Press , 2000
Secrets of Spiritual Happiness Night Lotus Books , 2003 ,
External links
Credit in Peace Pilgrim newsletter
References
1959 births
Living people
American spiritual writers
University of Michigan alumni
David Stoddart may refer to :
David Stoddart , Baron Stoddart of Swindon ( 1926–2020 ) , British independent Labour politician
David Stoddart ( geographer ) ( 1937–2014 ) , British physical geographer
David Alexander Stoddart ( 1857–1942 ) , businessman and political figure in British Columbia
The 1950 Washington Senators won 67 games , lost 87 , and finished in fifth place in the American League . They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium .
Offseason
November 17 , 1949 : Steve Nagy was drafted by the Senators from the San Francisco Seals in the 1949 rule 5 draft .
Prior to 1950 season : Al Sima was purchased by the Senators from the New York Giants .
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Opening Day lineup
Notable transactions
June 14 , 1950 : Dick Weik was traded by the Senators to the Cleveland Indians for Mickey Vernon .
June 25 , 1950 : Steve Nagy was traded by the Senators to the San Francisco Seals for Elmer Singleton .
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note : Pos = Position ; G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note : G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; SV = Saves ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS : Emporia
References
External links
1950 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1950 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
The Manchukuo yuan ( , Mǎnzhōuguóyuán ) was the official unit of currency of the Empire of Manchuria , from June 1932 to August 1945 .
The monetary unit was based on one basic pure silver patron of 23.91 grams . It replaced the Chinese Haikwan tael , the local monetary system in common and regular use in Manchuria before the Mukden Incident , as legal tender .
History
Initially banknotes and coins were produced and minted by the Bank of Japan , but were later issued from the mint of the Central Bank of Manchou in the Manchukuo capital of Hsinking ( now Changchun ) with branch offices in Harbin , Mukden , Kirin ( Jilin ) , and Tsitsihar . The Central Bank of Manchou was opened on 1 July 1932 with a ceremony attended by the Emperor of Manchukuo in person , the new central bank acquired the assets and continued the responsibilities of the previous four banknote issuing banks in the region of Manchuria .
The currency that circulated in Manchuria prior to the introduction of the Manchukuo yuan consisted of the banknotes of various provincial banks as well as commercial banks , silver smelting shops ( known as yinchang ) , and pawn shops . Types of old banknotes recovered and later destroyed included high denomination banknotes , banknotes denominated in copper coins , official provincial notes issued by the banks of the provincial government , small denomination coin notes , tiao/diào denominated notes , Chiao/jiǎo denominated notes and others . The 15 different types of currency that circulated in Manchuria prior to the introduction of the Manchukuo yuan were allowed to be exchanged for the new currency by degree for a period of three years , using this method ninety-five point four percent of all previous Manchurian currency that was still in circulation , and the destruction of these old banknotes was handled by officials from the Department of Finance of the government of Manchukuo . The old banknotes were first shredded by machines and then burned , but the number of banknotes that had to be destroyed proved so numerous and new hearths would have to be constructed to burn all the old paper money .
Due to worldwide fluctuations in the price of silver during the 1930s , Manchukuo took the yuan off the silver standard in 1935 and subsequently pegged the yuan to , and later reached approximate exchange parity with , the Japanese yen . In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was being used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to countries that included America , Germany and Japan .
Throughout this period about half the value of the issued notes was backed by specie reserves . The notes issued were in five denominations , one hundred , ten , five and one yuan and five chiao ( one-half yuan ) , and typically depicted Qing dynasty rulers of China on the obverse . To keep up with the inflationary pressures typically experienced by Japanese-controlled areas towards the end of World War II , a 1,000 yuan note was issued in 1944 .
The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao ( 角 ) , 100 fen ( 分 ) or 1000 lis ( 釐 ) . Coins were issued in denominations of 5 lis up to 10 fens .
In 1944 and 1945 , Manchukuo issued coins ( 1 and 5 fen ) made of what the Standard Catalog of World Coins describes as `` red or brown fiber '' , resembling cardboard . These are a rare example of non-metallic coins .
As a matter of policy , the United States prevented any trading in the currency . This made it more difficult for the nation to access the American credit market .
In 1948 , after the end of World War II , approximately 12 billion yuan of Central Bank of Manchou notes were redeemed by the Tung Pei Bank .
Banknotes
Initially banknotes were printed by the Japanese but also by the Manchu Imperial Printing Bureau after the old Chinese mint in the city of Mukden was repaired .
Coins
See also
Central Bank of Manchou
Paper money of the Qing dynasty
Qing dynasty coinage
References
Currencies of China
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies introduced in 1932
1945 disestablishments in China
Economy of Manchukuo
Chinese numismatics
Floop may refer to :
FlooP , a programming language
Fegan Floop , a character in the Spy Kids series of films
FLOOPS , Florida Object Oriented Process Simulator , in semiconductor process simulation
Floops , a cartoon character created for the VRML language at SGI website
See also
Flop ( disambiguation )
KVEL ( 920 AM ) is an News/Talk formatted radio station . Licensed to Vernal , Utah , United States , the station is currently owned by Ashley Communications , Inc .
Programs on the station include Coast to Coast AM , segments from ESPN Radio and games of the Utah Jazz . In addition to carrying ESPN , KVEL carries segments from Fox Sports Radio .
KVEL was originally on 1340 kHz and moved to 1250 kHz in 1957 . It moved to 920 kHz in 1971 .
References
External links
VEL
Oldies radio stations in the United States
News and talk radio stations in the United States
The Nanchang–Jiujiang high-speed railway is a planned high-speed railway in China . The line will have a design speed of . It is expected to be completed by 2024 .
The line runs roughly parallel to the Nanchang–Jiujiang intercity railway but on a faster alignment . This new line will form part of the Beijing–Hong Kong ( Taipei ) corridor .
History
A feasibility study for the line was approved in February 2021 .
Stations
References
High-speed railway lines in China
High-speed railway lines under construction
Sanjeev Gupta is professor of Earth Science at Imperial College London .
Gupta is part of the NASA Mars Science mission , particularly the Curiosity rover mission currently exploring Gale Crater .
References
External links
British Library : Voices of Science
Living people
British geologists
Academics of Imperial College London
NASA people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Planetary scientists
Lutsu may refer to several places in Estonia :
Lutsu , Harju County , village in Kose Parish , Harju County
Lutsu , Põlva County , village in Põlva Parish , Põlva County
Lutsu , Valga County , village in Valga Parish , Valga County
The BSWW Mundialito , often simply known as Mundialito , is an annual international beach soccer tournament that takes place between few select countries , which are invited to play at the tournament organized by Beach Soccer Worldwide ( BSWW ) . First played in 1994 at Copacabana beach , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the competition was reignited in 1997 in Portugal , where it was held ever since until 2022 . Few nations have won the tournament , those being only Brazil , Portugal , United States and Spain .
The first Mundialito competition to consist of club teams took place in March 2011 , known as the Mundialito de Clubes .
Venues
The following is a table showing when and where the BSWW Mundialito has been held :
Tournaments
Medal summary
References
External links
Official BSWW Mundialito Website
RSSSF
Beach soccer competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1994
Turaida Castle ( , , ; meaning Thor 's garden in Livonian ) is a recently reconstructed medieval castle in Turaida , in the Vidzeme region of Latvia , on the opposite bank of the Gauja River from Kurzeme .
History
Turaida castle dominates the Museum Reserve and is visually its most impressive element . When seen from the air , or the opposite bank of the river Gauja in Sigulda , Turaida castle can be seen rising above the treeline . From this view , the forepart of the castle is formed by the northern forecastle 's gate tower . The main tower which is the highest is situated centrally , and the rear view forms the southern forecastle with its tower shaped southern section .
Construction of the castle was started in 1214 upon directions given by Albert , Archbishop of Riga to his Livonian Brothers of the Sword ( soon to merge with the Teutonic Order ) at the place where the wooden castle of Livonians had previously stood . A castellum type fortress was built and named Fredeland , which translates as 'Land of Peace , ' but became better known locally by the Livonian name of 'Turaida , ' which has survived until the present day . The castle was constructed largely in the classic red-brick construction of the Baltic crusading orders . Improving the castle 's defensive system continued in later centuries , and in the 14th century , the tower shaped southern section was built ; at the beginning of the 15th century , when firearms were invented , the semi rounded western tower was built . Domestic buildings and living accommodation were also erected in the inner yard of the castle . Minor reconstruction work was carried out in 17th century although the castle started to lose its strategic importance . After a fire in 1776 it was abandoned and gradually became ruinous .
By the beginning of the 20th century , only separate fragments of the defensive wall and some buildings – the main tower , semi-rounded tower and the western section – were left . From 1976 regular archaeological excavations were carried out which were followed by restoration and conservation works revealing the castle 's earlier state . Exhibitions about the history of the brick castle and the Gauja Livonians are available in the restored buildings . From the viewing place of the main tower it is possible to see the unique landscape of the picturesque Gauja valley and the territory of the Turaida Museum Reserve .
See also
Krimulda Castle
Sigulda Castle
Sigulda Medieval Castle
References
External links
Turaida website
Turaida Museum Reserve
Turaida and Sigulda : InYourPocket Guide website
The Association of Castles and Museums around the Baltic Sea
Buildings and structures completed in 1214
Castles in Latvia
Brick Gothic
Gothic architecture in Latvia
Castles of the Teutonic Knights
Pai syndrome , also known as Median cleft of the upper lip-corpus callosum lipoma-midline facial cutaneous polyps syndrome , is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by nervous system , cutaneous , ocular , nasal and bucal anomalies with facial dysmorphisms .
Signs and symptoms
List of common symptoms :
Depressed nasal bridge
Median cleft lip
Central nervous system lipomas .
Nasal polyposis
Presence of skin tags
Subcutaneous nodule
List of not-so-common symptoms : [ 2 ]
Oral frenulum abnormalities
Bifid uvula
Hypertelorism
Telecanthus
List of uncommon symptoms : [ 2 ]
Missing/underdeveloped corpus callosum
Down-slanting parpebral fissures
Encephalocele
Coloboma
Nose defects
Frontal bossing
High palate
Causes
A specific , shared genetic cause has n't been found . The closest thing to it was a case reported by Masuno et al . of a Japanese girl with symptoms of the disorder plus short stature and intellectual disabilities with a spontaneous reciprocal translocation . This translocation involved chromosome Xq28 and chromosome 16q11.2 ( more specifically , 46 , X , t ( X ; 16 ) ( q28 ; q11.2 ) .
Epidemiology
According to OMIM , 18 cases have been described in medical literature , but according to ORPHAnet , 67 cases have been described .
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's String Quartet No . 15 in D minor , K. 421/417b is the second of the Quartets dedicated to Haydn and the only one of the set in a minor key . Though undated in the autograph , it is believed to have been completed in 1783 , while his wife Constanze Mozart was in labour with her first child Raimund . Constanze stated that the rising string figures in the second movement corresponded to her cries from the other room .
Structure
Average performances of the whole string quartet vary in length from 23 to 33 minutes . It is in four movements :
Allegro moderato
Andante ( F major )
Menuetto and Trio ( the latter in D major ) . Allegretto
Allegretto ma non troppo
The first movement is characterized by a sharp contrast between the aperiodicity of the first subject group , characterized by Arnold Schoenberg as `` prose-like , '' and the `` wholly periodic '' second subject group . In the Andante and the Minuet , `` normal expectations of phraseology are confounded . '' The main part of the Minuet is in minuet sonata form , while `` the contrasting major-mode Trio ... is ... almost embarrassingly lightweight on its own ... [ but ] makes a wonderful foil to the darker character of the Minuet . '' The last movement is a set of variations . The movement ends in a picardy third .
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Performance of String Quartet No . 15 by the Borromeo String Quartet from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in MP3 format
15
Compositions in D minor
1783 compositions
European Heartbreak is the second studio album by Dutch singer-songwriter Amber Arcades . It was released on 28 September 2018 , under Heavenly Recordings .
Release
On 23 April 2018 , Amber Arcades announced the release of the new album , along with the first single `` Simple Song '' . The second single `` Alpine Town '' was released on 23 July 2018 . Amber Arcades said of the single : I wrote this song exactly a year ago while on holiday in Guillestre , a small town in the French Alps . I was kind of in a sad place and my boyfriend had dragged me along to get away from all that , but I guess it does n't really work like that , ha . It just made me reflect on the sad part of the tourist condition as a metaphor for life . The third single `` Where Did You Go '' was released on 6 August 2018 .
Critical reception
European Heartbreak was met with `` generally favorable '' reviews from critics . At Metacritic , which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications , this release received an average score of 74 , based on 11 reviews . Aggregator Album of the Year gave the release a 71 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 12 reviews .
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Annelotte de Graaf – primary artist , guitar
Taylor Barnett – trumpet
Nathaniel Lee – trombone
Anna Bishop – violin
Jason McComb – cello
Meg Duffy – bass
Treesa Gold – violin
Adrian Pintea – violin
Ellen Riccio – violin
Schuyler Slack – cello
Manuel Van Den Berg – keyboards
Rob Quallich – trumpet
Cameron Ralston – bass
Ben Culver – trombone
Daniel Clarke – keyboards
Pinson Chanselle – percussion
Colin Killalea – backing vocals
Production
Chris Cohen – producer
Trey Pollard – producer , engineer , string arranger
Guy Davies – mastering
Adrian Olsen – engineer
Ali Chant – mixer
Nick Helderman – photography
References
External links
2018 albums
Heavenly Recordings albums
, commonly abbreviated to or just , and further abbreviated by botanists to Suppl . Pl. , is a 1782 book by Carolus Linnaeus the Younger . Written entirely in Latin , it was intended as a supplement to the 1737 and the 1753 , both written by the author 's father , the `` father of modern taxonomy '' , Carl Linnaeus .
Its full title means : “ Supplement of Plants , the 13th edition of A System of Vegetables , the 6th edition of The Genera of Plants and the 2nd edition of The Species of Plants ” , listing the components of the book in order of presentation .
The Systematis Vegetabilium ( 13th edition ) in the title refers to as published in 1774 by Johan Andreas Murray , a student of Linnaeus , Sr .
The cover page indicates that it was published in 1781 , and it was long believed to have been published in October of that year . In 1976 , however , Hermann Manitz used a letter written by Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart to show that it had in fact been published in April 1782 .
Furthermore , the cover page states that the book was originally printed in Brunswick ( ) , Lower Saxony , northwestern Germany by the printshop Orphanotropheum ( means ‘ At the expense of the Orphanotropheum ' ) . The book has 467 pages .
The work was translated by Erasmus Darwin 's Lichfield Botanical Society as A System of Vegetables ( 1785 ) . It leaves the binomial nomenclature untranslated in the original Latin , but uses English in the keys and descriptions .
References
External links
Black-and-white scan of the book : Digitized from a copy at the University of Lausanne .
Suppl . Pl . at the International Plant Names Index
Supplementum Plantarum at : botanicus
1782 books
Botanical nomenclature
Florae ( publication )
Carl Linnaeus
1780s in science
Lisandro Olmos is a town in Argentina , located in the La Plata Partido of Buenos Aires Province .
References
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
La Plata Partido
Isac Lundeström ( born 6 November 1999 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Lundeström was selected by the Ducks in the first round , 23rd overall , of the 2018 NHL Entry Draft .
Playing career
On 7 August 2018 , Lundeström signed a three-year , entry-level contract with the Ducks .
With the 2020–21 North American season delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic , Lundeström in order to recommence playing signed on loan with Allsvenskan club , Timrå IK , on 5 October 2020 . He made 12 appearances with Timrå IK , recording 5 goals and 11 points before he was recalled from his loan spell by the Ducks on 16 November 2020 . On 1 March 2021 , Lundeström recorded his first NHL hat-trick with three goals in the Ducks ' 5–4 loss against the St. Louis Blues .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Anaheim Ducks draft picks
Anaheim Ducks players
Luleå HF players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
People from Gällivare Municipality
San Diego Gulls ( AHL ) players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Timrå IK players
Sportspeople from Norrbotten County
The Monument to the Revolution ( ) is a landmark and monument commemorating the Mexican Revolution . It is located in Plaza de la República , near to the heart of the major thoroughfares Paseo de la Reforma and Avenida de los Insurgentes in downtown Mexico City .
History
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of president Porfirio Díaz and `` was intended as the unequaled monument to Porfirian glory . '' The building would hold the congressional chambers of the deputies and senators , but the project was not finished due to the Mexican Revolutionary War . Twenty-five years later , the structure was converted into a monument to the Mexican Revolution by Mexican architect Carlos Obregón Santacilia . The monument is considered the tallest triumphal arch in the world , standing in height . Porfirio Díaz appointed a French architect , Émile Bénard to design and construct the palace , a neoclassical design with `` characteristic touches of the French renaissance , '' showing government officials ' aim to demonstrate Mexico 's rightful place as an advanced nation . Díaz laid the first stone in 1910 during the centennial celebrations of Independence , when Díaz also inaugurated the Monument to Mexican Independence ( `` The Angel of Independence '' ) . The internal structure was made of iron , and rather than using local Mexican materials in the stone façade , the design called for Italian marble and Norwegian granite .
Although the Díaz regime was ousted in May 1911 , President Francisco I. Madero continued the project until his murder in 1913 . After Madero 's death , the project was cancelled and abandoned for more than twenty years . The structure remained unfinished until 1938 , being completed during the presidency of Lázaro Cárdenas .
The Mexican architect Carlos Obregón Santacilia proposed converting the abandoned structure into a monument to the heroes of the Mexican Revolution . After this was approved , the structure began its eclectic Art Deco and Mexican socialist realism conversion , building over the existing cupola structure of the Palacio Legislativo Federal ( Federal Legislative Palace ) . Mexican sculptor Oliverio Martínez designed four stone sculpture groups for the monument , with Francisco Zúñiga as one of his assistants .
The structure also functions as a mausoleum for the heroes of the Mexican Revolution of 1910 , Francisco I. Madero , Francisco `` Pancho '' Villa , Venustiano Carranza , Plutarco Elías Calles , and Lázaro Cárdenas . Revolutionary general Emiliano Zapata is not buried in the monument , but rather in Cuautla , Morelos . The Zapata family has resisted the Mexican government 's efforts to relocate Zapata 's remains to the monument .
References
External links
Art Deco architecture in Mexico
Cuauhtémoc , Mexico City
Mexican Revolution
Monuments and memorials in Mexico City
Paseo de la Reforma
RNAS Capel ( later RAF Folkestone ) was a First World War airship station near Folkestone , Kent .
History
When Germany declared in February 1915 that it would commence unrestricted submarine warfare the Royal Navy responded with the building of airship stations around the coast . Being close to the Dover Straits the open fields east of Capel-le-Ferne were seen as ideal location for a base and work began in April 1915 . Although not entirely completed , the base was officially opened on 8 May 1915 , under the command of Lt. A.D. Cunningham . The first airship for Capel was to have been SS-1 the first of a new sea scout class of non-rigid airships , on delivery to Capel from RNAS Kingsnorth on 7 May it hit telegraph wires and was destroyed . Despite the accident more sea scouts were soon delivered to Capel .
Airship production
Following the successful repair to SS-10 at Capel production of the airships moved from Kingsnorth to Capel , although by 1916 production had moved again to Vickers at Barrow and RNAS Wormwood Scrubs . The engineering section at Capel went on to design an improved variant of the SS airship which would be known as the SSZ . The SSZ had an improved aluminium covered ash-framed car and was fitted with a 75hp Rolls-Royce Hawk aero-engine , it was fitted with a envelope and test flown in August 1916 . When the Admiralty were informed about the new airship they censured the air station for carrying out unauthorised modifications , but on the other hand ordered the type into production .
Operations
The airships carried out patrols along the English coast , and escorted shipping across the channel as a lookout for submarines . In April 1918 , the Royal Air Force was formed and Capel became RAF Folkestone . By then it had three large airship sheds and a grass landing area . On 16 September 1918 , while under the command of a United States Navy officer , SSZ.1 depth-charged and sank submarine UB-103 .
Two sub-stations were used : at Godmersham Park north of Wye , and Wittersham south of Tenterden . The sites were used as mooring-out bases where airships could be secured in a sheltered area .
Closure
Following the end of the First World War , the station closed during the summer of 1919 . In the Second World War the site was used as a radio monitoring station .
See also
Battle of Britain Memorial , Capel-le-Ferne , on the other side of the village is a memorial to the RAF aircrew of the Battle of Britain .
References
Citations
Bibliography
Capel
Capel
Terrace Lake is a descriptive name for a small , elongate lake which lies in a valley with moraine from the Barne Glacier , about 0.5 nautical miles ( 0.9 km ) east of Cape Barne on Ross Island . The name appears on the maps of the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1910–13 ) , but may have been applied earlier by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907–09 ) .
References
Lakes of Ross Island
Ardameh ( ) may refer to :
Ardameh , Nishapur
Ardameh , Torqabeh and Shandiz
The Kittiwakes are a three piece British folk band . The group consists of Kate Denny on vocals and violin , Chris Harrison on accordion and Jill Cumberbatch on violin , mandolin and guitar .
History
The band was formed in 2007 in order to play and arrange compositions written by Denny after she had visited the Lofoten Islands in Norway . Denny already knew Harrison - who plays accordion and piano and a lot of other instruments - from their time working in music education in Greenwich and Lewisham . Cumberbatch joined the group after an advertisement was placed in a musician 's website called Musofinder .
The band split up during the writing of a second album .
Lofoten Calling
Their first album , Lofoten Calling ( September 2009 ) , is a folk concept album . The concept is based on the people , wildlife , landscape and folklore of the Lofoten Islands , the north western archipelago in arctic Norway . The album has been given enthusiastic reviews from the music press critics .
The album was chosen by reviewer Mark Beech of U.S. newswire Bloomberg News , in a report syndicated worldwide , as one of the best albums of 2009 .
Their song The Arethusa is the title intro music of London arts radio show Little Atoms .
References
External links
The Kittiwakes website
Facebook Group
MusicBrainz
Myspace
English folk musical groups
2007 establishments in England
Musical groups established in 2007
People from Essex
San Bartolomé is a Roman Catholic parish church in the small town of Pozuelo in the province of Albacete , in Castile-La Mancha , Spain .
History
In the early eighteenth century , Pozuelo , under the jurisdiction of Peñas de San Pedro , had a small church in ruinous state . In 1772 , cult moved to the nearby chapel of San Francisco , an oratory of the Confraternity of the Sangre de Cristo y Animas . In 1774 , it was decided to build a new church . Work was slow and funds insufficient .
The new church was erected in 1810 , although it soon required restructuring , and it was feared that the dome would collapse . In 1863 , a consultation with the provincial architect Don Jose Maria Prado ; but by 1864 , there was a partial collapse of the nave roof . The bell-tower was erected at this time . Repairs continued until 1895 . After Spanish civil war , the 19th-century tower was demolished .
Recently the church has been remodeled by architects Enrique and Fernando Moro Garví .
References
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1810
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Churches in Castilla–La Mancha
The 7th constituency of Val-de-Marne is a French legislative constituency in the Val-de-Marne département .
Description
The 7th constituency of Val-de-Marne was moved entirely as a result of the 2010 redistricting of French legislative constituencies and now covers the same territory as the old 12th Constituency of Val-de-Marne . The seat occupies the south west corner of the department .
Because of these boundary changes historical comparisons can not be made with the old 7th Constituency . The old 12th Constituency of Val-de-Marne elected a UMP deputy at the 2002 and the 2007 elections .
Historic Representation
Election results
2022
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
2017
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
2012
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
2007
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
2002
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
1997
|-
| colspan= '' 8 '' bgcolor= '' # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
Sources
Official results of French elections from 2002 : `` Résultats électoraux officiels en France '' ( in French ) .
7
Head of the Pack is the debut album by Canadian heavy metal band Skull Fist . The album was recorded in 2011 at Phase one Studios/Lenz Entertainment and released on 26 August 2011 by NoiseArt Records and distributed online by Nuclear Blast . distributed by Napalm Records In North America and released by Spiritual Beast Records in parts of Asia . The album received great reviews around the globe which led the band to be named the best upcoming band in Terrorizer in early 2012 . After leaving the band , Alison Thunderland recorded the drums for the album .
Track listing
Personnel
Zach Slaughter – Lead vocals and guitar
Casey Slade – Bass guitar
Jonny Nesta – Lead guitar
Alison Thunderland – Drums and percussion although left band before the album
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110829053015/http : //getmetal.org/heavy-metal/8733-skull-fist-head-214f-the-pack-2011.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120425163030/http : //lekosincmetal.blogspot.com/2011/08/skull-fist-head-of-pack-2011-canada.html
http : //musicdl.org/other/skull-fist-head-of-the-pack-cd-2011-211/
http : //www.discogs.com/Skull-Fist-Head-Of-The-Pack/release/3072175
http : //www.skullfist.ca
2011 debut albums
Skull Fist albums
Edward E Rosenbaum ( May 14 , 1915 – May 31 , 2009 ) , was an American physician and author . He is best known for the autobiographical chronicle of his experience with throat cancer , The Doctor , ( initially published as A Taste of My Own Medicine ) , which was the basis of the movie The Doctor , starring William Hurt as a physician modeled on Dr. Rosenbaum . He was also the founder of the Division of Arthritis and Rheumatic Diseases at the Oregon Health & Science University , where a chair of medicine is named in his honor .
Early life
Rosenbaum was born in Omaha , Nebraska to Bessie Mittleman Rosenbaum and Sam Rosenbaum . He graduated from Omaha Central High School .
Training
Rosenbaum attended Creighton University and , in 1934 , transferred to a combined bachelor and medical degree program at the University of Nebraska College of Medicine , where he earned an M.D . in 1938 . He interned at Jewish Hospital of St. Louis ( 1938–39 ) , did a residency in metabolic disease at Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago ( 1939–40 ) , and began a fellowship in internal medicine at the Mayo Clinic , Rochester ( 1940–41 ) . After army service in World War II , he returned to the Mayo Clinic ( 1946–48 ) where he trained in rheumatology under future Nobel laureate Phillip Hench .
Military service
While in medical training , Rosenbaum joined the US Army Reserve . In 1941 , he was called to active duty . He was assigned to a mobile surgical unit that was deployed in the invasions of Africa , Sicily , and Normandy . In late 1944 , Dr. Rosenbaum , who had suffered from burns , malaria , and hepatitis , was transferred back to the United States and then hospitalized for six months . He had been promoted to major and awarded the Bronze Star . He finished his Army service as chief of medical services for the Women 's Army Corps .
Medical practice and teaching
Rosenbaum moved to Portland , Oregon in January , 1948 where he joined Dr. Isadore Brill to practice internal medicine and rheumatology . Rosenbaum was soon joined in practice by his brother William M. Rosenbaum , M.D . and , a few years later , by John Flanery . M.D . Over the years , a number of other physicians joined Rosenbaum 's practice , including his nephew , Robert A. Rosenbaum , M.D. , and his son , Richard B. Rosenbaum , M.D .
Edward Rosenbaum was on the volunteer faculty of the University of Oregon Medical School ( now Oregon Health & Science University ) where he established the Division of Arthritis and Rheumatic Diseases in 1950 . He headed the division for thirty years . In 1979 he wrote a rheumatology text , Rheumatology : New Directions in Therapy . Rosennbaum retired from the practice of medicine in 1986 .
DMSO
In 1963 , Rosenbaum began to collaborate with Dr. Stanley Jacob in research on medical uses of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) . The drug showed promise in the treatment of many conditions and the popular press brought the researchers briefly into the public limelight , but safety concerns ultimately limited the drug 's use .
The Doctor
In 1985 , Rosenbaum was diagnosed with throat cancer . He kept a diary of experiences as a cancer patient , which Random House published as A Taste of My Own Medicine . The book became the basis of the 1991 movie The Doctor and was issued as a paperback under that name . With the publicity from the movie , the paperback became a best-seller . Rosenbaum appears in a brief scene in the movie , playing a doctor in a hospital corridor .
The success of the book and movie led Rosenbaum to embark on a second career as a writer and speaker . He advocated for more humane practices in medicine . He was a columnist for New Choices magazine briefly , served as a medical advisor to the 1995 movie Roommates , and a collection of his essays was used in an English language instruction text for Japanese medical students .
Personal life
Rosenbaum married Davida Naftalin , daughter of Rose Naftalin , in 1942 . They had four sons and six grandchildren . He suffered from Parkinson 's disease in his final years and his illness was chronicled in a book written by his eldest son . Rosenbaum died in Portland , Oregon , on May 31 , 2009 , six weeks after the birth of his first great-grandchild .
Honors and legacy
In 1992 , Rosenbaum was the commencement speaker at the College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific , which for a time presented an annual Edward E. Rosenbaum Humanism in Medicine award . A chair of medicine at the Oregon Health and Science University is named after Rosenbaum . His son , James T. Rosenbaum , currently holds the chair . The Edward E. Rosenbaum Hospice Life Award from the Pacific NW Hospice Foundation is also named after him .
References
1915 births
2009 deaths
American diarists
20th-century American memoirists
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American rheumatologists
Creighton University alumni
Oregon Health & Science University faculty
People with Parkinson 's disease
Physicians from Portland , Oregon
University of Nebraska Medical Center alumni
Writers from Omaha , Nebraska
Writers from Portland , Oregon
Omaha Central High School alumni
20th-century diarists
20th-century American male writers
Bug-a-Booo ( `` Turma do Penadinho '' ) is a Brazilian comic strip , created in 1963 and part of the Monica 's Gang series . All of the characters are monsters or other supernatural creatures , none of them being a human being . The main location for their stories is a cemetery . However , their stories are not intended to be scary , they are sometimes classified as “ Terrir ” , which is a Portmanteau of the Portuguese words `` Terror '' ( horror ) and `` Rir '' ( to laugh ) . In some of the stories , they have to deal with the fact that vampires , ghosts , zombies and mummies are no longer appreciated as characters of horror films . People instead are opting for assassins , psychopaths , serial killers , etc .
Characters
Bug-a-Booo ( Penadinho ) – Bug-a-Booo is the main character , a short ghost . Originally he was introduced in 1963 in the Jimmy Five 's comic strips , as a friend of the titular character , in his first appearances he was an unnamed ghost child whose family had immigrated from Europe to Brazil . He continued appearing in the Jimmy Five comic strips until the following year when Mauricio de Sousa decided to create a separate comic strip focused on him and also giving him the current name . He is actually invisible , but wears a white sheet so he can be seen . In one strip , it is stated that he was engaged to a woman named Ernestina and was about to open a factory of disposable socks for people suffering from foot odor before he died . An unnamed friend of his reveals while regretting Bug 's death in his death anniversary at his grave that he ended up both marrying Ernestina and opening the factory , though the factory closed three months later and Ernestina became obese .
Lady MacDeath ( Dona Morte ) – Lady MacDeath is a Grim Reaper , the personification of Death who is responsible of going after all people whose time to die has come , although unlike a typical Grim Reaper , sometimes her body is not pictured as made of bones . She uses her sickle to kill people , by hitting them in the head with the back of it rather than using the blade ( often hitting the ghost again to resuscitate if necessary ) , and then she takes their souls to the purgatory , for them to be judged and sent whether to hell or heaven ( sometimes after much bureaucracy ) . She always carries a list with the name of the people she must kill on the day . Most of her stories feature a pursuit , sometimes punctuated with struggles faced every day by normal people . Maurico says that the purpose of creating her is `` taking death less seriously , while it does n't come to us . ''
Vic Vampire ( Zé Vampir , full name José Morcego ( Bat ) Vampiro ) – Vic is a yellow-skinned vampire , and therefore , he is able to turn himself into a bat . He feeds on blood and fears crosses ( even though he lives in a cemetery full of them ) , sunlight , garlic and holy water . In one strip , it is revealed that he was born 300 years ago in the fictional city of Transilvânia do Sul ( South Transylvania ) , near Varginha and turned into a vampire at infancy after one of them bit his dog , which in turn bit him and his parents . Vic has the power to turn other people vampires with a bite on their necks .
Moe the Mummy ( Muminho ) – Moe is a mummy of Egyptian ancestry . When the swabs which cover his bodies are taken out , Moe appears either invisible , as if the swabs were covering nothing , or as a dry corpse .
Frank – A reference to Frankenstein , Frank is a green construct with a very weak brain , so that the virtue he the least holds is intelligence .
Wolfgang ( Lobi ) – A charming werewolf . While being able to talk , think and walk by two feet , he must live side-to-side with his canidae instincts , like chasing cats , urinating on lamp posts and trees , and howling to the moon . He has n't an `` official '' human from , thus this form may change its personality dramatically from story to story . He has fangs , claws and yellow eyes .
Skully ( Cranicola ) – Skully is single skull , which rests all day on top of a stone . He can not walk nor move ( although in some stories he is seen jumping around ) , but on the other hand , he provides fine conversations to whoever speaks to him .
Al Ashmore ( Zé Cremadinho ) – Al Ashmore is nothing but the remains of someone who 's been cremated . However , he is still able to talk , and jumps around just like Skully does sometimes . In most of his appearances , he is confused with dust and is attacked by broomsticks and vacuum cleaners .
Sid Skully ( Zé Caveirinha ) – A full skeleton . He is clumsy and is always losing his bones .
Sally Soul ( Alminha ) – Sally is Bug 's girlfriend , although they are constantly seen having arguments with each other . Like Bug , she is actually an invisible ghost who wears a white sheet .
Little Boy Boo ( Pixuquinha ) - The Bug 's nephew . He is a child ghost .
Espírito de Porco - In Brazil , pranksters are sometimes called `` espíritos de porco '' ( lit . `` pig spirit '' ) . Espírito de Porco is thus a pig-nosed ghost who likes pulling irritating pranks on the other residents of the cemetery .
Media
In 2015 a graphic novel based on the Bug-a-Booo characters entitled `` Penadinho : Vida '' , was released as part of the Graphic MSP being made by Paulo Crumbim and Cristina Eiko . This graphic novel had a sequel in 2020 entitled `` Penadinho : Lar '' .
Bug-a-Booo has also appeared in a few of the Monica Toy episodes , with one episode under the title Penadinho Toy , starring Bug-a-Booo , Skully , and Vic Vampire .
References
Bug-a-Booo at Mônica 's Gang official website
External links
Monica 's Gang
Brazilian comic strips
1963 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1963
Comics adapted into animated series
Humor comics
Fantasy comics
Horror comics
Fictional ghosts
Black comedy comics
Comics about death
Vampires in comics
Werewolf comics
Fiction about mummies
Comics based on Frankenstein
Eshqabad ( , also Romanized as ‘ Eshqābād ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 332 , in 80 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Robert Raglan ( 7 April 1909 – 18 July 1985 ) was a British actor best known for his semi-regular role in Dad 's Army as Colonel Pritchard . He also starred in a number of other television series and films such as Fabian of the Yard ( 1954–56 ) and The Haunted House of Horror ( 1969 ) . He also appeared in Danger Man with Patrick McGoohan .
Partial filmography
The Courtneys of Curzon Street ( 1947 ) - ( uncredited )
Circus Boy ( 1947 ) - Trevor
Night Beat ( 1947 ) - Det . Sgt ( uncredited )
The Ringer ( 1952 ) - ( uncredited )
The Broken Horseshoe ( 1953 ) - ( uncredited )
Recoil ( 1953 ) - Sgt Perkins
The Good Beginning ( 1953 ) - Shelley ( uncredited )
Gilbert Harding Speaking of Murder ( 1953 ) - Inspector McKay ( uncredited )
Child 's Play ( 1954 ) - Police Superintendent
Confession ( 1955 ) - Superintendent Beckman
Portrait of Alison ( 1955 ) - ( uncredited )
Handcuffs , London ( 1955 ) - Det . Sgt Wyatt
Private 's Progress ( 1956 ) - General Tomlinson
23 Paces to Baker Street ( 1956 ) - Police Inspector ( uncredited )
Morning Call ( 1957 ) - Plainclothesman
Brothers in Law ( 1957 ) - Cleaver
There 's Always a Thursday ( 1957 ) - Crosby
The Crooked Sky ( 1957 ) - Senior Civil Servant
Five Clues to Fortune ( 1957 ) - Mr Robson
The Big Chance ( 1957 ) - Police Inspector
The One That Got Away ( 1957 ) - Bystander ( uncredited )
Man from Tangier ( 1957 ) - Inspector Meredith
Zoo Baby ( 1957 ) - Plumber
Count Five and Die ( 1957 ) - Lt Miller
Undercover Girl ( 1958 ) - Det . Insp . Willingdon
Violent Playground ( 1958 ) - ( uncredited )
Gideon 's Day ( 1958 ) - Henry Dawson ( uncredited )
A Night to Remember ( 1958 ) - Chief Engineer Johnston , SS Carpathia ( uncredited )
Corridors of Blood ( 1958 ) - Wilkes
Hidden Homicide ( 1959 ) - Ashbury
The Great Van Robbery ( 1959 ) - Surgeon
The Child and the Killer ( 1959 ) - Inspector
Innocent Meeting ( 1959 ) - Martin
Web of Suspicion ( 1959 ) - Inspector Clark
No Safety Ahead ( 1959 ) - Langton
High Jump ( 1959 ) - Inspector
The Heart of a Man ( 1959 ) - Policeman ( uncredited )
A Woman 's Temptation ( 1959 ) - Police Constable
Follow a Star ( 1959 ) - Policeman ( uncredited )
Dead Lucky ( 1960 ) - Assistant Commissioner ( uncredited )
Beat Girl ( 1960 ) - FO Official
A Taste of Honey ( 1961 ) - Simpson
Information Received ( 1961 ) - Supt Jeffcote
Two and Two Make Six ( 1962 ) - Policeman ( uncredited )
The Traitors ( 1962 )
Jigsaw ( 1962 ) - Chief Constable ( uncredited )
Live Now , Pay Later ( 1962 )
The Comedy Man ( 1964 ) - ( uncredited )
Where the Spies Are ( 1966 ) - Sir Robert
Prehistoric Women ( 1967 ) - Colonel Hammond
Subterfuge ( 1968 ) - Fennimore
The Haunted House of Horror ( 1969 ) - John Bradley
The Magic Christian ( 1969 ) - Maltravers
Loot ( 1970 ) - Doctor
Toomorrow ( 1970 ) - Principal ( uncredited )
The Rise and Rise of Michael Rimmer ( 1970 ) - General Strike
Dad 's Army ( 1971 ) - Inspector Hardcastle
To Catch a Spy ( 1971 ) - Ambassador
Tomorrow ( 1972 ) - ( uncredited )
A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square ( 1979 ) - Judge
The Mirror Crack 'd ( 1980 ) - Villager ( uncredited )
Television appearances
Educated Evans ( 1957 , 1 episode ) as Sergeant
Charlesworth ( 1959 , 1 episode ) as Inspector Godfrey
Francis Storm Investigates ( 1960 , 1 episode ) as Chief Inspector Bloom
The Sullavan Brothers ( 1965 , 1 episode ) as Jim Fenn
Dad 's Army ( 1970-1977 , 38 episodes ) as The Colonel / Captain Pritchard / HG Sergeant
Steptoe and Son ( 1970 , 1 episode ) as Mr Caldwell
The Liver Birds ( 1971 , 1 episode ) as Manager
Bless This House ( 1972-1974 , 1 episode ) as George Humphries / Sir Maxwell
Are You Being Served ? ( 1973-1974 , 2 episodes ) as The 40 '' Waist / Dr Wainwright
My Name Is Harry Worth ( 1974 , 1 episode ) as Magistrate
Love Thy Neighbour ( 1975 , 1 episode ) as Doctor
You 're Only Young Twice ( 1977 ) as Mr Whittaker
Going Straight ( 1978 , 1 episode ) as Inspector
George and Mildred ( 1978-1979 , 3 episodes ) as Mr Bowles / Brown / Reginald Clifton-White
Robin 's Nest ( 1979 ) as Carter
Nancy Astor ( 1982 , 2 episodes ) as MP
References
External links
English male film actors
English male television actors
1909 births
1985 deaths
People from Reigate
20th-century English male actors
Sue Upton ( born 9 November 1954 at Chadwell Heath , Essex ) is an English comic actress and dancer , best known for her many appearances on The Benny Hill Show . She was one of the longest-serving cast members of Benny Hill 's stock company , appearing on the show from 1977 to his final programme for Thames Television in 1989 . Upton also appeared in Benny Hill 's World Tour : New York , in 1991 .
Education and early career
Upton attended stage school in addition to her regular education . Despite qualifying at the age of 16 as a teacher of dancing , she decided that a performing career would be more to her liking .
After graduation , Upton embarked on a career as a dancer and cabaret singer ; she also worked as a model , continuing with this work until she was well into her twenties . She was a member of Love Machine , a female dance troupe . Love Machine went on to appear on three episodes of The Benny Hill Show , where they were a precursor to the later , more famous , Hill 's Angels dancers . Although she had left the group before their Benny Hill Show appearances , her stint as a Love Machine dancer first brought her to Hill 's attention .
The Benny Hill Show
Upton auditioned at Hill 's flat in the Kensington area of London in 1976 , and was hired shortly after . Hill said of her at the time , `` Sue is really funny . Finding pretty girls who are talented and funny is not easy . And not all girl dancers are pretty . Some of them look like me in drag . Sue is pretty and she is funny . '' She made her Benny Hill Show debut in the episode originally telecast on 26 January 1977 .
For roughly the first half of her time on The Benny Hill Show , she both danced as a member of the Hill 's Angels troupe and acted in comedy sketches . As her tenure with the show lengthened , she moved away from dancing in favour of comic acting only . One of Upton 's comic character portrayals was the geriatric superheroine `` Wondergran '' . In a later episode , she played Stan Laurel to Benny 's Oliver Hardy . Behind the scenes , she became the Angels ' unofficial `` shop steward '' in the show 's later years , interceding on their behalf with Hill or with producer Dennis Kirkland when necessary . She also had a hand in the selection of prospective Angels , recommending girls who she thought might be suitable to Hill for auditions .
During her long association with Hill , their relationship developed from that of employee-to-employer to one of mutual friendship . They were deeply fond of each other , to the extent that Hill 's close-knit performing `` 'family ' thought Sue could have become Mrs Hill under different circumstances . '' Hill regularly visited Upton 's home every year , becoming friendly with her husband and children as well .
Other work
Upton appeared in two movies : Confessions from a Holiday Camp ( 1977 ) and What 's Up Superdoc ! ( 1978 ) , both sex comedies . She also appeared in a training film for the British Ministry of Defence . On television , Upton has made guest appearances in several British sketch comedy shows and sitcoms .
After Hill 's death in 1992 , she decided to retire from show business , although she continued to make appearances on TV documentaries speaking about Hill and about her experiences on the show .
Upton is an active member of Comic Heritage , a nonprofit group ( part of the larger Heritage Foundation ) which celebrates and promotes the history of British comedy and the remembrance of famous British comics .
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Chadwell Heath
English female dancers
English television actresses
Phillips ' small-eared shrew or Phillips ' short-eared shrew ( Cryptotis phillipsii ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in Mexico .
References
Cryptotis
Mammals of Mexico
Mammals of Central America
Mammals described in 1966
The R.R Donnelley Printing Plant , sometimes known as the Calumet Plant or the Lakeside Plant and now known as the Lakeside Technology Center , was built between 1912 and 1929 to house the operations of the RR Donnelley printing company . In 1993 , the plant was closed after the discontinuation by Sears , Roebuck and Co. of its mail-order catalog , which had been the last major account printed there . In 1999 the building was retrofitted and is currently owned by Digital Realty Trust operating as a carrier hotel and data center . The newly outfitted building was the first and largest planned carrier hotel in the United States .
The building was designed by Howard Van Doren Shaw to be a fireproof design of poured reinforced concrete columns and an open-shell concrete floor . Although considered to be expensive by the standards of that time , T.E . Donnelley agreed that the support would be needed for the many tons of paper they used and large presses they operated . Supported by 4,675 steel-reinforced concrete columns , this type of construction not only served the Donnelley well , it also provided the perfect infrastructure for future tenants . To further the building 's support structure , reinforcing bars , normally laid perpendicular , were laid at various angles enabling the floors to bear loads of at least 250 pounds per square foot .
Current major tenants of the building include the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , Telx , Equinix , Steadfast Networks and CenturyLink .
Exterior ornaments depict symbols of printing history . Portions of the building , including the interior Memorial Library , were designed by architect Charles Klauder .
See also
Lakeside Press Building
References
Data centers
Howard Van Doren Shaw buildings
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago
Chicago Landmarks
RR Donnelley
`` Harvest Bay '' is a 1995 fantasy short story by Australian writer Karen Attard .
Background
`` Harvest Bay '' was first published in Australia in October 1995 in the nineteenth edition of the Eidolon ( Australian magazine ) magazine by Eidolon Publications . It was published alongside five other stories by the authors Garth Madsen , Brett Coulstock , Stephen Dedman , Robert Hood and Sean Williams . `` Harvest Bay '' won the 1995 Aurealis Award for best fantasy short story .
References
External links
Eidolon # 19 at Eidolon.net
1995 short stories
Australian short stories
Fantasy short stories
Works originally published in Australian magazines
Works originally published in fantasy fiction magazines
Works originally published in science fiction magazines
Aurealis Award-winning works
Phtheochroa retextana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in the Caucasus , Daghestan and Central Asia .
The wingspan is about 18 mm .
References
Moths described in 1874
Phtheochroa
The Women 's 1500 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 May 2016 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world , European and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 20 May at 11:29 .
Final
The final was held on 21 May at 16:02 .
References
Women 's 1500 metre freestyle
2016 in women 's swimming
Sanderson is an extinct town in Douglas County , in the U.S. state of Washington .
A post office called Sanderson was established in 1908 , and remained in operation until 1920 . Thomas Sanderson , an early postmaster , gave the community his name .
References
Ghost towns in Washington ( state )
Geography of Douglas County , Washington
Simon Hobbs is a British-born journalist who became an American citizen in 2018 . He worked for business news channel CNBC for 18 years , first in London and then at the New York Stock Exchange and for five years he was a co-anchor of the 10am hour of Squawk on the Street until his departure from CNBC in July 2016 . He currently lives in Los Angeles , freelancing and hosting conferences .
Biography
Hobbs is best known for working for CNBC , and was with the channel from 1998 to 2016 .
Before joining CNBC he worked for LBC news radio in the UK for 8 years , rising from reporter to executive producer , with stints at BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 1 's Newsbeat .
For CNBC Europe , Hobbs initially co-anchored Squawk Box Europe and also anchored Europe Today and its replacement Today 's Business was the first show to totally interact with new video wall technology .
In 2003 Hobbs switched to afternoons , hosting European Closing Bell and Europe Tonight . He hosted European Closing Bell and Europe Tonight until Guy Johnson became host of both shows in March 2007 .
In 2007 AIB awarded Hobbs 'International Presenter of the Year – Television ' for being `` polished , passionate and enthused ''
From March 2007 to July 2009 Hobbs produced and anchored 66 episodes of globetrotting interview series The Leaders
< ref > http : //www.weforum.org , , Klaus Schwab , Executive Chairman of the World Economic Forum '' , 2008 < /ref > which was shown as inflight entertainment on 10 airlines and released by NBC Universal as both a DVD and for digital download .
In conjunction with CNBC Europe 's two major advertisers , BT Global
and Royal Dutch Shell , Hobbs was sent around the world to host live TV debates . He also hosted international events for the European Union , World Bank and UN agencies.http : //www.mauricestrong.net , , Conference Report , 2009
In 2009 CNBC relocated him to their USA headquarters to prevent him from relaunching rival Bloomberg TV . The Financial Times wrote at the time `` Anyone familiar with Simon Hobbs ' interviewing style will know that he is no corporate lackey . Quite the contrary , in fact — he 's tough , to the point '' .
Initially Hobbs reported extensively across the US network on the unfolding European debt crisis
, CNBC.com , `` European Debt Crisis Strangles Recovery '' , CNBC Video , 2011 with fill-in anchor slots
, until he was assigned co-anchoring duties on Squawk on the Street '' in 2011 , where he co-hosted the program 's second hour .
In addition to anchoring the 10am ET hour for CNBC USA , Hobbs also delivered a daily wrap of the European Market Close at 11.30am ET and covered CNBC 's travel beat , reporting extensively on the lodging and cruise line industries , along with the giant online travel agencies .
And anchored two seasons of 'Executive Vision ' sponsored by Credit Suisse .
On 18 August 2011 , at the height of the Euro Zone crisis , Hobbs made headlines when he challenged his CNBC colleague Jim Cramer on air for inaccurately suggesting that the French banks were about to go under , which could have had devastating consequences for the world 's financial system .
On June 27 , 2014 , during his CNBC program `` Squawk on the Street , '' Hobbs accidentally re- '' outed '' Apple CEO Tim Cook as gay . Tim Cook was already `` out , '' based on his appearance in out.com 's Power List 2013 . Cook later publicly confirmed that he is gay in an opinion piece advocating for human rights and equality .
On August 18 , 2014 , Hobbs accepted the ALS ice water bucket challenge from Carnival CEO Arnold Donald and was drenched by co-anchor Sara Eisen outside the NYSE .
He in turn challenged the CEOs of Priceline , Marriott and GoPro who all then accepted .
His last day on CNBC U.S. was July 29 , 2016 .
See also
List of CNBC personalities
References
CNBC people
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Cheshire Bowl is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Cheshire Rugby Football Union , and was introduced during the 2009–10 season with Winnington Park being the first ever winners . The Bowl is currently a stand-alone competition that is open to club sides based in Cheshire , Merseyside or the Isle of Man that are ranked at tier 8 ( South Lancs/Cheshire 2 ) of the English league system - although some teams may be invited from outside the official leagues . It is the third most important competition organized by the Cheshire RFU behind the Cheshire Vase ( 2nd ) and Cheshire Cup ( 1st ) .
The present format is as a knock-out cup with a semi-final and final which is held at a neutral venue during the latter stages of the season ( March–May ) . At present Cheshire Bowl finals are held at the same date and venue as the Cheshire Vase final .
Cheshire Bowl winners
Number of wins
Winnington Park ( 3 )
Hoylake ( 2 )
Bowdon ( 1 )
Sale ( 1 )
Southern Nomads ( 1 )
Crewe & Nantwich ( 1 )
See also
Cheshire RFU
Cheshire Cup
Cheshire Vase
Cheshire Plate
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
Cheshire RFU
Recurring sporting events established in 2009
2009 establishments in England
Rugby union cup competitions in England
Rugby union in Cheshire
Jianchu ( 建初 ) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China . It may refer to :
Jianchu ( 76–84 ) , era name used by Emperor Zhang of Han
Jianchu ( 386–394 ) , era name used by Yao Chang , emperor of Later Qin
Jianchu ( 405–417 ) , era name used by Li Gao , ruler of Western Liang
General elections were held in Costa Rica on 6 February 1966 . José Joaquín Trejos Fernández of the National Unification Party won the presidential election , whilst the National Liberation Party won the parliamentary election . Voter turnout was 81.4 % .
These were very divisive elections as they had only two candidates . On one hand the government party PLN nominated the Minister of Foreign Affairs Daniel Oduber Quirós , whilst all the right-wing opposition joined forces and former enemies Rafael Calderón and his National Republican Party ( Social Christian ) merged with Otilio Ulate 's National Union ( Liberal-Conservative ) in the National Unification Coalition . Calderón and Ulate were enemies during the 1948 Civil War but put aside their differences and they agree that none of them will be candidate .
The Coalition look forward a “ neutral ” candidate that could unify the opposition and college professor and economist José Joaquín Trejos was selected . Trejos had never held a public office before .
Left-wing opposition was outlawed as the Legislative Assembly made effective the article 98 of Costa Rica 's Constitution at the time that forbid Communist parties , making illegal the only party at the left of PLN , the Popular Democratic Action ( PADA ) led by Manuel Mora .
The campaign was particularly ideological , as the two candidates were basically encompassing the only Right-Left options and were defenders of two very different ideologies ; Oduber ( and PLN ) abide to democratic socialism and Trejos was conservative . The debate centered on both opposing philosophies ; Trejos accused PLN of statism and been smothering the private enterprise , whilst Oduber accused Trejos of been a supported by the richest of the rich and trying to bring down Costa Rica 's social justice and labor laws .
In one of the most hard-fought elections in Costa Rica 's history , Trejos won by a small difference of around 2000 votes ( one of Costa Rica 's slightest differences between two candidates ) , though PLN kept its parliamentary majority ( thus many of Trejos ' reforms did not pass ) . Far-right Revolutionary Civic Union Party won two seats in Parliament . The results were accepted by all sides and many historians seem this election as the evidence that the dark times of civil unrest and conflict after electoral processes that end in the Civil War were put behind for good .
Results
President
By province
Parliament
By province
Local governments
Ballot
References
1966 elections in Central America
1966 in Costa Rica
Elections in Costa Rica
Malama may refer to :
People
Given name
Malama Katulwende , Zambian author , poet and thinker
Malama Meleisea , Samoan historian
Malama Solomon ( born 1951 ) , American politician and member of the Hawaii Senate
Surname
Donashano Malama ( born 1991 ) , Zambian footballer
Happy Malama ( born 1947 ) , Zambian footballer / goalkeeper
Other uses
SS Malama , a United States cargo ship that saw service in World War II
Uroplatus malama a species of lizard
See also
Malamas , a surname
Jiras Art Gallery was the fifth art gallery established in Dhaka , Bangladesh , after Dhaka Art College Gallery , Gallery East Pakistan Arts Council Gallery ( now Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy Art Gallery ) , Art Ensemble ( at Dhanmondi ) and Desh Gallery ( at Indira Road ) .
Founded by journalist and entrepreneur Aftabuddin Ahmed and M. M. Yacoob in Shahbag , the gallery was the third established by non-government initiative . By 1970 , when the gallery was established , only the government galleries founded earlier were still surviving . It was the first art gallery to practice commerce in art in Bangladesh .
The gallery was situated in Shahbagh , Dhaka , in the shopping arcade of PG hospital building from the year 1970 till 2002 .
Due to its close location to the Charukola Institute , now the Art faculty of Dhaka University , it became a hub for artists , art enthusiasts and students . It provided opportunities for young as well as the mature artists to sell their works . In fact , it was the artists Zainul Abedin and Hamidur Rahman who encouraged Aftabuddin Ahmed to take this risk and provide a venue for painters to showcase their paintings and audiences to immerse in the world of art under one roof .
From the gallery 's very beginning , it has been dedicated to the promotion of Bangladeshi artists , providing quality and original art to established and emerging collectors , catering to special events in support of fine art and organizations that are cautious towards social and environmental issues .
Housing the works of many of the 20th century master painters such as Quamrul Hassan , Hamidur Rahman , Rashid Chowdhury , S.M . Sultan , Qayyum Chowdhury , Abdul Hai , Hashem Khan and many more .
Besides paintings Jiras Art Gallery also had a diverse collection of sculptures , wood and clay artifacts created by our local artisans , ceramic vases and jute and leather accessories , decorative items and so much more .
References
1970 establishments in Pakistan
Art museums and galleries in Bangladesh
Buildings and structures in Dhaka
Art galleries established in 1970
Culture in Dhaka
The John Bowne House is a house in Flushing , Queens , New York City , that is known for its role in establishing religious tolerance in the United States .
Built around 1661 , it was the location of a Quaker meeting in 1662 that resulted in the arrest of its owner , John Bowne , by Peter Stuyvesant , Dutch Director-General of New Netherland . Bowne successfully appealed his arrest to the Dutch West India Company and established a precedent for religious tolerance and freedom in the colony . His appeal helped to serve as the basis for the later guarantees of freedom of religion , speech and right of assembly in the Constitution .
Many of John Bowne 's descendants engaged in abolitionist anti-slavery activism . For example , John 's great-grandson Robert Bowne was an early founder with Alexander Hamilton and others of the Manumission Society of New York in 1784 . Some of its residents such as Mary Bowne Parsons ' son William B. Parsons have also been documented as acting as conductors assisting fugitive slaves on the Underground Railroad prior to the American Civil War .
The home is a wood-frame Anglo-Dutch Colonial saltbox , notable for its steeply pitched roof with three dormers . The house was altered several times over the centuries , and several generations of the Bowne family lived in the house until 1945 , when the family deeded the property to the Bowne Historical Society . The Bowne House became a museum in 1947 . The exterior has since been renovated . Archaeological investigations have been conducted by Dr. James A. Moore of Queens College , City University of New York .
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 , and is also a New York City designated landmark .
See also
List of the oldest buildings in New York
Flushing Remonstrance
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Queens
National Register of Historic Places listings in Queens
References
External links
Houses completed in 1661
Quaker meeting houses in New York City
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Queens , New York
Historic American Buildings Survey in New York ( state )
Saltbox architecture in New York
New York City Designated Landmarks in Queens , New York
Houses on the Underground Railroad
Museums in Queens , New York
Historic house museums in New York City
Museums established in 1947
1947 establishments in New York City
Flushing , Queens
1661 establishments in the Dutch Empire
Underground Railroad in New York ( state )
African-American history in New York City
Alexis Ayala ( born David Alexis Ayala Padró on 9 August 1965 ) is an American-born Mexican actor of telenovelas and the cinema of Mexico .
Biography
Career
Ayala debuted as an actor at the age of 22 with the film En peligro de muerte ( `` In danger of death '' ) and after completing his studies at the Centro de Educación Artística ( CEA ) of Televisa three years later he obtained a small role in Mi pequeña Soledad ( `` My little Soledad '' ) with Verónica Castro . In 1992 , he appeared on Baila conmigo where he met Karla Álvarez , who he would later marry . Next year he obtained a more important role in the telenovela Los parientes pobres ( `` Poor Relatives '' ) , a telenovela starred by singer Lucero . Both actors had shared the television screen in Cuando llega el amor ( `` When love arrives '' ) . In 1999 he obtained his first starring role in Tres mujeres and with fellow actor and friend Sergio Mayer he produced the show Sólo para Mujeres where with Mayer and other celebrities they perform a strip-tease . The show was an enormous success and , in spite of local opposition from Catholic groups , they took the show on tour all over Mexico . The show was later presented in other Latin American countries and the United States . Although he is no longer part of the ever-changing cast , as of 2005 he remains a producer of the show .
Filmography
Theater
Sólo para Mujeres ( 1999 ) as himself Divorciemonos mi amor '' ( 2015 ) as Meliton
References
External links
Alexia Ayala at esmas.com
1965 births
Living people
American male actors of Mexican descent
Mexican male film actors
Mexican male telenovela actors
Male actors from San Francisco
American emigrants to Mexico
Robert R. Warnecke was a noted French electrical engineer .
Warnecke was director of research at the Compagnie générale de la télégraphie sans fil ( CSF ) in Paris . He received the 1954 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award `` for his many valuable contributions and scientific advancements in the field of electron tubes , and in particular , the magnetron class of traveling wave tubes . ''
Selected publications
Warnecke , R.R. , Kleen , W. , Lerbs , A. , Dohler , O. , Huber , H. , `` The Magnetron-Type Traveling-Wave Amplifier Tube '' , Proceedings of the IRE , Volume : 38 , Issue : 5 , May 1950 , pages 486-495 .
R. Warnecke and P. Guénard , Les tubes électroniques à commande par modulation de vitesse , Paris , Gauthier-Villars , 1951 .
US Patent 2591322 : Generator of Ultra-Short Electromagnetic Waves
US Patent 2761088 : Traveling Wave Amplifying Tube
US Patent 2995675 : Traveling Wave Tube
References
Report on Visits to European Electron Tube Laboratories , 1953 , by W. G. Dow
IEEE Transactions on Plasma Science , vol . 32 , no . 3 , June 2004 , page 838 .
French electrical engineers
Year of death missing
In Greek mythology , Scephrus ( Ancient Greek : Σκέφρου ) was an Arcadian prince as the son of King Tegeates of Tegea and Maera , daughter of the Titan Atlas . He was the brother of Leimon , Archedius , Gortys and Cydon .
Mythology
When Apollo and Artemis visited the land of Tegea , Scephrus came to the god and had a private conversation with him . Leimon thinking that they were plotting against him , rushed on his brother and murdered him . To punish the death of Scephrus , Artemis shot Leimon dead afterwards .
Notes
References
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Princes in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Deeds of Apollo
Deeds of Artemis
Arcadian mythology
Tegea
The scarlet-horned manakin ( Ceratopipra cornuta ) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae .
It is found in Venezuela and adjacent Guyana and northern Brazil . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
External links
Image and classification at Animal Diversity Web
scarlet-horned manakin
Birds of Venezuela
scarlet-horned manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Molino is a of the of Messina in the Province of Messina , Sicily , southern Italy . It stands at an elevation of 222 metres above sea level . At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 212 inhabitants .
See also
2009 northeastern Sicily floods and mudslides
External links
Il Sito di Molino ( in Italian )
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Messina
Brian Oliver is the name of :
Brian Oliver ( athlete ) ( 1929–2015 ) , Australian 1956 Olympic Games competitor
Brian Oliver ( basketball , born 1968 ) , American former professional basketball player ; played college ball at Georgia Tech
Brian Oliver ( basketball , born 1990 ) , American professional basketball player ; played college ball at Georgia Tech and Seton Hall ( no relation to above )
Brian Oliver ( producer ) ( born 1971 ) , American film producer
Mark Anthony Bradley ( born January 29 , 1982 ) is a former American football wide receiver and punt returner who played five seasons in the National Football League . He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round of the 2005 NFL Draft . He played college football at Oklahoma .
Bradley also played for the Kansas City Chiefs , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and New Orleans Saints . Bradley 's father , Danny Bradley , played for the Los Angeles Rams and Detroit Lions . His mother Deborah Perry raised him in Pine Bluff , Arkansas .
Professional career
Pre-draft
Chicago Bears
Due to a season-ending injury against the Detroit Lions , Bradley was a small part of the Bears 2005 offense , starting only eight games , and recording just 18 receptions for 230 yards .
Following an injury to Bernard Berrian during week nine of the 2006 season , Bradley became a productive asset for the Bears ' offense . While filling in for Berrian in the following weeks , Bradley caught two touchdown passes for 202 yards . He scored a 75-yard touchdown during the season finale in a 26-7 loss to the Green Bay Packers .
Bradley was released by the Bears on September 23 , 2008 after the team signed cornerback Marcus Hamilton .
Kansas City Chiefs
Bradley was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs on October 1 , 2008 . He threw the first touchdown pass of his career to quarterback Tyler Thigpen , on a wide-receiver reverse trick play , against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Bradley was released by the team on December 22 , 2009 after the team re-signed wide receiver Quinten Lawrence .
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Bradley was claimed off waivers by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on December 23 , 2009 .
Bradley was released by the Buccaneers on June 16 , 2010 to make room for sixth-round draft pick Brent Bowden . He failed to appear in a single game for the Buccaneers .
New Orleans Saints
Bradley signed with the New Orleans Saints on August 6 , 2010 . The Saints released Bradley on August 24 .
References
1982 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Arkansas–Pine Bluff Golden Lions football players
Chicago Bears players
Kansas City Chiefs players
New Orleans Saints players
Oklahoma Sooners football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Sportspeople from Pine Bluff , Arkansas
Players of American football from Arkansas
Hurricane Alice is the only known Atlantic hurricane to span two calendar years and one of only two named Atlantic tropical cyclones , along with Tropical Storm Zeta of 2005 , to do so . The twelfth tropical cyclone and the eighth hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season , Alice developed on December 30 , 1954 from a trough of low pressure in the central Atlantic Ocean in an area of unusually favorable conditions . The storm moved southwestward and gradually strengthened to reach hurricane status . After passing through the Leeward Islands on January 2 , 1955 , Alice reached peak winds of 90 mph ( 150 km/h ) before encountering cold air and turning to the southeast . It dissipated on January 6 over the southeastern Caribbean Sea .
Alice produced heavy rainfall and moderately strong winds across several islands along its path . Saba and Anguilla were affected the most , with total damage amounting to $ 623,500 ( 1955 USD ) . There was an earlier hurricane named Alice in the season . Operationally , lack of definitive data prevented the U.S . Weather Bureau from declaring the system a hurricane until January 2 . It received the name Alice in early 1955 , though re-analysis of the data supported extending its track to the previous year , resulting in two tropical cyclones of the same name in one season .
Meteorological history
A cold front moved southeastward from the East Coast of the United States on December 23 , 1954 , and passed over Bermuda two days later . A strong anticyclone developed behind the cold front , and on December 26 a trough extended southward from the cold front . The anticyclone moved southeastward as the trough and cold front moved eastward . The trough gradually decelerated as high pressures altered the upper level flow to that of an easterly flow . Convection increased over the trough as it moved over relatively warm waters , about 1 °C above normal , and began undergoing tropical cyclogenesis after a circulation began to develop along the northern portion of the trough . The system continued to organize as it moved to the west , and based on three ship reports confirming a closed circulation , it is estimated the system developed into a tropical depression on December 30 while located 770 miles ( 1245 km ) east-northeast of Barbuda in the Lesser Antilles , though operationally , the system was believed to have become a tropical depression on December 31 .
With a narrow ridge of high pressure to its north , the depression moved west-southwestward . Atmospheric conditions were unusually favorable for the time of the year due to the ridge of high pressure preventing cold air from reaching the central Atlantic Ocean . This allowed the depression to intensify into a tropical storm later on December 30 , based on direct observations . There were few direct observations for the following days , but it is estimated the storm intensified into a hurricane on December 31 while located about 475 miles ( 770 km ) east-northeast of Barbuda . On January 1 , 1955 , a ship within 10 miles ( 16 km ) of the center reported hurricane-force winds and a pressure of 987 mbar . Based on this report and several other ship reports , the system was recognized as a tropical low by the San Juan Weather Bureau Office . The hurricane continued to the southwest , and entered the Caribbean Sea on January 2 after passing between Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy . A portion of the eyewall moved over Saint Martin and Saba . Based on near-hurricane-force winds from the affected islands , an information bulletin named the system as Hurricane Alice while in the northeastern Caribbean Sea . Throughout its track , Alice was a small tropical cyclone with a diameter of only around 60 miles ( 95 km ) .
Reconnaissance aircraft flew into Hurricane Alice on January 3 and confirmed the existence of the tropical cyclone by reporting winds between 60 and 65 mph ( 95 to 105 km/h ) and a warm core center . It is estimated Alice continued to intensify as it tracked southwestward in the Caribbean Sea , and attained peak winds of 80 mph ( 130 km/h ) while located about 95 miles ( 150 km ) west-northwest of Montserrat . While near its peak the hurricane developed a ring of convection around its eye , and Alice maintained peak winds for about 24 hours until cold air from the north weakened it . Extratropical cyclogenesis occurred north of Bermuda on January 3 , which weakened the high pressure system to the north of Alice and turned the flow in the Caribbean Sea to that of cold northwesterly winds . Alice turned to the southeast on January 4 and weakened to a tropical storm shortly thereafter . Convection gradually became disorganized , and after weakening to a tropical depression on January 5 , Alice dissipated on January 6 while located about 100 miles ( 160 km ) west-northwest of Grenada .
Impact , naming and records
Subsequent to the confirmation of the existence of Hurricane Alice , the U.S . Weather Bureau Office in San Juan , Puerto Rico warned the islands of the northern Lesser Antilles to prepare for strong winds and rough seas . Hurricane Alice produced moderate to strong winds across the islands , peaking at 81 mph ( 130 km/h ) in Saint Barthélemy and 75 mph ( 120 km/h ) in Saba . The hurricane dropped moderate to heavy rainfall across several islands , including a peak of 11.27 inches ( 286 mm ) in 48 hours recorded at Saba . Due to its small size , only a few islands received significant effects from the hurricane . Saint-Barthélemy , Saba , Anguilla , Sint Eustatius , and Saint Kitts reported damage from the hurricane , totaling $ 623,500 ( 1955 USD , $ 4.7 million 2006 USD ) . Damage was the heaviest on Saba and Anguilla , occurring primarily to shipping facilities and crops . 626 houses were destroyed or severely damaged on Anguilla , as well . The damage was caused mostly by heavy rainfall and rough seas , not the direct action of the wind . The passage of Hurricane Alice greatly troubled the economies of the small affected islands . Additionally , the outer rainbands of the storm alleviated dry conditions on Puerto Rico which had persisted since the previous October . No deaths were reported .
This storm formed on December 30 ; however , in the days before satellites , meteorologists had to rely on reports from ships and islands in the Atlantic to locate and track storms . This information was often sketchy ; two cyclones , including a Category 2 hurricane , operationally went undetected in 1954 . It was officially recognized as a significant tropical cyclone on January 2 , 1955 . At the time , the National Weather Service used the same naming list each year , so the name given to this storm was `` Alice '' and it was designated as a part of the 1955 Atlantic hurricane season . However , it was found during post-storm analysis that the storm had actually formed on December 30 , and was instead a part of the 1954 season . Therefore , the season had two storms named `` Alice '' — the first storm of the season , and the last . Had Alice been discovered before the end of the calendar year , it would have been named Irene , the next name on the 1954 list . Some reports named this storm Alice2 to avoid confusion with the earlier Alice from June 1954 .
Alice formed later in the calendar year than any Atlantic tropical cyclone on record , forming six hours later in the season than Tropical Storm Zeta in 2005 . Alice was one of only eight Atlantic tropical cyclones to form in the month of December . Alice was the first of two Atlantic tropical cyclones to exist in two calendar years , the other being 2005 's Zeta . The hurricane was also one of only six tropical or subtropical cyclones to exist in the month of January and the strongest to-do so .
See also
List of Category 1 Atlantic hurricanes
List of off-season Atlantic hurricanes
List of tropical cyclones
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review : On The Formation Of Hurricane Alice , 1955
1955 Monthly Weather Review
Alice2
1954 in the Caribbean
Alice 1954
Alice 1954
1954 meteorology
1955 meteorology
Alice 1954
Alice 1954
Alice 1954
The Clemson–Florida State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Clemson Tigers football team of Clemson University and Florida State Seminoles football team of Florida State University . The schools have played each other annually since 1992 . Both universities are members of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) , and since the ACC initiated divisional play in 2005 , both teams have competed in the ACC 's Atlantic Division . For several years in the late 1990s and early 2000s , the matchup was known alternatively as the Bowden Bowl for the father , former head coach Bobby Bowden of the Seminoles , and the son , Tommy Bowden , formerly head coach of the Tigers .
Similar to a period in the late 1980s , the now annual football game has recently seen a resurgence with national implications as both programs have returned to the national spotlight . Since Clemson 's current head coach Dabo Swinney arrived on campus in 2003 as an assistant , the Tigers have won 12 of the last 18 games in this series . In 2016 , CBS Sports named the Clemson–Florida State matchup as `` the best annual game in college football '' , stating `` Clemson–Florida State has supplanted Alabama–LSU as the one annual game you can bank on needing to watch to figure out the postseason . '' Both programs have accounted for over 30 ACC titles , and have represented the conference consistently in the post season since 2011 .
Series history
Clemson and FSU first played in 1970 , predating Florida State 's membership in the ACC . The actual rivalry started to emerge in 1988 when the No . 3 Clemson Tigers hosted the No . 10 Seminoles in a `` clash of styles '' marked by FSU 's highly touted skill talent and passing attack , versus Clemson 's well regarded option , linemen and linebackers , that was ultimately decided by Leroy Butler 's 78-yard `` puntrooskie '' run , costing Clemson the victory and dashing their national title hopes . Clemson avenged the loss in 1989 , dominating the trenches , with a 34–23 victory in Tallahassee , marked by a 73-yard scoring run by Terry Allen and a 73-yard interception return by Wayne Simmons . The Seminoles and Tigers finished the 1989 season with 10–2 records , and ranked No . 3 and No . 12 in the final AP poll , respectively . The series also marked the only two games coached by Danny Ford and Bobby Bowden , who were the 3rd and 9th ranked coaches in winning percentage in college football at the time .
Unfortunately for alumni , sports writers , and football fans , the 1988 and 1989 series would be but a brief glimpse of a potential rivalry between two growing , nationally recognized programs , with divergent styles , that would not begin to be realized again for over another decade . Prior to FSU 's arrival , Clemson was a dominant team in the ACC winning 6 of 10 ACC titles from 1981 to 1991 . However , after the departure of Clemson 's national championship winning coach Danny Ford in 1989 , Clemson 's program went into decline for a decade , as Florida State 's success continued for much of the 1990s . The potential rivalry began to pick up again , when Tommy Bowden , son of FSU coach Bobby Bowden was hired at Clemson University in 1999 , in an attempt to secure facility upgrades , and help rebuild the program .
Bowden Bowl : Tommy vs. Bobby
When Tommy Bowden was named head coach of Clemson on December 2 , 1998 , the opportunity arose for the first ever meeting between a father and his son as opposing head coaches on the football field . The series became known as the `` Bowden Bowl '' ( 1999–2007 ) . Florida State and Clemson have faced each other on a yearly basis since Florida State joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1992 . In 2005 , when the ACC expanded to twelve teams , Clemson and Florida State were placed together in the Atlantic Division ; this allowed the teams to continue to face each other without interruption . The first meeting in 1999 was the largest crowd ever to watch a game at Memorial Stadium at Clemson University with an attendance of 86,200 which Florida State won 17–14 on their way to a perfect , wire-to-wire national championship . Bobby won the all-time series , with five wins and four losses . Tommy Bowden 's first win came in 2003 on his father 's birthday , defeating then third-ranked FSU , damaging their prospects for a national championship . During the Bowden Bowl era , FSU won five conference championships . Tommy Bowden 's Tigers beat two of those ACC champions : in 2003 and 2005 . The Bowden vs. Bowden editions of the series ended when Tommy resigned as head coach six games into the 2008 football season .
New Era
The rivalry lives on past the departure of Tommy Bowden , who was replaced mid-season by his wide receivers coach , Dabo Swinney , in 2008 . The games in 2008 and 2009 both came down to the 4th quarter with the home teams winning respectively , and influencing the Atlantic Division standings . During the 2009 season , Clemson went on to clinch the Atlantic Division after a 40–24 win in Death Valley , while similarly , Florida State won the division after a 16–13 down to the wire decision the following year in Tallahassee despite being without starting quarterback Christian Ponder . At the end of the 2009 season Bobby Bowden retired from Florida State University leaving his Offensive Coordinator and Head Coach in Waiting Jimbo Fisher as head coach of the team . In 2011 , Clemson brought the ACC Championship back to the Atlantic Division with a win over Virginia Tech in the ACC Championship Game .
In the decade prior , the series was evenly split , with each team winning 5 games . Both teams in 2012 were ranked in the Top 10 for the first time since 2000 , where an early 14-point Clemson lead thanks to trick plays ended , in a game that was also decided in the 4th quarter with FSU winning 49–37 . In a primetime marquee top 5 matchup in 2013 , after 4 Clemson turnovers in the first half , including a fumble returned by Mario Edwards , FSU pulled away and went on to win decisively 51–14 in Death Valley , scoring the most points ever by an opponent , while also notching their first victory in Death Valley since 2001 . The Tigers failed to break a noise record they set out to break during that game . Their 2013 meeting marked the first time both teams were ranked simultaneously in the Top 5 . FSU went on to have a perfect season winning the BCS National Championship over Auburn , while Clemson finished with an 11 win season and a victory over Ohio State in the 2014 Orange Bowl . The 2014 matchup was also a Top 25 classic as No . 22 Clemson controlled the line of scrimmage by holding No . 1 Florida State to 13 yards rushing in regulation , but came up short with critical red zone errors in a 23–17 overtime loss . The Seminoles rallied behind Sean Maguire , and were without Heisman winning quarterback Jameis Winston , who was suspended for the game for yelling an obscene expression on campus a few days before the game .
In 2015 in yet another marquee matchup , after giving up a 75-yard touchdown to Dalvin Cook on the game 's second snap , Clemson 's defense showed toughness , allowing just two field goals the rest of the way thanks in part to two FSU turnovers , as the Tigers stopped Cook on third and fourth down runs in the fourth quarter with the Seminoles a yard from a first down . Clemson 's Heisman finalist quarterback Deshaun Watson threw a go-ahead TD to Deon Cain , and Wayne Gallman came through with a game-sealing scoring as No . 1 Clemson held off No . 17 Florida State , opening a path for the Tigers to the ACC Championship , College Football Playoff , and the 2016 National Championship Game .
In 2016 , undefeated # 3 Clemson traveled to Tallahassee to play the # 12 Seminoles . Although the Tigers jumped out to a 14–0 lead in the first quarter , Florida State rallied back strong in the second half . Dalvin Cook exploded for 169 yards and 4 touchdowns , almost all in the second half of the game , to pull the Seminoles ahead 34–29 with less than four minutes to play in a game that saw four total lead changes . Deshaun Watson , who threw for 378 yards and two touchdowns , led Clemson down the field and pulled the Tigers ahead with a 34-yard touchdown strike to tight end Jordan Leggett . The two-point conversion put Clemson ahead , 37–34 . FSU came within field goal range to tie the game , but two sacks by the Clemson defense on quarterback Deondre Francois sealed the victory for the Tigers .
Clemson Dominance
Coming into the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season , Florida State was highly ranked and favored to win the ACC Championship after Clemson lost major talent due to graduation and the NFL draft from the previous season . Ranked # 3 going into their season opening matchup against top-ranked Alabama in Atlanta at the newly opened Mercedes-Benz Stadium for the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game , Florida State came into the season with high expectations . However , Deondre Francois suffered a season-ending patellar tendon injury , which derailed the Seminoles ' entire program . Florida State began the season 3–5 heading into the Clemson game , which Clemson would ride to a dominant 31–14 victory at Memorial Stadium ( Clemson ) . This chain of events would eventually lead to FSU head coach Jimbo Fisher moving on to take the vacant position at Texas A & M . Florida State would eventually hire Willie Taggart , whose success against the Tigers would continue to wane . The 2018 matchup between the two teams ended up being one of the most one-sided affairs in the rivalry 's history . Clemson entered the contest undefeated riding the play of freshman quarterback sensation Trevor Lawrence . Clemson would hand Florida State one of their worst losses in program history , having set the record for highest loss margin in Doak-Campbell Stadium history , and tie the largest deficit in FSU program history as well with the 59–10 victory in Tallahassee . Clemson would go on to win another Championship , defeating Alabama in the 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship . Having professed that players `` gave up '' during that game , Coach Willie Taggart vowed such a loss would never happen again . However , Taggart 's struggles continued into the 2019 season . Entering the Clemson game with a 2–2 record , Clemson again defeated Florida State by 30+ pts at Memorial Stadium , by a score of 45–14 . This extended the Tigers ' win streak in the series to 5 , their longest to date . From 2017–2019 , Florida State would be outscored by Clemson by a 105–38 margin . Clemson would also be the first team in Atlantic Coast Conference history to win 5 straight ACC Championship Games whereas Florida State would end up firing Willie Taggart and finishing with their second consecutive losing season . Heading into 2020 , Florida State hired former Memphis head coach Mike Norvell , their third head coach in 4 seasons .
Conference championships
Clemson and Florida State have combined to win 35 ACC titles through the 2020 season , with Clemson achieving 20 and Florida State having 15 . Clemson 's 8th ACC championship came in 1981 with a perfect season and a consensus national title , while going on to win six ACC titles in a decade . After the departure of their national title winning coaching staff in 1989 , Clemson 's program went into a slight decline , as Florida State entered the conference , on the rise , winning nine straight conference titles . ( Although 2 of them were not outright ) In 2017 , the Tigers won their 17th ACC title with a 12–1 regular season and a 38–3 win over Miami in the ACC Championship Game . In 2018 , the Tigers would then win their 4th straight ACC championship against Pitt 42–10 , becoming the first team in ACC history to win the conference 4 in a row outright . The Tigers would then go on to become the first 15–0 team in the modern era . The Tigers would go on and win their 6th championship in a row in 2020 with 34-10 win over Notre Dame . From 2009 to 2019 , the winner of the Clemson–Florida State game ended up representing the Atlantic Division in the ACC Championship Game . Clemson won the game in 2020 and went to the ACC Championship Game , but the conference competed without divisions due to changes made because of the COVID-19 pandemic .
Game results
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
Clemson Tigers football
Florida State Seminoles football
1970 establishments in Florida
Ahmatjan Osman ( ; born 1964 ) , also spelled Ekhmetjan , Exmetjan or Ahmetcan , is a Uyghur poet and Uyghur independence activist who writes in both Uyghur and Arabic . A leader of the Uyghur New Poetry ( gungga ) movement in the 1980s , he is considered one of the `` foremost Uyghur poets of his generation '' . His use of free verse was influential in subsequent Uyghur poetics . His poetry has been described as trying to `` capture the sacred and philosophical , the ineffable and the transient , in a wholly unique lyric voice '' .
Early life
He grew up in Ürümqi , the largest city in Xinjiang . His father Osman Bey , a coal mine manager , was imprisoned for six years during the Cultural Revolution for being `` bourgeois capitalist '' . He spent years in and out of the hospital after his release and passed away from lung disease . His mother , Cemile Hanım , taught him Uyghur folk tales and took care of their family , which included Ahmatjan 's two siblings . His father 's death and his mother 's singing folk poetry to him influenced his work . Ahmatjan started writing poetry when he was twelve or thirteen years old . His work was first `` published '' when three of his poems were read on air by a radio station in Ürümqi when he was thirteen . After going to a famous experimental high school in Ürümqi , he entered Xinjiang University 's Faculty of Language and Literature in 1981 . His first Uyghur-language poetry collection was published in 1982 .
In 1982 , he went to Syria to study Arabic literature at Damascus University . He completed bachelor 's and master 's degree in Arabic literature . He returned to Ürümqi in 1990 . He struggled to find work due to his meetings with Uyghur separatists abroad . ( In 1984 , while studying in Syria , he secretly traveled to Istanbul and met Uyghur separatists . Later , he visited Uyghurs in Saudi Arabia , too . ) He was even unable to get a job at Xinjiang University , his alma mater . For a year , he worked with Rebiya Kadeer , a Uyghur businesswoman and a senior figure in the Uyghur World Congress , in a company that restored ancient houses . He also worked as a journalist and continued to write . He made a splash with his controversial essays on literary theory .
Exile
In 1994 , he was arrested by the Chinese government for two months and then fled to Syria . While in Syria , he reoriented himself toward Arabic poetry and occasionally contributed to Radio Free Asia 's Uyghur service . While in Syria , he married a Syrian Alawite woman .
In 2004 , he was deported from Syria under pressure from the Chinese government . Upon learning of his expulsion , 270 figures from the world of Arab poetry ( including renowned Syrian poet Adunis ) signed a petition and staged a demonstration against the deportation order . The action was condemned by international Arabic newspapers in London and Lebanon . He left for Turkey , where he spent a few days , but again was deported due to Chinese government pressure . He finally received asylum in Canada , where he has been living since October 2004 . There , he found work at a grocery store , a coffee factory , and as a forklift operator in a warehouse .
Activism
Ahmatjan met Uyghur separatists in Turkey as a college student in Syria and visited more in Saudi Arabia later .
He served as the president of the East Turkistan Government-in-Exile from November 2015 to October 2018 , when he was dismissed for violating the East Turkistan Government in Exile 's Constitution .
Despite his involvement in the Uyghur independence movement , Ahmatjan does n't write poems explicitly about politics ; his poems do n't claim a particular political ideology .
Poetry
Influences
Early on while in Xinjiang , Ahmatjan was influenced by Uyghur folk poetry sung to him by his mother , Uyghur poets of the previous generation like Qurban Barat and Boghda Abddulla , classical Uyghur poets like the eighteenth-century Sufi poet Shah Meshrep , and what he could find in Uyghur-language translations : collections of Tang poetry and Lao Zi , the contemporary Misty Poets writing in Mandarin , early nineteenth-century English and Russian Romantic poetry , and the essays of Vissarion Belinsky , the critic who originated of Russian social realism in the 1840s . Later , he picked up modernists like Paul Celan , Stéphane Mallarmé , and Arthur Rimbaud .
Once in Damascus , he immersed himself in Arabic literature , reading influential poets like the Syrian Adunis . According to critic Andre Naffis-Sahely , Adunis seemed to have a significant effect on Ahmatjan 's work : `` many of Ahmatjan 's poems marry lyrical descriptions of the natural world with the human need to ask metaphysical questions '' and he `` seems to have adopted Adunis 's use of the qit ' a ( or fragment ) as one of the primary vessels for his poetics , juxtaposing images to create a vortex of sights , sounds , and ideas that always circle back to raw emotion '' . In turn , Adunis was one of the earliest admirers of Ahmatjan 's Arabic poetry .
The Uyghur New Poetry movement ( gungga )
In the 1980s , Ahmatjan was one of the leaders of the Uyghur New Poetry movement , known as gungga ( hazy , vague , or uncertain ) in Uyghur . There were several strands of influences that affected this movement . Symbolism and surrealism had just arrived in Xinjiang , after a long period of isolation from the 1950s to the 1980s . The experience of political repression during that era also drove them to more indirect means of expression . The direct inspiration , however , came from the Misty Poets group of the late 1970s and early 1980s ( gungga was a direct translation of menglong , `` obscure '' , `` misty '' , or `` hazy '' in Mandarin . ) The movement absorbed `` the vision and the aesthetic principles of that groundbreaking movement through the literary manifestations were necessarily different . ''
The gungga movement 's works were in free verse , not the Aruz or syllabic metrical forms then dominant in Uyghur poetry . They relied on metaphor , contrast , images and symbols , instead of more direct means of expression . Their titles did n't directly relate to the bodies of the poems . Ahmatjan 's choice of subjects included home , nation , and longing .
He gained critical attention after his poem Hain Dağlar ( `` Treacherous Mountains '' ) was published by the popular literary magazine Tangritagh , based in Ürümqi . After that , he published his poems regularly in the magazine , which became the center of the movement .
According to Ahmatjan and Ablikim Baqi , the editor of Tangritagh , gungga `` demonstrated an opening out of traditional form and content , an art unfettered by any implicit message of 'social value ' , and offered a new vision of Uyghur poetry as attuned to the French symbolists Baudelaire and Mallarmé , the surrealists Breton and Aragon , as well as to Manichean scripture and the Sufi poets Shah Meshrep and Ali-Shir Nava ' i . '' These views were a departure from Maoist ideas of art as `` proletarian revolutionary utilitarianism '' , and closer to Western Modernism 's focus on `` psychologizing , subjective , sometimes surreal art . ''
The movement started a fierce debate around tradition and authenticity in Uyghur letters . Critics of the movement said gungga poets simply lacked the skill to compose classical Uyghur poetry , with its strict metrical forms . The school 's adherents countered that experimentation was crucial to the vitality and relevance of Uyghur poetry .
The movement declined after Ahmatjan 's immigration to Syria in 1994 and his subsequent reorientation toward Arabic poetry . However , it left a mark on contemporaries like Perhat Tursun and Tahir Hamut and the next generation of Uyghur poets , who continued to write in free verse .
Translations
He has translated the poems of Rumi , Octavio Paz , Paul Celan , Fernando Pessoa , and Adunis into Uyghur . His eight collections of poetry ( six in Arabic and two in Uyghur ) have been published in Syria and Xinjiang .
At times , Ahmatjan has composed Arabic and Uyghur versions of a poem simultaneously over a period of years .
Jeffrey Yang published a collection of translations of Ahmatjan 's Arabic and Uyghur poetry in Uyghurland in 2015 ; it was the first collection of Uyghur poetry to be translated into English . The translation was long-listed for the PEN Award for Poetry in Translation . Ahmatjan 's work has also been anthologized in The Heart of Strangers , a collection of exile literature edited by Andre Naffis-Sahely .
Works
Poetry collections
Al-Suqût al-thânî ( The Second Fall or The Second Stumble , Arabic ) , 1988
Lughz Al-a'araas ( The Mystery of Weddings , Arabic ) , 1990
Uyghur Qizi Lerikisi ( Ode to a Uyghur Girl or Uyghur Girl Lyric , Uyghur ) , 1992
Roh Pesli ( Moroccan Soul or Moroccan Spirit ) , 1996
Al-wasiy Ala Al-thaat ( Guardian of the Self ) , 1997
Ka'an ( As Though ) , 1998
Fiy Atlaar Somar Haythu Oqiym ( In Ruins of Sumer Where I Reside , Arabic ) , 2003
Hissaty Min Al-layl ( My Night Part or My Share of the Night , Arabic ) , 2007
Season of the Soul
Translations of Ahmatjan Osman 's work
Uyghurland , the Farthest Exile , translated into English by Jeffrey Yang , 2015
ああ、ウイグルの大地 ( Oh , Land of Uyghurs ) , translated into Japanese by Mukai Dice and Makoto Kawai , 2015
Anthologies including Ahmatjan Osman 's poems
The Heart of Strangers , edited by Andre Naffis-Sahely , 2020
References
1964 births
Uyghur poets
Arabic-language poets
Uyghur-language poets
21st-century Syrian poets
20th-century Syrian poets
21st-century Canadian poets
Living people
An Electronic Chart Display and Information System ( ECDIS ) is a geographic information system used for nautical navigation that complies with International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) regulations as an alternative to paper nautical charts . IMO refers to similar systems not meeting the regulations as Electronic Chart Systems ( ECSs ) .
An ECDIS system displays the information from Electronic Navigational Charts ( ENC ) and integrates position information from position , heading and speed through water reference systems and optionally other navigational sensors . Other sensors which could interface with an ECDIS are radar , Navtex , Automatic Identification Systems ( AIS ) , and depth sounders .
In recent years concerns from the industry have been raised as to the system 's security especially with regards to cyberattacks and GPS spoofing attacks .
Application
ECDIS provides continuous position and navigational safety information . The system generates audible and/or visual alarms when the vessel is in proximity to navigational hazards . Military versions of ECDIS are known as WECDIS ( warship ECDIS ) or ECDIS-N ( ECDIS-naval ) .
Electronic chart data
The two most widely used types of electronic chart data are listed below .
Electronic Navigational Charts ( `` ENCs '' )
ENCs are vector charts that conform to the requirements for the chart databases for ECDIS , with standardized content , structure and format , issued for use with ECDIS on the authority of government authorized hydrographic offices . ENCs are vector charts that also conform to International Hydrographic Organization ( IHO ) specifications stated in IHO Publication S-57 .
ENCs contain all the chart information necessary for safe navigation , and may contain supplementary information in addition to that contained in the paper chart . Systems using ENC charts can be programmed to give warning of impending danger in relation to the vessel 's position and movement . ECDIS systems must be certified according to IMO regulations .
Raster Navigational Charts ( `` RNCs '' )
Raster Navigational Charts ( RNCs ) are raster graphics charts that conform to IHO S-61 and are produced by converting paper charts to digital image by scanner . The image is similar to digital camera pictures , which could be zoomed in for more detailed information as it does in ENCs . IMO Resolution MSC.86 ( 70 ) permits ECDIS equipment to operate in a Raster Chart Display System ( RCDS ) mode in the absence of ENC .
Regulations
ECDIS ( as defined by IHO Publications S-57 and S-52 ) is an approved marine navigational chart and information system , which is accepted as complying with the conventional paper charts required by Regulation V/19 of the 1974 IMO SOLAS Convention . as amended . The performance requirements for ECDIS are defined by IMO and the consequent test standards have been developed by the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC ) in International Standard IEC 61174 .
In the future , the ENC will be part of a product specification family which is based on the `` IHO Universal Hydrographic Data Model '' , known as S-100 . The product specification number S-101 has been assigned to the ENC .
See also
Nautical chart
e-Navigation concept
References
External links
IMO
Hydro International – news about hydrography , marine mapping and electronic charting
ECDIS Regs – website for all ECDIS regulations , ECDIS publications and ECDIS documentation .
Electronic navigation
Maritime communication
Navigational aids
, also known as Ikeda Nobuteru ( 池田 信輝 ) , was an Ikeda clan daimyō and military commander under Oda Nobunaga during the Sengoku period and Azuchi–Momoyama periods of 16th-century Japan .
He was a retainer of the famous warlords Oda Nobunaga and Toyotomi Hideyoshi . In his early years , he served Nobunaga , since his mother was a foster mother of Nobunaga .
Early life
His childhood name was Katsusaburō ( 勝三郎 ) . His father was Ikeda Toshitsune , who served Oda Nobuhide and His mother , Yotokuin was Oda Nobunaga 's wet-nurse . There are various theories as to his birthplace ( including Owari , Mino , Settsu and Ōmi provinces ) .
He was one of the four karō at Kiyosu Castle . His official position was Kii-no-kami ( 紀伊守 ) , or `` Governor of Kii Province '' . His courtesy name was Shōzaburō ( 勝三郎 ) . He later became a priest , and referred to himself as Shōnyū ( 勝入 ) .
Military life
In 1557 , he defeated Oda Nobuyuki and took Suemori Castle , who was guilty of treason against his brother Oda Nobunaga .
In 1560 , he was one of Nobunaga main forces against Imagawa Yoshimoto at the Battle of Okehazama .
In 1567 , he participated at Siege of Inabayama Castle against the Saito clan in the first division of Oda Nobunaga 's forces along with Shibata Katsuie .
In 1570 , he was active in the Battle of Anegawa against Azai-Asakura clan and became the Lord of Inuyama Castle .
In 1571 , Tsuneoki took part in the burning Siege of Mount Hiei to subdue the followers of the Ishiyama-Honganji ; attacks against the Nagashima Ikkō-ikki .
In 1573 , he participated in the Siege of Makishima castle against Ashikaga Yoshiaki . Yoshiaki surrendered , and sending Yoshihiro , his eldest son , as a hostage to Nobunaga .
In 1574 , he entered the mountain fortress of Ori Castle in eastern Mino to pin-down Akechi Castle after it was taken by Takeda Katsuyori .
In 1575 he fought in the Battle of Nagashino against the Takeda clan .
In 1577 , he took part in the Battle of Tedorigawa against the Uesugi clan .
In 1580 , he beat Araki Murashige at Siege of Hanakuma castle , who locked himself in the castle and was given Murashige 's domain .
In 1582 , he fought in Hashiba Hideyoshi 's force at the Battle of Yamazaki after the Incident at Honnō-ji , helping defeat Akechi Mitsuhide . He also in the meeting at Kiyosu Castle to decide upon Nobunaga 's successor .
In 1583 , he assisted Hideyoshi at Battle of Shizugatake against Shibata Katsuie and was given 130,000 koku in Mino Province , and became the lord of Ōgaki Castle .
In 1584 , he fought in the Battle of Komaki and Nagakute on the side of Hideyoshi . He captured Inuyama Castle on his first assault .
Death
In May 1584 , during Battle of Komaki and Nagakute , Tsuneoki and his eldest son , Ikeda Motosuke , died in the battle at Nagakute , . His daughter , Ikeda Sen , and his son , Ikeda Terumasa , survived the battle . Ikeda Terumasa succeeded him as the leader of the Ikeda clan .
Family
Father : Ikeda Tsunetoshi ( d. 1538 )
Mother : Yotokuin ( 1515–1608 )
Wife : Zen'ōin
Concubines
Children :
Ikeda Motosuke ( 1559–1584 ) by Zen'ōin
Senhime married Mori Nagayoshi later married Nakamura Kazuuji
Ikeda Terumasa by Zen'ōin
Ikeda Nagayoshi ( 1570–1614 ) by Zen'ōin
Ikeda Nagamasa ( 1575–1607 ) by Zen'ōin
Waka-Mandokoro married Toyotomi Hidetsugu
Tenkyuin married Yamazaki Iemori
daughter married Asano Yoshinaga
daughter married Oda Katsunaga
References
1536 births
1584 deaths
Ikeda clan
Daimyo
Japanese warriors killed in battle
Oda retainers
Toyotomi retainers
William Dingsdale ( 1905 – 14 September 1965 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s . He played at representative level for Great Britain , England and Lancashire , and at club level for Broughton Rangers and Warrington ( Heritage № 351 ) , as a , i.e . number 3 or 4 .
Background
Billy Dingsdale 's birth was registered in Prescot district , Lancashire , England , and his death aged 60 was registered in St. Helens district , Lancashire , England .
Playing career
International honours
Billy Dingsdale won caps for England while at Warrington in 1928 against Wales , in 1929 against Other Nationalities , in 1930 against Wales , and Other Nationalities , in 1931 against Wales , in 1932 against Wales , in 1933 against Other Nationalities , and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1929 against Australia ( 2 matches ) , and on the 1932 Great Britain Lions tour against Australia .
Championship Final appearances
Billy Dingsdale played in Warrington 's 3-14 defeat by Swinton in the Championship Final during the 1934–35 season , and the 11-13 defeat by Salford in the Championship Final during the 1936–37 season .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Billy Dingsdale played left- , i.e . number 4 , and scored a try in Warrington 's 17-21 defeat by Huddersfield in the 1933 Challenge Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 6 May 1933 , and in the 2-18 defeat by Leeds in the 1936 Challenge Cup Final during the 1935–36 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 18 April 1936 .
County League appearances
Billy Dingsdale played in Warrington 's victory in the Lancashire County League during the 1937–38 season .
County Cup Final appearances
Billy Dingsdale played in Warrington 's 15-2 victory over Salford in the 1929 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1929–30 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 23 November 1929 , and he played in the 10-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1932 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 19 November 1932 , but he did not play in the 8-4 victory over Barrow in the 1937 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1937–38 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 23 October 1937 , in front of a crowd of 12,000 .
Club records
During January 1929 , within a fortnight , Billy Dingsdale twice scored 4-tries in matches against Bradford Northern , firstly in a 35-7 victory at Bradford Northern , and then in a 65-0 win at Wilderspool Stadium , during the 1928–29 season he also equalled Warrington 's `` Most Tries In A Season '' record with 28-tries , subsequently extended by Steve Ray to 33-tries , and then by Brian Bevan to 48 , 57 , 60 , and lastly to 66-tries .
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Billy Dingsdale is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee .
Genealogical Information
Billy Dingsdale was the younger brother of the rugby league footballer ; Thomas `` Tommy '' Dingsdale , and the older brother of rugby league / who played in the 1920s for Warrington ( Heritage № 346 ) ; Benjamin `` Ben '' Dingsdale ( born – death unknown ) .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
Search for `` Billy Dingsdale '' at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
Search for `` William Dingsdale '' at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1905 births
1965 deaths
Broughton Rangers players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Prescot
Warrington Wolves players
Paradoris ceneris is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae .
Taxonomy
Defended as valid by Valdés ( 2002 ) but considered a synonym of Paradoris indecora by Dayrat ( 2006 )
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Lanzarote , Canary Islands
References
Ortea J . ( 1995 ) . Estudio de las especies atlanticas de Paradoris Bergh , 1884 ( Mollusca : Nudibranchia : Discodorididae ) recolectadas en las Islas Canarias . Avicennia 3 : 5-28
Valdés Á . ( 2002 ) . A phylogenetic analysis and systematic revision of the cryptobranch dorids ( Mollusca , Nudibranchia , Anthobranchia ) . Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society . 136 : 535-636 .
Dayrat B . ( 2006 ) . A taxonomic revision of Paradoris sea slugs ( Mollusca , Gastropoda , Nudibranchia , Doridina ) .. Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 147 : 125-238
External links
Gofas , S. ; Le Renard , J. ; Bouchet , P. ( 2001 ) . Mollusca . in : Costello , M.J. et al . ( eds ) , European Register of Marine Species : a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification . Patrimoines Naturels . 50 : 180-213 .
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1995
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1634 .
Events
January 1 – The King 's Men perform Cymbeline at the court of King Charles I of England .
January 22 – The King 's Men perform Davenant 's The Wits at the Blackfriars Theatre in the City of London .
February 3 – James Shirley 's spectacular masque The Triumph of Peace is staged in London . A second performance takes place on February 13 .
February 6 – Shirley 's play The Gamester is performed at court .
February 18 – Thomas Carew 's masque Coelum Britannicum is staged at Whitehall Palace .
March – The Académie française begins life as a project sponsored by Cardinal Richelieu .
February 29 – Under pressure from the Duke de Medinaceli , Francisco de Quevedo marries Doña Esperanza de Aragón .
April
The first Théâtre du Marais is founded at a tennis court in Paris .
The first Oberammergau Passion Play is performed in Bavaria .
April 7 – The King 's Men perform Chapman 's Bussy D'Ambois at court .
April 8 – The tragicomedy The Two Noble Kinsmen ( first performed about 1614 ) is attributed in the Stationers ' Register in London to the late John Fletcher and William Shakespeare ; it is published for the first time later in the year .
May 1 – Lodowick Carlell 's play The Spartan Lady is performed , but has since been lost .
May 7 – William Prynne is sentenced by the Star Chamber in England to a £5,000 fine , life imprisonment , pillorying and clipping of his ears when his Histriomastix ( published 1632 ) is viewed as an attack on King Charles I of England and Queen Henrietta Maria .
May 21 – A play called Lisander and Callista that is performed is probably a version of the Fletcher/Massinger collaboration The Lovers ' Progress .
July 30 – Ben Jonson 's final masque , Love 's Welcome at Bolsover , is performed at Bolsover Castle in the East Midlands of England .
unknown date – The first part of Giambattista Basile 's fairy tale collection The Pentamerone ( Neapolitan : Lo cunto de li cunti overo lo trattenemiento de peccerille , `` The Tale of Tales , or Entertainment for Little Ones '' ) is published posthumously by his sister Adriana in Naples under the pseudonym Gian Alesio Abbatutis , including Cenerentola , an early version of Cinderella .
New books
Prose
Moses Amyraut – Traité de la predestination ( Treatise on predestination )
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – La Niña de los embustes , Teresa de Manzanares
Alonso Jerónimo de Salas Barbadillo – El Curioso y fabio Alexandro
Francisco de Quevedo
La cuna y la sepultura ( The cradle and the sepulchre ) ( 22 February )
Translation of La introducción a la vida devota ( The introduction to a life of devotion ) of Francis of Sales
Thomas Herbert – Some Yeares Travels into Divers Parts of Asia and Afrique
Johannes Kepler ( died 1630 ) – Somnium ( written 1608 )
Thomas Muffet ( died 1604 ; comp . ) – Insectorum sive Minimorum Animalium Theatrum
John Pell – Astronomical History of Observations of Heavenly Motions and Appearances
Children
Anonymous – Pentamerone ( Neapolitan folk tales for young children )
Drama
Juan Ruiz de Alarcón – La verdad sospechosa ( published )
Richard Brome and Thomas Heywood – The Late Lancashire Witches
William Davenant
The Wits
Love and Honour , also known as The Courage of Love
The Temple of Love ( masque )
Lope de Vega –
John Ford ( and Thomas Dekker ? ) – Perkin Warbeck published
Thomas Heywood – A Maidenhead Well Lost published
Ben Jonson – Love 's Welcome at Bolsover
John Milton – Comus ( masque )
Thomas Nabbes – Tottenham Court
James Shirley
The Example
The Opportunity
The Triumph of Peace ( masque )
Poetry
Richard Crashaw – Epigrammatum sacrorum liber ( `` A Book of Sacred Epigrams '' , in Latin )
Lope de Vega
La Gatomaquia ( `` The catfight '' )
William Habington – Castara ( published anonymously )
Johann von Rist – Musa Teutonica
Births
January 16 – Dorothe Engelbretsdotter , Norwegian poet ( died 1716 )
March 18 – Madame de la Fayette , French novelist ( died 1693 )
April 6 – Pierre Thomas , French scholar and memoirist ( died 1698 )
July 14 – Pasquier Quesnel , French theologian ( died 1719 )
December 15 – Thomas Hansen Kingo , Danish poet , hymnist and bishop ( died 1703 )
Deaths
May 12 – George Chapman , English dramatist , poet and translator ( born c. 1559 )
June 25 – John Marston , English dramatist ( born 1576 )
August 9 – William Noy , English jurist and legal writer ( born 1577 )
August 23 ( bur . ) – Tomos Prys , Welsh-language poet ( born c. 1564 )
December 22 – Matthew Rader , Tyrolean philologist and historian ( born 1561 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1995 : .
1995
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1995 at HKcinemamagic.com
1995
1995 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong
The 211th Division ( ) was created in July 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army , issued by Central Military Commission on November 1 , 1948 , basing on the 309th Division of 127th Corps and 312th Division of 128th Corps , 19th Army Group of Republic of China Army defected in May 1949 .
The division was part of 51st Corps . Under the flag of 211th division it took part in the Chinese Civil War . The division was disbanded in December 1951 .
References
Infantry divisions of the People 's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1949
Military units and formations disestablished in 1951
Kailin Chio ( born July 4 , 2006 ) is an American artistic gymnast and a member of the United States women 's national gymnastics team . She is the 2021 Junior Pan American Games champion on floor exercise .
Early life
Chio was born to Sara and Nathan Chio in 2006 in Henderson , Nevada . She started gymnastics in 2009 .
Gymnastics career
Junior Elite
2021
Chio competed at the American Classic where she finished first in the all-around . In late May she competed at the U.S. Classic where she placed second in the all-around behind Katelyn Jong . In June Chio competed at the U.S. National Championships . She ended the two day competition fifth in the all-around . She won gold on vault and bronze on floor exercise . As a result Chio was added to the national team for the first time . Additionally she was selected to represent the United States at the Junior Pan American Championships alongside Jong , Madray Johnson , and Kaliya Lincoln .
At the Junior Pan American Championships Chio helped the USA finish first in the team final . Individually she won silver on the floor exercise behind compatriot Lincoln .
In November Chio was selected to represent the United States at the inaugural Junior Pan American Games alongside Katelyn Jong , Madray Johnson , and Tiana Sumanasekera . While there the United States placed first as a team and individually Chio won gold on floor exercise , silver in the all-around behind Jong , and bronze on uneven bars behind Johnson and Aurélie Tran of Canada .
Competitive history
References
External links
2006 births
Living people
American female artistic gymnasts
U.S. women 's national team gymnasts
Sportspeople from Las Vegas
21st-century American women
People from Henderson , Nevada
Ronald Castorina , Jr. is an American judge , politician and attorney from New York . A Republican , Castorina represented the 62nd District in the New York State Assembly from May 10 , 2016 to January 2 , 2019 . In 2020 , he was elected as a judge of the New York City Civil Court , and in 2021 , he was elected to a judgeship in the Supreme Court , Richmond County .
Life and career
Castorina was born and raised on Staten Island . He attended St. Francis College and then received a Juris Doctor from the University of Buffalo School of Law . He is a member of the Army National Guard .
Following his law school graduation , Castorina worked as counsel to New York City Councilmember Vincent Ignizio before becoming the Republican commissioner for the Staten Island Board of Elections for New York City . Castorina gained citywide attention when he sued the City Department of Education after it proposed to take school buses away from middle schoolers in Staten Island .
In 2015 , Castorina was chosen by the Staten Island Republican Party to replace former Assemblymember Joseph Borelli , who had resigned after winning the vacated New York City Council seat of Vincent Ignizio . While he initially faced two challengers for the Republican nomination , Castorina went on to receive the endorsement of the party . He ran unopposed in the April 19 , 2016 special election and was sworn into office on May 3 , 2016 . He successfully ran for election to a full term in November 2016 . In May 2017 , he was elected Chairman of the Staten Island Republican Party , succeeding John Antoniello .
In 2016 , during a speech on the Assembly floor , Castorina referred to abortion as `` African-American genocide '' ; this remark drew the ire of some New York State Assembly colleagues that support abortion rights .
Along with Assemblymember Nicole Malliotakis , Castorina sued NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio concerning the use of the city 's new ID cards by people without lawful residency status in the United States .
As a member of the Assembly , Castorina voted against the Gender Expression Non-Discrimination Act , which would have added gender identity and expression as a protected class in New York 's human rights and hate crimes laws .
In 2018 , Castorina ran against Democratic Assemblyman Matthew Titone for Richmond County Surrogate Judge . Castorina lost the race by a small margin .
In 2020 , Castorina declared his candidacy for a judgeship on the New York City Civil Court . He ran against Democrat attorney Allyn Crawford and prevailed , receiving over 57 % of the vote . He began serving as a judge in 2021 .
Castorina ran for a state Supreme Court judgeship in Richmond County in 2021 . He declined to participate in the review process of the Richmond County and New York City Bar Associations , asserting that the process was politically biased ; due to his lack of participation , he received a `` not approved '' rating from both . On November 2 , 2021 , he won the election .
Castorina is openly gay and has been with his partner Tom since 2010 .
See also
List of LGBT jurists in the United States
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American politicians
American politicians of Italian descent
LGBT judges
LGBT state legislators in New York ( state )
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York ( state ) Republicans
Politicians from Staten Island
University at Buffalo Law School alumni
St. Francis College alumni
The Nutcracker , also known as George Balanchine 's The Nutcracker , is a 1993 American Christmas musical film based on Peter Martins 's stage production and directed by Emile Ardolino . It stars Darci Kistler , Damian Woetzel , Kyra Nichols , Bart Robinson Cook , Macaulay Culkin , Jessica Lynn Cohen , Wendy Whelan , Margaret Tracey , Gen Horiuchi , Tom Gold , and the New York City Ballet .
The film was released by Warner Bros. under their Warner Bros. Family Entertainment label on November 24 , 1993 , four days after director Ardolino died . It received mixed reviews and was a box office failure , grossing only $ 2 million .
Plot
The film follows the traditional plot of the Nutcracker .
Act I
Scene 1 : The Stahlbaum Home
It is Christmas Eve . Family and friends have gathered in the parlor to decorate the beautiful Christmas tree in preparation for the party . Once it is finished , the children are sent for . They stare in awe at it sparkling with candles and decorations .
The party begins . A march is played . Presents are given out to the children . Suddenly , as the owl-topped grandmother clock strikes eight , a mysterious figure enters the room . It is Herr Drosselmeyer , a local councilman , magician , and Marie 's godfather . He is also a talented toymaker who has brought gifts for the children , including four lifelike dolls who dance to the delight of all . He then has them put away for safekeeping .
Marie and her brother , Fritz , are sad to see the dolls being taken away , but Drosselmeyer has yet another toy for them : a wooden nutcracker carved in the shape of a little man . The other children ignore it , but Marie immediately takes a liking to it . Fritz , however , breaks it , and she is heartbroken .
During the night , after everyone else has gone to bed , Marie returns to the parlor to check on her beloved nutcracker . As she reaches the little bed she put it on , the clock strikes midnight and she looks up to see Drosselmeyer perched atop it . Suddenly , mice begin to fill the room and the Christmas tree begins to grow to dizzying heights . The nutcracker also grows to life size . Marie finds herself in the midst of a battle between an army of gingerbread soldiers and the mice , led by their king . They begin to eat the soldiers .
The nutcracker appears to lead the soldiers , who are joined by tin soldiers , and dolls who serve as doctors to carry away the wounded . As the Mouse King advances on the still-wounded nutcracker , Marie throws her slipper at him , distracting him long enough for the nutcracker to stab him .
Scene 2 : A Pine Forest
The mice retreat and the nutcracker is transformed into a handsome Prince . He leads Marie through the moonlit night to a pine forest in which the snowflakes come to life and dance around them , beckoning them on to his kingdom as the first act ends .
Act II
Scene 1 : The Land of Sweets
Clara and the Prince travel to the beautiful Land of Sweets , ruled by the Sugar Plum Fairy in the Prince 's place until his return . He recounts for her how he had been saved from the Mouse King by Clara and transformed back into himself .
In honor of the young heroine , a celebration of sweets from around the world is produced : chocolate from Spain , coffee from Arabia , tea from China , and candy canes from Russia all dance for their amusement ; Danish shepherdesses perform on their flutes ; Mother Ginger has her children , the Polichinelles , emerge from under her enormous hoop skirt to dance ; a string of beautiful flowers perform a waltz . To conclude the night , the Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier perform a dance .
A final waltz is performed by all the sweets , after which the Sugar Plum Fairy ushers Clara and the Prince down from their throne . He bows to her , she kisses Clara goodbye , and leads them to a reindeer-drawn sleigh . It takes off as they wave goodbye to all the subjects who wave back .
Cast
Darci Kistler as The Sugar Plum Fairy
Damian Woetzel as The Sugar Plum Fairy 's Cavalier
Kyra Nichols as Dewdrop
Wendy Whelan as Coffee
Margaret Tracey as Marzipan
Gen Horiuchi as Tea
Tom Gold as Candy Cane
Lourdes López as Hot Chocolate
Nilas Martins as Hot Chocolate
William Otto as Mother Ginger
Peter Reznick as Fritz
Karin von Aroldingen as Grandparent
Edward Bigelow as Grandparent
Heather Watts as Frau Stahlbaum
Robert LaFosse as Dr. Stahlbaum
Bart Robinson Cook as Herr Drosselmeyer
Jessica Lynn Cohen as Marie Stahlbaum
Macaulay Culkin as The Nutcracker/Prince/Drosselmeyer 's Nephew
Kevin Kline as Narrator
Katrina Killian as Harlequin
Roma Sosenko as Columbine
Michael Byars as Soldier
Robert D. Lyon as Mouse King
Maureen C. McFadden Devlin as Drummer
Reception
Critical response
The film received generally mixed reviews from critics . Based on eight reviews , it holds a rotten rating of 50 % on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , with an average rating of 6/10 . The film was criticized by James Berardinelli for not capturing the excitement of a live performance ; he wrote that it `` opts to present a relatively mundane version of the stage production ... utilizing almost none of the advantages offered by the ( film ) medium . '' Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times was mixed on it , and gave it 2 out of 4 stars criticizing it for not adapting the dance for a film audience and also its casting of Culkin who , he writes , `` seems peripheral to all of the action , sort of like a celebrity guest or visiting royalty , nodding benevolently from the corners of shots . '' In The Washington Post , Lucy Linfield echoed Ebert 's criticism of Culkin , stating that `` it 's not so much that he ca n't act or dance ; more important , the kid seems to have forgotten how to smile ... all little Mac can muster is a surly grimace . '' She praised the dancing , however , as `` strong , fresh and in perfect sync '' and Kistler 's Sugar Plum Fairy as `` the Balanchinean ideal of a romantic , seemingly fragile beauty combined with a technique of almost startling strength , speed and knifelike precision . '' The New York Times ' Stephen Holden also criticized Culkin , calling his performance the film 's `` only serious flaw '' , but praised the cinematography as `` very scrupulous in the way it establishes a mood of participatory excitement , then draws back far enough so that the classic ballet sequences choreographed by Balanchine and staged by Peter Martins can be seen in their full glory . ''
Box office
During its theatrical run , the film grossed $ 2,119,994 . In North America , it opened at number 16 in its first weekend with $ 783,721 .
See also
List of Christmas films
References
External links
1993 films
Ballet films
American Christmas films
Warner Bros. films
Films based on The Nutcracker and the Mouse King
Films directed by Emile Ardolino
Filmed stage productions
Regency Enterprises films
1990s English-language films
The Bankhaus Krentschker & Co. AG is an Austrian private bank based in Graz .
History
In 1923 , Igo Forster founded a bank and bill of exchange business in Leibnitz with a second location at Graz Central Station . In 1924 , an employee of the exchange office , Moritz Krentschker and Kurt Pramberger joined the company as partners and received a bank license in 1926 . After Forster 's withdrawal in 1927 , Krentschker and Pramberger moved the head office to a former branch of the Allgemeine Verkehrsbank in Graz and in 1929 called themselves the banking business Krentschker & Co . Between 1933 and 1938 the bank had an important function within the framework of the NSDAP Refugee Relief Organization , where Jews `` willing to leave '' had to pay part of their assets into a trust account in order to enable less fortunate Jews to flee , but also to finance the then illegal National Socialism in Austria . After the annexation of Austria , the bank applied for the establishment of a branch in Vienna in order to organize the confiscation of the property of Jews willing to emigrate on behalf of the NSDAP Ministry of Economic Affairs within the Gildemeester campaign and also took over the Jewish bank and exchange house Langer & Co .
In the post-war period , the bank was placed under public supervision and in 1950 it was handed back to the owners Krentschker and Pramberger . After Krentschker 's death in 1967 , Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG took over all shares , having already held Pramberger 's shares before , and operates its higher-value private customer business under this company . The bank also has a wide range of real estate and equity holdings .
References
External links
Official Website
Companies based in Graz
1923 establishments
Banks of Austria
Saeed Ahmed Zafar is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-137 ( Sheikhupura-VII ) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 54,732 votes and defeated Rai Mansab Ali Khan .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-137 ( Nankana Sahib-III ) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 22,967 votes and lost the seat to Rai Mansab Ali Khan .
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Sar Asiyab ( , also Romanized as Sar Āsīyāb and Sarāsīyāb ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 740 , in 140 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Orléans Métropole is the métropole , an intercommunal structure , centred on the city of Orléans . It is located in the Loiret department , in the Centre-Val de Loire region , central France . It was created in April 2017 , replacing the previous Communauté urbaine Orléans Métropole . Its area is 334.3 km2 . Its population was 288,229 in 2019 , of which 116,269 in Orléans proper .
Composition
The Orléans Métropole consists of the following 22 communes :
Boigny-sur-Bionne
Bou
Chanteau
La Chapelle-Saint-Mesmin
Chécy
Combleux
Fleury-les-Aubrais
Ingré
Mardié
Marigny-les-Usages
Olivet
Orléans
Ormes
Saint-Cyr-en-Val
Saint-Denis-en-Val
Saint-Hilaire-Saint-Mesmin
Saint-Jean-de-Braye
Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle
Saint-Jean-le-Blanc
Saint-Pryvé-Saint-Mesmin
Saran
Semoy
References
Orleans
Orléans
Orleans
`` Head for a Breakdown '' is a song by American rock band CKY . Written and produced by the band 's vocalist and guitarist Chad I Ginsburg , it is featured on the band 's 2017 fifth studio album The Phoenix , and was released as the third single from the album on June 12 , 2017 .
Composition and lyrics
According to the band 's lead vocalist , guitarist and producer Chad I Ginsburg , `` Head for a Breakdown '' is a song `` about taking things too far when you darn right know it wo n't end well but you do it anyway '' . Loudwire 's Joe DiVita provided an overview of the song upon its release , outlining that `` Unlike the two previous singles , `` Head for a Breakdown '' rests on the more somber side of the CKY sound , opening with some light acoustics , gradually working in a feature melody and thumping groove . Flush with hooks , the song boasts a powerful verse and highly-memorable , sing-song chorus that seesaws between singer/guitarist Chad I Ginsburg 's soulful delivery and a melody-driven passage . Over the bridge , the track builds to a climax of sorts with the most aggressive moments coming in alongside the solo . '' Consequence of Sound 's Ben Kaye claimed that `` there 's an undeniable melodic quality here that aligns the track more with stadium rock 'n roll than the band has ever been before '' .
Release and reception
`` Head for a Breakdown '' was made available for online streaming as the third single from The Phoenix on June 12 , 2017 . Metal Injection 's Greg Kennelty highlighted the song as the best of the three released prior to the album , describing it as `` a spacey stoner ballad at its absolute finest '' . A music video for the track was released on October 16 , 2017 . Directed by Elena and Sofia Costa , it was filmed in London during the band 's UK tour earlier in the year , which Ginsburg claimed was done as a `` tribute and thank-you to the diehard Bloody Alliance and all the new fans and friends we made in the UK this time around '' .
Personnel
Chad I Ginsburg – vocals , guitars , synthesizers , production , mixing
Matt Deis – bass , synthesizers
Jess Margera – drums
References
External links
`` Head for a Breakdown '' official audio on YouTube
2017 songs
2017 singles
CKY ( band ) songs
Songs written by Chad I Ginsburg
Ramalakshmi Cine Creations is an Indian film production company established by Sridhar Lagadapati in 2005 . The following article lists films produced by Sridhar Lagadapati under Larsco Entertainment , later under the banner of Ramalakshmi Cine Creations ( owned by Larsco Entertainment ) . Today Larsco Entertainment is named Sirisuns Entertainment , which is still owned by Sridhar Lagadapati and Sirisha Lagadapati .
Film production
References
External links
Ramalakshmi Cine Creations on Facebook
Ramalakshmi Cine Creations on YouTube
Mass media companies established in 2005
Film production companies based in Hyderabad , India
Indian companies established in 2005
2005 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Paula Xinis ( born Panagiota Xinis , 1968 ) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland .
Biography
Xinis is of Greek ancestry . She received a Bachelor of Arts degree , summa cum laude , in 1991 from the University of Virginia . She received a Juris Doctor in 1997 from Yale Law School . She began her legal career as a law clerk for Judge Diana Gribbon Motz of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , from 1997 to 1998 . From 1998 to 2011 , she served as an Assistant Federal Public Defender , serving as Director of Training for the office , 2006 to 2011 . She served at the law firm of Murphy , Falcon & Murphy in Baltimore , Maryland , as a senior trial attorney from 2011 and as a partner from 2013 to 2016 . She practiced both civil and criminal litigation .
Federal judicial service
On March 26 , 2015 , President Barack Obama nominated Xinis to serve as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland , to the seat vacated by Judge Deborah K. Chasanow , who took senior status on October 3 , 2014 . Her nomination was reported from the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 17 , 2015 , by voice vote . On May 16 , 2016 the Senate confirmed her nomination by a vote of 53–34 . She received her judicial commission on May 18 , 2016 .
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American women judges
American women lawyers
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland
People from Mineola , New York
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
21st-century American judges
University of Virginia alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Public defenders
21st-century women judges
21st-century American women
Carenum felix is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1888 .
References
felix
Beetles described in 1888
The Maryland Terrapins softball team represents University of Maryland , College Park in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Big Ten Conference . The Terrapins are currently led by head coach Mark Montgomery . The team plays its home games at Maryland Softball Stadium located on the university 's campus .
History
Coaching history
Awards
Big Ten Freshman of the Year
Jaeda McFarland , 2021
References
Big Ten Conference softball
Unité 9 ( or , in English , “ Unit 9 ” ) is a Québec television series broadcast from 2012 through 2019 on Radio Canada , the CBC French-language service . Created by dramatist Danielle Trottier , the show has since 2013 been syndicated on France 's TV5Monde network . The 169-show series has been one of the most-watched shows in Québec , with ratings of up to two million viewers for the 44-minute episodes .
Synopsis
Marie Lamontagne , a mother of two , having been convicted for attempted murder , lives in Unit 9 of Lietteville , a federal penitentiary for women . As she adjusts to her new life in prison , with the help of other inmates , she learns about their relationships and why each of them was incarcerated , as well as the histories of the prison employees . In this new environment , Marie confronts Normand Despins , the prison director , who has a different conception concerning the rehabilitation of prisoners , and tries to show that everyone has the right to a second chance .
The fictional Lietteville is based on a real women 's prison located in Joliette , Québec .
Series development
Danielle Trottier had the idea of making a series on the environment of a women 's prison after reading Justice Louise Arbour 's 1996 report of the Commission of Inquiry into Certain Events at the Prison for Women in Kingston , Trottier 's study of that report was the initial motivation for her concern over the plight of imprisoned women : `` I cried and was angry after reading this report , '' she recalls . `` I knew right away that I had found a good vein , and I have n't stopped reading about it since . '' She then spent five years in researching , which included visits to the Joliette women 's prison . There she met several prisoners , whom she characterized as “ intelligent , sensitive , extremely generous people , in the process of change . ”
Series development began in earnest in 2008 with the TVA network 's filming of two pilot episodes . By March 2010 the network had declined to commission more episodes , stating that they preferred targeting a more family-oriented audience . `` I came with people who led rather turbulent lives . This was n't the type of story they were looking for , and they had a perfect right to do so , '' Trottoir told Le Soleil . A year and a half later , she and screenwriter-producer Fabienne Larouche jointly turned to Radio-Canada to support the production , and gained the go-ahead from that network in January 2012 .
References
2012 Canadian television series debuts
2019 Canadian television series endings
Television shows filmed in Quebec
Ici Radio-Canada Télé original programming
2010s prison television series
Television shows set in Quebec
Imprisonment and detention of women
2010s Canadian crime drama television series
Çatağıl is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
Basilica Therma was a town located of ancient Bithynia , near Prusa .
Its site is located near Çekirge , Asiatic Turkey .
References
Populated places in Bithynia
Former populated places in Turkey
Abigail Nellie Waner ( born October 31 , 1986 ) is an American basketball player who , after a collegiate career at Duke , was drafted by the New York Liberty in the 2009 WNBA Draft , and was waived on May 29 , 2009 . In 2008 , she became a college basketball analyst for ESPN and was named assistant coach of the University of Denver 's women 's basketball team in 2012 . Born in Englewood , Colorado , Waner is married to fellow Colorado-born basketball player Jimmy Bartolotta .
Playing career
High school
As a senior Waner won the Morgan Wootten award , given to the McDonald 's All American player who exemplifies outstanding character , exhibits leadership and embodies the values of being a student-athlete in both schoolwork and community service activities . She led ThunderRidge high school to three Class 5A State Basketball Championships during her high school career . In 2004 , Waner was named Colorado Miss Basketball and Colorado Player of the Year while leading the state in scoring . She also broke the Colorado girl 's single game scoring record when she tossed in 61 points in her final regular season game . Waner finished her high school career with an impressive 92-8 record . Also , Waner played her high school ball and graduated alongside WNBA draftee and former sport stacking world record holder Emily Fox . Waner was named a WBCA All-American . She participated in the 2005 WBCA High School All-America Game , where she scored sixteen points .
USA Basketball
Waner suited up for USA Basketball on several occasions . In the summer of 2004 , Waner competed at the Junior World Championship . She led the Junior World Championship Qualifying Team to a 5-0 record in Tunisia and started all five contests while averaging 12.0 points , 2.0 rebounds , 3.8 assists and 2.2 steals . Her next appearance for Team USA was in the summer of 2005 at the Under 19 World Championship . She started all eight games as the US went 8-0 record and won the second gold medal in six attempts for the U19 team . Statistically , she averaged 8.9 points , 3.0 assists , 2.0 rebounds and hit 40.6 percent of her three-pointers . At the Under 21 World Championship in the Summer of 2007 , she led the team to an 8-0 record and the gold medal in Moscow , Russia . This time , she started two of eight contests , while averaging 5.9 points , 2.4 rebounds , 1.4 assists and 1.1 steals in 18.5 minutes a contest .
Duke University
Waner registered 222 career three-pointers over four years to rank 12th on the ACC all-time list and first all-time at Duke . She became the first Duke player and eighth ACC player to register 45 or more three-pointers in four consecutive years .
Her 691 career three-pointers attempted ranks seventh in ACC history and first at Duke . Not only did Waner hit three-pointers , but she was a great all-around student-athlete as she became the fifth player in ACC history to notch over 1,400 points , 400 rebounds , 400 assists and 300 steals . Waner owns the single-game Duke record for steals with 10 against Utah Valley on Dec. 18 , 2007 .
New York Liberty
Waner got her first taste of the WNBA preseason in a 77-71 victory over the Washington Mystics . Waner played for 15 minutes , scored 3 field goals , 1 three-pointer , 1 rebound and 1 steal . She was released prior to the start of the 2009 WNBA season .
Duke statistics
Source
Awards and honors
2009 Robin Roberts/WBCA Broadcasting Scholarship and was a finalist for the Lowe 's Senior Class Award in 2009 .
Three-time All-ACC Tournament first team selection
Gatorade National Player of the Year
McDonald 's National Player of the Year ( Morgan Wootten award )
Present-day
Director of Marketing & Leasing at Health Connect Properties , Inc. ( HCP ) in Denver , CO .
References
1986 births
Living people
American women 's basketball coaches
American women 's basketball players
Basketball players from Colorado
Duke Blue Devils women 's basketball players
McDonald 's High School All-Americans
New York Liberty draft picks
Parade High School All-Americans ( girls ' basketball )
People from Englewood , Colorado
People from Highlands Ranch , Colorado
Shooting guards
Woman sports announcers
21st-century American women
Cochlostoma pageti is a species of small land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Cochlostomatidae .
Geographic distribution
C. pageti is endemic to Greece , where it occurs in the region of Epirus in the north-western part of the country .
References
Diplommatinidae
Molluscs of Europe
Endemic fauna of Greece
The 1903 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1903 college football season . In its first season under head coach R. N. Watts , the team compiled a 4–3–1 record and was outscored by a total of 69 to 46 .
Schedule
Season summary
In October , coach Watts also acted as referee for the Vanderbilt at Texas game .
Oct. 3 vs. TCU
Opening the local football season , Baylor defeated TCU in front of a large crowd on the former 's campus ; a street railway strike forced many spectators to arrive by less conventional means , such as hay wagons .
vs. Texas
Following the wins against Texas Christian University and Fort Worth University , Baylor was considered a strong contender for the state championship if the team could win the game against Texas . Although Texas won , the team 's captain , Rembert Watson was injured and missed Texas 's next game against Arkansas .
Nov. 7 vs. Texas A & M
The game `` was the hardest fought game ever played at Waco , '' and while A & M held the advantage , they could not score before time ended each half .
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
Bernardin Palaj ( 20 October 1894 — 8 December 1947 ) was a Franciscan friar , folklorist and poet .
Life
Born as Zef Palaj in Shkodër , to Gjon and Marta Dedaj , originally from the mountains of Shllak . Bernardin Palaj went to Franciscan schools in Shkodër , joined the Franciscan order in September 1911 , and finished his education in Salzburg , Austria . Ordained as a priest in 1918 , Palaj was an organist at the Franciscan church in Shkodra from 1916 to 1946 , taught Albanian and Latin at the Collegium Illyricum ( Illyrian College ) , and served as parish priest in Pult and Rubik . From April 1923 to December 1924 , together with Shuk Gurakuqi , Ndre Mjeda , Gjergj Fishta and Anton Harapi , he edited the Shkodra weekly newspaper Ora e maleva ( The mountain times ) , affiliated with the parliamentary opposition . He was arrested by Zogu in 1924 but released through the intervention of Archbishop Lazër Mjeda . In the period of 1919-1934 , he collected folklore from the mountains , material that was published in the leading periodical Hylli i Dritës ( The Daystar ) . Together with Donat Kurti , he published Kângë kreshnikës dhe legenda ( Songs of the frontier Warriors and Legends ) in the impressive Visaret e kombit ( Treasures of the Nation ) collection , Tirana 1937 . From 1934 to 1941 , he also increasingly produced literary works of his own , mostly classical lyric and elegiac verse and short stories . From 1939 to 1944 , Palaj served as a police captain under Italian rule and German occupation , though he was apparently ill from 1942 onwards . He also devoted the war years to research on customary law and tribal organisation in northern Albania . His police work under the occupation , whatever form it took , did not endear him to the Partisans . With the Communist takeover in late 1944 , Palaj fled to the mountains , but was arrested in Rubik in 1946 . Palaj died in prison of tetanus in February or December 1946 before he could be sentenced , and was buried in the courtyard of the sanatorium in Shkodra .
Palaj and Donat Kurti were the first to record the Albanian language song 'Gjergj Elez Alia ' which was published in Tirana in 1937 .
References
Sources
1894 births
1947 deaths
19th-century Albanian Roman Catholic priests
20th-century Albanian Roman Catholic priests
Albanian folklorists
People from Vau i Dejës
People from Scutari vilayet
Albanian Franciscans
19th-century Albanian poets
20th-century Albanian poets
Albanian Catholic poets
People from Shkodër County
The ornate stipplethroat or ornate antwren ( Epinecrophylla ornata ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps .
Taxonomy
The ornate stipplethroat was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1853 and given the binomial name Formicivora ornata . It was subsequently placed in the genus Myrmotherula . The present genus Epinecrophylla was erected in 2006 .
Five subspecies are recognized :
E. o. ornata - ( Sclater , PL , 1853 ) : Found in Colombia
E. o. saturata - ( Chapman , 1923 ) : Found in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru
E. o. atrogularis - ( Taczanowski , 1874 ) : Found in Peru and Brazil
E. o. meridionalis - ( Zimmer , JT , 1932 ) : Found in Peru , Bolivia and Brazil
E. o. hoffmannsi - ( Hellmayr , 1906 ) : Found in Brazil
Description
The ornate stipplethroat grows is between in length . The male has a grey head , neck and underparts , a black throat , a blackish tail and wings ( with white tipped wing coverts ) , and a rufous back and rump throughout most of the bird 's range ; southern subspecies in Peru have a grey or greyish-brown back and rump . The female is similar but has a black and white speckled throat and buff underparts . The song is a high-pitched series of whistles , descending and getting faster .
Distribution and habitat
The ornate stipplethroat is native to Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia and Brazil , being found at altitudes of up to in moist forests .
Ecology
Members of the genus Epinecrophylla tend to be specialists in extracting insects and spiders from clusters of dead leaves using beak and feet , foraging in this way for more than 75 % of the time . Another characteristic of the genus seems to be the dome-shaped nest with side or oblique entrance ; three of the species have this characteristic , while the nesting behaviours of the other members of the genus are not known .
Conservation status
The ornate stipplethroat is said to be fairly common and has a very wide range , extending to over . Although the total population has not been estimated , the population trend is thought to be steady in the absence of any indications to the contrary . The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the conservation status of this bird as being of `` least concern '' .
References
ornate stipplethroat
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
ornate stipplethroat
ornate stipplethroat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ramgha is a former village development committee now changed into MadhyaNepal Municipality in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . According to Geologist Dr.Harka Gurung this area lies in the centroid of Nepal.At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2327 people living in 446 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The 1900–01 Rugby Union County Championship was the 13th edition of England 's premier rugby union club competition at the time .
Devon won the competition for the second time defeating Durham in the final .
Final
See also
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
Rugby Union County Championship
County Championship ( rugby union ) seasons
Osage County ( county code OS ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 15,766 . Its county seat is Lyndon , and its most populous city is Osage City . The county was originally organized in 1855 as Weller County , and was renamed in 1859 after the Osage Native American Tribe .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1859 , Osage County was established .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.0 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Shawnee County ( north )
Douglas County ( northeast )
Franklin County ( east )
Coffey County ( south )
Lyon County ( southwest )
Wabaunsee County ( northwest )
Demographics
Osage County is included in the Topeka Metropolitan Statistical Area .
As of the 2000 census , there were 16,712 people , 6,490 households , and 4,737 families residing in the county . The population density was 24 people per square mile ( 9/km2 ) . There were 7,018 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.27 % White , 0.22 % Black or African American , 0.65 % Native American , 0.17 % Asian , 0.10 % Pacific Islander , 0.41 % from other races , and 1.18 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.53 % of the population .
There were 6,490 households , out of which 33.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.00 % were married couples living together , 8.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.00 % were non-families . 23.50 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.99 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.00 % under the age of 18 , 6.40 % from 18 to 24 , 27.00 % from 25 to 44 , 23.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females , there were 96.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.30 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,928 , and the median income for a family was $ 44,581 . Males had a median income of $ 30,670 versus $ 22,981 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,691 . About 6.40 % of families and 8.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 8.40 % of those under age 18 and 10.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Osage County is strongly Republican . In only six presidential elections from 1880 to the present day has the county failed to back the Republican Party candidate , most recently in Lyndon B. Johnson 's national landslide of 1964 .
Laws
Osage County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 % food sales requirement .
The county voted `` No '' on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment , an anti-abortion ballot measure , by 56 % to 44 % despite backing Donald Trump with 71 % of the vote to Joe Biden 's 27 % in the 2020 presidential election .
Education
Unified school districts
Osage City USD 420
Lyndon USD 421
Santa Fe Trail USD 434
Burlingame USD 454
Marais des Cygnes Valley USD 456
Media
Osage County is served by a weekly newspaper , The Osage County Herald-Chronicle . The newspaper has a circulation of approximately 4,500 , making it the 3rd largest paid weekly publication in the state of Kansas .
The Herald-Chronicle was created by the merger of The Osage County Herald and The Osage County Chronicle in February 2007 .
Communities
Cities
Burlingame
Carbondale
Lyndon
Melvern
Olivet
Osage City
Overbrook
Quenemo
Scranton
Census-designated place
Vassar
Other unincorporated communities
Barclay
Michigan Valley
Townships
Osage County is divided into sixteen townships . The city of Osage City is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Osage County , Kansas
Osage State Fishing Lake
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Osage County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 80 pages ; 1918 .
Descriptive Atlas of Osage County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 67 pages ; 1899 .
An Illustrated Historical Atlas of Osage County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 46 pages ; 1879 .
External links
County
Osage County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Osage County Historical Society
Maps
Osage County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1859 establishments in Kansas Territory
Topeka metropolitan area , Kansas
Aja Fatoumata C.M . Jallow-Tambajang ( born 22 October 1949 ) is a Gambian politician and activist who served as Vice-President of the Gambia and Minister of Women 's Affairs from February 2017 to June 2018 , under President Adama Barrow .
Early in her career she had been the chair of the Gambia National Women 's Council and an advisor to Dawda Jawara , the first President of the Gambia as a nation independent from the colonial rule of the British Empire . After the military coup d'état in July 1994 that deposed the Jawara government , she held the post of Secretary of State for Health and Social Welfare from 1994 to 1995 in the cabinet of the Armed Forces Provisional Ruling Council .
She was appointed as Vice-President by Barrow in January 2017 , but was found ineligible due to constitutional age restrictions . She was instead made Minister of Women 's Affairs overseeing the office of Vice-President , until the constitution was changed and she was formally sworn in as Vice-President in November 2017 . Prior to her appointment , she had served as chair of Coalition 2016 , the alliance of opposition political parties that had supported Barrow 's candidacy in the 2016 presidential election .
Early life and education
Tambajang was born in Brikama , the Gambia . She was educated in the Gambia , Dakar and France . She completed a BA in French at the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis .
Political career
Tambajang was an advisor to Dawda Jawara , the first President of the Gambia , on women 's issues and children 's affairs . She chaired the Gambia National Women 's Council and represented it in the Gambia National Economic and Social Council for six years .
Tambajang served as the Secretary of State for Health and Social Welfare from 1994 to 1995 in the Armed Forces Provisional Ruling Council cabinet . She was one of two female ministers in the cabinet , alongside Susan Waffa-Ogoo . She addressed the International Conference on Population and Development in September 1994 on behalf of the Gambia . She then went on to work for the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) and in the field of development , including 5 years in war-torn Mano River . In 2001 , whilst working in the African Great Lakes , she was the victim of a rebel hostage situation .
Tambajang joined the United Democratic Party ( UDP ) in April 2015 , during the Fass stand-off with security forces . Tambajang was a senior member of Coalition 2016 , the alliance of political opposition parties that supported Barrow in the 2016 presidential election , and she also served as its chair . Following President Yahya Jammeh 's defeat in the election , Tambajang declared that Jammeh would be prosecuted within a year . She also announced the creation of a national commission for asset recovery in order to reclaim what had allegedly been lost through corruption during Jammeh 's tenure . On Jammeh , she told The Guardian that `` He ca n't leave . If he leaves , he 's going to escape us . ''
Process of appointment to the Vice-Presidency
Following Barrow 's inauguration on 19 January 2017 , on 23 January it was announced that Tambajang would serve as his Vice-President . However , after her selection , it was suggested that she was constitutionally ineligible to take on the role . This was because section 62 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Constitution of the Gambia states that the Vice-President must meet the same age requirement as the President , establishing a maximum age of 65 at the time of entering the office – whereas Tambajang was reported to be 67 at the time of her selection . Following the reports , she was not sworn in immediately to the post , although she disputed the reported age – saying she was only 64 years old . Barrow challenged the public to show proof that she was above age 65 . In February , she was appointed as Minister of Women 's Affairs , with oversight of the vice-president 's office .
On 28 February 2017 , the National Assembly tried to approve a change to the constitution to eliminate the age limit . However , Halifa Sallah , the spokesman for the transitional government and an advisor to President Barrow , said that the proper procedure had not been followed for amending the constitution , and that the action needed to be revisited and such a change would take an additional several months to properly accomplish ( according to section 226 of the constitution ) .
Section 62 was amended by National Assembly of the Gambia on 25 July with the presidential age-limit being removed . Her appointment as Vice-President was confirmed by the President on 8 September and after finalization of her appointment , she was expected to be sworn-in . President Barrow announced officially appointing her as Vice-President on 9 November .
Vice-Presidency
Tambajang was awarded 'New African Woman of the Year Award ' by New African Woman Magazine in April 2017 . In March 2017 , Tambajang joined the Crans Montana African Women 's Forum Honorary Committee . During a cabinet reshuffle on 29 June 2018 , Tambajang was redeployed to the foreign service .
Personal life
Tambajang is from the Fula ethnic group and resides in Kanifing District . She is the mother of eight children .
References
1949 births
Living people
Vice-presidents of the Gambia
United Democratic Party ( Gambia ) politicians
Fula people
Age controversies
2016–2017 Gambian constitutional crisis
People from West Coast Division ( The Gambia )
21st-century Gambian women politicians
Government ministers of the Gambia
Women government ministers of the Gambia
Women 's ministers
Women vice presidents
Jeff Mattson ( born July 3 , 1958 ) is an American musician . He was raised on Long Island , NY .
Mattson is founding member of the jam band , the Zen Tricksters , and guitarist in the Donna Jean Godchaux Band with Jeff Mattson , which features the Grateful Dead 's Donna Jean Godchaux . Mattson was named the permanent lead guitarist for Dark Star Orchestra in November of 2009 . A veteran of 30 years on the road , Mattson is a guitar player whose style ranges from rock & roll to blues , bluegrass , country , jazz , folk and psychedelia . Jeff is also a strong original songwriter and his work is prominently featured on five albums , including several pieces co-written with bandmate Donna Jean . He is a co-writer of “ Leave Me Out of This , ” a track on Phil Lesh and Friends Sony CD , `` There and Back Again . '' Jeff was asked to audition for Phil Lesh & Friends in the fall of 1999 and in October 1999 . Jeff and then Zen Trickster keyboard player , Rob Barraco , played three shows with Phil Lesh and Friends at the Warfield Theater in San Francisco . 1999 .
Discography
with the Zen Tricksters
1996 The Holy Fool
1998 A Love Surreal
2003 Shaking Off the Weirdness
2006 For Rex : The Black Tie Dye Ball – The Zen Tricksters w/ Donna Godchaux , Mickey Hart , Tom Constanten , David Nelson , Michael Falzarano , Rob Barraco 2006
with Donna Jean and the Tricksters
2008 Donna Jean and the Tricksters
with Donna Jean Godchaux Band
2014 Back Around
song Leave Me Out of This , co-written with Rob Barraco
2002 Phil Lesh and Friends `` There and Back Again ''
References
External links
Jeff Mattson official website
Dark Star Orchestra official website
Zen Tricksters official website
Donna Jean Godchaux Band with Jeff Mattson official website
[ Jeff Mattson ] on Allmusic .
Jeff Mattson sits down with Ira Haberman of The Sound Podcast for a feature interview
Living people
1958 births
Guitarists from New York ( state )
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Dark Star Orchestra members
In 1976 , Salsoul Records released their eighth release , Walter Gibbons ' remix of Double Exposure 's disco song `` Ten Percent '' . `` Ten Percent '' was the first commercially available 12-inch single . Although , according to the record label , the actual title of this record is Ten Per Cent , not Ten Percent .
The 12-inch single was reserved for DJs until the release of `` Ten Percent . '' Disco had already begun to exploit the 12-inch 's allowance for higher volumes , better sound quality , and longer playing time , but no record companies had previously seen commercial value in the new format .
Production
Ken Cayre , the head of Salsoul Records , decided to sign a number of famous musicians and bands to the label , hoping to `` consolidate the success of the faceless Salsoul Orchestra '' , and Double Exposure was chosen as the newly signed band whose first release , `` Ten Percent , '' would feature the orchestra and be promoted with a 12-inch single as well as the typical seven-inch format . Walter Gibbons was a DJ , not a producer , but his innovative skills , along with his punctuality and serious nature , got Gibbons the `` Ten Percent '' assignment at Salsoul Records . One of his original techniques was `` taking two records and working them back and forth in order to extend the drum breaks , '' a technique he applied to the `` Ten Percent '' mix , which displeased the original songwriter , Allan Felder , but which was supported by Salsoul in the front-page story in which Billboard magazine covered the release . It was `` mostly an exercise in stretching the original track out , '' and Gibbons transformed it from a `` four-minute song into a nine-minute-forty-five-second-cut-and-paste roller coaster . ''
Public reaction
When Gibbons first played the `` Ten Percent '' 12 '' remix at Galaxy 21 , where he was a regular DJ . One witness said , `` It sounded so new , going backwards and forwards . It built and built like it would never stop . The dance floor just exploded . ''
Chart history
Release
Release Date : May , 1976 :
Album Jacket : 4-colors , with a center window showing the record 's label
Price : $ 2.98
Speed : 45rpm
Publicity : front-page stories in Billboard magazine and Record World
Effects on dance music
`` Ten Percent '' was a `` dancefloor stormer that radically changed the disco underground in terms of record production . '' The release `` signalled the rise of remixers '' , and the rise of the DJ .
References
External links
Mixed With Love : The Musical World Of Walter Gibbons
1976 singles
Disco songs
Songs written by Allan Felder
1976 songs
The countries which operate these consulates do not regard them as diplomatic missions to Israel or the Palestinian Authority , but as diplomatic missions to Jerusalem . The heads of these missions do not submit letters of credence to the Israeli president , PLO Chairman , or PNA president , Where the countries maintaining these consulates also have embassies to Israel , usually located in Tel Aviv , the Jerusalem-based consul is not subordinate to the ambassador in Tel Aviv ( which is the normal diplomatic usage ) but reports directly to the country 's foreign ministry .
As of 1996 , nine countries operated consulates-general in Jerusalem : Belgium , France , Italy , Greece , Spain , Sweden , Turkey , United Kingdom , United States , to which is traditionally added the Apostolic Delegation to Jerusalem . In 2019 , the US Consulate General was formally merged into the US Embassy , ending the US practice of accrediting separate missions to the Israelis and Palestinians . Most of its former responsibilities were assumed by a new Palestinian Affairs Unit inside the Embassy .
History
This very anomalous diplomatic practice is a result of the unresolved issue of the status of Jerusalem . Under the United Nations Partition Plan of 1947 , Jerusalem was to become a corpus separatum , under international control , separate from both the Jewish state and the Arab one whose creation the partition plan envisaged ; that would have logically entailed various countries having a separate diplomatic representation in Jerusalem . While the corpus separatum idea was never implemented , the status of Jerusalem remains disputed and unresolved . The international community never recognized the declaration of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital in 1949 or the annexation of East Jerusalem to Israel in 1967 . Thus the anomalous Jerusalem consulates serve as a convenient way for various countries to have a diplomatic presence in the city without recognizing such Israeli `` accomplished facts '' .
The United States maintained a consulate general in Jerusalem between 1844 and 2019 , which later become responsible for conducting relations with Palestinians living in Jerusalem , the West Bank , and the Gaza Strip . After the United States relocated its Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem in May 2018 , the United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that the Consulate General would be merged into the Embassy . In early March 2019 , the Consulate General was formally merged into the US Embassy , ending the US practice of accrediting separate missions to the Israelis and Palestinians . Most of its former responsibilities were assumed by a new Palestinian Affairs Unit inside the Embassy .
List of missions
Some of the countries with consulates-general in Jerusalem include the contacts with the Palestinian National Authority in the consulate-general responsibilities . Most of the countries with consulates-general in Jerusalem have separate embassies in Tel Aviv that are accredited to Israel .
, in East Jerusalem
, Consulate General of France in West Jerusalem
, in West Jerusalem ( listed under `` Israel '' on Ministry of Foreign Affairs website )
( Apostolic Delegation to Jerusalem and Palestine ) , in East Jerusalem
, with seats in both East and West Jerusalem
, in East Jerusalem
, in East Jerusalem
, in East Jerusalem . Its jurisdiction covers the Palestinian National Authority and the corpus separatum with the Jerusalem area .
, in East Jerusalem ; it `` provides services '' for `` Jerusalem and Palestinian territories ''
Several more countries are represented by Jerusalem-based honorary consuls . Jacobus Kann , Dutch-Jewish banker and a founder of the Zionist Movement , was the Dutch Honorary Consul in Jerusalem between 1923-1927 .
Former missions
// Germany , former German Consulate-General on 57 , Street of the Prophets in western Jerusalem ( Closed in 1939 )
( merged into the US Embassy in Jerusalem )
See also
List of diplomatic missions in Israel
List of diplomatic missions in Palestine
References
Palestine ( region ) -related lists
Israel diplomacy-related lists
Jerusalem-related lists
Sheryl Lyna Stamps Leach ( born December 31 , 1952 ) is an American children 's TV show creator and author much known for being the creator of the popular children 's show Barney & Friends . Kathy Parker and Dennis DeShazer joined her in creating the show . Leach left the show in 1998 .
Career
Leach , a former teacher , worked with Parker on the idea that would become the eventual TV show in 1987 . Originally , the star of the show was envisioned as a teddy bear , but since her toddler son sparked an interest in dinosaurs and they went to the museum in fall of that year , the character changed to a dinosaur . Leach then brought together a team who created a series of home videos called Barney and the Backyard Gang . The videos were sold directly to the public . Later , in 1991 , Connecticut Public Television employee Larry Rifkin rented a Barney video for his daughter . He liked the concept , so he spoke with Leach and other creators about putting Barney on television . In October of that year , production began on the new TV show , titled Barney & Friends , and in April 1992 , it premiered on PBS .
Leach , the daughter of Texas educators Billy and Mary ( Whitesides ) Stamps , was born in Henderson County , Texas , and raised in Dallas . A graduate of Kimball High School in Dallas , she holds a bachelor 's degree from Southern Methodist University and a master 's and honorary doctorate from Texas A & M University–Commerce .
The Smithy
In 2007 , Leach and husband , Howard Rosenfeld , founded The Smithy , a specialty retail outlet in the village of New Preston in Litchfield County , Connecticut that sources and sells local artisan foods and handicrafts and supports local farmers and makers .
When they moved to Litchfield County in 2000 , Leach and Rosenfeld were struck by the richness of the agricultural history , craftsmen , and artisans of the area . They wanted to address the pressures on local agricultural producers , many of whom were forced to abandon farms that had been in their families for generations . The mission of The Smithy was to create awareness in the community of local capabilities and the diversity of products , while supporting local farmers and makers .
The location of The Smithy was the original blacksmith shop in New Preston , and they set out to save the rustic historic building . A careful renovation was done to acknowledge the heritage of the property . Along with operating the retail shop , Leach and Rosenfeld created a community space offering workshops for different skills . Workshops include canning , quilting , composting , sewing , knitting , timber-framing , needle felting , and woodworking .
References
External links
Startup Nation - Thinking Big , Really Big : Sheryl Leach
1952 births
Living people
Barney & Friends
People from Dallas
Television producers from Texas
American women television producers
American television writers
American women television writers
Screenwriters from Texas
Itaquera is a district in the subprefecture of Itaquera of the city and prefecture of São Paulo in Brazil .
The population of the District in 2010 was 204,871 .
The name in Tupi means `` hard stone '' , `` insensitive stone '' or `` rest stone '' .
History
Settlement
The earliest references to the `` Roça Itaquera '' , located near the village of Aldeia de São Miguel , date from 1620 . At the end of the 17th century it was referred to as an outlying settlement of São Miguel , by the end of the 18th century as part of the parish of Penha and eventually a neighbourhood in the district of São Miguel Paulista . In 1920 it became an Autonomous Municipal District .
Development
The development of the area in large part followed the classic pattern of the division of large estates into plots of land for the construction of housing .
In 1837 there were only two large estates in the area , the Fazenda Caguaçú and the estate belonging to Dr. Rodrigo Pereira Barreto , also known as Sítio Caguaçu , or Caaguassu . 14 years later these estates were divided up and sold as plots for development . The developers built homes on these plots and the church of Santa Ana , named in honour of Saint Anne and giving rise to the name Vila Santana .
Fazenda Caguaçú , developed by Companhia Pastoril e Agrícola , consisted of land bounded approximately by the Rio Jacu river , the railway line , and the Rio Aricanduva river and comprising the areas known today as Vila Carmosina , Colônia Japonesa , Jardim do Carmo and Parque do Carmo . Sitio Caaguassu was divided up into 10,000 m² plots which were bought for the construction of country residences and holiday homes for prosperous individuals including the local businessman Sabbado D'Ângelo , the Baumann family and the politicians David Domingos Ferreira and Dr. Alvaro de Mendonça . Companhia Pastoril e Agrícola subsequently sold part of Fazenda Caaguassu , the Jardim do Carmo and Parque do Carmo area , to the developer Oscar Americano , who used it to construct one of the eastern São Paulo area 's first relatively densely populated , planned developments , Vila Carmosina , and a less densely planned area , Colônia Japonesa . These developments marked the start of a period of rapid population growth .
Present day Itaquera
The area has benefitted from substantial public investment and infrastructural improvements by the state and municipal authorities . Planned extensions of the Avenida Jacu Pêssego highway which passes through the area will eventually carry traffic south to the port of Santos and the industrial area of the Grande ABC conurbation ( the cities of Santo André ( A ) , São Bernardo do Campo ( B ) and São Caetano do Sul ( C ) ) and north to Guarulhos .
The main highways in the area are the Avenida Jacu Pêssego/Nova Trabalhadores , the Rua Augusto Carlos Baumann , the Avenida dos Campanellas , leading to the neighbourhood of Artur Alvim , and the Rua Virginia Ferni , linking the Cohab residential district to the eastern bypass , along with the eastern bypass itself , Avenida Radial Leste , and the Avenida Itaquera , one of eastern São Paulo 's major highways . The area is also served by Line 3 of the São Paulo Metro and Line 11 of the Metropolitan Train Company ( CPTM ) 's Expresso Leste network .
The area is becoming industrialised and commercial activity is growing . Various banks have opened branches in the area . There is a branch of the São Paulo State Government 's Poupatempo multi-service administrative agency and a shopping centre , the Shopping Metrô Itaquera , located next to the Estação Corinthians-Itaquera Metro/CPTM station . The station is named for its proximity to the Corinthians football club 's training ground , where the club has built a stadium that served as one of the venues for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
There is also a 200-seater planetarium , the Planetário do Carmo .
Obra Social Dom Bosco - Itaquera is a voluntary organisation that provides a variety of social welfare services including vocational training aimed at improving the chances of local young people finding employment .
Neighbouring areas
São Miguel Paulista and Vila Jacuí to the north .
Lajeado to the east .
José Bonifácio to the south-east .
Cidade Líder and Parque do Carmo to the south .
Artur Alvim and Ponte Rasa to the west .
References
See also
EncontraItaquera , part of the Encontra São Paulo portal
Districts of São Paulo
Charles Atger ( 18 June 1921 – 15 March 2020 ) was a French pilot . He has held the World Record for longest glider flight time since 1952 .
Biography
Atger was born on 18 June 1921 in Gréoux-les-Bains in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence region of France . His father was a naval officer , and Atger worked as a farmer on his parents ' estate growing up .
Due to health issues with his lungs , Atger 's parents forbade him from flying , but after a hunger strike and approval from a doctor , they budged . In 1938 , Atger obtained his glider pilot 's license . He passed his first degree license in 1939 , but , due to World War II , he was unable to obtain his second degree . After the end of the war , Atger returned home and began flying again in Saint-Auban and Saint-Rémy-de-Provence .
From 2 to 4 April 1952 , Atger flew 56 hours and 15 minutes over the Alpilles , breaking the world record . He was aiming for 60 hours , but fell short of this goal due to sickness . Bertrand Dauvin attempted to break this record in 1956 , but crashed after flying for 26 hours . After this , the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale banned attempting to break the record , due to the danger of the flight .
After the French government prevented him from flying due to hearing problems , Atger moved to Argentina , despite not knowing Spanish . Here , he worked as an agricultural pilot , amassing 33,600 total hours of flight time , another record . On 20 February 1993 , he returned to France and retired in his native village of Gréoux-les-Bains . Charles Atger died on 15 March 2020 at the age of 98 .
References
1921 births
2020 deaths
French aviation record holders
People from Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
Cabanes may refer to :
Places
Cabanes , Castellón , municipality in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain
Cabanes , Girona , ( also Cabanas ) , municipality in the province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain
Cabanès , Aveyron , commune in France
Cabanès , Tarn , commune in France
People
Amparo Cabanes Pecourt ( born 1938 ) , Spanish academic and politician
Augustin Cabanès ( 1862–1928 ) , French doctor and historian
José Cabanes , Genovés II ( born 1981 ) , Valencian pilota player
Paco Cabanes Pastor , Genovés I ( 1954–2021 ) , Valencian pilota player
See also
Cabanès ( disambiguation )
Cabannes ( disambiguation )
Cabana ( disambiguation )
Paracobitis molavii is a species of stone loach found in the Little Zab River in Iran and upper Sirwan ( Kurdish ) drainage [ Sirvan ( Persian ) or Diyala ( Arabic ) ] in Iran and Iraq . This species reaches a length of .
References
molavii
Fish of Asia
Fish of Iran
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Taxa named by Hamid Reza Esmaeili
Taxa named by Golnaz Sayyadzadeh
Taxa named by Matthias F. Geiger
Fish described in 2014
Janaadhipan ( ) is an Indian Malayalam-language political thriller film written and directed by Thanseer M A , and starring Hareesh Peradi , Vinu Mohan and Anil Nedumangad . The soundtrack is composed by Mejo Joseph . The film began production in January 2018 .
Cast
Hareesh Peradi as Kannur Vishwan
Vinu Mohan as Anand
Hariprashanth MG as Gunda Saleem
Anil Nedumangad as Monichan
Sunil Sukhada as Bakkar
Kottayam Pradeep as Sivadasan
Tanuja Karthika as Nadiya
Dinesh Panicker as Governor
Maala Parvathy as Kshema
Appunni Sasi as Rajan
Sreekumar as Venu Saghavu
Avinash Natarajan as Niranjan
Suresh Kurup as Suresh
Balachandran Chullikkad as Swamy
Vijayan Karanthoor as Hajiyaar
Dysp Rajkumar as DGP
Prakrithi as Arathy
Mahesh as Abdul
Rasheed as Nadiya 's father
Firoz as journalist
Sreekumar Mullasery as advocate
Renjith Govindamangalam as Ani
Alex Vallikkunnam as opposition leader
Kalyaani as Varalekshmi
Sujith A.K as villager
Arunnath Palode as villager
Jose P Raphael as villager
Harish Pengan as villager
Thampanoor Sheriff as Commissioner
Production
Janaadhipan is directed by Thanseer M A for Devi Entertainments . The film , said to be a political thriller , revolves around a few tense days in the life of a communist Chief Minister of Kerala , who is played by Hareesh Peradi . The director has confirmed that the film has no connection to any person living or dead .
Music
The music and background score of the film is done by Mejo Joseph , Stereo Mixing & Mastering done by Shiju Ediyatheril .
Track listing
References
External links
2019 films
Indian political thriller films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Henhai ( ) ( `` Sea of Woe '' or `` Sea of Regret '' ) is a 1906 novel in 10 chapters by Wu Jianren ( Wu Woyao ) . Set in the turmoil surrounding the Boxer Uprising of 1900 , the plot involves two couples , whose arranged marriages can not be completed . The husband-to-be of one couple dies from opium addiction , and his brother 's bride-to-be becomes a prostitute .
The novel was one of the best sellers of the decade and is taken to be a response to foreign-inspired attacks on traditional Chinese marriage .
Background
Wu Jianren claimed that he dashed off his 1906 novel in ten days . It became one of the most famous novels of the period . Patrick Hanan explains that Sea of Regret was Wu 's response to Stones in the Sea , a novel published a few months earlier , under the pseudonym Fu Lin . Stones in the Sea is narrated by the hero of a tragic love affair to dramatize the conflict between the traditional Chinese system of arranged marriage and the wishes of the young people involved . The story emphasizes the rights of the young people rather than their responsibilities to their families . Wu Jianren felt that this seemed to emphasize sexual passion or even lechery rather than love of parents .
Michael Egan argues that the plot determines the character and therefore the characters are subordinate to the plot , rather than the character determining the plot , as the case is in traditional novels .
References
Doar , Bruce . `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . The Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs , ISSN 0156-7365 , 01/1982 , Issue 7 , pp . 199 - 201 ( Available on JSTOR )
Hegel , Robert E. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Chinese Literature : Essays , Articles , Reviews ( CLEAR ) , ISSN 0161-9705 , 07/1983 , Volume 5 , Issue 1/2 , pp . 188 - 191
Yee , Cordell D. K. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Journal of Asian Studies , ISSN 0021-9118 , 05/1982 , Volume 41 , Issue 3 , p. 574
Notes
Further reading
Egan , Michael . `` Characterization in Sea of Woe '' in : Doleželová-Velingerová , Milena ( editor ) . The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century ( Toronto : University of Toronto Press ; January 1 , 1980 ) , , 9780802054739 .
20th-century Chinese novels
Novels by Wu Jianren
Afsar Ahmad Siddiqui ( 15 Marc 1935 to 12 October 2001 ) was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament of the now extinct Jessore-8 constituency , and also for the Jessore-5 constituency .
Birth and early life
Afsar Ahmad Siddiqui was born in the house of late Kaiser Ahmed Siddiqui in Jessore District in 15 Marc 1935 .
Career
Siddiqui was elected to parliament from Extinct Jessore-8 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 1979 and Jessore-5 15 February 1996 .
Death
Afsar Ahmad Siddiqui died on 12 October 2001 .
See also
Jatiya Sangsad
1979 Bangladeshi general election
References
External links
List of 2nd Parliament Members -Jatiya Sangsad ( In Bangla )
List of 6th Parliament Members -Jatiya Sangsad ( In Bangla )
1935 births
2001 deaths
People from Jessore District
University of Dhaka alumni
Bangladesh Nationalist Party politicians
2nd Jatiya Sangsad members
6th Jatiya Sangsad members
Jean-Pierre Bourgeot ( born 25 November 1968 in Moulins , Allier ) is a French former cyclist . He participated in four editions of the Tour de France and one Vuelta a España .
Major results
1991
1st Stage 1 Tour de Gironde
1992
1st Grand Prix Cristal Energie
2nd Circuit de Lorraine
8th Overall Peace Race
1993
4th Overall Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
1997
1st Road race , Auvergne Road Championships
References
Sportspeople from Moulins , Allier
1968 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Cyclists from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Kowr ( ) may refer to :
Kowr-e Pain , East Azerbaijan Province
See also
Kur , Iran
The white-throated redstart ( Phoenicurus schisticeps ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is found in Nepal , Bhutan , central China and far northern areas of Myanmar and Northeast India .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
References
white-throated redstart
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of China
white-throated redstart
white-throated redstart
white-throated redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Don Loren Harper is a Los Angeles-based film composer , songwriter , conductor , and arranger whose credits include films such as The Guardian , National Treasure , Training Day , Armageddon , The Rock , Twister , Broken Arrow , Assassins , and Speed . Harper composed and conducted the music for Disney 's direct-to-video releases The Lion King 1½ , Tarzan & Jane , and Atlantis : Milo 's Return . He also created the scores for the television series ' The Magnificent Seven and The Twilight Zone , and the TV movie Houdini .
Harper 's first CD , Dream and Variations , is a hybrid of jazz , Americana , rock , spirituals , blues , and bluegrass . It is a sweeping assemblage of vignettes , recorded with a 70-piece orchestra live on the Eastwood Stage at Warner Bros. in the Fall of 2006 . The production included a 32-member choir , session musician Dan Higgins on soprano saxophone , jazz pianist Russell Ferrante of The Yellowjackets , notable string players Dave Stone ( upright bass ) , Sid Page ( violin ) , and Steve Erdody ( cello ) . Trevor Rabin , composer and former member of Yes , played guitar . Dream and Variations includes the song `` End of Days '' , featuring vocals by Lisbeth Scott , which Harper and lyricist Tom Child wrote in response to the devastation of Hurricane Katrina . He has also recorded the soundtrack for Tokyo DisneySea 's version of Fantasmic , Epcot Forever , as well as a song for Rivers of Light .
Discography
Dream and Variations
References
External links
American music arrangers
American male songwriters
American male conductors ( music )
American film score composers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American conductors ( music )
American male film score composers
21st-century American male musicians
In 1972 , the United Nations General Assembly decided to institute a World Development Information Day coinciding with United Nations Day on October 24 . The General Assembly had the object of drawing the attention of world public opinion each year to development problems and the necessity of strengthening international co-operation to solve them .
The day was further recognized as the date on which the International Development Strategy for the Second Nations Development Decade was adopted in 1970 .
On May 17 , 1972 , the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) proposed measures for information dissemination and for the mobilization of public opinion relative to trade and development problems . These became known as resolution 3038 ( XXVII ) , which the UN General Assembly passed on December 19 , 1972 . This resolution called for introducing World Development Information Day to help draw the attention of people worldwide to development problems . A further aim of the event is to explain to the general public why it is necessary to strengthen international cooperation to find ways to solve these problems . The assembly also decided that the day should coincide with United Nations Day to stress the central role of development in the UN 's work . World Development Information Day was first held on October 24 , 1973 , and has been held on this date each year since then .
In recent years many events have interpreted the title of the day slightly differently . These have concentrated on the role that modern information-technologies , such as the Internet and mobile telephones free from digital divide can play in alerting people and finding solutions to problems of trade and development . One of the specific aims of World Development Information Day was to inform and motivate young people and this change may help to further this aim .
See also
World Telecommunication and Information Society Day
References
External links
Sangonet.org
Un.org
1972 in international relations
United Nations days
October observances
Rafi Hiyad al-Issawi ( born 2 March 1966 ) is an Iraqi politician who is a former finance minister and deputy prime minister . A doctor by profession , he is the fourth most senior politician from the Sunni Arab minority after former Vice President Tariq al-Hashemi , Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlak and Speaker of the Iraqi Parliament , Usama al-Nujayfi .
Early life and education
Issawi was born in Anbar in 1966 . He comes from the Albu Issa tribe . This tribe is the dominant tribe in an area of around 80 square kilometers south of the city of Fallujah , in the western province of Al-Anbar .
He trained as an orthopedic surgeon in Baghdad and Basra , before becoming the head of the Fallujah hospital . He was in that role during the Second Battle of Fallujah in November 2004 and he reported that 800 local Iraqis had died as a result of the attack . He accused the United States Army of blocking a team of eleven Iraqi ministries of health ambulances with 20 doctors from evacuating the dead and injured or helping the injured . A few months earlier he had accused the US Army of `` constantly attacking ambulances '' , saying that an ambulance driver had been killed in a September 2004 bombing aimed at the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi .
Political career
Following the December 2005 election and six months of negotiations , a `` government of national unity '' was agreed between the four main coalitions , under the leadership of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki . Issawi , a member of the Iraqi Islamic Party which was part of the main Sunni Arab Iraqi Accordance Front coalition , became minister of state for foreign affairs from 20 May 2006 . He withdrew from the government with four other ministers from the Front on 1 August 2007 , demanding that the government of Nouri al-Maliki take stronger action against Shi'ite militias . The Front rejoined the government on 19 July 2008 and Issawi was approved as deputy prime minister .
Prior to the 2010 elections , he formed his own party , the National Future Gathering , which joined the Iraqiyya coalition . He became the Finance Minister in the Al Maliki II Government which was formed on 22 December 2010 after nine months of negotiations .
In December 2011 , he started a boycott the cabinet , along with all but four of the other Iraqiyya ministers . An adviser to the Prime Minister said Issawi had been linked to al Qaeda in Iraq , although the Americans in 2010 had said that a thorough investigation of these allegations had determined that they were groundless . Issawi called for the resignation of Prime Minister Maliki , following the issuance of an arrest warrant for Vice President Tariq al-Hashemi , saying Maliki was trying to `` build a dictatorship '' .
Attacks and resignation
On 1 January 2012 , Issawi was attacked by an improvised explosive device whilst driving . The attack wounded two of his security guards and was described as an `` attempted assassination '' . On 19 December 2012 , he reported that nearly 150 of his guards and staff members had been arrested . He was also attacked on 13 January 2013 . A bomb was detonated near to his convoy . Issawi was not hurt in attack that occurred while his convoy was heading to Fallujah to meet with tribal leaders . He resigned from his position in protest against Maliki 's policies on 1 March 2013 .
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Anbar ( town )
Iraqi Islamic Party politicians
Government ministers of Iraq
People from Fallujah
Iraqi Sunni Muslims
Finance ministers of Iraq
Al-Ettifaq Sport Club ( ) is an Iraqi football team based in Al Diwaniyah , that plays in Iraq Division One .
Managerial history
Ahmed Nima
Abdul-Zahra Odeh
See also
2021–22 Iraq Division Two
References
External links
Al-Ettefaq SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
2004 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 2004
Football clubs in Al-Qādisiyyah
Selenothrips rubrocinctus , commonly known as the redbanded thrips , is a species of thrips in the family Thripidae . It was first described from the West Indies but may have originated in northern South America . It has spread to other parts of the world and now has a near pan-tropical distribution , occurring in North , Central , and South America , Africa , southern Asia , and Australasia .
Description
The adult female redbanded thrip is about in length ; the male is slightly smaller , but is seldom observed . The colour of both is black or dark brown with a reddish tinge , especially in the first three abdominal segments and the anal segments . The wings are dark . The nymphs and pupae are distinctively coloured being yellow or pale orange , with the first three abdominal segments and the tip of the abdomen being vivid red .
Life cycle
Adult female redbanded thrips live for about a month , during which time they lay up to fifty eggs which are produced by parthenogenesis . Each egg is deposited into the underside of a leaf , and covered by a drop of fluid which hardens into a protective black disc . After about four days , the eggs hatch into nymphs which have two instars . The nymphal period lasts for about nine days and is followed by two non-feeding stages , a pre-pupal and a pupal stage . The whole life cycle takes about three weeks , and there are several generations of the insect each year .
Damage
A large number of fruiting and ornamental trees act as hosts to this thrips . It is a significant pest of cacao and mango in the West Indies . The adults and nymphs insert their mouthparts into the epidermis of young leaves , killing the cells as they suck sap and causing leaf silvering or browning . The leaf margins crinkle and the leaves become distorted and covered with dark faecal pellets . In heavy infestations the leaves drop off the tree , which may become denuded . Fruit may also be attacked , developing a russet appearance with cracks developing and decay setting in .
References
Thripidae
Insects described in 1901
Insect pests of millets
Akulovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 19 as of 2002 .
Geography
Akulovskaya is located 28 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Borok is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Narratology is the study of narrative and narrative structure and the ways that these affect human perception . It is an anglicisation of French narratologie , coined by Tzvetan Todorov ( Grammaire du Décaméron , 1969 ) . Its theoretical lineage is traceable to Aristotle ( Poetics ) but modern narratology is agreed to have begun with the Russian Formalists , particularly Vladimir Propp ( Morphology of the Folktale , 1928 ) , and Mikhail Bakhtin 's theories of heteroglossia , dialogism , and the chronotope first presented in The Dialogic Imagination ( 1975 ) .
History
The origins of narratology lend to it a strong association with the structuralist quest for a formal system of useful description applicable to any narrative content , by analogy with the grammars used as a basis for parsing sentences in some forms of linguistics . This procedure does not however typify all work described as narratological today ; Percy Lubbock 's work in point of view ( The Craft of Fiction , 1921 ) offers a case in point .
In 1966 a special issue of the journal Communications proved highly influential , becoming considered a program for research into the field and even a manifesto . It included articles by Roland Barthes , Claude Brémond , Gérard Genette , Algirdas Julien Greimas , Tzvetan Todorov and others , which in turn often referred to the works of Vladimir Propp ( 1895–1970 ) .
Jonathan Culler ( 2001 ) describes narratology as comprising many strands
implicitly united in the recognition that narrative theory requires a distinction between `` story , '' a sequence of actions or events conceived as independent of their manifestation in discourse , and `` discourse , '' the discursive presentation or narration of events . '
The Russian Formalists first proposed such a distinction , employing the couplet fabula and syuzhet . A subsequent succession of alternate pairings has preserved the essential binomial impulse , e.g . histoire/discours , histoire/récit , story/plot . The Structuralist assumption that one can investigate fabula and syuzhet separately gave birth to two quite different traditions : thematic ( Propp , Bremond , Greimas , Dundes , et al . ) and modal ( Genette , Prince , et al . ) narratology . The former is mainly limited to a semiotic formalization of the sequences of the actions told , while the latter examines the manner of their telling , stressing voice , point of view , the transformation of the chronological order , rhythm , and frequency . Many authors ( Sternberg , 1993 , Ricoeur , 1984 , and Baroni , 2007 ) have insisted that thematic and modal narratology should not be looked at separately , especially when dealing with the function and interest of narrative sequence and plot .
Applications
Designating work as narratological is to some extent dependent more on the academic discipline in which it takes place than any theoretical position advanced . The approach is applicable to any narrative , and in its classic studies , vis-a-vis Propp , non-literary narratives were commonly taken up . Still , the term `` narratology '' is most typically applied to literary theory and literary criticism , as well as film theory and ( to a lesser extent ) film criticism . Atypical applications of narratological methodologies would include sociolinguistic studies of oral storytelling ( William Labov ) and in conversation analysis or discourse analysis that deal with narratives arising in the course of spontaneous verbal interaction . It also includes the study of videogames , graphic novels , the infinite canvas , and narrative sculptures linked to topology and graph theory .
However , constituent analysis of a type where narremes are considered to be the basic units of narrative structure could fall within the areas of linguistics , semiotics , or literary theory .
Narratology in new media
Digital-media theorist and professor Janet Murray theorized a shift in storytelling and narrative structure in the twentieth century as a result of scientific advancement in her 1998 book Hamlet on the Holodeck : The Future of Narrative in Cyberspace . Murray argues that narrative structures such as the multi-narrative more accurately reflected `` post-Einstein physics '' and the new perceptions of time , process , and change , than the traditional linear narrative . The unique properties of computers are better-suited for expressing these `` limitless , intersecting '' stories or `` cyberdramas . '' These cyberdramas differ from traditional forms of storytelling in that they invite the reader into the narrative experience through interactivity i.e . hypertext fiction and Web soap The Spot . Murray also controversially declared that video games – particularly role-playing games and life-simulators like The Sims , contain narrative structures or invite the users to create them . She supported this idea in her article `` Game Story to Cyberdrama '' in which she argued that stories and games share two important structures : contest and puzzles .
Electronic literature and cybertext
Development and exclusive consumption of digital devices and interactivity are key characteristics of electronic literature . This has resulted in varying narrative structures of these interactive media . Nonlinear narratives serve as the base of many interactive fictions . Sometimes used interchangeably with hypertext fiction , the reader or player plays a significant role in the creation of a unique narrative developed by the choices they make within the story-world . Stuart Moulthrop 's Victory Garden is one of the first and most studied examples of hypertext fiction , featuring 1,000 lexias and 2,800 hyperlinks .
In his book Cybertext : Perspectives on Ergodic Literature , Espen Aarseth conceived the concept of cybertext , a subcategory of ergodic literature , to explain how the medium and mechanical organization of the text affects the reader 's experience :
... when you read from a cybertext , you are constantly reminded of inaccessible strategies and paths not taken , voices not heard . Each decision will make some parts of the text more , and others less , accessible , and you may never know the exact results of your choices ; that is , exactly what you missed .
The narrative structure or game-worlds of these cybertexts are compared to a labyrinth that invites the player , a term Aarseth deems more appropriate than the reader , to play , explore and discover paths within these texts . Two kinds of labyrinths that are referenced by Aarseth are the unicursal labyrinth which holds one single , winding path that leads to a hidden center , and the multicursal labyrinth , synonymous with a maze , which is branching and complex with the path and direction chosen by the player . These concepts help to distinguish between ergodic ( unicursal ) and nonergodic literature ( multicursal ) . Some works such as Vladimir Nabokov 's Pale Fire have proven to potentially be both depending on the path the reader takes .
Theorists of Narratology
Art critic and philosopher , Arthur Danto , refers to the narrative as describing two separate events .
Narrative is also linked to language . The way a story can be manipulated by a character , or in the display of medium contributes to how a story is seen by the world .
Narratology , as defined by Shlomith Rimmon-Kenan , is a branch of narrative theory . The concept of narratology was developed mainly in France during the sixties and seventies .
Theorists have argued for a long time about the form and context of narratology . American psychologist Robert Sternburg argued that narratology is `` structuralism at variance with the idea of structure ” . This basis goes with the French-American belief that narratology is a logical perversion , meaning that it followed a course that at the time did not seem logical .
Another theorist Peter Brooks sees narrative as being designed and having intent which is what shapes the structure of a story .
Narrative theorist Roland Barthes argues that all narratives have similar structures and in every sentence , there are multiple meanings .
Barthes sees literature as `` writerly text '' which does not need a typical plot that has a beginning , middle , and end . Instead , written work `` has multiple entrances and exits . ''
Theorist Greimas agrees with other theorists by acknowledging that there is a structure in narrative and set out to find the deep structure of narrativity . However , in his findings , Greimas says that narratology can be used to describe phenomena outside of the written word and linguistics as a whole . He establishes a connection between the physical form of something and the language used to describe that something which breaks the structural code that many other theorists base their research on .
See also
Digital storytelling
Dramatica Theory of Story Structure ( software )
Focalisation
Narrative
Narrative criticism
Narrative structure
Narreme as the basic unit of structural narratology
Post-structuralism
Storytelling
Suspense
Notes
References
Phelan , James , and Peter J. Rabinowitz . A Companion to Narrative Theory . Malden : Blackwell , 2005 .
Phelan , James , and Peter J. Rabinowitz . Understanding Narrative . Columbus : Ohio State University Press , 1994 .
Phelan , James , David Herman , and Brian McHale , eds . Teaching Narrative Theory . New York : MLA Publications , 2010 .
Phelan , James , ed . Reading Narrative : Form , Ethics , Ideology . Columbus : Ohio State University Press , 1989 .
Phelan , James . Experiencing Fiction : Judgments , Progressions , and the Rhetorical Theory of Narrative . Columbus : Ohio State University Press , 2007 .
Phelan , James . Living To Tell About It : A Rhetoric and Ethics of Character Narration . Ithaca : Cornell University Press , 2005 .
Phelan , James . Narrative as Rhetoric : Technique , Audiences , Ethics , Ideology . Columbus : Ohio State University Press , 1996 .
Phelan , James . Reading People , Reading Plots : Character , Progression , and the Interpretation of Narrative . Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1989 .
External links
`` Musical Narratology '' by William Echard , review of A Theory of Musical Semiotics by Eero Tarasti , foreword by Thomas A. Sebeok .
Five Analyses of the Narrative `` I First Got Paid ''
Narrative theory bibliography ( A Bibliography of Literary Theory , Criticism and Philology )
Narratology : A Guide to the Theory of Narrative by Manfred Jahn
Narratology : The Study of Story Structure
Story-Systems
The Living Handbook of Narratology
The Narrative Act : Wittgenstein and Narratology by Henry McDonald
Choreography
Drama
Film theory
Literature
Storytelling
The Jian Seng was an 80-metre tanker and ghost ship of unknown origin that was spotted drifting 180 km south-west of Weipa , Queensland in the Gulf of Carpentaria by an Australian Coastwatch aeroplane in 2006 . The ship was found inoperable and with no crew on board and a broken tow rope , with identifying marks removed , but no signs of illegal activity or violence . The coast guard was never able to determine the ship 's origins , and scuttled it in deep waters .
Apprehension
Photographs of the ship were taken and analysed at the Australian Customs Service , which dispatched a patrol boat immediately . The Australian Customs vessel Storm Bay arrived during the night and waited until morning before launching a tender to board the vessel , which was drifting in uncharted waters . There was no sign of recent human activity found aboard , nor any signs that it had been engaged in illegal activity such as poaching or people smuggling .
A spokesman for Australian Customs addressed the news media on 24 March 2006 , stating that although they had been unable to obtain documentary evidence of its registration or origin port , materials recovered seemed to indicate the vessel was called the Jian Seng , though the name and identifying features had been painted over .
A large quantity of rice was found on board , leading the boarding party to believe the vessel had probably been used as a resupply ship for fishing boats with food and fuel in waters outside the Australian exclusive economic zone and which had broken tow and drifted to its current position . The boarding party asserted that the vessel had been adrift for an exceptionally long time before being found , and that the engines were inoperable and incapable of being restarted . They also reported that the boat was drifting slowly southwards . It had been extensively stripped , suggesting that it may have been on its way to a scrapyard when its towline broke .
The Storm Bay monitored Jian Seng for several days before a decision was made to tow it to the nearest harbour . A salvage tug towed the ship to Weipa , on Cape York , where oily water which posed an environmental hazard was removed . Since no owner of the ship could ever be located , it was towed to deep water on 21 April 2006 and scuttled .
Political implications
Chris Ellison , Minister for Justice and Customs , claimed that the detection of this vessel illustrates the effectiveness of response in detection of ships breaching Australian borders , alleging it was detected in a remote stretch of Australian waters and photographed by a Customs airplane , which returned to base with the photos whilst a vessel was immediately dispatched . This was challenged by Senator Joseph William Ludwig , claiming that the extraordinary feat was the fact that it was not intercepted earlier , when one considers how far south it had entered into the gulf . The area in which it was found is notorious for illegal Indonesian fishing vessels and for people or drug smuggling operations . Senator Ludwig alleged that Australian Customs had claimed this was a region they had specifically been targeting , and then asked how they can hope to intercept illegal fishing boats when a massive tanker was missed for such a potentially long period of time .
References
Further reading
Australian customs news release ( via Wayback Machine ) : `` Customs boards 'ghost ship ' in Gulf of Carpentaria '' , 27 March 2006
Wikinews report
http : //news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-06/30/c_13377093.htm
Ghost ship to be towed to port
BYM News Home Page
Maritime incidents in 2006
Tankers
Ships of Australia
Maritime history of Australia
Gulf of Carpentaria
Ghost ships
John Wilkins Jr. ( December 22 , 1761 – April 20 , 1816 ) was a United States Army officer who served as Quartermaster General of the United States Army from 1796 to 1802 .
Early life
John Wilkins Jr. was born on December 22 , 1761 in Donegal ( now East Donegal ) , Pennsylvania and raised in Carlisle . At age 15 the younger Wilkins enlisted for the American Revolution , and was assigned as Surgeon 's Mate of the 4th Pennsylvania Regiment . He served in the position from April 8 , 1780 until the close of the war on November 3 , 1783 . As a result of this service Wilkins earned the nickname `` Doctor '' .
After the war Wilkins became a merchant and contractor in Pennsylvania and Presque Isle , Michigan , providing supplies and equipment to the United States Army in the Northwest Territory . In 1793 Governor Thomas Mifflin appointed Wilkins as Brigadier General of the Allegheny County Militia as part of Pennsylvania 's response to the Whiskey Rebellion .
Quartermaster General
President George Washington appointed Wilkins as Quartermaster General of the United States Army in June , 1796 . In October Wilkins attempted to resign , pleading the necessity of attending to personal business . His resignation was not accepted and he continued to serve , overseeing the supplying and equipping of an expanded Army in anticipation of war with France . Although the act of March 3 , 1799 provided for a Quartermaster General with rank of major general , Wilkins was not appointed to that rank and served in the position as a civilian . The dispute with France was resolved without fighting , and Wilkins served until his position was abolished in March , 1802 as part of a downsizing of the Army through the Military Peace Establishment Act .
Later life
After leaving the Army , Wilkins returned to his business interests in Pennsylvania , including serving as President of the Pittsburgh branch of the Bank of Pennsylvania . Wilkins died in Pittsburgh on April 29 , 1816 . He was originally buried in the yard of Pittsburgh 's First Presbyterian Church , and later interred in Pittsburgh 's Homewood Cemetery .
Family
Wilkins was the son of John Wilkins Sr. ( 1733 – 1810 ) , a Captain in the American Revolution . He was the brother of Senator William Wilkins . He was the father of Judge Ross Wilkins . His nephew Wilkins F. Tannehill ( 1787-1858 ) , served as the Mayor of Nashville , Tennessee from 1825 to 1827 .
Legacy
The town of Wilkinsburg , Pennsylvania is named for General Wilkins .
References
1761 births
1816 deaths
United States Army generals
Pennsylvania militiamen in the American Revolution
People of the Whiskey Rebellion
Military personnel from Pittsburgh
Quartermasters General of the United States Army
Burials at Homewood Cemetery
People from Lancaster County , Pennsylvania
People of colonial Pennsylvania
The Premio Omenoni is a Listed flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older . It is run at Milan over a distance of 1,000 metres ( about 5 furlongs ) , and it is scheduled to take place each year in October . It was formerly contested at Group 3 level before being downgraded in 2016 .
Records
Most successful horse since 1986 ( 2 wins ) :
Arranvanna – 1992 , 1993
Leap for Joy – 1995 , 1996
Leading jockey since 1986 ( 3 wins ) :
Fabio Branca - Dagda Mor ( 2011 ) , Harlem Shake ( 2014 ) , Intense Life ( 2016 )
Leading trainer since 1986 ( 4 wins ) :
Armando Renzoni – Arranvanna ( 1992 , 1993 ) , Armando Carpio ( 1997 ) , Le Cadre Noir ( 2007 )
Winners since 1986
The 2008 running was cancelled because of a strike .
See also
List of Italian flat horse races
References
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , ,
galopp-sieger.de – Premio Omenoni .
horseracingintfed.com – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Premio Omenoni ( 2015 ) .
pedigreequery.com – Premio Omenoni – Milano San Siro .
Horse races in Italy
Open sprint category horse races
Sport in Milan
Chebo or Chabo is an ethnic group of the south West shewa zone and West Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region of south-west Ethiopia . The Chebo speak the Oromo language but originate from a Gurage ethnic groups . their religion is Ethiopia Orthodox Christianity ,
The livelihood of the Chebo-Inchini area of is described as enset ( Ethiopian banana ) , barley , and cattle .
Name
One possible explanation of the name Chebo is from the Chebe plant , Croton gratissimus ( lavender croton ) , which is normally burned during Meskel damera celebrations .
Another possible explanation is the name of the area where the Chebo people live . Parts of the south west Shewa Zone had been incorporated in Chebo and Gurage districts in the Shewa province , as it was called prior to 1995 .
Notable Chebo
Esteban Mitsou Errandonea
Notes
References
Kloos , Helmut , A. Etea , A. Degefa , H. Aga , B. Solomon , K. Abera , A. Abegaz , G. Belemo . 1987 . Illness and health behaviour in Addis Ababa and rural central Ethiopia . Soc . Sci . Med. , 25 ( 9 ) : 1003-1019 .
Kloos , Helmut , A. Adugna . 1989 . Settler migration during the 1984/85 resettlement programme in Ethiopia . Geo Journal , 19.2 : 113-127 .
Tadele , Desalegn , E. Lulekal , D. Damtie , A. Assefa . 2014 . Floristic diversity and regeneration status of woody plants in Zengena Forest , a remnant montane forest patch in northwestern Ethiopia . Journral of Forestry Research , 25 ( 2 ) : 329-336 .
External links
Vernonia leopoldi
Chebo and Gurage Awraja
Ethnic groups in Ethiopia
Cathedral Rock is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains region of New York . It is located north of Wanakena in St. Lawrence County . The fire tower on Cathedral Rock was first constructed on Tooley Pond Mountain northwest of Cranberry Lake in 1919 . The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 season and was removed by students from the New York State College of Environmental Science and Forestry at Wanakena . Reconstruction of the tower began at Cathedral Rock in the 1980s , and was completed in 2000 .
History
The fire tower on Cathedral Rock was first built on Tooley Pond Mountain . The first structure built on Tooley Pond was a wooden tower that was built by the Conservation Commission ( CC ) in 1913 . In 1919 , the CC replaced it with a Aermotor LS40 tower . The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 season .
The tower was removed from Tooley Pond Mountain by students from the New York State College of Environmental Science and Forestry at Wanakena in 1971 . Reconstruction of the tower began at Cathedral Rock in the 1980s . The cab of the tower was finished in 1999 . The windows and final restprations were complete in 2000 , and was dedicated in July 2000 .
External links
The Fire Towers of New York
References
Tourist attractions in St. Lawrence County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Mountains of St. Lawrence County , New York
The Pabst Hotel occupied the north side of 42nd Street in Manhattan , New York City , between 7th Avenue and Broadway , in Longacre Square , from 1899 to 1902 . It was demolished to make room for the new headquarters of The New York Times , for which Longacre Square was renamed Times Square .
To the Pabst Brewing Company , the hotel and its restaurants were part of a nationwide program for promoting its beer . This facility , however , conflicted not only with the Times , but also with plans for New York 's new subway system .
Pabst
In the 1890s the Pabst Brewing Company of Milwaukee embarked upon a program of acquiring restaurants and hotels—at one time controlling nine of them in Chicago , Minneapolis , San Francisco , and New York—giving the resorts its name and serving only its own products . It subleased the properties to professional facilities operators .
In New York , Pabst came to control :
the Pabst Loop Hotel in Coney Island , which opened in 1900 . It burned down in 1908 .
the Pabst Harlem Music Hall and Restaurant , which opened in September 1900 opposite the Harlem Opera House on 125th Street . It was billed as the largest restaurant in the world , seating 1,400 patrons . It became an S.H . Kress store after prohibition closed it in 1919 ; the Harlem riot of 1935 began there .
the Pabst Grand Circle Hotel and Restaurant on 58th Street , which opened in February 1903 , together with the Majestic Theatre , with which it was built . ( `` Grand Circle '' was an earlier name for Columbus Circle . ) It was demolished in 1954 and replaced by the New York Coliseum and later the Time Warner Center .
The building
Pabst itself leased the building from Charles Thorley , who built it on ground leased from Henry Dolan for five 21-year terms . Thorley leased it to the brewing company for the remainder of the first term in 1899 ; Pabst leased it to Jame B. Regan , who ran it as proprietor . It stood on the south end of the slender triangular block formed by the intersection of 7th Avenue and Broadway , the rest of which belonged to the estate of Amos R. Eno ( November 1 , 1810February 21 , 1898 ) and was occupied by an older group of five four-story brick buildings , also Eno 's , which tapered in width from south too north to fit the block .
The principal architect , Henry F. Kilburn , designed a nine-story tower with a steel frame and limestone cladding—still a new construction method at the time . Floors 3 through 9 each had five bedrooms . Construction began in October 1898 , and the opening was November 11 , 1899 . The building cost $ 225,000 and Pabst made additional improvements for $ 50,000 .
An advertisement on the back wall read : `` The 'Pabst ' / Ladies ' & Gentlemen 's Restaurant / Rathskeller / Bachelor 's Hotel . '' The building 's footprint was small , 58 feet wide by 25 feet deep , but the restaurant , on the second floor , and the rathskeller , in the basement , were not confined by the property lines . The rathskeller used space under the sidewalks , which was common and lawful , and the restaurant extended over the 42nd Street portico , which had been built on the sidewalk without authorization . This was common , too , but not lawful .
The portico
In July 1900 , The New York Times criticized city officials for allowing the illegal portico , which it called `` a gross and insolent encroachment upon a public highway '' , to remain ; however , city officials were no more inclined to move against this encroachment than any of the others . Regan was defiant ; the Times was relentless . For two years , in dozens of articles and frequent editorials , the Times informed its readers about its battle to get city officials to enforce the law by removing the portico , while the officials , according to the Times , resisted every way they could—e . g. : they claimed confusion over their legal authority ; they filed an unnecessary lawsuit against Regan and Thorley , claiming the city lacked the funds to carry out the removal ; bills were introduced in the Municipal Assembly and the State Legislature to legalize the portico , but did not become law ; and a spurious mandamus lawsuit was filed as a delaying tactic .
Some people questioned the Times motive for singling out this one violation , when there were so many others .
After many delays , a judge decided against the hotel on November 18 , 1901 . The portico , he ordered in strong words , must be removed , by the city if necessary , at the hotel 's expense . Regan and Thorley appealed , and the Times reported that although city officials could lawfully have acted on the order at once , they chose to delay , pending the outcome .
If the portico was eventually removed , it was n't reported .
The subway
New York City 's first subway lines were constructed in sections from 1900 to 1904 . The main line ran north from the City Hall under the East Side , across town under 42nd Street , north again under 7th Avenue from 43rd to 44th Street , and then under Broadway . The route therefore included a wide curve directly under the Eno property . The Subway Realty Company , an arm of the company building the subway , purchased it from Amos F. Eno ( son of Amos R. Eno ) , demolished the buildings , and excavated an opening for the work . Construction noise was loud , which must have hurt the hotel 's business .
Though the Pabst Hotel would be able to remain , on April 15 , 1902 , the subway company took possession of the entire cellar room beneath the Broadway side of the building and about half of the space beneath the sidewalk on 42nd Street , for tunnel purposes—a large part of the rathskeller and storage room . Regan and Pabst claimed this nullified the lease with Thorley .
Regan at the time was proprietor of the Woodmansten Inn , the Bronx , and arranged to become proprietor of the grand Knickerbocker Hotel , planned for the southeast corner of 42nd Street and Broadway .
On September 24 , 1902 , the Pabst Brewing Company filed suit in federal court to recover damages from Thorley .
The Times and the demolition
On August 4 , 1902 , The New York Times announced that it would give up its long-time home on Park Row near City Hall and move to a neighborhood it predicted would soon be the commercial center of the city : Longacre Square . Its publisher , Adolph S. Ochs , had purchased the former Eno ground from the Subway Realty Company and obtained a long-term lease from Charles Thorley on the ground under the Pabst . The company would build a skyscraper on the triangular block for its own occupancy .
Demolition of the hotel began November 24 , 1902 . It was the first building completely supported by a steel skeleton ever demolished . The Times reported that professional builders were keen to discover whether the structural members had begun to corrode , which might threaten the structural integrity of the building and the future of the construction method , but nothing alarming was discovered .
On April 8 , 1904 , Longacre Square was renamed Times Square . The subway , including the Times Square station , opened to the public on October 27 . The newspaper moved into its new building Sunday , January 1 , 1905 , although the building was n't quite complete .
See also
List of former hotels in Manhattan
ReferencesNotesSources '' '
External linksMuseum of the City of New York '' website , Woodmansten Inn
Defunct hotels in Manhattan
Hotels established in 1899
Pabst Brewing Company
Times Square buildings
1899 establishments in New York City
1902 disestablishments in New York ( state )
Skyscraper hotels in Manhattan
Buildings and structures demolished in 1902
Demolished buildings and structures in Manhattan
Demolished hotels in New York City
Gökhaliller is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Seben District
St. Mark 's Church , is an Anglican church in Badulla in Sri Lanka . The church is located in the central ward of Badulla Municipal Council at the junction of Mahiyangana – Badulla main road ( B36 ) . It was consecrated on 25 April 1857 by Bishop James Chapman . In April 2008 the church and the bell tower were formally recognised by the Government as an archaeological protected monument in Sri Lanka and declared as `` protected monuments '' by the acting Minister of National Heritage , Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena . The designation was formally included on 6 June 2008 in the government Gazette number 1553 .
History
Before 1857 church services were conducted in the local court house by the priest from Nuwara Eliya . On 24 February 1846 Bishop James Chapman visited Badulla and held a service in the court house which was attended by district officials and coffee planters . The next day he organised a public meeting for neighbourhood Ceylonese and Europeans to make preliminary arrangements for the construction of a church . After initiating the work of church he visited Badulla again in 1850 and 1853 . It is said that people of all religions and races in Badulla contributed to the construction of the church .
The church was finally erected by public subscription in the memory of Major Thomas William Rogers , ( the Government Agent for Badulla District ) who is said to have shot , at the very lowest estimate 1,400 wild elephants . He died on 7 June 1845 , struck by lightning at Sherwood estate in Haputale . He was buried in Nuwara Eliya , where his tomb was also struck by lightning numerous times . The church was consecrated on 25 April 1857 ( St. Mark 's day ) by Bishop Chapman .
The first vicar at the church was Rev . E. Mooyart . The twelfth vicar , from 1900 to 1925 , was Rev . William J. P. Waltham , who established the St. Mark 's missionary school at Medagama , which later became Uva College . In 1921 he built the bell tower of the church , with the money donated by church warden .
References
External links
Pictures of St. Mark Church
Anglican church buildings in Sri Lanka
Churches in Badulla District
Churches completed in 1857
Archaeological protected monuments in Badulla District
British colonial architecture in Sri Lanka
Buildings and structures in Badulla
19th-century churches in Sri Lanka
19th-century Anglican church buildings
Between the years of 1539 and 1821 , the Spanish Empire explored , colonized , and ruled over what is the state of Arizona in the United States .
Spanish Exploration
In 1539 , Fray Marcos de Niza passed through what is now southeastern Arizona in search of the Seven Cities of Cibola . In 1540 , Francisco Vázquez de Coronado explored eastern Arizona also in search of the mythical cities .
Missions
In 1691 , the Jesuit missionary , Father Eusebio Francisco Kino travelled through the Pimería Alta , establishing missions to convert the natives to Christianity . Most of the missions founded by Kino were destroyed and/or abandoned because of native American attacks . Missions continued to be established in Arizona , but at a very slow pace . In 1768 , the Spanish crown discontinued Jesuit missionary work in the Americas , and missionary work was continued under the Franciscans .
Conflict with the Natives
In the 18th century , many native tribes were attacking Spanish settlements in Arizona . To counter this , the Spanish Army built several presidios in northern New Spain . In 1751 , the native Pima people revolted against the Spanish in the Pima Revolt , and over 100 settlers were killed and most of the remaining settlers fled in fear , leaving several missions abandoned . In 1752 , Presidio San Ignacio de Tubac was built in what is now Tubac , Arizona . In 1775 , Presidio San Agustín del Tucsón was built in what is now Tucson , Arizona . Multiple battles took place at Tucson between the Spanish and the Apache . In 1776 , Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate was founded near what is now Tombstone , Arizona . Eventually , the Spanish made peace with the Apache , by giving them beef , blankets , and guns in return of them living in the establacimientos de paz ( peace camps ) . Apaches who made peace with the Spanish were referred to as Apaches de paz ( Apaches of Peace ) .
Mining and Ranching
In the late 18th century , the Spanish had made peace with the Apache , allowing the area to prosper . Mining began in the Arivaca area in search of silver and gold . The Spanish began giving large land grants in southeastern Arizona , which were turned into ranches ( ranchos ) . In 1821 , the Treaty of Córdoba was signed , ending the Mexican War of Independence and giving Mexico control over New Spain .
References
New Spain
Colonial Mexico
Colonial United States ( Spanish )
History of Catholicism in the United States
Spanish colonization of the Americas
K14RK-D , virtual channel 38 ( UHF digital channel 14 ) , is a low-powered television station licensed to Phoenix , Arizona , United States . The station is owned by Adrián Quiñones . Its transmitter is located on South Mountain .
History
The station began with an original construction permit for K69FM ( channel 69 ) , granted to Broadcasting Systems of Phoenix on August 19 , 1988 . The station was licensed on January 11 , 1990 , with city of license of South Phoenix . Early programming is unknown . In February 1991 , the station was sold to Polar Broadcasting of Arizona , a San Francisco , California-based company , who shortly thereafter applied to move the station to channel 67 and change the city of license to Phoenix . The station licensed its new facilities and its callsign was changed to K67FE in December 1992 .
In June 1996 , Polar Broadcasting sold the station to Paxson Communications ( now Ion Media Networks and the station became part of Infomall TV Network , or inTV . Paxson Communications sold the station in August 1999 to Spanish Independent Broadcasting Network , who changed the programming to Spanish independent , rebroadcasting KWHY-TV ( channel 22 ) of Los Angeles , California . The next year , needing to vacate the upper-700 MHz band ( channels 60 - 69 ) , the station applied for and was granted a permit to move to channel 53 . The station was licensed in June 2002 as K53GF . Since then , the station has dropped the KWHY-TV rebroadcast and operates as an independent station , airing mostly movies and infomercials for local car dealers .
In May 2005 , K53GF received a request to vacate channel 53 from Aloha Partners , who were winners of the FCC auction for the spectrum now occupied by channel 54 . However , with the DTV conversion still in process , there were no suitable in-core channels to which K53GF could move their analog operations . Instead , they requested to operate as a low-power digital TV station ( LPDTV ) on channel 38 and the FCC granted a construction permit in October 2005 to build LPDTV station K38IZ-D . In the meantime , Aloha Partners has not launched its proposed service to Public Safety , and K53GF remained on the air on analog channel 53 until May 2010 . Aloha Partners and its channel 54/59 spectrum were acquired on February 4 , 2008 , by AT & T Mobility .
On October 27 , 2008 , the station filed for special temporary authorization ( STA ) to continue broadcasting the analog signal until 2009 . The station began digital operation under program test authority on October 30 , 2008 .
Digital channels
The station 's digital signal is multiplexed :
Programming
K38IZ-D airs a mix of locally produced shows , public domain movies and paid programming in Spanish . On 38.2 the station broadcasts the Tuff TV network under the brand IZ Tuff , on 38.3 the station broadcasts classic 1970s/1980s music videos under the brand IZ Videos and on 38.4 the station broadcasts ZUUS Country under the brand IZ ZCTN . In April 2015 , the station added This TV programming on channel 38.5 , and became the sole affiliate when independent station KTVK ( channel 3 ) dropped This TV on April 13 . This TV was dropped on June 1 , 2017 , in favor of The Action Channel .
From February 2 , 2009 – January 21 , 2012 , the station broadcast public domain movies in English on 38.2 under the brand IZ Classics , and on 38.4 the station broadcast religious programming and music videos under the brand IZ Hope .
References
External links
38IZ-D
Independent television stations in the United States
Low-power television stations in the United States
Retro TV affiliates
Rev'n affiliates
Kim Darrell Andrew ( born November 14 , 1953 in Glendale , California ) is a former second baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox in the season . He batted and threw right-handed . After his short career in the Major Leagues , Andrew later played for Bollate , a professional baseball team in Milan , Italy for the 1977 season .
Andrew grew up in the greater Los Angeles area , where his mother is credited as having encouraged him to pursue various athletic competition . While attending James Monroe High School he played shortstop and right field , but when drafted by the Dodgers , he was switched to second base . However , he did not sign with the Dodgers when they offered him only $ 5,000 . He instead signed with the Orioles in 1972 as an amateur free agent just weeks before the draft . He was selected by the Red Sox from the Orioles in the Rule 5 Draft on December 2 , 1974 . He later appeared in two major league games for the Red Sox early in the season , on April 16 and 21 . Andrew hit 1-for-2 for a .500 average in those two game played .
References
External links
Baseball Almanac
Retrosheet
1953 births
Boston Red Sox players
Living people
Major League Baseball second basemen
Baseball players from California
Lewiston Broncs players
Miami Orioles players
Asheville Orioles players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Bristol Red Sox players
Rhode Island Red Sox players
Rochester Red Wings players
American expatriate baseball players in Italy
John McIvor `` Jack '' Hamilton ( June 2 , 1925 – March 20 , 1994 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player who played 102 games in the National Hockey League between 1943 and 1946 . The rest of his career , which lasted from 1941 to 1958 , was spent in various minor leagues .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
1925 births
1994 deaths
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
New Westminster Royals players
Ontario Hockey Association Senior A League ( 1890–1979 ) players
People from Quinte West
Pittsburgh Hornets players
Providence Reds players
Shawinigan-Falls Cataracts ( QSHL ) players
St. Louis Flyers players
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Young Rangers players
Troy Bruins players
Dinoponera mutica is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Description
Dinoponera mutica workers can be identified by their smooth and shiny integument with a bluish luster , a rounded pronotal corner lacking a tooth-like process , gular striations on the ventral surface of the head , long and flagellate pubescence , scape length longer than head width and petiole with even dorsal corners .
Males are unknown .
Distribution
Dinoponera mutica is found in central South America in the Brazilian states of Rondônia , Mato Grosso , Goias and Mato Grosso do Sul , in eastern Bolivia and northwest Paraguay .
Taxonomy
Dinoponera quadriceps is the species closest to Dinoponera mutica in terms of morphological characters . Dinoponera quadriceps has a finely micro-sculptured integument which is not shiny , lacks gular striations and has a petiole which bulges on the dorso-anterior edge . Dinoponera longipes and Dinoponera hispida may also be confused with Dinoponera mutica but this species lacks the dense golden pubescence of the former , or the short , stiff setae and forward bulging petiole of the latter .
References
Ponerinae
Insects described in 1901
Hymenoptera of South America
The orange-breasted thornbird ( Phacellodomus ferrugineigula ) , also known as the red-eyed thornbird , is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in forest and woodland , especially near water , in southeastern Brazil and adjacent northern Uruguay .
It was formerly considered a subspecies of P. erythropthalmus , but under the common name red-eyed thornbird . When split , P. erythropthalmus is known as the orange-eyed thornbird . Unlike that species , the orange-breasted thornbird has dark reddish-brown eyes , extensive rufous to the underparts , a relatively large rufous crown-patch , and dark central rectrices ( which contrast with the rufous outer rectrices ) . The two also have different voices and are locally sympatric in São Paulo without evidence of interbreeding .
References
External links
orange-breasted thornbird
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the South Region
orange-breasted thornbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Victoria River is a locality in the Northern Territory of Australia located about south of the territory capital of Darwin and about south of the municipal seat in Katherine .
The locality consists of the following land ( from west to east ) – the Humbert River pastoral lease , land described as NT Portion 1568 , the Wambardi Aboriginal Land Trust , the Victoria River Downs pastoral lease , the Camfield pastoral lease , the Montejinni West pastoral lease , the Killarney pastoral lease , the Montejinni East pastoral lease , the Dungowan pastoral lease and the Birrimba pastoral lease . The locality fully surrounds the locality of Yarralin and the community of Pigeonhole and the town of Top Springs . It has an area of .
The locality 's boundaries and name were gazetted on 4 April 2007 . Its name is derived from the river of the same name which flows through the locality from the south to the north and which was named in 1839 by Captains Wickham and Stokes of HMS Beagle after Queen Victoria , the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
The Buchanan Highway passes through the locality from the Stuart Highway in the east to the Victoria Highway in the north-west . The Buntine Highway passes through the locality from the south to the north and meets the Buchanan Highway at Top Springs .
Victoria River includes the following sites that have been listed on the Northern Territory Heritage Register : the Bullock Creek Fossil Site , Jasper Gorge and the Murranji Track including the following five sites associated with the track and which have been separately registered - Murranji Track , Jump-Up Cairn , Murranji Track , No . 12 Bore , Murranji Track , No . 13 Bore , Murranji Track , No . 14 ( Pussycat ) Bore Dipyard and Murranji Track , Surveyor Well 's Cairn .
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Victoria River had 152 people living within its boundaries .
Victoria River is located within the federal division of Lingiari , the territory electoral division of Stuart and the local government area of the Victoria Daly Region .
References
Notes
Citations
Populated places in the Northern Territory
Victoria Daly Region
Nikolai Iosifovich Rattel ( ; December 3 , 1875 – March 3 , 1939 ) was a Russian general , Soviet military leader , a participant in the Russian-Japanese war , First World War and Russian Civil War .
Biography
In 1893 he graduated from Nizhny Novgorod Cadet Corps . In 1896 he studied at the Pavel Military School . He joined the Life Guards Lithuanian Regiment of the Imperial Guard and promoted to lieutenant ( seniority since August 12 , 1896 ) . Poruchik since August 12 , 1900 , in 1902 he graduated from the Nikolaev Academy of the General Staff for the first class ; The camp gathering was serving in the Warsaw Military District . In 1904 he was a commander in the 122nd Tambov Infantry Regiment .
Russo-Japanese war
In February–March 1904 he served as the chief officer for office work and assignments in the management of military communications of the Manchurian army . Since March 30 , 1904 he was the chief officer for special assignments at the headquarters of the Eastern detachment in the Far East . Since April 21 , was at the disposal of the commander of the Manchurian army .
Since December 21 , 1904 he served as a staff officer for assignments with the chief of military communications under the Commander-in-Chief in the Far East . On August 17 , 1905 he was promoted to the head of the movement of troops of the main section of the Chinese Eastern Railway . On April 2 , 1906 was promoted to Podpolkovnik . Since March 3 , 1906 - the head of the movement of troops on the railways and waterways of the Sino-Eastern region . Since October 28 , 1907 was at the disposal of the head of the Zamurskaya railway brigade .
From May to September 1908 he served as a commander of the battalion in the 1st Siberian Rifle Regiment . Since September 18 , 1911 - the head of the movement of troops of the Kharkov region . On December 6 , 1911 was promoted to colonel . From May 20 to September 18 , 1912 served at the Artillery School .
First World War
Since July 25 , 1914 he was headquarters officer for office work and instructions of the Chief of Military Communications under the Supreme Commander-in-Chief . Since May 1 , 1915 - commander of the 12th Infantry Regiment of the Velikiye Lutsk . In early 1916 he was promoted to Major general . From June 2 , 1916 - Quartermaster-General of the headquarters of the Southwestern Front , since August 7 , 1917 - quartermaster-general of the headquarters of the Western Front . Since September 10 , 1917 - the chief of military reports of the theater of military operations .
Civil War
In 1918 he joined the Red Army . Since March 1918 - the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces in the Supreme Military Council of the Republic . From July 1918 he was Chief of Staff of the Supreme Military Council . After dismissal due to illness , the chairman of the council , Mikhail Dmitriyevich Bonch-Bruyevich , temporarily served as the chief of staff . From September 1918 he was head of the Field Staff of the Revolutionary Military Council of the Republic and from October 1918 head of the All-Russian Staff .
He participated in planning of the operations of the Eastern , Southern , Western and South-Eastern fronts of the Civil War . He was engaged in the organization of universal military training system and pre-conscription training of workers . He participated in the expansion of the network of Soviet military schools as well as the creation of uniforms for the Red Army . Since June 17 , 1920 he was a member of the Special Conference at the Commander in Chief and Chairman of the Military Legislative Council of the Revolutionary Military Council of the Republic . From July 15 , 1919 to August 7 , 1920 - in the lists of the Headquarters of the Red Army .
In 1919 he supported the initiative of General Davletshin ( ru ) on the formation of the eastern branch at the Academy of the General Staff of the Red Army . Since 1922 he was at the disposal of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Republic , then - in the Central Office of Military Communications . From 1923 to March 1924 he worked as the head of the Administrative and Economic Department of the OGPU .
Downfall and death
In 1925 he was dismissed ( reserve RKKA ) and went to work in the national economy . He was the manager of a number of economic associations ( Glavzoloto , Glavtsvetmetzoloto and others ) , the head of the technical library `` Giprotsvetmetobrabotki . '' He lived in Moscow ( Vorobyevskoye Shosse , 47a , block 1 ) .
On March 13 , 1930 he was arrested by the OGPU on charges in connection with an overseas anti-Soviet organization . At the interrogations , he categorically denied any hostile activity against the Soviet authorities , and on May 25 the case against him was terminated . On July 28 , 1938 he was again arrested . On March 2 , 1939 the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR sentenced him to death on the charges of participation in a counter-revolutionary terrorist organization . He was shot on March 3 , 1939 and is buried at Kommunarka shooting ground . He was posthumously rehabilitated on November 10 , 1956 .
References
Imperial Russian Army generals
Soviet generals
Military personnel of the Russian Empire
Russian military personnel of World War I
Russian people executed by the Soviet Union
People of the Russian Civil War
Russian military personnel of the Russo-Japanese War
1875 births
1939 deaths
Great Purge victims from Russia
Voice acting is the art of performing voice-overs to present a character or provide information to an audience . Performers are called voice actors/actresses , voice artists , dubbing artists , voice talent , voice-over artists , or voice-over talent . Voice acting is recognised as a specialized dramatic profession in the United Kingdom , primarily due to BBC broadcasts of radio drama production .
Examples of voice work include animated , off-stage , off-screen or non-visible characters in various works such as feature films , dubbed foreign-language films , animated films , anime , television shows , video games , cartoons , documentaries , commercials , audiobooks , radio dramas and comedies , amusement rides , theater productions , puppet shows and audio games . Voice actors are also heard through pre-recorded and automated announcements that are a part of everyday modern life in areas such as shops , elevators , waiting rooms and public transport . The role of a voice actor may involve singing , most often when playing a fictional character , although a separate performer is sometimes enlisted as the character 's singing voice .
Types
Character voices
The voices for animated characters are provided by voice actors . For live-action productions , voice acting often involves reading the parts of computer programs , radio dispatchers or other characters who never actually appear on screen . With an audio drama , there is more freedom because there is no need to match a dub to the original actor or animated character . Producers and agencies are often on the lookout for many styles of voices , such as booming voices for more dramatic productions or cute , young-sounding voices for trendier markets . Some voices sound like regular , natural , everyday people ; all of these voices have their place in the voiceover world , provided they are used correctly and in the right context .
Narration
In the context of voice acting , narration is the use of spoken commentary to convey a story to an audience . A narrator is a personal character or a non-personal voice that the creator of the story develops to deliver information about the plot to the audience . The voice actor who plays the narrator is responsible for performing the scripted lines assigned to them . In traditional literary narratives ( such as novels , short stories , and memoirs ) narration is a required story element ; in other types of ( chiefly non-literary ) narratives ( such as plays , television shows , video games , and films ) narration is optional .
Commercial
One of the most common uses for voice acting is within commercial advertising . The voice actor is hired to voice a message associated with the advertisement . This has different sub-genres such as television , radio , film , and online advertising . The sub-genres are all different styles in their own right . For example , television commercials tend to be voiced with a narrow , flat inflection pattern ( or prosody pattern ) whereas radio commercials , especially local ones , tend to be voiced with a very wide inflection pattern in an almost over-the-top style . Marketers and advertisers use voice-overs in radio , TV , online adverts , and more ; total advertising spend in the UK was forecast to be £21.8 billion in 2017 . Voice-over used in commercial adverts is also the only area of voice acting where `` de-breathing '' is used . This means artificially removing breaths from the recorded voice , and is done to stop the audience being distracted in any way from the commercial message that is being put across .
Translation
Dub localization is the practice of voice-over translation , in which voice actors alter a foreign-language film or television series . Voice-over translation is an audiovisual translation technique , in which , unlike in Dub localization , actor voices are recorded over the original audio track , which can be heard in the background . This method of translation is most often used in documentaries and news reports to translate words of foreign-language interviewees .
Automated dialogue replacement
Automated dialogue replacement ( ADR ) is the process of re-recording dialogue by the original actor after the filming process to improve audio quality or reflect dialogue changes , also known as `` looping '' or a `` looping session '' . ADR is also used to change original lines recorded on set to clarify context , improve diction or timing , or to replace an accented vocal performance . In the UK , it is also called `` post-synchronization '' or `` post-sync '' .
Automated announcements
Voice artists are also used to record the individual sample fragments played back by a computer in an automated announcement . At its simplest , each recording consists of a short phrase which is played back when necessary , such as the `` mind the gap '' announcement introduced on the London Underground in 1969 , which is currently voiced by Emma Clarke . In a more complicated system , such as a speaking clock , the announcement is re-assembled from fragments such as `` minutes past '' , `` eighteen '' , and `` p.m. '' For example , the word `` twelve '' can be used for both `` Twelve O'Clock '' and `` Six Twelve '' . Automated announcements can also include on-hold messages on phone systems and location-specific announcements in tourist attractions .
AI-generated and AI-modified voices
Software to modify and generate human voices has become popular in the 21st century . AI startup Dessa created a computer-generated Joe Rogan 's voice using thousands of hours of his podcast audio , while Ubisoft used speech synthesis to give thousands of characters distinguished voices in the video game Watch Dogs : Legion , and Google announced in 2020 their solution to generate human-like speech from text .
Voice acting by country
United States
In movie trailers and television and radio commercials , voice actors are often recruited through voice acting agencies . Mel Blanc , June Foray , Daws Butler , Don Messick , Phil Harris , Paul Winchell , Dan Castellaneta , Bill Farmer , Jim Cummings , Frank Welker , Mary Kay Bergman , Billy West , Jeff Bennett , Dee Bradley Baker , Grey DeLisle , Rob Paulsen , Tress MacNeille , Jason Marsden , Jessica DiCicco , Pamela Adlon , Kath Soucie , and others have made careers in this field .
United Kingdom
The UK banned broadcasting of the voices of people linked to violence in Northern Ireland from 1988 to 1994 , but television producers circumvented this by simply having voice actors dub over synchronized footage of the people who had been banned .
Japan
occupations include performing roles in anime , audio dramas , and video games ; performing voice-overs for dubs of non-Japanese movies ; and providing narration to documentaries and similar programs . Japan has approximately 130 voice acting schools and troupes of voice actors who usually work for a specific broadcast company or talent agency . They often attract their own appreciators and fans , who watch shows specifically to hear their favorite performer . Many Japanese voice actors frequently branch into music , often singing the opening or closing themes of shows in which they star , or become involved in non-animated side projects such as audio dramas ( involving the same characters in new storylines ) or image songs ( songs sung in character that are not included in the anime but which further develop the character ) .
Brazil
Most of the films in the theaters are dubbed in Portuguese , and most Brazilians tend to prefer watching movies in their native language . Many voice actors are also dubbing directors and translators . To become a voice actor in Brazil , one needs to be a professional actor and attend dubbing courses . Some celebrities in Brazil have also done voice acting .
Iran
Voice acting in Iran is divided into three categories . Voice over Persian films , voice over Iranian animations , and dubbing of films and animations related to other countries ( in non-Persian language )
In the first category , due to the lack of facilities for simultaneous recording of sound while filming a film , the voice actors spoke instead of the film actors . Although this type of voice is related to years ago and now with the increase of facilities , it is possible to record the voice of the actors at the same time , but even today , sometimes the voice of the voice actors is used instead of the main actor .
The tail of the voice is on Iranian animations , and like in other parts of the world , voice actors speak instead of animated characters .
But most of the activities of Iranian voice actors are in the field of dubbing foreign films . In this case , the main language of the film is translated into Persian , and the dubbing director compiles the sentences according to the atmosphere of the film and the movement of the actors 'mouths and other such cases , and finally the voice actors play roles instead of the actors ' voices .
Voice acting in video games
Actors often lend their voices to characters in games and some have made a career of it across many of the main game-manufacturing countries , mostly the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , and Japan . Their names have sometimes been linked to a particular character they have voiced .
Notable video game voice actors include Maaya Sakamoto ( the Japanese version of Lightning in Final Fantasy XIII ) , Tatsuhisa Suzuki ( Noctis Lucis Caelum in Final Fantasy XV ) , Miyu Irino ( the Japanese version of Sora in the Kingdom Hearts series ) , David Hayter ( Solid Snake and Big Boss in the Metal Gear series ) , Steve Downes and Jen Taylor ( Master Chief and Cortana in the Halo series ) , Nolan North ( Nathan Drake in the Uncharted series and Desmond Miles in the Assassin 's Creed series ) , Troy Baker ( Joel in The Last of Us series ) and Charles Martinet ( Mario , Luigi , Wario , and Waluigi in Nintendo 's Mario franchise ) .
Other actors more linked with film or television acting have also voiced video game characters , such as Ray Liotta ( Tommy Vercetti in Grand Theft Auto : Vice City and Billy Handsome in Call of Duty : Black Ops II ) , Michael Dorn ( various characters in World of Warcraft and Gatatog Uvenk in Mass Effect 2 ) , Kaili Vernoff ( Miranda Cowan in Grand Theft Auto V and Susan Grimshaw in Red Dead Redemption 2 ) , Ashley Johnson ( Ellie in The Last of Us series ) , Kristen Bell ( Lucy Stillman in the first three mainline entries in the Assassin 's Creed franchise ) and Kelsey Grammer ( Sideshow Bob in The Simpsons Game ) .
See also
National Audio Theatre Festival
Adventures in Voice Acting
The Magic Behind the Voices
I Know That Voice
Voice over
Dubbing ( filmmaking )
References
Voice actors
Acting
Entertainment occupations
The Stars in Their Eyes European Championships 2002 was the second and last special European Soundmix Show .
Like the show from 2001 , this one was held in Manchester . The competition was divided on two shows . It was produced by Granada Television and ITV . The show was mainly made for the British audience , and was not aired on television in all the competing countries . The debutant Ireland won the competition with Rebecca O'Connor imitating Tina Turner .
European Soundmix Show
Singing talent shows
2002 in music
2002 in British music
Panmure railway station may refer to :
Panmure railway station , Auckland , on the Eastern Line of the Auckland railway network in New Zealand
Panmure railway station , Victoria , closed 1981 , on the Warrnambool line in Australia
Ravenstein is a town in the Neckar-Odenwald district , in Baden-Württemberg , Germany . It is situated 19 km northwest of Künzelsau , and 35 km northeast of Heilbronn .
References
Neckar-Odenwald-Kreis
Robert Leon Wilkie Jr. ( born August 2 , 1962 ) is an American lawyer and government official who served as the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from 2018 to 2021 , during the Trump administration . He was previously Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness during the Trump administration , from November 2017 to July 2018 . Naval intelligence in the Reserve , he was Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs in the administration of President George W. Bush .
Early life and education
Wilkie was born in Frankfurt , West Germany , and attended Salisbury Cathedral School in England , and Reid Ross High School in Fayetteville , North Carolina . The son of a career Army artillery officer , he grew up in Fort Bragg , North Carolina .
Wilkie received his B.A . degree from Wake Forest University in North Carolina . He received a J.D . degree from Loyola University School of Law in New Orleans in 1988 and an LL.M . degree in International and Comparative Law from Georgetown University Law Center in Washington , D.C .
Wilkie served in the United States Navy Reserve ; he is currently in the United States Air Force Reserve , where he holds the rank of Colonel .
Career
Congressional staffer and George W. Bush administration official
Wilkie was a longtime Republican congressional staffer . He began his career on Capitol Hill as counsel to Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina , and later became legislative director for Representative David Funderburk . As a top aide to Helms , Wilkie defended the senator 's often-polarizing views .
In 1996 , Wilkie unsuccessfully sought for the Republican nomination in North Carolina 's 7th congressional district . He was later the executive director of the North Carolina Republican Party at a time Helms was in a contentious reelection fight against Democratic challenger Harvey Gantt . Wilkie defended a pro-Helms mailer that was criticized as racially charged . In 1996 , Wilkie also criticized Gantt for having `` openly courted money from the homosexual community . ''
Wilkie then returned to Capitol Hill as counsel and advisor on international security affairs to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott from 1997 to 2003 . In that role , Wilkie led negotiations on the post-September 11 authorization for the use of military force and worked to defeat U.S. ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty . After Lott was ousted as Senate majority leader in 2003 for praising the segregationist presidential campaign of Senator Strom Thurmond in 1948 , Wilkie defended Lott 's remarks .
From 2003 to 2005 , in the George W. Bush administration , Wilkie was special assistant to the President for national security affairs and a senior director of the National Security Council . He was a senior policy advisor to then-National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice as well as her successor , Stephen Hadley . He later moved to the Pentagon , where in 2007 , as assistant secretary of defense for legislative affairs , Wilkie authored a memo outlining guidelines that limited which Defense Department personnel could testify to Congress . Wilkie memo directed that only highest-ranking officers and presidentially appointed civilians could offer congressional testimony , barring all field-grade officers and enlisted personnel from testifying . Critics of the guidelines argued that they could impede investigations of the Iraq War , and that the Pentagon had no authority to set such rules . ( The memo did not impact congressional subpoenas , in which Congress can compel any individual to appear ) .
Wilkie received the Defense Distinguished Public Service Medal , the highest civilian award of the Department .
Private sector and return to congressional staff
From 2010 to 2015 , Wilkie was vice president for strategic programs for CH2M Hill , an engineering company . According to his official biography , he worked on reform of Britain 's Ministry of Defence supply and logistics system .
From 2015 to 2017 , Wilkie was a senior advisor to U.S . Senator Thom Tillis .
In 2019 , after the resignation of Jim Mattis , Wilkie lobbied to the Trump White House for an appointment as Secretary of Defense , but was not chosen by President Trump .
Trump administration
Wilkie worked on the Donald Trump 's presidential transition team . President Trump nominated Wilkie to the post of Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness in July 2017 . The Senate confirmed the nomination by unanimous consent on November 16 , 2017 .
On March 28 , 2018 , Trump announced via Twitter that Wilkie would serve as interim Secretary of Veterans Affairs until the Senate confirmed a successor . President Trump nominated Ronny Jackson to be VA secretary , but on May 18 , 2018 , after Jackson 's nomination was withdrawn , President Trump nominated Wilkie to the position . On July 23 , 2018 , Wilkie 's nomination as VA secretary was confirmed by the Senate by an 86–9 vote . He was sworn in on July 30 , 2018 .
In March 2020 , the Trump White House appointed Wilkie to White House Coronavirus Task Force .
VA inspector general investigation and report
The VA Office of Inspector General ( IG ) determined that Wilkie and his senior staff sought to discredit a woman who reported sexual assaulted by a contractor at the D.C. Medical Center ( the flagship VA hospital in Washington , D.C. ) and impugn her credibility . The woman , a U.S. Navy veteran and an aide to the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee , made the report in the fall of 2019 ; prosecutors declined to file sexual assault charges .
Wilkie and his senior staff openly questioned the veterans ' account and suggested that her report was politically motivated . In February 2020 , Wilkie abruptly fired James Byrne from his position of deputy secretary of veterans affairs . The dismissal was a surprise because Bryne had been popular among veterans ' groups and was seen as a loyalist to Wilkie . Wilkie provided little reasoning for the decision , suggesting only that Byrne `` who was not jelling with other members of the team . '' Byrne later said he was fired because he declined to participate in an effort by Wilkie to smear the woman , telling Stars & Stripes , `` I 've gotten crossways with Wilkie over the [ sexual assault ] matter by refusing to trash this woman . ''
In a 68-page report issued in December 2020 , VA IG Michael Missal determined that `` The tone set by Secretary Wilkie was at minimum unprofessional and at worst provided the basis for VA leaders ' attempts to undermine the veteran 's credibility '' and concluded that `` Using denigrating remarks and questioning the credibility of a veteran who reported being sexually assaulted , and then failing to fully explore the facts , is ... contrary to the ongoing missions of improving VA and of serving the veteran community with respect . '' The IG did not substantiate an allegation that Wilkie had accessed the complainant 's military and electronic health records , or asked others to do so , in an attempt to `` dig up dirt '' on her . Wilkie and his two top press aides gave an interview to the investigators from the VA IG 's Office , but refused to sit for follow-up interviews . The IG informed the Justice Department of possible criminal conduct by Wilkie ( specifically relating to interference into the assault investigation and perjury during testimony to investigators ) ; the IG did not make a formal criminal referral , and the Justice Department did not charge Wilkie with a crime , reportedly believing the evidence was insufficient . Wilkie denied all wrongdoing .
After the issuance of the IG report in December 2020 , the heads of six major veterans organizations ( the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , Disabled American Veterans , AMVETS , Vietnam Veterans of America , and Paralyzed Veterans of America ) called upon President Trump to fire Wilkie from his post . The New York Times editorial board also called for Wilkie to be dismissed .
Pro-Confederate speeches
In a 1995 speech at the U.S. Capitol , Wilkie called Confederate President Jefferson Davis a `` martyr to 'The Lost Cause ' '' and an `` exceptional man in an exceptional age '' ; in a pro-Confederate event in 2009 , Wilkie spoke about Robert E. Lee to the Sons of Confederate Veterans ( SCV ) . He also called abolitionists who opposed slavery `` radical '' , `` mendacious '' , and `` enemies of liberty '' , and stated that the Confederate `` cause was honorable , '' while also condemning slavery as `` a stain on our story as it is a stain on every civilization in history '' . Wilkie is a former member of the SCV and its Confederate Memorial Committee , having been listed as a member at least through 2010 ; In June 2018 , a Defense Department spokesperson said that Wilkie no longer considered himself a member of the group .
During Wilkie 's confirmation hearings to be VA secretary , he gave inaccurate answers to Senators regarding the dates of his speaking to Confederate groups . In sworn statements to the Senate as part of the nomination questionnaire , he failed to include his membership in the SCV and omitted his event speeches from responses asking for details on them .
Swastikas on grave markers
In 2020 , the Military Religious Freedom Foundation demanded VA remove three headstones in two VA cemeteries ( Fort Sam Houston in Texas and Fort Douglas Post in Utah ) that mark the graves of World War II German prisoners of war . The three gravestones at issue featured the Nazi swastikas , the Iron Cross , and tributes to Adolf Hitler ( `` He died far from his home for the Führer , people and fatherland. '' ) . After coming under pressure from Congress to remove the headstones from the national cemeteries , Wilkie initially declined to do so , suggesting that `` erasing these headstones removes them from memory '' ; that `` divisive historical figures or events '' should be recognized ; and that removal would require a lengthy process under the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 . Amid continued pressure , Wilkie reversed himself , and VA quietly removed the grave markers in 2020 .
Personal life
He is married to Julia Wilkie , whom he has known since childhood .
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
|-
1962 births
American lawyers
George W. Bush administration personnel
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Living people
People educated at Salisbury Cathedral School
People from Fort Bragg , North Carolina
Trump administration cabinet members
United States Air Force officers
United States Air Force reservists
United States Assistant Secretaries of Defense
United States Navy officers
United States Navy reservists
United States Secretaries of Veterans Affairs
United States Under Secretaries of Defense
Virginia Republicans
United States congressional aides
Wake Forest University alumni
Kaposvár ( ; also known by other alternative names ) is a city with county rights in the southwestern part of Hungary , south of Lake Balaton . It is one of the leading cities of Transdanubia , the capital of Somogy County , and the seat of the Kaposvár District and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaposvár .
Etymology and names
The name Kaposvár is derived from the Hungarian words kapu ( gate ) and vár ( castle ) . Variants of the city 's name include Ruppertsburg / Ruppertsberg / Kopisch ( German ) , Kapoşvar ( Turkish ) , Rupertgrad ( Slovene ) , and Kapošvar ( Croatian ) .
Symbols
The shield of Kaposvár features a castle with a rounded arch port surmounted by three battlements with loopholes on a hill of green grass . The flag of Kaposvár consists of the coat of arms placed over a yellow background .
Geography
Kaposvár is surrounded by the hills of the outer Somogy area around the Kapos river and the forests of Zselic . It lies southwest of Budapest .
Historically , Kaposvár was a crossroads for trade which arrived by the Kapos river . The river also posed a hazard to the river valley region , and flood defense mechanisms were constructed to reduce the threat . Today , the city is a growing junction for railways and other transportation , such as the European Railway line from Budapest towards the Mediterranean Sea .
History
Pre-Hungarian conquest
According to legend , the area of Kaposvár has been inhabited since around 5,000 BCE and the city itself was founded on seven hills . By around 400 BCE , Celtic tribes populated most of the area . From around 9 AD to 433 AD , it was a part of the Roman province of Pannonia . After the Roman withdrawal , tribes of Germans , Illyrians , and other groups inhabited the area . By 900 AD , there were Slavic and German villages in the area .
Middle Ages
The name of the settlement was first recorded in 1009 as Kapos in Saint Stephen 's memorandum of association , which established the borders of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pécs . In 1061 , Atha , the lord lieutenant of Somogy , founded a Benedictine monastery in the settlement . The first castle in Kapos was built in the 1200s by King Béla IV in response to the Mongol invasion of Hungary .
Ottoman Rule
In the decades after the Battle of Mohács , Ottoman troops of Suleiman occupied the area , capturing the city 's castle in September 1555 after a five day siege . The Ottomans occupied the city for 131 years , using it as a military camp and small administrative center . In 1686 , Habsburg troops reconquered the castle , city , and its surrounding area from the Ottomans .
Habsburg Rule
At the beginning of the 18th century , the city entered into a period of decline . The castle of Kapos was razed by the Habsburgs in 1702 , and the remaining structures were destroyed in Rákóczi 's War of Independence .
The Esterházy family was responsible in part for the reconstruction and resettlement of the city . Kaposvár gained the right to hold markets in 1703 , the first school was built in 1715 , and a new church was built in 1748 . In 1749 , it was designated as the county seat and since then it has been the chief town of its county . Between 1710 and 1780 , the population of the city doubled .
In the 1800s , Kaposvár developed into an industrial hub , in part because of its location on the railway line between Buda and Zagreb . Also during the 19th century , new medical and cultural institutions were founded in the city such as a pharmacy , general hospital , and county library . The city center also developed during this period , with the construction of the county hall and town hall .
Hungarian Revolution
The citizens of Kaposvár supported the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , and the city rose up against the Habsburgs . The city was initially occupied by the Habsburgs , but the insurrectionists eventually took control . The sheriff of Kaposvár , Gáspár Noszlopy , led a territorial army and took control of Somogy County for three months . However , the independence movement failed and the city again fell under foreign rule .
Austro-Hungarian Rule
Under Austro-Hungarian rule , Kaposvár continued to grow and develop . The Donner district was established on the south side of the Kapos river , and a newspaper and casino were established in 1866 . In 1872 , a rail line was finished which ran through the city , as opposed to previous lines which only reached its outskirts .
By the turn of the 20th century , numerous industrial companies were based in the city , including a large sugar factory and grain processing plant . The city shifted from agricultural production , and its urban area grew . The first planned city development was constructed while István Németh was mayor of the city from 1895 to 1911 .
The cultural portfolio of the city grew at this time as well . The Somogyi Hírlap , its first daily newspaper , was first issued in April 1904 . In September 1911 , a new theater opened , which was the largest and most modern theater in Hungary at the time . Additionally , film prospered in the city , and three cinemas were opened in the first decade of the 1900s .
20th century
During World War I , Kaposvár experienced hardship , and strikes and left wing ideas gained traction in the city . During the period of Revolutions and interventions from 1918 to 1920 , agricultural associations were formed and industrial plants were socialized . However , the revolution ultimately failed and the city again fell into recession .
In the 1930s , Kaposvár transitioned from an industrial city to a commercial and administrative center . When World War II reached the city , almost one thousand inhabitants were killed or disappeared . In March 1944 , German soldiers entered the city and deported its Jewish population . In December 1944 , Soviet troops captured the city .
After World War II , Kaposvár was able to recover quickly because the war did not cause much infrastructural destruction . New political parties formed , such as the Communist Party and Country Party . Under Communist rule , socialist industrialization commenced , with a new textile factory , meat plant , and electrical site . However , much of the small industry in the city disappeared . In 1956 , Kaposvár joined the Hungarian revolution against the Soviets , but on 4 November Soviet tanks put down the insurrection in the city .
After the 1956 revolution , the city 's administrative border grew , and it incorporated several neighboring municipalities including Kaposszentjakab in 1950 , Kaposfüred and Toponár in 1970 , and Töröcske in 1973 .
Tourism
Kaposvár is home to numerous tourist sites , including :
Cathedral of Kaposvár
Csiky Gergely Theatre - one of the biggest theatres in Hungary
Ruins of Zselicszentjakab Abbey ( Romanesque and Gothic )
Stadion Kaposvár Rákóczi
University of Kaposvár
Lake Deseda
Demographics
Kaposvár is the most populous city in Somogy County and the second most populous city in Southern Transdanubia after Pécs .
The majority of its population is Hungarian ( 85.6 % ) according to the 2011 census . The largest minority ethnic group is the Roma ( 2.2 % ) , the second largest are the Germans ( 1.1 % ) and third are the Croats ( 0.2 % ) .
Religious affiliation of the citizens show a significant Roman Catholic ( 44.7 % ) and Greek Catholic ( 0.2 % ) and considerable Calvinist ( 5.4 % ) and Lutheran ( 1.5 % ) communities . 18.1 % are Non-religious .
Economy
Kaposvár is still an industrial city and is home to companies such as the Austrian house construction company Wolf System , the Hungarian agricultural company KITE and the Turkish textile producer Metyx .
Politics
The current mayor of Kaposvár is Károly Szita ( Fidesz-KDNP ) .
The local Municipal Assembly , elected at the 2019 local government elections , is made up of 18 members ( 1 Mayor , 12 Individual constituencies MEPs and 5 Compensation List MEPs ) divided into these political parties and alliances :
Sports
Kaposvár is a `` National City of Sport '' in Hungary . The most popular sports in the city are football , volleyball , and basketball . The most popular sports team in the city is Kaposvári Rákóczi FC who play in the Stadion Kaposvár Rákóczi .
Notable residents
Twin Towns – Sister Cities
Kaposvár is twinned with :
Bath , England , United Kingdom
Cần Thơ , Vietnam
Darkhan , Mongolia
Glinde , Germany
Koprivnica , Croatia
Miercurea Ciuc , Romania
Rauma , Finland
Saint-Sébastien-sur-Loire , France
Schio , Italy
Tver , Russia
Üsküdar , Turkey
Partnerships
Kaposvár also cooperates with :
Cixi , China
Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Villach , Austria
Gallery
See also
University of Kaposvár
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaposvár
Csiky Gergely Theatre
Lake Deseda
References
Notes
External links
in Hungarian and English
Tourist Information
Kaposfest
Youth Football Festival
Aerial photography : Kaposvár
Slide show with music
Video of the city centre
Populated places in Somogy County
County seats in Hungary
Cities with county rights of Hungary
History of Somogy
Grosso mogul , also Il grosso mogul , or capitalised [ Il ] Grosso Mogul ( [ The ] Great Moghul ) , RV 208 , is a violin concerto in D major by Antonio Vivaldi . The concerto , in three movements , is an early work by the Venetian composer . Around the mid-1710s Johann Sebastian Bach transcribed the concerto for organ , BWV 594 , in C major . A simplified version of the violin concerto , RV 208a , without the elaborated cadenzas that appear in manuscript versions of RV 208 , and with a different middle movement , was published around 1720 in Amsterdam as concerto # 11 of Vivaldi 's Op . 7 .
History
Vivaldi 's violin concerto in D major , RV 208 , survives in three manuscripts :
Vivaldi 's autograph score , conserved in Turin .
A copy of the parts , conserved in the in Schwerin .
Another copy of the parts conserved in Cividale del Friuli .
The Grosso Mogul title appears on the Schwerin manuscript , which was written before 1717 . According to Michael Talbot , the name of the concerto can possibly be linked to Domenico Lalli 's Il gran Mogol opera libretto , a setting of which had been presented in Naples in 1713 . Later settings of this libretto include Giovanni Porta 's , staged in Venice in 1717 , and Vivaldi 's RV 697 ( 1730 ) .
The Schwerin and Cividale del Friuli copies of the concerto contain two variants of extended cadenzas for unaccompanied violin , in the first and last movements of the concerto . The autograph version indicates where such cadenzas can be inserted in these movements , but does not contain the cadenzas . A manuscript with the written-out cadenzas must have been circulating before when Bach transcribed such version for solo organ ( BWV 594 ) .
An earlier version of the concerto , RV 208a , was probably composed by . This version has a different middle movement than the RV 208 version . Vivaldi seems to have had no supervision over the Op . 7 collection , published around 1720 in Amsterdam by the Roger firm , in which the older RV 208a version of the concerto was retained . This version of the concerto does not contain the extended cadenzas , nor an indication where such cadenzas could be inserted .
Movements
The concerto has been transmitted in a version for violin soloist , strings ( two violin parts and one viola part ) , and basso continuo . It has three movements :
Allegro , , D major
Recitative : Grave , , B minor – this movement is performed by the violin soloist exclusively accompanied by the thoroughbass .
Allegro , , D major
First movement
The first movement , in D Major is in Ritornello form . The first solo episode consists of sixteenth notes , with double stops on every beat .
Second movement
The second movement , in B Minor is for the solo violin and basso continuo . There are strange rhythms , like improvisation .
Third movement
The third movement , in D Major , is in Ritornello form , and is the most virtuosic of the 3 movements .
Reception
References
Sources
External links
Concerto III in C Major ( BWV 594 ) for Flute & Strings • Vivaldi Concerto for Violin in D RV208a : Scores at MuseScore website
Concertos by Antonio Vivaldi
The 1919 Boston College football team represented Boston College an independent during the 1919 college football season . Led by first-year head coach Frank Cavanaugh , Boston College compiled a record of 5–3 .
Schedule
References
Boston College
Boston College Eagles football seasons
Boston College football
1910s in Boston
The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs , or ASD ( LA ) , is the head of the Office of the Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs , responsible for providing support to the Secretary of Defense ( SecDef ) in his/her dealings with the United States Congress . In addition to serving as SecDef 's legislative adviser , the ASD ( LA ) promotes the Department of Defense 's strategy , legislative priorities , policies , and budget before Congress . In carrying out these responsibilities , the ASD ( LA ) directs a team of managers , action officers , and support personnel who help direct , monitor and manage communications and activities between Congress and elements of the Department of Defense . The ASD ( LA ) is considered a part of the Office of the Secretary of Defense .
History
This office was established as Special Assistant ( Legal , Legislative , and Public Affairs ) upon the creation of the National Military Establishment in 1947 ( the NME was renamed the Department of Defense in 1949 ) . This was one of three special assistants to the first Secretary of Defense .
The post was retitled Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Legal and Legislative Affairs ) in August 1949 based on amendments to the National Security Act ( P.L . 81-216 ) that authorized three Assistant Secretaries of Defense .
The position was abolished in 1953 , with its functions divided and transferred to the General Counsel and the Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Legislative and Public Affairs ) , new posts established as the result of DoD Reorganization Plan No . 6 ( June 1953 ) and Defense Directive 5122.1 ( September 1953 ) .
This position was abolished again in 1957 , with its functions divided and transferred to Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Public Affairs ) and Assistant to the Secretary of Defense ( Legislative Affairs ) , new posts established by Defense Directive 5105.13 ( August 1957 ) .
Since 1957 , the responsibilities of this position have stayed mostly constant , but the title has changed between Assistant Secretary of Defense and Assistant to the Secretary of Defense five times , largely because the Secretary of Defense has historically been authorized a limited number of assistant secretaries . The position was given statutory standing as the Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Legislative Affairs ) by the National Defense Authorization Act for FY1994 ( P.L . 103-160 ) , passed November 30 , 1993 .
Office holders
The table below includes both the various titles of this post over time , and all the holders of those offices .
Budget
Budget totals
The annual budget for the ASD ( LA ) is contained in the OSD 's budget , under the Defense-Wide Operation and Maintenance ( O & M ) account . The Obama administration cut funding for this position by over 37 % in FY12 .
Notes
References
Kaoh Nheaek ( , ) is a district ( srok ) in Mondulkiri Province , Cambodia .
References
Districts of Mondulkiri province
KORAL is a land-based transportable electronic warfare system developed to jam and deceive hostile radars of enemy nations .
It is designed and manufactured by Aselsan , a Turkish corporation that produces electronic systems for the Turkish Armed Forces . It was developed under the Land Based Stand-off Jammer System project which started in 2009 .
KORAL System supports the Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses ( SEAD ) operations by building information dominance and providing fast response time in a challenging environment . KORAL is composed of Electronic Support and Electronic Attack System
each mounted on an 8×8 tactical truck . Operation
Control Unit ( OCU ) is in compliance with NATO standards and also supports
NBC ( nuclear , biological , chemical ) protection .
Features
One operational unit includes four Koral Electronic Support Systems ( ED ) and one Electronic Attack System ( ET ) , each mounted on an 8x8 truck .
Can search , intercept , analyse , classify , and locate the direction of multiple conventional and complex types of radar signals .
Ability to jam , deceive , and paralyse hostile radars .
Operating range of 200 km .
Operational history
Syria
Professor Fahrettin Altun , the director of communications for the Turkish presidency , confirmed that the
Aselsan Koral electronic warfare system played an important role in Operation Spring Shield in 2020 .
Libya
On 4 July 2020 , Libyan National Army ( LNA ) affiliated fighter jets attacked Al-Watiya Air Base in western Libya . LNA forces airstrikes destroyed Government of National Accord ( GNA ) defenses including MIM-23 Hawk , and claimed a KORAL Electronic Warfare System destroyed . stationed in the base . Turkish officials stated that the attack could have been perpetrated by UAE Air Force Dassault Mirage aircraft . Russian military sources added that the attack was carried out by Dassault Mirage 2000 aircraft .
Operators
- 5 units received by the Turkish Air Force and deployed on the Turkish-Syrian Border in 2016
Morocco - Aselsan signed an agreement with Morocco to deliver unknown quantity of Koral EW systems .
References
Aselsan products
Electronic warfare equipment
The Return of the Herd is an oil on wood painting by Pieter Bruegel in 1565 . The painting is one in a series of six works ( High Springtime is presumed lost ) that depict different seasons . The painting is currently in the collection of the Kunsthistorisches Museum , located in Vienna , Austria . The autumnal colors of the landscape and the bare trees connect this particular painting to October/November .
The surviving Months of the Year cycle are :
References
The Return of the Herd at Kunsthistorisches Museum website ( in German )
External links
Pieter Bruegel the Elder : Drawings and Prints , a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art , which includes material on The Return of the Herd
1565 paintings
Cattle in art
Paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder
Paintings in the collection of the Kunsthistorisches Museum
Horses in art
Forth Dimension Displays ( ForthDD ) is a British optoelectronics company based in Dalgety Bay , Fife , United Kingdom .
Company overview
Founded in 1998 as Micropix and known later than CRL Opto and CRLO Displays , ForthDD makes high resolution microdisplays and spatial light modulators ( SLM ) . The microdisplays are used in near-to-eye ( NTE ) applications for the military training and simulation , medical imagery , virtual reality and high definition image processing industries . The SLMs are used for structured light projection in 3D optical metrology and 3D super resolution microscopy . Headquartered in Dalgety Bay , Scotland , ForthDD also operates sales offices in the United States , Germany and Japan , and a customer support office in Germany . Previously funded by venture capitalists , in January 2011 ForthDD was acquired by Kopin Corporation , a NASDAQ listed company based in Taunton , Massachusetts , USA .
Technology
ForthDD 's microdisplays and SLMs are based on a proprietary , high-speed , ferroelectric liquid crystal on silicon ( LCOS ) platform , protected by a number of patents . For the generation of colour and greyscale , ForthDD 's microdisplays use a process called Time Domain Imaging ( TDI™ ) . This process involves rendering the red , green and blue colour components which make up an image sequentially over time at high speed . This happens so fast that the human visual system integrates the components into a single , full colour image . This enables the microdisplays to use the same pixel mirror for all three colour components , and avoids the artifacts associated with sub-pixels .
LCOS Technology History
The first LCOS device originated in 1973 , followed by a development of a liquid-crystal light valve ten years later . It was not until 1993 , that a microdisplay with a resolution sufficient for use as a display was reported by DisplayTech ( now Citizen Finedevices ) . It was capable of full red–green–blue image generation , enabled by the use of a fast-switching ferroelectric liquid crystal .
During the early part of the 21st century , many microdisplay manufacturers focused on applying the technology to rear-projection-based high-definition television ( HDTV ) systems . However , due to developments in the manufacturing process of large-panel Liquid Crystal Display Televisions ( LCD TVs ) and resulting drops in the cost of components , LCD based TVs matured into the more popular consumer choice . By late 2007 almost all microdisplay Rear Projection Television ( RPTV ) manufacturers had withdrawn their TVs from production .
As a result , a number of microdisplay manufacturers either disappeared completely or started working on other technologies . Some companies diversified , whilst others concentrated on a niche market instead .
Products
ForthDD is a supplier of microdisplays for Near-To-Eye ( NTE ) applications and spatial light modulators for fringe projection systems .
ForthDD supplies full colour , all digital QXGA ( 2048 × 1536 ) , SXGA ( 1280 × 1024 ) and WXGA ( 1280 × 768 ) microdisplays . These products are available as chipsets and board level based products .
Applications
ForthDD 's microdisplays are typically used in the following application areas : Training and Virtual Environments , Medical Systems and Electronic Viewfinders ( EVFs ) . Later system developments have allowed ForthDD to enter markets such as 3D Optical Metrology and , using phase modulation , Super-resolution microscopy .
Training and Virtual Environments
ForthDD 's microdisplays can be found in various training and simulation applications across military and civilian environments within devices such as virtual binoculars , monocular viewers and most commonly , immersive HMDs ( for example , in NVIS HMDs ) . By using HMDs to immerse the user in the virtual 3D environment , different scenarios , which may be too dangerous or expensive to replicate in the real world , can be explored .
Medical systems
Microdisplays can be used in high-end medical/surgical microscopes in order to either replace the optical image or overlay data on the image ( e.g . an MRI scan ) . When combined with a microdisplay the microscope becomes a more powerful tool and permits users to navigate the desired surface in real time with a very high degree of accuracy . Other medical applications include viewing systems such as endoscopes .
Film and Television
ForthDD 's microdisplays are used in Electronic Viewfinders ( EVFs ) for HD digital cinema cameras . ARRI uses ForthDD 's technology in its EVFs .
3D Optical Metrology
ForthDD 's microdisplays are used for fringe projection and confocal inspection in non-contact surface quality inspection systems ( for example , in Sensofar products ) .
References
External links
Forth Dimension Displays
Display technology
Liquid crystal displays
Companies based in Fife
Companies established in 1998
Sexual Assault Training for Judges in Canada is a mandatory sexual assault training for federal judges under the Canadian federal and provincial governments as response to recent events and a growing amount of media attention . Federally , Bill C-337 was introduced by Rona Ambrose , former interim Conservative leader , in 2017 as a response to national outrage against Robin Camp , an Alberta judge who resigned from the Federal Court in 2018 after allegations of mishandling a sexual assault case heard in his court .
Certain Canadian provinces , like Prince Edward Island have also adopted legislative initiatives to introduce mandatory sexual assault training for provincial judges . There have also been non-governmental efforts to spread the prevalence sexual assault education to Canadian judges .
History
Canadian studies conducted on sexual assault allegations found that incidences of sexual assault are consistently under-reported , under-investigated , and under-convicted . Data reported that one in five sexual assault allegations in Canada are dismissed by Canadian law enforcement as unfounded . Findings from the 2014 General Social Survey on Victimization find that 83 % of sexual assaults remain unreported , and that those participating in the survey cited distrust of the police , the court , and the criminal justice system as barriers to reporting . In 2014/2015 , less than half of all sexual assault trials resulted in a conviction , and of those convictions , 57 % resulted in a custodial sentence , and 18 % resulted in probation .
In Canada , criticisms that judges re-victimize complainants by relying on stereotypes and rape myths during criminal proceedings and decisions have led to calls for judges to become more thoroughly informed and trained on how to proceed in such trials .
Current policies
Canadian Federal Government
Bill C-337 , An Act to amend the Judges Act and the Criminal Code , also known as the Judicial Accountability through Sexual Assault Law Training Act or the JUST Act , was proposed in February 2017 by Ambrose as an attempt to improve public confidence in the Canadian criminal justice system . Although the bill passed unanimously in the House of Commons in 2017 , it died on the floor of the Senate in 2019 as the Senate retired before the 2019 federal election . As Bill C-337 was a private members bill , other governmental bills took precedent .
Bill C-337 intended to amend the Judges Act in order to ensure those judges selected for judicial appointment had previously completed sexual assault law and social context education . Furthermore , it ensured that judges would be held accountable for their actions , mandating that the Canadian Judicial Council regularly reported on education seminars and that judges provided rational for their decisions on sexual assault cases . Although the bill did not pass in 2019 , the Liberal , Conservative , NDP and Green parties have all committed to supporting the re-introduction of the bill as a government bill in the new Senate session .
Prince Edward Island
In Prince Edward Island , Bill 110 , the Mandatory Sexual Assault Law Education Act , was introduced and subsequently passed . This amendment prohibits judges who have not completed recent and comprehensive sexual assault education from appointment as lawyers . In an effort to increase transparency , this law also mandated that plans for this sexual assault education are available to the public . This bill was introduced by Conservative MLA Jamie Fox . It received Royal Assent on December 5 , 2018 .
Non-Governmental Efforts
The National Judicial Institute has introduced a week-long course , provided to all Supreme Court justices who have begun placements within the last five years . This course is meant to deal with the social and legal aspects of a criminal trial focusing on sexual assault allegations . The National Judicial Institute is an independent body that consistently supplies education to judges across Canada .
References
Sexual violence in North America
Law of Canada
Hawke 's Bay Motor Co Ltd v Russell [ 1972 ] NZLR 542 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding liability in negligence , and the legal concept of res ipsa loquitur
Background
A bus owned by Hawkes Bay Motor Company was struck on a bend in a road by a car driven on the wrong side of the road by Russell . They later sued Russell for the cost of the damage , to which Russell successfully defended on the basis that he had blacked out due to a medical condition .
HBMC appealed that under res ipsa loquitur , that due to the facts here , the onus of proof should be of Russell to prove the medical condition .
Held
The court ruled that this doctrine did not apply here .
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
1972 in case law
1972 in New Zealand law
New Zealand tort case law
Purple Rain is a 1984 American rock musical drama film scored by and starring Prince in his acting debut . Developed to showcase his talents , it contains several concert sequences , featuring Prince and his band The Revolution . The film is directed by Albert Magnoli , who later became Prince 's manager , from a screenplay by Magnoli and William Blinn . The cast also features Apollonia Kotero , Morris Day , Olga Karlatos and Clarence Williams III .
Principal photography took place almost entirely in Minneapolis : the film features many local landmarks , including the Crystal Court of the IDS Center and the First Avenue nightclub , which was paid $ 100,000 for the club being used during filming ; it was closed for 25 days . Also some of the scenes of First Avenue were shot at The Wiltern in Los Angeles .
Purple Rain grossed over $ 72 million worldwide , against its $ 7.2 million budget . The film won an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score . Publications and critics have regarded Purple Rain as one of the greatest musical films . In 2019 , the film was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry for being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Purple Rain was supported with its soundtrack album of the same name , which featured two US chart-topping singles , `` When Doves Cry '' and `` Let 's Go Crazy '' , as well as the number-two hit `` Purple Rain '' . The soundtrack is certified 13× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) and has sold over 25 million copies worldwide .
Plot
The Kid is the talented but troubled frontman of his Minneapolis-based band , The Revolution . To escape his difficult home life—his father verbally and physically abuses him and his mother—he spends his days rehearsing and his nights performing at the First Avenue nightclub . The Revolution , the flashy Morris Day and his group The Time , and Dez Dickerson and his group The Modernaires hold the nightclub 's three house band slots . Morris , aware that The Revolution 's guitarist Wendy and keyboardist Lisa are frustrated that The Kid is unwilling to play their compositions , lobbies Billy Sparks , the club 's owner , to replace The Revolution with a girl group which Morris is already forming .
He targets the Kid 's girlfriend Apollonia—an aspiring singer and new arrival in Minneapolis—to lead his group , and tries to persuade her that The Kid is too self-centered to help her . She eventually joins Morris 's group , which Morris names Apollonia 6 . When she reveals her newfound partnership to the Kid , he becomes furious and slaps her , as his father had struck him earlier .
At the club , The Kid responds to the internal band strife , the pressure to draw more crowds , and his strained private life with the uncomfortably personal `` Darling Nikki '' . His performance publicly humiliates Apollonia , who runs off in tears , and angers both Morris and Billy , worsening his situation . Billy confronts the Kid , castigating him for bringing his personal life onto the stage and warning him that he is wasting his musical talent as his father did . Apollonia 6 successfully debuts , and Billy warns the Kid that his First Avenue slot is at risk .
The Kid seizes Apollonia from a drunken Morris and the two argue and fight ; Apollonia then abandons him . Returning home , he finds the house in tatters , with his mother nowhere to be found . When he turns on the basement light , his father—who had been lurking in the basement with a loaded handgun—shoots himself in the head . Frenzied after a night of torment , the Kid tears apart the basement to release his frustration , only to find a large box of his father 's musical compositions . The next morning , the Kid picks up a cassette tape of one of Wendy and Lisa 's compositions , a rhythm track named `` Slow Groove '' , and begins to compose .
That night at First Avenue , all is quiet in The Revolution 's dressing room until The Time stops by to taunt the Kid about his family life . Once on stage , the Kid announces that he will be playing `` a song the girls in the band wrote '' , dedicated to his father—revealed to be `` Purple Rain '' . As the emotional song ends , the Kid rushes from the stage and out the back door of the club , intending to ride away on his motorcycle . However , before he can mount it , he realizes that his new song has thrilled the crowd .
The Kid returns to the club , with his fellow musicians greeting him with approval and a teary-eyed Apollonia embracing him . The Kid returns to the stage for two encores with The Revolution , to the wild approval of the crowd ( even Morris ) ; overlaid scenes show the Kid visiting his father and mother in the hospital and sorting his father 's compositions in the basement , accompanied by Apollonia . A montage of all the songs plays as the credits roll .
Cast
Prince as The Kid
Apollonia Kotero as Apollonia
Morris E. Day as himself
Olga Karlatos as Mother
Clarence Williams III as Father , a.k.a . `` Francis L . ''
Jerome Benton as Jerome
Billy Sparks as Billy
Jill Jones as Jill
Dez Dickerson as Dez
Wendy Melvoin as Wendy
Lisa Coleman as Lisa
The Revolution as themselves
The Time as themselves
Apollonia 6 as themselves
Production
Development
After the success of his album 1999 , Prince confronted his then-manager Robert Cavallo and told him he would not renew his contract with him unless he got to star in a studio film . Every studio they had met with rejected the premise of a musician-led film , leading Cavallo to produce the film himself . David Geffen and Richard Pryor were among those who passed on the film . Prince spent months writing down the basic plot points of the film . Impressed with his work on Fame , Cavallo commissioned William Blinn to write the script . Blinn 's original script , titled Dreams , was much darker .
Reckless director James Foley was offered to direct the film , but was not interested and instead passed it on to his editor Albert Magnoli , who disliked Blinn 's script for lacking `` truth '' , and was then hired to direct and edit after delivering a pitch on the spot to Cavallo . Allegedly during the first meeting with Warner Bros. , the studio executives asked Cavallo if John Travolta could replace Prince as the film 's lead .
Prince intended to cast Vanity , leader of the girl group Vanity 6 , but she left the group before filming began . Her role was initially offered to Jennifer Beals ( who turned it down because she wanted to concentrate on college ) before going to Apollonia Kotero , who was then virtually unknown . Prince had seen her appearance on the February 1983 episode of Tales of the Gold Monkey , in which she played a saucy island girl ( inspired by Jamie Muller , the only person who Prince trusted to cut the grass of his Minnesota home at the time of filming ) who was sleeping with a German man of the cloth . Excluding Prince and his onscreen parents , almost every character in the movie is named after the actor who plays him or her . Kotero was the last to audition and caught the eye of Magnoli . Kotero had no background in singing and was doubled by Lisa Coleman in her vocals on `` Take Me With U '' .
After the character change from Vanity to Apollonia , the script was drastically revised , and many dark scenes were cut . Some of these scenes include Prince and Apollonia having sex in a barn ( a concept which was the story behind the 1985 song `` Raspberry Beret '' ) ; Prince going to Apollonia 6 's rehearsal and physically fighting with the members of The Time ; and a scene which featured Prince 's mother talking to him about her shaky relationship with his father . In addition , many scenes such as the `` Lake Minnetonka '' scene , Apollonia first meeting Morris , and the railyard scene were cut down because of time constraints . Many clips from these scenes were featured , however , in the trailer for the movie as well as the `` When Doves Cry '' and `` Let 's Go Crazy '' montage . Prince required the other musicians in the film to take acting classes prior to filming . Morris Day was supposedly kicked out of the classes for `` clowning around '' .
Filming
Principal photography began on October 31 , 1983 , in Minneapolis , Minnesota and spanned 42 days . The film features many local landmarks , including the Crystal Court of the IDS Center ( also shown in segments of the opening credits to The Mary Tyler Moore Show ) and the First Avenue nightclub , which was paid $ 100,000 for usage during filming and was closed for 25 days . According to Alan Leeds , several days of shooting were altered due to Day refusing to show up to set due to a rivalry with Prince .
The Huntington Hotel , where Apollonia stayed , is located on Main Street in downtown Los Angeles . In the film , it is supposed to be across the street from First Avenue . In the film , Prince rides a customized Hondamatic Honda CM400A motorcycle .
During production , Magnoli asked Prince to write one more song that touched on the themes of the film . The following day , Prince already had the song , `` When Doves Cry '' , fully produced .
Although Warner Bros. considered the film `` outrageous '' at the time , it was accepted for distribution after an internal debate . Music industry publicist Howard Bloom had advocated for the film to be released and said that `` killing Purple Rain would be a sin against art ! `` .
Music
The film is tied into the album of the same name , which spawned two chart-topping singles , `` When Doves Cry '' and the opening number `` Let 's Go Crazy '' , as well as `` Purple Rain '' , which reached number two . The film won an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score . The soundtrack sold over 15 million copies in America alone , and 25 million worldwide . The film also coincided with spin-off albums by The Time ( Ice Cream Castle ) and Apollonia 6 ( their self-titled album ) .
`` Let 's Go Crazy '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` Jungle Love '' – The Time
`` Take Me with U '' – Prince and the Revolution featuring Apollonia
`` Modernaire '' – Dez Dickerson and the Modernaires
`` Possessed '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` The Beautiful Ones '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` God ( Love Theme from Purple Rain ) '' – Prince
`` When Doves Cry '' – Prince
“ Father 's Song ” - Prince
`` Computer Blue '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` Darling Nikki '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` Sex Shooter '' – Apollonia 6
`` The Bird '' – The Time
`` Purple Rain '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` I Would Die 4 U '' – Prince and the Revolution
`` Baby I 'm a Star '' – Prince and the Revolution
Release
Purple Rain was released on July 27 , 1984 , by Warner Bros. Pictures .
Home media
Warner Home Video first released Purple Rain on video in 1984 while the film was still in theaters . At the time it was one of the first major releases to be sold at the lower listed price of $ 29.95 in the United States . It shipped 435,000 units . It was released on DVD in 1999 . The film was first released on Blu-ray on July 24 , 2007 and was released on Blu-ray again with a new remaster on October 4 , 2016 , as part of the Prince Movie Collection .
Reception
Box office
The film was commercially successful , grossing $ 68,392,977 in the United States .
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has a 70 % rating based on 56 reviews , with an average rating of 6.39/10 . The website 's critical consensus reads : `` Purple Rain makes for undeniably uneven cinema , but it 's held together by its star 's singular charisma – not to mention a slew of classic songs . '' On Metacritic , it has a score of 55 out of 100 based on 14 reviews , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' . Prince famously said after the movie opened that he had a nightmare that Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel hated the movie and tore it apart on their TV show ; in fact , both critics loved Purple Rain and put it on their Top 10 lists of the best films in 1984 .
Accolades
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists :
2004 : AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Songs :
`` Let 's Go Crazy '' – Nominated
2006 : AFI 's Greatest Movie Musicals – Nominated
Legacy
Purple Rain is the only feature film that Prince starred in but did not direct . A standalone sequel , Graffiti Bridge , was released in 1990 .
After Prince 's death on April 21 , 2016 , MTV aired the film following a music video marathon . VH1 also showed the movie the same night , as well as throughout the next couple of days .
Theater chains AMC and Carmike held tribute screenings of the film at a limited number of theaters the following week , from April 27 to May 1 , 2016 .
A Tuareg-language homage to the film , entitled Akounak Tedalat Taha Tazoughai , which translates as `` Rain the Color of Blue with a Little Red In It '' , was released in 2015 and stars the Nigerien guitarist Mdou Moctar . Eminem 's feature film , 8 Mile , which is loosely based on his life , also is often compared to Purple Rain .
Eight months before his death , Prince purchased the house of “ The Kid ” in Minneapolis . Located on Snelling Avenue in the Longfellow community , it was used for exterior scenes in the movie . The house , which the Prince estate owns , is a popular tourist destination for fans of the film .
References
External links
Prince ( musician )
1984 films
1980s musical drama films
American neo-noir films
American musical drama films
American rock music films
American rock musicals
1980s English-language films
Films about interracial romance
Films about musical groups
Films directed by Albert Magnoli
Films that won the Best Original Score Academy Award
Films set in Minnesota
Films shot in Minnesota
Warner Bros. films
Films about domestic violence
Films scored by Michel Colombier
United States National Film Registry films
1984 directorial debut films
1984 drama films
Films set in Minneapolis
1980s American films
Events from the year 1794 in Great Britain .
Incumbents
Monarch – George III
Prime Minister – William Pitt the Younger ( Tory )
Foreign Secretary – Lord Grenville
Parliament – 17th
Events
12 March – rebuilt Theatre Royal , Drury Lane opens in London .
23 March – British troops capture Martinique from the French .
19 April – Britain signs a treaty of alliance with Prussia and the Netherlands against France .
21 April – British troops seize Guadeloupe but the French regain control on 7 June .
8 May – Robert Burns ' song Scots Wha Hae published in the Morning Chronicle .
9 May – Enlistment Act 1794 is passed , allowing Frenchmen ( and other foreigners ) to join the British Army .
14 May – Hambletonian wins his first race . He will win every subsequent race he finishes in his career .
1 June – Glorious First of June : A British victory over the French in the first major naval battle of the French Revolutionary Wars . The first official naval medals are awarded ( selectively ) to senior officers involved .
4 June – British troops capture Port-au-Prince in Haiti from the French .
17 June
The Anglo-Corsican Kingdom is established .
Battle of Mykonos : HMS Romney captures French frigate Sibylle .
12 July – Horatio Nelson loses his right eye during the Siege of Calvi in Corsica .
23 July – Ratcliffe Fire destroys over 400 homes in London .
21 August – British troops capture Corsica following the bombardment by Nelson .
29 August – the Jesuit school Stonyhurst College relocates to England .
September – Popgun plot : alleged conspiracy to assassinate King George III with a poisoned dart .
28 September – Britain allies with Russia and Austria against France .
15 October – Catholic seminarians forced to leave the English College , Douai , settle at Crook Hall , County Durham .
November – 1794 Treason Trials .
19 November – Britain and the United States sign the Jay Treaty ( coming into effect 1796 ) , which attempts to clear up some issues left over from the American Revolutionary War and secures a decade of peaceful trade between the two nations .
Ongoing
French Revolutionary Wars , First Coalition
Undated
Erasmus Darwin 's Zoönomia published , anticipating later theories of evolution .
Thomas Paine 's The Age of Reason published .
Mrs Radcliffe 's Gothic novel The Mysteries of Udolpho published .
Uvedale Price 's Essay on the Picturesque , As Compared With The Sublime and The Beautiful published .
First issue of The Gallery of Fashion which becomes influential in disseminating developments in women 's fashion .
St Mary 's College is established at Old Oscott , near Birmingham , the first Roman Catholic seminary in England since the Reformation .
The music of the Welsh march Men of Harlech is first published ( without words ) as Gorhoffedd Gwŷr Harlech—March of the Men of Harlech in the second edition of The Musical and Poetical Relicks of the Welsh Bards .
Births
17 May – Anna Brownell Jameson , writer ( died 1860 )
24 May – William Whewell , scientist , philosopher , and historian of science ( died 1866 )
14 July – John Gibson Lockhart , writer and editor ( died 1854 )
28 July – Charles Longley , Archbishop of Canterbury ( died 1868 )
30 August – John Rennie the Younger , civil engineer ( died 1874 )
Unknown date – William Forster Lloyd , economist ( died 1852 )
Approximate date – William Heath , caricaturist ( died 1840 )
Deaths
16 January – Edward Gibbon , historian ( born 1737 )
31 January – Mariot Arbuthnot , admiral ( born 1711 )
18 April – Charles Pratt , 1st Earl Camden , Lord Chancellor of Great Britain ( born 1714 )
27 April – Sir William Jones , philologist ( born 1746 )
18 May – Yemmerrawanne , Aboriginal Australian ( born c. 1775 )
18 June – James Murray , military officer and administrator ( born 1721 )
13 July – James Lind , pioneer of naval hygiene in the Royal Navy ( born 1716 )
17 July – John Roebuck , inventor ( born 1718 )
6 August – Henry Bathurst , 2nd Earl Bathurst , politician ( born 1714 )
21 October – Francis Light , founder of the British colony of Penang ( born 1740 )
References
Years in Great Britain
The Enfield Center Town House is an historic former town hall on New Hampshire Route 4A in Enfield Center , New Hampshire . Constructed in 1845–46 , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 2017 .
The building was moved and expanded in 1859 , and was renovated in 1909 ; it was last used as a town hall in 1913 . It is diagonally across the street from the Centre Village Meeting House , which is also NRHP-listed .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grafton County , New Hampshire
References
Further reading
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Government buildings completed in 1845
Buildings and structures in Grafton County , New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Grafton County , New Hampshire
Enfield , New Hampshire
Mark Van Koevering is an American prelate of the Episcopal Church , who is the eighth and current Bishop of Lexington .
Biography
Van Koevering was consecrated as Bishop of Niassa , Mozambique , part of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa , in 2003 , where he served until November 2015 .
Van Koevering was raised in the Christian Reformed Church . He studied agriculture and plant breeding at university , working in Thailand , China and then as an agriculturist with DanChurchAid in Niassa , Mozambique . There he met and married Helen , who was working with the Christian Council of Mozambique , reuniting war orphans with their families . He was the diocesan director of development when he felt called to the ministry . He trained Trinity College , Bristol and was ordained in Wales , working under Rowan Williams , the then archbishop in Newport when the people of Niassa elected him as their bishop . His wife Helen was ordained shortly before leaving Wales in 2003 .
Until April 2011 the Van Koeverings ' ministry in Niassa was supported through USPG . In April 2011 The Van Koevering Trust Fund was set up to secure funds for the furthering of the Van Koeverings ' ministry in Niassa .
In November 2015 , he moved back to the United States , to become the assistant bishop at the Episcopal Diocese of West Virginia . In February 2018 , he became the Bishop Provisional of the Episcopal Diocese of Lexington On November 1 , 2019 , Bishop Van Koevering was elected the eighth diocesan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Lexington .
See also
List of Episcopal bishops of the United States
Historical list of the Episcopal bishops of the United States
Notes and references
External links
Open Charities - Van Koevering Trust Fund
Church of Sweden 's Report on its assessment visit to Chikweti , Niassa
Diocese of Niassa
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
American Episcopalians
21st-century Anglican bishops in the United States
Anglican bishops of Niassa
Converts to Anglicanism from Calvinism
21st-century Anglican Church of Southern Africa bishops
Episcopal bishops of West Virginia
Episcopal bishops of Lexington
Wallaroo is a port town on the western side of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia , northwest of Adelaide . It is one of the three Copper Triangle towns famed for their historic shared copper mining industry , and known together as `` Little Cornwall '' , the other two being Kadina , about to the east , and Moonta , about south . In 2016 , Wallaroo had a population of 3,988 according to the census held .
Description
Wallaroo is about north of Moonta and west of Kadina . Since 1999 , the rural broadacre farming area to the north of the town has been officially known as Wallaroo Plain The area south of Wallaroo is Warburto . The Warburto railway station name was derived from the Narungga name for a nearby spring .
History
Aboriginal
The Narungga are the group of Indigenous Australians whose traditional lands include what is now termed Yorke Peninsula in South Australia . The name `` Wallaroo '' comes from the Aboriginal word wadlu waru , meaning wallaby urine . The early settlers tried to copy the Aboriginals by calling it Walla Waroo . However , they found this too big to stamp on the wool bales , so they shortened it to Wallaroo . During the early years of European settlement , the Narungga maintained a healthy population , but it has since declined .
European
Matthew Flinders was the first European to visit the location . When he sailed by on 16 March 1802 , he recorded that `` the immediate coast ... which extends several leagues to the north of the point , is low and sandy , but a few miles back it rises to a level land of moderate elevation , and is not ill-clothed with small trees . '' Wallaroo was first settled in 1851 by a sheep grazier , Robert Miller . In 1857 , Walter Watson Hughes purchased the land and named it `` Walla Waroo '' . The name was subsequently shortened to `` Wallaroo '' . Copper was soon discovered in the Kadina area in 1859 , and in Moonta ( in a wombat hole ) in 1861 . Confusingly , the famous Wallaroo Mines were at Kadina , not Wallaroo . There were no copper mines at Wallaroo itself , although Wallaroo became a smelting and harbour town , not a mining town .
The copper smelter was established in 1861 . Wallaroo settlement was established on Wallaroo Bay by 1861 and was proclaimed as a government town on 29 January 1862 . In June of that year , the cadastral Hundred of Wallaroo was proclaimed , allowing the surrounding land from coast to Wallaroo Mines to be allotted and sold as sections . The smelter grew and developed to eventually become the largest copper smelter outside of Wales . In addition to copper , the smelter also produced gold and lead , and included a sulphuric acid works , forming the largest and most important producer in Spencer Gulf , until the Port Pirie smelters were established in 1890 . Trading prospered , and a jetty was built in 1861 for ships to bring in coal , timber , food and mining equipment . The first load of refined copper was shipped in 1862 , and by 1868 over 100 tons were produced each week .
Wallaroo was connected to Kadina by horse-drawn tramway in 1862 and to Moonta in 1866 . By 1865 , the population of Wallaroo was 3,000 , and soon the government town was incorporated as the Town of Wallaroo on 25 June 1874 . A rail connection to Adelaide was completed by 1880 . Distilled sulphuric acid was also produced and superphosphate was manufactured between the 1890s and 1920s . The areas population peaked at 5,000 in 1920 , and Wallaroo was Yorke Peninsula 's largest and most important port until when copper production ceased in 1923 . An automatic grain loader was built on the town 's third jetty in 1958 and is currently in use . The local railway yards expanded to a significant size , but the use of the line diminished and it was closed in the 1990s and pulled up in 2017 . Today Wallaroo remains as a major grain port .
Heritage listings
Wallaroo has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
1 Jetty Road : Wallaroo Customs House
John Terrace : Wallaroo railway station
1 John Terrace : Old Wallaroo Police Station and Dwelling
32 Lydia Terrace : Wallaroo Courthouse
8 Stirling Road : Wallaroo Wesleyan Methodist Church
Wallaroo Smelters Site
Geography and climate
Wallaroo exists in a grain farming area with a moderate to low rainfall . It is located on the foreshore and is 13 metres above sea level . Wallaroo has a dry Mediterranean climate with seasonal temperatures a few degrees above Adelaide 's temperatures . The temperature ranges are similar to those of Kadina and the weather patterns are similar to those of Kadina and Adelaide . In the summer Wallaroo has a light cool sea breeze on hot afternoons that sometimes makes the hottest afternoons more bearable than further inland .
Media
Wallaroo was home to a number of historic publications . One of these , the Wallaroo Times , went through a series of evolutions , namely :
Wallaroo Times and Mining Journal ( 1 February 1865 – 31 December 1881 )
Wallaroo Times ( 4 January 1882 – 28 July 1888 )
Kadina and Wallaroo Times ( 1 August 1888 – March 1966 )
Kadina , Wallaroo and Moonta Times ( 7 April 1966 – 29 August 1968 )
Yorke Peninsula Country Times ( 4 September 1968 – present )
Another publication was the Wallaroo Wheatsheaf ( December 1911 – November 1918 ) , which was produced monthly by Roland Campbell for Wallaroo Amalgamated Co-operative Society Ltd. Its successor , Wheatsheaf ( December 1918 – 16 June 1921 ) , used the subtitle `` an official organ of the Co-operative Movement of South Australia , application being made for registration as a newspaper '' .
Economy
Historically , Wallaroo was part of the `` copper triangle '' copper mining industry . One of the large mining chimneys still stands , aptly named the 'big stack ' . Copper mining ceased in the area in the 1920s , but the old copper smelter is now a tourist attraction . From the 1880s onwards the most important economic driver in the area has been cereal cropping , despite the proximity to Goyder 's Line , which traditionally marks the geographic edges of agricultural viability in South Australia . Wallaroo is a significant seaport in South Australia and is the point of international export for many agricultural products originating on Yorke Peninsula and nearby parts of the South Australian Mid North . This especially includes seeds and grain products via the Wallaroo Grain Terminal . Wallaroo 's surrounds are used for growing barley , wheat and other crops such as legumes , canola , chickpeas and field peas .
Tourism associated with the copper mining history and marine leisure activity has become a major part of Wallaroo 's economy in the latter 1900s . The three-day Kernewek Lowender Cornish festival is held every odd year in May , with Kadina , Moonta and Wallaroo each hosting the festival for one day . From the 1990s , beachfront development in the town has accelerated with new housing developments situated at Office and North beaches . The Copper Cove Marina commenced construction at North Beach in 1997 and expects , on completion , to contain a total of 154 marina berths with a proportionate number of new residential and commercial plots . The marina development is almost one third of the size of the original township ( prior to 1997 ) .
Transport
Wallaroo is at the western end of the Copper Coast Highway and on the Spencer Highway . The Balaklava-Moonta and Kadina-Brinkworth railway lines closed in the 1990s . From the 1990s until 2009 , the Lions Club of Yorke Peninsula Rail operated tourist services between Wallaroo , Kadina and Bute on some Sundays on the previously disused railway line . Grain is transported to the storage near the wharf by road , and loaded to ships by conveyor belts at the Wallaroo jetty . The jetty is also regarded as one of the best scuba diving sites in South Australia . The water is only 5–6 metres deep so can also be enjoyed by snorkelers and free-divers .
A passenger and vehicle ferry has run intermittently between Wallaroo and Lucky Bay ( near Cowell ) on Eyre Peninsula .
Governance
The Copper Coast Council governs Wallaroo at the municipal level , replacing the former Corporate Town of Wallaroo which existed from 1874 to 1997 . As such , it remains part of the Hundred of Wallaroo which itself is part of the County of Daly . Wallaroo lies in the state electoral district of Narungga and the federal electoral Division of Grey .
Notable people
Caroline Carleton , writer of `` Song of Australia ''
Ernest Cowan , Western Australian member of parliament
Adam Goodes , Australian rules footballer and dual Brownlow Medal winner
Leslie Heath , South Australian member of parliament .
Sir Walter Watson Hughes , Pioneer philanthropist , founder of the University of Adelaide
Leslie Renfrey , cricketer
Gallery
See also
Copper Coast
Kernewek Lowender
References
External links
Yorke Peninsula : Wallaroo
Wallaroo , Copper Coast Council
Wallaroo Shores Resort announcement
Coastal towns in South Australia
Cornish-Australian culture
Mining towns in South Australia
Beaches of South Australia
Ports and harbours of South Australia
Spencer Gulf
1851 establishments in Australia
Great American Gingerbread : Rasputina Rarities & Neglected Items is a limited collector 's edition compilation album by American cello rock band Rasputina . It was released on April 5 , 2011 .
The compilation contains a CD of previously unreleased tracks composed of film scores , demos , compilation tracks and tribute pieces which frontwoman Melora Creager describes as `` essentially solo works , [ her ] initial compositions and impulses . '' It also contains a Bonus DVD that includes a live performance as well as Q & A session recorded in 2002 at the Knitting Factory , in New York City .
Release
Promotion
As early as March 2011 , the song `` Ballad of Lizzie Borden '' has been available for free download via SoundCloud 's website as a way to promote and generate interest for the new record .
Critical reception
In a somewhat mixed review for PopMatters , Enio Chiola said the album , `` plays like an exercise in self-indulgence and is something only die-hard fans could easily digest . Those unfamiliar with the incredibly prolific nature of Melora 's music-making might want to begin with a more easily accessible collection of tunes , '' and , `` Great American Gingerbread is a precious little gem of tunes best absorbed by those who know what they 're getting themselves into . '' William Ruhlmann of AllMusic similarly stated that , `` this is a collection for dedicated fans of Rasputina , especially those who feel that the group has never gone quite far enough . '' In a slightly more positive review for The Big Takeover , Michael Toland praised the album 's consistency , and said , `` With the tracks sounding as if they were recorded specifically for this collection Great American Gingerbread is as cohesive and satisfying as any of Rasputina 's non-comp LPs . ''
Track listing
All songs written by Melora Creager unless otherwise noted .
Notes
The bonus DVD consists of Rasputina 's live performance at the Knitting Factory in New York City in 2002 . It features Rasputina 's old lineup from around that period . It also features a Q & A session . As is often the case with Rasputina 's anachronistic sense of humor , the performance is credited to have been recorded in 1902 .
References
External links
Great American Gingerbread : Rasputina Rarities & Neglected Items Facebook page
2011 compilation albums
Rasputina ( band ) albums
Frederick George Archibald ( died 1979 ) was a Fijian planter and politician . He served as a member of the Legislative Council in two spells between 1947 and 1966 .
Biography
A part-European , Archibald was born into a family of planters in Vanua Levu . He ran a small copra plantation in the Savusavu area .
In the 1947 Legislative Council elections he contested the Eastern constituency and defeated incumbent MLC Harold Brockett Gibson . He was subsequently defeated by Gibson in the 1950 elections , and unsuccessfully challenged him again in 1953 and 1956 . He suffered a mental breakdown in 1958 and spent some time in an asylum . Although he returned to normal life , he did not contest the 1959 elections .
In 1963 he ran against Gibson again , defeating him by 17 votes . However , after the election the result was challenged on the basis that Archibald was 'not of sound mind ' and therefore ineligible to be a candidate . It emerged that after his certification in 1958 , the certificate had never been cancelled due to an oversight . Following the issue being raised by the challenger , the certificate was cancelled on 11 June . Although the petition was initially dismissed as having been lodged outside the required time limit , in August the Attorney General asked the Supreme Court to declare the seat vacant . This was done by the Acting Chief Justice on 26 August , and a by-election was called for November . Archibald went on to defeat Gibson by 399 votes to 301 and was readmitted to the Legislative Council .
Subsequently , Archibald often challenged other MLCs to prove their sanity during debates , showing his certificate and claiming he was the only MLC who could . He lost his seat to Gibson again in the 1966 elections . Following a long illness , he died in the Colonial War Memorial Hospital in 1979 .
References
Fijian farmers
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
1979 deaths
Permian tetrapods were amphibians and reptiles that lived during the Permian Period .
During this time , amphibians remained common , including various Temnospondyli and Lepospondyli . Synapsids became the dominant type of animal , represented by the Pelycosaurs during the Early Permian and Therapsids during the Middle and Late Permian , and distinguished by the appearance and possession of mammal-like characteristics ( hence the old term `` mammal-like reptiles '' ) . These were accompanied by Anapsids or Parareptiles , which included both lizard-like and large herbivorous forms , and primitive diapsids .
Classification
The following list of families of Permian tetrapods is based mostly on Benton ed . 1993 . The classification follows Benton 2004 :
Superclass Tetrapoda
Class Amphibia
Order Temnospondyli
Family Edopidae
Family Cochleosauridae
Family Trimerorhachidae
Family Dvinosauridae
Family Saurerpetontidae
Family Brachyopidae
Family Actinodontidae
Family Intasuchidae
Family Archegosauridae
Family Rhinesuchidae
Family Uranocentrodontidae
Family Zatrachydidae
Family Eryopidae
Family Parioxyidae
Family Peltobatrachidae
Family Trematopidae
Family Dissorophidae
Family Micromelerpetontidae
Family Branchiosauridae
Family Amphibamidae
Superorder Lepospondyli
Order Aïstopoda
Family Phlegethontiidae
Order Nectridea
Family Diplocaulidae
Family Scincosauridae
Family Urocordylidae
Order Lysorophia
Family Lysorophidae
Order Microsauria
Family Microbrachidae
Family Brachyslechidae
Family Tuditanidae
Family Hapsidopareiontidae
Family Pantylidae
Family Gymnarthridae
Family Ostodolepididae
Family Rhynchonkidae
Family Cocytinidae
Superorder Reptiliomorpha
Order Anthracosauria
Family Eogyrinidae
Family Archeriidae
Family Chroniosuchidae
Family Bystrowianidae
Order Seymouriamorpha
Family Seymouriidae
Family Discosauriscidae
Family Kotlassiidae
Orders/Suborders Uncertain
Family Leptorophidae
Family Enosuchidae
Family Nycleroleridae
Family Tokosauridae
Family Lanthanosuchidae
Family Tseajiidae
Order Diadectomorpha
Family Limnoscelididae
Family Diadectidae
Series Amniota
Class Sauropsida
Subclass Anapsida
Family Acleistorhinidae
Family Eunotosauridae
Family Mesosauridae
Family Millerettidae
Family Nyctiphruretidae
Family Procolophonidae
Family Pareiasauridae
Basal Eureptilia
Family Captorhinidae
Family Protorothyrididae
Subclass Diapsida
Order Araeoscelidia
Family Araeoscelididae
Orders unspecified
Family Weigeltisauridae
Family Claudiosauridae
Family Heleosauridae
Order Younginiformes
Family Acerosodontosaurus
Family Younginidae
Family Tangasauridae
Family Galesphyridae
Infraclass Lepidosauromorpha
Family Paliguanidae
Infraclass Archosauromorpha
Order Prolacertiformes
Family Protorosauridae
Division Archosauria
Class Synapsida
Order Pelycosauria
Family Eothyrididae
Family Caseidae
Family Varanopidae
Family Ophiacodontidae
Family Edaphosauridae
Family Sphenacodontidae
Order Therapsida
Tetraceratops
Suborder Biarmosuchia
Family Phthinosuchidae
Family Biarmosuchidae
Family Ictidorhinidae
Family Burnetiidae
Family Eotitanosuchidae
Suborder Dinocephalia
Family Estemmenosuchidae
Family Anteosauridae
Family Titanosuchidae
Family Tapinocephalidae
Suborder Gorgonopsia
Family Gorgonopsidae
Suborder Anomodontia/Dicynodontia
Family Dromasauridae
Family Otsheriidae
Family Galeopidae
Family Venjukoviidae
Family Eodicynodontidae
Family Endothiodontidae
Family Cryptodontidae
Family Aulacephalodontidae
Family Dicynodontidae
Family Pristerodontidae
Family Emydopidae
Family Robertiidae
Family Kingoriidae
Family Pristerognathidae
Suborder Therocephalia
Family Hofmeyeriidae
Family Euchambersiidae
Family Whaitsiidae
Family Ictidosuchidae
Family Scaloposauridae
Family Lycideopsidae
Suborder Cynodontia
Family Dviniidae
Family Procynosuchidae
Family Galesauridae
See also
List of Carboniferous tetrapods
List of Devonian tetrapods
References
Benton , M. J . ( 2004 ) , Vertebrate Paleontology , 3rd ed . Blackwell Science Ltd
-- -- - ( editor ) , ( 1993 ) The fossil record II . London : Chapman and Hall .
The Thompson shell was the first Unix shell , introduced in the first version of Unix in 1971 , and was written by Ken Thompson .
It was a simple command interpreter , not designed for scripting , but nonetheless introduced several innovative features to the command-line interface and led to the development of the later Unix shells .
History
The name `` shell '' for a command-line interpreter and the concept of making the shell a user program outside of the operating system kernel were introduced in Unix 's precursor Multics .
An early feature of the Thompson shell was a compact syntax for input/output redirection . In Multics , redirecting the input or output of a command required separate commands to start and stop redirection ; in Unix , one could simply add an argument to the command line consisting of the < symbol followed by a filename for input or the > symbol for output , and the shell would redirect I/O for the duration of the command . This syntax was already present by the release of the first version of Unix in 1971 .
A later addition was the concept of pipes . At the suggestion of Douglas McIlroy , the redirection syntax was expanded so that the output of one command could be passed to the input of another command . The original pipe syntax , as described in the Version 3 manual , was :
command1 > command2 >
This syntax proved too ambiguous and was easily confused with redirection to and from files—the system can not tell if `` command2 '' is the command `` command2 '' or the file `` command2 '' . By Version 4 , the syntax had changed to use both the | and ^ symbols to denote pipes :
command1 | command2
This produces exactly the same result as :
command1 ^ command2
The > symbol changed into :
command1 > file1
This would put the output of command1 into file1 .
The Thompson shell syntax for redirection with < and > , and piping with | , has proven durable and has been adopted by most other Unix shells and command shells of several other operating systems , most notably on DOS , OS/2 and Microsoft Windows .
Decline and replacements
The shell 's design was intentionally minimalistic ; even the if and goto statements , essential for control of program flow , were implemented as separate commands .
As a result , by the 1975 release of Version 6 Unix , it was becoming clear that the Thompson shell was inadequate for most serious programming tasks .
At this time , the developers of the Programmer 's Workbench UNIX distribution , most notably John Mashey , began modifying the Thompson shell to make it more suitable for programming .
The result , known as the PWB shell or the Mashey shell , included more advanced flow-control mechanisms and introduced shell variables , but remained limited by the necessity to remain compatible with the Thompson shell .
Finally , the Thompson shell was replaced as the main Unix shell by the Bourne shell in Version 7 Unix and the C shell in 2BSD , both released in 1979 . Since virtually all modern Unix and Unix-like systems are descended from V7 and 2BSD , the Thompson shell is generally no longer used . It is , however , available as open-source as part of several Ancient Unix source distributions , and has been ported to modern Unices as a historical exhibit .
See also
Comparison of computer shells
References
External links
Manual page for the Thompson shell in Unix 1st Edition .
The Evolution of the Unix Time-Sharing System - describes the early development of the shell
Origins of the Bourne shell - manual pages for the 3rd , 4th , and 6th edition Thompson shells , and other resources on the early shells
Sixth Edition Thompson Shell Port - the Thompson shell and its associated utilities ported to modern Unix systems
Unix shells
Catherine De Ledesma ( born 20 January 1999 ) is an English field hockey player who plays as a forward for Loughborough Students and the England and Great Britain national teams .
Club career
Ledesma plays club hockey in the Women 's England Hockey League Premier Division for Loughborough Students .
She has previously played for University of Birmingham , Wimbledon and Oxted .
International career
Ledesma has been part of the GB Elite Development Programme ( EDP ) and England U-21 set-ups for a number of years .
She also captained England U18s .
She made her senior international debut for England against Italy on 6 June 2021 , in the EuroHockey Championship 2021 Women . Where she scored on her debut from open play .
References
External links
Profile on England Hockey
Profile on Great Britain Hockey
1999 births
Living people
English female field hockey players
Female field hockey forwards
Wimbledon Hockey Club players
Women 's England Hockey League players
Loughborough Students field hockey players
Marc Holzer is an American public administration scholar and distinguished professor of public administration at Suffolk University , and was formerly Founding Dean and University Professor at the Rutgers University School of Public Affairs and Administration . His primary research interests include public service , public affairs and administration , public performance improvement , public management and citizen engagement in the U.S. and internationally .
Education
Holzer received a B.A . in political science from the University of Rochester in 1966 . In 1968 , he received his M.P.A . ( Master of Public Administration ) from the University of Michigan , and in 1971 a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Michigan . His dissertation focused on `` Public Policy-Making Theory . ''
Career
Holzer 's academic career began at the City University of New York 's John Jay College as an Assistant Professor of Public Administration in 1971 . He achieved an Associate Professorship in 1975 and full Professorship in 1980 . Holzer continued at John Jay College until mid-1989 , when he joined Rutgers University at Newark . During his tenure at Rutgers he became a Distinguished Professor of Public Administration in 2002 ; Board of Governors Professor of Public Affairs and Administration in 2006 ; and University Professor in 2016 . In 2006 , Holzer became the Founding Dean of the Rutgers University School of Public Affairs and Administration . In 2017 , Holzer retired from Rutgers as an Emeritus Professor and joined Suffolk University 's Institute for Public Service in Boston , Massachusetts as a Distinguished Professor .
Published works
He is the founder and editor-in-chief of Public Performance and Management Review , co-editor of the American Review of Public Administration , and editor-in-chief of the journals Chinese Public Administration Review , and Public Voices : A Journal of Artistic , Humanistic , and Reflective Expression ( PV ) . He previously served as editor-in-chief of the International Review of Public Administration ( the journal of the Korean Association of Public Administration ) . He has also edited the ASPA Classics Book Series ( 1999 ) and the Public Solutions Books Series ( 2014 ) . He is the founder of the Virtual Museum of Public Service ( 2014 ) and the Public Administration Gateway ( 2015 ) . Holzer 's more than 600 scholarly publications include : 75 Books and Monographs ; Editorship of four journals and several book series , comprising 300+ volumes/issues ; Editorship/Co-Editorship of 23 Journal Symposia ; and Authorship/Co-Authorship of 78 Articles in Peer-Reviewed Journals . In addition , Holzer has served as the chair of almost fifty doctoral dissertations in public administration and global affairs .
Associations
Holzer is a past president of the American Society for Public Administration ( ASPA , 2000–2001 ) , and currently chairs the ASPA Endowment . He is the founder or co-founder of a number of organizations , networks and publications , including : the School of Public Affairs and Administration , Rutgers University-Newark ( 2006 ) ; the National Center for Public Performance ( 1974 ) ; the E-Governance Institute ( 2005 ) ; Annual Productivity and Performance Conferences ( 1974 ) ; Sino-U.S. Public Administration Conferences ( 2002–present ) ; Northeast Conference on Public Administration ( NECoPA ) ( 2012 ) ; and ASPA sections on Korea , China and Humanities/Arts .
Honors , awards , and distinctions
He has been recognized with over 20 national and international awards for his contributions in the field of research , teaching and service . Selected Honors and Awards include :
National Academy of Public Administration : Elected Fellow , 2003 .
The American Society for Public Administration : Dwight Waldo Award , 2013 for outstanding contributions to the professional literature of public administration over an extended career
Public Administration Review , 2015 : In recognition of authorship ( with Patria de Lancer Julnes ) of one of the most 75 influential articles published since PAR 's inception in 1940 , and the William and Frederick Mosher Award for Best Article ( in Public Administration Review ) by an Academician , 2001 for that same article
Paul Van Riper Award for Excellence and Service , 2018
Joseph Wholey Distinguished Scholarship Award for Best Scholarly Publication in Performance-based Governance in a Public Administration Journal , 2001 ( with Patria de Lancer Julnes )
Charles H. Levine Memorial Award , 2000
Donald Stone National ASPA Achievement Award , 1994 . National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration and The American Society for Public Administration : NASPAA/ASPA Distinguished Research Award , 2009
National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration : Excellence in Teaching Award , 1998
Conference of Minority Public Administrators : Presidential Leadership Award , 2006
Southeastern Conference for Public Administration : The ( Netherlands ) Senator Peter B. Boorsma Award , 2002
Public Technology Institute : Elected Fellow , 2016
Fellow , Center for Media and Peace Initiatives , 2015
School of Public Policy and Administration – University of Delaware : Charles P. Messick Fellow , 2012
International City/County Management Association : Academic Award in Memory of Stephen B. Sweeney , 2005
Chinese Public Administration Society : Honorary Council Member . 2004 and Award for Excellence , 2002
World Academy of Productivity Science : Elected Fellow , 2001
Rutgers , the State University of New Jersey : Board of Trustees Award for Excellence in Research , 2001
The Class of 1962 Presidential Public Service Award , 2002
Human Dignity Award , 2004
Leaders in Faculty Diversity Award , 2016
References
Living people
Public administration scholars
John Jay College of Criminal Justice faculty
Rutgers University faculty
Suffolk University faculty
University of Rochester alumni
Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The wire-tailed manakin ( Pipra filicauda ) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae . It forms a superspecies with both the Band-tailed Manakin ( Pipra fasciicauda ) and the Crimson-hooded Manakin ( Pipra aureola ) .
It is found upriver in the western Amazon Basin and the neighboring countries of northern Peru , eastern Ecuador and Colombia , and southern and western portions of Venezuela . In Venezuela it occurs upriver in the Orinoco River basin , but not the final 1300 km ; its range in Venezuela continues around the Andes cordillera to the northwestern coast . In northwest Brazil , the species ranges from Roraima and Amazonas west to Venezuela and Colombia , and southwest from Rondônia and Acre to Peru and Ecuador .
Wire-tailed manakin 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swampland .
References
External links
Wire-tailed manakin videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps ( for Ecuador ) with RangeMap
Photo ; Article sunbirdtours
Photo-Medium Res ; Article mindobirds— '' Amazonian Ecuador ''
Photo-High Res ; Article borderland-tours
Wire-tailed Manakin photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
wire-tailed manakin
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
wire-tailed manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kurt Sherlock is a dual international representing his home country of New Zealand in both rugby codes union and league , though he was never capped for a Test match under the union code . He made his rugby league début for the Kiwis in 1989 .
Personal life
Sherlock has two sons and two daughters . He is an audit partner at Findex .
He attended Massey High School .
References
Sources
External links
1962 births
Dual-code rugby internationals
People educated at Massey High School
Living people
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand rugby union players
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Sydney Roosters players
Auckland rugby union players
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Arena and Convention Centre Liverpool , also known as simply ACC Liverpool is a multi-purpose event complex on the former Kings Dock , Liverpool , England . Opened in May 2008 , it is part of Liverpool event campus , consisting of an interconnected arena , convention and exhibition centre , positioned on the banks of Liverpool 's world heritage waterfront .
In 2016 , the 4 * Pullman Liverpool Hotel was opened , offering luxury accommodation with its 216 bedrooms .
History
ACC Liverpool was officially opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip on 22 May 2008 .
On the evening of 31 December 2017 , a fire broke out in the car park and as a consequence , the Liverpool International Horse Show , taking place at the arena , had to be cancelled . The horses were safely evacuated from temporary stabling built on the ground floor level of the car park , and held on the arena floor and the land surrounding the building . The fire continued into the small hours of 1 January 2018 . The structure had to be demolished later and cars were removed . Virtually all of the 1,400 cars there were destroyed , but no serious harm to people or horses was reported .
Facilities
The building , designed by Wilkinson Eyre , Sport Concepts and Buro Happold , has a 3,725 square metre multipurpose halls on the ground floor , with a 1,350 capacity auditoria and 21 break out rooms above .
Large events can take advantage of the Liverpool event campus ' interconnected facilities . By using the connecting lower Galleria , it is possible to extend exhibitions into the arena 's 3,400m2 open floor area . This gives a total exhibition floor space of 7,125m2 .
Exhibition Centre Liverpool , connected by a covered bridge , gives an additional 8,100m2 of multi-purpose exhibition space . The exhibition centre is also linked internally to the onsite 4 * Pullman Liverpool hotel .
The John Lennon Peace Monument is on the waterfront adjacent to ACC Liverpool .
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Liverpool
Exhibition and conference centres in England
Redevelopment projects in Liverpool
Duniya may refer to :
Arts and entertainment
Duniya ( 1968 film ) , a Hindi romantic thriller
Duniya ( 1984 film ) , a Hindi film
Duniya ( 2007 film ) , an Indian Kannada-language film
Duniya ( album ) , a 1997 album by Raageshwari Loomba .
Duniya ( The Intrinsic Passion of Mysterious Joy ) , a 1994 album by Loop Guru
People
Duniya Soori , Indian film director
Duniya Vijay ( born 1974 ) , Indian actor
See also
Dunia ( disambiguation )
Dunya ( disambiguation )
Dunja ( disambiguation )
The Texas A & M–Corpus Christi Islanders softball team represents the Texas A & M University–Corpus Christi , located in Corpus Christi , Texas . The Islanders are a member of the Southland Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball . The team is currently led by head coach Kristen Zaleski and plays home games at Chapman Field .
Year-by-year results
References :
References
External links
Official Website
Provincial Road 327 ( PR 327 ) is a provincial road in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It runs from Highway 60 to the town of Easterville in the indian reserve Chemawawin 2 .
References
327
Somatochlora exuberata is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae . It is found in eastern Russia , northern China , Korea , and Hokkaido , Japan .
References
Corduliidae
Odonata of Asia
John Allen `` Al '' Gamble ( born March 11 , 1969 ) is an American , Memphis , Tennessee and Birmingham , Alabama based , session musician , playing Hammond B-3 organ and keyboards . He is currently the keyboard player for St. Paul and The Broken Bones .
Early life
Gamble was born in Columbus , Georgia , United States , but his family moved to his parents ' home town of Tuscumbia , Alabama ( near Muscle Shoals ) , where he was raised . After graduating from the University of Alabama in 1991 he lived in Tuscumbia , until moving to Memphis in 1994 to pursue a career in music .
Career
Gamble grew up listening to his father 's record collection , which included Jimmy Smith , Ray Charles , Jack McDuff and other jazz and soul artists on the Verve and Blue Note labels . He played in various bands during high school and college , and in 1992 joined the Shreveport-based Bluebirds , featuring Buddy Flett on guitar . Gamble spent a few years in Memphis as a Beale Street musician , backing such artists as Preston Shannon and A-440 . In 2001 , he formed the Gamble Brothers Band with his younger brother Chad Gamble ( drums ) , Art Edmaiston ( saxophone ) and Will Lowrimore ( bass ) . The band recorded three albums from 2001 to 2007 . The first album , 10 Lbs . of Hum ( 2001 ) , was released independently and featured Lowrimore on bass . The last two albums , Back to the Bottom ( 2003 ) and Continuator ( 2006 ) , were released on the Memphis-based label Archer Records . Back to the Bottom was the last recording to feature Lowrimore on bass , who left the band shortly after the album 's release . Continuator featured bassist , Blake Rhea , who joined the band in 2003 to replace Lowrimore .
In 2003 , the Gamble Brothers Band beat out more than 1,200 other artists to win the Billboard-sponsored Independent Music World Series award .
Edmaiston joined the Jacksonville-based touring band JJ Grey & MOFRO in 2007 , and soon after that , the Gamble Brothers Band played a show opening for the Black Crowes in October 2007 at Mud Island Amphitheatre in Memphis , their final live performance for 12 years . The band reunited for a show at the Crosstown Theater in Memphis on December 21 , 2019 . Earlier in 2007 , while Edmaiston was on a break from touring , he joined Gamble , Memphis guitar player Joe Restivo , and drummer George Sluppick to form The Grip , a four-piece jazz instrumental band specializing in boogaloo music . The Grip recorded the EP Grab This Thing for Archer Records ( 2007 ) .
The road took Edmaiston away again , and Gamble continued to play with Restivo and Sluppick as a three-piece , forming the band The City Champs . The City Champs released two albums on Scott Bomar 's Electraphonic label : The Safecracker ( 2009 ) and The Set Up ( 2010 ) . The City Champs have toured regularly and opened for other acts , including the North Mississippi Allstars and Huey Lewis . The members ' other musical projects took them in different directions , but after a long hiatus they reunited to create the critically acclaimed Luna '68 , released in 2021 on Big Legal Mess Records .
The City Champs ' music has been featured in the MTV series `` $ 5 Cover '' and in the Emmy Award-winning documentary film I Am A Man : From Memphis , A Lesson in Life .
On November 29 , 2010 , The City Champs took part in the filming of a new Memphis music documentary . Titled Take Me To The River , this Cody Dickinson/Martin Shore-produced film , released Sept. 12 , 2014 , showcases icons of the Memphis ' music scene playing with up-and-coming young bands . The City Champs collaborated with harmonica legend Charlie Musselwhite and Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section bassist David Hood on bass to film a segment at Electraphonic Studios in Memphis . The film , which includes contributions from Terrance Howard and Snoop Dogg , was honored at the Raindance Film Festival awards ceremony in London as the Feature Film .
In January 2013 , after learning about St. Paul and The Broken Bones from friend and guitarist Browan Lollar , Gamble was asked to add organ overdubs on the band 's debut album Half The City , recorded in Muscle Shoals , Alabama . Later that year , Gamble joined the band full-time , prior to the release of the record in February 2014 . St. Paul and The Broken Bones have toured extensively in the United States and Europe and opened two shows ( June 9 in Atlanta ; and July 11 in Buffalo , New York ) for The Rolling Stones on the band 's 2015 Zip Code Tour . In January 2016 , St. Paul and the Broken Bones played a sold-out Carnegie Hall show as part of a four-concert series curated by Rosanne Cash called Carnegie Hall 's Perspectives .
In February 2017 , St. Paul and the Broken Bones headlined the Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Awards viewing party in West Hollywood , California .
Gamble has recorded on more than 50 albums and on various film scores . He is credited with writing or co-writing more than 40 songs , according to BMI . He has toured with The City Champs , singer/songwriter Charlie Mars , John Paul Keith and the 145s , Louisiana soul singer Marc Broussard , Charles Walker and the Dynamites , The Bo-Keys , and St. Paul and The Broken Bones .
Personal life
Al Gamble currently lives in Memphis , Tennessee .
Alabama Music Hall of Fame
Al Gamble and his brother Chad are listed as `` Music Achievers '' in the Alabama Music Hall of Fame .
Discography
Television performances
Lopez Tonight - w/Marc Broussard - June 13 , 2011
CBS This Morning : Saturday - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - March 28 , 2014
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - April 28 , 2014
Jimmy Kimmel Live - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - June 23 , 2014
ACL Presents : Americana Music Festival 2014 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - November 22 , 2014
Late Show with David Letterman - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - January 12 , 2015
Late Show with Stephen Colbert - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - August 30 , 2016
CBS This Morning : Saturday - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Sept. 10 , 2016
CONAN on TBS - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Sept. 19 , 2016
Later with Jools Holland - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Oct. 21 , 2016
Bluegrass Underground , Season 6 , Episode 11 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Nov. 16 , 2016
MTV Live Setlist , Season 1 , Episode 4 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Jan. 7 , 2017
Austin City Limits , Season 42 , Episode 12 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - July 15 , 2017
Jimmy Kimmel Live - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Sept. 10 , 2018
CBS This Morning : Saturday - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Oct. 13 , 2018
Late Show with Stephen Colbert , Season 4 , Episode 68 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Dec. 18 , 2018
Late Night with Seth Meyers , Episode 801 - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Feb. 18 , 2019
CBS This Morning : Saturday - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Jan. 4 , 2020
Late Show with Stephen Colbert - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Jan. 27 , 2022
CBS This Morning : Saturday - w/St . Paul and the Broken Bones - Jan. 29 , 2022
References
Living people
1969 births
Musicians from Columbus , Georgia
Musicians from Memphis , Tennessee
University of Alabama alumni
People from Tuscumbia , Alabama
Musicians from Alabama
In computer science , vanilla is the term used to refer when computer software and sometimes also other computing-related systems like computer hardware or algorithms are not customized from their original form , i.e. , they are used without any customizations or updates applied to them . Vanilla software has become a widespread de facto industry standard , widely used by businesses and individuals . The term comes from the traditional standard flavor of ice cream , vanilla . According to Eric S. Raymond 's The New Hacker 's Dictionary , `` vanilla '' means more `` default '' than `` ordinary '' .
Examples of how to use `` vanilla '' in a sentence :
As one of the earliest examples , IBM 's mainframe text publishing system BookMaster , provides a default way to specify which parts of a book to publish , called `` vanilla '' , and a fancier way , called `` mocha '' .
The term `` vanilla '' is sometimes also used for hardware components . For instance , in the 1990s non-upgraded Amiga home computers were called `` ( plain ) vanilla '' ; similarly , it was later also applied to PC parts .
For Unix-based kernels , a `` vanilla kernel '' refers to a kernel that has been unmodified by any third-party source . For instance , the vanilla Linux kernel is often given a Linux distribution–specific `` flavour '' by being heavily modified .
In his book End of Ignorance , Charles Winborne refers to a static page that is ″only a text file , but one that links to accompanying files″ as a plain-vanilla web page .
Fans of the video game Minecraft , usually refer to the game without mods as `` vanilla '' .
JavaScript , when used without any libraries or third party plugins is referred to as `` vanilla JavaScript '' .
See also
Commercial off-the-shelf
Mod ( video games )
Out of the box ( feature )
Plain vanilla
Turnkey
References
Computing terminology
de : Vanilla software
Edgar Allardyce Wood ( 2 June 1907 — 25 July 1998 ) , known by his pen name Kerry Wood , was a Canadian writer , journalist and scriptwriter . During his writing career , Wood primarily wrote for Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio and television while publishing his own works . For his novels , Wood won the 1955 Governor General 's Award for English-language juvenile fiction for The Map-Maker and rewon the Governor General 's Award in 1957 for The Great Chief . Outside of writing , Wood built archery equipment from the 1920s to 1970s and was named a Member of the Order of Canada in 1990 .
Early life
On 2 June 1907 , Wood was born in New York City . During his childhood , Wood lived in various parts of Western Canada before residing in Red Deer , Alberta at the age of eleven . When he was sixteen , Wood began to write after a teacher encouraged him to leave high school and focus on writing .
Career
Wood began his career in 1924 as a freelancer before becoming a newspaper columnist in 1926 . As a journalist , Wood wrote for various newspapers throughout Alberta , including the Edmonton Journal and Calgary Herald from 1926 to 1973 . During this time period , Wood started building archery equipment in 1937 and was hired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1939 . With the CBC , Wood primarily wrote scripts for radio shows until 1973 , while venturing into television script writing from 1958 to 1965 .
Outside of journalism , Wood wrote children 's novels between the 1930s and 1980s before releasing his autobiography A Legacy of Laughter in 1986 . Wood continued to write until the 1990s when his final book This Smiling Land was published in 1996 . For his influences , Wood cited the works of multiple writers including Henry David Thoreau and Percy A. Taverner .
Awards and honours
As a writer , Wood won the Governor General 's Award for English-language juvenile fiction twice for The Map-Maker in 1955 and The Great Chief in 1957 . In 1990 , Wood was named a Member of the Order of Canada . Posthumously , Wood was named one of the 100 Outstanding Albertans by the Calgary Stampede in 2012 .
Personal life
Wood was married and had three children . Wood died in Red Deer on 25 July 1998 .
References
1907 births
1998 deaths
Canadian newspaper reporters and correspondents
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation people
Governor General 's Award-winning children 's writers
Members of the Order of Canada
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male novelists
American emigrants to Canada
Jorge Leonardo Obregón Rojas ( born 29 March 1997 ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward for HNK Rijeka .
Career
Club career
Before the 2016 season , Obregón was sent on loan to Colombian second division side Llaneros .
Before the 2019 season , he signed for Deportivo Municipal in Peru .
Before the second half of 2019/20 , he signed for Croatian club Varaždin .
After Varaždin got relegated from Prva HNL at the end of 2020–21 season , Rijeka signed him on 5 July 2021 .
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombia youth international footballers
Sportspeople from Cauca Department
Association football forwards
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Deportivo Municipal footballers
Jaguares de Córdoba footballers
Real Cartagena footballers
Llaneros F.C . players
NK Varaždin players
HNK Rijeka players
Categoría Primera A player
Categoría Primera B players
Peruvian Primera División players
Croatian Football League players
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Peru
The Hexenkartothek ( known as the `` H-special order '' project ) was an investigation into witch trials led by SS-Untersturmführer Rudolf Levin under the orders of Heinrich Himmler .
Himmler organised a team of SS researchers to collect historical records of witch trials with the goal of proving that the Catholic Church had used the trials to eliminate the German heritage . This prompted William Monter to dub the Nazi regime `` Europe 's first 'pro-witch ' government . '' One pamphlet , 1935 's The Christian Witch-Craze , claimed that the witch-hunts were an attempt to exterminate `` Aryan womanhood '' .
According to Himmler the information gathered during the nine-year investigation was to be assembled into a propaganda book . No book was produced and Levin 's habilitation thesis was rejected by the Munich University in 1944 .
See also
Witch-cult hypothesis
References
Nazism and occultism
Heinrich Himmler
Witchcraft in Germany
Lorna Reynolds ( 17 December 1911 – 4 July 2003 ) was an Irish writer , editor , and professor .
Early life and education
Reynolds was born in Jamaica in 1911 to staff sergeant Michael Reynolds in the Royal Engineers and his wife Teresa Hickey . She was one of five children . Her father died when she was ten .
In 1912 , her family returned from the Caribbean to live in Birr , County Offaly . After three years they moved to Dublin , Ireland .
Reynolds was educated in the Dominican College , Eccles Street . She went on to get her three degrees from University College Dublin . Reynolds studied English and graduated with a BA in 1933 , her MA in 1935 and finally her PhD in 1940 . She then became a lecturer in UCD where she worked for thirty years .
Career
In 1966 Reynolds was appointed Professor of Modern English at University College Galway . She worked as an editor as well as her academic work . She was editor of the University Review and co-edited several volumes of Yeats Studies with Robert O'Driscoll of the University of Toronto . Reynolds wrote a biography of Kate O'Brien , her lifelong friend . She also wrote poetry and short stories , and was a contributor to The Bell , Poetry Ireland Review , Arena , The Lace Curtain and Botteghe Oscure . Her recipes were published in 1990 . She was responsible for organising the J. M. Synge centenary conference in 1971 . She took a sabbatical to Toronto due to her work with O'Driscoll where she was attached to St. Michael 's College .
Also an activist Reynolds mobilised a campaign to try to restore the Georgian theatre in Eyrecourt , County Galway , she was a member of the Women 's Social and Progressive League in the 1940s as well as involved in the Anti-Censorship Board . Reynolds was also very involved in the UCD Women Graduates ' Association . She returned to Dublin when she retired in 1978 . She died in 2003 and is buried in Clonoghill Cemetery , Birr .
Bibliography
Kate O'Brien : A Literary Portrait
Tasty Food for Hasty Folk ( 1990 )
Editor
The Untold Story : The Irish in Canada ( 1988 )
References
Further reading
Padráic Colum Back in Dublin by Lorna Reynolds
1911 births
2003 deaths
Irish feminists
Writers from Dublin ( city )
People from Birr , County Offaly
Irish women poets
Alumni of University College Dublin
Academics of the University of Galway
Irish literary editors
Irish biographers
20th-century Irish poets
Irish women short story writers
20th-century Irish short story writers
Irish women activists
Academics of University College Dublin
20th-century Irish women writers
Women biographers
Irish expatriates in Jamaica
Sheldon–Owens Farm is a national historic district located at Willsboro in Essex County , New York . The district contains seven contributing buildings , one contributing site , and seven contributing structures . They are set on a property assembled between 1784 and 1945 . The oldest structure is a barn dated to the late 18th century . A number of the outbuildings date to the 1830s and include barns , a granary , brick smokehouse , and sugar house . The farmhouse dates to 1853 and was constructed on the foundation of the 18th-century house . Dated to the early 20th century are a storage shed , machine shed , well house , and additions and renovations to older buildings . The property has been adapted for use as a bird sanctuary .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County , New York
Comasco is a dialect of Western Lombard language spoken in the city and suburbs of Como . It belongs to the Comasco-Lecchese group .
Characteristics
It shares similarities with Milanese , but more precisely consists of a transition between Brianzöö and Ticinese , in fact both the masculine singular article ( typical of central Brianzöö ) and ( typical of Milanese and Ticinese ) are used . Generally , it has harder sounds than other dialects .
See also
Comasco orthography
Western Lombard language
Matthias Heidrich ( born 10 December 1977 , in Hoyerswerda ) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder . He works for 1 . FC Köln as head of youth department .
References
1977 births
Living people
People from Hoyerswerda
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Alemannia Aachen players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
VfL Osnabrück players
SV Wacker Burghausen players
Bundesliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
3 . Liga players
Footballers from Saxony
The 17th South American Youth Championships in Athletics were held at the Estadio Modelo in Guayaquil , Ecuador from September 25–26 , 2004 .
Medal summary
Medal winners are published for boys and girls . Complete results can be found on the `` World Junior Athletics History '' website .
Men
Women
Medal table ( unofficial )
Trophies
Final scoring for the three best countries were published .
Overall team
Individual
The trophies for the most outstanding performance were awarded to Jonathan Davis ( Venezuela ) and Franciela Krasucki ( Brazil ) . Jessica Quispe ( Peru ) gained the trophy for the most improved athlete .
Participation ( unofficial )
Detailed result lists can be found on the `` World Junior Athletics History '' website . An unofficial count yields the number of about 259 athletes from about 12 countries :
( 28 )
( 4 )
( 61 )
( 33 )
( 27 )
( 49 )
( 5 )
Panama ( 3 )
( 5 )
Peru ( 24 )
( 2 )
( 18 )
References
External links
World Junior Athletics History
South American U18 Championships in Athletics
2004 in Ecuadorian sport
South American U18 Championships
International athletics competitions hosted by Ecuador
2004 in youth sport
21st century in Guayaquil
Sports competitions in Guayaquil
Namurachi is a rural community located in Urique Municipality , Chihuahua , Mexico . It had a population of 4 inhabitants at the 2010 census , and is situated at an elevation of 2,022 meters above sea level .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
The 1964–65 season was the 9th season of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto . Real Madrid won the title .
Teams and venues
League table
Relegation playoffs
Club Águilas remained in the league and Canoe NC was relegated after the relegation playoffs , played with the third and fourth qualified teams in Segunda División ( CB Hospitalet , promoted , and CN Vitoria ) .
Stats Leaders
Points
References
ACB.com
Linguasport
Liga Española de Baloncesto ( 1957–1983 ) seasons
1964–65 in Spanish basketball
Badnam ( English : Infamous ) ( Bengali : বদনাম ) is a 1990 Bengali drama film directed by Shibu Mitra and produced by Ms. Rupanjali.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Neelam Kothari in the lead roles . Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri . The movie was a hit .
Plot
Poor and honest man Haranath was entrapped by a corrupt person Mathur Ghosh . He commits suicide . Shankar , Haranath 's son oaths to avenge for the wrongs done to Haranath . When he grows up , he also gets entrapped by Mathur Ghosh 's friend and co-partner Sundar Banerjee who 's also the local police head , Manotosh Banerjee 's son even to the point he loses his lover Priya Dutta to him , the rich Prakash Dutta 's daughter who also wanted to prove Haranath 's innocence . But he does n't let evil defeat him like his father while he avenges his death . He arrests Sundar and makes him confess in front of his father , that he got Mathur to entrap Haranath as a thief , took Priya away from him after framing him for using heroin in Priya 's hotel where he was a singer and killing Mathur 's daughter . Manotosh gets him and Mathur arrested in front of him and his mom while proving Haranath 's innocence . Shankar and Priya finally get married .
Cast
Prosenjit Chatterjee as Shankar
Neelam Kothari as Priya Dutta , Shankar 's love interest
Shakti Kapoor as Keshto Da , Priya 's driver and her and Shankar 's friend
Sunny Deol cameo role as Shankar 's friend , Darshan
Subhendu Chatterjee as Manotosh Banerjee
Shakuntala Barua as Shankar 's mother
Pallavi Chatterjee as Radha
Soumitra Bannerjee as Sundar Banerjee
Bankim Ghosh as Mathur Ghosh
Tapendu Gangopadhyay as Prakash Dutta
Ramen Roy Chowdhury as Haranath , Shankar 's father
Soundtrack
All songs were composed by Bappi Lahiri and penned by Pulak Bandopadhyay .
`` Jhal Legeche Amar Jhal Legeche '' - Alka Yagnik
`` Priya Priya Tumi Je Amar Priya '' - Amit Kumar , Alka Yagnik
`` Makhan Churi Chelebelay '' - Anuradha Paudwal
`` Kaje Kiser Laaj '' - Bappi Lahiri
`` Chokhe Chokhe Kotha Holo '' - Asha Bhosle , Kumar Sanu
`` Kotodin Ashe Din Kete Jay '' ( Sad ) - Alka Yagnik
`` Tumi Sobi Jano Antaryami '' - Anuradha Paudwal .
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
1990 films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
1990s Bengali-language films
Indian drama films
Films directed by Shibu Mitra
The San Rafael Improvement Club , at 1800 5th Ave. in San Rafael , California , was built in 1915 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 .
It was built in 1915 as a pavilion for the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco , and was relocated and reassembled in 1916 in the City of San Rafael to be used as a permanent clubhouse building the San Rafael Improvement Club , a civic organization founded in 1902 .
The organization may or may not have defined itself as a women 's club , but photos show that is what it was .
It served as the Victrola Pavilion , for the Victrola company , inside the Liberal Arts Palace .
It is a wooden building about in plan . It was designed by William B. Faville in Classical Revival style . When it was reassembled , a roof was added .
It was eventually sold by the club . It was unused from 1997 to at least 2018 .
The only other building surviving from the 1915 exposition is the San Francisco Palace of Fine Arts .
References
Women 's club buildings in California
National Register of Historic Places in Marin County , California
Neoclassical architecture in California
Buildings and structures completed in 1916
History of women in California
Poole is a surname , and may refer to :
Adalbert Poole ( 1881–1970 ) , Canadian politician
Andrew Poole ( cricketer ) ( born 1967 ) , English cricketer
Andy Poole ( footballer ) ( born 1960 ) , English footballer
Austin Lane Poole ( 1889–1963 ) , British mediaevalist
Barney Poole ( 1923–2005 ) , American football player
Bertram William Henry Poole ( 1880–1957 ) , British-American philatelist
Brian Poole ( born 1941 ) , British singer and entertainer , lead singer of Brian Poole and the Tremeloes
Bruce Poole ( born 1959 ) , American politician
Cecil Charles Poole ( 1885–1970 ) , British politician
Cecil F. Poole ( 1914–1997 ) , American lawyer and judge
Charles Poole ( 1874–1941 ) , New Zealand politician
Charles Lane Poole ( 1885–1970 ) , Australian forester
Charlie Poole ( 1892–1931 ) , American banjo player
Christopher `` Kit '' Poole ( 1875–1965 ) , Irish Citizen Army officer during the 1916 Easter Rising
Christopher Poole ( born c.1988 ) , American founder of web sites 4chan and Canvas
Cyril Poole ( 1921–1996 ) , English cricketer and footballer
Daniel Poole ( 1882–1959 ) , Australian seaman and soldier
David Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Dianne Poole ( born 1949 ) , Canadian politician
Dick Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Earl Lincoln Poole ( 1891–1972 ) , American wildlife artist , sculptor , author and naturalist
Ed Poole ( 1874–1919 ) , American baseball player
Elizabeth Poole ( 1588–1654 ) , English settler in Plymouth Colony
Eric Poole ( 1885–1916 ) , British Army officer of World War I
Eric Joseph Poole ( 1907–1969 ) , Canadian politician
Eric Poole , fictional character and primary antagonist in the Robert Cormier novel Tenderness
Ernest Poole ( 1880–1950 ) , American novelist
Eugene J. Poole ( 1880–1958 ) , American politician
Fanny Huntington Runnells Poole ( 1863–1940 ) , American writer , book reviewer
Frank Poole , fictional character in Arthur C. Clarke 's Space Odyssey science fiction series
Freddi Poole ( born 1946 ) , American singer
Frederic Slaney Poole ( 1845–1936 ) , Anglican priest in South Australia
Gary Poole ( born 1967 ) , English footballer
George Temple-Poole ( 1856–1934 ) , British architect
Glenn Poole ( born 1981 ) , English footballer
Grace Poole , fictional character in Charlotte Brontë 's 1847 novel Jane Eyre
Harold Poole ( 1943–2014 ) , American bodybuilder
Henry Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Hester Martha Poole ( 1833–1932 ) , American writer , artist , advocate
Horatio Nelson Poole ( 1884–1949 ) , American painter and printmaker
Ike Poole ( 1915–2002 ) , American basketball player
James Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Jim Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Joe Poole ( born 1923 ) , English footballer
John Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Jon Poole ( born 1969 ) , English singer and songwriter
Jonas Poole ( c.1566–1612 ) , English explorer , sealer , and whaler
Jordan Poole ( born 1999 ) , American basketball player
Karen Poole ( born 1971 ) , British singer and songwriter , daughter of Brian
Keith Poole ( born 1974 ) , American football player
Kenny Poole ( 1947–2006 ) , American jazz guitarist
Kevin Poole ( born 1963 ) , English football player
Lynn Poole ( 1910–1969 ) , American science writer and broadcaster
Malcolm Poole ( born 1949 ) , Australian field hockey player
Marin Poole ( born 1984 ) , American beauty queen
Mark Poole , American illustrator
Marshall Scott Poole ( born 1951 ) , American communication researcher
Matthew Poole ( 1624–1679 ) , English theologian
Minor Butler Poole ( 1920–1942 ) , United States Navy sailor , Navy Cross recipient
Nate Poole ( born 1977 ) , American football player
Nick Poole ( born 1973 ) , Canadian ice hockey player
Oliver Poole , 1st Baron Poole ( 1911–1993 ) , British politician , soldier and businessman
Olivia Poole ( 1889–1975 ) , American inventor
Paul Falconer Poole ( 1806–1879 ) , British painter
Phil Poole ( born 1959 ) , American Democratic politician
Phillip Poole ( born 1981 ) , British ice dancer
Ray Poole ( 1921–2008 ) , American football player
Reg Poole ( born 1944 ) , Australian musician
Reg Poole ( footballer ) ( 1942–2021 ) , Australian footballer
Regan Poole ( born 1998 ) , Welsh football player
Reginald Lane Poole ( 1857–1939 ) , British historian
Reginald Stuart Poole ( 1832–1895 ) , English orientalist
Sir Reginald Ward Poole ( 1864–1941 ) , British solicitor , President of the Law Society
Robert Poole ( disambiguation ) , multiple people
Roger Poole ( 1946-2015 ) , British trade union official
Rose M. Poole ( 1880-1963 ) , American businesswoman and politician
Russell Poole ( 1956–2015 ) , American policeman from Los Angeles
Sandra Le Poole ( born 1959 ) , Dutch field hockey player
Shelly Poole ( born 1972 ) , English songwriter and singer , daughter of Brian
Sophia Lane Poole ( 1804–1891 ) , English orientalist
Stafford Poole ( 1930–2020 ) , American historian
Stanley Lane-Poole ( 1854–1931 ) , British orientalist , archaeologist and writer
Steven Poole ( born 1972 ) , British writer and journalist
Suzelle Poole ( born 1940 ) , British ballet dancer and poet
Teresa Poole ( born 1964 ) , Australian Paralympic cyclist
Terry Poole ( disambiguation )
Theodore L. Poole ( 1840–1900 ) , American politician from New York
Thomas Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
Trevor Poole ( born 1964 ) , Australian footballer
Tyrone Poole ( born 1972 ) , American football player
Vicki Poole , New Zealand diplomat
Wakefield Poole ( 1936–2021 ) , American dancer , choreographer , and director
Will Poole ( born 1981 ) , American football player
William Poole ( disambiguation ) , several people
William Frederick Poole ( 1821-1894 ) , American bibliographer and librarian
See also
Pool ( surname )
Poole ( disambiguation )
English-language surnames
Keith Long ( 9 May 1910 – 30 June 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Notes
External links
1910 births
1988 deaths
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
North Melbourne Football Club players
South Adelaide Football Club players
Hoseynabad-e Madvar ( , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Madvār ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Khursand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Jamia Dar Ul Uloom Rabbania is an Islamic madrasa in Punjab .
It has hundreds of ulamas and Fuzala sending the message of the Quran and Hadith . In 1940 , the foundation was created by Ch Shah Muhammad and Maulvi Fazal Kareem , who are famous in the area .
The construction was begun by a local religious person , Molana Fazal Ahmad Ray Pori . The first Dars-e-Hadees was started by the director of Dar-Ul-Uloom Deoband , Qari Muhammad Tayyab . Dora Hadees was started at Jamia in 1948 and issued Qal-Allah and Qal-UI-Rasool thereafter .
References
Islamic universities and colleges in Pakistan
Belarusian Gothic ( ) is the architectural style of ecclesiastical buildings and fortified structures of the 15th and 16th centuries in modern Belarus , Lithuania , eastern Poland and western Ukraine .
Although these buildings have features typical of Gothic architecture such as lofty towers , flying buttresses , pointed arches and vaulted ceilings , they also contain elements not typically considered Gothic by Central and Western European standards .
Terminology
The term was introduced by Belorussian historian Mikoła Ščakacichin in his work `` Essays from the history of Belarusian art '' in the 1920s . Initially supported by Belorussian historians , in 1960s-80s it gained recognition amongst some of the Russian and Lithuanian historians .
Depending on the area it can also be referred to as Ukrainian and Lithuanian .
History
With the baptism of the Grand Prince Vladimir the Great and the Christianization of the Kievan Rus ' , the region 's architecture became heavily influenced by Byzantine architecture .
During the 13th century and start of 14th century , the Slavic principalities are eventually subjugated by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , a pagan state which was fighting against the Teutonic Order 's expansion . The Grand Duchy became a dominant power in the 14th century , featuring a developed Lithuanian nobility . Lithuanian rulers started building Brick Gothic castles and establishing Catholic churches , which were also constructed in Brick Gothic . Contacts with the Teutonic order and Europe allowed to hire experienced architects .
The Act of Krėva in 1386 caused the Christianization of Lithuania and increased communication in western and southern Europe . Christianization of Lithuania led to more intensive expansion of Western culture and namely , Gothic style into Orthodox lands .
During this period , the Gothic style came to the Slavic regions . In central and southern Europe however , it was already being displaced by Renaissance architecture .
In 1346 the Orthodox Cathedral of the Theotokos , Vilnius in Vilnius , was constructed , before the Lithuanian state had become Catholic . ( see history of Roman Catholic Lithuania ) .
Architecture
Belarusian Gothic combines Byzantine , Gothic , and Renaissance architecture . Although some buildings have a north-German Brick Gothic design , others are plastered . Window arches are primarily pointed , but blind arcades and Lombard bands have round arches . Most churches have rib vaults , but there are also simple massive trunks such as those in Romanesque and Byzantine architecture . Most were fortified , with a short nave and a small tower at each corner ; others have an ordinary , high , Western bell tower .
References
Sources
Nigel Roberts , Belarus , p. 185 ( google books )
Rainer Lindner , Historiker und Herrschaft : Nationsbildung und Geschichtspolitik in Weißrußland im 19 . Und 20 . Jahrhundert , Verlag Oldenbourg 1999 , , S. 256 , II . Nation und Geschichte im Stalinismus → 3 . Rivalität der Mythen ( Nation-building and policy of history in Belarus in the 19th & 20th centuries ) – in German
Archives of Belarus , Church Architecture
Беларуская готыка ў пабудове культавых будынкаў XV-XVI стст . – Belarusian Gothic in religious buildings of the 15th and 16th centuries ( in Belarusian , very much illustrated )
Gothic architecture in Poland
Belarusian Gothic
Renaissance architecture in Belarus
Medieval Belarus
Schöngeising is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Fürstenfeldbruck ( district )
British Biographical Index in four vols . Edited by David Bank and Anthony Esposito . London : K.G . Saur . It is the key to the British Biographical Archive . Edited by Laureen Baillie and Paul Sieveking . Munich : K.G . Saur , 1984- . 1236 fiches .
The collection includes 330,000 biographical entries from 324 reference books originally published between 1601 and 1929 . Most major reference libraries have it . In digital online form , it forms part of the World Biographical Information System Online
British biographical dictionaries
Ghostly Swim is a free digital download album released in 2008 by Adult Swim and Ghostly International ( through Williams Street Records ) . The track listing contains songs arranged and recorded in an unusual avant-garde style of pop , rock and hip hop . A sequel album , Ghostly Swim 2 , was released in 2014 .
Track listing
Michna – `` Triple Chrome Dipped '' ( 3:19 )
Dabrye – `` Temper '' ( 2:49 )
The Chap – `` Carlos Walter Wendy Stanley '' ( 2:56 )
Dark Party – `` Active '' ( 4:20 )
Tycho – `` Cascade '' ( Live Version ) ( 3:56 )
JDSY – `` All Shapes '' ( 1:56 )
Deastro – `` Light Powered '' ( 2:26 )
Matthew Dear – `` R+S '' ( 3:44 )
FLYamSAM – `` The Offbeat '' ( 2:18 )
Cepia – `` Ithaca '' ( 3:37 )
Aeroc – `` Idiom '' ( 3:34 )
The Reflecting Skin – `` Traffickers '' ( 4:08 )
School of Seven Bells – `` Chain '' ( 4:23 )
Ben Benjamin – `` Squirmy Sign Language '' ( 3:13 )
Kill Memory Crash – `` Hit + Run '' ( 5:08 )
Osborne – `` Wait A Minute '' ( 4:00 )
Milosh – `` Then It Happened '' ( 3:59 )
10:32 – `` Blue Little '' ( 4:31 )
Mux Mool – `` Night Court '' ( 3:17 )
Solvent – `` Hung Up '' ( 2009 bonus track )
References
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Adult Swim albums
Williams Street Records compilation albums
Schwaigen is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen , in Bavaria , Germany .
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen ( district )
Martyn Colin Dobson ( born 28 May 1982 ) is an English cricketer . Dobson is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break . He was born at Scunthorpe , Lincolnshire .
Dobson initially represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Northamptonshire in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy .
In 2002 , he joined Lincolnshire , making his Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Staffordshire . From 2002 to present , he has represented the county in 49 Championship matches . His debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in 2002 . From 2002 to present , he has represented the county in 28 Trophy matches .
Dobson also represented Lincolnshire in List A cricket when they were permitted to take part in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . His first List A match for the county came against Cheshire in the 2nd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 . He played 2 further List A match for the county against Norfolk in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2003 and against Glamorgan in the 2nd round of the same tournament , this time played in 2004 .
In his career total of 4 List A match , he scored 159 runs at a batting average of 39.75 , with 2 half centuries and a high score of 90 , while in the field he took a single catch . With the ball he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 78.50 , with best figures of 1/50 .
Since October 2012 Dobson has been the Cricket Development Manager at Welbeck Colliery Cricket Club .
References
External links
Martyn Dobson at Cricinfo
Martyn Dobson at CricketArchive
1982 births
Living people
Cricketers from Scunthorpe
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Miss Malaysia 1969 , the 3rd edition of the Miss Universe Malaysia , was held on 10 July 1969 at the Grand Mutiara Hotel , Johor . Sabrina Loo of Penang was crowned by the outgoing titleholder , Maznah Ali of Johor at the end of the event . No national pageants were held from 1966 to 1968 .
Unfortunately , Loo was not able to represent Malaysia on the grounds of not willing to compete . Following the rules of the pageant , in any reason the winner can not fulfill her duty , the first runner-up will take over . In this case , the runner-up Rosemary Wan replaced her as the winner . She represented Malaysia at Miss Universe 1969 pageant in Miami , Florida . This was the first time in the history of Miss Universe Malaysia where the runner-up represents the country at the international stage .
Results
Delegates
- Badariah Abdul Aziz
- Sharifah Noor Syed Salim
- Badariah Ariffin
- Lisa Lee
- Sandra Jacqueline Van Geyzel
- Rosalina Mehmet
- Sabrina Loo
- Catherine Da Silva
- Chang Choon Thow
- Rosemary Wan Chow Mei
- Khairon Mohamed Noor
References
External links
1969 in Malaysia
1969 beauty pageants
1969
Beauty pageants in Malaysia
Toda is a Dravidian language noted for its many fricatives and trills . It is spoken by the Toda people , a population of about one thousand who live in the Nilgiri Hills of southern India . The Toda language originated from Toda-Kota subgroup of South Dravidian .
Phonemic inventory
Vowels
For a Dravidian language , Toda 's sixteen vowels is an unusually large number . There are eight vowel qualities , each of which may occur long or short . There is little difference in quality between the long and short vowels , except for , which occurs as when short and as when long .
Consonants
Toda has an unusually large number of fricatives and trills . Its seven places of articulation are the most for any Dravidian language . The voiceless laterals are true fricatives , not voiceless approximants ; the retroflex lateral is highly unusual among the world 's languages .
Voiceless fricatives are allophonically voiced intervocalically in Toda . There are also the invariably voiced fricatives , though the latter is marginal . The nasals and are allophonically devoiced or partially devoiced in final position or next to voiceless consonants .
All of these consonants may occur in word-medial and word-final positions . However , only a restricted set occur word-initially . These are in boldface above .
Unlike the other dental consonants , is interdental . Similarly , is labiodental whereas the other labials are bilabial .
Apical consonants are either alveolar or postalveolar . The actual feature that distinguishes and is uncertain . They have the same primary place of articulation . Spajić and colleagues have found that the rhotic that may occur word initially ( erroneously called `` dental '' in previous literature , perhaps because Dravidian coronals tend to be dental by default ) has a secondary articulation , which they have tentatively identified as advanced tongue root until further measurements can be made . This analysis is assumed in the transcription .
Another difference between them is that is the least strongly trilled , most often occurring with a single contact . However , unlike a flap , multiple contacts are normal , if less common , and is easily distinguishable from the other trills when they are all produced with the same number of contacts .
The retroflex consonants are subapical . Retroflex is more strongly trilled than the other rhotics . However , it is not purely retroflex . Although the tongue starts out in a sub-apical retroflex position , trilling involves the tip of the tongue , and this causes it to move forward toward the alveolar ridge . This means that the retroflex trill gives a preceding vowel retroflex coloration the way other retroflex consonants do , but that the vibration itself is not much different from the other trills .
Grammar
Verbal Morphology
As described by Murray B. Emeneau , in his `` Toda Grammar and Texts , '' the entire Toda verbal system is based on the addition of many suffixes to the two base verb stems , stem 1 ( henceforth , S1 ) and stem 2 ( henceforth , S2 ) . There are fifteen classes of verbs in Toda , each of which uses one of four suffixes to form its S2 from its S1 . A short summary is given below :
1Emeneau lists the rule `` S1 -ṟ/-ɬ/-ṛ/-ꞎ/-ḍ/-x + -t- = S2 -ṯ/-ṯ/-ṭ/-ṭ/-ṭ/-k ; S1 -r/-l/-n/-s̠/-ḷ/-ṇ + -t- = S1 -d/-ḏ/-ḏ/-ḏ/-ḍ/-ḍ '' for this class .
To each of these stems , further suffixes may be added to create verb forms indicating different tenses and moods . The following table summarizes them :
See also
E. E. Speight , who was compiling Toda grammar in the period before his death
Notes
External links
The Toda Language , as part of the Endangered Languages project
Toda at the UCLA Phonetics Archive
Toda resources
Toda swadesh list
Bibliography
Emeneau , Murray B . 1984 . Toda Grammar and Texts . American Philosophical Society , Memoirs Series , 155 . Philadelphia : American Philosophical Society .
Siniša Spajić , Peter Ladefoged , P. Bhaskararao , 1994 . `` The rhotics of Toda '' . In UCLA Working Papers in Phonetics 87 : Fieldwork Studies of Targeted Languages II .
Agglutinative languages
Dravidian languages
Languages of Tamil Nadu
Languages of Kerala
Irymple Knights Soccer Club is an Australian soccer club from Mildura , Victoria . The club was founded by Mildura 's Croatian Australian community as Zagreb Mildura SC in 1978 . The club is a member of the Mildura Sunraysia Soccer Association and competes in the top competition .
The Knights are the most successful club in Mildura , having been Sunraysia league champions 11 times and Sunraysia Cup winners 7 times . The club has competed many times in the Australian-Croatian Soccer Tournament , and it hosted the event in 1984 .
External links
Official Website of the Irymple Knights
Croatian sports clubs in Australia
Sport in Mildura
Soccer clubs in Victoria ( Australia )
Association football clubs established in 1978
1978 establishments in Australia
Flight 185 may refer to :
SilkAir Flight 185 , crashed in 1997
Air Tahoma Flight 185 , crashed in 2004
0185
Alexander Breckenridge Craig ( born 2 April 1886 – 16 February 1951 ) was a footballer who played for Rangers , Greenock Morton and Ireland as a left back .
He is one of only four players born in what is now the Republic of Ireland to play for Rangers ; the others were Alex Stevenson , Jon Daly and James Lowry McAuley .
Career
Club
Galway-born Craig had moved to Scotland with his family by the time of the 1891 United Kingdom Census , residing in the Hutchesontown district of Glasgow . He joined Rangers from junior side Rutherglen Glencairn in January 1905 . His initial seasons at Ibrox Park coincided with a rare lean spell for the club , and he left without a single major winner 's medal . The closest he came was in 1905 when Rangers lost a replayed Scottish Cup final 3–1 to Third Lanark . In his last season , 1910–11 , Rangers did win the league title , but Craig made just a single appearance and so was not entitled to a medal .
By the time of his move to Greenock Morton , Craig was proving his versatility by slotting in regularly on the left-hand side of defence . In May 1914 he returned to Rangers , making his second debut in a Glasgow Charity Cup Final defeat by Celtic . He was a regular in the Gers side for the initial war-time campaign and was still on the club 's books when hostilities ended though his last appearances were made in April 1916 . Still without a significant club honour , Craig finished his playing days in the Western League with Johnstone .
International
Craig 's international career began as he reaped the benefits of Billy McCracken 's expulsion by the Irish FA . He made his Ireland debut in a 3–1 defeat by England in February 1908 , playing in each of that year 's British Home Championship ties at right-back . But it was at left-back that Craig played during each of the 1914 Home Championship games as Ireland claimed the title outright for the first time .
References
External links
1886 births
1951 deaths
Association footballers from County Galway
Irish association footballers ( before 1923 )
Pre-1950 IFA international footballers
Scottish Football League players
Rangers F.C . players
Johnstone F.C . players
Greenock Morton F.C . players
Rutherglen Glencairn F.C . players
Scottish Football League representative players
Association football fullbacks
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Footballers from Glasgow
People from Gorbals
The Cunningham C-4R was a sports car developed in 1952 for the Briggs Cunningham racing team . It won 10 races between 1952 and 1956 , including 8 race wins in its class , and scored an impressive 16 podium finishes .
Development history
The C-4R was the successor to the C-2R , with which Briggs Cunningham had competed at Le Mans in 1951 . Three chassis were built from the C-4R , two Spyders , and a Coupé . The vehicles were powered by a Chrysler V8 engine .
Racing history
Of all the racing cars built by Cunningham , the C-4R was the most successful . In 51 race starts , 12 victories were achieved ; 26 races ended with a podium finish . There were also eight class wins . The racing car type was driven for the first time in 1952 at the SCCA championship round in Bridgehampton . Phil Walters dropped out because of a defective exhaust . Briggs Cunningham and Bill Spear finished the 1952 24 Hours of Le Mans in fourth place overall and celebrated victory in the class for racing cars with displacement over 5 liters .
The first race victory was brought in September 1952 by John Fitch at the 200-mile race of Elkhart Lake . Fitch was the driver with the most wins with the C-4R . In total , he celebrated seven successes with this model .
The most important and significant overall victory was the success of Fitch and Walters in the 12-hour race at Sebring in 1953 , the first sports car world championship race in motorsport history . Third finishes at the 1953 Reims 12 Hours and the Le Mans 24 Hours the following year are also worth mentioning .
References
1950s cars
Sports cars
Cars of the United States
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Phyllonorycter caryaealbella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Georgia , Kentucky , Wisconsin and Florida in the United States .
The wingspan is about 5 mm .
The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis and Carya ovata . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf . The parenchyma is eaten off of the upper cuticle in a ring , leaving a green spot in the centre , which is then eaten off . The pupa is contained in an oval cocoon made of frass .
References
caryaealbella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1871
The B3 Biennial of the Moving Image ( German : B3 Biennale des bewegten Bildes ) is a cross-media moving image festival in Frankfurt , Germany . It features films , media art , games , and artistic confrontations with VR , AR and MR by international artists and creative minds . The main focus of the biennial is on the international discourse on the moving image and the developments in storytelling in the digital age .
As a successor to eDIT Filmmaker 's Festival in Frankfurt , it has been held at various venues in Frankfurt since 2013 – initially every other year , since 2019 annually . In 2019 , B3 took place for the first time in collaboration with the culture festival THE ARTS+ at the Frankfurt Book Fair .
In addition to films and exhibits , there are lectures , panel discussions , workshops and an awards ceremony where works from all moving image categories compete for the B3 BEN Award .
The exhibits shown in the past include :
2013 : a six meter wide dome for 360-degree FullDome-video projections at Weißfrauen-Diakoniekirche
2015 : world premiere of the split screen video `` The Wall – The Vertical Horizon '' by Rotraut Pape , realized over the course of 25 years
2017 : a 110-meter-long panorama on the facade of Städtische Bühnen Frankfurt featuring the video installation `` The Great Farce '' by Federico Solmi
2020 : the entire biennial was virtual and all talks ( e.g . with Terry Gilliam , Atom Egoyan etc . ) were streamed in a specifically created online format . Host like Johannes Grenzfurthner led through the multi-day virtual event .
The B3 is hosted by the Hochschule für Gestaltung Offenbach am Main ( University of Art and Design Offenbach ) . Its artistic director is the president of the university , Prof. Bernd Kracke .
History
The festival start of the Biennial of the Moving Image was 2013 with its theme `` Expanded Narration '' . The B3 festival strives to explore the expansion of narration and storytelling in art , games , cinema , TV series , immersion and transmedia . 2013 , eleven awards were offered : B3 Honorary Lifetime Achievement Award , BEN Grand Prize , BEN Young Talent Award , and Ultrashort # B3expandednarration and # B3live . The first B3 Main Award was given to Laurie Anderson .
In 2015 , the B3 explored the theme `` Expanded.Senses . Art Body Communication '' . It focused on art , film , TV , games , web , design , and science and cooperated with the Gamescom and the Central Academy of Fine Arts Beijing ( CAFA ) . The cooperation with the CAFA was formative for the festival . In June 2015 , 60 contemporary Chinese artists were presented in the exhibition `` B3+Beijing : Moving in Time '' . 10 of these artists were presented at the B3 Biennial in Frankfurt . The ten award winners of the exhibition were represented at the Biennial in Frankfurt . The main B3 BEN Award went to Brian Eno .
In 2017 , the Biennial attracted around 43,000 visitors . It focused its exhibitions , filmscreenings and conference program on the four main themes art , film , games and VR/AR/MR . The 110-meter-wide media art work `` The Great Farce '' received a particularly large media response . Its creator is Frederico Solmi .
In 2019 , the B3 Festival focused on art , film , games , AR/VR/MR , AI and immersive video environments . In this year , the main exhibition was held in cooperation with THE ARTS+ . The main exhibition as well as the Presentation of the B3 BEN Award took place at the Frankfurt Book Fair . The second venue , the VR_PARK , filmscreenings and VR-Works with a focus on political commentary and personal lifeworlds were presented .
In 2020 , the B3 Biennial had to be held as a hybrid format with its guiding theme `` Truths '' due to corona . This year , works in the categories Film , Art , Games and XR were presented . XR , Extended Reality , is a generic term for Virtual Reality , Augmented Reality , and Mixed Reality . The opening ceremony as well as the B3 BEN Awards and the film award ceremonies were streamed from the Astor Film Lounge in Frankfurt . The film and conference program were held virtually .
B3 BEN Award
The winners of the main awards from 2013 to 2020 are :
Oliver Stone ( 2021 )
Hito Steyerl ( 2021 )
Willem Dafoe ( 2020 )
Steve McQueen ( 2019 )
Jonas Mekas & Ingvild Goetz ( 2017 )
Brian Eno ( 2015 )
Laurie Anderson ( 2013 )
The current categories of the B3 BEN Awards are :
Lifetime Achievement Award
Most Influential Artist
Best Emerging Talent
Best VR/AR/MR Experience
Best Immersive and Time Based Art
Best Feature Film
Best Short Film
Best Documentary
As well as the B3 Rotraut Pape Inspiration Award .
Trailer
B3 2021 Trailer
B3 2020 Trailer
B3 2019 Trailer
B3 2017 Teaser
B3 2015 Trailer
B3 2013 Trailer
Literature
Bernd Kracke/Marc Ries ( Hrsg . ) : On Desire . Positionen zeitbasierter und immersiver Künste / Positions of time-based and immersive arts . transcript , 29 March 2018 , 200 pages . ISBN 978-3-8376-4285-8
Bernd Kracke , Marc Ries ( Hrsg . ) : Expanded Senses . New Conceptions of the Sensual , Sensorial and the Work of the Senses in Late Modernity . Frankfurt am Main , 2015 . ISBN 978-3-8376-3362-7
Bernd Kracke , Marc Ries ( Hrsg . ) : Expanded Narration . Das Neue Erzählen . transcript , 7 November 2013 , 800 pages . ISBN 978-3-8376-2652-0
References
External links
Official website
HFG Offenbach - Biennale des bewegten Bildes
Festivals in Germany
Culture in Frankfurt
The Permanent Peoples ' Tribunal is an international People 's Tribunal founded in Bologna , Italy , on June 24 , 1979 , at the initiative of Senator Lelio Basso .
History and functions
The Permanent Peoples ' Tribunal ( TPP ) was formally born in Bologna in 1979 as a direct continuation of the experience of the Russell Tribunal II with Latin American dictatorships ( 1974–1976 ) . It was promoted by Lelio Basso to denounce the crimes committed by the military regimes of the region . The will of the people and the victims of Latin America changed the occasional nature of Russell Court and it became a permanent forum of complaint for communities experiencing the absence and impotence of international law .
The TPP is a grass-root initiative and the result of the need to create an independent tool for researching and analysing for the cognitive , cultural , and doctrinal development to start the process of liberation and justice of the people . The TPP 's work is characterised by its subsidiary nature . Just as the Russell Tribunal , the existence of the Permanent People 's Tribunal is due , even today , to the absence of a competent international court to rule on the allegations and claims of individuals conceived in their collective dimension . The International Criminal Court , founded in 1998 , should have addressed—and with much larger resources—some of the functions carried out by the PPT , but it has often proven too slow and too much influenced by political decisions to perform its functions . Opinion tribunals , including the PPT , is therefore also a mean to push judicial courts based on intergovernmental treaties , such as the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice , to dare more and to reinforce their impartiality .
In terms of competences , the PPT goes beyond the recognition of individual criminal responsibility in order to assess also the responsibility of states , of business corporations and of international organizations . Its aim is to generate truth , memory and moral reparation .
The work of the TPP is based on the principles expressed in the Universal Declaration of the Rights of Peoples proclaimed in Algiers in 1976 and the main international instruments protecting human rights . The historical and geographical context of the Declaration , known as the Charter of Algiers , clearly links the general principles of the Declaration for the liberation struggles—which Resolution 1514 ( XV ) of the United Nations of 14 December 1960 had already put under the protection of international law—with the understanding that the right to self-determination could not be proclaimed as fulfilled and that it did not involve only the political phase of decolonization .
The scope of the concept of self-determination expressed in the Charter of Algiers must relate to the context and the principle of `` freedom '' which is not limited to a particular time and place and has , in this case , not an individual but a collective subject which is precisely , the people . In the Charter of Algiers and , therefore , in the Permanent People 's Tribunal , the principle of self-determination serves as legal support and target indicator of the struggles of peoples whose sovereignty is at risk due to external and internal forces the Tribunal has documented from 1979 to date . As is the case with the principle of self-determination , the concept of people in the Charter of Algiers is not unique , but rather presents a contextual or political significance not limited to a strict definition by the Declaration , but left to the free interpretation of those who , now and then , have used its principles over the years . According to the Charter , peoples are important collective subjects but marginalized by a law designed for States as the only recipients of rights , including the individual and collective dimensions in a single legal system serving both individuals and peoples .
The peoples in the history of the TPP belong to different groups with different needs , aspirations and real tragedies , which control the materiality and binding force of an international law continuing to be fragile . The original idea of the Russell Tribunal II and the TPP lies in the awareness that the formal recognition of the principles and rights is the starting point of a process of liberation in which collective identities , called “ Peoples , ” are the main actors . This process requires a permanent collective demand for the feasibility and applicability of these principles , recognized in many international law instruments .
Structure
The court is composed of a president , four vice-presidents , a secretary general and 66 international members , all recognized experts from different disciplines such as law , economy , sociology , arts , and literature .
Sessions
Since its establishment until today , the Tribunal has held 46 sessions on numerous cases of human rights violations . Its specificity , expressed in the TPP 's Statute , lies in applied research to cases of crimes against peace and against humanity , to cases of genocide and to crimes—not yet established—attributable to economic and political activities promoting poverty , inequality , exclusion . By observing the chronological development of the meetings , it is evident that the work of the Permanent People 's Tribunal is within the evolving framework of international law . The story told in the judgments of TPP traces a map of the last thirty years of the history of peoples and matches many of the most representative ties and challenges for the peoples and the law , in the context of historical situations where States or private actors ( transnational corporations ) weaken or create obstacles for the intervention of the international law .
The judgments of the TPP rely almost exclusively on sources of existing international law . However , it is important to remember that many of the judgments have gone beyond the mere application of existing rules and have evidenced legal contradictions or gaps , in order to indicate forms of application and commitment of future positive law .
List of sessions
46 . Session on Alleged violations of international law and international humanitarian law by the Turkish Republic and its officials against the Kurdish people and their organizations ( Paris 2018 )
45 . Session on the violation of human rights of migrants and refugee people ( 2017–2018 )
44 . Permanent Peoples Tribunal on Human Rights of Migrant and Refugee Peoples ( Launched Barcelona 2017 , on-going Session )
43 . Myanmar 's crimes against the Rohingya and Kachin Peoples I ( London , 2017 )
42 . Living wage for Asian garment workers as fundamental human right ( Sri Lanka 2011 ; Cambodia 2012 ; India 2012 ; Indonesia 2014 ; Sri Lanka 2015 )
41 . Fundamental rights , local community participation and infrastructure projects ( Torino-Almese , 5–8 November 2015 )
40 . Session on the Canadian mining transnational corporations ( on-going )
39 . Sri Lanka and the Tamil People II ( Bremen , 7–10 December 2013 )
38 . Free trade , violence , impunity and people 's rights in Mexico ( Mexico , 2011–2014 )
37 . Session on agrochemical transnational corporations ( Bangalore , 3–6 December 2011 )
36 . Sri Lanka and the Tamil People I ( Dublin , 14–16 January 2010 )
35 . Transnational corporations and the rights of peoples in Colombia ( Colombia , 2006–2008 )
34 . The Philippines II ( The Hague , 21–25 March 2007 )
33 . The European Union and transnational corporations in Latin America : policies , instruments and actors complicity in the violation of peoples ' rights ( Madrid , 14–17 May 2010 )
32 . Human rights violations in Algeria , 1992–2004 ( Paris , 5–8 November 2004 )
31. International Law and the new wars ( Roma , 14–16 December 2002 )
30 . Global multinationals and `` human distorted '' ( Warwick , 22–23 March 2000 )
29 . Elf-Aquitaine ( Paris , 19–21 May 1999 )
28 . Violations of the fundamental rights of children and adolescents in Brazil ( São Paulo , 17–19 March 1999 )
27 . The rights of workers and consumers in the garment industry ( Brussels , 30 April-5 May 1998 )
26 . Chernobyl : environment , health and human rights ( Vienna , 12–15 April 1996 )
25 . Violations of the fundamental rights of children and minors ( Trento , 27–29 March ; Macerata , 30 March ; Napoli 1–4 April 1995 )
24 . Crimes against humanity in the former Yugoslavia II ( Barcelona , 7–11 December 1995 )
23 . Crimes against humanity in the former Yugoslavia I ( Bern , 17–20 February 1995 )
22 . Asylum right in Europe ( Berlin , 8–12 December 1994 )
21 . Industrial risks and human rights II ( London , 28 November – 2 December 1994 )
20 . Industrial risks and human rights I ( Bhopal , 19–23 October 1992 )
19 . Tibet ( Strasburg , 16–20 November 1992 )
18 . The conquest of and international law ( Padua-Venice , 5–8 October 1992 )
17 . Impunity for crimes against humanity in Latin America ( Bogotá , 22–25 April 1991 )
16 . Brazilian Amazon ( Paris , 12–16 October 1990 )
15 . Porto-Rico ( Barcelona , 27–29 January 1989 )
14 . The policies of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank II ( Madrid , 1–3 October 1994 )
13 . The policies of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank I ( Berlin , 26–29 September 1988 )
12 . The interventions of the United States in Nicaragua ( Brussels , 5–8 October 1984 )
11 . Armenian Genocide ( Paris , 13–16 April 1984 )
10 . Guatemala ( Madrid , 27–31 January 1983 )
9 . Zaire ( Rotterdam , 18–20 September 1982 )
8 . Timor Orientale ( Lisbon , 19–21 June 1981 )
7 . Afghanistan Il ( Paris , 16–20 December 1982 )
6 . Afghanistan I ( Stockholm , 1–3 May 1981 )
5 . El Salvador ( Mexico , 9–12 February 1981 )
4 . The Philippines and the Bangsamoro people ( Anvers , 30 October-3 November 1980 )
3 . Eritrea ( Milano , 24–26 May 1980 )
2 . Argentina ( Genève , 3–4 May 1980 )
1 . Western Sahara ( Brussels , 10–11 November 1979 )
See also
Tibetan sovereignty debate
References
External links
Permanent Peoples ' Tribunal
Organizations established in 1979
Human rights organisations based in Italy
Organisations based in Bologna
People 's Tribunal
John Russell Kelso ( March 23 , 1831 – January 26 , 1891 ) was a nineteenth-century American politician , author , lecturer and school principal from Missouri .
Biography
He was born in Franklin County , Ohio in a log cabin and had five siblings . He received home education . In 1840 his family moved to Daviess County , Missouri .
In 1851 he married Mary Adelia Moore , a daughter of the Methodist clergy , and they had two children . He became a Methodist preacher himself and also worked as a teacher . After a break-up of his marriage in 1856 , he renounced his faith at the annual conference of the Methodist ministers .
Kelso graduated in 1859 from the Pleasant Ridge College , which was affiliated with a Missionary Baptist branch of the Old School , or Hard-Shell Baptist denomination in Weston , Missouri . He started a school in Buffalo , Missouri and married Susie Barnes , one of his students . They had a child of their own in addition to two daughters from the first marriage who stayed with the father .
Kelso continued to work as a school teacher until the Civil War started .
During the war
Kelso grew up in a pro-slavery family . Though he personally came to resent both slavery and slaveholders in his later life , he kept his views to himself . After the Civil War broke up in April , he publicly declared his pro-Union sympathies and joined the Home Guard regiment of Dallas County , Missouri , where he became a major . Kelso met with Nathaniel Lyon before the Battle of Wilson 's Creek . After Lyon 's army was defeated at Wilson 's Creek , Kelso 's Home Guard regiment dispersed . Kelso then joined the Union Army as a private in the 24th Missouri Infantry . His superior officers decided that Kelso can be employed as a spy , and in August 1861 he was sent on a secret mission to Springfield , Missouri . He completed several more through the fall and winter of 1861 on orders from Gen. Samuel Ryan Curtis . In February 1862 , he rejoined his regiment to take part in the Curtis ' campaign against Confederate forces led by Gen. Sterling Price .
Additionally , from June 2 , 1861 through March 29 , 1862 , Kelso served on the military-appointed Baltimore City Board of Police Commissioners , which oversaw the Baltimore Police Department .
In April 1862 Kelso was elected as a lieutenant of the Company H , 14th Missouri State Militia Cavalry . His service started with a humiliating defeat on May 31 , 1862 during the Skirmish at Neosho , where the 14th fled after facing the 6th Regiment of the Missouri Confederate Cavalry and the Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles . In August Kelso 's company was victorious in repulsing the Colonel Robert R. Lawther 's Confederate raiders , and in September took part in a scouting expedition that routed the bushwhacking Medlock brothers operating from Arkansas . He took part in the Second Battle of Springfield where he fought during the daytime and spied at night . Kelso developed a reputation of a skillful and fearless soldier , who successfully completed solo and group reconnaissance missions .
He continued his service in the Company M of the 8th Missouri State Militia Cavalry and was promoted to captain in spring 1864 . He performed scouting missions during the Price 's Missouri Expedition in September and October 1864 . Kelso 's war exploits became widely known in Missouri and he was nominated to Congress by his admirers . He ran as an Independent Republican against Col. Sempronius H. Boyd , his former regimental commander at the 24th Missouri Infantry .
United States House of Representatives
Kelso was elected as an Independent Republican to the United States House of Representatives in 1864 , serving from 1865 to 1867 , not being a candidate for renomination in 1866 .
While in Congress , on June 7 , 1867 , he introduced a resolution that would have impeached President Andrew Johnson . At the time , many Radical Republicans desired to impeach the president , while much of the Republican Party 's congressional caucus was not prepared to do so . While Kelso 's resolution was never voted on , the House did approve a sperate resolution that day by James Mitchell Ashley which launched the first impeachment inquiry against Andrew Johnson .
After the war
Afterward , he was principal of Kelso Academy in Springfield , Missouri , from 1867 to 1869 , moved to Modesto , California , in 1872 and moved again to Longmont , Colorado , in 1885 .
He was an author and lecturer until his death in Longmont on January 26 , 1891 . Kelso was interred on his estate near Longmont and was later disinterred , cremated and scattered .
Legacy
According to the historian Charles Elmo Ingenthron , Kelso is remembered in Missouri as a ruthless Union advocate :
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-01
Further reading
What a government should be : the concluding chapter of the forth-coming work entitled , Our government analyzed , by John R. Kelso , who died while in the midst of the work , which , at his request , was carried forward and completed by his wife , Etta Dunbar Kelso . Longmont , Colo. : Etta D. Kelso , 1892 .
Kelso , John R. and Ed . Grasso , Christopher . Bloody Engagements : John R. Kelso 's Civil War . New Haven : Yale University Press , 2017 .
Christopher Grasso , Teacher , Preacher , Soldier , Spy : The Civil Wars of John R. Kelso ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2021 )
External links
1831 births
1891 deaths
People from Franklin County , Ohio
Union Army officers
People of Missouri in the American Civil War
Missouri Independents
Independent Republican members of the United States House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Missouri
19th-century American politicians
MFK Chrudim is a Czech football club located in Chrudim . It plays in the Czech National Football League , which is in the second tier of the Czech Republic football league system .
History
The club played in the fourth level of football in 1994–1998 , in the third level in 1998–2004 and again in fourth level in 2004–2011 . In January 2011 , a merger took place between AFK Chrudim , a club founded in 1899 , and SK Chrudim . This new club became known as Městský fotbalový klub ( MFK ) Chrudim . In June 2011 , Chrudim were promoted to the third-tier Bohemian Football League , despite only finishing second in the Czech Fourth Division 's Divize C , due to an extra place becoming available following the withdrawal of České Budějovice B from the division above . It was also confirmed that from the start of the 2011–12 season , the club would be known as MFK Chrudim .
Chrudim won the Bohemian Football League in 2012 , however due to the condition of their stadium , second placed FK Pardubice was promoted in their place , and Chrudim remained in the third-level league . Chrudim developed their stadium , installing a grandstand in 2015 and making it suitable for a higher level of competition . After becoming champions of the Bohemian Football League again , in 2018 , Chrudim was finally allowed to participate in the Czech National Football League . After finishing 13th in their first season , 2018–19 , the club achieved 10th position in 2019–20 and 2020–21 .
Honours
Bohemian Football League ( third tier )
Champions ( 2 ) : 2011–12 , 2017–18
Players
Current squad
.
Out on loan
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1923
Sport in Chrudim
1923 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Robert Kinney ( April 12 , 1917 – May 2 , 2013 ) was an American businessman , fishery entrepreneur , and philanthropist . He served as the chief executive officer of General Mills from 1973 to 1981 , previously serving as chief financial officer . He was appointed Trustee Chair Emeritus of his alma mater , Bates College , in Lewiston , Maine and served for 27 years .
Early life and education
Earl Robert Kinney was born in Burnham , Maine , on August 12 , 1917 , to Harry E. and Ethel V. Kinney . He grew up near Pittsfield , Maine on a farm near the Sebasticook River . His father purchased him a livery stable in Pittsfield where they sold horses . He went on to attend Maine Central Institute , graduating in 1935 where he ranked third in his class and played football during his last two years .
He enrolled in Bates College , in Lewiston , Maine , and graduated from Phi Beta Kappa in 1939 . He graduated with a major in education and a minor in economics . He would end up receiving an honorary Doctor of Laws degree in 1985 . He paid his way through college by `` working and living in the home of Lewiston mill industrialist Scott Libbey Sr. '' and receiving a $ 500 scholarship from the college . He went on to attend Harvard University briefly , with an intention of becoming a history teacher , but dropped out to pursue business interests in Maine .
Career
North Atlantic Packing Co .
He began his business career in 1942 , with the Works Projects Administration . Kinney began caning crabs via fisheries along the Maine coastline . He withdrew a loan from Merrill Trust Co , in Bangor , Maine for $ 300 to start `` buying the crabs for a penny apiece and canning the crab meat , '' from the catchers in Bangor . He began looking into fisheries and fishing at University of Maine research department , where he discovered that crabs can be hermetically sealed in containers . He began to can crab and other seafood and sell them to distributors .
He relocated the business to on West Street in Bar Harbor in the Nickerson in 1943 . He slowly began growing his company by hiring women to can mussels and expanded to newer forms of products including clams , flaked cod and haddock , chowder mix , blueberry jam and sweet orange marmalade . He was soon contracted by U.S. Navy to produce marmalade , he produced 25 tons daily , and delivered them in 8-lb . camouflaged tins .
By the 1950s , his endeavors took the form to the North Atlantic Packing Co . It soon grew to be a $ 2 million-a-year business forcing on the distribution of canned crab and other products . The company , at its height , employed 400 , largely in Bar Harbor , Maine .
Gorton 's of Gloucester
Kinney went on to join Gorton 's of Gloucester , a seafood conglomerate based in Gloucester , Massachusetts . He continued his use of emerging food technology expand the company 's fish-based products , including the iconic fish stick . Within two years , he became Vice-President . His work would develop into the filet used in McDonald 's Filet-O-Fish . He became President of the company in 1958 . Under his leadership , the companies earnings `` went from $ 122,000 on sales of $ 12.1 million in 1958 to $ 1.44 million on sales of $ 71.9 million in 1968 . '' Gorton 's became the first company to receive the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's seal of approval on its frozen seafood products .
General Mills
In 1968 , General Mills acquired Gorton 's and appointed Kinney as head of operations , he moved to the company 's headquarters in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Kinney became the chief financial officer in 1969 and was subsequently appointed chief executive officer in 1973 . During his tenure as CEO , the company 's annual sales reached $ 5 billion ( from $ 3 billion ) , and its employment grew from 62,000 to 71,000 .
He went on to become the CEO of IDS Mutual Fund Group for most of the 1980s . Kinney stepped down from CEO in 1921 and retired from business the following year .
Trustee of Bates
He was appointed Trustee Chair Emeritus of his alma mater , Bates College , in Lewiston , Maine and served for 27 years . As a trustee , he supported the construction and development Pettengill Hall ( built in 1999 ) , and played a key role in establishing the foundation grant funding for the Olin Arts Center ( built in 1986 ) and `` established an endowed professorship in history and a scholarship fund . '' He served for nearly two decades as Chairman of Trustees .
Death and legacy
Kinney died in Arizona on May 2 , 2013 , at his second home . On his death he was the most generous donor to his alma mater . He was awarded the Benjamin Elijah Mays Medal , the highest award by the college .
References
1917 births
2013 deaths
People from Waldo County , Maine
Bates College alumni
Harvard University alumni
Works Progress Administration workers
Businesspeople from Maine
Businesspeople from Minneapolis
American chief financial officers
American chief executives of food industry companies
American chief operating officers
People from Somerset County , Maine
20th-century American businesspeople
S. William Rosenberg ( March 10 , 1916 – January 22 , 1990 ) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from 1961 to 1972 .
References
1916 births
1990 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York ( state ) Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Kalateh-ye Qanbar ( , also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qanbar ) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 176 , in 42 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Record FM ( sometimes called Record Radio or 97.7 Record FM ) is an Urban Contemporary radio station in Kampala , Uganda . Under the Brazilian free-to-air commercial television network ; Record Network was established on September 27 , 1953 . It is related to the Brazilian-based Universal Church of the Kingdom of God . Record FM Uganda is at 97.7 MHz , formed in 2010 and covering central , western , and southern Uganda plus some of northern Uganda .
Their slogan is `` Tusabula Hits All Day '' ( loosely translated as `` We Play Hits All Day '' ) . In 2019 , 97.7 Record FM was named the Fastest Rising Youth Radio Station by EJazz Media . Bigeye.ug wrote that internally-conducted research showed that 97.7 Record FM was the most listened to station in the central region , that listeners liked the selection of music and programmes , and liked their online presence especially the audio-visual production on its digital platforms .
97.7 Record FM has shows like UG-Breakfast , Hitlab , Big Evening , Hot 7 @ 7 Countdown , Love at Heart , and The Dance Floor by DJ Shiru .
References
External links
Radio stations in Uganda
Radio broadcasting companies of Uganda
Ugandan music
In mathematics , specifically in geometric topology , surgery theory is a collection of techniques used to produce one finite-dimensional manifold from another in a 'controlled ' way , introduced by . Milnor called this technique surgery , while Andrew Wallace called it spherical modification . The `` surgery '' on a differentiable manifold M of dimension , could be described as removing an imbedded sphere of dimension p from M. Originally developed for differentiable ( or , smooth ) manifolds , surgery techniques also apply to piecewise linear ( PL- ) and topological manifolds .
Surgery refers to cutting out parts of the manifold and replacing it with a part of another manifold , matching up along the cut or boundary . This is closely related to , but not identical with , handlebody decompositions .
More technically , the idea is to start with a well-understood manifold M and perform surgery on it to produce a manifold M′ having some desired property , in such a way that the effects on the homology , homotopy groups , or other invariants of the manifold are known . A relatively easy argument using Morse theory shows that a manifold can be obtained from another one by a sequence of spherical modifications if and only if those two belong to a same cobordism class .
The classification of exotic spheres by led to the emergence of surgery theory as a major tool in high-dimensional topology .
Surgery on a manifold
A basic observation
If X , Y are manifolds with boundary , then the boundary of the product manifold is
The basic observation which justifies surgery is that the space can be understood either as the boundary of or as the boundary of . In symbols ,
,
where is the q-dimensional disk , i.e. , the set of points in that are at distance one-or-less from a given fixed point ( the center of the disk ) ; for example , then , is homeomorphic to the unit interval , while is a circle together with the points in its interior .
Surgery
Now , given a manifold M of dimension and an embedding , define another n-dimensional manifold to be
Since and from the equation from our basic observation before , the gluing is justified then
One says that the manifold M′ is produced by a surgery cutting out and gluing in , or by a p-surgery if one wants to specify the number p. Strictly speaking , M′ is a manifold with corners , but there is a canonical way to smooth them out . Notice that the submanifold that was replaced in M was of the same dimension as M ( it was of codimension 0 ) .
Attaching handles and cobordisms
Surgery is closely related to ( but not the same as ) handle attaching . Given an ( n + 1 ) -manifold with boundary ( L , ∂L ) and an embedding : Sp × Dq → ∂L , where n = p + q , define another ( n + 1 ) -manifold with boundary L′ by
The manifold L′ is obtained by `` attaching a ( p + 1 ) -handle '' , with ∂L′ obtained from ∂L by a p-surgery
A surgery on M not only produces a new manifold M′ , but also a cobordism W between M and M′ . The trace of the surgery is the cobordism ( W ; M , M′ ) , with
the ( n + 1 ) -dimensional manifold with boundary ∂W = M ∪ M′ obtained from the product M × I by attaching a ( p + 1 ) -handle Dp+1 × Dq .
Surgery is symmetric in the sense that the manifold M can be re-obtained from M′ by a ( q − 1 ) -surgery , the trace of which coincides with the trace of the original surgery , up to orientation .
In most applications , the manifold M comes with additional geometric structure , such as a map to some reference space , or additional bundle data . One then wants the surgery process to endow M′ with the same kind of additional structure . For instance , a standard tool in surgery theory is surgery on normal maps : such a process changes a normal map to another normal map within the same bordism class .
Examples
Effects on homotopy groups , and comparison to cell-attachment
Intuitively , the process of surgery is the manifold analog of attaching a cell to a topological space , where the embedding φ takes the place of the attaching map . A simple attachment of a ( q + 1 ) -cell to an n-manifold would destroy the manifold structure for dimension reasons , so it has to be thickened by crossing with another cell .
Up to homotopy , the process of surgery on an embedding φ : Sp × Dq → M can be described as the attaching of a ( p + 1 ) -cell , giving the homotopy type of the trace , and the detaching of a q-cell to obtain N. The necessity of the detaching process can be understood as an effect of Poincaré duality .
In the same way as a cell can be attached to a space to kill an element in some homotopy group of the space , a p-surgery on a manifold M can often be used to kill an element . Two points are important however : Firstly , the element has to be representable by an embedding φ : Sp × Dq → M ( which means embedding the corresponding sphere with a trivial normal bundle ) . For instance , it is not possible to perform surgery on an orientation-reversing loop . Secondly , the effect of the detaching process has to be considered , since it might also have an effect on the homotopy group under consideration . Roughly speaking , this second point is only important when p is at least of the order of half the dimension of M .
Application to classification of manifolds
The origin and main application of surgery theory lies in the classification of manifolds of dimension greater than four . Loosely , the organizing questions of surgery theory are :
Is X a manifold ?
Is f a diffeomorphism ?
More formally , one asks these questions up to homotopy :
Does a SpaceX have the homotopy type of smooth manifold of a given dimension ?
Is a homotopy equivalence f : M → N between two smooth manifolds homotopic to a diffeomorphism ?
It turns out that the second ( `` uniqueness '' ) question is a relative version of a question of the first ( `` existence '' ) type ; thus both questions can be treated with the same methods .
Note that surgery theory does not give a complete set of invariants to these questions . Instead , it is obstruction-theoretic : there is a primary obstruction , and a secondary obstruction called the surgery obstruction which is only defined if the primary obstruction vanishes , and which depends on the choice made in verifying that the primary obstruction vanishes .
The surgery approach
In the classical approach , as developed by William Browder , Sergei Novikov , Dennis Sullivan and C. T. C. Wall , surgery is done on normal maps of degree one . Using surgery , the question `` Is the normal map f : M → X of degree one cobordant to a homotopy equivalence ? '' can be translated ( in dimensions greater than four ) to an algebraic statement about some element in an L-group of the group ring . More precisely , the question has a positive answer if and only if the surgery obstruction is zero , where n is the dimension of M .
For example , consider the case where the dimension n = 4k is a multiple of four , and . It is known that is isomorphic to the integers ; under this isomorphism the surgery obstruction of f is proportional to the difference of the signatures of X and M. Hence a normal map of degree one is cobordant to a homotopy equivalence if and only if the signatures of domain and codomain agree .
Coming back to the `` existence '' question from above , we see that a SpaceX has the homotopy type of smooth manifold if and only if it receives a normal map of degree one whose surgery obstruction vanishes . This leads to a multi-step obstruction process : In order to speak of normal maps , X must satisfy an appropriate version of Poincaré duality which turns it into a Poincaré complex . Supposing that X is a Poincaré complex , the Pontryagin–Thom construction shows that a normal map of degree one to X exists if and only if the Spivak normal fibration of X has a reduction to a stable vector bundle . If normal maps of degree one to X exist , their bordism classes ( called normal invariants ) are classified by the set of homotopy classes . Each of these normal invariants has a surgery obstruction ; X has the homotopy type of smooth manifold if and only if one of these obstructions is zero . Stated differently , this means that there is a choice of normal invariant with zero image under the surgery obstruction map
Structure sets and surgery exact sequence
The concept of structure set is the unifying framework for both questions of existence and uniqueness . Roughly speaking , the structure set of a SpaceX consists of homotopy equivalences M → X from some manifold to X , where two maps are identified under a bordism-type relation . A necessary ( but not in general sufficient ) condition for the structure set of a SpaceX to be non-empty is that X be an n-dimensional Poincaré complex , i.e . that the homology and cohomology groups be related by isomorphisms of an n-dimensional manifold , for some integer n. Depending on the precise definition and the category of manifolds ( smooth , PL , or topological ) , there are various versions of structure sets . Since , by the s-cobordism theorem , certain bordisms between manifolds are isomorphic ( in the respective category ) to cylinders , the concept of structure set allows a classification even up to diffeomorphism .
The structure set and the surgery obstruction map are brought together in the surgery exact sequence . This sequence allows determining the structure set of a Poincaré complex once the surgery obstruction map ( and a relative version of it ) are understood . In important cases , the smooth or topological structure set can be computed by means of the surgery exact sequence . Examples are the classification of exotic spheres , and the proofs of the Borel conjecture for negatively curved manifolds and manifolds with hyperbolic fundamental group .
In the topological category , the surgery exact sequence is the long exact sequence induced by a fibration sequence of spectra . This implies that all the sets involved in the sequence are in fact abelian groups . On the spectrum level , the surgery obstruction map is an assembly map whose fiber is the block structure space of the corresponding manifold .
See also
s-cobordism theorem
h-cobordism theorem
Whitehead torsion
Dehn surgery
Manifold decomposition
Orientation character
Plumbing ( mathematics )
Citations
References
External links
Surgery Theory for Amateurs
Edinburgh Surgery Theory Study Group
2012 Oberwolfach Seminar on Surgery theory on the Manifold Atlas Project
2012 Regensburg Blockseminar on Surgery theory on the Manifold Atlas Project
Jacob Lurie 's 2011 Harvard surgery course Lecture notes
Andrew Ranicki 's homepage
Shmuel Weinberger 's homepage
Ulysses is one form of the Roman name for Odysseus , a hero in ancient Greek literature .
Ulysses may also refer to :
People
Ulysses ( given name ) , including a list of people with this name
Places in the United States
Ulysses , Kansas
Ulysses , Kentucky
Ulysses , Nebraska
Ulysses Township , Butler County , Nebraska
Ulysses , New York
Ulysses , Pennsylvania
Ulysses Township , Potter County , Pennsylvania
Arts and entertainment
Literature
`` Ulysses '' ( poem ) , by Alfred Lord Tennyson
Ulysses ( play ) , a 1705 play by Nicholas Rowe
Ulysses , a 1902 play by Stephen Phillips
Ulysses ( novel ) , by James Joyce
HMS Ulysses ( novel ) , by Alistair Maclean
Ulysses ( comics ) , two members of a fictional group in the Marvel Comics universe
Ulysses Klaue , a character in Marvel comic books
Ulysses : Jeanne d'Arc and the Alchemist Knight , a light novel
Film and television
Ulysses ( 1954 film ) , starring Kirk Douglas based on the story of Homer 's Odyssey
Ulysses ( 1967 film ) , based on Joyce 's novel
Ulysses ( 2011 film ) , a 2011 Chilean film
Ulysses ( broadcast ) , a dramatised radio broadcast of Joyce 's novel
Ulysses 31 , a French-Japanese anime television program
Ulixes , a fictional spacecraft in the 4th season of Teenage Mutnt Ninja Turtles
Music
Ulysse ( Rebel ) , a 1703 French opera by Jean-Fery Rebel
Ulisse ( 1960–68 ) , an Italian opera by Luigi Dallapiccola
Ulysses , an English-language cantata by Mátyás Seiber
Ulysses ( band ) a German progressive rock band
Ulysses ( band ) , an American band
Tales of Brave Ulysses , Track on the album Disraeli Gears by the English band Cream
Ulysses ( EP ) , by Shimamiya Eiko
`` Ulysses '' ( song ) , by Franz Ferdinand
`` Ullyses '' , a song by Dead Can Dance from the album The Serpent 's Egg
Video games
Ulysses 1994XF04 , a fictional asteroid in the video game Ace Combat
Ulysses , an assumed name of the antagonist of the Fallout : New Vegas expansion Lonesome Road
Science and technology
ULYSSES ( cable system ) , a submarine communications cable network
Ulysses ( robot ) , a bomb-detecting robot
Ulysses ( spacecraft ) , a space probe designed to study the Sun
Ulysses ( text editor ) , a software product for creative writing
Ulysses butterfly ( Papilio ulysses ) a butterfly endemic to Australasia
5254 Ulysses , an asteroid
Typhoon Dolphin ( 2008 ) , a 2008 Pacific Typhoon known as Ulysses in the Philippines
Typhoon Vamco , a 2020 Pacific Typhoon known as Ulysses in the Philippines
Sport
Ulisses FC , a defunct Armenian football club
Ulysses F.C. , a former English football club
Vehicles
Maritime
, a 116-meter expedition yacht
, four ships of the British Royal Navy
, any of several ships
, any of several ships
SS Ulysses ( 1914 ) , a World War I-era steel-hulled screw steamer
, any of several ships of the U.S. Navy
USS Ulysses ( ARB-9 ) , a battle damage repair ship of the U.S. Navy
Other vehicles
Ulysses ( spacecraft ) , a space probe designed to study the Sun
Ulysses , manufactured by the Buell Motorcycle Company
Ulysses ( later Grierson ) , a GWR 3031 Class locomotive on the Great Western Railway between 1891 and 1915
Other uses
Ulysses Club , an international motorcycling club
Ulysses ( horse ) ( born 2013 ) , a thoroughbred racehorse
See also
Odysseus ( disambiguation ) , the Greek form of this name
Syed Abdul Qadir Gilani is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from July 2012 to 2013 . Previously he had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from June 2008 to July 2012 .
Early life and education
He was born on 29 April 1981 in Lahore .
He received the degree of Bachelor of Laws ( Hons ) in 2003 from the University of Hertfordshire .
Political career
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-150 ( Multan-III ) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in 2008 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 43,299 votes and lost the seat to Rana Mahmood-ul-Hassan .
He was elected un-contested to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PPP from Constituency PP-295 ( Rahimyar Khan-VIII ) in June 2008 .
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-151 ( Multan-IV ) as a candidate of PPP in by-polls held in July 2012 . He received 64,628 votes and defeated Shaukat Hayyat Khan Bosan .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-151 ( Multan-IV ) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 56,858 votes and lost the seat to Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan who received 96,632 votes . In 2018 he again ran for the seat now NA-154 ( old NA-151 ) but again lost , this time to a PTI candidate Ahmed Hussain Dehar .
References
Living people
1981 births
Politicians from Lahore
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2008–2013
Abdul Kadir
The 2016 Jinyuan Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the third edition of the tournament and part of the 2016 ITF Women 's Circuit , offering a total of $ 50,000 in prize money . It took place in Zhengzhou , China , on 16–22 May 2016 .
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 9 May 2016 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Kang Jiaqi
Tang Haochen
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Feng Shuo
Guo Shanshan
Kim Na-ri
Wang Yan
Champions
Singles
Anastasia Pivovarova def . Lu Jingjing , 6–4 , 6–4
Doubles
Xun Fangying / You Xiaodi def . Akgul Amanmuradova / Michaela Hončová , 1–6 , 6–2 , [ 10–7 ]
External links
2016 Jinyuan Cup at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2016 ITF Women 's Circuit
2016 in Chinese tennis
Zhengzhou Open
Trans Studio may refer to :
Trans Studio Bandung , a shopping mall , amusement park , and hotel in Bandung , Indonesia
Trans Studio Cibubur , a shopping mall , amusement park , hotel and apartment towers in Depok , West Java , Indonesia
Trans Studio Makassar , an amusement park and development in Makassar , South Sulawesi , Indonesia
Trans Studios Samarinda , an amusement park and hotel in Samarinda , Borneo , Indonesia
An election to Laois County Council took place on 20 June 1985 as part of that year 's Irish local elections . 25 councillors were elected from five electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a six-year term of office .
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Borris-in-Ossory
Emo
Luggacurren
Portlaoise
Tinnahinch
External links
Official website
irishelectionliterature
1985 Irish local elections
1985
The Georgios Papandreou Party ( ) was a political party founded by George Papandreou in 1950 .
The party was a continuation of Democratic Socialist Party of Greece . It ran in the 1950 elections and in the 1951 elections . In the 1952 Greek legislative election Papandreou collaborated with Greek Rally .
See also
Centre Union
Social democratic parties in Greece
Liberal parties in Greece
Defunct political parties in Greece
1950 establishments in Greece
1950s in Greek politics
Centrist parties in Greece
Political parties established in 1950
Georgios Papandreou
Anson Phelps Stokes , the 3rd ( January 11 , 1905 - November 7 , 1986 ) was the eleventh bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts in Boston , Massachusetts from 1956 to 1970 .
Biography
He was the son of Anson Phelps Stokes and grandson of Anson Phelps Stokes of Phelps Dodge . An alumnus of St. Paul 's School ( Concord , New Hampshire ) , he received a BA from Yale in 1927 , a BD from the Episcopal Theological School ( now the Episcopal Divinity School ) , a DD from Kenyon College and later degrees from Columbia , Berkeley Divinity School , and Suffolk University . He was ordained deacon in 1932 and priest on March 19 , 1933 in St Mark 's Church , Shreveport , Louisiana .
He was married to Hope Procter of the family which founded Procter & Gamble .
References
Web page about the three Anson Phelps Stokes
New York Times Obituary of Hope Procter widow of Rt . Rev . Anson Phelps Stokes
Episcopal Church Obituary of Hope Procter widow of Rt . Rev . Anson Phelps Stokes
1905 births
1986 deaths
Episcopal Divinity School alumni
Kenyon College alumni
Episcopal bishops of Massachusetts
Yale Divinity School alumni
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American clergy
Lew Allen Award for Excellence is a medal of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Established in 1986 as the Director 's Research Achievement Award ; it was then renamed in honor of JPL 's Director Lew Allen when he retired in 1990 . This award recognises significant accomplishments or leadership early in an individual 's professional career at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Lew Allen Award for Excellence Recipients
Source : Jet Propulsion Laboratory , California Institute of Technology
1990
Robert W. Fathauer and True-Lon Lin
Randall R. Friedl
Brian D. Hunt
William R. McGrath
1991
Michael H. Hecht
Kevin J. Hussey
Randy D. May
David P. Miller
1992
Lloyd D. Bell II
Edward T. Chow
James L. Fanson
Eric R. Fossum
1993
Pierre F. Baldi
Usama M. Fayayad
Seth R. Marder
Patrick J. Smyth
1994
Rajiv S. Desai
Sarath Gunapala
David C. Redding
1995
Steve A. Chien
George A. Hajj
Michael E. Hoenk
Gloria L. Manney
1996
Yi Chao
Alexander S. Konopliv
W. Thomas Pike
1997
Shouleh Nikzad
Bedabrata Pain
Paul Stolorz
1998
Michael E. Ressler
Eric J. Rignot
Simon H. Yueh
1999
James Bock
Son van Nghiem
Adrian Stoica
2000
Richard Dekany
Andrea Donnellan
Sabrina M. Grannan ( Feldman )
2001
Ayanna Howard
Ian Joughin
Victoria S. Meadows
Juergen Mueller
2002
Serge Dubovitsky
Andrew Edie Johnson
Dmitry Strekalov
2003
Jennifer Dooley
Christophe Dumas
Eui-Hyeok Yang
2004
Andrey Matsko
Alina Moussessian
Charles Norton
Michael Seiffert
2005
Daniel Stern ( aka Stevens )
Linda del Castillo
Lorene Samoska
2006
Amanda Hendrix
Harish Manohara
Adrian Ponce
2007
Jason Rhodes
Paul Johnson
2008
Pekka Kangaslahti
Ioannis Mikellides
Hui Su
Kiri Wagstaff
2009
Charles Matt Bradford
Cory Hill
Jeffrey Norris
Josh Willis
2010
Shannon Brown
Julie Castillo-Rogez
Amy Mainzer
Nathan Strange
2011
Ken Cooper
Kevin Hand
Richard Hofer
Eric Larour
2012
Marina Brozović
Ian Clark
Baris Erkmen
Christian Frankenberg
2013
Abigail Allwood
Carmen Boening
Michael Mischna
David Thompson
2014
Rodney Anderson
Michelle Gierach
Robert Hodyss
Aaron Parness , for development of new climbing robots and robotic grippers with widespread application to space and terrestrial exploration
2015
Darmindra Arumugam , for inventing and developing Active and Passive Magneto-Quasi-Static Positioning for long-range near-field positioning for non-line of sight environments
Sabah Bux , for leadership in the development of novel high performance high temperature nanocomposite bulk thermoelectric materials using advanced synthetic methods
Damon Landau , for innovation in mission architecting and mission design , and for leadership and creativity in the development of advanced mission concepts
Jason Williams , for innovative research in ultra-cold atoms , atom interferometry , and fundamental physics
2016
Mathieu Choukroun , for pioneering studies of the physical properties of cryogenic materials and contributions to MIRO and the US Rosetta mission
Andrew Klesh , for technical leadership of deep space smallsats and under-ice robotic rover technologies in support of terrestrial and outer planets exploration
Boon Lim , for leadership and technological innovation in the emerging field of microwave remote sensing science on nanosatellites
David Wiese , for exceptional leadership and research roles in GRACE data processing and Earth gravity science
2017
Piyush Agram , for major contributions to InSAR-based geodetic imaging and geophysical time series analysis
Nacer Chahat , for demonstrated unique talent as a leader in rapid spacecraft antenna development and telecom systems engineering for CubeSats
Arezou Khoshakhlagh , for technical innovation in developing the novel Gallium-free antimonides superlattice epitaxial material system for advanced mid-wavelength and long-wavelength infrared detectors
Sylvain Piqueux , for leadership in the study of surface thermal properties of terrestrial worlds , and support of JPL missions to these bodies
2018
Laura Barge , for pioneering research on the application of electrochemistry to studies of the origin and emergence of life .
Alex Gardner , for establishing a new unified system architecture to process Cryosphere data , leading to new scientific discoveries related to the evolution of polar ice caps .
Cecile Jung-Kubiak , for demonstrated excellence in the development of innovative silicon micromachining techniques that have enabled novel electromagnetic , mechanical , and propulsion devices .
Jose Siles , for the development of high-power ultra-compact room-temperature multi-pixel terahertz sources and receivers for balloon-borne and space instruments .
2019
Davide Farnocchia , for exceptional leadership and research roles in orbit reconstruction and prediction of asteroids and comets .
Marco Lavalle , for sustained leadership in creating and advancing new Earth-science applications of Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar .
Joseph Masiero , for his work in establishing the physical properties of near-Earth asteroids and the threats they pose to Earth .
Maria Fernanda Mora , for excellence in the development and validation of chemical analysis methodology and electrophoresis instruments for future life detection missions .
2020
Brian Bue , For exceptional contributions to machine-learning for remote sensing systems . Morgan Cable , For exceptional contributions to our understanding of chemistry on Titan 's surface . Benjamin Hamlington , For exceptional contributions to understanding sea level change . Sidharth Misra , For exceptional contributions to digital microwave radiometry . 2021
Ali Agha , For exceptional leadership and technological innovation in the emerging field of AI in support of autonomous exploration of extreme terrains . Emmanuel Decrossas , For outstanding leadership and technological innovation advancing the field of low frequency antenna simulation and measurements . Jonathan Hobbs , For outstanding accomplishments in research and development of uncertainty quantification approaches for atmospheric retrievals . Laura Kerber , For exceptional scientific leadership and research on the geology and geophysics of the terrestrial planets and of the Moon . ''
See also
List of space technology awards
List of awards named after people
References
American awards
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Dušan Samo Jurkovič ( 23 August 1868 , Turá Lúka – 21 December 1947 , Bratislava ) was a Slovak architect , furniture designer , artist and ethnographer . One of the best-known promoters of Slovak art in 20th century Czechoslovakia , he is remembered mostly due to his projects of numerous World War I cemeteries in Galicia and thanks to his wooden works of spa complex in Luhačovice and mountain cottage hotel Maměnka and canteen Libušín in Pustevny . Thanks to his artistic work with wood , he is referred to as `` the poet of timber '' . His architectonic style was a unique fusion of folk architecture and then-popular architectonic styles , mostly associated with Art Nouveau . Jurkovič repeatedly stressed : `` The work of art is rooted in the time . I also have always cautiously listened to its voice . ''
Biography
Jurkovič was born on 23 August 1868 in Turá Lúka , Austria-Hungary ( now part of Myjava , Slovakia ) , to a family of Slovak patriots . His grandfather was Samuel Jurkovič , the founder of the first Farmers Alliance in Slovakia , his uncle was Jozef Miloslav Hurban , a slovak writer , poet , priest and patriot , his father was a notary and his mother was a folk art connoisseur . He graduated from a local school in Sopron and moved to Vienna , where between 1884 and 1889 he studied at the National School of Industry under Camillo Sitte . He briefly worked in Martin , where he became fascinated with folk carpenters and their works in wood . Then he moved to Vsetín ( eastern Moravia ) , where he continued his studies at the atelier of Michal Urbánek . Together with his bureau he co-authored the buildings of the 1895 Czech-Slavonic Ethnographic Exhibition in Prague and also authored numerous other buildings in Bohemia .
In 1899 he moved to Brno , where he designed his own house and a new lodging house for the local school . During his stay in Brno he became friends with local Czech writers Jiří Mahen , Mrštík brothers and Josef Merhaut . Among his best-known designs realized in Brno was a villa in Žabovřesky , combining local folk art with the state-of-the-art modernist trends of Vienna . He also authored the design of the Society of Friends of Arts building , a distant cousin to Viennese Wiener Werkstätte and the geometric school . He also prepared a project of reconstruction of the castle in Nové Město nad Metují .
Mobilized by the Austro-Hungarian Army during the World War I , he became one of the most notable members of the War Graves Unit . He authored approximately 35 war cemeteries near Gorlice in Galicia ( now Poland ) , most of them heavily influenced by local Lemko ( Rusyn ) folk art and carpentry .
After the war he returned to newly founded Czechoslovakia and settled in Bratislava . Among the best known of his later works is the tombs of Jozef Miloslav Hurban and Milan Rastislav Štefánik , monument to Slovak National Uprising , and the cable car station at Lomnický štít in the High Tatras mountains . He died on 21 December 1947 .
Gallery
References
1868 births
1947 deaths
People from Myjava
Slovak Protestants
Slovak architects
19th-century Slovak people
20th-century Slovak people
Recipients of the Order of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
Rusyn culture
The rusty-breasted whistler ( Pachycephala fulvotincta ) , also known as the fulvous-tinted whistler , is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae . It is endemic to Indonesia , where it ranges from Java east to Alor and north to the Selayar Islands .
Taxonomy and systematics
The rusty-breasted whistler is variably considered as either a subspecies of the widespread Australian golden whistler or treated as a separate species , but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited , and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation . The name 'rusty-breasted whistler ' is also used as an alternate name for the rusty whistler .
Subspecies
Five subspecies are recognized :
P. f. teysmanni – Büttikofer , 1893 : Originally described as a separate species . Found on Selayar Islands ( south of Sulawesi )
P. f. everetti – Hartert , 1896 : Originally described as a separate species . Found on Tanahjampea , Kalaotoa and Madu Islands ( south of Sulawesi )
P. f. javana – Hartert , 1928 : Found on eastern Java and Bali
P. f. fulvotincta – Wallace , 1864 : Found on western Lesser Sundas
P. f. fulviventris – Hartert , 1896 : Originally described as a separate species . Found on Sumba Island ( south-central Lesser Sundas )
Description
Compared to other members of the golden whistler group , the rusty-breasted whistler is relatively small , and males have a white throat and a rust-tinged chest , except in the subspecies teysmanni from Selayar Islands where the plumage of the male is female-like .
Distribution and habitat
It is the westernmost member of the golden whistler group , being bordered to the east by the black-chinned and yellow-throated whistlers , and to the south by the Australian golden whistler .
References
rusty-breasted whistler
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
rusty-breasted whistler
A private natural heritage reserve ( – RPPN ) is a type of preservation area in Brazil .
The land is owned privately and may be used for research , education , eco-tourism and recreation .
However , this use must be compatible with the goals of preserving the environment and maintaining biodiversity .
Although the private reserves have been criticized , they are a valuable complement to publicly owned reserves .
History
The concept of a private natural heritage reserve ( RPPN ) has its origin in the `` Protective forest '' defined in the Forest Code of 1934 , an inalienable tax-exempt area that remained the property of its owner . The term was dropped from the Forest Code of 1965 , and the tax exemptions dropped the next year .
However , the Hunting Code of 1967 gave property owners the ability to prevent hunting on their property .
In 1977 the legal entity of a `` Private Refuge for Native Animals '' was introduced , in which hunting would be banned .
This was replaced ten years later by `` Private Fauna and Flora Reserve '' to cover protection of flora and marine fauna in addition to wild animals .
In 1990 the new name `` Private Natural Heritage Reserve '' was adopted with new rules , including the possibility of recognition of RPPN 's by state environmental agencies , a more democratic and perhaps less bureaucratic process .
Finally , the concept of the RPPN was spelled out in Law No . 9.985 of 18 July 2000 , which established the National System of Conservation Units ( SNUC ) .
As of January 2009 it was estimated that there were between 856 and 930 RPPN 's in Brazil covering about , including units recognized at the federal , state and municipal levels .
As of September 2009 there were 532 federally-recognized RPPN 's covering .
Various regional associations provide technical support to RPPN owners .
Definition
A private natural heritage reserve is a sustainable use conservation unit under SNUC .
Such units allow sustained use of renewable environmental resources , maintaining biodiversity and other ecological attributes .
The reserves are established in private areas in perpetuity to preserve biodiversity .
The owner is given incentives such as tax exemption .
The SNUC specifies that sustainable use of the renewable environmental resources must be compatible with the essential ecological processes , maintaining biodiversity and ecological attributes .
Sustainable use in this case includes scientific research and public visits for tourism , recreation and education .
Value
RPPN 's have been criticized for failing to conform to an overall plan for conservation at a national or regional level , for being dependent on the will of the owners , for being too small to have any effect in such a huge country and for lack of monitoring of RPPN management or effectiveness .
On the other hand , RPPN 's may have value due to their independence of political forces and their creation of additional protected areas on private land that may provide landscape connectivity , wildlife corridors and buffer zones around the other protected areas .
Private and public agencies can help protect , manage and monitor an RPPN .
And an RPPN , which is created without expropriations and gives value to the owner , may create less conflict than publicly owned units and more community involvement and awareness of the value of environmental conservation , restoration and research .
Examples
References
Sources
Types of protected area of Brazil
The olive-green tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes virescens ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , the tyrant flycatchers . It is found in the Guianas of Suriname , French Guiana , and eastern Guyana , with the Essequibo River ; also northeast Brazil , in the northeast Amazon Basin of Pará state , and Amapá . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
External links
olive-green tyrannulet
Birds of the Guianas
olive-green tyrannulet
olive-green tyrannulet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Teague Independent School District is a public school district based in Teague , Texas , United States . In 2009 , the school district was rated `` academically acceptable '' by the Texas Education Agency .
Schools
Teague High School ( grades 9–12 )
Teague Junior High School ( grades 5–8 )
Teague Elementary School ( grades PK–4 )
References
External links
School districts in Freestone County , Texas
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1619 .
Events
March – After the death of Richard Burbage , his place as leading actor of the King 's Men in London is filled by Joseph Taylor .
April – Ben Jonson visits the Scottish poet William Drummond of Hawthornden .
c. October – After the death of Samuel Daniel in Somerset , his place as Poet Laureate of the Kingdom of England is filled by Ben Jonson .
unknown dates
René Descartes has a dream that helps him develop his ideas on analytical geometry .
William Jaggard and Thomas Pavier publish in London the so-called False Folio , a collection of Shakespearean and pseudo-Shakespearean plays mostly with false imprints and dates .
New books
Prose
Johannes Valentinus Andreae
Turris Babel
Jacob Boehme – ( On the Three Principles of Divine Being )
Philipp Clüver
Sardinia et Corsica Antiqua
Siciliae Antique libri duo
Robert Fludd – ( The History of the Two Worlds , Volume 2 )
Johannes Kepler – ( an attack on Fludd 's Neoplatonist cosmology )
John Pitseus –
Samuel Purchas – Purchas his Pilgrim or Microcosmus , or the Historie of Man . Relating the Wonders of his Generation , Vanities in his Degeneration , Necessities of his Regenerations
Paolo Sarpi – History of the Council of Trent
John Taylor – A Kicksey Winsey , or , A Lerry Come-Twang
William Whately – A Bride-Bvsh ; or a Direction for Married Persons . Plainely describing the Dvties common to both , and peculiar to each of them
Drama
Anonymous – Two Wise Men and All the Rest Fools ( published )
Beaumont and Fletcher
A King and No King ( published )
The Maid 's Tragedy ( published )
Gerbrand Adriaensz Bredero
De klucht van de koe
John Fletcher – The Humorous Lieutenant
John Fletcher and Philip Massinger – Sir John van Olden Barnavelt
Lope de Vega – Fuente Ovejuna ( published )
Thomas Middleton – The Masque of Heroes
Poetry
Robert Carliell – ( a defence of the new Church of England )
George Wither – Fidelia
Births
March 6 – Cyrano de Bergerac , French soldier and poet ( died 1655 )
June 24 – Rijcklof van Goens , Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies 1678–81 and travel writer ( died 1682 )
November 7 – Gédéon Tallemant des Réaux , French biographer ( died 1692 )
December 28 – Antoine Furetière , French satirist ( died 1688 )
unknown dates
Morgan Llwyd , Welsh preacher , poet and writer ( died 1659 )
Shalom Shabazi , Jewish Yemeni poet ( died 1720 )
probable
William Chamberlayne , English poet , playwright , physician and Royalist soldier ( died 1703 )
Alice Curwen , English autobiographer and Quaker ( died 1679 )
Henry ( Heinrich ) Oldenburg , German-born editor , correspondent and Royal Society secretary ( died 1677 )
Deaths
February 9 – Lucilio Vanini , Italian philosopher ( born 1585 )
February 12 – Pierre de Larivey , Italian-born French dramatist ( born 1549 )
March 13 – Richard Burbage , English actor and theatre proprietor ( born c. 1567 )
July 12 – Olivier de Serres , French writer on agriculture and horticulture ( born 1539 )
October 14 – Samuel Daniel , English Poet Laureate and historian ( born 1562 )
October 18 – Petrus Gudelinus , Dutch jurist ( born 1550 )
October 19 – Fujiwara Seika , Japanese philosopher ( born 1561 )
probable
Ginés Pérez de Hita , Spanish novelist and poet ( born c. 1544 )
Pierre de La Primaudaye , French Protestant writer ( born 1546 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Mannochmore distillery is a Scottish Whisky distillery near Elgin .
History
The distillery was founded in 1971 by John Haig & Co . Between 1985 and 1989 , production was suspended and the distillery closed ; it was then reopened and in 1992 started producing a Mannochmore single malt . In 1996 the black Loch Dhu ( `` Black Loch '' in Scottish Gaelic ) single malt whisky was introduced , and has been gaining market favour despite ( or because of ) the rather unusual appearance and taste . After a brief re-closure in 1995 , the distillery only produces for twelve months and then has a break of twelve months alternating with the nearby Glenlossie distillery , with which it shares the employees .
As of 2008 , Mannochmore distillery has been operated year-round by its own crew of employees , though the ( in ) famous Loch Dhu has not been made since 1999 .
Production
The water of the region Speyside , which the distillery belongs to , comes from Bardon Burn . The malt is purchased from Castle Head Maltings in Elgin . The distillery has one mash tun ( 12 tonnes ) , eight washbacks ( 54,000 L ) , three washstills ( 14,400 L ) and three spirit stills ( 17,000 L ) . The distillery works run on steam .
See also
Whisky
Single malt whisky
List of distilleries in Scotland
References
Scottish malt whisky
Elgin , Moray
This list of Indonesian islands by area includes all Indonesian islands over 500 km2 in descending order by area .
References
See also
Indonesian Small Islands Directory
List of Indonesian islands by population
List of outlying islands of Indonesia
Area
Area
Lists of islands by area
Rack-rent denotes two different concepts :
an excessive rent .
the full rent of a property , including both land and improvements if it were subject to an immediate open-market rental review .
The second definition is equivalent to the economic rent of the land plus interest on capital improvements plus depreciation and maintenance—the normal market rent of a property—and is not inherently excessive . Also , this may be different from the rent actually being received .
Historically , rack-rent has often been a term of protest used to denote an unjustly excessive rent ( the word `` rack '' evoking the medieval torture device ) , usually one paid by a tenant farmer . The two conceptions of rack-rent both apply when excessive rent is obtained by threat of eviction resulting in uncompensated dispossession of improvements the tenant himself has made . I.e. , by charging rack-rent , the landowner unjustly uses his power over the land to effectively confiscate wages , in addition to merely charging the tenant interest and depreciation on the capital improvements which the landlord himself has made to the land .
When there is no accessible rent-free land , any improvements in the condition of society , be they in the form of civilizational progress or local improvement , are recaptured in the form of higher land values , and the leftover wages after rent is paid will tend towards subsistence , as described by David Ricardo 's Law of Rent . Such rents can be described as rack-rent , and this sense of the term is economically meaningful , and distinct from other forms of rent .
In Ulster in the 1700s , `` ... landlords were able to 'auction off ' leases to the highest bidders . That practice , known as 'rack renting ' , forced renters to bid more than they could afford to pay . ''
See also
Castle Rackrent
References
External links
Dictionary definition
Renting
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of the three regional zones of the 2018 Davis Cup .
In the Asia/Oceania Zone there were four different tiers , called groups , in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier . Winners in Group I advanced to the World Group Play-offs , along with losing teams from the World Group first round . Teams who lost their respective ties competed in the relegation play-offs , with winning teams remaining in Group I , whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group II in 2019 .
Participating nations
Seeds :
All seeds received a bye into the second round .
Remaining nations :
Draw
relegated to Group II in 2019 .
and advance to World Group Play-off .
First round
China vs. New Zealand
Pakistan vs. South Korea
Second round
China vs. India
Pakistan vs. Uzbekistan
Second round play-offs
South Korea vs. New Zealand
References
External links
Official Website
Asia/Oceania Zone Group I
Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Pierre Louis Alfred Duprat was a governor in the early 20th century French Colonial Empire .
Titles held
See also
Colonial and Departmental Heads of Guadeloupe
References
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
Governors of Réunion
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Veronica filiformis is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae . It is known by many common names , including slender speedwell , creeping speedwell , threadstalk speedwell and Whetzel weed . It is native to eastern Europe and western Asia , and it is known in many other regions as an introduced species .
Description
V. filiformis is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing mats of hairy stems that readily root at nodes that touch substrate . It is self-sterile and rarely seeds , being spread by stolons . The corolla of V. filiformis is four-lobed and blueish with a white tip , around 8–10 mm in diameter , the top lobe being largest since it is actually a fusion of two lobes . At the center are two long , protruding stamens . Solitary flowers occur in leaf axils . They are on relatively long , slender stalks that arise from the leaf axils , and appear between April and July . The leaves , found near the base of the stem , are 5–10 mm across , rounded or kidney-shaped with blunt teeth and short stalks , and smaller on distal parts . It is perennial . In Ireland , the plant was sewn into the clothing of travellers for good luck .
Status and habitat
A native to northern Turkey and the Caucasus , V. filiformis was introduced to the United Kingdom from Turkey in 1808 as a rock garden plant and was first reported as an escape in 1838 . It was introduced to the United States nursery trade in the 1920s . It can sometimes be considered a nuisance in lawns , sod , and turf . It is found in gardens , grassy paths and in meadows , where it prefers shade , moist soils , good fertility and a low mowing height .
It reproduces asexually by resprouting from separated sections of stem and rhizome and easily takes hold in new habitat . The plant is used as groundcover in gardens , and valued for its pretty blue flowers , but it is easily dispersed into the environment if it is chopped up , during mowing , for example . It is still cultivated , sold , and used in gardening .
Identification
V. filiformis is similar to other Veronica species , such as V. arvensis and V. chamaedrys , but can be distinguished by the size of its leaves and lack of seed capsules .
Common names
V. filiformis is known by the following common names :
Slender speedwell
Creeping speedwell
Threadstalk speedwell
Caucasian speedwell
Round-leaved speedwell
Creeping Veronica
Whetzel weed
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
filiformis
Flora of Turkey
Flora of the United Kingdom
Ferenci is a village near Ozalj , Karlovac County , Croatia .
Location
It is situated 20 km from Karlovac and 6 km northeast of Ozalj . It lies near the left bank of the river Kupa .
History
Before the signing of the Treaty of Trianon , Ferenci belonged to the Jaska part of Zagreb County .
Historical population
References
Populated places in Karlovac County
Comitas vezzaroi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae , the turrids and allies .
Description
The length of the shell attains 56.4 mm .
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Darwin , Australia .
References
Cossignani T. ( 2016 ) . Comitas vezzaroi nuova specie dell'Australia . Malacologia Mostra Mondiale . 90 : 29
External links
Worldwide Mollusc Species Data Base : Comitas vezzaroi
vezzaroi
Gastropods described in 2016
Gastropods of Australia
Party of Separated and Divorced ( in Spanish : Partido de Separados y Divorciados ) , is a political party in Spain .
External links
Official Party website
Articles on the party ( In Spanish )
Political parties in Spain
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Kansas 's 21st Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate . It has been represented by Democrat Dinah Sykes since 2017 ; Sykes was first elected as a Republican but switched parties in 2018 .
Geography
District 21 is based in Lenexa in the Johnson County suburbs of Kansas City , covering the vast majority of that city as well as smaller parts of Overland Park and Shawnee .
The district is located entirely within Kansas 's 3rd congressional district , and overlaps with the 14th , 16th , 17th , 22nd , 23rd , 24th , 30th , and 121st districts of the Kansas House of Representatives .
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 21
References
21
Johnson County , Kansas
The Sandpiper pipeline was a proposed underground oil pipeline project in the United States . It would have carried light crude oil from the Bakken oil fields in Northwest North Dakota , through Minnesota , to end in Superior , Wisconsin . Enbridge Energy Partners , and Williston Basin pipeline LLC , an indirect subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation had planned the project since 2013 . In 2015 Enbridge estimated the pipeline will cost about $ 2.6 billion .
In 2016 Enbridge announced the cancellation of the pipeline , their withdrawal of their state application and their request to end an environmental impact statement and regulatory proceedings .
History
The Sandpiper pipeline project was made public by the media in 2013 , and informational hearings for landowners took place in three North Dakota towns in March 2014 . The North Dakota Public Service Commission approved the pipeline in June 2014 . The Minnesota Public Utilities Commission unanimously approved the Sandpiper pipeline , but its decision was overturned in September 2015 .
In September 2016 , Enbridge Energy Partners announced that due to `` extensive and unprecedented [ regulatory ] delays [ which ] have plagued the Sandpiper pipeline , '' they were withdrawing their state application and asking for an end to regulatory proceedings , including work on an environmental-impact statement . An Enbridge spokesperson said that the pipeline may be reconsidered once the oil market rebounds but it was then `` outside the company 's current five-year planning horizon '' .
Purpose
In 2015 , Enbridge stated that `` The Sandpiper Pipeline serves the oil conducting needs of North Dakota residents , which constitutes a public benefit '' . Per Enbridge , the Sandpiper pipeline would have represented a `` public use '' as a `` statutorily defined public utility '' . According to Enbridge , its route was chosen with the `` greatest public benefit and the least private injury '' and that `` as long as the public benefit can be demonstrated , it is immaterial that private interests are also served . ''
Per Enbridge , the pipeline was necessary `` to meet demand for Bakken oil '' .
The corporation projects economic benefits of $ 69 million in property tax revenue for the 3 states , and 3000 construction jobs for workers in Minnesota and North Dakota .
Description
The pipeline would have entered Minnesota just south of Grand Forks , North Dakota , east to Clearbrook Enbridge 's terminal and then south toward Park Rapids along an existing crude oil corridor . Afterwards , the pipeline would have run along a transmission line corridor to Superior , Wisconsin .
The route of the pipeline would have travelled through 28 rivers , including the Mississippi River headwaters , and lakes and wetlands that could n't be reached by nearby roads when a spill occurs .
North Dakota portion
Informational hearings for landowners took place in three North Dakota towns during March 2014 . The North Dakota Public Service Commission approved the pipeline on 25 June 2014 .
Enbridge sued a Grand Forks couple in 2014 after they refused to give the Canadian corporation an easement and right-of-way on their property . The couple quoted NDPL 's abuse of eminent domain , continued reliance on fossil fuels , their effect on the environment , and the possibility for spills as arguments . In August 2015 the couple agreed to an easement and forfeited compensation , in order to file an appeal to the North Dakota Supreme Court .
Minnesota portion
In November 2013 , Enbridge applied at the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission ( MPUC ) . The MPUC unanimously approved the project , allowing an environmental review to be conducted at a later date . In September 2015 , the Minnesota Court of Appeals overruled the PUC decision as a violation of state law .
In a November 2014-Star Tribune commentary a Polk County commissioner , a Clearwater County commissioner and a Red Lake County commissioner opined , that the Sandpiper pipeline was the `` best choice for the state ... better than trucks or rail and also offer [ ing ] economic benefits . ''
In February 2015 , the White Earth Indian Reservation , represented by Winona LaDuke stated that the pipeline would cross a portion of its land , which Enbridge disputes . La Duke has been against the pipeline because it would violate Indian sovereignty and for environmental reasons .
The President of North America 's Building Trades Unions came out in a December 2015 commentary criticizing the Minnesota Court of Appeals decision , accused the court was `` robbing hard-working Minnesotans of jobs '' which would provide workers with a path to middle class .
See also
List of oil pipelines in North America
List of oil refineries
List of oil spills
References
Crude oil pipelines in the United States
Proposed pipelines in the United States
Cancelled energy projects
Enbridge pipelines
Oil pipelines in North Dakota
Oil pipelines in Minnesota
Oil pipelines in Wisconsin
Ilona Pál ( born 21 October 1954 ) is a Hungarian former sprinter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
She is the current Hungarian record holder in the 400m race with a time of 51.50 seconds , set on 11 August 1980 in Budapest , Hungary .
References
1954 births
Living people
Hungarian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic female sprinters
This is a list of ski areas and resorts in Africa .
Despite the general perception that Africa is too warm for snow , there are several ski areas that exist across the continent .
Algeria
Chréa
Tikjda
Lesotho
Afriski
Morocco
Ifrane
Mischliffen
Oukaimeden
South Africa
Tiffindell
Africa
Skiing in Africa
Ski
Ski
Hellinsia glenni is a moth of the family Pterophoridae described by Everett D. Cashatt in 1972 . It is found in North America , including Florida , Mississippi and California .
The wingspan is about .
The larvae feed on Solidago canadensis . They are stemborers .
References
glenni
Moths of North America
Fauna of California
Moths described in 1972
The Sokoto Grand Vizier , or Wazirin Sokoto , was the Grand Vizier to the Sultan of Sokoto , the Paramount Chief of the Sokoto Caliphate and suzerain of the Usman Danfodiyo Jihad states . The position survived the fall of the empire as a largely honorary ceremonial rank in contemporary Nigeria .
List of Grand Viziers
Shaikh Abdullahi bn Fodiyo ( 1804–1817 )
Gidado dan Laima ( 1817–1842 )
Abd al-Qadir bn Usman Gidado ( 1842–1859 )
Ibrahim Khalilu bn Abd al-Qadir ( 1859–1874 )
Abdullahi Bayero bn Gidado ( 1874-1886 )
Muhammadu Buhari Bin Ahmad ( 1886–1910 )
Muhammadu Sambo bn Ahmad ( 1910-1912 )
Abd al- Qadir Maccido bn Bukhari ( 1910–12 )
Adili bn Khalilu ( 1912–25 )
Abbas bn Bukhari ( 1925–28 )
Muhammadu Junaidu Bin Buhari ( 1948–1997 )
Usman bn Junaidhttps : //www.bbc.com/hausa/labarai-41699516 ( 1997-2018 )
Sambo Wali Junaidu ( 2018- )
References
Sokoto Caliphate
Grand viziers
Sowlat Mortazavi ( , born 5 May 1955 ) is an Iranian conservative politician and current Vice President of Iran for Executive Affairs .
He is former Mayor of Mashhad . He was elected as the Mayor by the City Council by 19 votes on 20 September 2013 and sworn in on 1 October . Before that , he was under-secretary in Politics of Ministry of Interior during Mostafa Mohammad-Najjar 's time as Interior Minister . He was also Mayor of Birjand from 1990 to 1999 .
He was appointed as head of Country 's Election Headquarters on 17 May 2011 . On 20 June 2017 , he was suspended from his position as Mayor of Mashhad and all political offices by administrative justice court after he prevented from auditing in the municipality .
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Society of Devotees of the Islamic Revolution politicians
Mayors of places in Iran
Governors of South Khorasan Province
Association of Muslim Journalists politicians
