The Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board ( SWLSB , , CSSWL ) is a school board headquartered in Rosemère , Quebec in Greater Montreal .
It officially came into existence in July 1998 when English-language schools from eight former school boards were amalgamated . Laurenval School Board , Laurentian School Board and Laurentienne School Trustees were merged , and the English sector of the other school boards of the Laval , Laurentides and Lanaudière administrative regions joined to form the new administrative entity .
The Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board is the third largest Anglophone school board in the Province of Quebec , Canada .
Service area
The service area , over large , includes the City of Laval and the Laurentides and Lanaudière regions .
Wards 11-19 serve portions of Laval .
Communities in Ward 1 :
Communities in Ward 2 :
Estérel
Mille-Isles
Morin-Heights
Saint-Sauveur
Sainte-Adèle
Sainte-Marguerite-du-Lac-Masson
Wentworth
Wentworth-Nord
Portions of Grenville-sur-la-Rouge
Communities in Ward 3 :
Brownsburg-Chatham
Grenville
Lachute
Portions of Grenville-sur-la-Rouge
Communities in Ward 4 :
Communities in Ward 5 :
Kanesatake
Oka
Pointe-Calumet
Saint-André-d'Argenteuil
Saint-Joseph-du-Lac
Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac
Saint-Placide
Portions of Deux-Montagnes
Communities in Ward 6 :
Saint-Eustache
Portions of Deux-Montagnes
Portions of Mirabel
Communities in Ward 7 :
Blainville
Boisbriand
Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines
Sainte-Thérèse
Portions of Terrebonne ( in areas formerly in La Plaine )
Communities in Ward 8 :
Bois-des-Filion
Lorraine
Rosemère
Communities in Ward 9 :
Charlemagne
Mascouche
Repentigny
Portions of Terrebonne ( within areas formerly in the Lachenaie and old Terrebonne municipalities )
Communities in Ward 10 :
Administrative facilities
The board 's head office is in the Administrative Centre on Montée Lesage in Rosemère , next to Rosemere High School . The board 's Educational Services/Complementary Services Centre is located in Rosemere High School near the gymnasiums , adjacent to the administrative building .
The district previously had its headquarters in the Duvernay area of Laval .
Schools
This school board oversees 26 elementary schools , 10 high schools , 5 adult and vocational centres , in which over 15,000 students are enrolled .
Elementary schools
Arundel - Arundel
Crestview - Laval
Franklin Hill - Repentigny
Genesis - Laval
Grenville - Grenville-sur-la-Rouge
Hillcrest Academy - Laval
John F. Kennedy - Laval
Joliette - Saint-Charles-Borromée
Jules Verne - Laval
Laurentia - St-Jérôme
Laurentian - Lachute
McCaig - Rosemère
Morin Heights - Morin-Heights
Mountainview - Deux-Montagnes
Our Lady of Peace - Laval
Pierre Elliott Trudeau - Blainville
Pinewood - Mascouche
Pinewood Elementary School , which is part of the Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board , is located in Mascouche , Quebec . The school admits kindergarten through sixth grade students . Prior to merging with Lewis King Elementary School , the institution used to be named Holy Rosary School , as it is next to Holy Rosary Catholic Church on Chemin des Anglais .
Rawdon - Rawdon
Souvenir - Laval
St-Jude - Deux-Montagnes
St-Paul/St-Paul Annex - Laval
St-Vincent - Laval
Ste-Adèle - Ste-Adèle
Ste-Agathe Academy - Ste-Agathe-des-Monts
Terry Fox - Laval
Twin Oaks - Laval
High schools
Joliette High - Joliette
Lake of Two Mountains - Deux-Montagnes
Laurentian Regional - Lachute
Laval Junior Academy - Laval
Laval Senior Academy - Laval
Phoenix Alternative - Laval
Rosemere High School - Rosemère
Ste-Agathe Academy - Ste-Agathe-des-Monts
Mountainview ( Batshaw ) - Prévost
Adult Education
CDC Laurier Boisbriand - Boisbriand
CDC Laurier Lachute - Lachute
CDC Laurier Pont-Viau - Laval
CDC Laurier Repentigny - Repentigny
CDC Laurier Vimont - Laval
Former schools
Secondary :
Mother Teresa Junior High School ( French : Mère-Teresa ) - Laval
Laval Junior High School
Sacred Heart Middle School - Laval
Batshaw High School ( Prévost )
Laurier Senior High School ( formerly used as Laval Catholic High School )
Laval Liberty High School
Western Laval High School ( separated in 2005 into Laval Liberty HS and Laval JHS )
Primary :
Holy Rosary - Mascouche
Lewis King - Mascouche
See also
Area Francophone school boards within the SWLSB territory :
Commission scolaire de la Seigneurie-des-Mille-Îles
Commission scolaire de Laval
Commission scolaire de la Rivière-du-Nord
Commission scolaire des Samares
List of English educational institutions in Quebec
Other Anglophone school boards in the Montreal area :
English Montreal School Board
Lester B. Pearson School Board
Riverside School Board
References
External links
SWLSB website ( French - English )
CDC Laurier website ( French - English )
List of SWLSB school web sites
Education in Laval , Quebec
School districts in Quebec
Quebec English School Boards Association
Education in Laurentides
Education in Lanaudière
Richard Irving Walcott ( born 1933 ) is a New Zealand geologist known for his work on plate tectonics .
Walcott studied at Victoria University College , graduating with a BSc in 1962 . He then completed his PhD at Victoria University of Wellington in 1965 , with a thesis on the Red Hill Complex at Nelson , and was awarded a DSc by thesis from the same institution in 1981 . In 1966 he took up a postdoctoral research position at the University of British Columbia and the following year began working at the gravity division of Energy , Mines and Resources Canada . He returned to New Zealand in 1975 , became professor of geology at Victoria in 1983 , retired in 1999 , and was granted the title of emeritus professor .
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand in 1982 , and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1991 . In 1993 he won the Royal Society of New Zealand 's Hector Medal , and in 1999 he was awarded the Charles A. Whitten Medal by the American Geophysical Union .
The Walcott Névé in the Ross Dependency was named for Walcott by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition in 1961–62 , of which he was the leader .
References
External links
Google Scholar
1930s births
Living people
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Victoria University of Wellington faculty
20th-century New Zealand geologists
New Zealand Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
Pneumospiruridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida .
Genera :
Metathelazia Skinker , 1931
Pneumospirura Wu & Hu , 1938
Vogeloides Orlov , Davtian & Lubimov , 1933
References
Nematodes
In geometry , a tetrahedral prism is a convex uniform 4-polytope . This 4-polytope has 6 polyhedral cells : 2 tetrahedra connected by 4 triangular prisms . It has 14 faces : 8 triangular and 6 square . It has 16 edges and 8 vertices .
It is one of 18 uniform polyhedral prisms created by using uniform prisms to connect pairs of parallel Platonic solids and Archimedean solids .
Images
Alternative names
Tetrahedral dyadic prism ( Norman W. Johnson )
Tepe ( Jonathan Bowers : for tetrahedral prism )
Tetrahedral hyperprism
Digonal antiprismatic prism
Digonal antiprismatic hyperprism
Structure
The tetrahedral prism is bounded by two tetrahedra and four triangular prisms . The triangular prisms are joined to each other via their square faces , and are joined to the two tetrahedra via their triangular faces .
Projections
The tetrahedron-first orthographic projection of the tetrahedral prism into 3D space has a tetrahedral projection envelope . Both tetrahedral cells project onto this tetrahedron , while the triangular prisms project to its faces .
The triangular-prism-first orthographic projection of the tetrahedral prism into 3D space has a projection envelope in the shape of a triangular prism . The two tetrahedral cells are projected onto the triangular ends of the prism , each with a vertex that projects to the center of the respective triangular face . An edge connects these two vertices through the center of the projection . The prism may be divided into three non-uniform triangular prisms that meet at this edge ; these 3 volumes correspond with the images of three of the four triangular prismic cells . The last triangular prismic cell projects onto the entire projection envelope .
The edge-first orthographic projection of the tetrahedral prism into 3D space is identical to its triangular-prism-first parallel projection .
The square-face-first orthographic projection of the tetrahedral prism into 3D space has a cuboidal envelope ( see diagram ) . Each triangular prismic cell projects onto half of the cuboidal volume , forming two pairs of overlapping images . The tetrahedral cells project onto the top and bottom square faces of the cuboid .
Related polytopes
It is the first in an infinite series of uniform antiprismatic prisms .
The tetrahedral prism , -131 , is first in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes , expressed by Coxeter as k31 series . The tetrahedral prism is the vertex figure for the second , the rectified 5-simplex . The fifth figure is a Euclidean honeycomb , 331 , and the final is a noncompact hyperbolic honeycomb , 431 . Each uniform polytope in the sequence is the vertex figure of the next .
References
John H. Conway , Heidi Burgiel , Chaim Goodman-Strass , The Symmetries of Things 2008 , ( Chapter 26 )
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes , Manuscript ( 1991 )
External links
4-polytopes
Operation Rainfall , commonly known as oprainfall , was a video game-oriented fan campaign founded to promote the release of games not available in North America . Initially aimed at promoting the North American release of three games on the aging Wii home video game console only released in Japan and Europe , it later transitioned into a community blog dedicated to niche Japanese games and further fan campaigns aimed at the localization of Japan-exclusive games . From inception , its stated intention was to show publisher Nintendo the demand for the three chosen games .
Beginning in 2011 , it was designed as a push for the release of Xenoblade Chronicles , The Last Story , and Pandora 's Tower , three games released late in the lifespan of the Wii . The campaign was acknowledged by Nintendo , and though they initially announced that they had no plans , all three games were eventually released in North America . Reception of the campaign has been favorable overall , and its perceived success when compared to similar earlier campaigns was also noted .
History
Origins
The campaign focused on three role-playing games created for Nintendo 's Wii home video game console during the last years of its life : Xenoblade Chronicles , The Last Story , and Pandora 's Tower . Xenoblade Chronicles , developed by Monolith Soft , was an entry in the Xeno series , initially announced as an original project dubbed Monado : Beginning of the World . It was announced under this title at the 2009 Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) , but its title was changed to honor earlier Xeno games created by the game 's writer Tetsuya Takahashi . The Last Story was developed by Mistwalker , a company created by Hironobu Sakaguchi and intended to be a game that ran contrary to typical elements of the genre based on feedback from the company 's previous games Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey . Pandora 's Tower was developed by Ganbarion , who had previously worked primarily on licensed games and pitched the concept to Nintendo after favorably impressing them with their work on Jump Ultimate Stars . Despite hopes from fans and journalists that the games would be released in North America , Nintendo gave no comment on the matter . The only explanation for the lack of localization was related to The Last Story : Nintendo stated that due to their work on Kirby 's Epic Yarn and games for the new Nintendo 3DS , The Last Story was too much effort . Nintendo of Europe did want to feature Xenoblade Chronicles at E3 2011 , but Nintendo 's American branch prevented it without explanation . In response to this and continued silence on both The Last Story and Pandora 's Tower , Operation Rainfall was born .
Concept and later development
Following the announcements concerning the three games , Operation Rainfall came into existence in an effort to persuade Nintendo to bring the games to North America . Xenoblade Chronicles and The Last Story were chosen for their genealogy , while Pandora 's Tower was selected due to its unique mechanics and the fact that it was also published by Nintendo for the Wii . The team also decided on the games as they were already confirmed for an English release in Europe and had received critical acclaim in Japan , so they avoided trying to push for the release of critically and commercially unsuccessful games such as Earth Seeker . The campaign 's name stemmed from the group 's wish to reach out to Nintendo of America with requests . Beginning in June 2011 on the message boards of gaming site IGN , it was met with support from the gaming community . Its campaign was spread across letters and emails to Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aimé , in addition to campaigns on Facebook and Twitter . Both physical and digital media were chosen for the campaign to make them more obvious and less able to be deleted , as a purely digital campaign would have been . To this end , letters and objects inspired by the games were sent to Nintendo of America .
Operation Rainfall gave itself an eighteen-month deadline , with the conclusion of their campaign planned to coincide with the release of Nintendo 's new Wii U home console in November 2012 . The first phase of the campaign focused on Xenoblade Chronicles , with a part of their campaign resulting in large numbers of pre-orders being placed for the game on Amazon.com under its placeholder name : the game reached # 1 in the site 's pre-order list , beating both The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time 3D and the PlayStation 3 bundle for Call of Duty : Black Ops . The second phase of the campaign coincided with the European release of Xenoblade Chronicles , with the aim being for fans to make Wii purchases on its release date of August 19 , 2011 , in addition to further letters to Nintendo of America . Following the announcement of the game 's North American release , the group refocused their efforts on The Last Story . For Pandora 's Tower , the campaign expanded to pitching to recognized publishers of niche Japanese games , including Atlus , Xseed Games , Aksys Games , and NIS America . To fund the campaign , they asked for donations , offering a special wallpaper in return , and for larger contributions a special slip case for all three games .
While Xenoblade Chronicles was published in North America by Nintendo , The Last Story was taken up by Xseed Games . With the announcement of the North American release of The Last Story , the fan community launched their own site . Dubbed `` Oprainfall '' , it continued news coverage of the original three games , in addition to extending to other similar niche games and hosting fan petitions . Pandora 's Tower was also eventually released in North America , once again by Xseed Games . As of 2015 , the site has transitioned from a fan campaign hub to a blog and news site focusing on Japanese games considered niche in the West , in addition to continuing support for similar fan campaigns .
Public reaction
When it first appeared and gained popular support , Operation Rainfall drew considerable media attention , being covered by Kotaku , IGN , Eurogamer , GamesRadar , Joystiq , Game Informer , Destructoid , and Japanese gaming sites Inside Games and ITMedia . In addition to popular and press support , it received favorable responses from Soraya Saga , the writer for Xenogears and Xenosaga , and Mistwalker .
More extensive coverage has been given by some sites . VentureBeat noted that , while comparable with other similar campaigns , Operation Rainfall was notable for maintaining an identity during its efforts . Zach Kaplan of Nintendo Life said that the campaign needed to make a clear mark , showing that the success of the then-announced Xenoblade Chronicles was not a fluke . In a later feature for the same website , Thomas Whitehead said that the otherwise niche and slightly unremarkable Pandora 's Tower had been granted a level of mystery and anticipation among fans through its inclusion in the Operation Rainfall campaign . In an interview feature conducted after the announcement of a North American release for Pandora 's Tower , PC World noted that Operation Rainfall was going against the trend with its complete success in pushing to bring all three games to North America . In particular , it compared them to the unsuccessful efforts by fans to bring Japan-exclusive installments of the Mother series to the West .
The campaign was also noted by the game 's publishers . Nintendo acknowledged the campaign and its effort in the same month it began , but said that there were no plans to release the three games in North America . Three months into the campaign , several Nintendo employees were asking the group to stop their campaign . In 2013 , speaking about Xenoblade Chronicles , Fils-Aimé said that while the campaign had not been a decisive factor in their ultimate decision to release the game in North America , they did take it into consideration . In an interview concerning their role in localizing The Last Story , Xseed stated that Nintendo had long been open to partnering with another company for a North American release , and that Operation Rainfall had not influenced Nintendo . Later , in their press announcement concerning Pandora 's Tower , they acknowledged that it was a game with a `` vocal '' fan base , but did not mention Operation Rainfall by name . They also stated that it was the positive sales and fan efforts for The Last Story that prompted them to release the game in North America .
References
External links
Video game news websites
Video game culture
Video game fansites
Nintendo
Video game organizations
Video game journalism
Video game fandom
Xenoblade Chronicles
John Albert Newton Friend ( 20 July 1881 – 15 April 1966 ) was a British chemist and educator who specialized in the chemistry of corrosion and its prevention . He was among the first to note that chromium enhances the corrosion resistance of steel . He edited a multi-volume textbook of inorganic chemistry .
Friend was born in Newton Abbott , son of a Methodist clergyman , and after the family moved to Birmingham , he was educated there at King Edwards ' School and then went to Birmingham University , receiving a BSc in 1902 and MSc in 1903 . His teachers included John Henry Poynting and Percy Frankland . He taught for a while at Watford Grammar School to enable him to pay for his study at the University of Würzburg , receiving a doctorate in 1908 . He then taught chemistry at the Darlington Technical School until 1912 when he became headmaster at the Victoria Institute Science and Technical Schools , Worcester . During World War I , he served with the Royal Engineers . He moved to the Birmingham Technical College in 1920 and worked there until his retirement in 1946 . During World War II , he was involved in training the home guards on chemical warfare .
Friend wrote a number of popular books on chemistry and worked especially on corrosion and its prevention , colloid chemistry , electrochemistry , as well as inorganic chemical reactions . Outside of chemistry , he also took an interest in the history of witchcraft , Birmingham , recreational mathematics and numerology :
The Theory of Valency , 1909
An Introduction to the Chemistry of Paints , London , 1910
Elementary Domestic Chemistry , London , 1911
The Corrosion of Iron and Steel , London , 1911
Editor : Textbook of Inorganic Chemistry , 22 volumes , London , 1914–1930
The Chemistry of Linseed Oil , London , 1917
The Chemistry of Combustion , London , 1922
Iron in Antiquity , London , 1926
A Textbook of Physical Chemistry , 2 volumes , London , 1932–1935 , reprinted 1948
Man and the Chemical Elements , London , 1951
Numbers : Fun and Facts , New York , 1954
Words . Tricks and Traditions , New York , 1957
Science Data , London , 1960
More Numbers ; Fun and Facts , New York , 1961
Demonology , Sympathetic Magic and Witchcraft , London , 1961
Still More Numbers : Fun and Facts , New York , 1964
References
External links
Textbook of Inorganic Chemistry ( volume-part )
1 3 3-2 4 5 6-1 7-1 7-3 9-1 10 11-1 11-2
1881 births
1966 deaths
British chemists
Michael Phillips may refer to :
Michael Phillips ( Australian politician ) ( 1851–1905 ) , New South Wales politician
Michael Phillips ( consultant ) ( born 1938 ) , created MasterCard in 1966
Michael Phillips ( historian ) ( born 1960 )
Michael Phillips ( producer ) ( born 1943 ) , American film producer
Michael Phillips ( psychiatrist ) , Canadian psychiatrist
Michael Phillips ( figure skater ) ( died 2016 ) , British figure skater and ice dancer
Michael Phillips ( critic ) ( born 1961 ) , American film critic
Michael Phillips ( footballer ) ( born 1983 ) , English footballer
Michael Phillips ( barista )
See also
Mike Phillips ( disambiguation )
Mikael Phillips , Jamaican politician
Carmen Miguelina Polanco Isais ( born 19 May 1993 ) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a defender . She has been a member of the Dominican Republic women 's national team .
Early life
Polanco hails from Valverde Province .
International career
Polanco represented the Dominican Republic at the 2010 CONCACAF Women 's U-17 Championship qualifying stage and the 2012 CONCACAF Women 's U-20 Championship qualifying . At senior level , she capped during the 2012 CONCACAF Women 's Olympic Qualifying Tournament ( and its qualifying ) and the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games .
References
1993 births
Living people
Women 's association football defenders
Dominican Republic women 's footballers
People from Valverde Province
Dominican Republic women 's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
John Duncombe may refer to :
John Duncombe ( Bury St Edmunds MP ) ( 1622–1687 ) , English politician , Chancellor of the Exchequer
John Duncombe ( writer ) ( 1729–1786 ) , Church of England clergyman and writer
John Duncombe ( Yarmouth MP ) , represented Yarmouth ( Isle of Wight ) ( UK Parliament constituency )
Lollobrigida girls , also known as VIS Lollobrigida ( VIS is a Croatian language acronym for 'singing and instrument playing band ' , used often in the 1970s ) or Lollobrigida is originally a Croatian , Zagreb–based , female electro-pop/synthpop band . In 2008 . The Slovenes Kleemar , David , and Jernej joined the band rendering the group Croatian-Slovenian in its composition .
Lollobrigida band members
Ida Prester – vocals
Petra Cigoj – vocals
Kleemar ( Matej Končan ) – keyboards
Jernej Šavel – bass guitar
Ivan Levačić Levi – drums
Early history
As a duo , Lollobrigida performed for the first time at a bigger public concert in June 2003 in the student club KSET , as an opening band for German trash-style musician Mambo Kurt , attracting immediately a pronounced interest within Zagreb 's underground-music audience .
In the original lineup there were Ida Prester and Natalija Dimicevski singing and playing bass-guitar on top of their computer-generated music matrix . In February 2004 the duo performed as a sole band at the crowded concert in Zagreb 's Studentski centar ; after that they signed a contract with the Slovenian label Menart Records/DOP Records .
In June 2004 Lollobrigida performed at the third Zagreb Pride .
Lollobrigida 's first single , `` Party '' , was released in September 2004 soon becoming a pretty well-accepted hit , rendering the underground phenomenon into a name known to many , first in Croatia and latter on in the neighboring countries . Sizeable covering in Croatian media , involving print , radio , and television , release of an anti-holiday single `` Unhappy Christmas '' , and a performance at the big rock-concert Fiju Briju in Zagreb all enabled Lollobrigida to keep a high level of interest in the audience till the release of their debut album Cartoon Explosion , in May 2005 . The girls have promoted the album in the club KSET again . The introductory band at the latter concert was a hip-hop duo Bitcharke na travi from Serbia , Beograd .
VIS Lollobrigida
In 2006 Lollobrigida transformed to some extent their musical and stage-performing concept . Natalija left the band . Several instrumentalists , playing keyboards , guitar and bass , joined the band adding a new sound quality to the electronic matrix background . Unlike Ida , the band founder and the Lollobrigida constant , other band members were changing rather frequently . The prefix VIS has been also added to the band name . ( A sort of sentimental homage to pop-rock music of socialistic times ) . During that year Lollobrigida started working on their new album , 'Lollobrigida Incorporated ' , finally released in May 2008 , following the promo-concert taken place in Zagreb club Tvornica . In 2005 the single 'Bubblegum boy ' was released . Soon after , the accompanied video spot was broadcast by MTV Adria and many other local TV-networks . In 2006 the band increased its popularity by releasing the single and video spot 'Moj decko je gay ' ( meaning 'My boyfriend is gay ' ) . In 2008 , a few months before a release of the new album , the single ( and a video-spot ) 'Miss Right and Mrs. Wrong ' was launched , reaching the top positions on many Croatian musical top-lists . In June 2009. the single and the video spot 'Volim te ' was released reaching the top position on the 'Pure MTV Adria Chart list ' . The English version of the spot 'Volim te ' was promoted on MTV Adria in November 2009 . In 2010 . Lollobrigida released the single and videospot 'Bivša djevojka ' ( 'Ex-girlfriend ' ) and in 2011. the singles and videospots 'Kompjuter ' and 'Sex on TV , sex on the radio ' . In numerous interviews in Croatian media Ida Prester announced in 2011 work on the third band 's album . Immediately before its promotion the single 'Malo vremena ' was released . The third album by Lollobrigida , 'Pilula ' , was premièred on 21 . January 2012 at the concert held in the club Tvornica , Zagreb .
On 18.6.2012. single and the video 'Ja se resetiram ' ( ' I 'm resetting ' ) was released , immediately attracting some international attention .
Musical style and performances
Lyrics , music and stage performance appear to be equally important elements of the way that Lollobrigida band communicates with its audience . By insisting on honesty , simplicity and originality Lollobrigida keeps distance from standard musical and textual stereotypes , choosing instead a sort of genre indeterminacy . At variance with the latter elements , the perfection of their musical and vocal interpretations is not particularly cultivated . Ida Prester authors the lyrics of all the songs being simultaneously , taking into account the whole opus up to now , a leading author of all music as well . Critics have expressed variety of opinions about Lollobrigida ; some are denying any value and/or musical importance while there are also those remarking ' ... Lollobrigida is the biggest thing that Croatia gave to the international music scene in the past years ... ' . Time Out ( magazine ) , in its edition focusing life in Croatia , inserted band Lollobrigida on the list of 115 most prominent acts/individuals/places of contemporary Croatian culture .
Since their start-up Lollobrigida was performing at numerous concerts in Croatia , Serbia , Slovenia , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Hungary and Macedonia . On 1 September 2009 MTV Adria nominated Lollobrigida for the Best Regional Act Award , together with four bands from Slovenia , Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia . On basis of Internet voting Lollobrigida won the award , as announced on 12 October 2009 . The award was handed over to the band in the course of MTV Europe Music Awards 2009 show , which took place on 5 November 2009 in Berlin , Germany in O2 World hall .
Among their live performances one can especially single out a sequence of six well-accepted performances , from 2005 on , at EXIT ( festival ) , Novi Sad , Serbia . There , Lollobrigida became a sort of trademark of the festival 's 'Elektrana ' Stage . In 2009 . Lollobrigida performed for the first time at the 'Fusion ' Stage of EXIT ( festival ) and in 2010. , on 10 July , at the festival 's 'Main Stage ' . In 2012. and 2013. , Lollobrigida kept with their shows at EXIT ( festival ) , performing again on the Fusion Stage ( 2012 . ) and on a new EXIT ( festival ) ' s stage , ' Riffs & Beats ' ( 2013 . ) .
Discography
Albums
Cartoon Explosion ( 2005 . )
Lollobrigida Inc . ( 2008 . )
Pilula ( 2012 . )
Singles
Party ( 2004 . )
Nesretan Božić ( 2004 . )
Straight Edge ( 2005 . )
Bubblegum Boy ( 2005 . )
Ružna Djevojka ( 2005 . )
Moj decko je gej ( 2006 . )
Mrs.Right and Mr.Wrong ( 2008 . )
Volim te ( 2009 . )
Bivša cura ( 2010 . )
Kompjuter ( 2011 . )
Sex on TV , sex on the radio ( 2011 . )
Malo vremena ( 2012 . )
Ja se resetiram ( 2012 . )
Pilula ( 2012 . )
Stroboskop ( 2013 . )
Reklama ( 2013 . )
References
External links
MySpace pages
Examples of numerous video materials :
Volim te Video Spot
Moj decko je gej Video Spot
Some articleas and/or interviews in Croatian media ( in Croatian ) :
VIP portal
Index portal
DOP Magazin
Interview in Glas Slavonije
Interview in Novi tjednik
Croatian pop music groups
Musical groups established in 2003
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Kannaki ( English : The Eye ) is a 2002 Indian Malayalam-language tragedy film directed by Jayaraj and written by Sanjeev Kilikulam . It stars Nandita Das , Lal , Siddique , Kalpana , Geethu Mohandas and Manoj K. Jayan . It is an adaptation of William Shakespeare 's play Antony and Cleopatra . This is Jayaraj 's second film adaptation of a Shakespeare play , the first being Kaliyattam ( 1997 ) . Lal plays Manickam , the equivalent to Antony . Nandita Das plays Kannaki , the equivalent to Cleopatra and Manoj K. Jayan plays Gounder , Octavius Caesar 's role . Nandita Das ' role as Kannaki was critically acclaimed and is considered one of her finest acting performances in her career .
Plot
Manickam and Choman are best friends in a local village . Manickam excels in the local game of cockfighting and has acquired the mastery of the game and of the bird . Manickam is actually fighting for Choman in his regular cockfights against the Gounder .
Kannaki likes Manickam and Choman 's sister Kumudam admires him . Kannaki and Manickam become very close and he takes a decision to marry her . When Choman learns of this , he is furious . He wants Manickam to marry his sister and goes to the extent of announcing their wedding at a public function . Manickam meets Kumudam and explains to her that he has a brotherly affection to her and not of that of a lover . Kumudam is heart-broken , but maintains a level of loyalty in hope that , Manickam will realize her love . Choman is angered by all this and feels betrayed by his best friend . Choman and the Gounder has a falling-out with Kannaki .
Kannaki meanwhile , out of love , tries to get Manickam out of the local game and enviously out of the clutches of Kumudam . A local fortune teller Kanakamma keeps feeding ideas and false news into Kannaki 's ears about Manickam . On her idea , Kannaki provides an untrained cock on the pretense that she had trained the cock to fight , to Manickam . Manickam takes the cock to fight , against Choman 's cock . Manickam loses the fight and comes home to say Kannaki has cheated him . There she tells him she did this to have Manickam all to herself and away from Choman and the Gounder .
Choman and Gounder pair up to defeat Manickam at a local festival . They know that Manickam will come to the cock fight . When Kumudam learns of Choman and Gounder 's plan , she pleads to her brother to not fight against Manickam , to which the Gounder says if she wants Manickam , they have to separate Kannaki from him . And their separation is only possible if this fight takes place .
Later , Kanakamma comes to Manickam and says Kumudam wants to meet him in private . After he goes to speak to Kumudam , Kanakamma goes inside and tell Kannaki that Manickam is cheating on her , and as proof she can go outside and see Manickam and Kumudam speaking . Meanwhile , at a distance Manickam is telling Kumudam that he still sees her as a sister , and nothing else . Kumudam says she still loves him , and they depart . Kannaki then approaches Kumudam and says , Kumudam should n't meet Manickam again . Kumudam lies to her that she can not stop herself from seeing her child 's father who is Manickam , and that they have met like this many times before . Kannaki is shocked and asks Kumudam what she should do , to which Kumudam says she should let Manickam come back to her .
Kannaki then sees a local snake seller , and gets the most poisonous snake from him . Later Manickam is seen gifting Kannaki with a wedding saree to wear for their wedding . He says they will marry right after the game , which he is sure to win . Kannaki dresses up as a bride , and wishes Manickam the best for the game . As soon as he leaves , she tells Ravunni to tell Manickam after the game that she left from that place , and that Manickam should forget her and marry Kumudam . He also tells Ravunni that she will be in the inside the Sarpa Kavu , waiting for Ravunni 's skill in convincing Manickam , and until he tells her that Manickam left to stay with Kumudam , she will not come out .
Manickam wins the game , seriously injuring Choman 's cock , and a fight erupts . Gounder runs away , and at the end of the fight , Manickam and Choman finds their friendship stronger than ever . Manickam returns home with the winning cock announcing his victory , but when Ravunni delivers Kannaki 's message to him , he is grief-stricken and shocked as to why Kannaki did this to him . He locks the house , and attempts to fight with the cock . He lets the cock wound and scratch him , and continues till the cock pecks at his jugular vein on the neck . Meanwhile , Ravunni unsuccessfully tries to stop Manickam from outside the house , and runs to Kannaki . Initially , she does not come out , but when Ravunni tells her what Manickam did to himself , she comes out and goes to stop him from going crazy . Manickam dies before Kannaki reaches him . When she finds him dead , she lets out a deep wail and cry . She then removes the snake she bought earlier , and lets it bite her . She dies beside Manickam .
Cast
Nandita Das as Kannaki
Lal as Manickam
Geetu Mohandas as Kumudam
Siddique as Choman
Cochin Haneefa as Ravunni
Manoj K. Jayan as Gounder
Kalpana as Kanakamma
Sajan as manickam 's friend
Soundtrack
Film had notable songs composed by Kaithapram Vishwanathan Nambudiri , who debuted through this film , and lyrics penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri .
References
2001 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Cockfighting in film
Films based on Antony and Cleopatra
Films directed by Jayaraj
Kosmos 880 ( meaning Cosmos 880 ) was a satellite which was used as a target for tests of anti-satellite weapons . It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1976 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme , and used as a target for Kosmos 886 , as part of the Istrebitel Sputnikov programme .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket , from Site 132/2 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome . The launch occurred at 20:00 UTC on 9 December 1976 .
Kosmos 880 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 65.8 degrees of inclination , and an orbital period of 96.3 minutes . It was successfully intercepted and destroyed by Kosmos 886 on 27 December . The last catalogued piece of debris decayed from orbit on 9 December 2001 .
Kosmos 880 was the fourth of ten Lira satellites to be launched , of which all but the first were successful . Lira was derived from the earlier DS-P1-M satellite , which it replaced .
See also
1976 in spaceflight
References
1976 in spaceflight
1976 in the Soviet Union
Intentionally destroyed artificial satellites
Satellites formerly orbiting Earth
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1976
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Landis Arnold ( born August 6 , 1960 ) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
References
1960 births
Living people
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Boulder , Colorado
Leuggelbach railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Süd in the Swiss canton of Glarus . It takes its name from the nearby village of Leuggelbach . The station is situated on the Weesen to Linthal railway line , and served by the hourly Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal .
References
Railway stations in the canton of Glarus
Swiss Federal Railways stations
The World According to Ion B . ( Romanian : Lumea văzută de Ion B . ) is a 2009 HBO Romania and Alexander Nanau Production documentary film . The film was written , produced , directed , and photographed by Alexander Nanau .
The film depicts the dream of a man living on the streets : to one day become famous and leave behind a life of poverty , misery and humiliation . The title character , Ion Barladeanu , is on his way to becoming an important contemporary artist , but in May 2008 he was still anonymous and living homeless on the streets of Bucharest .
It was the first Romanian film to win an American Academy Award when it won the International Emmy Award for Best Arts Programming in 2010 .
References
External links
The official site for The World According to Ion B .
International Emmy Awards
Romanian documentary films
Documentary television films
Emmy Award-winning programs
2009 television films
2009 films
Documentary films about homelessness
Films shot in Bucharest
Documentary films about visual artists
International Emmy Award for Best Arts Programming winners
Volkan Bozkır ( born 22 November 1950 , Ankara ) is a Turkish diplomat and politician who has served as the President of the United Nations General Assembly since 2020 . He served as Minister for European Union Affairs from November 2015 to May 2016 and previously held the same office from August 2014 to August 2015 . He concurrently served as the Chief Negotiator for Turkish Accession to the European Union during the same time .
He was elected as the president of The United Nations General Assembly on 17 June 2020 for the 75th session , becoming the first-ever Turkish diplomat to hold this position .
Early life and education
Volkan Bozkır was born in Ankara , Turkey . He graduated from Faculty of Law at the Ankara University . He speaks fluent English and French .
Career
He has served as a Member of Parliament for İstanbul 's second electoral district since the 2011 general election . Volkan Bozkır is a career diplomat and a defendant of the Turkish position regarding the Armenian genocide but also its anti-terror laws . While being the Turkish Minister for the European Union ( EU ) and also the leading negotiator in the Turkish accession talks to the EU denied there existed an Armenian genocide . After the EU issued a draft for the Turkey progress report in 2015 including a demand that Turkey accepts that there existed an Armenian genocide , he declared that Turkey would n't answer an EU report containing the term genocide . Also in 2015 , he criticized Pope Francis for including the term Genocide in a sermon he held in a mass at the St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome . As the EU demanded that Turkey adapts its anti-terror regulations according to EU normatives . Bozkır opposed the demand stating the anti terror laws regulations are already in line with the EU demands . As the EU Parliament voted for the accession talks to be suspended in March 2019 , Bozkır , as the head of committee for foreign affairs in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey condemned the vote .
On the 17 June 2020 , he was elected as the president of the 75th General Assembly of the United Nations , which is to take place September 2020 as the sole candidate with unanimous support from the 178 UN member states that were present in voting that was conducted by secret ballot . Armenia , Greece and Cyprus , while initially supportive , decided later to oppose the candidacy , allegedly due to diplomatic conflicts .
Timeline of career
Honours and medals
Criticism
Bozkır caused controversy in 2014 when he reported during a press conference that Turkey would no longer participate in the Eurovision Song Contest after Conchita Wurst 's victory in Eurovision Song Contest 2014 . On September 5 the General Manager of TRT , İbrahim Şahin , officially announced that Turkey would not return to Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Vienna . Bozkır 's comments during the press conference included `` Each time I look at the Austrian who won the Eurovision Song Contest , I say 'Thankfully , we 're not participating in this contest anymore . ' ''
Pakistan , in May 2021 , conferred its second highest civilian award Hilal-e-Pakistan to Volkan Bozkir when he was the visiting UN General Assembly President . During his visit to Pakistan , Volkan Bozkir said that it was Pakistan 's duty to raise the Jammu and Kashmir dispute in the United Nations `` more strongly '' and also that there was a lack of political will to find a resolution to the Kashmir dispute compared to the Palestinian issue , even though both have been festering for an equally long period . '' A day later , the Ministry of External Affairs of India expressed strong opposition to Bozkir 's remarks stating that `` When an incumbent President of the UN General Assembly makes misleading and prejudiced remarks , he does great disservice to the office he occupies . The PGA 's behaviour is truly regrettable and surely diminishes his standing on the global platform , ''
References
1950 births
Living people
Justice and Development Party ( Turkey ) politicians
Ambassadors of Turkey to the European Union
Ambassadors of Turkey to Romania
Deniers of the Armenian genocide
Deputies of Istanbul
Members of the 24th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 26th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 64th government of Turkey
Ministers of European Union Affairs of Turkey
Recipients of the Order of the Star of Romania
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Turkish diplomats
Presidents of the United Nations General Assembly
Recipients of Hilal-i-Pakistan
Ross Point ( ) is a point forming the southeast side of the entrance to Varvara Cove on the southwest side of Nelson Island in the South Shetland Islands , situated 7.85 km southeast of Harmony Point . The point was charted by DI personnel on the Discovery II in 1935 .
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Geography of Nelson Island ( South Shetland Islands )
Headlands of the South Shetland Islands
The Fellowship of Evangelical Churches ( FEC ) is an evangelical body of Christians with an Amish Mennonite heritage that is headquartered in Fort Wayne , Indiana , United States . It contains 60 churches located in Colorado , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Ohio , and Pennsylvania .
History
Beginnings as Egly Amish
In the first half of the 19th century , the time before the Amish split into Amish Mennonites and Old Order Amish , several members of the Amish Egly family immigrated from Baden , Germany , to North America . Among them was Henry Egly ( 1824–1890 ) . Egly was elected deacon of a Berne-Geneva Amish church in Indiana . In 1858 , Egly was then elected bishop of the Berne-Geneva Amish Church . Egly , who insisted on the new birth experience , withdrew from the Amish church . Approximately half of the congregation withdrew as well . In 1866 , the first Egly-Amish church was created in Berne , Indiana . In the beginning the Egly Amish church was very strict in regard to discipline and dress , but later developed in the same direction as the Amish Mennonites , that is towards the Mennonite mainstream , away from the Amish heritage .
Defenseless Mennonites
The Egly-Amish officially adopted the name `` Defenseless Mennonite '' on 6 November 1908 as the congregation wanted to be known as more Mennonite rather than Amish .
Evangelical Mennonite Church
In 1942 , the Defenseless Mennonites were charter members in the founding of the National Association of Evangelicals . Later , in 1948 , their name was changed to `` Evangelical Mennonite Church '' to reflect both their Anabaptist and Evangelical beliefs .
Fellowship of Evangelical Churches
On 2 August 2003 , the Evangelical Mennonite Church voted to be known as the `` Fellowship of Evangelical Churches '' , or FEC .
Doctrine
The Defenseless Mennonite Conference published its Confession of Faith , Rules and Discipline in 1917 . The confession of faith was revised in 1937 , 1949 , 1961 , and 1980 . It contains 12 articles of faith . The Lord 's Supper is observed with open communion .
Organization
The conference office is located in Fort Wayne , Indiana . The FEC organization is governed through a congregational form of governance . Local congregations elect delegates to a delegate body , which in turn elects the conference leadership . The conference is composed of 34 churches in the Midwest of the United States , with 5278 members . 55 percent of the churches are located in Illinois and Indiana . All FEC ministries are funded by voluntary donations of congregations and individuals .
Branches and connections
The Missionary Church Association came out of the `` Egly Amish '' in 1898 ( see Missionary Church ) .
The Evangelical Mennonite Church is a member of the National Association of Evangelicals .
Affiliated organizations
These organizations have their own governing boards but are affiliated solely with the Fellowship of Evangelical Churches .
Miracle Camp and Retreat Center
Life Change Camp and Retreat Center
Salem4Youth
Christian Service Foundation
Affiliated churches
Colorado
Lifegate Church
Idaho
Lakeview Bible Church
Illinois
Calvary Community Church
Crossroads Church of Monticello
Dewey Community Church
Eureka Bible Church
Grace Evangelical Church
Great Oaks Community Church
Groveland Evangelical Mennonite Church
Heartland Community Church
Jacob 's Well Community Church
Living Hope Community Church
New Beginnings Church
Northwoods Community Church
Oak Grove Evangelical Bible Church
Rock Creek Bible Church
Salem Church
Indiana
Berne Evangelical Church
Brookside Church
Crossview Church
Highland Gospel Community
Mission Church
Pine Hills Church
Pine Hills Kendallville
Sonlight Community Church
Upland Community Church
Westwood Fellowship
Kansas
Grace Community Church
Grace Community Fellowship
Grace Crossing
New Anthem Community Church
Sterling Evangelical Bible Church
Maine
The Hill
Life Community Church
Moss Brook Community Church
Michigan
Church of the Good Shepherd
Comins Mennonite Church
Lawton Evangelical Church
Neighborhood Church
The Remedy
Minnesota
The Real Tree Church
True North
Missouri
Bethel Fellowship Church
Freedom Point
Harrisonville Community Church
PeaRidge Community Church
Ohio
Archbold Evangelical Church
Catalyst Community Church
Christ the King Church
Crossroads Evangelical Church
Crossroads Church ( Napoleon )
Evermore Community Church
Life Church of Loraine County
Life Community Church
Oak Bend Church
Pathway Church
Solid Rock Community Church
Wave Community Church
Pennsylvania
River City Church
Literature
Frank S. Mead , Samuel S. Hill , and Craig D. Atwood : Handbook of Denominations in the United States .
Cornelius J. Dyck , Dennis D. Martin , et al. , editors : Mennonite Encyclopedia .
Glenmary Research Center : Religious Congregations & Membership in the United States ( 2000 ) .
References
External links
Evangelical Mennonite Church ( United States ) at Global Anabaptist Mennonite Encyclopedia Online
Christian Service Foundation
LifeChange Camp and Retreat Center
Miracle Camp and Retreat Center
Salem4Youth
Mennonite denominations
Evangelical denominations established in the 19th century
Religious organizations established in 1865
Members of the National Association of Evangelicals
Evangelical denominations in North America
1865 establishments in Indiana
We Never Sleep may refer to :
`` We never sleep '' , motto of the Pinkertons
`` We never sleep '' , motto of the Ancient Mystic Order of Samaritans
We Never Sleep ( film ) , a 1917 American short comedy film
`` We Never Sleep '' , a 1988 song by Boredoms on the album Osorezan no Stooges Kyo
`` We Never Sleep '' , a 2015 song by Gavin Becker
We Never Sleep , a 2006 LP by Drop the Lime
Đurić ( ; also transliterated Djuric ) is a surname found in Croatia , Bosnia and Serbia , a patronymic derived from the male given name Đuro or Đura . Notable people with the surname include :
Aleksandar Đurić ( born 1970 ) , Bosnian-Singaporean footballer
Antonije Đurić ( 1929–2020 ) , Serbian journalist
Branko Đurić ( born 1962 ) , Bosnian actor , comedian , director and musician
Dusan Djuric ( born 1984 ) , Swedish footballer
Igor Đurić ( disambiguation ) , multiple people
Mihailo Đurić ( 1925–2011 ) , Serbian philosopher , professor
Milan Đurić ( born 1990 ) , Bosnian footballer
Miodrag Dado Đurić ( 1933–2010 ) , Montenegrin painter
Mitar Đurić ( born 1989 ) , Greek-Serbian volleyball player .
Rajko Đurić , Serbian politician
Sladjana Đurić , ( born 1964 ) , Serbian scientist
Stanka Gjurić ( born 1956 ) , Croatian poet and writer
Stipan Đurić ( Gyurity István ) , Croatian-Hungarian actor , politician and folk singer
Veljko Đurić Mišina ( born 1953 ) , Serbian historian
See also
Đurović , surname
Đurđević ( disambiguation ) , surname
Đurovski , surname
Đurica , surname
Jurić , surname
Bácsszentgyörgy , village in Hungary known in Serbian as Đurić
Serbian surnames
Patronymic surnames
Croatian surnames
Surnames from given names
Huish Athletic Ground , more commonly referred to as Huish , was a football stadium located in Yeovil , Somerset , England . It was the second home ground of Yeovil Town Football Club , after the Pen Mill Athletic Ground which they left in 1920 , until the club 's departure for Huish Park in 1990 .
The ground was most famous for having an 8-foot side to side slope , and was the scene of one of the biggest FA Cup giant killings when Yeovil beat Sunderland in the fourth Round in 1949 . The site is now occupied by the car park of a Tesco Extra hypermarket .
History
Early years
The club had initially made an approach at the end of the 1897–98 season , for the Huish field then owned by Brutton 's Brewery , but this approach was unsuccessful . Negotiations continued before the First World War for a move to this more central location in the town , with the club at the time playing at a ground adjacent to Pen Mill station . The summer of 1920 saw Yeovil & Petters United leave the Pen Mill Athletic Ground , after the purchase of the land at Huish from the brewery for £1,725 ; a covenant was placed on the deal that the brewery had first refusal to buy back the land at the original figure . The name for the ground was borrowed from the name of a suburb of the town , Huish , from the Old English hiwisc meaning a group of houses , or a household .
The new ground , at the west end of the town centre , saw its first competitive game on 28 August 1920 when the reserve team played Christchurch in the Dorset League : an attendance of 1,500 witnessed Yeovil & Petters United win 5–0 . Initially the terraces were flat with the only covered accommodation in the form of a 300-seater stand that had been brought from Pen Mill ; that stand was soon extended , to include dressing rooms costing £733 and additional capacity , and remained in place until 1963 .
During the summer of 1923 , tennis courts were marked out on the pitch and hired out at £2 per court for the summer season . Also that summer , 750 loads of earth were brought to the ground by Bartletts Ltd. to form a terrace at the Queen Street end of the ground and the pitch was lengthened by four yards at a cost of £15 . In October and November , a further 100 tons of materials were given by Westlands and hauled to the ground at a cost of £9 and the Club opened negotiations with the Southern Railway Company to purchase 1,000 railway sleepers , at a cost of £50 , to add steps to the terraces . In 1924 the Supporters Club was formed and three tea huts were purchased and installed at Huish , and on 15 November 1924 , Yeovil played their first game against a Football League team in the FA Cup , beating Bournemouth and Boscombe 3–2 at Huish before a crowd of 5,500 . Before the next round home tie against Bristol Rovers , additional terracing was added at the Bruttons End and toilets were installed . In October 1926 the club acquired a lighting set on extended loan from Petters United , which enabled training to take place at night on the pitch and , a month later , the covered accommodation over the terraces at the Queen Street end was opened .
Greyhound racing took place around the pitch as early as 12 May 1928 . The independent racing ( unaffiliated to a governing body ) was intermittent and organised by the Yeovil Football and Athletic Club Ltd . It is believed that the racing stopped before 1950 but was taking place in 1946 .
In 1931 the club acquired the freehold of the land from Brutton 's Brewery and purchased further land at the end of the ground to increase accommodation . A substantial amount of money was loaned to the club at a nominal rate of interest for the period that football was played at Huish to fund the purchase , and fans were asked to play their part in wiping off the balance . The next development of Huish came in the 1934–35 season when Yeovil reached the third round of the FA Cup for the first time and were drawn against Liverpool . In the two weeks between the time of the draw and the game being played , a small stand was built in the corner at the Queen Street end to hold 100 people at a cost of £250 . The stand acted as the director 's box and boardroom until the new main stand was built , and remained in place until 1983 . At a board meeting on 7 February 1938 , the first of many plans to level the pitch was discussed , but the practicality and the cost of such a scheme made this impossible . The ground 's slope became infamous with the pitch sloped six feet along the halfway line and eight feet from corner to corner .
On 12 January 1939 , during a FA Cup third round replay against Sheffield Wednesday the game saw a new record crowd of 14,329 packs into Huish with thousands more locked outside the ground . After the game got under way , the weight of the hordes of supporters who had climbed onto the roof of the Queen Street end caused the roof to split from one end to the other but the spectators were safely removed . That same month a loudspeaker system was purchased for £10 and in July the same year a quotation for £514 was received to build a retaining wall and to provide a concrete terrace at the Bruttons end ; costs , however , stopped this project .
The last game at Huish before the ground was closed due to the Second World War was against Lovell 's Athletic resulting in a 3–2 win for Yeovil on 27 January 1940 . During the war Huish was , at first , used by the War Office as an ammunitions store and then by the United States Army , who offered to level the pitch if they could use the ground to play baseball , but their offer was not taken up .
Post-war expansion
Competitive football returned to Huish on 25 August 1945 , when Swindon Town Reserves ran out 3–0 winners . The ground 's most famous moment came on 29 January 1949 , when Huish hosted Yeovil 's greatest giant-killing as the then Southern League upset 'Bank of England ' side Sunderland in the fourth round of the FA Cup . Over 35,000 applications for tickets were received but the ground could only hold half that number . A total of 17,123 spectators crammed into Huish , the largest attendance at the ground . The gates were opened at 12 noon , the main queue was six deep and over half a mile long . The final score Yeovil 2–1 Sunderland , shocked the whole football world , however , the game was almost stopped due to fog and a pitch invasion three minutes from time when the crowd thought that the referee had blown the final whistle . Five thousand jubilant fans invaded the pitch but they responded to the pleas from the players and moved back onto the terraces , and the game was concluded .
An extensive ground improvement scheme was then begun in 1949 . Over the next five years the top bank of clinkers , earth and railway sleepers was removed and a concrete terrace was installed . This work continued at Bruttons End . The covering at the Queen Street end was removed and that terrace was then concreted . The final part of this project was to cover the North Terrace . The cost of these extensive works was in excess of £5,000 , and to raise this money an appeal was made to the traders of the town and a special fund , known as the Ground Development Fund , was instituted . In 1954 a wall was built in front of the North Terrace and floodlights were installed at the ground . The first match under the lights was a friendly game against Tottenham Hotspur , on 8 March 1955 : Yeovil won the match 2–0 before a crowd of 4,031 . The first competitive game under the floodlights was against Bath City , on 23 March 1955 . The final game of that season at Huish saw Yeovil draw 2–2 against Hastings United to win their first Southern League Championship . In 1956 further work on the North Terrace was completed when the back of the stand was closed in .
The next major development of Huish took place in the summer of 1963 when the new stand was built , as the original Pen Mill stand was demolished . Plans were drawn up by James E. Fox and in March 1963 work commenced when first a tea hut and then the stand was demolished . By the first week in May building work was under way , and at the start of the 1963–64 season the dressing rooms had been completed and the stand was open but the rest of the facilities were still under construction . The new 2,000 seater Main Stands was finally completed just in time for an FA Cup tie with Crystal Palace , on 7 December 1963 , when the Social Club was opened . The new stand , which had cost £60,000 to build , gave the club new dressing rooms , an upstairs boardroom , and a long bar for supporters to drink in , where the club held dances and bingo nights . The bar soon became one of the hubs of the town , with the ground being on the west end of the town centre , and the additional income began to give the club payback for that investment .
In the late 1960s plans were drawn up for the Yeovil inner relief road , with one plan showing the road running right through the middle of the Huish pitch . When the road was eventually built only one very small area of land , at the Queen Street end , was lost . In July 1969 after months of negotiations the Deed of Covenant was released to the Club . In the summer of 1970 a Pop Festival was organised at Huish but the event was a flop and a loss of £470 was made . At the start of the seventies , scenes reminiscent of 1949 against Sunderland returned once again to Huish when Yeovil were drawn at home to Arsenal in the third round of the FA Cup . Admission charges were raised from 4s 6d to 15s for the terraces and from 6s 6d . to 30s for the stand . A wall was built in front of the main stand forming an enclosure to accommodate part of the crowd of 14,500 . The big day did not arrive though , as on 2 January 1971 the game was postponed because there was a blanket of snow four inches deep on the pitch . The game was played the following Wednesday afternoon , Arsenal winning 3–0 . At a Board meeting held in November 1972 , the Directors once again discussed the possibility of levelling the Huish pitch ; the cost would have been in the region of £17,000 . The following month the club received an offer of £260,000 for the purchase of Huish .
The second half of the 1976–77 season saw European football come to Huish when Yeovil entertained Turris and then Bari in the Anglo Italian Semi Professional Tournament , with Yeovil travelling to Italy later that summer to play two further games in the tournament .
Departure and destruction
The slope that the club had refused to level during the War was by the 1980s one of the barriers to promotion to the Football League . The last decade of the ground saw the club spend over £200,000 in the interest of crowd safety : the main stand underwent major surgery with the introduction of staircases and fire proofing while the terraces saw the introduction of crash barriers and segregation areas and , in the last season at Huish , the purchase of a closed circuit television system , at a cost of £15,000 , to assist police in crowd surveillance . Furthermore , the Main stand was starting to develop rust in its supports that gave the club the dilemma of whether to pay the high maintenance costs of keeping Huish alive , or sell up and move to another site . Gradual safety restrictions had pulled the official ground capacity down to around 10,000 in its later years . The last capacity attendance came in January 1988 , when Queens Park Rangers visited for an FA Cup third round match and 9,717 spectators watched a 0–3 defeat against the First Division side .
On 4 March 1985 the club opened negotiations with Bartlett Construction Limited with a view to selling Huish and moving to a new stadium at Houndstone . At that stage a value of £680,000 was placed upon Huish , which , over several years of negotiations rose to a final figure of £2.8m . Initially it was hoped that the building of a new stadium would commence in April 1986 but the results of a public inquiry which was held in September 1987 were not made known until February 1989 . On 21 March 1989 , the club finally got planning permission for an out-of-town stadium , on land previously used by the Houndstone Army Camp , and just over a year later , a home match against Telford United on 5 May 1990 marked the end of seventy years of football at Huish .
The bulldozers moved in and the site became part of a Tesco supermarket , while Yeovil Town moved out to Houndstone , with the old ground 's name partially retained in its Huish Park moniker . For several years after , a weathercock on top of the Tesco building 's clock tower showed a metal design with small figures of footballers ; this is now located on top of the scoreboard above the Copse Road Terrace at Huish Park . Some items from Huish were transferred to other grounds , such as the turnstiles which ended up at Exmouth Town , but the majority of it ended up as rubble .
See also
List of defunct English football stadiums
References
Yeovil Town F.C .
Defunct football venues in England
Sports venues in Yeovil
1920 establishments in England
1990 disestablishments in England
Sports venues completed in 1920
Sports venues demolished in 1990
Demolished sports venues in the United Kingdom
Defunct greyhound racing venues in the United Kingdom
Tianshan Snow Lotus Group ( ) is a Uyghur music group specializing in a fusion of music styles that integrates traditional Uyghur classical , Latin , Arabic , Turkish , European and pop music . They are particularly noted for their unique music style , brisk pace , dance on stage and charismatic performances .
The all-female music group is composed of five girls from Xinjiang ; their group is named for the snow lotus that grows in the Tian Shan mountain range in Xinjiang . The music group members are all graduates of local music conservatories and can sing as well as play traditional Uyghur musical instruments .
Career
The music group has been active since 1997 when they gained notoriety and rose to national prominence . They performed for major concert tours in 1997 , 1998 , 1999 and 2002 . Since then they have also prominently featured in major national televised events and concerts in China .
In 2004 they were invited along with Uyghur pop singer and flamenco guitarist Erkin Abdulla to sing for the CCTV Spring Festival Gala the traditional Uyghur folk song Alamuhan , in Mandarin Chinese , representing Xinjiang among various ethnic groups of China . The following year they were again invited to sing with Arken Abdulla at the 2005 CCTV Spring Festival Gala the traditional Uyghur folksong Lift Your Veil , this time in Uyghur as well as in Mandarin Chinese , again representing Xinjiang among various ethnic groups of China . In 2006 they were invited to perform for the Ministry of Culture Spring Festival Gala .
In 2007 , they held a special concert to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the group 's formation . On August 8 , 2007 , they also performed for the national concert celebrating the countdown to the 2008 Summer Olympics to be held in Beijing , singing the song First Anniversary . In 2008 they performed in the CCTV Spring Festival Evening program . They also performed at the 2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony .
References
Uyghur music
1997 establishments in China
Clarence Samuel Clay Jr. ( 1923–2011 ) was a geophysicist specialized in oceanography . He was known for his contributions in acoustics . Although he signed most of his papers , `` C.S . Clay '' , he was called simply , `` Clay '' by his friends , students , and colleagues . He was also known as `` Clay Clay '' .
Biography
Clay grew up living in Emporia , Kansas and he was known as C. S. During grade school C.S was a flying model airplane designer , builder , and competitor . To become successful he taught himself the necessary mathematics he needed . In high school he was a particularly good student in chemistry and music . He graduated from Emporia High School in June 1941 .
That fall he became a freshman at Kansas State College ( now Kansas State University ) , but left to serve in the Army during World War II . After basic training , he was placed in specialized programs at the University of Cincinnati and Ohio State University . He was then assigned to the Army Signal Corps to maintain and operate electronic equipment . While in Ohio , he met Jane Edwards and , after completion of Clay 's training , they were married in 1945 . Clay 's group was chosen to maintain electronic equipment during the planned invasion of Japan .
After separation from the Army , Clay completed both the Bachelor 's ( 1947 ) and Masters ( 1948 ) degrees in Physics at Kansas State University . At the University of Wisconsin-Madison , his doctoral dissertation under Professor Gibson Winas was entitled , “ Field Strengths and Spectra of High Frequency Gas Discharges. ” After completing the PhD in 1951 , Clay taught for one year at the University of Wyoming , but then joined the Carter Oil Company Research Laboratory in Tulsa , Oklahoma , as a Research Physicist to develop new methods for geophysical exploration . In 1955 Clay moved to the Hudson Laboratories of Columbia University where he was a Senior Research Associate for marine geophysical research . Here Clay worked in group specializing in marine acoustics that group located several important U.S. and Russian sunken ships . At Hudson Labs , he presumably had access to one of the early IBM 650 computers . With his colleague I. Tolstoy , he coauthored a monograph on ocean acoustics published in 1966 .
Clay worked on problems in signal processing that led to five patents between 1959 and 1967 . His 1959 patent for a “ multiple transducer array … of particular utility in the area of seismic prospecting ” US Patent 2,906,363 has been referenced as recently as 2000 by several petroleum companies . His 1964 patent for “ Signal Correlation Method and Means ” US Patent 3,158,830 for `` oceanic depth measurement '' refers “ not only to measurements of the depth of the water , but also to the depth measurements of the earth layers below ” . It led , years later , to a Navy sonar project for mapping the underside of the ice pack floating in the Arctic Ocean to determine if submarines could safely navigate beneath it . Similarly , the 1967 patent for “ Directional Filtering of Summed Arrays ” for “ maximization of signal output by means of a matched-filter technique ” US Patent 3,307,190 with Robert A. Frosch explicitly recognizes the mathematical similarity between sound waves in water and electromagnetic waves in air . Indeed , the patent refers to the sonar and radar `` arts '' , respectively , anticipating — before digital computers — many techniques , such as “ time reversal ” , that continue to see widespread application and extensive research today .
Clay joined the geophysics faculty at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1968 . As faculty members in the graduate program in Oceanography and Limnology , Clay and Professor John Magnuson developed methods for tracking aquatic organisms . They conducted cruises off Cape Hatteras using acoustical techniques to study the distribution of organisms along the northern edge of the Gulf Stream front . They then extended their research over deeper water beyond the Continental Shelf . Clay also conducted a geophysical survey of the Extremely Low Frequency antenna array in northern Wisconsin that was used for communication with ships anywhere on Earth .
While at University of Wisconsin-Madison , Clay published a second edition of the Tolstoy and Clay monograph and two editions ( 1977 and 1998 ) of another monograph on acoustical oceanography with former Hudson colleague , H. Medwin . These two books have appeared in Russian translations and are the international standard references for marine acoustics . Clay also published a textbook for exploration seismology ( 1990 ) . In 1993 , the Acoustical Society of America recognized Clay 's preeminence by awarding him its silver medal , “ for contributions to understanding acoustic propagation in layered waveguides , scattering from the ocean 's boundaries and marine life , and ocean parameters and processes ” .
Students
Prof. Clarence S. Clay advised 17 graduate students , including 12 Ph.D. theses and 10 Masters ' theses , at the University of Wisconsin-Madison :
Berkson , Jonathan Milton , `` A gravity survey in the vicinity of Michipicoten island ,
Lake Superior
`` , 1969
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Berkson , Jonathan Milton , `` Microrelief of western Lake Superior
`` , 1972
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Catchings , Rufus , `` Crustal structure from seismic refraction in the Medicine Lake area of the Cascade Range and Modoc Plateau , Northern California
`` , 1983
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Cheng , Amy I Mei , `` Satellite magnetic survey in southern high latitudes
`` , 1988
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Chu , Dezang , `` Impulse response of a density contrast wedge using normal coordinates
`` , 1989
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Daneshvar , Mohammad Reza , `` Easterly extension of the Flambeau resistivity anomaly in northern Wisconsin
`` , 1977
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Daneshvar , Mohammad Reza , `` Imaging of rough surfaces and planar boundaries using passive seismic signals
`` , 1987
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Doll , William Eugene , `` Computer controlled laboratory studies in transient electromagnetic scale modeling
`` , 1980
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Doll , William Eugene , `` Seismic diffraction processing applied to data from Ashland County , Wisconsin
`` , 1983
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay and Hesbiboz
Eckstein , Barbara Ann , `` Gravity data analysis of western Vilas County , northern Wisconsin
`` , 1986
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Huang , Kung , `` PDF of backscattered sound from live fish
`` , 1977
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Johnston , Steven Craig , `` Frequency domain analysis of AC dipole-dipole electromagnetic soundings
`` , 1975
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Kan , Tze Kong , `` Sonar mapping of underside of pack ice
`` , 1973
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Kan , Tze Kong , `` Ray theory approximation in geoelectromagnetic probing
`` , 1975
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Leong , Wing Kwong , `` Sea floor topography and microtopography southwest of the Iberian Peninsula
`` , 1973
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Okwueze , Emeka Emmanuel , `` Geophysical investigations of the bedrock and the groundwater lake flow system in the Trout Lake region of Vilas County , northern Wisconsin
`` , 1983
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Peterson , Miles Lander , `` Hydroacoustic fish stock assessment
`` , 1975
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Sandness , Gerald Allyn , `` A numerical evaluation of the Helmholtz integral in acoustic scattering
`` , 1973
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Skibicky , Taras V. , `` Use of matched filters to form an additive array in electromagnetic sounding
`` , 1982
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay
Sternberg , Ben K. , `` Controlled source electromagnetic soundings of the crust in northern Wisconsin
`` , 1974
Degree : Master 's
Advisor : Clay and Bentley
Sternberg , Ben K. , `` Electrical resistivity structure of the crust in the southern extension of the Canadian Shield
`` , 1977
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
Young , Charles Thomas , `` Magnetotelluric measurements of conductivity anomalies in northern Wisconsin
`` , 1977
Degree : Doctoral
Advisor : Clay
References
External links
U.S. Patent 3,158,830
U.S. Patent 3,307,190
U.S. Patent 2,906,363
Memorial Resolution at University of Wisconsin-Madison
1923 births
2011 deaths
Emporia High School alumni
People from Emporia , Kansas
American geophysicists
United States Army personnel of World War II
Casey Colby ( born November 3 , 1974 in Lake Placid , New York ) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics .
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Lake Placid , New York
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Zieleniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately south of Sadowne , north-west of Węgrów , and north-east of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Southern Branch of the National Palace Museum ( NPMSB ; ) is a museum in Taibao City , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
History
To improve the cultural equity between Northern Taiwan and Southern Taiwan , the Executive Yuan approved the construction of the southern branch of National Palace Museum on 31 December 2004 as the Asian Arts and Culture Museum . The museum main building groundbreaking ceremony was held on 6 February 2013 hosted by President Ma Ying-jeou and the beam-raising ceremony was held on 5 June 2014 hosted by Vice President Wu Den-yih . The museum was opened for trial on 28 December 2015 . In mid April 2016 , the museum was closed due to reparation work of water leakage in its main hall building . The museum was then reopened on 23 August 2016 .
Architecture
The 70-hectare museum was constructed at a cost of NT $ 7.934 billion . It consists of the main building , landscape bridge and park view . The main contractor for the construction was Lee Ming Construction for the main building and Progressive Environment Inc. Co. for the park .
The museum 's main building spreads over an area of 20 hectares . The building 's shape was designed to invoke the three classical brush forms of ink painting . It consists of the Moyun Hall and Feibai Hall . The three shapes of brush also represents three ancient Asian civilization , which are China , India and Persia . The main entrance to the building ground floor has an elevation of 11 meters . It is also a certified green building .
The landscape bridge , named Zhimei Bridge , spans across a lake for a length of . It is a single span steel arch bridge . It consists of 25 curved ribs with various lengths and angles .
The museum park spans over an area of 50 hectares . It consists of the Waterscape Garden , Tropical Garden and Festival Garden . It also features a bird-viewing platform , memorial stone for the museum establishment , waterfront stage etc .
Exhibitions
The museum consists of permanent exhibition and temporary exhibition sections . It also includes the children 's creative center .
Events
Indian Festival of Light
Muslim Culture Day
Facilities
Opened on 21 December 2017 , the museum opened a Muslim prayer room , the first of such opening in a Taiwanese museum .
Transportation
The museum is accessible by bus from Chiayi Station of Taiwan High Speed Rail .
See also
List of museums in Taiwan
References
External links
2015 establishments in Taiwan
Museums established in 2015
Museums in Chiayi County
National museums of Taiwan
The Marriott St. Louis Grand Hotel is a hotel located in the Washington Avenue Historic District in Downtown St. Louis , Missouri . The hotel was renovated in 2015 .
History
The Hotel Statler St. Louis was designed by George B . Post & Sons and was built in 1917 as part of the Statler Hotels chain . It was the first air-conditioned hotel in the United States . Statler Hotels was bought by Hilton in 1954 , and the hotel became The Statler Hilton in 1958 . It was sold to Towne Realty Company of Milwaukee in 1966 and renamed The St. Louis Gateway Hotel . The hotel was sold to Denver businessman Victor Sayyah and St. Louis politician Peter J. Webbe in 1981 for $ 3.2 million . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . The hotel closed for a renovation in 1986 , but caught fire on February 12 , 1987 and never reopened . The fire was determined to have been deliberately set .
The hotel sat empty for over a decade , until the city government pushed for its renovation as part of a 1000-room hotel to serve the adjacent America 's Center . Cleanup work began on the hotel in November 1999 at a cost of $ 5 million . The hotel was then renovated from 2000 to 2002 by Kimberly-Clark and Historic Restoration Inc. at a cost of $ 265 million . At this time , a new addition was constructed to the east . It was originally to have had 38 floors but was eventually reduced to match the height of the existing hotel . The hotel was renamed the Renaissance St. Louis Grand Hotel .
The hotel was foreclosed on by its bondholders in 2009 , after it failed to generate enough revenue to cover interest payments . The hotel was sold in 2014 to Haberhill Inc. and was renovated from November 2014 to August 2015 at a cost of $ 30 million . At the completion of the work , it was renamed the Marriott St. Louis Grand Hotel .
References
External links
Hotel buildings completed in 1917
Hotels in St. Louis
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis
Downtown St. Louis
The Seokbosangjeol ( 釋譜詳節 ) is a Korean biography of Gautama Buddha , together with a selection of his sermons , collected and compiled by Prince Suyang ( later King Sejo ) of Joseon .
The book is translated from Chinese sources , including the Lotus Sutra , the Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra and the Amitabha Sutra . It is the first known instance of Buddhist sutras being translated from Chinese into Korean . Suyang commissioned the creation of the Seokbosangjeol after the death of his mother , Queen Soheon , intending it to ease her passage to the next life . It was , however , also made available to the general population of Korea , to encourage the propagation of the Buddhist faith . The text was first published in 24 volumes in 1447 C.E. , although many of these volumes have since been lost . An original edition is held at the National Library of Korea in Seoul , where it is designated a Tangible Cultural Treasure .
The text is notable for being one of the earliest printed examples of Korea 's native hangul characters . It was printed using moveable copper type called gabinja , the first form of printed type created after the invention of the hangul , and as such represents the oldest form of indigenous Korean written text .
References
Korean writing system
Depictions of Gautama Buddha in literature
Korean Buddhist texts
Qul ( ; ; ; ; ; ; ) is a word of Turkic origin meaning 'slave ' .
Uses of the word
In Central Asia , Azerbaijan , Iran and South Asia
In Central Asia , Azerbaijan , Iran and South Asia , the word qul has been used as the second part of several Muslim male given names , where it is used with the possessive in Azerbaijani ( ) , Tatar ( ) , Turkmen ( ) and Uzbek ( ) , and has been borrowed as ( ) in Persian and ( ) in Urdu .
List of given names derived from qul
Abbas Quli
Ahmad Quli
Alim Quli , notably borne by
Alimqul
Ali Quli
Allah Quli
Bayan Quli , notably borne by
Bayan Qulï
Hasan Quli
Husayn Quli
Ibrahim Quli , notably borne by
Ibrahim Quli Qutb Shah Wali
Imam Quli
Iman Quli
Ishan Quli , notably borne by
Işanguly Nuryýew
Jafar Quli
Jamshid Quli , notably borne by
Jamsheed Quli Qutb Shah
Mahdi Quli
Makhdum Quli , notably borne by
Magtymguly Pyragy
Muhammad Quli
Murshid Quli , notably borne by
Murshid Quli Khan
Murtada Quli
Najaf Quli
Qurban Quli
Rida Quli
Safi Quli
Shah Quli
Subhan Quli , notably borne by
Subhan Quli Qutb Shah
Sultan Quli , notably borne by
Sultan Quli Qutb-ul-Mulk
Tahmasb Quli
List of surnames derived from qul
as first element :
,
in compounds :
( notably borne by Rasim Aliguliyev ) , , , ( notably borne by Jalil Mammadguluzadeh ) ,
( notably borne by Ruslan Imankulov )
In the Ottoman Empire
In the Ottoman Empire , the word qul was used in rank names of the Janissaries such as kapıkulu and kul kethüdâsı .
See also
Abd ( Arabic )
Ghulam
References
Further reading
Turkic words and phrases
Dennis McComak ( born January 2 , 1952 ) is an American archer . He competed in the men 's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
1952 births
Living people
American male archers
Olympic archers of the United States
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Columbus , Kansas
Korath the Pursuer ( ) ( real name Korath-Thak ) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Korath was a geneticist , who founded and led the Pursuer Project . He also was a member of the Starforce .
Djimon Hounsou portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Guardians of the Galaxy ( 2014 ) , Captain Marvel ( 2019 ) , and the Disney+ series What If ... ? ( 2021 ) .
Publication history
Korath first appeared in Quasar # 32 ( March 1992 ) , and was created by Mark Gruenwald and Greg Capullo . It was revealed that Korath-Thak was the lead designer of the project that created the Pursuer , a cockroach from Earth modified by Kree geneticists , which first appeared in The Inhumans # 11 ( June 1977 ) , fifteen years before Korath himself made his first appearance .
He was a member of the Starforce team during the Operation Galactic Storm storyline . He turned the experiments on himself and it gives him superpowers , including the ability to follow the brainwaves of his targets . He later reunited with his old teammate Ronan the Accuser , as part of the Annihilation event .
Fictional character biography
Korath-Thak is an agent of the Kree Empire . He was a cyber-geneticist , and the founder and head of the Pursuer Project to develop cybernetic warriors for the Kree militia . He has also been a munitions manufacturing plant foreman , and a special operative of the Supreme Intelligence .
Korath used cyber-genetic technology of his own design to gain superhuman powers during the Kree/Shi'ar War . He then met Shatterax , Ultimus , and Supremor . At the behest of Supremor , he attacked the Avengers force on Hala , and battled Captain America . Alongside the Kree Starforce , he again battled the Avengers on Hala . He witnessed the assassination of Ael-Dan and Dar-Benn by Deathbird and the return to power of the Supreme Intelligence . Alongside the Kree Starforce , he was held captive in a Shi'ar stasis ray . He witnessed a battle between an Avengers force , and was defeated by the Scarlet Witch and Astra . Alongside the Kree Starforce , he arrived in the Shi'ar Empire to assassinate Lilandra . He battled another contingent of Avengers and the Shi'ar Imperial Guard . He returned to Hala alongside Lilandra , Starforce , and the Imperial Guard after the detonation of the nega-bomb to help the Kree rebuild under Shi'ar rule . Alongside the Shi'ar Starforce and Deathbird , Korath attacked Quasar , Her , and Makkari on Hala for violating Shi'ar airspace .
Admiral Galen-Kor and his criminal forces battled Deathbird and Starforce . Korath and Starforce alongside the Underground Legion battled Lord Tantalus . Korath wound up settling on the planet of Godthab Omega . Korath was reunited with Ronan when he came to the planet in search of Tana Nile . Korath was apparently assimilated into The Phalanx and became one of their Select . He fought Quasar , Moondragon , and Adam Warlock and was killed by Ultron when he failed to capture Adam Warlock . Tanalth became the new leader of the Pursuer Corps .
Powers and abilities
Korath is a member of the alien Kree race , who was augmented by an unknown experimental cyber-genetic engineering process . He has superhuman strength , stamina , and durability . He also has the ability to psionically locate individuals by tracing their brain patterns . Like other Kree , Korath is unable to breathe in Earth 's atmosphere without a special apparatus or breathing serum .
Korath is an expert in cyber-genetic engineering . He is trained in the martial skills of the ancient Kree , and is a competent but relatively inexperienced armed and unarmed combatant .
Korath wears an armored battle-suit and helmet composed of unknown alien materials . He wields two 1½ foot beta-batons which generate electrical force capable of stunning opponents into unconsciousness on contact or disrupting functions of electrical devices . By adjusting the batons , Korath can stun beings as powerful as Eternals or even intangible beings . He is capable of flight via electrically powered turbines in his boots .
In other media
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Djimon Hounsou portrays Korath in media set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) .
Korath first appears in the live-action film Guardians of the Galaxy ( 2014 ) . A subordinate of Ronan the Accuser , he travels to the planet Morag to retrieve an orb that was stolen by Star-Lord . After Ronan recovers the orb and takes the Infinity Stone within it for himself , Korath assists him in his siege on the planet Xandar . Korath battles the Guardians of the Galaxy when they attempt to foil Ronan 's plans , only to be killed by Drax the Destroyer .
A younger Korath appears in the live-action film Captain Marvel ( 2019 ) , which is set before Guardians of the Galaxy . He is shown to be a member of Starforce alongside Carol Danvers and Yon-Rogg . Korath and Starforce set out to find a compromised Kree scout , only to be ambushed by a faction of Skrulls . Danvers is captured , but she escapes to Earth and contacts Yon-Rogg . Korath and Starforce accompany him to Earth to confront Danvers , only to be defeated by her .
Hounsou voices an alternate timeline version of Korath in the Disney+ animated series , What If ... ? episode `` What If ... T'Challa Became a Star-Lord ? '' . This version is more sympathetic and heroic than his film counterpart and joins the Ravagers following an encounter with Star-Lord T'Challa , of whom Korath is a fan .
Television
A variation of Korath based on the MCU version appears in the Guardians of the Galaxy animated series episodes `` Backstabbers '' and `` Road to Knowhere , '' voiced by Dave Fennoy . This version is a minion and adopted son of Thanos who was raised alongside Gamora and Nebula .
Video games
Korath appears as a playable character in the 1995 arcade game Avengers in Galactic Storm .
Korath appears in Marvel : Avengers Alliance 2 .
References
External links
Korath at Marvel.com
Characters created by Greg Capullo
Characters created by Mark Gruenwald
Comics characters introduced in 1992
Kree
Marvel Comics aliens
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics extraterrestrial supervillains
Marvel Comics supervillains
Superhero film characters
Nicholas Wilson ( born 9 June 1960 in Quebec City ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Skiers from Quebec City
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
The Bianca Modenese or Modenese is a breed of dual-purpose cattle from the Po Valley , in the Emilia Romagna and Lombardy regions of northern Italy . It is raised for beef and milk production , but in the past was a triple-purpose breed , used also as a draught animal . The name derives from that of the province of Modena , where it is thought to have originated . In the nineteenth century it was concentrated in the area of Carpi , and was sometimes known as the Carpigiana . It was later distributed through much of the Po Valley , and thus also known as the Bianca della Val Padana .
History
The origins of the Modenese are unknown . It may derive from a mixture of Reggiana and Podolica stock ; in 1889 it was still of very mixed appearance . The breed is first documented in the mid-nineteenth century , and officially known as the `` Modenese '' from 1880 . Many cattle in the area were wheaten ; from the last decades of the nineteenth century farmers recognised that white-coated animals yielded better-quality meat , and began to breed selectively for white colouring .
The range and numbers of the Modenese expanded rapidly , particularly between 1927 and 1940 . A breed standard was officially approved by the Italian ministry of agriculture in 1935 , and the breed was renamed `` Bianca Val Padana '' to reflect its much greater area of distribution . In the early twentieth century there were 52,000 head registered ; the total population was probably about 200,000 . A census in 1944 recorded 140,000 , and a further 100,000 under the name Carpigiana . Numbers began to decline after the Second World War : in 1955 the population was again estimated at 200,000 , and the Modenese constituted about 52 % of the cattle raised in the province of Modena ; by 1968 this had fallen to 26 % . A herd book was instituted in April 1957 . By 2005 about 800 head remained , of which 258 , including 11 bulls , were registered in the herd book . The Modenese was listed as `` endangered-maintained '' by the FAO in 1995 , in 2000 , and in 2007 . In 2012 a total number of 1022 was reported .
The Modenese is one of the sixteen minor Italian cattle breeds of limited diffusion recognised and protected by the Ministero delle Politiche Agricole Alimentari e Forestali , the Italian ministry of agriculture .
Characteristics
The Modenese is white-coated ; bulls may show some of the grey shading on the neck and shoulders typical of grey cattle . Bulls stand about at the shoulder and weigh about cows stand and weigh They occasionally exhibit double muscling .
Use
The Modenese is raised for milk and beef . The milk is ideal for cheese making thus Parmigiano Reggiano in former days was produced with milk of Modenese White and Reggiana Red . Nowadays only a few small farms still deliver milk to special dairies for Parmigiano Reggiano .
Because of long selection for draught use , it is willing and docile in nature , and may be used for draught work for tourism or for educational purposes .
References
External links
Cattle breeds originating in Italy
Cattle breeds
Ark of Taste foods
Phyllota is an Australian genus from the family Fabaceae , a biological grouping of flowering plants .
Species
Phyllota comprises the following species :
Phyllota barbata Benth .
Phyllota diffusa ( Hook.f . ) F.Muell .
Phyllota gracilis Turcz .
Phyllota grandiflora Benth .
Phyllota humifusa Benth .
Phyllota luehmannii F.Muell .
Phyllota phylicoides ( DC . ) Benth .
Phyllota pleurandroides F.Muell .
Phyllota remota J.H.Willis
Phyllota squarrosa ( DC . ) Benth .
Species names with uncertain taxonomic status
The status of the following species is unresolved :
Phyllota aspera Benth .
Phyllota baueri Benth .
Phyllota billardieri Benth .
Phyllota comosa Benth .
Phyllota georgei Hemsl .
Phyllota humilis S.Moore
Phyllota lycopodioides S.Moore
Phyllota pilosa Benth .
Phyllota sturtii Benth .
Phyllota villosa Turcz .
References
External links
Mirbelioids
Fabales of Australia
Fabaceae genera
Dirgenler is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
Purie is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Aroon Purie ( born 1944 ) , Indian businessman , publisher , and editor-in-chief
Koel Purie ( born 1978 ) , Indian film actress , producer , and television presenter
See also
Purce
Purje
Urie ( name )
Wilczogęby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Feels So Good is a 1977 jazz album released by Chuck Mangione . It contains his hit single , the title song `` Feels So Good '' , which in an edited form reached No . 4 on the U.S. charts . The song also reached the top of the Billboard adult contemporary chart . It was also frequently referenced on the animated television comedy King of the Hill , on which Mangione had a recurring voice role as himself .
The album Feels So Good peaked at No . 2 on the Billboard albums chart in 1978 , behind the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack .
Track listing
All selections written by Chuck Mangione .
`` Feels So Good '' – 9:42
`` Maui-Waui '' – 10:13
`` Theme from Side Street '' – 2:05
`` Hide and Seek ( Ready or Not Here I Come ) '' – 6:25
`` Last Dance '' – 10:54
`` The XIth Commandment '' – 6:36
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Musicians
Chuck Mangione : flugelhorn , electric piano
Chris Vadala : soprano , alto and baritone saxes ; piccolo , flute and alto flute
Grant Geissman : electric , acoustic , 12-string and classical guitars
Charles Meeks : bass
James Bradley , Jr. : drums , congas , timbales
In popular culture
Sign-ons and sign-offs by Orlando , Florida , television station WESH-TV in the 1980s played a large portion the song `` Maui-Waui '' over footage of sunset ( for sign-ons ) and moonrise ( for sign-offs ) .
References
1977 albums
A & M Records albums
Chuck Mangione albums
Smooth jazz albums
TVS Flame was a 125 cc motorcycle developed by TVS Motors . It was launched in the Indian market in January 2008 and discontinued in 2012 after TVS launched the Phoenix .
Design and styling
The TVS calls their design approach for Flame as Deltaedge . This is inspired by the delta wing of fighter jets and features design cues with a triangular theme , like the arrow shaped headlight . The turn indicators , named Trafficators by TVS is integrated to the fuel tank scoops .
Performance and fuel economy
The engine is developed and patented by AVL and is licensed to TVS . The bike does the 0–60 km/h in 6.5 seconds and is capable of reaching a top speed of almost 100 km/h with a fuel economy of 79 kmpl for the single spark version . while the twin spark version does the 0–60 km/h in 6.1 seconds and manages a top speed in excess of 100 km/h .
Controversy
Flame was in news because of a suit filed by Bajaj Auto alleging a patent infringement . In September 2007 Bajaj claimed that the Flame 's engine , having two spark plugs is a violation of their patent no 195904 under the Patents act . After the Chennai high court restrained TVS from launching the bike with two spark plugs , TVS launched Flame with a single spark plug .
TVS has stopped production of the single spark Flame . and relaunched the twinspark Flame on 13 November 2009
TVS Motors and Bajaj Auto have agreed to settle their patent dispute pending for the last 12 years . The dispute originated in 2007 when TVS motors launched its two wheeler range named TVS FLAME . Bajaj auto alleged that TVS had copied its patented DTSi ( digital twin spark ignition ) technology in the new bike .
TVS clarified that TVS FLAME used a three-valve engine based on CCVTi ( Controlled Combustion Variable Timing Intelligent ) technology . TVS further filed a Rupees 250 Crore defamation suit against Bajaj Auto in the Madras High court to counter Baja 's patent infringement suit . The Madras high court observed that TVS ' three-valve technology was different from Baja 's patented DTSi technology and allowed TVS to use the twin timing technology in the newly launched TVS FLAME . Following the Madras high court order , Bajaj filed an appeal in the Supreme Court challenging the decision to permit the production and sale of TVS FLAME bikes . Recently , both companies mutually agreed to withdraw all pending proceedings and release each other from all liabilities , claims , demands and actions with neither company having to pay any compensation nor penalty to the other as part of the agreement
See also
TVS Sport
TVS Apache
References
https : //www.business-standard.com/article/companies/tvs-motor-bajaj-auto-settle-decade-old-patent-dispute-for-spark-plugs-119103101320_1.html
External links
TVS Flame official website
https : //www.business-standard.com/article/companies/tvs-motor-bajaj-auto-settle-decade-old-patent-dispute-for-spark-plugs-119103101320_1.html
Flame
Motorcycles introduced in 2008
BET Nightly News is the main newscast of the Black Entertainment Television network . The newscast covered national and international news stories from a black perspective .
The program ran for four years , ending in July 2005 . The nightly newscast was replaced by a new format , which included hourly updates and on-line supplements .
Past anchors of the newscast included Michelle Miller and Jacque Reid . The executive producer of the program was Will J. Wright .
References
External links
BET Nightly News Names New Executive Producer
BET 's Nightly News Makes Way for New Format
BET original programming
2001 American television series debuts
2000s American television news shows
2005 American television series endings
African-American news and public affairs television series
The 2021–22 Basketball Champions League Americas season was the 15h edition of the top-tier level professional club basketball competition in the Americas and the 3rd of the Basketball Champions League Americas ( BCLA ) , since launched by FIBA in 2019 .
The season concluded with the Final Eight at the Carioca Arena 1 in Rio de Janeiro . São Paulo won its first continental title after defeating Biguá 98–84 in the championship game .
Team allocation
On 29 September 2021 , FIBA announced the 12 teams from 7 countries to play in the 2021–22 BCLA season .
Teams
League positions after eventual playoffs of the previous season shown in parentheses . In Argentina , San Lorenzo was crowned champions but were rejected by FIBA due to outstanding debts to players .
The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round :
1st , 2nd , etc . : League position after Playoffs
TH : titleholders
SF : League semifinalist
QF : League quarterfinalist
CW : Preseason tournament winners
WC : Qualified through Wild Card
Group phase
The draw for the regular season was held on 16 October 2021 . The group phase began on 13 December 2021 and ended on 16 March 2022 .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Final Eight
The Final Eight took place from 6 to 9 April 2022 at the Carioca Arena 1 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . The Ginásio do Maracanãzinho was originally chosen to host the Final Eight , but this was changed on 30 March 2022 .
Bracket
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
Statistics
The following were the statistical leaders in the 2021–22 season .
Individual statistic leaders
Individual game highs
References
2021–22
2021–22 in South American basketball
2021–22 in North American basketball
Barron George Merriman Cangley ( 12 September 1922 – 2015 ) was an English cricketer . Cangley was a right-handed batsman .
He was born at Blakesley , Northamptonshire in September 1922 . In 1946 , Cangley represented Cambridgeshire in 2 Minor Counties Championship matches against Norfolk and Bedfordshire .
Cangley also played first-class cricket , where he represented Cambridge University in 8 first-class matches , making his debut for the University against Sussex and playing his final first-class match against Oxford University . All 8 of his first-class matches came in 1947 . In his 8 first-class matches , he scored 295 runs at a batting average of 22.69 , with a single half century high score of 76 .
He died in 2015 in Victoria , Australia .
References
External links
Barron Cangley at Cricinfo
Barron Cangley at CricketArchive
1922 births
2015 deaths
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Cambridge University cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
English cricketers
People from West Northamptonshire District
Bearsbridge is a village in Northumberland , in England . It is situated to the west of Hexham , on the A686 .
Governance
Bearsbridge is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham .
References
Villages in Northumberland
Chiayi ( ) is a railway station in Chiayi County , Taiwan served by Taiwan High Speed Rail .
Overview
The station is elevated with two side platforms . The two platforms are connected by an overhead skyway . The station was designed by Fei & Cheng Associates and constructed primarily by Takenaka Corporation . The roof of the station building and the platform are horizontally connected , and an oval-shaped skylight is installed in the center of the station hall . The total floor area is and is constructed from steel and reinforced concrete .
History
THSR
2006-11-03 : The station opened for service .
2007-01-05 : The segment from Banqiao to opened for service . Trains begin stopping at the station .
Bus rapid transit
2007-01-05 : A temporary bus rapid transit ( BRT ) line linking the station begins service .
2008-01-31 : Chiayi Bus Rapid Transit ( BRT ) formally opens for service .
Station layout
HSR services
HSR services 203 , 295 , 1202 , 1293 , ( 1 ) 3xx , ( 1 ) 5xx , ( 1 ) 6xx , and ( 8 ) 8xx call at this station .
Around the station
Chang Gung University of Science and Technology
Ping Huang Coffee Museum
Southern Branch of the National Palace Museum
Zhecheng Cultural Park
Chiayi County Special Zone
Chiayi County Government
Suantou Village ( Lioujiao administrative center )
Chiayi County Baseball Stadium
Chang Gung Memorial Hospital , Chiayi Branch
National Taiwan College of Physical Education , Chiayi Campus
References
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Railway stations in Chiayi County
Railway stations opened in 2006
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Bobrów ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland . Prior to 1945 it was in Germany .
Gallery
References
Villages in Legnica County
There are six main administrative districts of Israel , known in Hebrew as mekhozot ( ; singular : makhoz ) and Arabic as mintaqah and fifteen sub-districts known as nafot ( ; singular : nafa ) . Each sub-district is further divided into cities , municipalities , and regional councils it contains .
The present division into districts was established in 1953 , to replace the divisions inherited from the British Mandate . It has remained substantially the same ever since ; a second proclamation of District boundaries issued in 1957 – which remains in force as of 2022 – only affirmed the existing boundaries in place .
The figures in this article are based on numbers from the Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics and so include all places under Israeli civilian rule including those Israeli-occupied territories where this is the case . Therefore , the Golan sub-district and its four natural regions are included in the number of sub-districts and natural regions even though it is not recognized by the United Nations or the international community as Israeli territory . Similarly , the population figure below for the Jerusalem District was calculated including East Jerusalem whose annexation by Israel is similarly not recognized by the United Nations and the international community . The Judea and Samaria Area , however , is not included in the number of districts and sub-districts as Israel has not applied its civilian jurisdiction in that part of the West Bank .
Administration
The districts have no elected institutions of any kind , although they do possess councils composed of representatives of central government ministries and local authorities for planning and building purposes . Their administration is undertaken by a District Commissioner appointed by the Minister of the Interior . Each district also has a District Court .
Since the District Commissioners are considered part of the Ministry of the Interior 's bureaucracy , they can only exercise functions falling within the purview of other ministries if the appropriate Minister authorizes them . This authorization is rarely granted , as other government ministries and institutions ( for example , the Ministry of Health and the Police ) establish their own divergent systems of districts .
Jerusalem District
Jerusalem District ( , Mehoz Yerushalayim )
Population ( 2018 ) : 1,133,700
Area : 653 km2
District capital : Jerusalem .
Northern District
Northern District ( , Mehoz HaTzafon )
Population ( 2018 ) : 1,448,100
Area : 4,473 km2
District capital : Nof Hagalil
Tzfat ( sub-district ) population : 121,200
Kinneret ( sub-district ) population : 112,900
Yizre'el ( sub-district ) population : 520,100
Akko ( sub-district ) population : 643,300
Golan ( sub-district ) population : 50,600
Haifa District
Haifa District ( , Mehoz Heifa )
Population ( 2018 ) : 1,032,800
Area : 866 km2
District capital : Haifa
Haifa ( sub-district ) population : 583,400
Hadera ( sub-district ) population : 449,300
Central District
Central District ( , Mehoz HaMerkaz )
Population ( 2018 ) : 2,196,100
Area : 1,294 km2
District capital : Ramla
Sharon ( sub-district ) population : 477,400
Petah Tikva ( sub-district ) population : 754,300
Ramla ( sub-district ) population : 351,700
Rehovot ( sub-district ) population : 612,600
Tel Aviv District
Tel Aviv District ( , Mehoz Tel Aviv )
Population ( 2018 ) : 1,427,200
Area : 172 km2
District capital : Tel Aviv
Southern District
Southern District ( , Mehoz HaDarom )
Population ( 2018 ) : 1,302,000
Area : 14,185 km2
District Capital : Beersheba
Ashkelon ( sub district ) population : 551,200
Be'er Sheva ( sub-district ) population : 750,700
Formerly the Hof Aza Regional Council with a population of around 10,000 Israelis was part of this district , but the Israeli communities that constituted it were evacuated when the disengagement plan was implemented in the Gaza Strip . Since the withdrawal , the Coordination and Liaison Administration operates there .
Judea and Samaria Area
Judea and Samaria Area ( , Ezor Yehuda VeShomron )
Israeli Population ( 2018 ) : 427,800
Arab/Bedouin population : 40,000 . ( excludes Area A and B ) .
Largest city : Modi'in Illit
The name Judea and Samaria for this geographical area is based on terminology from the Hebrew and other sources relating to ancient Israel and Judah/Judea . The territory has been under Israeli control since the 1967 Six-Day War but not annexed by Israel , pending negotiations regarding its status . It is part of historic Israel , which leads to politically contentious issues . However , it is not recognized as part of the State of Israel by the United Nations and most nations .
See also
Geography of Israel
List of cities in Israel
ISO 3166-2 : IL
Notes
References
External links
Central Bureau of Statisticsdetailed breakdown of each district , sub-district , and natural region .
Subdivisions of Israel
Israel , Districts
Israel 1
Districts , Israel
Israel geography-related lists
Kayalıdere may refer to :
Kayalıdere , Bigadiç , a village in Balıkesir province , Turkey
Kayalıdere , Göynük , a village in Bolu province , Turkey
Kayalıdere , Susurluk , a village in Balıkesir province , Turkey
The following is a list of Kentucky Wildcats men 's basketball head coaches . The Wildcats have had 22 coaches in their 113-season history .
Since 1930 , Kentucky has been led by seven head coaches , five of whom have led the Wildcats to an NCAA Championship . Adolph Rupp led Kentucky to 4 NCAA Championships ( 1948 , 1949 , 1951 , 1958 ) during his tenure . Rupp 's successor Joe B . Hall guided the Wildcats to their fifth NCAA Championship in 1978 . During the 1990s , Rick Pitino and Tubby Smith each added a championship , capturing the crown in 1996 and 1998 , respectively . Most recently , John Calipari led the program to its eighth national championship in 2012 . Kentucky is the only school in college basketball history with five NCAA Division I Championship head coaches .
References
Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats basketball , men 's , coaches
Roa Ridge ( ) is a bow-shaped ridge , long in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica . For much of its extent , it separates Matterhorn Glacier and Lacroix Glacier . From northwest to southeast , summits on the ridge include Vogler Peak , Mount Irvine , Hoehn Peak , Webb Peak and Matterhorn . Markham Spur extends southwest from the ridge into Matterhorn Glacier .
Both features were named by the New Zealand Geographic Board ( NZGB ) in 1998 . Roa is a Māori word meaning `` long '' . `` Markham '' refers to Geoffrey W. Markham , Secretary of the New Zealand National Committee for the International Geophysical Year , 1957–58 , and first Superintendent of the Antarctic Division , New Zealand Department of Scientific and Industrial Research , 1959–65 .
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
`` Leaving Me '' is a 1973 crossover single by The Independents . The single was their biggest on the R & B chart , hitting # 1 for one week . The single , which peaked at number twenty-one , was the only Top 40 hit for the group . It became a gold record . `` Leaving Me '' was written and produced by Chuck Jackson and Marvin Yancy .
References
1973 singles
Songs written by Marvin Yancy
Yayalar , Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Abdul Hussayn Jivaji ( also known as Malak ) was the founder of the Atba-i-Malak branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi ' a Islam .
References
Ismailis
Musta'li Isma'ilism
The Doctrine of Addai ( Syriac : ܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܕܝ ܫܠܝܚܐ Malp̄ānūṯā d-Addai Šlīḥā ) is a Syriac Christian text , written in the late 4th or early 5th century CE , recites the Legend of the Image of Edessa as well as the legendary works of Addai and his disciple Mari in Mesopotamia .
Content
The story of how King Abgar and Jesus had corresponded was first recounted in the 4th century by the church historian Eusebius of Caesarea in his Ecclesiastical History ( i.13 and iii.1 ) and it was retold in elaborated form by Ephrem the Syrian .
Purpose
Helmut Koester regards the development of tradition of Thaddaeus ' activity in Edessa as part of an effort to build the authority of the orthodox or Palutian faction in Syria against the Manicheans and gnostics , who had an older and stronger presence in the area and traced their lineage to Thomas the Apostle . He considers the Palutian faction to have come to Edessa around and only become significant in the fourth century .
Manuscripts
ms Saint-Pétersbourg , Bibliothèque Publique Saltykov-Shchedrine , N.S . Syr . 4 ( Pigulevskaya 48 ) , , f. 1v33
ms Londres , British Library , Add . 14654 , f. 33r-v ( fgt ) + Add . 14644 , f. 1-9v + Add . 14535 , f. 1r ( fgt ) + Add . 12155 , f. 53v + Add . 17193 , f. 36v-37 ( extrait )
ms Alqosh , Église paroissiale chaldéenne , cod . 87 ?
ms Londres , British Library , Add . 12161 , f. 1v ( fgt )
ms Londres , British Library , Add . 14612 , f. 165r ( fgt )
ms Londres , British Library , Add . 14644 , f. 1-9v ( mutilé du début et au milieu )
ms Paris , Bibliothèque nationale , syr . 62 , f. 102v-108 ( extraits )
ms Birmingham , Selly Oak College Library , Coll . Mingana , Syr . 405 , f. 1
ms Jérusalem , Couvent syrien orthodoxe Saint-Marc , cod . 153 , p. 241-259
Pseudo-Abdias ( x . 1 )
Nicephorus ( H. E. , ii . 7 )
Published editions
Modern translations
English
( HTML version )
Note : This includes a reprint of the Syriac edition of
Other
This also contains an Ethiopian version .
Dutch : Jan Willem Drijvers , Helena Augusta , waarheid en legende ( Groningen : Rijksuniversiteit Groningen , 1989 ) , pp : 153–157 , Note : partielle
Russian : Elena Nikitična Meščerskaja , Legenda ob Avgare — rannesirijskij literaturnyj pamjatnik : ( istoričeskie korni v ėvoljucii apokrifičeskoj legendy ) ( Moskva : Nauka , 1984 ) , pp : 185–203
Armenian : A Carrière , La légende d'Abgar dans l'Histoire d'Arménie de Moïse de Khoren ( Paris : Imprimerie nationale , 1895 ) , pp : 357–414
Ethiopic : Getatchew Haile , `` The Legend of Abgar in Ethiopic Tradition , '' Orientalia christiana periodica vol . 55 ( 1989 ) , pp : 375–410
See also
Abgar Legend
Holy Qurbana of Addai and Mari
Early centers of Christianity
Notes
Citations
References
Further reading
Doctrine of Addai ( text , in English )
( HTML version )
( HTML version )
( HTML version )
Texts in Syriac
Addai
Oriental Orthodoxy
Christian terminology
Dasuha ( Urdu : دسوہا ) is a small town near Faisalabad District in the state of Punjab , Pakistan , approximately 13 km from the city of Faisalabad on the Samundri road .
References
Villages in Faisalabad District
Major General Sir John Worthington Adams , ( 1764 – 9 March 1837 ) was a senior British army officer who served in India .
Adams joined the Army in 1780 . During the Rohilla War he fought under Sir Robert Abercromby . He was present during the Battle of Seringapatam in 1799 . In 1809 he commanded a regiment in Central India . He became a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1815 . Adams then held commands at Kumaon , Nagpur and the Dekkan . He took Chanda in 1818 and was at Bharatpur in 1826 . In May 1828 he took command of the Sirhind Division . In 1830 Adams was promoted to major-general . At some point he became Colonel of the 16th Bengal Infantry Regiment and was elevated to a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 1831 Coronation Honours .
Adams died at Sabathu on 9 March 1837 .
References
1764 births
1837 deaths
British East India Company Army generals
British military personnel of the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Joseph John Lannin ( April 23 , 1866 – May 15 , 1928 ) was a Canadian-born American baseball entrepreneur . He was the sole owner of the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball for most of the 1914 through 1916 seasons , during which the team won two World Series .
Biography
Lannin was born on April 23 , 1866 , in Lac-Beauport , Quebec , Canada to John Lannin and Catherine Evans . His parents were Irish immigrants . Orphaned at the age of 14 , Lannin migrated from Quebec to Boston , Massachusetts , where he worked as a hotel bellboy . Penniless , he had remarkably made his way from Lac-Beauport to Boston on foot . He married Hannah Furlong and had two children , Paul Joseph Lannin and Dorothy A. Lannin .
Although he had limited education , Lannin was personable and possessed a quick mind . He soon learned about real estate and the commodities market by listening to conversations of the wealthy patrons at his hotel and taking advice from those who were willing to share their insights with him . A confident and knowledgeable Lannin invested his savings in the commodities market , making a small fortune . From there he began to acquire other businesses and eventually built an empire of hotels , apartment buildings , and golf courses .
On December 21 , 1913 , Lannin and a group of investors purchased 50 % of the Boston Red Sox baseball team from Jimmy McAleer and Robert B. McRoy . In 1914 , he became the sole owner of the Red Sox and in that same year he purchased the rights to bring Babe Ruth to Boston . The team went on to win the World Series in and .
Lannin sold the team in 1917 to Harry Frazee for $ 675,000 . He was quoted as saying , `` I am too much of a fan to be an owner . '' With the profit made from the sale of his team , he continued to invest in real estate ventures all around Boston and across New York State .
Lannin acquired Roosevelt Airfield on Long Island , where Charles Lindbergh began his historic transatlantic flight . Lannin provided Lindbergh with a room at his nearby hotel and watched the takeoff from Roosevelt Airfield on May 20 , 1927 .
Lannin died on May 15 , 1928 , aged 62 , in Brooklyn , having fallen or jumped from a window of a hotel that he owned ; it was not known if he had a medical issue or died by suicide . At the time of his death , his estate was valued at $ 7,000,000 . He is interred at the Cemetery of the Holy Rood , Garden City , New York .
Lannin was inducted to the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 2004 .
References
Further reading
External links
1866 births
1928 deaths
American people of Irish descent
Baseball executives
Boston Red Sox owners
Burials at the Cemetery of the Holy Rood
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Businesspeople from Boston
People from Capitale-Nationale
People from Long Island
Takshashila Campus is one of the two campuses of Devi Ahilya University , Indore ( the other being Nalanda Campus ) . While Nalanda Campus hosts the administrative offices of the university , Takshashila Campus was created to provide space for more departments .
Infrastructure
The campus sprawls over 200 acres . Separated by a National Highway , it is further divided into three portions . On one of these portions School of Pharmacy , DAVV is built , while the other has the Institute of Engineering Technology . The major portion has about 28 departments of the university .
The Takshashila Campus hosts the following departments/institutes/schools :
Academic Staff College
Center of Potential of Excellence in e-Management studies
Department of Lifelong Learning
Educational Multimedia Research Centre
Institute of Management Studies
International Institute of Professional Studies
Institute of Engineering and Technology
Department of Computer Engineering
Department of Information Technology
Electronics and Telecommunication/Instrumentation Department
Applied Science Department
Mechanical Engineering
School of Biotechnology
School of Biochemistry
School of Chemical Sciences
School of Commerce
School of Computer Science & Information Technology and Computer Centre
School of Economics
School of Education
School of Electronics
School of Energy and Environmental Studies
School of Future Studies and Planning
School of Instrumentation
School of Journalism & Mass Communication
School of Law
School of Library Sciences
School of Life Sciences
School of Mathematics
School of Pharmacy
School of Physical Education
School of Physics
School of Social Sciences
School of Statistics
University Central Library
University Cultural Center
It also hosts facilities like
Central Auditorium
Central Library
University IT Center
University Health Center
Indian Coffee House ( privately run by ICWS Jabalpur )
University Post office
Jawaharlal Nehru Boys Hostel
The campus has extensions that host hostel facilities for students and guests .
Universities and colleges in Indore
Tyrosinemia type II is an autosomal recessive condition with onset between ages 2 and 4 years , when painful circumscribed calluses develop on the pressure points of the palm of the hand and sole of the foot .
Pathophysiology
Type II tyrosinemia is caused by a deficiency of the enzyme tyrosine aminotransferase ( ) , encoded by the gene TAT . Tyrosine aminotransferase is the first in a series of five enzymes that converts tyrosine to smaller molecules , which are excreted by the kidneys or used in reactions that produce energy . This form of the disorder can affect the eyes , skin , and mental development . Symptoms often begin in early childhood and include excessive tearing , abnormal sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) , eye pain and redness , and painful skin lesions on the palms and soles . About half of individuals with type II tyrosinemia are also mentally disabled . Type II tyrosinemia occurs in fewer than 1 in 250,000 individuals .
Diagnosis
Diagnosis is made based on elevated plasma tyrosine level with skin or eye lesions .
Treatment
Dietary restrictions of phenylalanine and tyrosine .
See also
Palmoplantar keratoderma
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Amino acid metabolism disorders
Autosomal recessive disorders
Palmoplantar keratodermas
Hacıosmanlar , Serik is a village in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Serik District
Bjarne Jensen ( ; born 16 April 1959 ) is a Danish former footballer who played as a defender . Jensen continues to hold the record of most appearances for Brøndby IF with 556 , of which 402 were in the Danish leagues . He continued as a manager after his playing career .
Club career
Jensen spent all 14 seasons of his playing career with Brøndby IF before retiring at age 33 in 1992 . From his senior debut in 1978 , where the club competed in the 2nd Division ( second-tier ) until his retirement , Jensen won 5 Danish championships and 1 Danish Cup . He won the award of Brøndby Player of the Year twice ; in 1984 and 1988 , while also winning Danish Player of the Year in the latter . Jensen played his final Brøndby game in November 1992 , before ending his career . He still holds Brøndby IF 's record of most appearances with 556 senior games , in which he scored 32 goals .
International career
Jensen gained four caps for the Denmark national team , in which he scored no goals .
Honours
Brøndby
1st Division ( ) : 1985 , 1987 , 1988 , 1990 , 1991
2nd Division ( ) : 1981
Danish Cup : 1988–89
Danish League Cup ( ) : 1984
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Brøndby Municipality
Brøndby IF players
Danish footballers
Denmark international footballers
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Association football defenders
Danish football managers
Brønshøj BK managers
Hvidovre IF managers
FC Helsingør managers
Brøndby IF non-playing staff
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
Louis Pichon ( 8 October 1916 – 14 October 2002 ) was a French modern pentathlete . He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
References
1916 births
2002 deaths
French male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of France
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
The Liberty Towers or Liberty View Towers , is an apartment complex in Jersey City , New Jersey . It consists of Liberty Towers West , and Liberty Towers East , both of which were constructed from 2001 to 2003 and have 36 floors . They also have the same height of . The buildings rise from the same podium ( base ) , which is used for parking and also contains a lobby . On top of the podium is a deck with leisure facilities for the tenants . The complex has 648 residential units . They were designed by architect Jordan Gruzen .
The S. A. Wald Company Building was demolished to make way for Liberty Towers , which were originally called `` Liberty View Towers '' . The postmodern buildings are made out of masonry , glass , and concrete .
The building is part of a building boom in Jersey City 's decayed railroad , warehouse and waterfront district , which is being redeveloped as large towers complex . It is in the middle of the reconstructed downtown and has access to trains .
Notable residents
Evan Chandler
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Jersey City
References
External links
Residential skyscrapers in Jersey City , New Jersey
Residential buildings completed in 2003
Twin towers
Apartment buildings in Jersey City , New Jersey
Skyscrapers in Jersey City , New Jersey
Hisarlı , Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç , Artvin Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people .
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
BBQ Brawl ( titled BBQ Brawl : Flay v. Symon during the first season ) is an American cooking competition television series that airs on Food Network .
Production
The series is filmed at the Star Hill Ranch in Austin , Texas .
The first season aired from August 1 to August 22 , 2019 ; and it was presented by chefs Bobby Flay and Michael Symon . Chefs Moe Cason , Chris Lilly and Amy Mills served as judges . It began with eight barbecue chefs in the pilot episode , who were then divided into two teams that were each headed by Flay and Symon . At the end of each episode , one chef from each team was eliminated . The winner in the season finale was awarded the title `` Master of 'Cue '' , which was in turn the name of their subsequent series on FoodNetwork.com .
The second season added chef and former football player Eddie Jackson as a host alongside Flay and Symon . Chefs Rodney Scott and Brooke Williamson were added in as the new judges along with television personality Carson Kressley . It aired from June 14 to August 9 , 2021 .
The third season consisting of eight episodes brought in chefs Jet Tila and Anne Burrell as new hosts , serving as mentors alongside Flay . It aired from May 9 to June 27 , 2022 .
Contestants
Season 1
Winner
Lee Ann Whippen – Tampa , Florida
Runner-up
Susie Bulloch – Lehi , Utah
Eliminated
Joe Pearce – Kansas City , Missouri
Kevin Bludso – Compton , California
Carey Bringle – Nashville , Tennessee
George `` Tuffy '' Stone – Richmond , Virginia
Phil Johnson – Phoenix , Arizona
Lynnae Oxley-Loupe – Battle Ground , Washington
Season 2
Season 3
Contestant progress
Season 1
( WINNER ) This contestant won the competition and was crowned `` Master of 'Cue '' .
( RUNNER-UP ) The contestant was the runner-up in the finals of the competition .
( BTM ) The contestant was selected as one of the bottom entries on their team , but was not eliminated .
( OUT ) The contestant was eliminated from the competition .
Season 2
Season 3
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2019 )
Season 2 ( 2021 )
Season 3 ( 2022 )
References
External links
Rock Shrimp Productions The Full-Service Production Team
2010s American cooking television series
2019 American television series debuts
Cooking competitions in the United States
English-language television shows
Food Network original programming
Food reality television series
Television series by Rock Shrimp Productions
Television shows filmed in Texas
The Regal was an American automobile produced by the Regal Motor Car Company of Detroit , Michigan , from 1907 to 1918 .
History
The Regal Motor Car Company of Detroit , Michigan was established in 1908 as a partnership between brothers Charles R. , J. E. and Bert Lambert and Fred W. Haines . The Regal was a medium-sized and medium-priced automobile designed by Paul Arthur . The car was widely publicized and a factory stock 30-hp Regal nicknamed `` Plugger '' crossed the country 5 times in 1909 and 1910 covering 22,000 miles . Regal four-cylinder engines were their own design while automobile bodies came from the Fisher coachworks of Detroit .
Regal introduced an Underslung chassis model late in 1910 which added to its sporting image . In 1915 a V-8 engine and a light four-cylinder engine designed by S. G. Jenks were introduced that were manufactured by the Port Huron Construction Company . Regal pricing was competitive , in 1911 pricing started at $ 900 ( ) for a Runabout to $ 1,650 ( ) for a Fore-Door Touring car . Regal was among the leaders in U.S. automobile exporting .
Material shortages due to the First World War slowed production and Regal Motor Car Company ran out of operating funds . In February 1918 , creditors elected to liquidate the company . The factory was purchased and kept open for a short while making spare parts .
Regal Britain
In addition to American sales , from 1911 the cars were exported to Britain . The Seabrook Brothers who had a large automotive accessories business , branded the Regal as RMC and Seabrook-RMC for the British market . The First World War interrupted the supply from Regal and Seabrook turned to importing Napoleon trucks for the war effort .
Regal Canada
In 1910 an attempt was made to assemble the Regal across the river from Detroit in Walkersville , Ontario , Canada , but very few were made .
Henry Nyberg who had made cars under his own name , and was involved with the Madison automobile , set up Canadian Regal Motors , Ltd in Berlin ( later Kitchener , Ontario ) in 1914 .
The factory was the first in Canada to have a proper test track and test hill . It also had a club building with reading rooms , pool and dining rooms for factory workers with a separate one for white collar staff .
A 30-hp four-cylinder Regal and the V8 Regal were produced . Local bodywork was used on the Regal components shipped from Detroit . Between 200 and 400 cars were sold up to the end of 1916 when supply problems arose with the Detroit factory . Due to World War I , Regal Motor Company in Detroit closed down .
Nyberg closed and sold the factory in 1918 and built another factory next door to build the Saxon automobile . When this did n't happen , he made the Dominion unit , which converted cars into light trucks .
Advertisements
Models
Production
Annual production totals
See also
Regal automobiles at ConceptCarz
Bonhams - 1911 Seabrook-RMC
Detroit Public Library Collection - Regal Motor Car images
Brass Era car
List of defunct United States automobile manufacturers
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Michigan
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Canada
Brass Era vehicles
1900s cars
1910s cars
Vysoké Veselí is a town in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic . It has about 900 inhabitants .
Administrative parts
The village of Veselská Lhota is an administrative part of Vysoké Veselí .
Notable people
Friedrich Franz ( 1783–1860 ) , mathematician and priest
References
External links
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Jičín District
Poecilasthena pisicolor is a moth in the family Geometridae . It is found in Australia , including Western Australia .
References
Moths described in 1942
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Strange Cargo is the second album by electronic instrumentalist William Orbit . It is the first in a series of similarly titled albums : Strange Cargo II , Strange Cargo III , and Strange Cargo Hinterland . In its original release it was accompanied by a short liner note by Miles Copeland .
Track listing
`` Via Caliente '' – 2:35
`` Fire and Mercy '' – 5:10
`` Jump Jet '' – 2:08
`` Silent Signals '' – 5:56
`` The Secret Garden '' – 3:36
`` Out of the Ice '' – 3:20
`` Scorpion '' – 2:05
`` Riding to Rio '' – 3:02
`` Jimmy 's Jag '' – 3:26
`` The Mighty Limpopo '' – 4:18
`` Theme Dream '' – 2:03
1987 albums
William Orbit albums
Albums produced by William Orbit
I.R.S . Records albums
Sütoluk is a village in the District of Posof , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Posof District
LeBoeuf , Le Boeuf , LeBœuf or Le Bœuf may refer to :
People
David LeBoeuf ( b . 1989 ) , American politician
Edmond Le Bœuf ( 1809–1888 ) , French general , Marshal of France
Frank Leboeuf ( b . 1968 ) , French footballer , actor , and sports commentator
Henry Le Bœuf ( 1874–1935 ) , Belgian banker , patron of the arts , and music lover
Laurence Leboeuf ( b . 1985 ) , Canadian actress
Michael LeBoeuf ( b. ? ) , American business author and management professor
Remy Le Boeuf ( b . 1986 ) , American jazz saxophonist , composer , and multi-instrumentalist
Shia LaBeouf ( b . 1986 ) , American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker
Other
Fort Le Boeuf , a fort that was located near present-day Waterford , Pennsylvania
Lake LeBoeuf , a lake in Pennsylvania , United States
Le Boeuf Brothers , a modern jazz group
LeBoeuf Township , Erie County , Pennsylvania
LeBoeuf Creek ( disambiguation )
LeBoeuf , Lamb , Greene & MacRae , a law firm
Le Bœuf sur le toit , a ballet
Le Boeuf sur le Toit ( cabaret ) , a cabaret in Paris
See also
Boeuf or Bœuf ( disambiguation )
Surnames of French origin
Orfű is a village in Baranya county , Hungary . The settlement is a well-known pleasure resort .
External links
Street map
Page of Orfű village
Populated places in Baranya County
Ohlsdorf may refer to :
Ohlsdorf , Hamburg
Ohlsdorf Cemetery
Ohlsdorf , Austria
See also
Olsdorf
Monique Iannella ( born 1 August 1996 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who currently plays for the Hofstra Pride . She previously played in the Australian W-League for Adelaide United and Melbourne City and in the American college system for the Texas Longhorns .
Club career
Adelaide United , 2013–2015
Iannella made her debut in the Australian W-League for Adelaide United during the 2013/14 season . She made 8 appearances for the club primarily playing in the midfielder position . Adelaide finished the regular season in 6th place with a record . Iannella returned to Adelaide for the 2014/2015 season and started in all 7 matches in which she appeared . The team finished in seventh place during the regular season with a record .
Melbourne City , 2015–2016
In September 2015 , it was announced Iannella had signed with Melbourne City for the 2015/2016 season playing primarily in a defender position .
Texas Longhorns
In June 2016 , Iannella moved to Texas to study at the University of Texas at Austin and joined their soccer team , the Texas Longhorns .
Hofstra Pride
In 2017 , Iannella transferred to Hofstra Pride where she plays alongside countrywoman Emily Hulbert .
International career
Ianella represented Australia at the 2015 AFF Women 's Championship in Vietnam after helping the team qualify in November 2014 .
See also
Women 's association football in Australia
References
External links
Melbourne City player profile
Adelaide United player profile
1996 births
Living people
Australian women 's soccer players
Adelaide United FC ( A-League Women ) players
Melbourne City FC ( A-League Women ) players
Texas Longhorns women 's soccer players
Hofstra Pride women 's soccer players
A-League Women players
Women 's association football midfielders
Subotiv ( ) is a village ( selo ) in central Ukraine . It is located in Cherkasy Raion ( district ) of Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) , near the town of Chyhyryn . It belongs to Chyhyryn urban hromada , of which the administration is located in Chyhyryn .
Until 18 July 2020 , Subotiv belonged to Chyhyryn Raion . The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine , and its area was merged into Cherkasy Raion .
The village is located on the right bank of the Tiasmyn River , a tributary of the Dnieper , 7 km from Chyhyryn , 21 km from Adamivka river port , and 38 km from Fundukliivka railway station . A local auto road 2414 runs through the village .
The village name , Subotiv , according to one legend , took its roots from a live fire from oak firewood ( known as `` subotka '' ) that was in front of Perun . According to another legend , it came from the name of the place where water from two tributaries combines ( known as `` subod ' '' ) .
History
Based on archeological studies , the place was settled as early as Bronze Age . At the place there are also traces of Early Slavic , and Kiev Rus settlements . In the documents the first known reference to the village is dated back to early 17th century .
Famous places
Illinska Church , a church built by the order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky in 1653 . It is also the place where Khmelnytsky is buried . The church is pictured on one of the paintings by Taras Shevchenko in 1845 . The church is also pictured on ₴5 banknote , which is currently in circulation in Ukraine .
Notable people
Bohdan Khmelnytsky ( ca.1595–1657 ) , a Ukrainian military commander and Hetman of Zaporizhian Host .
References
Villages in Cherkasy Oblast
Sedgemoor is a low-lying area of land in Somerset , England . It lies close to sea level south of the Polden Hills , forming a large part of the Somerset Levels and Moors , a wetland area between the Mendips and the Blackdown Hills . The Neolithic people exploited the reed swamps for their natural resources and started to construct wooden trackways , including the world 's oldest known timber trackway , the Post Track , dating to the 3800s BC . The Levels were the location of the Iron Age Glastonbury Lake Village as well as two lake villages at Meare Lake . Several settlements and hill forts were built on the natural `` islands '' of slightly raised land , including Brent Knoll and Glastonbury . In the Roman period sea salt was extracted and a string of settlements were set up along the Polden Hills .
A scheduled monument is a nationally important archaeological site or monument which is given legal protection by being placed on a list ( or `` schedule '' ) by the Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport ; English Heritage takes the leading role in identifying such sites . The legislation governing this is the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 . The term `` monument '' can apply to the whole range of archaeological sites , and they are not always visible above ground . Such sites have to have been deliberately constructed by human activity . They range from prehistoric standing stones and burial sites , through Roman remains and medieval structures such as castles and monasteries , to later structures such as industrial sites and buildings constructed for the World Wars or the Cold War .
There are 79 scheduled monuments in Sedgemoor . The oldest are Neolithic , Bronze Age or Iron Age including hill forts , bowl barrows and occupied caves including several in Cheddar Gorge . Cannington Camp ( which is also known as Cynwit Castle ) dates from the Bronze Age , while Brent Knoll Camp between the Somerset Levels and Brean Down is Iron Age ( although there are some Bronze Age artefacts ) and it was reused in the Roman period . The Romano-British period is represented with several sites . Medieval sites include several motte-and-bailey castles and church or village crosses . Industrial development , particularly in Bridgwater , are represented by brick and tile kilns and a telescopic railway bridge . The most recent monuments are World War II bunkers and bombing decoys on Black Down . The monuments are listed below using the titles given in the English Heritage data sheets .
Monuments
| }
See also
Scheduled Monuments in Somerset
Grade I listed buildings in Sedgemoor
Grade II * listed buildings in Sedgemoor
Notes
References
List
List
History of Somerset
Sedgemoor
Lists of buildings and structures in Somerset
Karen Dotrice ( ; born 9 November 1955 ) is a British actress . She is known primarily for her role as Jane Banks in Walt Disney 's Mary Poppins , the feature film adaptation of the Mary Poppins book series . Dotrice was born in Guernsey on the Channel Islands to two stage actors . Her career began on stage , and expanded into film and television , including starring roles as a young girl whose beloved cat magically reappears in Disney 's The Three Lives of Thomasina and with Thomasina co-star Matthew Garber as one of two children pining for their parents ' attentions in Poppins . She appeared in five television programmes between 1972 and 1978 , when she made her only feature film as an adult . Her life as an actress concluded with a short run as Desdemona in the 1981 pre-Broadway production of Othello .
In 1984 , Dotrice retired from show business to focus on motherhood – she has three children from two marriages – though she has provided commentary for various Disney projects and has resumed making public appearances , including a cameo in Mary Poppins Returns in 2018 . She was named a Disney Legend in 2004 .
Early life
Born into a theatre family , Dotrice is the daughter of Kay ( Katharine Newman ) and Roy Dotrice , two Shakespearean actors who met and married while performing in repertory productions in the UK . Her father also was born in the Channel Islands . She has two sisters , Michele and Yvette , both of whom are actresses . Her godfather was actor Charles Laughton , who was married to Elsa Lanchester , one of the co-stars of Mary Poppins .
Her father , Roy was a Wireless Operator serving with 106 Squadrons of the Royal Air Force and along with his other six crew was shot down and taken prisoner of war on the night of 2/3 May 1942 .
Dotrice was a toddler when her father joined the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre ( later the Royal Shakespeare Company ) in 1957 . By age four , she was ready to perform , making her début in an RSC production of The Caucasian Chalk Circle by Bertolt Brecht . There , a Disney scout saw Dotrice and brought her to Burbank , California , to meet Walt Disney .
Career
Film
At age 8 , Dotrice was hired in 1963 to appear in The Three Lives of Thomasina as a girl whose relationship with her father is mended by the magical reappearance of her cat . While Dotrice was in California , her father stayed in England – where he was portraying King Lear – and Walt Disney personally took care of her family , often hosting them in his Palm Springs home . Dotrice took quickly to Disney as a father figure , calling him `` Uncle Walt '' . She said the admiration was mutual : `` I think he really liked English kids . He was tickled pink by the accent and the etiquette . And when I was being very English and polite , he would look proudly at this little child who had such good manners . ''
Film historian Leonard Maltin said Dotrice `` won over everyone '' with her performance in The Three Lives of Thomasina , and she was signed to play Jane Banks ( along with once and future co-star Matthew Garber as her brother , Michael Banks ) in Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) . Disney 's part-live-action , part-animation musical adaptation of the Poppins children 's books by P. L. Travers starred David Tomlinson as a workaholic father and Glynis Johns as a suffragette mother who are too busy to spend much time with their children . Instead , they hire a nanny ( Julie Andrews ) who takes Jane and Michael on magical adventures designed to teach them – and their parents – about the importance of family . Poppins was Disney 's biggest commercial success at the time and won five Academy Awards , making its stars world-famous . Dotrice and Garber were praised for their natural screen presence ; critic Bosley Crowther wrote , `` the kids ... are just as they should be , '' while author Brian Sibley said , `` these charming , delightful young people provided a wonderful centre for the film . ''
Dotrice and Garber paired up a third time in The Gnome-Mobile ( 1967 ) as the grandchildren of a rich lumber mogul who stumble across a gnome forest and help to stop the gnomes from dying off . Starring Walter Brennan in a dual role , The Gnome-Mobile failed to perform on a par with Poppins at the box office , and Dotrice did not make another film appearance as a child .
After The Gnome-Mobile , `` the kids '' no longer kept in contact with each other . In an interview for the 40th Anniversary Edition DVD release of Mary Poppins , Dotrice recalled how she learned of Garber 's 1977 death :
In another interview she recalled :
In 1977 , credited as Karen Dotrice Nalle , she appeared with Ann-Margret in Joseph Andrews , a British film based on the Henry Fielding novel Joseph Andrews .
Dotrice appeared as Alex Mackenzie in The Thirty Nine Steps ( 1978 ) with Robert Powell and John Mills . The third film based on the John Buchan novel , this was her only feature film as an adult . In the film , Alex accompanies Hannay ( Powell ) while on the run from `` both the spies and the police '' .
Television
In 1974 , Dotrice appeared as Désirée Clary in the Thames Television serial Napoleon and Love . The nine-hour , dramatised account of Napoleon I of France starred Ian Holm and Tim Curry .
Also in 1974 , she appeared alongside Helen Mirren and Clive Revill in Bellamira . The following year , Dotrice played housemaid Lily Hawkins in six episodes of Upstairs , Downstairs during its fifth and final season . The series , a narrative of the upper class Bellamy family and their servants in Edwardian England , early in the 20th century , was one of the most popular programmes produced by London Weekend Television for ITV . It also proved popular when shown in the United States on Masterpiece Theatre , and was `` beloved throughout much of the world . ''
Dotrice took on the role of Maria Beadnell in two episodes of the serial Dickens of London ( 1976 ) , starring her father as both Charles and John Dickens . In 1977 she appeared as Princess Ozyliza in the Jackanory episode `` The Princess and the Hedgehog '' .
In 1978 , Dotrice made her final screen appearance for some years as an actress , playing Jenny in the BBC2 Play of the Week , She Fell Among Thieves . Starring Malcolm McDowell and Eileen Atkins , Thieves made its U.S. début on 5 February 1980 – the first film screened as part of the PBS Mystery ! series .
Later career
In 1981 , Dotrice took the role of Desdemona in the Warner Theatre production of Othello opposite James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer . Reviewers were less than kind ; calling her `` the only serious let-down '' in the cast , David Richards of The Washington Post wrote , `` Dotrice is not Desdemona . She is a Desdemona doll , reciting her lines in a thin , reedy voice and moving through the tragedy with a rare somnolence . '' Dianne Wiest took the role in the 1982 Broadway production and received similar reviews .
Dotrice virtually disappeared from public life following her retirement . She was married to English actor Alex Hyde-White from 1986 to 1992 ; they have a son , Garrick . In 1994 , Dotrice married then-Universal Studios executive Edwin `` Ned '' Nalle and later gave birth to two children , Isabella and Griffin .
Her voice work includes spoken-word adaptations of Disney 's The Little Mermaid , Beauty and the Beast and Pocahontas ; a sing-along release of Mary Poppins ; an interview for the ABC television special Walt : The Man Behind the Myth ; and narration for the audiobook adaptation of Dangerous Women by George R. R. Martin . She appeared as herself in the 2009 film The Boys : The Sherman Brothers ' Story . As for acting , however , `` I 'll never go back , '' she told Hello ! magazine in 1995 , `` because you do n't have to put on any make-up . ''
Dotrice was coaxed back into the spotlight twice in 2004 : she was named a Disney Legend at a ceremony in Burbank ( at which Matthew Garber was honoured posthumously ) , and she was interviewed and provided audio commentary for the 40th Anniversary Edition Mary Poppins DVD release . Dotrice also provided audio commentary for the Acorn Media DVD release of Upstairs , Downstairs Series 5 , discussing Episode 7 ( `` Disillusion '' ) , the final episode in which she appears .
Despite having retired from acting , Dotrice 's official website announced in 2014 that she will be making public appearances `` for the first time in 50 years '' . The list includes memorabilia shows , signings and corporate events .
Looking back
Almost a half-century after Poppins , and just in time for its 50th anniversary Blu-ray re-release and the theatrical release of Saving Mr. Banks , Dotrice , who had since moved to Brentwood , California , told the Los Angeles Times that it was n't until seeing Saving Mr. Banks that she truly understood why Walt Disney was the father figure she remembered . `` I did n't know P. L. Travers ' history '' with Disney and his many years spent trying to convince Travers to let him tell the Poppins story on film . Dotrice noted a common thread ; Travers was eight years old when her father died , and Walt Disney 's father put him to work when he was eight . `` I was eight when I did the film . I think P. L. Travers was trying to fix families [ with the Poppins books , and Disney ] wanted to heal people through his movies . Here I am 50 years later looking at this – I was crying when I was watching the film . '' In 2018 , she appeared on a television special of Mary Poppins Returns : Behind the Magic -- A Special Edition of 20/20 which aired on 22 November 2018 on ABC . She makes a cameo appearance in Mary Poppins Returns as an elegant lady who passes by the main characters on Cherry Tree Lane and asks for directions to # 19 . Talking about the cameo , Dotrice said , `` Now that Mary Poppins is back it feels like she was here all along . She was in our hearts all along , that 's for sure . I think her timing is immaculate , the world has never needed her more and so she 's done it practically perfectly . ''
That experience stood in contrast to her memories of working on Poppins . `` The joy that you see on the screen is the joy we felt . '' Dotrice recalled having a difficult time staying in character whenever Dick Van Dyke would do one of his `` goofy dances '' . She also thought it odd that Julie Andrews was a smoker . `` Everybody smoked back then . I have memories of Mary Poppins smoking a cigarette '' .
Still , in hindsight , Dotrice said she would never have done Poppins or any of her other films if she had it to do over again . She said children `` should be learning and growing at their own pace '' rather than `` living in a Justin Bieber-esque-type world surrounded by a bunch of 'yes ' people '' . Dotrice had seen so many of her peers struggling with `` all sorts of demons '' while growing up that she did n't want her children becoming actors . She said she gave up her own career when she was asked as a teenager to appear topless on screen .
Filmography
Awards
See also
Matthew Garber
References
External links
Disney Legends profile
Reel Classics : `` Whatever Happened to ... ''
1955 births
Living people
20th-century English actresses
21st-century English actresses
Audiobook narrators
Disney people
English child actresses
English film actresses
English stage actresses
English television actresses
Guernsey women
The 3rd Iowa Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 3rd Iowa Cavalry was organized at Keokuk , Iowa and mustered in for three years of Federal service between August 30 , 1861 , and September 14 , 1861 .
The regiment was mustered out of Federal service on August 9 , 1865 .
Total strength and casualties
A total of 2,165 men served in the 3rd Iowa at one time or another during its existence .
It suffered 5 officers and 79 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 4 officers and 230 enlisted men who died of disease , for a total of 318 fatalities .
Commanders
Colonel Cyrus Bussey
Colonel Henry C. Caldwell
Colonel John Willock Noble
Other Notable People
Charlotte Hatfield , who may have served with the 3rd Iowa Cavalry under an assumed name .
John Pickler , United States Representative from South Dakota .
Calvary M. Young , who captured a Confederate brigadier general in 1864 , during Price 's Raid into Missouri and Kansas .
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
1861 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
The 2015 Northern NSW Football season was the second season under the new competition format in northern New South Wales . The competition consisted of six divisions across the district . The overall premier for the new structure qualified for the National Premier Leagues finals series , competing with the other state federation champions in a final knockout tournament to decide the National Premier Leagues Champion for 2015 .
League Tables
2015 National Premier League Northern NSW
The 2015 National Premier League Northern NSW season was played over 18 rounds . The bottom team was relegated to the 2016 Northern NSW State League Division 1 . Promoted for 2015 are Maitland FC , who were previously in the top tier of Northern NSW football in 2002 . In a change for 2015 , the top four teams in the league will contest the semi-finals , which will be conducted over two legs .
Finals
Top Scorers
2015 Northern NSW State League Division 1
The 2015 Northern NSW State League Division 1 season is the second season of the new Northern NSW State League Division 1 as the second level domestic association football competition in the district of Northern NSW . 11 teams will compete , all playing each other twice , for a total of 20 rounds . The top team at the end of the year is promoted to the 2016 National Premier Leagues Northern NSW , subject to meeting criteria .
Finals
2015 Zone Premier League
The 2015 Zone Premier League season is the second edition of the Newcastle Zone Premier League as the third level domestic football competition in the district of Northern NSW . 10 teams will compete , all playing each other twice for a total of 18 rounds .
Finals
2015 Zone League 1
The 2015 Zone League 1 season is the second edition of the Zone League 1 as the fourth level domestic football competition in the district of Northern NSW . 10 teams will compete , all playing each other twice for a total of 18 matches .
Finals
2015 Zone League 2
The 2015 Zone League 2 season is the second edition of the Zone League 2 as the fifth level domestic football competition in the district of Northern NSW . 10 teams will compete , all playing each other twice for a total of 18 matches .
Finals
2015 Zone League 3
The 2015 Zone League 3 season is the second edition of the Zone League 3 as the sixth level domestic football competition in the district of Northern NSW . 10 teams will compete , all playing each other twice for a total of 18 matches .
Finals
2015 Women 's Premier League
The highest tier domestic football competition in Northern NSW for women was known for sponsorship reasons as the Herald Women 's Premier League . The 8 teams played a triple round-robin for a total of 18 games , followed by a finals series .
Cup Competitions
FFA Cup Preliminary Rounds
Northern NSW soccer clubs competed in 2015 within the Northern NSW Preliminary Rounds for the 2015 FFA Cup . In addition to the A-League club Newcastle Jets , the two Round 7 winners - Broadmeadow Magic and Edgeworth FC - qualified for the final rounds of the 2015 FFA Cup , entering at the Round of 32 , where they were both eliminated .
References
Northern NSW Football
Vasily Sergeevich Nemchinov ( ( 2 January 1894 – 5 November 1964 ) was a Soviet economist and mathematician . Nemchinov is credited with introducing mathematical methods into Soviet economics , thus creating a scientific basis for central planning .
Biography
Nemchinov was born in Grabovo , a village about 20 km north of Penza in at was the Penzenskaya Guberniya of Imperial Russia . He attended secondary school in Chelyabinsk until 1913 . He then studied at the economics department of the Moscow Institute of Commerce ( ) . After graduation in 1917 he began to work as an economist and statistician for the local government in the Chelyabinsk district .
Works
`` On the Statistical Study of Rural Class Stratification '' , 1926 , Bulleting of the Urals Regional Statistical Admin .
`` Experience from the Classification of Peasant Households '' , Vestnik statistiki .
The Use of Mathematics in Economics , 3 volumes , 1959-65 .
Methods and Models of Mathematical Economics , 1967-9 .
Selected Works , 1967-9 .
Honors
Stalin Prize , ( 1946 )
Honorary member of the Royal Statistical Society , ( 1961 )
Lenin Prize , ( 1965 , posthumously )
External links
Biography at the Central Economic Mathematical Institute
Information about his works
1894 births
1964 deaths
People from Bessonovsky District
Soviet economists
20th-century economists
Soviet mathematicians
Russian economists
Russian mathematicians
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Academicians of the VASKhNIL
Academicians of the Byelorussian SSR Academy of Sciences
Stalin Prize winners
Lenin Prize winners
Anfisa Serhiyivna Pochkalova ( ; born 1 March 1990 ) is a Ukrainian épée fencer . She is the 2009 world individual bronze medalist .
Personal life
Pochkalova was born 1 March 1990 in Lviv . She is a student at the Lviv State University of Physical Culture .
Career
Pochkalova learnt fencing in Lviv under Zoriana Savruk , then Andriy Orlykovskyi , who also trained Olympic champion Yana Shemyakina . She won in 2007 a bronze medal at the Cadet European Championships in Novi Sad and a silver medal at the Junior European Championship in Prague . She joined in 2008 the national senior team and took part in her first World championships in Beijing , where Ukraine finished 13th .
In 2009 , she earned a bronze medal at the Junior World Championships in Belfast . She was part of the Ukrainian team that won the gold medal at the 2009 Summer Universiade in Belgrade . She reached the semi-final in the senior World Fencing Championships after defeating reigning Olympic champion Britta Heidemann , but fell to Russia 's Lyubov Shutova and came away with a bronze medal . She finished the 2008–09 season no.1 in junior rankings and no.26 in senior rankings , a career best as of 2014 .
This early success was followed by a dry spell . She took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London as a member of the Ukrainian team . They were largely defeated by Russia in the first round and finished last after the classification matches . In the 2012–13 season Pochkalova returned to a top 50 ranking with a table of 16 at the Xuzhou Grand Prix , a quarter-final at the European Championships and a second round at the World Championships . After a disappointing 2013–14 season , she won at Legnano her first World Cup competition after defeating Romania 's Ana Maria Brânză in the final .
References
External links
( archive )
1990 births
Living people
Ukrainian female épée fencers
Sportspeople from Lviv
Olympic fencers of Ukraine
Fencers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in fencing
Universiade gold medalists for Ukraine
Universiade bronze medalists for Ukraine
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
20th-century Ukrainian women
21st-century Ukrainian women
The white flower moth ( Schinia bimatris ) is a moth of the family Noctuidae found in the United States and Canada . It is designated as Endangered under Canada 's Species At Risk Act and Manitoba 's Endangered Species and Ecosystems Act .
Description
The appearance of white flower moth larvae is unknown . The wings , thorax , and abdomen of adult moths are completely white , while the head is orange . Adults have a wingspan of about 30 mm ( 1.2 in ) .
Range
The range of this species includes much of the south-central and south-eastern United States and a disjunct population in the Carberry sandhills in Manitoba , Canada .
Ecology
In the United States , the white flower moth has been recorded in coastal longleaf pine woodlands , while in Canada it is restricted to open sand dune areas . The larval food plant ( s ) has yet to be determined but it has been suggested that the larvae may feed on Nuttall 's Evening-primrose ( Oenothera nuttallii ) . The adults are primarily nocturnal but have been observed flying during the day .
Taxonomy
This species was first described by Leon F. Harvey in 1875 as Pippona bimatris from specimens collected in Bosque County , Texas , by Gustav Belfrage , but was later transferred to Schinia .
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Leon F. Harvey
Moths described in 1875
Mauritius first participated at the Olympic Games in 1984 , and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then . The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games . Mauritius also supported the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
At the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games , Bruno Julie secured Mauritius ' first Olympic medal by reaching the bantamweight boxing semifinals and earning the bronze medal .
The National Olympic Committee for Mauritius was founded in 1971 by Ram Ruhee , who remained its Secretary General until his death in 2008 . It was officially recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1972 .
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by sport
List of medalists
See also
List of flag bearers for Mauritius at the Olympics
: Category : Olympic competitors for Mauritius
Mauritius at the Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
Slavianism or Slavism ( ) is a general term for Slavic culture , civilization and identity . It may refer to :
Slavs , an Indo-European ethno-linguistic group
Pan-Slavism , a political ideology
Slavic culture , various cultures of Slavic Europe
Slavic nationalism ( disambiguation ) , various forms of nationalism
Slavic Native Faith , a modern Pagan religion
See also
Slavic ( disambiguation )
Slavia ( disambiguation )
Slavyansk ( disambiguation )
Slavyansky ( disambiguation )
Khristo Kovachki ( ; born 23 March 1967 ) is a Bulgarian biathlete . He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Bulgarian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Bulgaria
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Margaret of Baden ( 1431 – 24 October 1457 ) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage Margravine of Brandenburg-Ansbach and Brandenburg-Kulmbach . She was the daughter of Jacob , Margrave of Baden-Baden , and his wife Catherine of Lorraine .
In 1446 , Margaret married Albert of Brandenburg , the future Albert III Achilles , Elector of Brandenburg , in Heilsbronn . Margaret died before he succeeded to the Electorate of Brandenburg , thus never served as Electress . Their marriage produced three sons and three daughters :
Ursula ( 1450–1508 )
married in 1467 Duke Henry I of Münsterberg-Oels ( 1448-1498 )
Elisabeth ( 1451–1524 )
married in 1467 Duke Eberhard II of Württemberg ( 1447-1504 )
Margaret ( 1453–1509 ) , abbess of the Poor Clares convent at Hof from 1476
John Cicero ( 1455–1499 ) , Elector of Brandenburg
Margaret died in Ansbach in 1457 shortly after her husband acquired the Margraviate of Brandenburg-Kulmbach .
|-
Margravines of Brandenburg-Ansbach
House of Hohenzollern
1431 births
1457 deaths
15th-century German people
15th-century German women
House of Zähringen
Pivotal Software , Inc. was an American multinational software and services company based in San Francisco that provided cloud platform hosting and consulting services . Since December 2019 , Pivotal has been part of VMware .
History
Pivotal Software was formed in 2012 after spinning out of EMC Corporation and VMware ( which was majority-owned by EMC ) . The name came from the Pivotal Labs LLC which had been acquired by EMC , and briefly used the name GoPivotal , Incorporated . On April 24 , 2013 , the organization announced a investment from General Electric ( for 10 % equity ) and Pivotal One , including Cloud Foundry for cloud computing .
Paul Maritz became Pivotal 's chief executive immediately after the spin-out . Maritz had joined EMC in February 2008 when Pi Corporation , a company he co-founded , was acquired and was previously the CEO of VMware .
The Greenplum Database ( acquired by EMC in 2010 ) formed the basis of a division selling software for the big data market .
In March 2013 , a distribution of Apache Hadoop called Pivotal HD was announced , including a version of the Greenplum software for it called Hawq .
Paul Maritz became Pivotal 's Chairman and Rob Mee , founder of Pivotal Labs , became chief executive officer of Pivotal Software on August 18 , 2015 . In May , 2016 , a round of investment was announced , including Ford investments . EMC also converted of debt into equity at that time .
In March 2018 , the company filed for an initial public offering , debuting on the NYSE on April 20 , 2018 . The trading price began at $ 15 a share , and closed with a 5 % increase on its first day . The company raised $ 555 million in the IPO .
On August 14 , 2019 VMware announced merger discussions with Pivotal , and a definitive agreement to acquire Pivotal Software was signed on August 22 , 2019 . The merger was completed on December 30 , 2019 . VMware folded Pivotal into the Tanzu application suite , with the Pivotal Labs consulting group rebranding to become VMware Tanzu Labs in January 2021 .
See also
Cloud Foundry
Greenplum
RabbitMQ
Spring Framework
References
Companies acquired by Dell
Software companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Software companies established in 2013
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
2018 initial public offerings
Companies based in San Francisco
Companies based in Palo Alto , California
Corporate spin-offs
2019 mergers and acquisitions
VMware
Software companies of the United States
2013 establishments in the United States
2013 establishments in California
Companies established in 2013
Fulwood Barracks is a military installation at Fulwood in Preston , Lancashire , England .
History
The barracks were built between 1842 and 1848 as a base , initially at least , for the 2nd Battalion 60th Rifles following the chartist riots . In 1861 an unfortunate incident took place when Private Patrick McCaffery shot both the Commanding Officer and the Adjutant of the base : he was hanged for the offence .
In 1873 a system of recruiting areas based on counties was instituted under the Cardwell Reforms and the barracks became the depot for the 47th ( Lancashire ) Regiment of Foot and the 81st Regiment of Foot ( Loyal Lincoln Volunteers ) . Following the Childers Reforms , the 47th and 81st Regiments amalgamated as the Loyal North Lancashire Regiment with its depot at the barracks in 1881 .
The barracks also served as the depot of the East Lancashire Regiment from 1898 , when the regiment re-located from Burnley Barracks , until 1939 . The Loyal North Lancashire Regiment and the East Lancashire Regiment both returned to the barracks shortly after the Second World War . The barracks , which went on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Lancastrian Brigade Depot in 1960 , became the depot of the Queen 's Lancashire Regiment in 1970 as well as Headquarters North West District in 1977 and then the headquarters of 42 ( North West ) Brigade in 1991 . The keep , and 15 other buildings and structures in the barracks , are Grade II listed buildings .
In November 2016 the Ministry of Defence announced that the site would close in 2022 ; however this was later put back to 2027 , and once more to 2030 .
Current units
Current units stationed at the barracks include :
British Army
Headquarters North West
Regimental Headquarters , Duke of Lancaster 's Regiment
Community Cadet Forces
Headquarters , Lancashire Army Cadet Force
Fulwood Detachment , Lancashire Army Cadet Force
See also
Kimberley Barracks ( Army Reserve barracks located in Preston , just south of Fulwood )
References
Installations of the British Army
Barracks in England
Buildings and structures in Preston
Grade II listed buildings in Lancashire
1842 establishments in England
Ia is a genus of bat in the family Vespertilionidae . It belongs to the subfamily Vespertilioninae and has been placed in the tribe Vespertilionini . In the past , it has also been considered a synonym or subgenus of the genera Pipistrellus or Eptesicus , which used to contain many more species than they do now . Ia comprises a single living species , the great evening bat ( I. io ) of eastern and southeastern Asia , and one extinct fossil species , I. lanna , from the Miocene epoch in Thailand . Another living species , I. longimana , was recognized in the past , but it is no longer considered a valid species distinct from the great evening bat .
At two letters , Ia ties the bat-like dinosaur Yi for the shortest possible name of any animal genus under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature .
Notes
Vesper bats
Bat genera
Mammal genera with one living species
Taxa named by Oldfield Thomas
Netawansum is a mythological figure in Mi'kmaq tradition who is the nephew/niece and travel companion of Klu'skap . Netawansum was created by Kisúlk using ocean foam that had been blown onto sweetgrass by the shore . Netawansum possessed knowledge about the life and strength of the maritime world .
During the sixth stage of creation , Netawansum met their uncle Klu'skap and granted him improved vision , including the ability to see great distances ; spirit ; and body . To celebrate their meeting , Netawansum brought gifts from the ocean to Klu'skap , who in return summoned fish from the ocean and cooked them to make a meal alongside nuts from the trees . Together with Klu'skap and Klu'skap 's grandmother Nukumi , they found Klu'skap 's mother , Níkanaptekewísqw . This group of four lived together for a long time before Klu'skap decided to leave his mother and nephew/niece and travel north with his grandmother .
A Mi'kmaq ceremony held during council gatherings burns sweetgrass to honour the arrival of Netawansum .
References
Abenaki mythology
Gods of the indigenous peoples of North America
Mi'kmaq
BYU Studies Quarterly is an academic journal covering a broad array of topics related to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( Mormon studies ) . It is published by the church-owned Brigham Young University . The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database .
History
Originally proposed as Wasatch Review , the periodical was established as Brigham Young University Studies and was first printed in January 1959 , as an issue of Brigham Young University Bulletin printed by BYU Press . It obtained its current name in April 2012 .
Editors
The following people have been editor-in-chief :
Clinton F. Larson ( 1959–1967 )
Charles D. Tate ( 1968–1983 )
Edward Geary ( 1984–1991 )
John W. Welch ( 1991–2018 )
Steven C. Harper ( 2019-present )
See also
List of Latter Day Saint periodicals
References
External links
1959 establishments in Utah
Brigham Young University publications
Mormon apologetics
Publications established in 1959
Mormon studies journals
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints periodicals
Magazines published in Utah
Melina León ( born 12 July 1973 as Yamillette Aponte Yunqué in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican merengue singer and actress . From an early age she performed with several groups including The Rubi , Girls of Puerto Rico and The Cherries , with whom she appeared in several San Juan hotels . Her first recording , Mujeres Liberadas , appeared in 1997 on the Tropix Music label . This was followed in 1998 with a Sony release , Con Los Pies Sobre La Tierra . By 2003 , she was also performing as an actress on television movies such as : `` Yo Creo en Santa Claus '' in 2004 , broadcast by Televicentro in Puerto Rico , and Wapa America in the United States , among others , and has received several popular awards and had several successful albums and singles on the Billboard Tropical and Latin charts .
Musical career
León started singing as a girl in musical festivals and music contests . At the age of 15 , she joined a group called Las Cheris ( The Cherries ) . After that she formed a group called Ruby which released an album through Independent Musical Productions .
Tropix Music signed her as a solo artist and she released her first album Mujeres Liberadas ( Liberated Women ) in 1997 which reached the top 10 of the Billboard tropical charts . The title track was a top 20 track on the Latin charts .
This attracted the interest of Sony Music who released her second album Con Los Pies Sobre La Tierra produced by Eduardo Reyes which made both the Billboard Latin and Billboard tropical album charts . Me Voy De Fiesta became another sizable hit single .
Baño de Luna was another top 10 Latin album when released and also won the best female merengue singer by Premios de Musica 2000 . Corazón de Mujer was another top 10 Latin album which was nominated for best tropical/salsa album in the 2002 Billboard Latin Awards . A self-titled album reached the top 15 of the Billboard tropical album charts in 2003 while she has also released an album called Serie Azul Tropical . In 2006 , she recorded an album with the famous Colombian vocal group : Los Trío , and together taped a T.V . Special about it , broadcast by Tu Universo Television .
In 2010 Melina Leon won her first Premio Lo Nuestro Award as Best Tropical Female Artist . She is also an advocate for mother and kids .
She is featured on the single `` No soy tu tipo '' on J'Martin 's album Para Ti .
Boat accident
On Thursday , 2 April 2015 , Melina Leon went to Culebra island for an Easter weekend vacation . While on their way to Culebrita island ( an atoll off Culebra ) , a boat that she and her family and friends had boarded exploded , injuring a friend . Leon was uninjured in the accident .
Discography
This is a discography of León 's charting albums on Billboard 's Latin and tropical charts .
Mujeres Liberadas ( 1997 ) # 9 Tropical/Salsa
singles Mujeres Liberadas , Ya No Soy Buena
Con los Pies Sobre la Tierra ( 1998 ) # 5 Tropical # 26 Latin
singles Me Voy Fiesta Hoy , Te Crucifico O Te Santifico , Vieje Al Cielo , La Persona Equivocada ,
Baño de Luna ( 2000 ) # 3 Tropical # 8 Latin
singles Baño de Luna , Cuando Una Mujer , Siento
Corazon de Mujer ( 2001 ) # 1 Tropical # 7 Latin # 40 Heatseeker
Corazon de Mujer , Qué será de ti , Un Hombre de Verdad
Melina León ( 2004 ) No . 14 Tropical
Quiero Ser Tuya
Vas A Pagar ... y sus Exitos ( 2007 )
Vas A Pagar
No Seas Cobarde ( 2008 )
No Seas Cobarde
Todavia Duele
Dos Caras ( 2010 )
Nos Vamos De Fiesta
Caminando
References
External links
[ Allmusic Melina León ]
VH1 Melina León article
Myspace fan club
Myspace
1972 births
Living people
People from Río Piedras , Puerto Rico
Merengue musicians
20th-century Puerto Rican women singers
21st-century Puerto Rican women singers
Women in Latin music
Richard S. Gordon is a former president of the American Jewish Congress ( AJC ) . He was critical of Ms. magazine for refusing to accept an advertisement about three prominent Israeli women .
Gordon is also a partner in McKenna Long & Aldridge 's Public Policy and Regulatory Affairs practice , where he concentrates on International and Government Affairs . During his career , Gordon has been heavily involved in public policy and strategic planning in both the public and private sectors . His significant experience has positioned him as a key national government affairs strategist , directing and managing complex strategic and policy related issues that have multi-state implications . His practice focuses on state and local government procurement , business development , and corporate and not-for-profit strategic planning . He works closely with clients to strategically position them on business , political and other policy-related matters .
Gordon was the executive director of the Friends of Mario M. Cuomo , served on Vice President Mondale 's presidential campaign staff where he focused on issues of concern to senior citizens and was an aide to Senator Claude Pepper , and worked on a number of Congressional campaigns . He also served on the staff of Congressmen from New Jersey and Michigan , again focusing on senior , social security and energy issues . In 1992 , Gordon was appointed a Clinton/Gore member of the Democratic Platform Committee . Gordon is a member of the chairman 's board of Democratic Governors , a position he has held since the board 's inception .
Additionally , President George W. Bush appointed Gordon to serve on the Honorary Delegation to accompany him to Jerusalem for the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the State of Israel in May 2008 .
Prior to joining McKenna Long & Aldridge , Gordon was the founder of the Gordon Law Firm , a New York-based law firm with a national practice .
In addition to his legal experience , Gordon also held significant leadership positions in the private sector . He served as President of an international results oriented strategic planning firm , assisting clients in expansion , development and marketing decisions , public policy analysis and advice on the state , national and international level . He was also the Executive Vice President of a leading publicly traded health care company and its related nursing home and medical managed care companies . Gordon sits on the board of NNC Group , a telecommunications company that provides customized , high capacity telephony services such as call center design and call routing , voice and fax broadcast , and interactive voice response technology .
He is the author of `` Hazardous Waste Management Requirements in Indiana , '' which appeared in the book , Hazardous Waste in Indiana .
References
Living people
American Jewish Congress
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Johann Frint ( 6 May 1888 – 25 February 1918 ) was an Austro-Hungarian flying ace during World War I and professional soldier credited with six aerial victories while flying as an aerial observer . Crippled as an infantry officer in November 1914 , Frint volunteered for the Austro-Hungarian Aviation Troops . He scored his victories on the Italian Front from the rear seat of two-seater reconnaissance aircraft with a variety of pilots , including a triple victory while being flown by his commanding officer , Heinrich Kostrba . Rewarded with the Order of the Iron Crown and Military Merit Medal , Frint became a mediocre pilot . He was entrusted with successive commands of a number of squadrons before dying in an airplane crash in 1918 .
Life before World War I
Johann Frint was born on 6 May 1888 in Budapest , Hungary . His boyhood ambition was to be a soldier . However , that was not his only interest . He was a skilled equestrian and swimmer . He was also a bicyclist , and unusually for the era , skilled at driving an automobile .
As a professional military man , he already held the rank of Oberleutnant ( First lieutenant ) and the position of company commander in Austro-Hungarian Infantry Regiment No . 65 when World War I began . He led his troops into heavy combat on the Russian Front until he was severely wounded in November 1914 . Unable to return to infantry duty because of lingering disabilities , he transferred to the Austro-Hungarian Aviation Troops .
Aerial observer duty
Once trained as an aerial observer at Wiener-Neustadt , he was posted to Fliegerkompanie 23 ( Flik 23 ) to fly in the rear seat of either Lloyd or Hansa-Brandenburg two-seater reconnaissance aircraft . Flik 23 was stationed in northern Italy .
At 07:50 hours on 29 April 1916 , Frint scored his first aerial victory from the observer 's seat of a Lloyd C.III . His accurate fire from his Schwarzlose M 7/12 machine gun forced an Italian Farman into landing west of Monte Tomba . His second victory came at 09:30 hours on 7 June 1916 , by firing a Fiat–Revelli Modello 1914 machine gun on a flexible mount at a Farman from the back seat of a Hansa-Brandenburg C.I ; he forced the Italian plane into a topsy-turvy crash-landing . His pilot was his commanding officer , Hauptmann ( Captain ) Heinrich Kostrba .
His commander was also his pilot for a triple victory on 29 June 1916 . Beginning at 07:15 hours , their combat extended more than an hour . First , they clashed with an unidentified large Italian plane and crashed it ; a radio intercept would verify that two members of the Italian air crew were killed , two wounded . Frint and Kostrba then successively forced two enemy Farmans to land . By 08:20 , Frint and Kostrba were aces .
Frint would have one more victory , when he drove down one of four Nieuport fighters at 08:30 hours 8 August 1916 while on a photo intelligence mission . He included a photo of the downed Nieuport in his photo mission as proof of his success .
Frint 's valor had not gone unnoticed . He was awarded both the Silver Military Merit Medal and the Order of the Iron Crown , Third Class with War Decorations .
Service as a pilot
Frint then applied for pilot 's training in September 1916 . He was accepted , but struggled to gain his pilot 's badge . Upon graduation , his superiors concluded his disabilities kept him from becoming an expert pilot , but were not eager to lose the services of an enthusiastic seasoned professional soldier . They appointed him to command of several different training units in succession . Then , in September 1917 , he was appointed to command of Fliegerkompanie 27 on a quiet sector of the Russian Front . In February 1918 , Frint and his squadron were transferred to another quiet assignment , in the Tyrol . It was there he met his end . On 25 February 1918 , he was killed during a test flight of an Albatros D.III fighter .
Heinrich Kostrba summed up Johann Frint :
Citations
Sources
1888 births
1918 deaths
Austro-Hungarian World War I flying aces
People from Pančevo
Boston Nealand Scott ( born April 27 , 1995 ) is an American football running back for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League ( NFL ) and professional Rocket League esports player of Dignitas . He played college football at Louisiana Tech . He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the sixth round of the 2018 NFL Draft .
High school and college career
Scott attended Zachary High School where he was the leading rusher and earned local and state honors . He was a high school state champion in weightlifting .
Scott played four seasons for Louisiana Tech . In his senior season at Louisiana Tech , the diminutive running back rushed for 937 yards on 163 attempts for a 5.7 yards per attempt regular season average . He amassed 1,301 yards overall offense contributing 108.4 yards per game in 2017 . Scott was a watchlist candidate for the Wuerffel Trophy .
College statistics
Professional career
New Orleans Saints
Scott was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the sixth round ( 201st overall ) of the 2018 NFL Draft . On May 10 , 2018 , Scott signed his rookie contract with the Saints . After making the Saints ' initial 53-man roster , he was waived on September 5 , 2018 , and was re-signed to the practice squad .
Philadelphia Eagles
Scott was signed off the Saints ' practice squad by the Philadelphia Eagles on December 10 , 2018 .
Scott was waived during final roster cuts on August 31 , 2019 , but was re-signed to the team 's practice squad the next day . He was promoted to the active roster on October 11 , 2019 . Scott scored his first professional touchdown on a 4-yard run on October 27 , 2019 , when the Eagles defeated the Bills 31–13 . On December 9 , he had an extended role in a 23–17 overtime victory over the New York Giants and had 10 carries for 59 yards and a touchdown , along with six receptions for 69 yards . In Week 17 against the New York Giants , Scott rushed 19 times for 54 yards and three touchdowns and caught four passes for 84 yards during the 34–17 win that clinched a playoff spot for the Eagles .
Scott 's performance from the previous season earned him the backup running back position for 2020 . On October 22 , 2020 , Scott made the game-winning touchdown catch on an 18-yard pass from Carson Wentz in a 22–21 win against the Giants , finishing with 92 total yards of offense . In addition to being the Eagles primary punt returner , he ended up starting 4 games at the running back position in relief of Miles Sanders .
Scott signed a one-year exclusive-rights free agent tender with the Eagles on April 1 , 2021 . He was placed on the COVID list on January 3 , 2022 . He was activated one week later on January 10 , missing just one game where the Eagles did not play their starters .
NFL career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
Esports career
On February 3 , 2022 , Scott was signed to a multi-year deal with professional esports organization Dignitas as a content creator and substitute for their Rocket League roster .
References
External links
Philadelphia Eagles bio
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football bio
Louisiana Tech 's Boston Scott is the Most Elusive Player You 've Never Heard Of
Ranking 2018 NFL draft RBs by elusive rating
1995 births
Living people
American football running backs
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football players
New Orleans Saints players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Players of American football from Baton Rouge , Louisiana
Dignitas ( esports ) players
Rocket League players
The Mid Michigan Derby Girls ( MMDG ) is a roller derby league based in Mount Morris , Michigan . Founded in 2008 , the league consists of a single team , which competes against teams from other leagues .
Mid Michigan was founded in July 2008 , and claims that it was the fifth roller derby league in the state of Michigan . It began its first season in September 2009 , and in November it was accepted as a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice Program . At some point the league has left the program , and are not listed as a member , apprentice or otherwise , as of April 2017 .
The league quickly developed a local rivalry with the Flint City Derby Girls , and it implemented an annual bootcamp aimed at prospective skaters . By 2012 , its skaters came from a variety of backgrounds , including a truck driver and a hairdresser .
References
Roller derby leagues established in 2008
Roller derby leagues in Michigan
Sports in Flint , Michigan
2008 establishments in Michigan
Antioch , also known as Anti , is an unincorporated community in Cass County , Texas on Farm to Market road 96 . The town had a church from 1856 , and a post office was added in 1888 . The population is 45 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Cass County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Bertie is a nickname , often a diminutive form ( hypocorism ) of Albert , Bertram , Bertrand , Robert , etc . The nickname may refer to :
Edward VII of the United Kingdom ( 1841–1910 ) , called `` Bertie '' by his family after `` Albert '' , one of his given names
George VI of the United Kingdom ( 1895–1952 ) , also called `` Bertie '' by his family
Bertie Ahern ( born 1951 ) , Taoiseach of Ireland ( 1997–2008 )
Bertie Auld ( born 1938 ) , Scottish football player and manager of the Lisbon Lions
Bertie Bolton ( 1893–1964 ) , Indian Army and British Army officer , police officer and cricketer
Egbert Cadbury ( 1893–1967 ) , British Royal Navy First World War pilot and businessman
Bertie Carvel ( born 1977 ) , British actor
Bertie Clarke ( 1918–1993 ) , West Indian cricketer
Bertie Coxall ( 1924–1993 ) , founder of one of the world 's first air courier companies
Bertie Cozic ( born 1978 ) , French former footballer
Bertie Fulton ( 1906–1979 ) , amateur footballer from Northern Ireland
Bertie Harragin ( 1877–1941 ) , West Indian cricketer
Bertie Higgins ( born 1944 ) , American singer-songwriter
Bertie Higgins ( footballer ) ( born 1945 ) , Scottish footballer
Bertie Kerr ( 1896–1973 ) , Irish soccer player
Bertie King ( 1912–1981 ) , Jamaican jazz and mento musician
Bertie Loel ( born 1878 ) , Australian rules footballer
Bertie Marshall ( born 1936 ) , pioneer , musician and music instrument maker of the Steel Pan
Bertie Mee ( 1918–2001 ) , English football player and manager of Arsenal F.C .
Bertie Miller ( born 1949 ) , former professional footballer
Bertie Peacock ( 1928–2004 ) , football player and manager
Bertie Perkins ( 1905–1992 ) , English cricketer
R. M. `` Bertie '' Smyllie ( 1893–1954 ) , editor of The Irish Times
Herbert Sullivan ( 1868–1928 ) , nephew , heir and biographer of the British composer Arthur Sullivan
Bertie Troy ( 1930–2007 ) , Roman Catholic priest and an All-Ireland Hurling Final-winning manager with Cork
Bertie Wijesinha ( 1920-2017 ) , Sri Lankan Sinhala cricketer
Bertie Wright ( 1871–1960 ) , British actor of the silent era
See also
Lists of people by nickname
Hypocorisms
Chepkoya is a village found in Kaptalelio sub-location , Kongit location , Kaptama division of Bungoma County in western Kenya . It borders a forest known as Chesamo . Many people in the village are farmers . It has the population of 2134 people according to the census conducted in 2009 . It is the birthplace of famous runners such as Andrew Masai , Edith Masai , Titus Kwemoi and Gilbert Masai . Sprinter Joy Nakhumicha Sakari was also born there .
References
Populated places in Western Province ( Kenya )
Bungoma County
Karlı , Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç , Artvin Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 47 people .
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Karnataka State Film Award for Best Cinematographer is a state film award of the Indian state of Karnataka given during the annual Karnataka State Film Awards . The award honors Kannada language films .
Superlative winners
indicates one Awardee for different films .
Award winners
The following is a partial list of award winners and the name of the films for which they won .
See also
Cinema of Karnataka
List of Kannada-language films
References
Karnataka State Film Awards
Kannada-language films
Awards for best cinematography
Nyagatare is the largest and second most populous district ( akarere ) in Rwanda . Located in Eastern Province , Rwanda , it occupies the northeastern extremity of Rwanda . Its capital is Nyagatare City , the former capital of the now defunct Umutara province .
Nyagatare District borders Uganda in the North , Tanzania in the East , Gatsibo District of the ( Eastern Province ) in the South , and Gicumbi District of the Northern Province in the West .
Nyagatare has an area of 1741 km2 , what makes it the largest district in Rwanda . With a population of 466,944 in 2012 , Nyagatare is the second most populated district of Rwanda only after Gasabo District of Kigali City with 530,907 inhabitants . This is an 83 % increase from 2002 when the population was only 255,104 . This sharp rise in the population is due to the major movement of the population from other parts of the country in search of land .
Geography
Nyagatare is the largest district in Rwanda . Nyagatare lies in an area of grassy plains , and low hills , with excellent views in all directions , including the mountains of southern Uganda and , on a very clear day , the Virunga volcano range . The district has a higher temperature compared to the other parts of the country . It also receives lower precipitations .
The land is not farmed as extensively as other areas of the country , and there is a large amount of cattle .
The area has a higher average daytime temperature than the Rwandan average , and lower precipitation , which come sometimes lead to droughts .
The District of Nyagatare is one of the seven districts making the Eastern Province . It is divided into 14 Sectors made of 106 cells and 630 Villages ” Imidugudu ” . Spreading an area of 1.741 square kilometers , the district borders with Uganda at the north , Tanzania at its East , at the South by Gatsibo District and by Gicumbi District of the Northern Province on the Western border .
Sectors
Nyagatare district is divided into 14 sectors ( imirenge ) : Gatunda , Kiyombe , Karama , Karangazi , Katabagemu , Matimba , Mimuli , Mukama , Musheli , Nyagatare , Rukomo , Rwempasha , Rwimiyaga and Tabagwe .
List of Nyagatare Sectors by Population ( 2012 )
Topography
The District of Nyagatare is characterized , in general , by lowly inclined hills separated by dry vallies for a long period of the year ( June–October ) . The District is located in the granite low valley whose altitude is 1513,5m . This kind of topographical layout constitutes an important potentiality for modern and mechanized agriculture .
Demographics
2005 estimates showed that the total population in Nyagatare is 291.452 inhabitants whose 51 % were women . The overage density attains 167 inhabitants/km2 which is by far lower than the national density figure–321 inhabitants/km2 . The sectors the most populated are Mimuli and Katabagemu which have 25.651 and 25.250 inhabitants , respectively . While the less populated are Rwempasha and Matimba having respectively 13.056 and 15.396 inhabitants .
Climate
The District of Nyagatare experiences small quantity of rains and hot temperatures . It is characterized by two main seasons : one long dry season that varies between 3 and 5 months with an annual overage temperature varying between 25,3 °C et 27,7 °C . The monthly distribution of the rains varies from one year to another . Annual rain falls are both very weak ( 827 mm/an ) and very unpredictable to satisfy the needs in agriculture and livestock .
Hydrographic Description
The hydrographic network is very limited in the District of Nyagatare . The Akagera river flows East on the border with Tanzania . The river Kagitumba flows North on the border with Uganda . It ends in the Akagera river at the intersection of the 3 countries . The River Muvumba that cut across the District is a result of the reunion of 2 rivers : the Ngoma and the Karungeli . Rice is grown in its large valley . The river is the main water reserve for the people and the cattle in the large dry land . There is no other consistent river that can be exploited by the population in Nyagatare . Few of the rivers found there such as Nyiragahaya , Kayihenda , Karuruma , Nayagasharara and Kaborogota are erratic and intermittent . The weak river network constitutes a serious handicap to responding to the needs of water for people and animals .
Fauna et Flora
The District of Nyagatare contains half of Akagera National Park where is found a vast number of wildlife including African buffalo , antelopes and more other ruminants . Because the park is not fenced , animals can come out to cause some damages in the neighboring human inhabited areas . The River Umuvumba , contains hippopotamuses , and Nile crocodiles . During flooding , these animals can get close to populated areas with dangerous consequences . The district also accommodates a huge variety of birds such as birds of prey , guineafowl , partridges , herons etc . Hares , wild boar , monkeys and other rodents are occasionally found in the wooded savanna .
The flora in Nyagatare is made in general by an afforested savanna vegetation and gallery forests along the rivers . The latter constitutes a very precious reserve which should be rationally exploited .
Soils
The soil of this area is characterized by the tightness of the humifere layer of the soil brought about by the grassy savanna and by the vertisoils that are rich in nutrients mineral elements but lacking organic substances . These types of soils may be exploited with the help of modern agricultural techniques and form sorts of artificial pastures camps for livestock .
External links
Nyagatare District government website
—National Institute of Statistics of Rwanda , 2012 Population and Housing Census ( Provisional Results )
Nyagatare District
Districts of Rwanda
Eastern Province , Rwanda
Guldborgsund Zoo ( ; `` Guldborgsund Zoo & Botanic Gardens '' ) is a zoo with some 80 species of animals . Located in Nykøbing on the Danish island of Falster , its gardens display thousands of flowers in the summer months .
History
The zoological garden was established in 1933 by Carl Heinz Krag , a 20-year-old pet shop owner , with help from friends and family . There were over 100,000 visitors in the first year . The facility closed during World War II , but re-opened afterwards , becoming a people 's park in 1970 .
Features
Known earlier than Nykøbing Falster Zoo , Guldborgsund Zoo is popularly known as Folkeparken or `` The People 's Park '' as it is a pleasant family attraction with many facilities for the animals . On entering , visitors meet two rocky caves with Asian dwarf otters . The zoo also has several aviaries , the recent ones far more impressive than the older , rather dark pheasant farms . Open areas house ungulates , chital deer and llamas . In the old tropical house , there are capuchin monkeys , marmosets , and a terrarium for reptiles including iguanas and snakes . The new South American tropical house exhibits snap turtles and dwarf caimans . The last facility on the route is a tiger cage .
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Falster
Zoos in Denmark
Tourist attractions in Denmark
Botanical gardens in Denmark
Ghost Brothers is an American television series about the paranormal that premiered on April 15 , 2016 on Destination America , which is part of Discovery Communications . Produced by Pilgrim Media Group in association with Crybaby Media , the program follows ghost hunters Dalen Spratt , Juwan Mass , and Marcus Harvey as they investigate locations around the United States that are reported to be haunted . The team is officially led by Spratt , with Mass and Harvey providing assistance and technical support . Season 2 aired on March 10 , 2017 on TLC .
On July 17 , 2019 , it was announced that a spin-off series titled , Ghost Brothers : Haunted Houseguests , would premiere on August 16 , 2019 on Travel Channel .
Premise
Based out of their hometown of Atlanta , Georgia , the Ghost Brothers are an all African-American group of ghost hunters who investigate the most haunted locations in America in an attempt to prove that ghosts are real . Before every investigation , their tagline is , `` It 's time to pop the trunk on these ghosts ! `` , meaning open the door to their SUV 's trunk where all their ghost hunting equipment is located . They also like to say , `` Let 's go ghosting ! `` , and sing , `` Ghost Brothers , ghosting out . '' when they roll out after their investigation is finished .
Opening Introduction :
Cast and crew
Dalen Spratt – Leader , paranormal investigator , fashion designer
Juwan Mass – paranormal investigator , fashion designer
Marcus Harvey – paranormal investigator , full-time barber
Series overview
Specials
Note : * These Ghostin ' Edition specials re-aired on TLC after the first-run season 2 episodes .
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2016 )
Season 2 ( 2017 )
Spin-off
On July 17 , 2019 , it was announced that a spin-off series titled , Ghost Brothers : Haunted Houseguests , would premiere on August 16 , 2019 on Travel Channel .
Reception
On IMDb , Ghost Brothers has a 'weighted average ' vote of 6.3/10 .
References
External links
on Destination America
2016 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
2010s American documentary television series
Paranormal reality television series
English-language television shows
Destination America original programming
TLC ( TV network ) original programming
Guillaume Peltier ( born 27 August 1976 ) is a French politician , former teacher and business leader who has represented the 2nd constituency of the Loir-et-Cher department in the National Assembly since 2017 . He has also served in the Departmental Council of Loir-et-Cher for the canton of Chambord since 2021 . Peltier is a member of Reconquête .
Career
Peltier is a former member of the National Front ( FN ) and former leader of its youth section . He led The Strong Right , a right-wing populist faction of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) , later The Republicans ( LR ) , similar to The Popular Right faction . Peltier was a founder of the anti-abortion student group Young Christian Action ( Jeunesse Action Chrétienté ) .
In 2014 , he 's elected as mayor of Neung-sur-Beuvron and chairman of the Communauté de Communes de la Sologne des Etangs .
In 2017 , he 's elected as member of the Parlement .
On 9 January 2022 , Peltier joined Reconquête ( R ! ) to become party leader Éric Zemmour 's deputy , in support of Zemmour 's campaign in the 2022 presidential election . Zemmour has stated Peltier joining the party would allow it to heavily increase its access into local political structures . Earlier , Peltier was spokesman ( 2016–2017 ) and vice president ( 2019–2021 ) of The Republicans ( LR ) . In the 2022 French legislative election he lost his seat after being eliminated in the first round .
References
External link
1976 births
Living people
French anti-abortion activists
Politicians from Paris
National Rally ( France ) politicians
National Republican Movement politicians
Movement for France politicians
The Republicans ( France ) politicians
The Strong Right
Reconquête politicians
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Lycée Buffon alumni
Lycée Lakanal alumni
Pantheon-Sorbonne University alumni
Regional councillors of France
Departmental councillors ( France )
Les Scélérats ( English title : The Wretches ) is a 1960 French drama film directed by Robert Hossein who co-stars with Michèle Morgan , Olivier Hussenot and Jacqueline Morane . It is also known as `` The Blackguards '' .
Plot
The film tells the story of an American couple ( coming to in Paris after having lost their only child ) and their maid .
Principal cast
Michèle Morgan as Thelma Rooland
Robert Hossein as Jess Rooland
Olivier Hussenot as Arthur Martin
Jacqueline Morane as Adeline Martin
References
External links
1960 films
French films
1960s French films
The Concentration of Light Prior to Combustion the debut split album of PGR/Thessalonians , released in 1986 by Banned Production .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of The Concentration of Light Prior to Combustion .
Thessalonians
Kim Cascone – instruments , mixing ( B1-B3 )
David Gardner – instruments , mixing ( B1-B3 )
David James – instruments , mixing ( B1-B3 )
Kurt Robinson – instruments , mixing ( B1-B3 )
Larry Thrasher – instruments , mixing ( B1-B3 )
PGR
Kim Cascone – instruments
Dine Forbate – instruments
Larry Thrasher – instruments
Production and design
Anthony Michael King ( as AMK ) – design
Leonard Marcel – engineering ( B1-B3 )
Kevin McMahon – assistant engineering ( B1-B3 )
Release history
References
External links
The Concentration of Light Prior to Combustion at Discogs ( list of releases )
1986 debut albums
1986 live albums
Split albums
PGR ( American band ) albums
Thessalonians ( band ) albums
Irving Sully Banister , Sr. ( February 16 , 1933 – December 15 , 2020 ) was an American guitarist who recorded and performed R & B music , in a career lasting more than sixty years . ''
Early years
Irving Banister was born in New Orleans , Louisiana to Louis and Elsie Mae Banister . He had two brothers , Joe and Guardie . Banister formed a band with some of his fellow students at Booker T. Washington high school . `` I was playing the trumpet until I was seventeen , but I got my front teeth knocked out , '' said Banister . `` I could n't hit the high notes anymore . There were n't any guitar players in the band , so I bought a big hollow body Epiphone , a pickup , and amplifier from a music store on South Broad Street for $ 100 . '' James `` Sugar Boy '' Crawford recalled , `` During high school we had a little band , nothing real organized at first . I was back playing piano ... The other fellows in the band were Edgar `` Big Boy '' Myles , Warren Myles , Nolan Blackwell , Irving `` Cat '' Banister , and Alfred Bernard- just a bunch of youngsters having fun . '' In 1952 , the group came to the attention of Dr. Daddy-O ( Vernon Winslow ) , New Orleans ' first black disc jockey , who aired a daily show on WMRY . He invited them to perform on his Saturday morning radio show . The band did not yet have a name , but they had an instrumental that was their theme song called `` Chapaka Shawee '' , creole words they heard on the street that translated roughly as `` we are n't raccoons '' . When Dr. Daddy-O wrote of the band as the `` Chapaka Shawee '' youngsters , in his column in The Louisiana Weekly , the name stuck . He booked the band 's first job at the Shadowland Club on Washington Avenue in 1952 . Sugar Boy remembered , `` We were all still in school so we could only play on weekends . ''
The band 's first recording session was through the intercession of Dr. Daddy-O with Aladdin Records on November 23 , 1952 . Dave Bartholomew , who was doing production work for Aladdin in New Orleans , signed the band . The contract stipulated 1/2-cent per song to be divided between the writers and 1/2-cent per record to go to Dr. Daddy-O . Potentially lucrative performance royalties were specifically excluded from the contract . Of the four songs recorded only two , `` Early Sunday Morning '' and `` No One To Love Me '' , were released at the time , under the name The Sha-Weez . The record did not sell , but the band 's popularity increased , assisted by their weekly radio broadcasts . They performed at Club Tiajuana and the Dew Drop Inn . The Dew Drop 's owner Frank Painia also booked the band at out of town dates .
Influences and Techniques
Banister said his musicianship was limited at that time . `` Every song was in B flat . I tuned the top three strings to a B flat chord and the bottom three strings regular . I 'd just play the B flat chord open , then go to the four and five chords . We did n't have a bass player , so I 'd play the bass patterns on the bottom strings . I was n't good enough to solo then . '' At a 2011 Ponderosa Stomp Music History Conference in New Orleans Banister recalled how he studied blues guitarist Guitar Slim 's playing at the Dew Drop Inn. `` He played with a clamp on his guitar all the time . When I got in the service they told me to throw that clamp in the corner . ''
Banister was drafted into the Army and served as a cook . Guitarist Snooks Eaglin took his place in Sugar Boy and the Chapaka Shawee , playing on the Carnival perennial `` Jockamo '' among other early Chess Records recordings . Banister had lessons from a Mexican guitarist while stationed in El Paso , Texas . `` He listened to me play in the B flat tuning and said , 'You ca n't play anything with the guitar tuned like that . ' He showed me how to tune the guitar properly . '' Unlike other New Orleans guitarists , Banister had no background in jazz . He began to play solid body guitars with thin necks . `` You could really bend the strings on those . T-Bone Walker and Gatemouth Brown were popular in Texas then and I picked up a lot of their style . T-Bone was a real showman and from him I learned how to do the splits on stage and how to play the guitar behind my head . In El Paso , I played at the Black and Tan Club and sometimes over the border in Juarez . '' Banister was by this time listening to records Mickey Baker , Pete `` Guitar '' Lewis , and Wayne Bennett played on , incorporating aspects of their styles into his own technique .
Career
Banister returned to New Orleans when he got out of the service , taking over his old job with Sugar Boy . The band was booked into clubs and gambling joints run by alleged mobsters . `` All our work was white clubs- that 's why I left Sugar Boy around 1956 . We could n't eat , drink , or sit down in those places . We could n't even use the bathroom . I got a job with Eddie Bo who was on the road doing all black clubs . We had to sleep six to a room in boarding houses sometimes , but at least we did n't have to worry about going to jail most of the time . '' Bo 's rhythm and blues band included drummer Walter `` Popee '' Lastie , tenor sax men David Lastie and Robert Parker , and Banister on guitar . The group worked for Shaw Booking Agency out of New York , touring as the show band with Amos Milburn , Charles Brown , Little Willie John , and Ruth Brown . Banister was the guitarist when Eddie Bo recorded his `` I 'm Wise '' , a hit in New Orleans that Little Richard later covered as `` Slippin ' And Slidin '' . Banister considered Bo 's mid-1950s band as one of the best to ever come out of New Orleans .
After things slowed down for Eddie Bo 's band , Banister left to join Danny White and the Cavaliers in 1959 . `` I fit in pretty good with the Cavaliers because they were doing a lot of the same material that Bo was doing '' , he said . Their early Sunday morning gig at the Dream Room on Bourbon Street was the band 's most popular . `` Mac Rebennack used to come in there a lot and watch me play '' , Banister remembered . `` He used me on some sessions but I do n't remember the artists . I do remember playing on some country sessions , which blew some minds , but I learned to play that stuff in Texas . '' White cut a down-tempo version of `` Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye '' , written by Al Reed . The session was produced by adept arranger Wardell Quezergue , who recorded the renowned guitar part from Irving Banister and background singing by Wanda Rouzan and her sisters . The record scraped the bottom of the Billboard charts but failed to take off nationwide . The song was a favorite in New Orleans , whose residents could not understand why it was n't a hit . Walter `` Wolfman '' Washington was a young guitarist in Irma Thomas ' band who looked up to Banister . `` I met Irving way back in the Dew Drop days . I had a chance to see him playing with Danny White at the Sho-Bar ( on Bourbon Street ) . He was very sure about all the things that he did , and I started watching him and paying attention to how he was projecting . To hang with it as long as Irving has it 's got to be in your blood . '' Another young guitarist who learned from Banister was Ernie Vincent . He recalled Banister tutoring him after his gigs . `` I used to go by his house when he got off of work . '' Vincent added , `` He was the first guy that took me on Bourbon Street . I started picking up a lot of stuff from him . He 's showing me all the chords . He 's the first one showed me how to do a major 7 chords that was working . '' He noted Banister 's technique . `` He does minor solos against major scales . '' Vincent continued `` I liked his style . He was very influential in my life . ''
In the mid-1960s dates at white clubs dried up . Owners worried that R & B bands would attract black patrons who would scare off their white audiences . The British Invasion had begun to dominate radio play and gigs were harder to find . Ironically British musicians , who adulated black R & B , pushed established R & B artists from American radio airwaves . Author Rick Coleman wrote , `` There was a strange , distorted reflection taking place , as British groups brought R & B back to America . '' White American groups also began to freely copy black idioms . When club dates dried up , Danny White disbanded the Cavaliers in 1966 . Irving Banister returned to Sugar Boy Crawford 's band . Crawford was attempting to restart his career , after a beating by Louisiana State Police left him out of action for two years . Sugar Boy 's comeback was brief . Banister said , `` He could n't sing the fast numbers anymore so he retired . '' After 1969 Sugar Boy sang only in church .
`` That 's when I started Irving Banister and the Stars . I took some of the guys from Sugar Boy 's band . For a while I had Smokey Johnson on drums and George Porter , Jr. on bass , but George took a job with Art Neville . '' Porter told interviewer Chris Robie , `` I was playing with a band called Irving Banister & the Stars . Irving Banister was the guitar player who played this famous solo on a Danny White song , 'Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye ' . Irving 's fame in New Orleans was huge . '' Banister recalled , `` I picked up freelance gigs with other bands when the Stars were n't working . I 've worked with local artists like Johnny Adams , Irma Thomas , Ernie K-Doe , and touring acts like Solomon Burke . ''
Robert Fontenot , Jr. of the Ponderosa Stomp wrote of Banister and the Stars , `` Lack of fame never stopped Bannister ( sic ) from keeping the spirit of traditional New Orleans rhythm and blues alive , and his band lives up to its billing by consistently featuring some of the finest musicians in the city . ''
Personal life
Banister and wife Littdell `` Queen Bee '' Banister were the parents of Cassandra , Terry , and Irving `` Honey '' Banister , Jr. , Big Chief of the Creole Wild West Mardi Gras Indians . Wild West Tribal queen Littdell was married to Irving , Sr. at age 16 . Her husband , she said , never took interest in masking Indian ; she started in the tradition a year after their son , Irving `` Honey '' Banister Jr. , joined as chief scout in 1971 .
Banister 's last known recording was an appearance on son Honey 's band Cha Wa 's 2016 debut `` Funk and Feathers '' . Irving Banister , Sr. died December 15 , 2020 . He is buried in Holt Cemetery in New Orleans , Louisiana .
References
External links
Irving Banister 1933–2020
1933 births
2020 deaths
Rhythm and blues musicians from New Orleans
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American male musicians
Avcılar is a village in the District of Ardanuç , Artvin Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 57 people .
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Q-News is a defunct British monthly magazine organised around themes mostly pertinent to Muslims .
Content
Q-News was founded by its then chief editor , Fuad Nahdi , and was published by Q-News Media Limited in March 1992 . The magazine was a small , independent , monthly magazine , which had an online and print version . It was created as a fortnightly tabloid publication before it evolved into a monthly magazine format . The magazine was disestablished in October 2011 .
The magazine was representative of alternative-commercial media with independent ownership combined with a political and religious mission . It provided a mix of lifestyle and information featuring cultural , political , religious stories focusing on their relevance to Muslims around the world . It provided independent analysis , critique , and review of current affairs , politics , culture , ideas and spirituality . It engaged in a political struggle for civil liberties , rights , political participation , and inclusion of Muslims in British society . It focused on issues and themes of common concern to Muslims .
The magazine was politically independent as it is not financed by any one particular country or regime . It received financial support primarily from advertising and subscriptions ; its advertising revenue came mostly from private Islamic companies and charity organisations .
Each issue had between 50 and 78 pages and a print run of 20,000 . Q-News had staff of 60 unpaid people , 30 of whom were journalists , 27 were freelancers , and three were writers .
See also
Islam in the United Kingdom
References
External links
1992 establishments in England
2011 disestablishments in England
Biweekly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Online magazines published in the United Kingdom
Religious magazines published in the United Kingdom
English-language magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Islam in the United Kingdom
Islamic magazines
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 1992
Magazines disestablished in 2011
The Hodson Award is an American Bar Association award for extraordinary service by a government or public-sector legal office . The recipients are chosen from all offices , bureaus , and departments within the country and range in purpose and goal .
The award is named in honor of the distinguished public service career of the late Major General Kenneth J. Hodson . He was a former member of the Judge Advocate General 's Corps of the U.S. Army , and a founding member of The Government and Public Sector Lawyers Division .
Recipients
1993- Public Protection Division of the Pennsylvania Attorney General 's Office
1994- American Law Division , Congressional Research Service , Library of Congress , and Legal Services of Eastern Missouri , Inc .
1995- International and Operational Law Division , Office of the Judge Advocate General , Department of the Army
1996- Office of the County Attorney , Broward County , FL
1997- Domestic Abuse Service Center of the Hennepin County Attorney 's Office , Minneapolis , MN
1998- Naval Legal Service Office Pacific and Office of the New York State Attorney General
1999- Office of the County Attorney , Montgomery County , MD
2000- First Infantry Division and Seventh Army Training Command 's Office of the Staff Judge Advocate , and Office of Criminal Enforcement , Antitrust Division , United States Department of Justice
2001- San Diego Public Defender 's Office
2002- Center for Disability and Elder Law , Chicago , IL
2003- California 's Administrative Office of the Courts ' Center for Families , Children and the Courts , San Francisco , CA
2004- Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Law Department
2005- Legal Aid of the Bluegrass , Covington , KY
2006- Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office Juvenile Offender Intervention Network ( J.O.I.N . )
2007- Community Legal Services , Inc. , Philadelphia , PA
2008- Lawyers For Children , Inc. , New York , NY
2009- Children 's Law Center of Los Angeles , Los Angeles , CA
2010- Legal Services Support Section , Combat Logistics Regiment-17 , 1st Marine Logistics Group , and U.S. Agency for International Development , Office of General Counsel
References
External links
The Hodson Award website
Awards established in 1993
American awards
Humanitarian and service awards
1993 establishments in the United States
The 1975–76 Danish 1. division season was the 19th season of ice hockey in Denmark . Ten teams participated in the league , and KSF Copenhagen won the championship .
First round
Final round
The top six teams qualified for the final round , and KSF Copenhagen finished first .
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1975 in Danish sport
1976 in Danish sport
The Academy Street Historic District is a historic district located along that street between Livingston and Montgomery streets in the city of Poughkeepsie , New York , United States . It is a few blocks from US 9 , just northeast of Springside , Matthew Vassar 's never-completed estate that is now a National Historic Landmark .
Its 140 acres ( 56 ha ) contain 46 buildings , mostly houses , in a variety of 19th and early 20th-century architectural styles . It was the first planned neighborhood in the city .
Originally part of Bronson Smith 's 1805 farm , the land today part of the district was sold to a group of speculators in 1836 . While the financial crisis that ensued the following year set back home construction , later on in the 19th century the purchase proved fruitful as many , many homes were built on it in a mix of styles , with houses near the north end of the district , closer to downtown Poughkeepsie , having smaller lots and yards than the ones further away . Christ Church , also built during this time , remains largely unaltered and is considered a contributing property .
In the late 1970s , 85 % of the residents voted in favor of establishing the district , after seeing how successful the nearby Garfield Place Historic District had been at enhancing property values and preserving that neighborhood 's historic character . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 . The district designation has spurred the redevelopment and restoration of homes within and has been used as a selling point by real estate agents .
Today it is one of three historic districts recognized under city zoning and subject to special architectural rules enforced by the city 's Historic District and Landmark Preservation Commission ( HDLPC ) . The HDLPC 's jurisdiction over the district is not supreme ; in 1986 the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation ruled that the city 's Planning Board was to be lead agency and have primary jurisdiction over a proposed 18-unit condominium complex within the district .
Notable former residents include William Allen Adriance ( 154 Academy St ) , farming equipment manufacturer , father of actress Jan Sterling , and founder of Adriance Memorial Library , the main public library in Poughkeepsie .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Buildings and structures in Poughkeepsie , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Poughkeepsie , New York
Historic districts in Dutchess County , New York
Luke Joseph Fickell ( born August 18 , 1973 ) is an American football coach and former player . He is currently the head football coach at the University of Cincinnati . He started his career at Ohio State University , first as a player and then as an assistant coach . He was interim head coach at OSU for the entire 2011 season and accepted the head football coaching position with the University of Cincinnati in 2016 .
Playing career
Fickell started his playing career at St. Francis DeSales High School , where he was a two-time first-team All-Ohio defensive tackle as well as a three-time state champion in wrestling . After redshirting for the Buckeyes in 1992 , Fickell was a standout defensive player , making a school-record 50 consecutive starts at the nose guard position from 1993 to 1996 . In his freshman year , he lined up next to Dan Wilkinson . Despite having a torn pectoral muscle , Fickell started the 1997 Rose Bowl , making two tackles in the Buckeyes ' victory over Arizona State . After graduating from Ohio State in 1997 , Fickell signed as an undrafted free agent with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) . After tearing his ACL , he spent the remainder of the season on the injured reserve list and was later released by the team .
Coaching career
Akron
After a brief stint in the NFL and at Ohio State as a graduate assistant in 1999 , in 2000 Fickell was hired by the University of Akron as the defensive line coach .
Ohio State
After two seasons with the Zips , he returned to Ohio State in 2002 as the special teams coordinator under second-year head coach , Jim Tressel , helping guide the team to the 2002 BCS National Championship . In 2004 , Fickell took over as the linebackers coach , adding the title co-defensive coordinator to his responsibilities in 2005 . In 2010 , he was named Assistant Coach of the Year by the AFCA , joining a list of Buckeyes coaches to be recognized by the association that also includes Carroll Widdoes , Woody Hayes , Earle Bruce , and Jim Tressel .
In 2011 , Fickell was originally named to serve as interim head coach in place of Jim Tressel , who was given a five-game suspension by the NCAA due to a recruiting scandal . However , in May of that year , Tressell resigned and Fickell was given a one-year contract to serve as interim coach , only for the 2011 season .
After Ohio State posted a 6–6 regular season record , Fickell was passed up as the permanent head coach , and instead Ohio State hired Urban Meyer . Fickell guided the Buckeyes one last time in the 2012 Gator Bowl against Meyer 's old team , the Florida Gators . After Meyer took the helm , Fickell returned to his old job as co-defensive coordinator ( helping guide the Buckeyes to the 2014 CFP National Championship ) , a job in which he served until he was named head coach at Cincinnati .
Cincinnati
On December 10 , 2016 , Fickell was named as the 42nd head coach of the University of Cincinnati , taking the place of the resigning Tommy Tuberville .
In his first season , Fickell led the Bearcats to a 4–8 record .
2018 would be a historic turnaround of the program , finishing with an 11–2 record and a victory in the Military Bowl . Fickell was named AAC Coach of the Year for the 2018 season , which was only the third 11-win season in UC history .
He led the team to another 11-win season in 2019 . The Bearcats reeled off nine straight wins after falling to Ohio State in the second game of the year . The team won the East Division championship in the AAC for the first time , but fell two straight weeks to Memphis , in the final regular season game and in the conference championship . For the second straight year , Cincinnati won its bowl game over an Atlantic Coast Conference team , winning the Birmingham Bowl over Boston College by a score of 38–6 .
Before the start of the 2020 season Fickell agreed to a contract extension which would keep him at Cincinnati through the 2026 season . Fickell had previously received head coaching interest from other schools such as Michigan State , Florida State , West Virginia , Louisville , and Maryland .
Fickell was one of thirteen coaches named to the watchlist for the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award before the 2020 season .
In 2020 , Luke Fickell led the Cincinnati Bearcats to a 9–1 campaign including Cincinnati 's second perfect regular season which included winning the 2020 AAC Championship Game against the Tulsa Golden Hurricane . Cincinnati was selected for the 2021 Peach Bowl against the # 9 Georgia Bulldogs . Both teams went into the game down a number of key players due to injury , illness , or opt–outs , including Cincinnati 's two All-Americans Sauce Gardner and James Wiggins . After leading by a score of 21–10 entering the fourth quarter , Cincinnati ultimately fell to Georgia on a 53-yard field goal with 7 seconds left in the game , by final score of 24–21 . Fickell was named AAC Coach of the Year for the second time in his career .
In 2021 , Fickell again led the Bearcats to a perfect regular-season record , including non-conference wins at the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and the Indiana Hoosiers . Cincinnati then defended their American Athletic Conference Football Championship with a 35-20 victory over the Houston Cougars . With a record of 13-0 as the only undefeated team in the nation , Cincinnati was selected as the # 4 seed in the College Football Playoff , making them the first program outside of a `` Power 5 '' conference to advance . Fickell was named AAC Coach of the Year for the third time in his career , and for the second consecutively , as well as being named the winner of six other major awards including Home Depot Coach of the Year , Sporting News College Football Coach of the Year , Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year , Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year , AFCA Coach of the Year , and the Paul `` Bear '' Bryant Award .
Personal life
Fickell and his wife , Amy ( Goecke ) , who has a physical therapy degree from Ohio State , have six children—five sons and one daughter—including two sets of twin boys . They started dating when Amy was a sophomore at Ohio State ; they were married in 2000 . Fickell and his family are Catholic , which played a factor in Fickell 's interest in coming to Cincinnati .
Fickell 's eldest son , Landon , committed to Cincinnati as an offensive guard out of Moeller High School as part of the 2021 recruitment class .
Head coaching record
References
External links
Cincinnati profile
1973 births
Living people
American football defensive linemen
Akron Zips football coaches
Cincinnati Bearcats football coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes football coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
New Orleans Saints players
Sportspeople from Columbus , Ohio
Coaches of American football from Ohio
Players of American football from Columbus , Ohio
Steven Machat ( born October 18 , 1952 ) is an American entertainment mogul , lawyer , and the producer of Bird on a Wire , the documentary film of the Leonard Cohen 1972 European tour .
Biography
Machat was born in Manhattan , New York . His father , entertainment lawyer Marty Machat , was known for representing artists such as Phil Spector , Sam Cooke , and The Rolling Stones . He attended University of Miami as an undergraduate , where he studied accounting , and then attended Vanderbilt University Law School .
Machat has been a worldwide entertainment attorney , music publisher , manager of music talent , and record label owner as well as film producer , among other commercial endeavors . His clients have included Electric Light Orchestra , Genesis , Peter Gabriel , Phil Collins , Ready for the World , Leonard Cohen , Phil Spector , Stacey Jackson , Snoop Dogg , New Edition , Bobby Brown , Manu DiBango , Rita Lee , and new artists from Sweden , Yung Lean and The Sad Boys .
In London , Machat wrote the book Gods , Gangsters and Honour , filled with stories about the celebrities he worked for . Machat wrote the book to share the light he discovered handling the careers of many of the top icons of the music industry . The first edition of the book was published in the UK by Beautiful Books Limited ( UK ) in August 2009 .
Machat lectured across Europe and the United Kingdom at universities , including both Oxford University and Cambridge University , as well as at musical festivals and book fairs .
Steven Machat lost his son Barron , the co-founder of the record label Hippos in Tanks , in a car accident in April 2015 .
In 2021 Machat announced his return to the music industry with a new label SSK Music Orbit and the signings of Roxx Revolt and the Velvets and an eclectic album by the legendary Bob Daisley who has previously worked with , among many others including , Gary Moore , Rainbow and Ozzy Osbourne .
Background
Machat has a traditional law background ; he graduated from Vanderbilt Law School and University of Miami Business School . At Vanderbilt , he got his feet wet in the real legal system as a public defender in Davidson County , Tennessee for 2 years . He started his commercial career in 1978 as a law partner with his father the late Marty Machat at their law firm Machat & Machat in New York , Los Angeles , & London .
Machat has ventured into the creative and business process of theatre , movies , and movie soundtracks . These include `` Elvis '' , West London Production , `` Private Lives '' with Elizabeth Taylor , Flashdance , Streetfighter , Judge Dredd , Stan Lee Properties , HOPE an album with the Dali Lama dedicated to Peace , and the award-winning musical documentary Bird on a Wire about Leonard Cohen 's travels from Dublin , Ireland to Tel Aviv , Israel . Steven 's latest film Saving The Motherland is an epic Russian WW2 drama centered around the Battle of Stalingrad . Next up is the Climate Live documentary in which Steven draws into sharp focus the irretrievable damage mankind has inflicted on the planet .
Steven has written 9 books : Highways of Man – The Odyssey Almanac ; Man , Community & Living The American Dream ; Gods , Gangsters and Honor : A Rock 'n ' Roll Odyssey ; Sacred Knowledge , A Rock 'n ' Roller 's Guide to Higher Consciousness , Spiritual Insomnia , The Colonization of Earth , The Making of Man , The Creation of Ozzy , The History of Viruses and Taking Jesus off The Cross .
In 2016 Steven ran for the US Senate as an independent in Florida . In 2018 he ran for Congress in Florida 's 26th District as a progressive Democrat . His Press Secretary in 2018 , who was in charge of his campaign in 2016 in Tampa , was the activist/writer Al R Suarez .
References
1952 births
Living people
Film producers from New York ( state )
American music publishers ( people )
Record producers from New York ( state )
American people of Jewish descent
American entertainment lawyers
People from Manhattan
University of Miami Business School alumni
Vanderbilt University Law School alumni
Syeda Jebunnesa Haque ( born 1 February 1944 ) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician . She served as a Jatiya Sangsad member representing the Reserved Women 's Seat–35 during 2009–2014 .
Haque was awarded Begum Rokeya Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in 2012 .
Attack
On 24 December 2004 , a grenade attack was launched at the residence of Haque , the then president of District Mohila Awami League , while a meeting of the committee was being conducted . The house was in Sylhet City 's Tantipara area . Eight leaders and activists were injured .
Personal life
Haque is married to Enamul Haque , also a leader of the district Awami League .
References
Living people
1944 births
Awami League politicians
Women members of the Jatiya Sangsad
21st-century Bangladeshi women politicians
9th Jatiya Sangsad members
Recipients of Begum Rokeya Padak
Place of birth missing ( living people )
7th Jatiya Sangsad members
20th-century Bangladeshi women politicians
The rivière des Petites Îles ( Petites Îles River ) is a tributary of the south shore of the Saguenay River flowing successively in the municipalities of Petit-Saguenay and Baie-Sainte-Catherine , in Regional County Municipality ( MRC ) of Le Fjord-du-Saguenay , in Quebec , Canada .
The upper part of this valley is served indirectly by Route 170 which connects Saint-Siméon to the village of Petit-Saguenay which passes over the north shore of the Noire River . Despite its mountainous terrain , the valley of the `` Petites Îles River '' has some secondary forest roads for forestry and recreational tourism purposes .
Forestry is the first economic activity in the sector ; recreational tourism activities , second .
The surface of Petites Îles River is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March , however , safe ice circulation is generally from mid-December to mid-March .
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Petites Îles River are :
North side : Saguenay River ;
East side : St. Lawrence River ;
South side : Petit Saguenay River ;
West side : Petit Saguenay River , Cabanage River .
The Petites Îles River rises at the mouth of Lake Ovila-Lavoie . This source is located at :
south-west of its mouth ;
east of a curve of Petit Saguenay River ;
west of the mouth of the Saguenay River ;
south-east of the village center of Petit-Saguenay .
From its source ( Lake Ovila-Lavoie ) , the course of the Petites Îles River descends on according to the following segments :
northerly to a river bend corresponding to the discharge ( from the North ) of a group of lakes including Pipiche , Coquille , Île and L'Orme ;
northeasterly , forming a curve to the south , and crossing rapids at the end of the segment ;
to the dump ( coming from the east ) of Lac du Compte ;
northeasterly in a steep valley to the outlet of Lac des Couteaux ;
easterly in a valley through the Saguenay Fjord National Park to its mouth .
The mouth of the Petites Îles River flows into Anse aux Petites Îles on the south shore of the Saguenay River at the northwestern end of the Municipality of Baie-Sainte-Catherine . This confluence is located at :
east of the village center of L'Anse-Saint-Jean ;
east of the confluence of the Petit Saguenay River with the Saguenay River ;
west of Tadoussac .
Toponymy
The toponym `` Rivière des Petites Îles '' ( Little Islands River ) refers to the presence of two small islands located in the cove at the mouth of this stream . The name of the first , Coquart Island , evokes the memory of the Jesuit father Claude-Godefroy Coquart , born in 1706 in the French commune of Melun . `` Anse aux Petites Îles '' is bounded on the north by `` Pointe aux Petites Îles '' .
The toponym `` Rivière des Petites Îles '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
Notes and references
External links
See also
Petit-Saguenay , a municipality
Baie-Sainte-Catherine , a municipality
Saguenay Fjord National Park
Saguenay River , a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
The River Dour is a chalk stream in the county of Kent , England . It flows from the villages of Temple Ewell and River between which is a neighbourhood served by a railway station , Kearsney . It is roughly long .
It originally had a wide estuary on the site of modern Dover , although today it flows into the Dover Harbour through a culvert . The estuary was a natural harbour for the Bronze Age settlers and traders in the area . The remains of a Bronze Age seagoing boat ( from 3,500 years ago ) , was found in 1992 , and it can be seen in Dover Museum .
The Dour Estuary was then used as a port for the Roman town , as a natural harbour for the Roman fleet . This silted up in the medieval period , necessitating the construction of various artificial harbours for Dover instead .
The river has been used since AD 762 to power various watermills along its route . These included eight corn mills and five paper mills . Buckland Mill near Buckland Bridge was one of the earliest corn mills , but has since been converted into flats . Crabble Mill is now a fully restored corn mill and museum , and the Old Mill in Kearsney is now a private house , the others have been converted for various uses .
Other industries on the river included iron foundries , saw mills ( demolished ) and a tannery ( also converted ) .
Kearsney , Kent and Kearsney Abbey ( a former Grand House ) is also beside the River .
The River Dour Trail is a new walking trail ( set up by the White Cliffs Countryside Project ) . It follows the Dour from Temple Ewell to Wellington Dock on the seafront . The trail is about long and takes 2.5 hours to walk fully .
References
External links
http : //www.ccmt.org.uk/ Crabble Mill page
http : //www.bucklandmill.co.uk/ Buckland Mill page
Dour
Dover , Kent
Dover District
LinuxDoc is an SGML DTD which is similar to DocBook . It was created by Matt Welsh and version 1.1 was announced in 1994 . It is primarily used by the Linux Documentation Project . The DocBook SGML tags are often longer than the equivalent LinuxDoc tags .
LinuxDoc has a more succinct DTD than DocBook . Users of small to medium-size projects have found that it suits their purposes better than DocBook .
The Debian distribution of Linux has a linuxdoc-tools package .
See also
Comparison of document-markup languages
List of document markup languages
External links
http : //www.ibiblio.org/pub/Linux/docs/HOWTO/other-formats/html_single/Howtos-with-LinuxDoc.html
A JavaScript based web page that generates LinuxDoc
Sample of LinuxDoc generated with above generator
The above LinuxDoc compiled to HTML using SGMLTools
References
Markup languages
The spot-crowned barbet ( Capito maculicoronatus ) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae . It is found in Colombia and Panama .
Taxonomy and systematics
The spot-crowned barbet has two recognized subspecies , the nominate Capito maculicoronatus maculicoronatus and C. m. rubrilateralis . Two additional subspecies , C. m. pirrensis and C. m. melas , have been proposed but `` appear indistinguishable from rubrilateralis '' . The spot-crowned barbet and the orange-fronted barbet ( C. squamatus ) are sister species and may form a superspecies .
Description
The spot-crowned barbet is long and weighs . The nominate male is mostly black above with a crown having brown-white spots . Its throat is white , its upper breast yellow to orange , and the lower breast and belly white with black spots . It has a splash of yellow to orange on the flanks . The female differs by having a black throat and upper breast . C. m. rubrilateralis has more white on its crown and its flank mark is orange to red .
Distribution and habitat
The nominate subspecies of spot-crowned barbet is found from Panama 's Veraguas Province east to the Canal Zone . C. m. rubrilateralis is found from eastern Panama into Colombia , east to Antioquia Department and south to Valle Department . It usually inhabits wet primary forest in both lowands and hill country and is also found in secondary forest . It is mostly found at elevations between but up to in a few areas .
Behavior
Feeding
The spot-crowned barbet forages from mid level to the forest canopy for fruits , berries , and insects . It occasionally forages in small groups , and up to 10 have been recorded in fruiting trees . It is known to follow army ant swarms .
Breeding
Observations of adult spot-crowned barbets in breeding condition , of nest excavation , and of fledglings appear to indicate a breeding season between December and late spring . One nest was attended by a male and two females .
Vocalization
The spot-crowned barbet 's principal vocalization is `` a series of harsh “ kkaaak ” notes , gradually shifting to “ kkkaakkk ” sounds ; it has been described as both a song and a call .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the spot-crowned barbet as being of The Least Concern . It is uncommon to fairly common throughout its range .
References
spot-crowned barbet
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
spot-crowned barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fake IPL Player was a cricket blog started by Anupam Mukerjee on 18 April 2009 . The blog 's appearance coincided with the start of the 2009 edition of the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) cricket tournament .
History
Originally , the blogger wrote anonymously , widely believed to be a member of the IPL team , Kolkata Knight Riders ( KKR ) . The blog was controversial from the start , giving unflattering nicknames to players , coaches , and owners of KKR and other teams , telling sordid stories , and showing most of them in a very negative light . As the blog rapidly became popular , it was believed to be of a fringe KKR player who was upset at not being part of the core team . The blog worsened an already bad season for KKR , which lost most of their games , had controversies surrounding their coach , John Buchanan , and frequently changed captains , including Sourav Ganguly . The 2009 IPL season took place in South Africa , and two KKR players , Aakash Chopra and Sanjay Bangar , were sent home to India midway through the tournament . This fuelled speculation that they were suspected of being the person behind the blog . The team was also rumoured to have banned use of laptops by players . The management of the team termed the blog as `` poison pen writing of the dirtiest variety '' , while denying it could have been written by an actual player . The blogger posted a disclaimer saying `` All characters appearing in this work ( blog ) are fictitious . Any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental and unintentional . ''
Unmasking
In August 2010 , Bangalore based marketing specialist Anupam Mukerji revealed himself on television and newspapers as the person writing the blog . He said he had `` never met a cricketer in his life '' , and was just making up stories . He never expected it to become this big , he remarked , adding that the Fake Player ended up getting legitimised by the media frenzy . He said he was inspired by the popularity of a similar blog by Fake Steve Jobs , and the Richard Gere movie The Hoax . He continues to write a weekly column as the Fake IPL Player for Mirror , a Times of India tabloid in Mumbai and Bangalore .
In 2011 , Anupam started Pitch Invasion , an online radio station that claims to provide live cricket commentary with a twist .
Popularity
During the IPL season , the blog was very popular in India and Sri Lanka and among major cricketing nations , most of whose players and coaches were involved in the league . According to Mumbai-based digital marketing firm , Pinstorm , the Fake IPL Player blog had at its peak , on 26 April , 150,000 visitors , who each spent 15 minutes on the site , adding up to about 37,000 hours spent on the blog in one day , putting it up there with popular individual-led blogs such as Aamir Khan 's blog at its peak with about 170,000 visitors .
The blogger said in an email interview to a newspaper that the key reason behind such wild popularity was the blog 's `` audacity '' , and that `` the mainstream media needs to realise that getting ex-cricketers to write about a match that happened the previous day , which has already been dissected to death on TV and the internet , is n't of interest to sports readers anymore . ''
Related works
The Gamechangers
In March 2010 Fake IPL Player released a book called 'The Gamechangers ' in India , coinciding with the third season of IPL , and loosely based on the contents of his blogs . This was before he had revealed his identity in August 2010 . The book , which has been positioned as fiction written anonymously , covers 35 days of the Indian Bollywood League ( IBL ) . The book describes the powerplays and machinations that go on behind the scenes of `` megabucks '' cricket . The central plot of the book is the chase to unmask a treacherous anonymous blogger who is upsetting the IPL . And through this story , FIP supposedly exposes cricket 's dark underbelly . Critical reviews of the book were polarised with some praising it and some others criticising the book and its purpose . The 7 June 2010 issue of India Today put The Gamechangers at No . 9 in the list of Top 10 national best-sellers .
Pitch Invasion
In April 2011 , Anupam Mukerji started an online radio station called Pitch Invasion . Pitch Invasion claims to provide irreverent , wacky and interactive live cricket commentary on the web . Anupam also acts as the main station host .
In April 2013 , Anupam launched Scoryboard , a live cricket web app , under the Pitch Invasion banner as reported here by Agency FAQs . In October , they launched Scoryboard 's F1 version as reported .
References
External links
Fake IPL Player Blog from blogspot
ipl the latest news from ipl2020
Terms And Conditions IPL 3
Player Nicknames revealed
Review of Fake IPL player 's book from Sify
Review of The Gamechangers by Open Magazine
Fake IPL Player 's interview with Mint
Fake IPL Player reveals himself on Times Now channel
Pitch Invasion report on NDTV
Indian sport websites
Indian Premier League
Cricket controversies
Cricket websites
Guitar God 2001 is an album by Randy Holden ( formerly of Sons of Adam ) guitarist , as the follow-up to a previous album Guitar God released in 1997 . The newer Guitar God 2001 featured a 22-minute instrumental titled `` Prayer to Paradise '' in celebration of the new millennium , whose musical content was a rock guitar styled journey through time and cultures of music of the world , as a musical statement of the journey of man to the destiny of his endless quest to reach paradise . Originally titled `` Parade to Paradise '' , the title was changed to move more toward the poetic sense of the music . This was the second album recorded and released by Randy Holden after a hiatus from music .
Track listing
`` Space Surf Rider ''
`` Sail on Love ''
`` Prayer to Paradise ''
`` I 'll Take Your Blues Away ''
Reviews
The Guitar God 2001 album received an excellent review from MusicDish .
Personnel
Randy Holden - guitar , vocals
Randy Pratt - Bass
Darren Lyons - Drums
Phil Weiss - Drums on `` Sail On Love ''
Rachel Stavach - Vocals on `` I 'll Take Your Blues Away ''
References
External links
Official site
2001 albums
The Matei Calinescu Prize is a triennial prize given to an academic by the Modern Language Association .
Description
The prize is awarded for a distinguished work of scholarship in twentieth- or twenty-first-century literature and thought . The prize is usually given to a first or second work published by an entrant . The prize has been established in honor of Matei Calinescu , a Romanian poet and scholar who taught at Indiana University , Bloomington .
Notable winners
Past winners of the prize include :
2014–15
Paul K. Saint-Amour , University of Pennsylvania , for Tense Future : Modernism , Total War , Encyclopedic Form ( Oxford Univ . Press , 2015 )
Honorable mention : Rebecca L. Walkowitz , Rutgers University , New Brunswick , for Born Translated : The Contemporary Novel in an Age of World Literature ( Columbia Univ . Press , 2015 )
References
External links
Academic awards
Shawn Elliott ( February 24 , 1937 – March 11 , 2016 ) was an American actor and singer . He is best known for starring in the original cast of Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris onstage and as Paco in the film Short Eyes ( 1977 ) .
Early years
Elliott was born Eliezer Santiago Solis in Santurce , Puerto Rico , and grew up in New York City 's East Harlem area where he appeared in a community center production of Oklahoma !
Singing career
Elliott had a # 1 hit in Europe and South America with a cover of Sir Lancelot 's `` Shame And Scandal In The Family '' in 1965 . The cover failed to chart in America where English comedian Lance Percival 's version did . However , Peter Tosh and the Wailers , as well as The Blues Busters , copied the arrangement used by Elliot in preparing their own later covers of the song . Recorded a minor disco hit `` Nice and Slow '' in 1976 .
Elliott originally recorded for Roulette Records , before moving with his brother Roland to Atlantic Records in 1968 , though none of his later records matched the success of his 1965 hit .
Selected discography
” Goodbye My Lover , ” 1962
” Sincerely and Tenderly , ” 1963
`` Shame And Scandal In The Family '' ; B-side `` Josephine , '' 1964
” You Opened Up My Eyes , ” 1967
” You 've Turned Away , '' 1968
” Little Children , ” 1968
” I Found Myself A Brand New Baby , ” 1970
`` Marieke ''
`` Child Is Father To The Man , '' 1971
`` Mr. Love , '' 1976
Acting career
After his last single , Elliott turned increasingly to acting . He is known for his roles in the films Short Eyes , Beat Street , Crossover Dreams , Do The Right Thing , Impulse , 13 Conversations About One Thing , Double Take , and Arbitrage . His last screen credit was the 2013 film Broken City .
On TV , Elliott played Eduardo Fernandez , father of main characters Alex and Gaby , on the PBS children 's show Ghostwriter . He also appeared in episodes of NBC 's Law & Order , Lifetime 's The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd , Miami Vice , CSI : Miami and American Family .
Elliott also appeared on Broadway in City of Angels ( 1989 ) and Marie Christine ( 1999 ) and off-Broadway and regionally in Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris , Cyrano De Bergerac , Senor Discretion Himself , Teresa 's Ecstasy , Hamlet , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf , and Man of La Mancha .
A lifetime member of The Actors Studio , Elliott received a 1998 ALMA Award for Outstanding Latino Cast for PBS ' Foto-Novelas . In 2000 , he was honored with the Rita Moreno Award for Excellence by the Hispanic Organization of Latin Artists ( HOLA ) .
Personal life
Elliott married actress Donna Murphy in 1990 . Elliott has two daughters from a previous relationship , Ivy Kaller and Justine McLaughlin . In 2006 , Elliott and Murphy adopted a daughter , Darmia Hope Murphy Elliott .
Death
Elliott died on March 11 , 2016 aged 79 .
Filmography
References
External links
1937 births
2016 deaths
Male actors from New York City
People from Santurce , Puerto Rico
Place of death missing
People from East Harlem
Singers from New York City
20th-century American singers
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American male singers
21st-century American male actors
Method actors
Galinthias philbyi , common name Yemen mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to Yemen and Saudi Arabia .
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
Galinthiadidae
Endemic fauna of Saudi Arabia
Endemic fauna of Yemen
Taxa named by Boris Uvarov
Insects described in 1936
Karaköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Arachnospila is a predominantly Holarctic genus of spider wasps , with limited representation in montane habitats
in Neotropical and Afrotropical regions . They are found in open habitats and at forest edge , the nests may contain more than one cell .
Species
Subgenus Acanthopompilus
Arachnospila conjungens ( Kohl , 1898 )
Arachnospila alpivaga ( Kohl , 1888 )
Arachnospila nuda ( Tournier , 1890 )
Subgenus Ammosphex
Arachnospila abnormis ( Dahlbom , 1842 )
Arachnospila alvarabnormis ( Wolf , 1965 )
Arachnospila anceps ( Wesmael , 1851 ) )
Arachnospila apennines ( Wolf , 1964 )
Arachnospila colpostoma ( Kohl , 1886 )
Arachnospila consobrina ( Dahlbom , 1843 )
Arachnospila dakota ( Cresson 1867 )
Arachnospila gibbomima ( Main , 1929 )
Arachnospila hedickei ( Main , 1929 )
Arachnospila imbecillus ( Banks 1939 )
Arachnospila luctuosa ( Cresson 1865 )
Arachnospila michiganensis ( Driesbach 1949 )
Arachnospila nivalabnormis ( Wolf , 1965 )
Arachnospila occidentalis ( Driesbach 1949 )
Arachnospila ofa ( Tournier , 1890 )
Arachnospila opinata ( Tournier , 1890 )
Arachnospila parvula ( Banks , 1912 )
Arachnospila rhaetabnormis ( Wolf , 1965 )
Arachnospila silvana ( Kohl , 1886 )
Arachnospila solona ( Banks , 1913 )
Arachnospila trivialis ( Dahlbom , 1843 )
Arachnospila wasbaueri ( Eavns , 1966 )
Arachnospila valesabnormis ( Wolf , 1965 )
Arachnospila virgilabnormis Wolf , 1976
Arachnospila wesmaeli ( Thomson , 1870 )
Arachnospila westerlundi ( Morawitz , 1893 )
Subgenus Anoplochares
Arachnospila asiatica ( Morawitz , 1888 )
Arachnospila canariensis Wolf , 1978
Arachnospila fuscomarginata ( Thomson , 1870 )
Arachnospila minutula ( Dahlbom , 1842 )
Arachnospila spissa ( Schiodte , 1837 )
Subgenus Arachnospila
Arachnospila arcta ( Cresson 1865 )
Arachnospila brevispinis Wahis , 1992
Arachnospila fumipennis ( Zetterstedt , 1838 )
Arachnospila ionica Wolf , 1964
Arachnospila longifrons Wolf , 1990
Arachnospila rufa ( Haupt , 1927 )
Arachnospila sogdianoides ( Wolf , 1964 )
Subgenus Melanospila
Arachnospila esau ( Kohl , 1886 )
Arachnospila holomelas ( Costa , 1882 )
Arachnospila tyrrhena Wahis , 1982
References
Hymenoptera genera
Pompilinae
Taxa named by Trevor Kincaid
The Roman Ritual ( ) is one of the official liturgical books of the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church . It contains all of the services which may be performed by a priest or deacon which are not contained within either the Missale Romanum , the Pontificale Romanum or the Caeremoniale Episcoporum . The book also contains some of the rites which are contained in only one of these books for convenience .
Since 1969 , the Roman Ritual is split into different books according to their subject for standard usage within the Latin Church , with the 1952 edition of the Roman Ritual still in regular use by priests and communities that use pre-Vatican II rites .
History
When first ritual functions books were written , the Sacramentary in the West and the Euchologion in the East , they contained all the priest 's ( and bishop 's ) part of whatever functions they performed , not only for the Mass or Divine Liturgy , but for all other sacraments , blessings , sacramentals , and rites of every kind as well .
From one book to many
The contents of the Ritual and Pontifical were in the Sacramentaries . In the Eastern Churches this state of things still to a great extent remains . In the West a further development led to the distinction of books , not according to the persons who use them , but according to the services for which they are used . The Missal , containing the whole Mass , succeeded by the Sacramentary . Some early Missals added other rites , for the convenience of the priest or bishop ; but on the whole this later arrangement involved the need of other books to supply the non-Eucharistic functions of the Sacramentary . These books , when they appeared , were the predecessors of the Pontifical and Ritual . The bishop 's functions ( ordination , confirmation , et cetera ) filled the Pontifical , the priest 's offices ( baptism , penance , matrimony , extreme unction , etc . ) were contained in a great variety of little handbooks , finally replaced by the Ritual .
Codification
The Pontifical emerged first . The book under this name occurs already in the eighth century ( Pontifical of Egbert ) . From the ninth there is a multitude of Pontificals . For the priest 's functions there was no uniform book till 1614 . Some of these are contained in the Pontificals ; often the chief ones were added to Missals and Books of Hours . Then special books were arranged , but there was no kind of uniformity in arrangement or name . Through the Middle Ages a vast number of handbooks for priests having the care of souls was written . Every local rite , almost every diocese , had such books ; indeed many were compilations for the convenience of one priest or church . Such books were called by many names -- Manuale , Liber agendarum , Agenda , Sacramentale , sometimes Rituale . Specimens of such medieval predecessors of the Ritual are the Manuale Curatorum of Roeskilde in Denmark ( first printed 1513 , ed . J. Freisen , Paderborn , 1898 ) , and the Liber Agendarum of Schleswig ( printed 1416 , Paderborn , 1898 ) . The Roeskilde book contains the blessing of salt and water , baptism , marriage , blessing of a house , visitation of the sick with viaticum and extreme unction , prayers for the dead , funeral service , funeral of infants , prayers for pilgrims , blessing of fire on Holy Saturday , and other blessings . The Schleswig book has besides much of the Holy Week services , and that for All Souls , Candlemas , and Ash Wednesday . In both many rites differ from the Roman forms .
16th century
In the sixteenth century , while the other liturgical books were being revised and issued as a uniform standard , there was naturally a desire to substitute an official book that should take the place of these varied collections . But the matter did not receive the attention of the Holy See itself for some time . First , various books were issued at Rome with the idea of securing uniformity , but without official sanction . Albert Castellani in 1537 published a Sacerdotale of this kind ; in 1579 at Venice another version appeared , arranged by Grancesco Samarino , Canon of the Lateran ; it was re-edited in 1583 by Angelo Rocca . In 1586 , Giulio Antonio Santorio , Cardinal of St. Severina , printed a handbook of rites for the use of priests , which , as Paul V says , `` he had composed after long study and with much industry and labor '' ( Apostolicae Sedis ) . This book is the foundation of the current Roman Ritual . On June 17 , 1614 , Paul V published the first edition of the official Rituale Romanum by the Constitution Apostolicae Sedis . In this , he points out that Clement VIII had already issued a uniform text of the Roman Pontifical and the Caeremoniale Episcoporum ( Ceremonial of Bishops ) , which includes rubrical rules for liturgical functions of many members of the clergy besides bishops . `` It remained '' , the Pope continues , `` that the sacred and authentic rites of the Church , to be observed in the administration of sacraments and other ecclesiastical functions by those who have the care of souls , should also be included in one book and published by authority of the Apostolic See ; so that they should carry out their office according to a public and fixed standard , instead of following so great a multitude of Rituals '' .
Post-Tridentine uniformity
But , unlike the other books of the Roman Rite , the Ritual has never been imposed as the only standard . Paul V did not abolish all other collections of the same kind , nor command every one to use only his book . He says : `` Wherefore we exhort in the Lord '' that it should be adopted . The result of this is that the old local Rituals have never been altogether abolished . After the appearance of the Roman edition these others were gradually more and more conformed to it . They continued to be used , but had many of their prayers and ceremonies modified to agree with the Roman book . This applies especially to the rites of Baptism , Holy Communion , the form of absolution , Extreme Unction . The ceremonies also contained in the Missal ( blessing of holy water , the processions of Candlemas and Palm Sunday , etc . ) , and the prayers also in the Breviary ( the Office of the Dead ) are necessarily identical with those of Paul V 's Ritual ; these have the absolute authority of the Missal and Breviary . On the other hand , many countries preserved local customs for the liturgical celebration of the Sacrament of Matrimony , the visitation of the sick , etc. , numerous special blessings , processions and sacramentals not found in the Roman book , still printed in various diocesan Rituals . It is then by no means the case that every priest of the Roman Rite used to follow the Roman Ritual . Very many dioceses or provinces still had their own local handbooks under the name of Rituale or another ( Ordo administrandi sacramenta , etc . ) , though all of these conformed to the Roman texts in the chief elements . Most contain practically all the Roman book , and have besides local additions/supplements .
18th–20th centuries
Benedict XIV in 1752 revised the Roman Ritual , together with the Pontifical and Cærimoniale Episcoporum . His new editions of these three books were published by the brief Quam ardenti ( 25 March 1752 ) , which quotes Paul V 's Constitution at length and is printed , as far as it concerns this book , in the beginning of the Ritual . He added to Paul V 's text two forms for giving the papal blessing ( V , 6 ; VIII , 31 ) . Meanwhile , a great number of additional blessings were added in an appendix . This appendix grew nearly as long as the original book . Under the title Benedictionale Romanum it is often issued separately . Leo XIII approved an editio typica published by Pustet at Ratisbon in 1884 . In 1925 , the Vatican under the authority of Pope Pius XI issued another typical edition of the Rituale , which , as the decree of the Sacred Congregation of Rites ( June 10 , 1925 ) informs us , had been adapted to the norms and guidelines of the Codex Juris Canonici of 1917 , and the revised rubrics of Missal and Breviary .
The latest typical edition of the Roman Ritual was published in 1952 .
1969-today
With the advent of the Second Vatican Council The Roman Ritual was split up into different fascicles and revised , with each fascicle being published as a single volume from 1969 onward . They are prefaced with theological introductions , and their translation into the vernacular language is overseen by Episcopal Conferences . The current authoritative Latin versions are :
Ordo celebrandi Matrimonium ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , editio typica 1969 ; editio typica altera 1991 , 2008 )
Ordo Exsequiarum ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1969 )
Ordo Unctionis infirmorum eorumque pastoralis curae ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1972 )
Ordo Initiationis Christianae adultorum ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1972 )
Ordo professionis religiosae ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1970 , 1975 )
Ordo Baptismi parvulorum ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , editio typica 1969 ; editio typica altera 1973 , 1986 , 2003 )
De sacra communione et de cultu mysterii eucharistici extra Missam ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1974 )
Ordo Paenitentiae ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1974 )
Ordo Confirmationis ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , editio typica 1973 , 2003 )
De Benedictionibus ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , editio typica 1984 , 1985 , 1993 , 2013 )
De Exorcismis et supplicationibus quibusdam ( Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis , 1999 , 2013 )
The second section of the Roman Ritual , the Benedictionale , was also extensively revised , and published in 1987 as De Benedictionibus .
The Rite of Exorcism also underwent a series of revisions and was finally promulgated in 1999 , as De exorcismis et supplicationibus quibusdam ( Concerning Exorcisms and Certain Supplications ) .
Contents
The Rituale Romanum is divided into ten `` titles '' ( ) . All , except the first , are subdivided into chapters . The first being called “ Ultimum , Gh. ” In each title ( except I and X ) , the first chapter gives the general rules for the sacrament or function , while the others give the exact ceremonies and prayers for various cases of administration .
Other rituals
The Ambrosian Rite has its own ritual ( Rituale Ambrosianum , published by Giacomo Agnelli at the Archiepiscopal Press , Milan ) .
In the Byzantine Rite , the contents of the ritual are contained in the Euchologion .
The Armenians have a ritual book ( Mashdotz ) similar to the Roman Ritual .
Other churches not in communion with the Holy See have not yet arranged the various parts of this book in one collection . Nearly all the Eastern Catholic Churches , however , now have ritual books formed on the Roman model .
See also
Breviary
Pontifical
Missal
Vade retro satana
References
External links
1964 Roman Ritual for use in the United States
Usuarium , A Digital Library and Database for the Study of Latin Liturgical History in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Period
Further reading
Roman Rite liturgical books
Christian processions
Martine Oppliger-Bouchonneau ( born 19 October 1957 ) is a Swiss long-distance runner . She competed in the women 's 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1957 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Swiss female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing ( living people )
CFWD-FM is a radio station in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan . Owned by Harvard Media , it broadcasts a rock-leaning classic hits format branded as 96.3 Cruz FM .
History
Licensed to Harvard Broadcasting on May 28 , 2007 , the station was originally scheduled to launch on 92.3 FM . However , it applied for a change of frequency to 96.3 FM , citing the potential for third-adjacent interference to CKBL .
On April 9 , 2008 , the new station signed on and began stunting with Christmas music as Santa FM in preparation for its official launch ; the campaign also featured publicists parading the streets of Saskatoon in Santa Claus costumes . On April 11 , 2008 at 3:00 p.m. , the station officially launched with a Top 40/CHR format branded as Wired 96.3 ; the first ( and ultimately , last ) song on `` Wired '' was `` Low '' by Flo Rida and T-Pain .
On November 16 , 2012 , Harvard laid off CFWD 's on-air personalities and announced that Wired 96.3 would sign off that night at midnight ; at that time the station returned to Santa FM for the holiday season in preparation for another change in format scheduled for December 26 . On December 26 , 2012 , at Noon , CFWD flipped to an adult hits format , branded as 96.3 Cruz FM . The first song on `` Cruz '' was `` You Give Love a Bad Name '' by Bon Jovi .
References
External links
96.3 Cruz FM
Fwd
Fwd
Fwd
Radio stations established in 2007
2007 establishments in Saskatchewan
The Love Songs is the fourth compilation album by Chris de Burgh , released by A & M Records in 1997 . Three new tracks are included in addition to songs found on previous albums , several of which were re-recorded for this release .
Track listing
All songs written by Chris de Burgh .
`` Here Is Your Paradise ''
`` Missing You ''
`` So Beautiful '' ( previously unreleased )
`` In Love Forever '' ( new recording )
`` Borderline ''
`` The Lady in Red ''
`` Much More Than This ''
`` It 's Me ( And I 'm Ready To Go ) '' ( previously unreleased )
`` Separate Tables '' ( new recording )
`` Fatal Hesitation ''
`` Forevermore '' ( previously unreleased )
`` The Head and the Heart ''
`` Lonely Sky '' ( new remix )
`` Suddenly Love ''
`` If You Really Love Her , Let Her Go '' ( new recording )
`` In a Country Churchyard '' ( new recording )
Charts
References
External links
The Official Chris de Burgh Website
Chris de Burgh albums
1997 greatest hits albums
A & M Records compilation albums
Isabella is a remote unincorporated community in Stony River Township , Lake County , Minnesota , United States .
The community is located north of Silver Bay , and southeast of Ely ; at the intersection of Minnesota State Highway 1 and Forest Road 172 ( Wanless Road ) .
Isabella is located within the Superior National Forest .
See also
Little Isabella River
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Lake County , Minnesota
Acianthera ochreata is a species of orchid native to eastern Brazil .
References
ochreata
Flora of Brazil
Iphigénie is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by the French playwright Jean Racine . It was first performed in the Orangerie in Versailles on August 18 , 1674 , as part of the fifth of the royal Divertissements de Versailles of Louis XIV to celebrate the conquest of Franche-Comté .
Later in December it was triumphantly revived at the Hôtel de Bourgogne , home of the royal troupe of actors in Paris .
With Iphigénie , Racine returned once again to a mythological subject , following a series of historical plays ( Britannicus , Bérénice , Bajazet , Mithridate ) . On the shores at Aulis , the Greeks prepare their departure for an attack on Troy . The gods quell the winds for their journey and demand the sacrifice of
Iphigénie , daughter of Agamemnon , King of the Greeks .
As in the original version of the play by Euripides , Iphigenia in Aulis , the morally the strongest character in the play is not Agamemnon , a pusillanimous leader , but Iphigénie , driven by duty to father and country to accept the will of the gods . In the final sacrificial scene of Euripides ' play , the goddess Artemis substitutes a deer for Iphigenia , who is swept through the heavens by the gods to Tauris . Based on the writings of Pausanias , Racine decided upon an alternative dramatic solution for the ending : another princess Ériphile is revealed to be the true `` Iphigénie '' whose life is sought by the gods and thus the tragic heroine of the play is spared .
Although a great success when it was first produced , Iphigénie is rarely performed today .
Characters
Agamemnon
Achille
Ulysse
Clytemnestre , wife of Agamemnon
Iphigénie , daughter of Agamemnon
Ériphile , daughter of Helen and Theseus
Arcas , servant to Agamemnon
Eurybate
Aegine , lady-in-waiting to Clytemnestre
Doris , confidante of Ériphile
Synopsis
The play is set in Aulis , in the royal tent of Agamemnon .
Act I . At dawn in the Greek camp at Aulis , where the Greek fleets are moored in wait for a campaign against Troy , Agamemnon entrusts his servant Arcas with a message to prevent the visit of his wife Clytemnestre and daughter Iphigénie , summoned by him supposedly for Iphigénie 's marriage to Achille but in truth for her sacrifice to the goddess Diana : the oracle has pronounced that only after the sacrifice of Iphigénie will the gods unleash the becalmed winds needed to carry the Greek ships to Troy . Having doubts about his duplicitous scheme , Agamemnon 's message now tells of Achille 's withdrawal from the planned marriage . Achille , unaware of these events , can not be dissuaded from his wish to marry Iphigénie and leave for Troy , even though it has been predicted that he will die there . In Achille 's absence , Ulysse convinces Agamemnon that his daughter 's sacrifice is necessary to avenge the honour of Helen of Troy and for the eternal glory of Greece . The arrival is announced of Clytemnestre and Iphigénie with Eriphile , a young girl in their charge , captured by Achille on the island of Lesbos , an ally of Troy : the message has not reached them .
Act II . Eriphile discloses her troubled state to her confidante Doris : she will never know the secret circumstances of her high birth that would have been revealed in Troy according to Doris ' father , killed during the overthrow of Lesbos ; and , far from hating the conquering Achille , she has been overcome by an
uncontrollable passion for him , feeling she has either to separate him from Iphigénie or take her own life . Iphigénie confides to Eriphile her unease at her reception : Achille 's absence and Agamemnon 's cold evasiveness , telling her only that she will be present at the sacrifice currently in preparation . Clytemnestra , outraged after having at last received her husband 's message from Arcas , tells Iphigénie that they can not stay , Achille having reportedly chosen not to marry her because of Eriphile . Distraught with grief at her cruel and vicious betrayal by Eriphile , Iphigénie leaves dejectedly on being discovered by Achille . In turn astonished and confused by her presence in Aulis , Achille expresses his dismay at the efforts of the Greek leaders to prevent his marriage . Smitten by jealousy , Eriphile resolves to profit from this confusion .
Act III . Clytemnestre announces to Agamemnon that she and her daughter will no longer leave , since Achille has convinced them of his sincerity and his wish for an immediate marriage to Iphigénie . After his attempts at discouragement fail , Agamemnon forbids her to accompany Iphigénie to the sacrificial altar . Perplexed by his motives , she nevertheless accedes to his wishes . Achille appears to inform Agamemnon of his good news and of the high priest Calchas ' predictions of favourable winds . He promises to Iphigénie that he will give Eriphile her liberty as soon as they are married . Arcas arrives to announce that Agamemnon has summoned Iphigénie to the altar , revealing to the horror of all that is she who is to be sacrificed . Clytemenestre entrusts her daughter to Achille and rushes off to petition the king .
Achille vents his rage at being used as a pawn by Agamemnon and vows to be avenged , while Iphigénie nobly rises to the defense of her father . Prevented from
entering the king 's presence , Clytemnestre implores Achille to help , but Iphigénie prevails upon him to wait until Agamemnon is obliged to fetch her in person and is pierced by the extreme suffering of his wife and daughter .
Act IV . The plight of Iphigénie only serves to increase Eriphile 's envy of her : Achille 's efforts to save her ; Agamemnon 's continuing hesitation despite the secrecy of the sacrificial victim 's name . She decides to reveal everything she has heard in order to sow more trouble and discord , thus averting the threat hanging over Troy . Clytemnestre leaves Iphigénie , who still takes her father 's side , and waits for her husband . Agamemnon eventually appears , blaming her for her daughter 's delay . When Iphigénie enters in tears , he realizes that they know everything . Iphigénie pleads for her life with restraint , nevertheless piercingly reminding her
father that her pleas are made for the sake of others – her mother and her betrothed – rather than herself . In turn Clytemnestre vents her wrath upon Agamemnon , condemning his barbarity and inhumanity in being so easily swayed to spill his innocent daughter 's blood . Finally Achille calls him to account , barely containing his fury . In a heated exchange , Agamemnon defies Achille 's attempts to question the personal actions of a king and commander , saying that he must share responsibility for Iphigénie 's fate as one of the soldiers pushing to leave for Troy and hinting that his services are not indispensable . Achille counters , saying that Iphigénie is more important to him than the Trojan war , that the bond forged with her could not be so easily broken and that he would do all in his power to defend her . Achille 's threats only serve to harden Agamemnon 's resolve to sacrifice Iphigénie ; however , instead of ordering the guards to fetch her , he finally decides to save her , but solely so he can choose another husband for her and thus humiliate Achille . He instructs Clytemnestre that she must secretly leave the camp
with Iphigénie and flee from Aulis , under protection of his own guards . Instead of following them , Eriphile vindictively decides to reveal all to the high priest Calchas .
Act V. In her despair Iphigénie , prevented from leaving the city and forbidden ever again to speak to Achille , feels that sacrificial death is the only choice left . Achille arrives to offer her the support of his troops . She continues to defend her father and insists on the need for her sacrifice . Achille leaves her , still resolved to defend her . Her mother 's entreaties are met with a similar response ; she departs to make her own way to the sacrificial altar . Clytemnestre is beside herself with grief and despair , conjuring up the god of thunder at the end of her apocalyptic invocations . Arcas comes to fetch her on behalf of Achille , who with his soldiers has interrupted the sacrifice ; but then Ulysse arrives to reassure Clytemnestre that her daughter has been saved as the result of an unexpected miracle . At the moment that Achille and the other Greeks were facing each other for combat , the high priest Calchas revealed that , according to the oracle , Eriphile , the secret daughter of Hélène and Thésée , was also called `` Iphigénie '' and it was she whom the gods had required to be sacrificed . Eriphile then stabbed herself on the altar , her death being immediately followed by a cosmic cataclysm : lightning , thunder , winds , motions of the waves and a pyre of flames in which the goddess Diana herself
appeared . Clytemnestre leaves to join her now reconciled family and future son-in-law , thanking the gods for this deliverance .
Historical context
During the 17th century , the legend of Iphigenia was popular amongst playwrights . The lost painting of Timanthes from Ancient Greece copied in a first-century fresco in Pompeii was one of the most celebrated representations of the sacrifice of Iphigenia from antiquity , to which Cicero , Quintillian , Valerius Maximus and Pliny the Elder all made reference . The aesthetic impact of the painting was such that it was even cited by the Abbé d'Aubignac in his celebrated `` Theatrical Practice '' , published in 1657 and annotated by Racine . He wrote that in order to depict the sacrifice of Iphigenia one should imitate the different degrees of grief amongst those present : the sadness of the Greek princes , the extreme affliction on Menelaus ' face , Clytemnestra 's tears of despair , and finally Agamemnon , his face masked by a veil to conceal his sensitive nature from his generals , but by this means to show nevertheless the extent of his grief . In the play Arcas relates to Clytemnestra that at the moment of Iphigenia 's sacrifice
There are detailed contemporary reports of the first performance at Versailles . André Felibien , secretary of the Royal Academy of architecture , recorded his impressions in a booklet :
After Their Majesties had taken refreshments in a copse to the sound of violin and oboes , all the tables were left to be cleared away [ ... ] ; and the king , having climbed back into his carriage , departed , followed by all his court , to the end of the avenue leading to the Orangerie , where a theatre had been set up . It was decorated as a long verdant avenue along which fountains were interspersed with small delicately crafted rustic grottos . Porcelain vases filled with flowers were arranged on the balustrades crowning the entablature . The basins of the fountains were carved from marble , supported by gilt tritons ; and higher up in the basins were even more basins , adorned with large gold statues . The avenue came to an end at the back of the theatre where tents linked up to those covering the orchestra . And beyond that was the avenue of the Orangerie itself , bordered on both sides by orange and pomegranate trees , intermixed with several porcelain vases filled with different flowers . Between each tree there were large candelabras and gold and azure guéridons bearing crystal candlesticks , lit with numerous candles . This avenue ended with a marble portico . The pilasters supporting the cornice were made of lapislazuli and the gate appeared to be wrought in gold . In the theatre , decorated as just described , the royal troupe of actors performed the tragedy of Iphigénie , the latest work by Monsieur Racine , which received from the entire court the approval which has always been accorded to this author 's plays .
Influence
The German classical composer Christoph Willibald Gluck 's opera Iphigénie en Aulide , first performed at the Paris Opéra in 1774 , was based on Racine 's play .
References
( English translation by J. Cairncross )
External links
Complete text of play in French
Facsimile of original text
Plays by Jean Racine
1674 plays
Plays set in ancient Greece
Plays based on works by Euripides
Tragedy plays
Agamemnon
Works based on Iphigenia in Aulis
The 2018 European Mountain Bike Championships was held in Glasgow , United Kingdom , on 8 August 2018 , the championships are part of the first European Championships with other six sports events happening in Glasgow and Berlin .
In 2018 for the first time the European championships of four cycling specialties ( Road , Track , BMX and Mountain bike ) , were held in a single period and a single venue , and the events were part of the program of the first edition of the European Championships .
Events
Medal table
See also
2018 European Cycling Championships
References
External links
Union Européenne de Cyclisme official web site
European Mountain Bike Championships
Mountain Bike
European Mountain Bike Championships
International sports competitions in Glasgow
Mountain Bike
Mountain biking events
Euro
The United Front for Revolutionary Action ( , abbreviated as FUAR ) was a short-lived militant organization which was the paramilitary wing of the Communist Party of El Salvador from 1962 to 1964 . The organization , which was led by Schafik Hándal , did not carry out any militant activities . A combination of targeting by the National Democratic Organization on orders of President Julio Adalberto Rivera Carballo and Communist Party General-Secretary Cayetano Carpio 's decision to abolish the group led to the group 's disestablishment in 1964 .
See also
Communist Party of El Salvador
Unified Popular Action Front
Christian Federation of Salvadoran Peasants
References
1960s establishments in El Salvador
1960s disestablishments in El Salvador
The Voice Kids is a Ukrainian television music competition to find new singing talent . The first series began airing on 4 November 2012 , being broadcast on a weekly basis on 1+1 . It is hosted by Andrii Domanskyi , Kateryna Osadcha and the coaches are Tina Karol , Oleg Skrypka and Svetlana Loboda .
Coaches and finalists
– Winning coach/contestant . Winners are in bold , eliminated contestants in small font .
– Runner-up coach/contestant . Final contestant first listed .
Blind auditions
During the Blind auditions , each coach must now form a team of 15 young artists .
It airs from November 4 .
Color key
Episode 1 ( November 4 )
Episode 2 ( November 11 )
Episode 3 ( November 18 )
Episode 4 ( November 25 )
Episode 5 ( December 2 )
Episode 6 ( December 9 )
The Battles
In the second stage , called the battle phase , coaches have three of their team members battle against each other directly by singing the same song together , with the coach choosing which team member to advance from each of individual `` battles '' into the Semifinal stage .
Color key
Semifinal
Episode 9 ( December 30 )
Final
Episode 10 ( January 6 )
Round 1
In this phase of the competition , each of the top nine finalists took the stage and performed a solo song . The television audience choose the final three artists who advanced to the next round .
Round 2
The final round of the competition featured the top three finalists doing duets with their coach . Before the start of the performances , voting lines were opened live-in-show for the television audience to vote for the final three and decide the winner . The winner of The Voice Kids was announced at the end of the show .
The Voice of Ukraine
2012 Ukrainian television seasons
2013 Ukrainian television seasons
Jennie Maria Drinkwater Conklin ( , Drinkwater ; pen name , Mrs. Nathaniel Conklin ; April 14 , 1841 – April 28 , 1900 ) was a 19th-century American author and social activist . While still in her teens , she became known for her stories for children . She wrote books for girls as well as for the religious press . Conklin was the originator of the organization known as the Shut-In Society , which was a bureau of correspondence for disabled women and girls .
Early life and education
Jennie Maria Drinkwater was born in Portland , Maine , April 14 , 1841 . Her father was Levi Drinkwater , a retired sea captain . She was educated in the public schools there and at the Institution for Young Ladies on Brooklyn Heights , also known as the Greenleaf Female Institute .
Career
Drinkwater began writing as a child , and was a constant contributor to leading papers . Always fond of reading , at the age of 12 , she became inspired with the thought of writing a book herself . At odd moments , she made her first attempt at story-writing , story-telling she had begun before , gathering about her the younger children to listen to the adventures of some small heroine . Her earliest recollection of books were the Bible and The Pilgrim 's Progress . Later , she looked back and saw how the thread of those early influences wove her stories . Having had from her earliest reading an absorbing interest in biography , one of her first inspirations in bookmaking was the thought of biography—to write lives of people as she found them , using their weaknesses , hardships , evil or noble conduct to point truth to others . For this reason , Conklin 's stories always possessed a moral as well as an absorbing interest .
In 1874 , when she was disabled , she became interested in girls and women shut in from the outside world , and the thought of a society for mutual comfort occurred to her . She sought other disabled women in similar circumstances , and wrote an account of her Shut-In Society . By 1896 , the Shut-In Society had more than 2,000 members , with members in every state , and in many other parts of the world . It was an organized society , with an advisory board , and it published monthly a magazine call the Open Window . Her book , Tessa Wadsworth 's Discipline , gives a sketch of its earliest members .
Under her maiden name , she wrote a number of books , among the better known being Tessa Wadsworth 's Discipline , Bek 's First Corner , Marigold , Dolly French 's Household , Miss Prudence , and Fifteen . Other popular books included Other Folk , Rue 's Helps , The Story of Hannah , Isabel 's Between Times , Rizpah 's Heritage , From Flax to Linen , Three Women , Three and Twenty , Paul French 's Way , Electa , Uncle Justice Seth 's Will , The Fairfax Girls , Second Best , Set Free , Fourfold , Marigold , Other Folk , Miss Prudence Cromwell , The Story of Hannah , Looking Seaward , Dorothy 's Islands , Goldenrod Farm , Shar Burbank . Her books were financially successful ; several editions of 30,000 each were sold . Her books were classified as `` Sunday-school Juveniles '' for the young , but more especially for girls .
Personal life
She married Rev . Nathaniel Conklin , March 17 , 1880 . He was for many years pastor of the Presbyterian Church of New Vernon , New Jersey . He died in 1892 . Since her husband 's death , she resided in Newark , New Jersey . She died in New Vernon , April 28 , 1900 . Interment was made in Hillside Cemetery .
Selected works
Tessa Wadsworth 's Discipline
Other Folk , Rue 's Helps
Bek 's First Corner
Miss Prudence
The Story of Hannah
Isabel 's Between Times
Rizpah 's Heritage
From Flax to Linen
Marigold
Three Women
Three and Twenty
Paul French 's Way
Electa
Fifteen
Uncle Justice Seth 's Will
The Fairfax Girls
Second Best
Set Free
Fourfold
Marigold
Other Folk
Miss Prudence Cromwell
The Story of Hannah
Looking Seaward
Dorothy 's Islands
Goldenrod Farm
Shar Burbank
Dolly French 's Household
References
Attribution
1841 births
1900 deaths
19th-century American writers
19th-century American women writers
Writers from Portland , Maine
American social activists
American women children 's writers
American children 's writers
American letter writers
Writers with disabilities
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Pseudonymous women writers
Żabokliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately south of Korytnica , west of Węgrów , and east of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
`` Superman/Supergirl '' is the fourth and final single from Australian band Killing Heidi 's debut 5× Platinum album Reflector . Its B-side was the album track `` Black Sheep '' .
Track listing
CD single
`` Superman/Supergirl ''
`` Black Sheep ''
`` Live Without It ''
`` Superman/Supergirl '' ( Music video )
Charts
References
2000 songs
Killing Heidi songs
Songs written by Ella Hooper
Songs written by Jesse Hooper
2000 singles
Warner Records singles
Michael Paul Ansah ( born 31 October 1928 ) was a Ghanaian politician who served in the First and Third Republics . He served as a member of parliament for the Akwamu constituency from 1965 to 1966 and the member of parliament for the Mid-Volta constituency from 1979 to 1981 . He also served as the Minister for Health from 1979 to 1981 and the Minister for Industry , Science and Technology from August 1981 to December 1981 .
Early life and education
Ansah was born on 31 October 1928 in Anum , a town in the Eastern Region . He had his early education at the Mampong-Akwapim Primary School from 1935 to 1940 . He had his middle school education at the Akropong-Akwapim Middle School and the Begoro Middle School from 1941 to 1942 and from 1942 to 1944 respectively . He entered the Presbyterian Secondary School ( now Presbyterian Boys ' Senior High School ) in 1945 completing in 1949 . He later had his post-secondary education at the Akropong Teacher Training College ( now the Presbyterian College of Education , Akropong ) where he obtained his Teachers ' Certificate ' A ' . After a few years in the teaching profession he entered the University of Ghana , Legon graduating with a degree in history in 1959 . He later read politics and anthropology at the Institute of African Studies at the University of Ghana graduating in 1965 . He was the first president and founder of the Students Historical Association at the University of Ghana he was also the founder and first secretary of the Akwamu Youth League in 1958 ( now Akwamu Students Union ) .
Career
Ansah begun teaching at the Presbyterian Secondary School at Odumase Krobo until he was transferred to the Institute of Arts and Culture on 30 June 1962 . In 1965 , he was appointed headmaster of O'Reilly Secondary School .
Politics
In June 1965 Ansah was elected as member parliament for the Akwamu Constituency under the Convention Peoples Party regime . He served in this capacity until February 1966 when the Nkrumah government was overthrown .
On 24th September 1979 when the third republic was ushered in , he entered parliament representing the Mid-Volta constituency on the ticket of the People 's National Party where he was elected as Majority Leader and Leader of the House . That same year , he was appointed a Cabinet Minister under the Minister for Health and he remained in that post until he was moved to the Ministry for Industry , Science and Technology in 1981 . He served in that capacity until the Limann government was ousted by the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council on 31 December 1981 .
Personal life
His hobbies included gardening , playing lawn tennis and listening to music . He was married to Mrs Dora Ansah ( née Arjarquah ) , with whom he had 6 children .
See also
Minister for Health
List of MPs elected in the 1965 Ghanaian parliamentary election
List of MPs elected in the 1979 Ghanaian parliamentary election
References
1928 births
Possibly living people
Ghanaian MPs 1965–1966
Ghanaian MPs 1979–1981
Convention People 's Party ( Ghana ) politicians
National Convention Party ( Ghana ) politicians
20th-century Ghanaian politicians
Presbyterian Boys ' Senior High School alumni
Presbyterian College of Education , Akropong alumni
University of Ghana alumni
Akan people
Maren Haugli ( born 3 March 1985 ) is a Norwegian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
She represents the sports club Jevnaker IF and is the granddaughter of Sverre Ingolf Haugli and sister of Sverre Haugli .
Personal records
Career highlights
Olympic Winter Games
2006 - Torino , 15th at 3000 m
2006 - Torino , 19th at 1500 m
2006 - Torino , 8th at 5000 m
2006 - Torino , 7th at team pursuit
World Allround Championships
2005 - Moscow , 22nd
2006 - Calgary , 5th
2009 - Hamar , 10th
World Single Distance Championships
2005 - Inzell , 12th at 3000 m
2005 - Inzell , 11th at 5000 m
World Sprint Championships
2007 - Hamar , 27th
European Allround Championships
2005 - Heerenveen , 13th
2006 - Hamar , 5th
2007 - Collalbo , 9th
2008 - Kolomna , 14th
2009 - Heerenveen , 9th
World Cup
2006 - Heerenveen , 3rd at 3000 m
World Junior Allround Championships
2001 - Groningen , 23rd
2002 - Collalbo , 35th
2003 - Kushiro , 30th
2004 - Roseville , Minnesota , 17th
National Championships
2003 - Bergen , 3rd at allround
2004 - Oslo , 3rd at allround
2005 - Larvik , 3rd at 500 m
2005 - Larvik , 1st at 3000 m
2005 - Larvik , 3rd at 1500 m
2006 - Hamar , 1st at 1500 m
2006 - Hamar , 2nd at 1000 m
2006 - Hamar , 1st at 3000 m
2006 - Arendal , 1st at 5000 m
2006 - Arendal , 1st at allround
2006 - Asker , 2nd at sprint
2007 - Hamar , 1st at1500 m
2007 - Hamar , 1st at 3000 m
2008 - Hamar , 2nd at 1500 m
2008 - Hamar , 2nd 1st at 3000 m
2008 - Bjugn , 2nd at allround
2009 - Hamar , 1st at1500 m
2009 - Hamar , 1st at 3000 m
2009 - Gol , 1st at allround
External links
Maren Haugli by speedskatingphotos-by-biseth
Haugli at Jakub Majerski 's Speedskating Database
Haugli at SkateResults.com
Photos of Maren Haugli
1985 births
Living people
Norwegian female speed skaters
People from Oppland
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Norway
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Sportspeople from Innlandet
Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Panhandle Bridge ( officially the Monongahela River Bridge ) carries two rail lines of the Port Authority `` T '' line across the Monongahela River in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The name comes from Pennsylvania Railroad subsidiary Pittsburgh , Cincinnati , Chicago and St. Louis Railroad , also known as the Panhandle Route , which operated over the bridge .
The basic structure was built in 1903 , and was the third railroad bridge on the site since 1863 . It was raised in 1912-14 as part of a grade separation project . The bridge 's function was to carry Panhandle Route passenger , mail and express trains from Pennsylvania Station in Pittsburgh , with a tunnel in between the station and the bridge . Pennsy Panhandle freight trains utilized the Ohio Connecting Bridge slightly downstream on the Ohio River , or went the long way around the West Virginia Panhandle via Conway , Pennsylvania .
Rail traffic over the Panhandle Bridge declined as passenger trains were discontinued , and Amtrak became the only regular user of the bridge from 1971 to 1979 , when the New York-St. Louis-Kansas City National Limited was discontinued on October 1 of that year . As PRR successor Conrail had no use for the bridge and the restrictive downtown tunnel , it was sold to the Port Authority , who rebuilt the bridge beginning in 1982 as part of the downtown light rail subway project , which removed trolleys from downtown streets and the Smithfield Street Bridge . PAT ( as the Port Authority system was known at the time ) light rail cars began using the bridge on July 7 , 1985 .
See also
List of crossings of the Monongahela River
Pittsburgh & Steubenville Extension Railroad Tunnel
Pittsburgh , Cincinnati , Chicago and St. Louis Railroad
References
External links
Panhandle Bridge on pghbridges.com
Bridges in Pittsburgh
Bridges over the Monongahela River
Bridges completed in 1903
Railroad bridges in Pennsylvania
Light rail bridges
Ngayon Kaya ( Now So ) is a 2022 Filipino romance drama film directed by Prime Cruz and starring Paulo Avelino and Janine Gutierrez under production company T.Rex Entertainment and WASD Films . The film was released on June 22 , 2022 . The production of this film took place from September 2019 to January 2020 before the Coronavirus Pandemic occurred . The original initial dates was supposed to be screened in April 2020 for the Metro Manila Summer Festival in the spike of cinema 's industry during COVID-19 , then it pushed to April 21 , 2022 , and was called over to its final date of screening in the 3rd week of June .
Plot
After their college guaduation , Harold and AM , respectively who have a chance to encounter years that unexpectedly reunited when they both arrive late at their friends ' wedding that ever believes on wannabes and nowhere on believing in a reason on love and tense about expectations on hooked on their whatifs .
Cast and characters
Paulo Avelino as Harold , a shy guy from a simple family secretly in love with an outgoing rich girl persona .
Janine Gutierrez as Amanda `` AM '' , a rich city girl who is passionate about her dreams but they contrast on her charisma on someone
Alwyn Uytingco
John James Uy
Donna Cariaga as Lea , Harold 's ex-boyfriend
Haley Dizon
Rio Locsin
References
Filipino-language films
2022 romance films
Philippine romantic drama films
2022 romantic drama films
The Caves of Nerja ( ) are a series of caverns close to the town of Nerja in the Province of Málaga , Spain . Stretching for almost , the caverns are one of Spain 's major tourist attractions . Concerts are regularly held in one of the chambers , which forms a natural amphitheatre .
The caves were re-discovered in modern times on 12 January 1959 by five friends , who entered through a narrow sinkhole known as `` La Mina '' . This forms one of the two natural entrances to the cave system . A third entrance was created in 1960 to allow easy access for tourists , just south of the Sierras of Tejeda , Almijara and Alhama Natural Park . The cave is divided into two main parts known as Nerja I and Nerja II . Nerja I include the Show Galleries which are open to the public , with relatively easy access via a flight of stairs and concreted pathways to allow tourists to move about in the cavern without difficulty . Nerja II , which is not open to the public , comprises the Upper Gallery discovered in 1960 and the New Gallery discovered in 1969 .
In February 2012 it was announced that possibly Neanderthal cave paintings dated in 42,000 years have been discovered in the Caves of Nerja .
History
Approximately 5 million years ago , during the Upper Miocene , water penetrated the fissures of the marble rock and dissolved it , forming a huge cavern . Seismic movement and landslides during the Holocene forced the water to find new pathways through the cave system and began the formation of the giant stalactites and stalagmites that can be seen in the cave .
Skeletal remains found in the caverns indicate that they were inhabited from about 25,000 BC up until the Bronze Age . Cave paintings from the Paleolithic and post-Paleolithic eras have been discovered on the walls of the cave . For about 4,000 years from 25,000 BC the caves were used seasonally by a small group of humans , and were occupied by cave hyena during the periods that the humans were absent . By 21,000 BC the human population had taken up year-round residence in the caves and had increased in number . A culture based on hunting in the local area had evolved , illustrated by first cave paintings found in the cave which date to around the time . Pine nuts and snails were also important elements of the diet . Up until around 10,800 BC the hunting culture continued to develop with more prey species being taken , including goats , rabbits , fish and marine mammals . A wide variety of animal bones , shells and fish bones from this time have been found in the cave , including the remains of a number of offshore species , along with stone and bone tools . By 4500 BC domesticated animals were being kept and the area around the cave was being used for farming and the production of pottery . By 3800 BC textiles and more advanced styles of pottery were being produced and parts of the cave were being used as a burial chamber .
Galleries
Show Gallery
Each of the galleries has a number of halls , areas where the walls , floors or ceilings close in to subdivide the main caverns . The Show Gallery is accessed by an 8 m flight of stairs leading to the Entrance Hall ( ) where archaeological excavations took place and where some of the finds are now displayed . Off to one side a passage leads the Hall ( ) , and Hall of the Sink ( ) where further archaeological excavations take place . This area is not normally open to the public . Back through the Entrance Hall is the Hall of the Nativity ( ) which is filled with columns of calcite . A skeleton recovered from the cave is on display in a glass case in this subsection . From the Entrance Hall a passage called the Hall of the Tusk ( ) leads down to the Hall of the Waterfall or Ballet ( ) . It is here that concerts and festivals of dance are staged and there are about 100 seats set permanently in the cave . This large cavern has little to separate it from the Hall of the Phantoms ( ) apart from some columns . The Hall of the Phantoms is named after an unusual speleothem . At the end of this cavern is a large rockfall which separates it from the Hall of the Cataclysm ( ) which is over 100 m long and dominated by the huge central column which is the biggest in the world , measuring 13 m by 7 m at the base and standing 32 m high . Further down into the hall is the Organ Corner ( ) where fluted columns can be struck to produce different notes . Some of the columns seem to have been intentionally altered to produce different notes by the prehistoric inhabitants of the cave . High up in the far corner of this cave is the opening which allows access to the Upper and New Galleries .
Upper and New Galleries
The Upper and New Galleries are each divided into two halls . In the Upper Hall is the Columns of Hercules ( ) and the Hall of Immensity ( ) , while in the New Gallery there are the Halls of the Lance ( ) and the Hall of the Mountain ( ) . These two areas contain many of the cave paintings , but tourist access is restricted to specialised caving `` speleothem tourism '' .
Investigations
Several expeditions have been made to fully know the cavity and its different galleries . In 1969 a narrow passage was discovered in the hall del Cataclismo . This step led to a magnificent find , the so-called high galleries and the new galleries , whose spectacular formations and prehistoric remains , can not yet be contemplated by the visitor .
Throughout all these years , the Fundación Cueva de Nerja has promoted the study and research of the Cave , constituting the Scientific Committee formed by geologists , biologists , archaeologists , paleontologists , etc. , making congresses , photographic studies , improvements in equipment and cultural activities .
In 2012 some organic remains associated with paintings of seals have been dated in 42 000 years which could be the first known work of art in the history of humanity . They could be the oldest paintings of humanity , possibly made by H11s .
Bien de interés cultural
The enormous wealth of the Cave of Nerja made it , one year after its opening to tourism , declared Historical Artistic Monument , according to Decree nº 988 , of May 25 , 1961 and , subsequently , Bien de Interés Cultural , by virtue of the Law 16/1985 of the Spanish Historical Heritage of June 25 , 1985 .
In 2006 , the Cave of Nerja was declared Property of Cultural Interest with the category of Archaeological Zone , according to Decree nº 194 , of October 31 , 2006 .
See also
Rock art of the Iberian Southern Tip
References
Show caves in Spain
Limestone caves
Geography of the Province of Málaga
Tourist attractions in Andalusia
Caves of Andalusia
Neanderthal sites
Upper Paleolithic sites in Europe
Nerja
Archaeological sites in Andalusia
Vasant Shankar Davkhare was an Indian politician of the Nationalist Congress Party . He had been the Deputy Chairman of the Maharashtra Legislative Council since 1998 .
On 22 May 2010 Davkhare 's wife died due to massive cardiac arrest . Davkhare died on 4 January 2018 from kidney failure . vasant Davkhare was known for maintaining good relations with all political parties and leaders in Maharashtra.He had good hold on Thane politics in his full career . Shiv Sena Thanes Giant leader Anand Dighe and Vasant Davkhare 's Friendship is idol for all politicians till date from two different parties.Vasant Davkhare was unopposed elected thrice by direct support by Shiv sena Chief late shri . Balasaheb Thackeray.Former Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , Bahujan Vikas Aghadi Chief Hitendra Thakur ( Appa ) were known to be best friends of late . Shri Vasant Davkhare .
References
Nationalist Congress Party politicians from Maharashtra
People from Thane
Marathi politicians
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
Living people
1949 births
Småskär and Finnskär are two closely neighboring islands in the northwest of the Swedish sector of the Bay of Bothnia , in the Luleå archipelago .
Location
Småskär and Finnskär to the east were previously collections of reefs that grew together into islands due to post-glacial rebound .
They can be reached in summer by tour boats from Luleå .
There are about 120 cottages , but despite this there is still much pristine nature .
Småskär has two rental cabins and a sauna located next to the marina .
Environment
On Småskär and the neighboring island of Finnskär there are coniferous forests , deciduous rainforests , old-growth forest , large stands of aspen , wet meadows , wetlands , rocky areas and beaches . The two islands have many excellent habitats for birds , including ponds , shallow bays and old growth forest .
There are about 40 nesting bird species , but no rare species are present .
Småskär and Finnskär are part of a bird sanctuary where it is prohibited to hunt waterfowl and ducks .
The waters to the east of Småskär is the best observation area in the archipelago for seal watching .
History
The fishing village in Kyrkviken on Småskär probably dates from the 1500s .
Luleå was founded in 1621 and Småskär , originally called Rammelholmen , was donated to the people of Luleå by Queen Christina in 1652 .
The chapel at Småskär , built in the 1720s by the residents of Luleå , is the oldest in the archipelago .
It was built in what became known as Chapel Bay . This is probably the location of the original fishing village .
Some of the buildings of that period have inscriptions from the 1700s . Today they are some distance from the water .
Beside the chapel 's altar there is a `` gentry bench '' that was only for priests and the elite . Outside the chapel is an old stone circle , once the place where meetings were held to decide on fines and other penalties for those who did not observe the Sabbath or follow the rules of the parish . Well into the 1900s the town was an important working fishing village . Now it is used only for recreation , and is one of the most popular destinations in the outer Luleå archipelago .
Gallery
References
Citations
Sources
Swedish islands in the Baltic
Islands of Norrbotten County
Lindsay Davenport was the defending champion , but did not compete this year .
Martina Hingis won the title , defeating Monica Seles in the final 7–6 ( 8–6 ) , 4–6 , 6–3 .
Seeds
The first four seeds received a bye into the second round .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main and Qualifying Draws
Toray Pan Pacific Open - Singles
2002 Toray Pan Pacific Open
Memorial Falls are two similar waterfalls in adjacent gorges on small streams near the city of Munising Michigan . The larger falls drop approximately 40 feet . There is a cave behind both falls . There is a small natural arch in the sandstone between the two gorges near the top of the falls . The level of water coming over the falls can vary greatly depending on snow melt or rainfall and the smaller of the two falls are often dry . Memorial Falls are two of the less-advertised and less-maintained falls in the area and are accessed via a trail from a residential street above the falls . An additional trail leads to the bottom of the falls . The falls belong to the Michigan Nature Association . They are very close to Tannery Falls .
Gallery
References
Great Lakes Waterfalls
Waterfalls of Michigan
Protected areas of Alger County , Michigan
Landforms of Alger County , Michigan
that 's life ! is a British women 's magazine founded in 1995 and published by H Bauer UK , a subsidiary of the German Bauer Media Group on a weekly basis , with new issues released every Thursday . The current editor Sophie Hearsey has been in the position since 2010 , joining from sister title Take a Break replacing Jo Checkley when Checkley left to join rival publication Love It ! , owned by Burda Media .
The magazine focuses on a mixture of reader submitted `` true life '' stories , as well as women 's health and lifestyle features , puzzles and competitions , following a similar format to sister title Take a Break , and rival publications such as Chat and Pick Me Up .
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations , during the period between July and December 2019 , the circulation of that 's life ! was 173,472 .
Complaints
In 2015 the title was censured by the Independent Press Standards Organisation after ruling that the magazine had breached the clause on accuracy in the editor 's code of practice , this was as a result of a complaint by Leanne Owens , who had submitted a story to the magazine regarding her difficult pregnancy , but upon publication in an October 2014 issue , the story was found to have several falsities , and was not faithful to what was allegedly discussed with the publication 's journalist . Despite maintaining that care was taken to provide an accurate story , that 's life ! issued a correction and an apology .
References
External links
That 's Life website
1995 establishments in the United Kingdom
Bauer Group ( UK )
Magazines established in 1995
Magazines published in London
Weekly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Women 's magazines published in the United Kingdom
Otto Karl Alexander Mejer ( 27 May 1818 , Zellerfeld – 24 December 1893 , Hanover ) was a German canon law specialist and church historian .
He studied law at the universities of Göttingen , Berlin and Jena , receiving his doctorate at Göttingen in 1841 . While a student in Berlin , he was deeply influenced by the teachings of Friedrich Carl von Savigny . Not long after graduation , he became a lecturer at Göttingen , and in 1845/46 took an extended study trip to Rome .
In 1847 he became a full professor of law at the University of Königsberg , which was followed by professorships at Greifswald ( 1850 ) and Rostock ( 1851 ) . In 1874 he returned as a professor to Göttingen , where he taught classes until his retirement in 1883 . From 1885 to 1893 he was president of the State Consistory at the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Hanover , then the highest-ranking office of the church .
Principal works
Institutionen des gemeinen deutschen Kirchenrechtes , 1845 – Institutions of common German canon law .
Die Propaganda , ihre Provinzen und ihr Recht . Mit besonderer Rücksicht auf Deutschland ( 2 volumes ) , 1853 – Propaganda , provinces and their rights , with a special reference to Germany .
Eine Erinnerung an Barthold Georg Niebuhr , 1867 – In memorance of Barthold Georg Niebuhr .
Lehrbuch des deutschen Kirchenrechts ( 3rd edition , 1869 ) – Textbook of German canon law .
Zur Geschichte der römisch-deutschen Frage ( 3 volumes ) , 1871-75 – History of the Roman-German question . A description involving the development of legal relations between the state and the Catholic Church within the German states .
Febronius , Weihbischof Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim und sein Widerruf , 1880 – Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim and his revocation .
He was also the author of 14 articles in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie .
References
1818 births
1893 deaths
University of Rostock faculty
University of Greifswald faculty
University of Königsberg faculty
University of Göttingen faculty
People from Goslar ( district )
Historians of Christianity
Canon law jurists
German historians of religion
19th-century jurists
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1952–53 season .
League standings
Division 2 Nordöstra 1952–53
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden , approximately above the province of Medelpad , were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season , and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland .
Division 2 Sydvästra 1952–53
References
Sweden - List of final tables ( Clas Glenning )
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately west of Kampinos , west of Ożarów Mazowiecki ( the county seat ) , and west of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Armutveren is a village in the District of Posof , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Posof District
Podemos Andalusia ( ) is the regional and federal branch of Podemos in Andalusia , Spain . In the primary election which concluded on 14 February 2015 , Teresa Rodríguez was elected to be the secretary .
At the Andalusian regional election , 2015 she obtained 15 deputies .
Electoral performance
Parliament of Andalusia
Cortes Generales
Andalusia
* Within Unidos Podemos for Andalusia .
European Parliament
* Within Unidas Podemos Cambiar Europa .
Symbols
Notes
References
Political parties in Andalusia
Andalusia
Sir John Ronald Peddie FRSE FEIS LLD DLitt ( 1887–1979 ) was a 20th-century Scottish educational administrator and author . He was both Secretary and Treasurer of the Carnegie Trust for Scotland .
Life
He was born on 5 January 1887 the son of Richard Dawes Peddie of Grangemouth . He was educated at Grangemouth High School . He then studied at Glasgow University graduating from MA in 1909 and immediately beginning lecturing at the university .
In the First World War he served at the rank of adjutant with Glasgow University 's Officer Training Corps , receiving a military MBE for his work . After the war he was promoted to senior lecturer . 1925 he moved to Teacher Training , as advisor on arts and in 1941 he moved to the Carnegie Trust .
In 1937 he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire by King George VI . In 1942 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh . His proposers were Sir Ernest Wedderburn , James Ritchie , John Edwin MacKenzie , and James Pickering Kendall . He served as the society 's treasurer 1957 to 1967 and as vice president from 1967 to 1970 .
He retired in 1957 and died in Edinburgh on 11 November 1979 .
Family
In 1914 he married Euphemia Scott Houston .
Publications
The British Citizen ( 1920 )
The Carnegie Trust for the Universities of Scotland , 1901-1951 , the first Fifty Years ( 1951 )
References
1887 births
1979 deaths
People from Grangemouth
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
The Fiordland tokoeka or Fiordland kiwi ( Apteryx australis australis ) is a subspecies of southern brown kiwi . It is endemic to New Zealand . Like other ratites , it is flightless .
Morphology
The Fiordland tokoeka is among the largest of southern brown kiwis . It has red-brown feathers that resemble fur . Its wings are small and it has no tail . It has a long , curved bill . The nostrils are at the end of the bill , not at the top near the rest of its face .
Habitat and diet
The Fiordland tokoeka lives in Fiordland and on nearby islands . Its range extends from the Milford Sound to Lake Te Anau to Preservation Inlet .
The adult Fiordland tokoeka is solitary and territorial , fighting other adult kiwis over feeding grounds . It is nocturnal .
Threats
There are about 15,000 Fiordland tokoeka alive . The number of Fiordland kiwis is decreasing because of habitat loss and because invasive species such as stoats , ferrets , dogs , and cats eat adults , chicks , and eggs . However , human beings have begun setting traps for stoats in parts of Fiordland , and the kiwi population has begun to recover .
Breeding
The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log , crack in a rock , or space dug out of the ground . The egg is large and pale green in color . Both the male and female kiwi take turns incubating the egg .
References
Apteryx
Birds of New Zealand
The Yelcho was built in 1906 by the Scottish firm Geo . Brown and Co. of Greenock , on the River Clyde for towage and cargo service of the Chilean Sociedad Ganadera e Industrial Yelcho y Palena , Puerto Montt . In 1908 she was sold to the Chilean Navy and ordered to Punta Arenas as a tug and for periodic maintenance and supply of the lighthouses in that region .
The rescue of the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition
After the dramatic voyage of the James Caird , Ernest Shackleton had attempted and failed three times to rescue the crew left on Elephant Island : the ships Southern Sky ( loaned by the English Whaling Co , 23–31 May 1916 ) , Instituto de Pesca N°1 ( loaned by the Government of Uruguay , 10–16 June 1916 ) and Emma ( a sealer , funded by the British Club , Punta Arenas , 12 July – 8 August 1916 ) all failed to reach Elephant Island .
In July 1916 , Yelcho was authorised by the president of Chile , Juan Luis Sanfuentes , to escort and tow Emma to a point south of Cape Horn . but this third attempt was also unsuccessful .
At dawn on 7 August Yelcho under the command of Captain Luis Pardo was ordered to Port Stanley in order to tug Emma and the British explorers back to Punta Arenas to make a fourth attempt .
The Chilean government offered Yelcho although she was totally unsuited for operations in Antarctic waters . With no radio , no proper heating system , no electric lighting and no double hull the small ship had to cross the of the Drake 's Passage in Antarctic winter .
On 25 August 1916 at 12:15 am , she sailed bound for Elephant Island with 22 men under command of Pardo , carrying Shackleton , Frank Worsley and Tom Crean . After making it safely through the complex tides and channels of the west side of the Tierra del Fuego , Yelcho headed out into the Beagle Channel .
On the 27th at 11:15 am , she arrived at Picton Island , where she bunkered 300 sacks of coal ( a total of 72 tons were in the ship ) from the Puerto Banner Naval Station . The process was completed within only 12 hours and on 28 August at 3:30 pm she weighed anchor and left for Elephant Island . south of Cape Horn the lookout spotted the first icebergs
At 11:40 am on 30 August , the fog lifted and the camp on Elephant Island was spotted , and Yelcho immediately entered the bay . Within an hour , in two trips of a small boat , all the Elephant Island party were safely aboard Yelcho , which sailed for Punta Arenas .
The 23 crew of Yelcho at the rescue was :
Aftermath
After the successful rescue mission of 1916 the name Yelcho has been given to streets and ships of Chile , particularly to Chile 's southernmost coastal Puerto Williams , and it is there that the prow of the Yelcho has been preserved and is prominently displayed as a tribute to Captain Pardo 's ship and crew .
In 1945 , the ship was decommissioned and used as tender in the Petty officer School of the Chilean Navy . On 27 January 1958 Yelcho was retired by decree 190 and in 1962 sold to ASMAR under terms of Law 14.564 ( 5 May 1954 ) for 300,000 CLP .
See also
List of Antarctic exploration ships from the Heroic Age , 1897–1922
References
See also
1906 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Auxiliary ships of the Chilean Navy
Melati may refer to
Melati ( name )
Taman Melati , a township in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia
Taman Melati LRT station
Melati untuk Marvel , Indonesian TV serial
Melati van Agam ( disambiguation )
Would You Like ? is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group WJSN . The album was released digitally and physically on February 25 , 2016 by Starship Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment . The album contains six tracks including the lead single , `` MoMoMo '' and second single `` Catch Me '' , which was composed by Kim Eana and is a blend of several different genres .
The mini-album was a commercial success peaking at number 7 on the Gaon Album Chart . It has sold over 12,701 physical copies as of May 2016 .
Only 12 out of the 13 members were included in this album as Yoo Yeon-jung had yet to join the group . She joined the group in July 2016 .
Background and release
On mid-January , 2016 , Starship Entertainment launched the band 's official website and announced via SNS that the group would debut with the mini-album `` Would You Like ? '' and two title-track `` MoMoMo '' and `` Catch Me '' .
Teasers featuring each of the members for their music video were released from February 17 to 23 , 2016 . On February 25 , the song 's music video were released online and through the Naver V App .
Promotion
WJSN held a live showcase on February 25 , where they performed `` MoMoMo '' and second single track `` Catch Me '' .
The group started promoting their title track `` MoMoMo '' with the b-side `` Catch Me '' on music shows on February 25 . They first performed the songs on Mnet 's M ! Countdown , followed by performances on KBS ' Music Bank , MBC 's Show ! Music Core and SBS 's Inkigayo .
Commercial performance
Would You Like ? entered and peaked at number 7 on the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated February 21–27 , 2016 . In its second week , the EP fell to number 45 , dropping the chart the following week .
The mini-album entered at number 23 on the Gaon Album Chart for the month of February 2016 , peaking at number 18 a month later on March . The EP charted for four consecutive months selling over 12,701 physical copies as of May 2016 .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Release history
References
External links
2016 debut EPs
Dance-pop EPs
Korean-language EPs
Starship Entertainment EPs
Cosmic Girls EPs
Thomas David Reed ( born 29 January 1986 ) is a British judoka .
Judo career
He began his training at Devizes judo club before joining Team Bath 's High-Performance Training Programme in 2003 , aged 16. in 2006 , following a gap year , in which he trained at Tokai University in Japan , he began a degree in Business Administration at the University of Bath . The same year , coached by Jurgan Klinger , he won bronze in the European under 23 Judo Championships in Moscow .
He followed this up in 2007 with a silver at the European under 23 Judo Championships in Salzburg and became champion of Great Britain , winning the half-middleweight division at the British Judo Championships . Following his uncle in becoming a GB judo player , in the following years , Tom Reed placed or medalled in numerous international tournaments and European Cup events , including winning gold medals in the English , Welsh and Scottish opens , a gold in the Swedish open and a silver medal in the London European Cup ( British Open )
In 2012 , he won his second British national championship but missed out on a place in the London 2012 Olympics to the more experienced Euan Burton . Tom had previously lost a match to Burton in the final of the 2009 GB World Cup in Birmingham .
He competed for England in the men 's 81 kg event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a silver medal , losing to fellow England international Owen Livesey .
His efforts to qualify for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games were thwarted by a major elbow injury . In an interview , Reed stated that his elbow was `` getting arthritic and bone fragments had moved into muscle areas '' . In a December 2015 interview with the BBC , Reed stated that though the required surgery was expected to be relatively straight forward and the recovery was only expected to take six weeks , he was still unsure when tit would take place . `` The big question is when I get that surgery . I 'm on a waiting list and have been waiting six months . Now it looks like after Christmas . That will only get me three or four tournaments left in the Olympic qualification [ period ] . ''
This proved to be the case and Reed was left needing 300 points from two remaining tournaments after only managing a 7th place finish in the 2016 African Open . He retired from the sport after failing to qualify shortly thereafter .
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Tokai University alumni
Alumni of the University of Bath
English male judoka
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Judoka at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
Team Bath athletes
The Arna Bontemps African American Museum was a museum in the United States city of Alexandria , Louisiana . The museum was housed in the restored home that was the birthplace of the poet Arna Bontemps , renowned as one of the leaders of the Harlem Renaissance .
The museum and cultural center was located at 1327 3rd Street , and was one of the first 26 featured sites on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail .
See also
List of museums focused on African Americans
References
External links
Official website for the Arna Bontemps African American Museum
Louisiana African American Heritage Trail
African-American history of Louisiana
Louisiana African American Heritage Trail
African-American museums in Louisiana
Museums in Rapides Parish , Louisiana
Poetry museums
Louisiana Creole culture
Buildings and structures in Alexandria , Louisiana
Tourist attractions in Alexandria , Louisiana
Defunct museums in Louisiana
Ivo Ricardo Abreu Vieira ( born 10 January 1976 ) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a defender , currently the manager of Gil Vicente .
He spent his entire playing career with Nacional , where he also began his managerial career in 2011 . He managed six other clubs in the Primeira Liga .
Playing career
Vieira was born in Machico , Madeira . His entire ten-year professional career was spent with local C.D . Nacional , which he represented in all three major levels since being promoted to the main squad at the age of 18 ; during his tenure , he also acted as captain .
From 2002 to 2004 , Vieira competed in the Primeira Liga . His first game in the competition took place on 22 September 2002 , as he came on a last-minute substitute in a 2–0 away win against S.C. Beira-Mar ; in the latter season , he contributed 19 appearances to help his team to a best-ever fourth position .
Coaching career
After retiring at the age of only 28 , Vieira started working as a coach , first being named assistant manager at Nacional under Casemiro Mior . On 14 March 2011 , after a spell with the club 's juniors , he was handed the reins of the first team after Predrag Jokanović was fired . However , he himself was replaced by Pedro Caixinha at the end of October .
On 20 January 2013 , Vieira was announced as the new manager of C.S . Marítimo B , the reserves of neighbouring C.S . Marítimo . In early March 2015 , after Leonel Pontes ' resignation , he was appointed his successor , leading the club to the final of the Taça da Liga the following month later after disposing of FC Porto in the last-four stage ; he resigned on 18 January 2016 , due to poor results .
On 27 May 2016 , Vieira was appointed at Segunda Liga club C.D . Aves for one year . He left on 15 February 2017 , with the team nine points clear in the second promotion place after a run of one point from four games .
Vieira became manager of Académica de Coimbra in May 2017 , stating his aim to end their exile from the top flight . He left in November with the side in sixth and took the helm at G.D. Estoril Praia , leaving after their top-division relegation .
On 28 May 2018 , Vieira signed a one-year deal at Moreirense FC . He left at the end of this contract , having taken the team from Moreira de Cónegos to a best-ever sixth place , and in June 2019 he was hired by neighbours Vitória SC . After finishing seventh in his only season , he announced a sabbatical to spend time with his family .
Vieira was appointed as the manager of Al Wehda Club in the Saudi Professional League on 10 September 2020 . He left by mutual consent the following 2 February , with the side in 10th .
On 8 March 2021 , Vieira returned to his country 's top flight with F.C . Famalicão . He signed a contract of undisclosed length at the club , who were second-from-bottom with 11 games remaining . His team were in contention for a UEFA Europa Conference League place on the final day of the season , eventually missing out but finishing 9th .
Vieira was dismissed on 19 December 2021 , having taken 11 points from 15 games and with Famalicão in 16th . The following 28 June , he replaced Ricardo Soares at Gil Vicente F.C . on a two-year deal .
Managerial statistics
See also
List of one-club men
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Machico , Madeira
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
C.D . Nacional players
Portuguese football managers
Primeira Liga managers
Liga Portugal 2 managers
C.D . Nacional managers
C.S . Marítimo managers
C.D . Aves managers
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F . managers
G.D. Estoril Praia managers
Moreirense F.C . managers
Vitória S.C. managers
F.C . Famalicão managers
Gil Vicente F.C . managers
Saudi Professional League managers
Al-Wehda Club ( Mecca ) managers
Portuguese expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Saudi Arabia
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Homer is an extinct town in Union County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
Homer was platted in 1834 , and for a time its prospects were considered good , but the town had declined by around 1840 . By the 1880s , Homer was already a ghost town .
References
Geography of Union County , Ohio
Ghost towns in Ohio
Mamlyut ( , ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Mamlyutka . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
The 1991 Bausch & Lomb Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Amelia Island Plantation on Amelia Island , Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1991 WTA Tour . It was the 12th edition of the tournament and was held from April 8 through April 14 , 1991 . Gabriela Sabatini won the singles title .
Finals
Singles
Gabriela Sabatini defeated Steffi Graf 7–5 , 7–6 ( 7–3 )
It was Sabatini 's 4th title of the year and the 19th of her career .
Doubles
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario / Helena Suková defeated Mercedes Paz / Natasha Zvereva 4–6 , 6–2 , 6–2
It was Sánchez Vicario 's 2nd title of the year and the 7th of her career . It was Suková 's 3rd title of the year and the 44th of her career .
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Bausch and Lomb Championships
Amelia Island Championships
Bausch & Lomb Championships
Bausch & Lomb Championships
Bausch & Lomb Championships
George Howard Hawes ( 19 October 1881 – 26 October 1934 ) was an English cricketer . Hawes was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium . He was born at Rothwell , Northamptonshire .
Hawes made two first-class appearances for Northamptonshire against Lancashire and the Australian Imperial Forces in 1919 , both at the County Ground , Northampton . In the match against Lancashire he took the wicket of Francis Musson , while in Northamptonshire 's first-innings he was dismissed for a duck by James Tyldesley . Against the Australian Imperial Forces , he scored 12 not out in Northamptonshire 's first-innings , while in their second-innings he was dismissed by Herbie Collins for 4 runs .
According to the London Gazette , Hawes owned a boot manufacturing business , The Albion Boot Co. , as part of a partnership with John Carew Dillon , Alfred Charles Panter and Charles Reuben Panter , however this was dissolved in October 1917 . He died at Desborough , Northamptonshire on 26 October 1934 .
References
External links
George Hawes at ESPNcricinfo
George Hawes at CricketArchive
1881 births
1934 deaths
People from Rothwell , Northamptonshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
20th-century English businesspeople
Saint Nilus may refer to :
Nilus of Palestine ( 3rd century )
Nilus of Sinai ( Nilus the Elder ) ( d. c. 430 )
Nilus the Younger ( Nilus of Rossano ) ( 910 – 1005 )
Nilus of Sora ( c. 1433 – 1508 )
Nilus the Myrrh-streamer ( Nilus the Myrrh-gusher ) ( 1601 – 1651 )
Nilus of Stolbnyi Island ( 16th century )
St. Nilus Island Skete
Agios Nilos , Mount Athos , a monastic settlement named after Nilus the Myrrh-streamer
Czerwonka-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Czerwonka-Folwark
John Henry Murphy ( 1858 – March 7 , 1905 ) was an American professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball in 1884 with Altoona Mountain City and the Wilmington Quicksteps . He was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Sources
1858 births
1905 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Wilmington Quicksteps players
Altoona Mountain Citys players
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Wilmington Quicksteps ( minor league ) players
Trenton Trentonians players
Scranton Indians players
Jersey City Jerseys players
Altoona ( minor league baseball ) players
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1991 season .
Vårserier ( Springseries )
Norra Norrland
Södra Norrland
Östra Svealand
Mellersta Svealand
Östra Götaland
Mellersta Götaland
Västra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Höstserier ( Autumnseries )
Kvalettan Norra
Kvalettan Södra
Hösttvåan Norrland
Östra Svealand
Västra Svealand
Mellersta Götaland
Västra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables ( Clas Glenning )
1991
3
Sweden
Sweden
Sörnäinen ( ; Sörkkä or Sörkka in Helsinki slang ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Helsinki , Finland .
Sörnäinen is located a little more than one kilometre north from the coastal centre of Helsinki , near the district of Hakaniemi . The east side of Sörnäinen borders the sea .
Sörnäinen used to be primarily an industrial district with many shipping companies and warehouses , however , nowadays it is a thriving urban area divided into four districts : Vilhonvuori , Kalasatama , Sompasaari and Hanasaari . It also has two metro stations : Sörnäinen metro station and Kalasatama metro station in the Kalasatama quarter .
The headquarters of Senate Properties ( Senaatti-kiinteistöt ) is located in Sörnäinen . Also the Helsinki Prison located there .
Etymology
The name `` Sörnäinen '' comes from the Swedish name `` Södernäs '' ( `` Southern cape '' ) and was first mentioned in the foundation document for the New Helsinki in 1639 , although the name is probably much older . At the time , there were plans to relocate the city to the area of present-day Sörnäinen . In the end , the city was relocated to Vironniemi instead . Already in the 18th century the name Södernäs had changed to the dialectical form Sörnäs on maps . In Finnish , the name was first used as `` Sörnäsi '' in the late 19th century and then as `` Söörnäinen '' in the early 20th century . In 1928 it was officially established as Sörnäinen - Sörnäs .
In Helsinki slang the area is known by the names Sörkka and Sörkkä . These names probably come from the Swedish language slang name Sörckan .
History
Birth of the harbour
In the early 19th century the area of present-day Sörnäinen consisted of countryside , although there was already a brick factory in Lintulahti at the time . Sörnäinen began to industrialise in 1825 , when the city ordered factories and workspaces to be located on the edges of the city because of danger of fires . Building the street Itäinen Viertotie ( now known as Hämeentie ) from Siltasaari to Kumpula in the 1850s was important for the development of the eastern part of the city proper . Factories rose on the eastern side of the street and residential buildings on the western side . The largest continuous industrial area formed on the Sörnäinen shore when the Sörnäinen harbour was built there . Finland 's first harbour track , the Sörnäinen harbour rail , was built in 1863 . The track led from Pasila to the Sörnäinen harbour along Teollisuuskatu . This started the rapid growth of Sörnäinen .
The harbour was expanded by the growth of exports in the 1860s and 1870s . In 1889 Finland 's first oil harbour was built in the area , but it was later moved to Herttoniemi because of fire security reasons in 1938 . The harbour switched from export to import in the late 19th century , when the forestry export started to travel via Kotka and Vyborg .
Other industry
Sörnäinen has been a central area in electricity production . The Suvilahti power plant was taken into use in 1909 . The plant of the Hanasaari Power Plant was built in 1960 and the B plant was built in 1974 . The plant was dismantled in 2008 , but the B plant is still in operation .
Early industrial facilities of the area include the Kokos factory built in 1911 , which represented the same architectural age and style as the Suvilahti power plant . The factory made soap and margarine from coconut fat . In 1926 the premises were bought by Kone , which used them to make elevators . Kone moved away from the premises in 1967 . The logistically outdated premises were left empty and were bought by the working class oriented building company Haka to be dismantled , but the youth of the city squatted the premises in 1990 . After the squat the Kokos factory was closed down , and the Helsinki Theatre Academy has worked at the premises since 2000 . The economic activity of the working class was concentrated on Sörnäinen for a long time : premises located in the area included OTK-EKA 's and Elanto 's red brick headquarters designed by Väinö Vähäkallio in the 1920s as well as storehouses , logistics , Elanto 's main bakery , the main mill of OTK , a coffee roaster and other activities . The premises have since been converted into apartments , offices and academic premises . After the industry moved away , the Partek headquarters were built on Sörnäisten rantatie , whose exhibition space has been converted to the library of the working class movement .
Urban construction spread from Sörnäinen to Kallio , when a group of industrialists founded a joint-stock company to house their workers , which caused a row of `` corporate villas '' to be built . Large numbers of workers lived in the villas . Many of the apartments lacked a toilet and entire families of four people could live in a single small room . These proletariat conditions gave rise to the Helsinki slang in the early 20th century .
Near the Sörnäinen harbour , along both sides of Sörnäisten rantatie , there have been many factories , for example Kone- ja Siltarakennus and the Elanto factories . The area has included the Suvilahti gas plant and the Hanasaari Power Plant which is still active .
Residential use
The city proper gradually grew too tight for industrial activities , which moved away to the suburbs . Converting old industrial premises to residential areas started in Merihaka in the 1970s and is still ongoing . A new Lintulahti residential area has been built on the old industrial area of Sörnäinen , as well as jobs , cultural services and the Helsinki Theatre Academy . The Sörnäinen harbour , which had been in use for over a century , was shut down in November 2008 after the completion of the Vuosaari Harbour . The immediate surroundings are being developed in accordance of the changed nature of the area .
Along with the rest of the city proper , Sörnäinen , Alppiharju and Kallio are among the most tightly-built areas in Helsinki and in the whole of Finland . The percentage of small apartments is the largest in Helsinki : a whole 80 percent . Because of the small size of the apartments , most of the residents are young adults living alone , or elder or childless couples .
A new marine Kalasatama area is being built as part of the eastern part of the city proper in the Sörnäinen harbour area and its surroundings from the 2010s to the 2030s . It will house 25 thousand inhabitants and 10 thousand jobs . The old harbour areas of Sompasaari and Nihti are also being converted into residential areas .
Traffic
In the eastern part of the city proper , the number of cars in proportion to the population is the smallest in the entire city of Helsinki . The area is well served with basic services which are often close by . The Sörnäinen area is served by almost all bus lines going from the city centre to northeastern and eastern Helsinki as well as eastern Vantaa , along with several through-city lines . Particularly the so-called Sörnäinen curve is a traffic hub for many public transport lines . Many Helsinki tram lines run along Hämeentie , and the Sörnäinen metro station was taken into use and the Kalasatama metro station in 2007 . The public transport connections from the area to all around the capital region are excellent .
See also
Hermanni ( Helsinki )
Kalasatama
Merihaka
Suvilahti
References
External links
Bruno Hofstätter ( born 14 May 1963 ) is an Austrian biathlete . He competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Austrian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Austria
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Lienz
Sportspeople from Tyrol ( state )
ALIF ( Attaque libératoire de l'infanterie féministe , English : Liberation Attack of the Feminist Infantry ) is the pioneer female hip hop trio of Hip Hop Galsen . Emerging in the late mid-1990s , ALIF offered a feminine and feminist flavour to Hip Hop Galsen encouraging women to play their part in the movement . The group split beginning of 2010 after thirteen years .
Biography
In 1997 , Myrièm ( Marième Diallo ) , Njaayaa ( Ndiaya Gueye ) and Oumy ( Oumy Ndiaye ) created ALIF , the first female hip hop trio emerging on Hip Hop Galsen scene . ALIF initially started like most of Senegalese hip hop artists as dancers first . They were supported by pioneer hip hop artists such as Awadi ( PBS ) , Xuman ( Pee Froiss ) or the group Daara J . In 1999 , ALIF released its debut album , “ Viktim ” , a production of the Senegalese hip hop label Optimist Produktion . With this cassette , ALIF marks the official entry of women in Hip Hop Galsen .
After several different compilations ( Asbef , Dakar Raps ) featuring ( Awadi , Chaka Bab 's ) , ALIF released its second album in 2004 , this time produced by a German label , Out/Here Records . In “ Dakamerap ” , ALIF reaffirms its constant engagement in favour of the women cause and their rights . They tackled issues such as polygamy and forced marriage , rapping in French , English and Wolof . This second album was greeted with huge success both locally and internationally , allowing the female trio to tour throughout Europe ( Germany , Austria , Switzerland , Italy ) .
In 2006 , the group reconfigured itself . Njaayaa left the trio in order to work on solo projects and was replaced by a young singer , Mamy ( Ndèye Oumi Mbaye ) . The group released a third album in 2008 . “ Rareti ” distinguishes itself from the previous productions for its combination of rap and mbalax ( popular Senegalese musical genre rendered famous by Youssou N'dour ) . “ Rareti ” proved to be the last release of the trio , who announced its separation early in 2010 .
Discography
1999 – Viktim
2004 – Dakamerap
2008 – Rareti
Distinction / Affiliation
United Artists for African Rap ( AURA )
References
External links
Mondomix Music Magazine
Out/Here Records official website
Senegalese hip hop groups
Paulo Renato Paim ( born March 15 , 1950 ) is a Brazilian steelworker turned politician . He served as a federal deputy from Rio Grande do Sul for the Workers ' Party ( Partido dos Trabalhadores – PT ) from 1987 to 2002 . On 2002 , he was elected Senator from the same state . Re-elected in 2010 , he is currently the only Afro-Brazilian Senator . He also served as Vice-President of trade union center Central Única dos Trabalhadores ( CUT ) from 1984 to 1986 .
Early life
Paulo Renato Paim was born in Caxias do Sul , Rio Grande do Sul , on March 15 , 1950 . He became a trained steelworker after receiving a professional education degree from SENAI . Paim worked on Abramo Eberle and Forjasul metallurgical factories before becoming the president of the Canoas steelworkers trade union on 1981 . Two years later , he became Secretary-General of the Central Única dos Trabalhadores , prior to becoming the Vice-President of that same organization on 1984 .
Political career
In 1985 , Paim became a member of the Workers ' Party ( Partido dos Trabalhadores – PT ) and , in the following year , became a federal deputy for the party . As a constituent deputy , he would engage in the writing of the current Constitution of Brazil however he and his party ( Partido dos Trabalhadores – PT ) did not sign nor approve that Constitution to this day . From 1989 to 1991 , Paim was the deputy leader for the PT in the Chamber of Deputies . From 1993 to 1994 , he was the head of the Chamber 's Labour , Administration and Public Service committee . In 1997 , he authored a bill which would be enacted by President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva as the Elderly Statute , a set of laws which guarantees the rights of elderly people in Brazil . He became nationally known after the adoption of US $ 100 minimum wage , which he had proposed . Paim would later spark controversy , in 2001 , after he ripped a copy of the Constitution as a protest to a bill seeking to change the Consolidation of Labor Laws .
In 2002 , Paim was elected to the Federal Senate after a close race with fellow party member Emília Fernandes , the Senator for Rio Grande do Sul . From 2003 to 2005 , he was Vice-President of the Senate . From 2007 to 2009 , he was President of the upper house 's Human Rights and Participative Legislation committee . In the Senate , Paim became known for defending higher pension checks for retired people . In 2010 , Paim was re-elected Senator for Rio Grande do Sul with almost 34 % of the valid votes . He received over 3.8 million votes ; 479,000 more than Governor Tarso Genro , a fellow member of PT .
References
External links
Paulo Paim 's official website
Living people
Afro-Brazilian people
1950 births
Brazilian politicians of African descent
Members of the Federal Senate ( Brazil )
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Brazil ) from Rio Grande do Sul
Workers ' Party ( Brazil ) politicians
People from Caxias do Sul
2 Autumns , 3 Winters ( ) is a 2013 French film written and directed by Sébastien Betbeder .
Plot
The story is narrated by each of the major characters . At the beginning , 33-year-old Arman ( Macaigne ) decides to change his life . For starters , he takes up jogging , which is how he has his first meeting with Amélie ( Wyler ) .
Cast
Vincent Macaigne as Arman
Maud Wyler as Amélie
Bastien Bouillon as Benjamin
Audrey Bastien as Katia
Thomas Blanchard as Jan
Pauline Etienne as Lucie
as Arman 's father
as Guillaume
as Hazuki
Loïc Hourcastagnon as the small ninja
Emmanuel Demonsant as the big ninja
Philippe Crespeau as Benjamin 's father
Marie-Claude Roulin as Benjamin 's mother
as the skater
Jérôme Thibault as the doctor
Release
The Marchers had theatrical showings in North America as part of the Rendez-vous with French Cinema series 2014 program .
Critical response
Jordan Mintzer of The Hollywood Reporter called it a `` low-key kind of dramedy '' and a `` quirky French indie that gets by more on style and sass than on its storytelling skills , [ ... ] With endearing performances and crafty 16mm imagery , but also a tad too many winks to the camera , this Cannes ACID sidebar selection should see additional fest and niche art-house play '' .
Ronnie Scheib of Variety commented that `` [ i ] n Sebastien Betbeder 's playfully arty 2 Autumns , 3 Winters , three protagonists offer self-conscious riffs on their every thought and action , directly addressing the camera to describe past happenings , present happenings or what 's about to occur momentarily . Mundane actions , trite exchanges and life-altering events all undergo the same literary alchemy , creating a matter-of-fact , Woody Allen-ish sense of complicity with the viewer . Maintaining a bemused , sometimes comic distance , Betbeder traces how happenstance crystallizes into biography as his characters traverse the titular seasons , with results that will delight some and alienate others . ''
Mike Russell of The Oregonian gave it a ' B ' grade saying `` [ a ] fair amount of traumatic stuff happens in 2 Autumns , 3 Winters [ ... b ] ut writer/director Sébastien Betbeder 's French seriocomic romance still feels light ( or emotionally distant , depending on ) , thanks to the film 's fusillade of stylistic tics . ''
References
External links
2 Autumns , 3 Winters at Allocine
( with English subtitles )
2013 films
2013 romantic comedy films
French romantic comedy films
2010s French-language films
Films set in Paris
Films set in the 2010s
Films shot in France
2010s French films
Manuscripts Do n't Burn ( , translit . Dast-Neveshtehaa Nemisoozand ) is a 2013 Iranian drama film directed by Mohammad Rasoulof about a failed attempt to kill a busload of Iranian writers in 1996 . It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Prize . It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival .
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an aggregate score of 93 % based on 25 positive and 2 negative critic reviews . The website consensus reads : `` Brave , challenging , and brimming with rage , Manuscripts Do n't Burn is a political statement as much as it is a gripping thriller . ''
References
External links
2013 films
2013 drama films
2010s Persian-language films
Iranian drama films
Drazin may refer to :
People
Israel Drazin , US Brigadier General
Michael P. Drazin , an American mathematician
Drazin inverse , mathematical theory by Michael P. Drazin
Philip Drazin , a British mathematician
Places
Dražin Do , a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Drazin , Iran , a village in Kerman Province , Iran
See also
Draza ( disambiguation )
Draža ( given name )
Dražan ( disambiguation )
Dražen ( disambiguation )
Dražen ( given name )
Czarnów-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Florence E. Moog BS , MS , PhD ( 1915 – 1986 ) was a biologist known for her research of enzymes in the intestinal tract , which was used by pediatricians to study how lungs mature in premature babies and to develop a therapy for premature infants to bring about normal lung functioning .
Education
Moog earned her undergraduate degree from New York University and master 's and doctorate degrees from Columbia University .
Career
Moog joined the faculty at Washington University in St. Louis as a research associate in zoology in 1942 . In 1974 , she was named Charles Rebstock Professor Emeritus of Biology . She chaired the Department of Biology from 1975 to 1977 . At Washington University , she taught undergraduate and graduate level courses in the physiological and biochemical aspects of vertebrate development and developed a study course on comparative anatomy and embryology , which received national recognition and became a model of its kind throughout the country . Having been at the university for 42 years , she retired in 1984 .
Research
Moog won international attention for her pioneering and long-term investigations of enzymes in the intestinal tract . Her research of an enzyme found in the surface membrane of the intestine and how phosphate affected the development of the intestinal tract was used by pediatricians to study how lungs mature in embryos and premature babies . Her work is considered as one of several significant factors that contributed to the development of a therapy for premature infants to bring about normal lung function .
In 1949 , Moog published Structure and Development of the Vertebrates .
Writing
A gifted writer , Moog was a contributor to Scientific American . In 1959 , she began editing Nuclear Information , the monthly readership for which increased steadily under her guidance . One of her most famous contributions was her 1959 analysis of what would happen if St. Louis were under a full nuclear attack ( `` Nuclear War in St. Louis : One Year Later '' ) . Her `` fictional , almost clinical account of the deaths from radiation and fire , contaminated food and water , blindness , disease , and of the destruction of the city 's infrastructure '' was reprinted in the Saturday Review and as an individual document with 45,000 copies in print by the next decade .
Honors and Awards
Moog 's article `` The Biology of Old Age , '' published in Scientific American , won the Westinghouse Prize for distinguished science writing in magazines in 1948 .
In 1981 , Moog received Washington University 's Distinguished Faculty Award .
In 1983 , Moog was honored by Washington University with the establishment of an endowed scholarship in her name , the Florence Moog Fellowship in Biological Sciences and Chemistry , a full-tuition , merit-based scholarship for incoming students selected for the Honorary Scholars Program in the College of Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis .
Activism
Moog took up the cause of women 's liberation and asserted that too few members of advisory committees of the National Institutes of Health were women . In 1971 , Moog wrote the article , `` Male Bias of the NIH , '' which was published in Science . As a result , a directive by Eliot L. Richardson , then Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , declared that `` at least one-third of all nominees or appointees for committees shall be women , assuming qualified women are available to fill vacancies . ''
Personal life
Moog had one brother , George . Her nephew was Robert Moog , the inventor of the Moog synthesizer .
References
1915 births
1986 deaths
People from St. Louis County , Missouri
American biologists
American women biologists
Women activists
New York University alumni
Columbia University alumni
20th-century biologists
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
Sega Race TV is a racing game for the Sega Lindbergh arcade system board . It was released on February 19 , 2008 in Japan , July 4 , 2008 in the US and on March 13 , 2009 in Europe .
Featured cars
The eight cars featured in the game are Ford Mustang GT , Chevrolet Camaro Concept , Chevrolet Corvette C3 Stingray , Plymouth HEMI Cuda , Mazda MX-5 , Mitsubishi Eclipse , Ruf RK Roadster , Plymouth Prowler and Mercury Convertible , all exist in convertible forms . All can be customized , and customized cars can be obtained through passwords in an arcade cabinet .
Development
This was the only game Yu Suzuki was successfully able to complete after his departure from Sega AM2 , the other two projects that he worked on Psy-Phi and Shenmue Online were never released .
Sega Race TV was Suzuki 's last game with Sega , after which he established his own studio YS.NET and subsequently retired from the company .
References
External links
Official website
Sega Race TV at GameFAQs
2008 video games
Racing video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Sega arcade games
Video games developed in Japan
Sieraków ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately north of Izabelin , north of Ożarów Mazowiecki , and north-west of Warsaw .
The village has an approximate population of 450 .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Epicoma melanospila , the black spot moth , is a moth of the family Notodontidae . It was first described by Wallengren in 1860 and it is found in Australia .
The larvae feed on Callistemon , Eucalyptus , Leptospermum and Kunzea species .
References
Thaumetopoeinae
Debelin is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali . In 1998 the commune had a population of 4,990 .
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Career Development or Career Development Planning refers to the process an individual may undergo to evolve their occupational status . It is the process of making decisions for long term learning , to align personal needs of physical or psychological fulfillment with career advancement opportunities . Career Development can also refer to the total encompassment of an individual 's work-related experiences , leading up to the occupational role they may hold within an organization .
Career Development can occur on an individual basis or an organizational level .
Career Development Planning
On an individual basis , career planning encompasses a process in which the individual is self-aware of their personal needs and desires for fulfillment in their personal life , in conjunction with the career they hold . While every person 's experiences are unique , this contributes to the different careers that people will acquire over their lifespan .
Long Term Careers
Careers that are long-term commitments throughout an individual 's life are referred to as 'Steady-State Careers . ' The person will work towards their retirement with specialized skillsets learned throughout their entire life . For example , somebody would be required to complete a steady process of graduating from medical school and then working in the medical profession until they have retired . Steady-state careers may also be referred to as holding the same occupational role in an organization for an extended period and becoming specialized in the area of expertise . A retail manager who has worked in the sales industry for an extended period of their life would have the knowledge , skills , and attributes regarding managing non-managerial staff and coordinating job tasks to be fulfilled by subordinates .
A career that requires new initiatives of growth and responsibility upon accepting new roles can be referred to as 'Linear Careers , ' as every unique opportunity entails a more significant impact of responsibility and decision-making power on an organizational environment . A linear career path involves a vertical movement in the hierarchy of management when one is promoted . For example , a higher-level management position in a company would entail more responsibility regarding decision-making and allocation of resources to effectively and efficiently run a company . Mid-level managers and top-level managers/CEOs would be referred to as having linear careers , as their vertical movement in the organizational hierarchy would also entail more responsibilities for planning , controlling , leading , and organizing managerial tasks .
Short Term Careers
When individuals take on a short term or temporary work , these are 'Transitory Careers ' and 'Spiral Careers ' . Transitory Careers occur when a person undergoes frequent job changes , in which each task is not similar to the preceding one . For example , a fast-food worker who leaves the food industry after a year to work as an entry-level bookkeeper or an administrative assistant in an office setting is a Transitory Career change . The worker 's skills and knowledge of their previous job role will not be relevant to their new role .
A spiral career is any series of short term jobs that are non-identical to one another , but still contribute to skill-building of a specific attribute that individuals will accept over their lifetime . Many individuals can undergo slight career transitions or accept short-term contract work in the same work field , to develop different skill sets needed for them to succeed in an organizational environment . For example , an individual with a degree in Business hired to do 'project management ' in one area of a department can be promoted or transferred to complete another task in the same department to work on 'marketing ' .
Career Development Perspectives- Individual versus Organizational Needs
An individual 's personal initiatives that they pursue for their career development are primarily concerned with their personal values , goals , interests , and the path required to fulfill these desires . A degree of control and sense of urgency over a personal career development path can require an individual to pursue additional education or training initiatives to align with their goals . In relation , John L. Holland 's 6 career anchors categorizes people to be investigative , realistic , artistic , social , enterprising , and conventional , in which the career path will depend on the characteristic that an individual may embody . The more aware an individual is of their personality type , the better alignment of career development and opportunities they may obtain .
The factors that influence an individual to make proper career goal decisions also relies on the environmental factors that are directly affecting them . Decisions are based on varying aspects affecting work-life balance , desires to align career options with their personal values , and the degree of stimulation or growth .
A corporate organization can be sufficient in providing career development opportunities through the Human Resources functions of Training and Development . The primary purpose of Training and Development is to ensure that the strategic planning of the organizational goals will remain adaptable to the demands of a changing environment . Upon recruiting and hiring employees , an organization 's Human Resource department is responsible for providing clear job descriptions regarding the job tasks at hand required for the role , along with the opportunities of job rotation , transfers , and promotions . Hiring managers are responsible for ensuring that the subordinates are aware of their job tasks , and ensure the flow of communication remains efficient . In relation , managers are also responsible for nurturing and creating a favorable work environment to work in , to foster the long term learning , development , and talent acquisition of their subordinates . Consequently , the extent to which a manager embraces the delegation of training and developing their employees plays a key factor in the retention and turnover of employees .
Relative Context of Social Identity in Career Planning
As the process of career planning is relational to balancing the varying factors of demands in an individual 's life , socio-demographics factors relating to an individual 's age , race , gender , and socio-economic status may influence the extent to which they pursue career planning or other opportunities for training and development of skills . The varying aspects of social identity in relation to the context of finding a balance to the demands in personal life will influence individuals to make decisions to change , adapt , or abandon their career path .
Both men and women for example , will make different types of decisions based on the situational factors that require balance . Women tend to make more choices to balance work and non-work priorities such as child or elder care . This may also discourage some women to pursue their career path , and focus on prioritizing assistance for others . Men will make decisions based on not only having to balance work and non-work priorities , but for advancement and added income .
Figures in career development
Jesse B. Davis
John L. Holland
Frank Parsons
Edgar Schein
See also
Employment counselor
Holland Codes
Occupational Outlook Handbook
Personality psychology
Global Career Development Facilitator ( GCDF )
References
Business terms
LG K62 is a mid-range Android smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics , announced and released in September 2020 and released worldwide in November 2020 , along with LG K22 , LG K42 and LG K52 released in September 2020 , as the 4th phone for the 6th generation of the LG K series phones lineup . The phone is similar to its predecessor , LG K61 . But it has 28 MP front camera , flaunts a smooth , silky matte glass finish that 's fingerprint resistant , fingerprint sensor on the side , LG 3D Sound Engine , wide-screen display with 20:9 ratio and the camera arranged on a square along with the dual-LED flash sensor , similar to the Samsung Galaxy A12 's camera array .
Specifications
Design
The LG K62 measures itself 165 x 76.7 x 8.4 mm ( 6.50 x 3.02 x 0.33 in ) and weigh 186 g ( 6.56 oz ) . It is available only either with White , Sky Blue or Red .
Display
The LG K62 has a wide 6.6-inch Infinity-O IPS LCD display , with 720 x 1600 pixels resolution and 20:9 aspect ratio , ~83.1 % screen-to-body ratio , ~266 ppi density .
Hardware
The LG K62 is powered by the chipset Mediatek MT6765 Helio P35 ( 12 nm ) , an Octa-core ( 4x2.3 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 ) CPU and a PowerVR GE8320 GPU . It runs on Android 10 , with LG UX 9.1 .
Camera
The LG K62 has a 4 AI cameras array arranged on a square , similar to that design of Samsung Galaxy A12 's camera array , along with a dual-LED flash sensor .
48 megapixels , f/1.8 ( standard ) , 1/2.0 '' , 0.8 µm with PDAF
5 megapixels , f/2.2 , 115˚ ( ultra wide , x0.5 ) , 1/5.0 '' , 1.12 µm
2 megapixels , f/2.4 , ( macro )
2 megapixels , f/2.4 , ( depth )
The LG K62 also has 28 megapixels punch-hole camera on the front .
References
Smartphones
K62
Mobile phones introduced in 2020
Android ( operating system ) devices
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Arbanum is a town , former bishopric and present titular see in present Albania .
Latin bishopric
Arbanum was established circa 1100 as Diocese of Arbano ( or Albania ) , suffragan of the Metropolitan Archbishopric of Durrës ( Italian Durazzo ) .
It was suppressed in 1640 , its territory being merged into that of its Metropolitan , the Archdiocese of Durrës ( Durazzo ) , to which its last incumbent was appointed .
Episcopal Ordinaries
( all Roman Rite )
Suffragan Bishops of Arbano
( incomplete : first centuries unavailable )
Giacomo ( 1357.01.07 – ? )
Dionigi ( ? – ? )
Domenico Progoni ( 1369.11.21 – ? )
Andrea ( ? – death 1370 ? )
Giovanni Lourlis , Dominican Order ( O.P . ) ( 1370.06.28 – ? )
Gregorio da Venezia , Conventual ? Franciscans ( O.F.M . ) ( 1385 ? – ? )
Pietro ( ? – ? )
Giovanni da Trieste , O.F.M . ( 1391.03.01 – ? )
Francesco Petri , Cistercians ( O . Cist . ) ( 1394.09.07 – ? )
Andrea de Rhegino , O.P . ( ? – death 1397.10.06 )
Tommaso Butyller ( ? – 1401.05.16 ) , later Bishop of Ugento ( Italy ) ( 1401.05.16 – death 1405 )
Giorgio , Benedictine Order ( O.S.B . ) ( 1402.01.30 – ? )
Vulcano Suinti , O.S.B . ( 1412.03.28 – ? )
Andrea Sume ( 1426.05.10 – ? ) , previously Bishop of Lezhë ( Albania ) ( 1405.10.05 – 1426.05.10 )
Andrea de Suincis ( 1441.06.12 – ? )
Nicola ( 1463.10.05 – ? )
Angelo da Macerata ( 1494.10.01 – death 1506 )
Giovanni Corona , O.P . ( 1506.06.24 – death 1515 )
Giovanni Montalbo ( 1518.03.03 – ? )
Ludovico Vivaldi , O.P . ( 1519.09.19 – ? )
Pedro de Torres ( 1540.08.27 – ? )
Domenico Bigorrei ( 1554.11.19 – ? )
Giovanni Collesius , O.F.M . ( 1615.08.31 – death 1625 ) , also Coadjutor Bishop of Duvno ( Bosnia and Herzegovina ) ( 1615.08.31 – 1625 )
Marcus Scura , O.F.M . ( 1635.10.01 – 1640.09.10 ) , later Archbishop of Durrës ( Durazzo , Albania ) ( 1640.09.10 – death 1656.04.27 )
Titular see
The diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as Titular bishopric of Arbanum ( Curiate Italian Arbano ) .
It has had the following incumbents , of the lowest ( episcopal ) rank :
Titular Bishop Giuseppe Perniciaro ( 1937.10.26 – 1967.07.12 )
Titular Bishop Jules-Louis-Paul Harlé ( 1970.10.12 – 1999.01.24 )
Titular Bishop Erminio De Scalzi ( 1999.05.11 – ... ) , Auxiliary Bishop of Milan ( o ) ( Italy )
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Albania
Roman Catholic Suburbicarian Diocese of Albano , near Rome
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic with incumbent bio links
Catholic titular sees in Europe
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Albania
Otbiçen , Ardahan ( Kurdish : Kimilo ) is a village in the District of Ardahan , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Gashi may refer to :
Gashi ( tribe ) , a major historical tribe of northern Albania
Gashi ( surname ) , a surname associated with the tribe
Gashi ( rapper ) , an American rapper
See also
Gashi , Iran ( disambiguation ) , places in Iran
Mado Gashi , a small town in Kenya
Gaši , a Serbo-Croatian version of Gashi
Innocent Thing ( ) , a South Korean film
Max Johann Leuthe ( 25 August 1879 – 2 December 1945 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1903 to 1905 .
References
External links
1879 births
1945 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Footballers from Vienna
First Vienna FC players
Wiener AC players
The 2010–11 Southern Conference men 's basketball season featured twelve teams competing in two divisions for regular season and tournament titles . Both divisions ended in a tie for the division lead , with the North being shared between Chattanooga and Western Carolina and the South claimed by both College of Charleston and Wofford . Wofford claimed the 2011 Southern Conference men 's basketball tournament championship .
Awards
Player of the Year
Andrew Goudelock , College of Charleston
Defensive of the Year
Richie Gordon , Western Carolina
Freshman of the Year
Trey Simler , Western Carolina
Coach of the Year
Bobby Cremins , College of Charleston
All Conference Team
Omar Carter , Appalachian State
Donald Sims , Appalachian State
Andrew Goudelock , College of Charleston
Donavan Monroe , College of Charleston
Cameron Wells , The Citadel
Chris Long , Elon
Amu Saaka , Furman
Omar Wattad , Chattanooga
Mike Williams , Western Carolina
Noah Dahlman , Wofford
All Freshman Team
Trent Wiedeman , College of Charleston
Lucas Troutman , Elon
Eric Ferguson , Georgia Southern
Trevis Simpson , UNCG
Trey Sumler , Western Carolina
References
Carolin `` Cal '' Bouchard ( born 27 November 1977 ) is a Canadian former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Bouchard was born in Richmond , British Columbia .
References
1977 births
Living people
Canadian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Canada
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Zarck Visser ( born 15 September 1989 ) is a South African athlete specialising in the long jump . He won silver medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games , as well as two medals at the African Championships .
His personal bests in the event are 8.41 metres outdoors ( Bad Langensalza 2015 ) and 7.93 metres indoors ( Sopot 2014 ) .
Competition record
References
1989 births
Living people
South African Christians
South African male long jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for South Africa
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
World Athletics Championships athletes for South Africa
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of South Africa
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
Michel Meunier is a professor of engineering physics and biomedical engineering at Polytechnique Montréal , a position has he held since 1986 . He was recently the acting director of the Department of Engineering Physics from 2019 to 2020 . He is the director of the Laser Processing and Plasmonics Laboratory ( LP2L ) , which he founded in 1988 , whose mission is to develop diagnostic and therapeutic technologies based on plasmonics and the optical properties of colloidal nanoparticles .
University education
Michel Meunier received his B.Eng . and M.A.Sc . in engineering physics from Polytechnique Montréal in 1978 and 1980 , respectively , and his doctorate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1984 .
Career
Michel Meunier has been a professor of Engineering Physics at Polytechnique Montréal since 1986 and was the interim director of the Department of Engineering Physics for the years 2019/2020 .
Research
Holder of a Canada Research Chair from 2002 to 2016 , Prof. Michel Meunier is recognized for his research in the field of nanotechnology and laser-matter interaction for medical applications . He is notably one of the developers of optoporation , which consists of carrying out cell gene transfection using an ultra-fast pulsed laser ( femtosecond laser ) and of plasmonic nanoparticles , typically gold or gold-silver alloy .
The activities of his laboratory , the LP2L , mainly focuses on four research axes :
Femtosecond engineering
Biomedical nanophotonics
Plasmonic nanobiomarker imaging
Laser nanosurgery
Entrepreneurship
Michel Meunier is one of the cofounders of the company LTRIM Technologies , Inc. , founded in 1998 . Notably , LTRIM Technologies has commercialized a new laser trimming technique for analog circuits .
Michel Meunier is a joint holder of a patent granted in 2015 for the chemical synthesis of spherical gold-silver alloy nanoparticles used as biomarkers .
He is also one of the cofounders of the start-up VEGA BioImaging in 2021 , which specializes in the detection and characterization of plasmonic nanoparticles in solution or in a cellular environment .
Prizes and distinctions
1989 : Prize for research and teaching awarded by the Director General of Polytechnique Montréal .
2002 - 2009 : Canada Research Chair
2007 : Synergy Prize awarded by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada for innovation and exceptional industry collaboration . This award recognizes his participation in the founding of LTRIM technologies , a company that commercialized a new laser trimming technique for analog circuits .
2009–present : Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering , awarded in particular for his contributions in the field of laser technology .
2010 : Fellow of the Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers ( SPIE )
2012 : Fellow of the Optical Society ( OSA )
2009 - 2016 : Renewal of the Canada Research Chair
2016 : Prix Guy Rocher awarded by the Ministry of Education of Quebec for his exceptional qualifications in university teaching in Quebec
References
Canadian biomedical engineers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Canada Research Chairs
Fellows of the Optical Society
Fellows of SPIE
Fellows of the Canadian Academy of Engineering
Polytechnique Montréal alumni
Polytechnique Montréal faculty
Blizne Łaszczyńskiego is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately east of Stare Babice , north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki , and west of Warsaw .
The village has a population of 813 .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Wassoulou-Ballé is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The administrative center ( chef-lieu ) of the commune is the town of Yanfolila . The town is also the administrative center of the cercle . It lies 272 km west of Sikasso , 164 km south of Bamako and 23 km from the border with Guinea . The commune covers an area of 1,594 square kilometers and includes the town of Yanfolila and 29 villages . In the 2009 census it had a population of 51,727 .
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Günlüce , Posof is a village in the District of Posof , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Posof District
Azad News is a Hindi-language 24/7 news television channel . The channel is a free-to-air . The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online .
References
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2008
Hindi-language television stations
Television channels based in Noida
Whippersnapper or whipper snapper is a young , impertinent and irritatingly overconfident person . It may also refer to :
Whippersnapper ( band ) , an English folk group
`` Whipper Snapper '' , a song by LaVern Baker
Whipper-snapper , another name for Stunner ( professional wrestling ) , a wrestling move
The Whippersnapper , the 1970s advertising mascot for Kellogg 's Corn Pops
The Merrill Lynch US High Yield Master II Index ( H0A0 ) is a commonly used benchmark index for high-yield corporate bonds . It is administered by Merrill Lynch . The Master II is a measure of the broad high yield market , unlike the Merrill Lynch BB/B Index , which excludes lower-rated securities .
History
The High Yield Master II Index came into being in 1989 . Martin Fridson , who then headed Merrill Lynch 's high yield bond research department , brought a problem to the attention of Phil Galdi , who was responsible for bond indexes . The existing High Yield Master Index excluded two types of issues that were becoming popular because of the boom in leveraged buyout financing , zero-coupon bonds and payment-in-kind ( PIK ) bonds . Galdi 's solution was to maintain the existing rules for the Master Index , but to create a new index that included `` zeros '' and PIKs . The new Master II was introduced with retroactive data that extended its history back to August 31 , 1986 .
See also
Martin Fridson
Zero-coupon bond
PIK Bond
References
Bond market indices
Merrill ( company )
Alexander Schnetzler ( born 17 April 1979 in Rohrdorf ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right-back for SC Pfullendorf .
Career
Schnetzler began his career with SV Rohrdorf and joined in summer 1990 to the youth from SC Pfullendorf . After nine years in the youth side for SC Pfullendorf was in summer 1999 promoted to the first team , who played between July 2004 seventy-four games , who scores six goals before signed with FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt . He played in his five years for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt hundred-eight games and scores eight goals , before announced his leaving on 29 May 2009. and signed a two-years-contract with VfL Osnabrück on 23 June 2009 . After two years in which he played forty-five games and scored one goal he left VfL Osnabrück and signed a one-year-contract with Dynamo Dresden on 9 June 2011. he left Dynamo after one year and only one league appearance and returned to SC Pfullendorf .
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
German footballers
SC Pfullendorf players
Association football defenders
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
Association football midfielders
VfL Osnabrück players
Dynamo Dresden players
2 . Bundesliga players
3 . Liga players
Baron Philippe Lambert ( March 1930 – September 2011 ) was a Belgian banker and art collector , of the Bank Brussels Lambert banking dynasty , and the husband of fellow art collector Baroness Marion Lambert .
He was born in March 1930 , the son of Baron Henri Lambert ( 1887–1933 ) and Johanna von Reininghaus ( 1899–1960 ) .
He was the great-grandson of Baron James Mayer de Rothschild and the great-great-grandson of Samuel Lambert , who in 1840 established the family-owned Banque Lambert . Banque de Bruxelles and Banque Lambert merged in 1974 , to form Banque Bruxelles Lambert , which was one of the largest banks in Belgium .
He had a brother Leon Lambert , also a banker and art collector ( 1928/29–1987 ) , and a sister Lucy , based in Brussels .
Personal life
He married Patricia Harris ( born 1932 ) , and they divorced in 1973 . In 1962 , and they had one child , Johanna Lambert .
He married Baroness Marion Lambert in 1975 , and they had two children together , a son , Henri Lambert , and Philippine Lambert , who killed herself aged 20 .
They lived in Geneva , Switzerland , and owned an 18th-century Florentine-style villa , the Palazzo Terranova , in Umbria .
Philipe Lambert died in September 2011 .
References
1930 births
2011 deaths
Swiss art collectors
Swiss bankers
Philippe
Takeori Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for flood control . The catchment area of the dam is 1.6 km2 . The dam impounds about ha of land when full and can store 245 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on 1956 and completed in 1958 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Duchess of Galliera
First Creation
None
Second Creation
Third Creation
Notes
French princesses
House of Orléans-Galliera
Galliera
The M1074 Joint Assault Bridge System ( JABS ) is an American armored military engineering vehicle based on the Abrams M1A1 main battle tank . The M1074 was designed by Leonardo DRS Technologies to provide deployable bridge capability for units engaged in military operations .
The bridge is an armored vehicle-launched bridge ( AVLB ) Military Load Class 95 Scissor Bridge ( MLC95 ) .
After the M1074 has deployed the bridge , assault force vehicles can cross over the bridge . The M1074 can cross over , pick up the bridge on the far bank and continue along in support of assault forces .
Development
The JABS were conceived as a compromise between the M104 Wolverine that was deemed too expensive to operate and the aging M60 Patton-based M60 AVLB which could not adequately support the Abrams and Bradley vehicles . The vehicle provides the Army Mobility Augmentation Companies supporting Armored Brigade Combat Teams with a survivable , deployable and sustainable heavy-assault-bridging capability . Prototype development began in May 2012 when the U.S. Army Contracting Command awarded General Dynamics Land Systems and Leonardo DRS a $ 26 million contract to build two Joint Assault Bridge System ( JABS ) prototypes . The contract supported the engineering and manufacturing development phase , with the GDLS prototype being built in Sterling Heights , Michigan and the Leonardo prototype built in West Plains , Missouri .
The Army wanted the winner of the contract to include Anniston Army Depot 's organic industrial base experience in the JAB 's production . The XM1074 JABS prototypes were ready in 2014 . They were delivered to Anniston Army Depot ( ANAD ) where they underwent testing and evaluation through 2016 with the Leonardo prototype being accepted as the M1074 in August . Leonardo DRS has a public-private partnership with Anniston Army Depot in Alabama to manage the M1 chassis assembly and worked with Israeli Military Industries ( IMI ) on the design and engineering of the bridge system , according to a DRS statement . On August 23 , 2016 , DRS Technologies , Inc. , announced that the U.S. Army had awarded it an indefinite quantity contract worth up to $ 400 million to build the new Joint Assault Bridge System ( JABS ) . The Army has placed an initial order for 168 vehicles and the Marines for 29 .
The JABS completed its low-rate production phase from 2016 to 2018 with a total of 51 vehicles . ANAD produced 10 in fiscal year 2016 , 14 in 2017 and an additional 27 in 2018 . These first JABSs underwent exploitation and fire survivability testing at the Aberdeen Test Center . These tests finalized the current configuration for full-rate production and evaluated some configuration changes in the design for crew protection . United States Army Operational Test Command , Fort Hood began conducting operational testing in April 2019 , with the 40th Brigade Engineer Battalion , 2nd Armored Brigade Combat team , 1st Armored Division .
Full-rate production is scheduled to start in 2019 and expected to be completed by May 2024 . The M1074 JABS will replace the M60 AVLB and M104 Wolverine on a one-for-one basis in the United States Army , Army National Guard and Marine Corps .
The Australian Army is planning to purchase 18 M1074s , with the US Government granting approval for this in April 2021 .
Poland signed an agreement with Washington in April 2022 to acquire 250 M1A2 SEPV3 main battle tanks , 26 M88A2 HERCULES and 17 M1074 Joint Assault Bridges .
Description
The M1074 Joint Assault Bridge System ( JABS ) is based on the hull of the M1A1 version of the M1 Abrams main battle tank using the suspension system from the M1A2 and upgraded with the Total InteGrated Engine Revitalization ( TIGER ) . This is projected to lower maintenance costs as well as increased availability and unit readiness with commonality of parts with the Abrams chassis . The unit has a new hydraulic bridge launcher system as well as Embedded Diagnostics ( ED ) . Survivability is enhanced with components of the Tank Urban Survivability Kit ( TUSK ) including Abrams Reactive Armor Tile ( ARAT1 ) , Rear Viewer Sensor System ( RVSS ) and Tank-Infantry Phone ( TIP ) . Additionally it can employ the AUTOFLUG Driver 's Seat and Abrams Lightweight Underbody Kit for situational use . The vehicle itself is unarmed ; however , the crewmembers are typically armed with assault rifles ( M16 or M4 ) , pistols , flares , and/or colored smoke grenades .
The Bridge Launcher Mechanism ( BLM ) was designed by Israeli Military Industries in conjunction with Leonardo DRS . The bridging controls are a basic push-button system , similar to the M104 Wolverine , while the computer assembles the bridge and deploys it . The bridge extends its span vertically instead of horizontally as the M104 Wolverine . It can deploy an MLC95 bridge with a gap crossing of 18.3 m in approximately 3 minutes .
See also
M104 Wolverine
M60 AVLB
References
Sources
Armoured vehicle-launched bridges
Post–Cold War armored fighting vehicles of the United States
General Dynamics land vehicles
Military vehicles introduced in the 2010s
Ernest Millard Steury ( January 3 , 1930 – April 4 , 2002 ) was an American physician and Christian missionary to Kenya .
Steury was born in Berne , Indiana to David and Mary Habegger Steury . In 1948 , while attending a church service in his hometown , Steury became a Christian . Though he did n't know it at the time , that decision set his life on a course that would lead him far from the rural Indiana life he 'd known . Steury 's first step outside Indiana took him to Asbury College in Wilmore , Kentucky . He graduated from Asbury in 1953 and the following year married Jennie Sue Groce . Steury obtained a medical degree from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1957 and began an internship in tropical medicine at Gorgas Hospital , Panama .
In 1956 , while still a medical student , Steury signed on with World Gospel Mission and in 1959 was sent to the organization 's mission station at Tenwek , Kenya . Begun in 1935 as an aide station , the Tenwek facility had grown into a medical dispensary and clinic , but Steury was the station 's first physician . With Steury 's leadership , the clinic developed into one of Kenya 's largest missionary hospitals with outlying clinics that brought healthcare to the surrounding community . The facility attained a global reputation for its work .
Steury died at Avon Park , Florida , in 2002 . In 2003 Dr Steury Memorial Primary School was built in Tenwek , Bomet County Kenya in his honour .
Further reading
Miracle at Tenwek : The Life of Ernie Steury , Gregg Lewis , ( 2007 , Discovery Books )
Two docs - serving others
References
1930 births
2002 deaths
American Christian missionaries
American tropical physicians
Asbury University alumni
Indiana University alumni
People from Berne , Indiana
20th-century Kenyan physicians
Bama Vijayam ( ) is a 1967 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by K. Balachander . The film features an ensemble cast including Sowcar Janaki , Rajasree , Kanchana , Jayanthi , Sachu , R. Muthuraman , Nagesh , Major Sundarrajan , Srikanth and T. S. Balaiah . It revolves around a man 's three daughters-in-law who go to absurd lengths to impress an actress who becomes their neighbour .
Bama Vijayam was simultaneously filmed in Telugu as Bhale Kodallu with a slightly different cast . It was released on 24 February 1967 , and won the Chennai Film Fans ' Association Award for Best Film . The film was later remade in Hindi as Teen Bahuraniyan ( 1968 ) , with Janaki , Kanchana and Jayanthi reprising their roles . In 1998 , it was remade into Malayalam as Sreekrishnapurathe Nakshathrathilakkam .
Plot
A middle-class joint family is living happily run by the responsible father Ethiraj , a retired headmaster . He has three sons – Maheshwaran , Raman , and Krishnan . Maheswaran is a Hindi professor ; he and his wife Parvathi have five children . Raman , a high court clerk has two children with wife Sita . Krishnan , a medical representative is married to Rukmini . Sumathi , the younger sister of Sita also stays in the same house , as she is pursuing higher studies in the same city . Though it is a joint family , the father has set up his three sons in three different portions in the same house , and takes turns to eat in each of his son 's house , to avoid any possibility of problems between them . The sons give their salaries to their father , and all the financial matters are dealt by him efficiently . He is respected and feared by everyone in the family . Wrong-doers in the household are made to stand on a bench by him as punishment .
Meanwhile , a popular actress Bama moves into the bungalow next to their house . The three daughters-in-law and the sons meet her while they are all in the terrace , and try to make friends with her . Bama is very polite , and accepts their invitation to come to their house on 16th of that month . Now , the three ladies in the house start making fuss about the condition of their house , saying that they do not have enough facilities in their house to show to Bama that there are well-off . The husbands try to convince them but they force their husbands to agree to whatever they ask . Eventually the men give in and start buying things for their own houses . They paint the house , get stuff like radio , fan , sofa , for their own portions .
The father tries in vain to make everyone understand that they should live for themselves within their means . They get all the things for the house – a few for rent , a few for instalment , and also borrow money with a high interest rate . They even go to the extent of hiring a male servant to stay in the house . The ladies start arguing whose portion should Bama visit first when she comes to their house . Finally , Parvathi makes the other two ladies agree by showing a diamond necklace that she borrowed from her friend . They decide to pass the necklace through the windows so that Bama would think that everyone has diamond necklaces .
On the day of Bama 's visit , Parvathi decides to lock three of her five children inside a room , so that Bama would n't know that she is old enough to have 5 kids . Sita sees this , and she decides to hide her spectacles , so that Bama would n't guess her age too . When Bama arrives , she goes to Sita 's portion first . Sita has to go and get the diamond necklace from Parvathi . Meanwhile , Raman tells Bama about his and his brothers ' jobs . When Sita comes , she lies to Bama that Raman is an advocate in high court , to which both Bama and Raman look surprised . Bama asks Sita what the time is , but Sita ca n't see the time in her wrist watch without the spectacles . Parvathi sees this and laughs .
Later when Bama goes to Parvathi 's portion , Parvathi lies that her husband is college principal . When she tells that she has only two children , Sita lets the other three kids out of the locked room . Bama thinks that the kids are orphans , and Parvathi , who does not know English , agrees that the kids are orphans . Sita makes fun of this . Finally , when Bama arrives at Krishnan 's part of the house , she gets a spectacular welcome with red carpet , flowers and her favourite drinks . They even take a few snaps with her .
The ladies are amazed by Bama 's simplicity like glass bangles , her politeness . Even then they do not take a cue , and try to show off too much in front of her . Soon , they get close to Bama and keep meeting her for picnics in her shooting spots , etc. , neglecting their family . Krishnan gets an instalment car for the ladies to roam , Raman gets telephone connection through ' his office citing his father 's `` illness '' , which the ladies use to talk to Bama every day .
After a few months of this , and financial problems , a bombshell appears in the form of an anonymous letter stating that one of the three husbands is having an affair with Bama , and this upsets their wives . Each hopes and wishes that her husband is not the culprit , but to each the evidence seems to point to him only .
After a series of humorous incidents , the false news of Maheshwaran having illegal contact with Bama is published in a newspaper , thus leading to more trouble . However , after some time , the publisher apologises for it and decides to publish a retraction , and it all ends well for everyone .
Cast
Production
In 1965 , when K. Balachander was `` just getting his bearings in the film industry '' , his household was excited because Sowcar Janaki , a star , was due to visit their house . This incident laid the foundation for Bama Vijayam , which was written and directed by Balachander , and produced by M. S. Kasi under Manohar Pictures . It was simultaneously filmed in Telugu as Bhale Kodallu , with a slightly different cast .
Themes
Bama Vijayam , a satire , focuses on how `` false prestige , pretence and living beyond one 's means '' can destroy a household . Historian Randor Guy noted the film 's similarities to A Letter to Three Wives ( 1949 ) .
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of the film was composed by M. S. Viswanathan , with lyrics by Kannadasan . The song `` Varavu Ettanna Selavu Pathanna '' ( ) attained popularity . The Times of India said it `` makes you laugh just as much as it makes you think ! ''
Release and reception
Bama Vijayam was released on 24 February 1967 , and distributed by Gemini Studios . Kalki lauded the film for the cast performances and Balachander 's direction . The film won the Chennai Film Fans ' Association Award for Best Film .
Adaptations
Bama Vijayam was remade in Hindi as Teen Bahuraniyan in 1968 , with Sowcar Janaki , Kanchana and Jayanthi reprising their roles . The film was remade into Malayalam as Sreekrishnapurathe Nakshathrathilakkam ( 1998 ) with a slightly different storyline . The film was unofficially remade in Kannada as Swalpa Adjust Madkolli ( 2000 ) . A theatrical adaptation of Bama Vijayam , titled Mastani O Mastani , was staged by Rajan Radhakrishnan in November 2017 .
Legacy
In an interview with The Hindu , Crazy Mohan said that `` no attempt at comedy could ever match Bama Vijayam '' . Film historian Mohan Raman wrote that Balaiah `` [ excelled ] as the concerned head of the family '' .
References
Bibliography
External links
1960s satirical films
1960s Tamil-language films
1967 comedy films
1967 films
Films directed by K. Balachander
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Films with screenplays by K. Balachander
Indian black-and-white films
Indian comedy films
Indian satirical films
Tamil films remade in other languages
Walls ( ) is a 1968 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács . It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Diploma .
Cast
Miklós Gábor as Benkõ Béla
Zoltán Latinovits as Ambrus László
Philippe March as Lendvay
László Mensáros as Ferenczi
Imre Ráday as Szamosi ( as Rádai Imre )
Zsuzsa Bánki as Benkõné , Erzsi
Mari Szemes as Ambrusné , Anna
Judit Tóth as Márta
Andrea Drahota as Zsuzsa
Bernadette Lafont as Marie
Tamás Major as Fõszerkesztõ
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
Hungarian drama films
1960s Hungarian-language films
Hungarian black-and-white films
Films directed by András Kovács
Petra Elisabeth ( Crockett ) Todd is an American economist whose research interests include labor economics , development economics , microeconomics , and econometrics . She is the Edward J. and Louise W. Kahn Term Professor of Economics at the University of Pennsylvania , and is also affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania Population Studies Center , the Human Capital and Equal Opportunity Global Working Group ( HCEO ) , the IZA Institute of Labor Economics and the National Bureau of Economic Research .
Education and career
Petra Todd graduated from the University of Virginia in 1989 with a double major in economics and English . She did her graduate studies in economics at the University of Chicago , completing her Ph.D. in 1996 . Her dissertation , Three Essays on Empirical Methods for Evaluating the Impact of Policy Interventions in Education and Training , was jointly supervised by James Heckman , Hidehiko Ichimura , and Derek Allen Neal .
She has been a faculty member at the University of Pennsylvania since 1996 . She was promoted to Associate Professor with tenure in 2002 and
to Full Professor in 2006 . She held the named chair of Alfred L. Cass Term Chair Professor of Economics from 2010 to 2016 , and was given the Kahn Professorship in 2017 .
Todd is a fellow of the Econometric Society ( 2009 ) , the Society of Labor Economists ( 2010 ) , and the International Association for Applied Econometrics .
Research
Petra Todd is an empirical economist with research contributions in the area of labor economics , economics of education , development , econometrics , criminology and demography . She is best known for her work on program evaluation methods , which develops methods for evaluating the effects of interventions in education and training using both experimental and nonexperimental data . She recently finished a book manuscript Impact Evaluation in Developing Countries : Theory , Methods and Practice , coauthored with Paul Glewwe , that will be published by the World Bank in 2020 .
One of Petra Todd 's areas of expertise is matching methods . These statistics/econometric techniques are often used to evaluate the impact of Active Labor Market programs , which are government programs that provide education , training and incentives for unemployed or out of labor force workers to gain employment . In developing country settings , the methods are often used to evaluate the effectiveness of anti-poverty programs , such as conditional cash transfer programs . In early work , Todd and coauthors ( ; ) proposed new nonparametric matching estimators that are now widely used .
Petra Todd has also written seminal papers on regression discontinuity ( RD ) methods . RD is a quasi-experimental design where there is a variable and a cut-off value that wholly or partly determines treatment assignment . For example , children whose pre-test score falls below a threshold may be assigned to an educational intervention . One of the earliest papers on the use of RD methods in economics is , which develops new nonparametric estimators and shows that RD has an interpretation of a local average treatment effect in a heterogeneous treatment effects setting .
Other topics in her work concerns reducing structural inequality in education , particularly in developing countries , through an educational policy that aims at improving the education of the least-well-served students . In particular she has studied the effects of programs like that provide cash incentives for poor families to send their children to school . She was an expert consultant in designing the Mexican Progresa experiment ( later called Oportunidades ) that randomized 506 rural villages in or out of a conditional transfer program . Experimental evidence on the effectiveness of Progresa in increasing schooling and improving health was important to the adoption of similar anti-poverty programs in more than 60 countries around the world . Petra Todd also played a key role in the design of the ALI experiment in Mexico that randomized 88 high schools to a student and teacher incentive program that paid for improvement on mathematics curriculum tests . The program impacts are analyzed in and the data are used to study the determinants of educational performance in Todd and Wolpin ( 2018 ) .
Todd also has research on testing for racial profiling in the context of motor vehicle searches . observed that African-American motorists were more than three times as likely as other motorists to be stopped and searched by Maryland police , but had drugs found in the search with the same likelihood as other motorists . Todd and her coauthors argued from this data that African-Americans had a higher propensity than others to carry drugs , that the greater number of stops were causing them to carry drugs less often , and that the equal rate of drugs found ( rather than an even lower rate for African-Americans than others ) was evidence that the police were not being racist in their more frequent stops .
Petra Todd has written chapters in the Handbook of Econometrics ( with Hidehiko Ichimura ) , Handbook of Development Economics , Handbook of Education Economics ( with James Heckman and Lance Lochner ) , and Handbook of Labor Economics ( with Michael Keane and Kenneth Wolpin ) .
In recent research , Petra Todd uses dynamic discrete choice structural modeling methods for predicting the impacts of programs that do not yet exist , which is very useful at the stage of designing a new social program or in considering changes to an existing program . Another focus is on the empirical modeling of household behaviors , such as choices about fertility , schooling , employment and savings . Todd also some recent published papers that analyze the role of personality traits in educational and working decisions and in time allocation of husbands and wives .
Selected publications
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American economists
American women economists
University of Virginia alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
21st-century American women
Claude Nau or Claude Nau de la Boisseliere ( d. 1605 ) was a confidential secretary of Mary , Queen of Scots , in England from 1575 to 1586 .
Nau was a successful lawyer practicing in Paris when he was recruited by the Guise family in 1574 to be Mary 's secretary . He was presented by the Duke of Guise , Mary 's nephew , to Henry III of France who gave him diplomatic accreditation and sent him to Elizabeth I of England . Elizabeth gave him a letter of introduction to the Earl of Shrewsbury the Scottish Queen 's keeper at Sheffield Castle . Nau was frequently mentioned in Mary 's correspondence , and many of his own letters survive .
In August 1577 Nau added a postscript to one of Mary 's letters to her ally in France , James Beaton , Archbishop of Glasgow , that he intended to send him the queen 's portrait , but the painter working at Sheffield Castle had not completed the work to perfection .
In June 1579 , Mary sent Nau as her ambassador to her son , James VI of Scotland , instead of John Lesley , Bishop of Ross . However , the Scottish court at Stirling Castle would not allow him an audience , apparently because Mary 's letter was addressed to her son , not the King . Although Nau was accompanied by Nicolas Errington , Provost Marshal of Berwick upon Tweed , he had no papers from Elizabeth . The Privy Council of Scotland issued a proclamation that he deserved punishment and should be commanded to depart .
Claude 's brother , the Sieur de Fontenay , sent from France , had more success . Fontenay was able to meet James VI in August 1584 . Fontenay wrote to Claude about his good reception , James had met him in his cabinet at Holyroodhouse , and lent him a horse to join the hunting . In November 1584 , Nau spoke with Elizabeth , on the subject of Mary 's allegations against Bess of Hardwick .
Nau had a relationship with a young woman in Mary 's household , Elizabeth Pierrepont . In April 1586 he sent a friend to discuss marriage with her father Henry Pierrepont . Mary was in favour of her marriage , but it seems her father had other ideas and removed her from the household .
Nau was arrested at Chartley in 1586 , but seems to have lived comfortably with the family of Francis Walsingham . After Mary 's execution he returned to France where he was exonerated from accusations of treachery to Mary by the King and the Duke of Guise .
Joseph Stevenson discovered Nau 's memoirs of Mary and her history and published these works in 1883 . Stevenson also attributed a treatise in French on Mary 's title to the English throne to Nau .
Nau wrote a history of the years 1542 to 1545 which describes Regent Arran taking power in Scotland , possession of Holyroodhouse and Falkland Palace , and the exchequer . He tells the story , also found in John Lesley 's History , of the banquet for the Patriarch of Venice , where a buffet laden with Venetian glass was deliberately tipped over to impress the envoy with an idea of Scotland 's material wealth , and the burning of Edinburgh in May 1544 .
Nau started translating John Lesley 's Latin history of Scotland , the De Origine , into French . He did not complete this historical work .
Further reading
Stevenson , Joseph , S.J. , ed. , The History of Mary Stewart , by Claude Nau ( Edinburgh , 1883 ) .
References
1605 deaths
Court of Mary , Queen of Scots
16th-century French people
French expatriates in England
Year of birth unknown
Kickapoo is an unincorporated community in Kickapoo Township , Leavenworth County , Kansas , United States . It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area .
History
Kickapoo was laid out in 1854 . It was named after the Kickapoo people .
Kickapoo was a station on the Missouri Pacific Railroad .
The post office in Kickapoo closed in 1920 .
References
External links
Leavenworth County maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Unincorporated communities in Leavenworth County , Kansas
Unincorporated communities in Kansas
Anthony John Miles ( 18 July 1930 – 14 April 2018 ) , better known as Tony Miles , was a British newspaper editor .
Miles grew up in High Wycombe . After attending the Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe from 1942 to 1946 , he worked on the Middlesex Advertiser , Nottingham Guardian and Evening Argus , before joining the Daily Mirror in 1954 , as a feature writer . In 1966 , he was appointed as an assistant editor , then the following year as associate editor , before becoming overall editor of the newspaper in 1971 .
Miles held the editorship for three years , following which he was appointed as Editorial Director of the Mirror Group , for a few years also serving as its chairman . He also sat on the Press Council and served as a director of Reuters . In 1984 , he stood down from his remaining British posts , unhappy with Robert Maxwell 's control of the Mirror , and moved to the United States , where he became an Executive Publisher with the Globe Communications Corporation , publisher of the National Examiner , until the early 1990s .
Miles died at the age of 87 on 14 April 2018 at Highgate Nursing Home , London .
References
1930 births
2018 deaths
Daily Mirror people
English newspaper editors
English male journalists
People educated at the Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe
People from High Wycombe
Uragh Wood ( Irish : Tearmann Dúlra Choill na hIúraí ) is wood in Tuosist , County Kerry , Ireland , which was designated a nature reserve in 1982 . The wood is largely sessile oak and covers 87 ha . It is owned by the state .
Since Ireland 's adoption of the European Union 's Habitats Directive , the wood has been included within a Special Area of Conservation of 1,154 ha called `` Cloonee and Inchiquin Loughs , Uragh Wood '' ( Inchiquin
being the lake next to the wood ) .
Flora and fauna
Fauna includes :
The Kerry Slug ( listed in annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive )
The Lesser horseshoe bat ( listed in annex II of the Habitats Directive )
The wood is internationally important for its suite of
hyper-oceanic woodland bryophytes .
Access
There is no public access .
See also
Uragh Stone Circle
References
Forests and woodlands of the Republic of Ireland
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
Protected areas established in 1982
1982 establishments in Ireland
Anthology is a compilation album by country pop singer Juice Newton . It was originally released by Renaissance Records on . The album covers her career from 1975 to 1989 and features 19 songs taken from her albums Juice Newton & Silver Spur , Juice , Quiet Lies , Ca n't Wait All Night , Old Flame , Emotion , and Ai n't Gon na Cry . However , it includes the 1975 take of `` The Sweetest Thing ( I 've Ever Known ) '' from the first RCA album , not the 1981 hit version from Juice .
Overview
Early success
Juice Newton began her recording career in 1975 and made five albums over the next four years . Initially she recorded for RCA Records but after only two albums she moved to Capitol . During this time she had only moderate success . Her first charted song was a minor hit called `` Love is a Word '' from her debut album , Juice Newton & Silver Spur ( 1975 ) .
Newton 's `` breakthrough '' came in 1981 with Juice , an album that reach number 22 on the Billboard 200 chart and number 16 on the Canadian Top 50 album chart . Juice was certified by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) as gold on August 13 , 1981 and platinum on January 5 , 1982 . The album also gave Newton three hit singles , beginning with `` Angel of the Morning '' . The song , written by Chip Taylor , had been a number eight hit for Merrilee Rush in 1968 . Newton 's version peaked at number four on the pop charts and number 22 on the country charts .
Her second single from the album , `` Queen of Hearts '' , reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the country charts . It used a similar arrangement to Dave Edmunds 's version of the song on his 1979 album Repeat When Necessary . `` Angel of the Morning '' and `` Queen of Hearts '' were certified Gold by the RIAA , respectively , on July 1 and September 2 , 1981 . The final single from Juice was `` The Sweetest Thing ( I 've Ever Known ) '' , a song written by Newton 's long-time collaborator , Otha Young . It was her biggest hit to date , peaking at number one on the country chart and number seven the pop chart . Newton had recorded the song earlier on Juice Newton & Silver Spur .
Newton followed up Juice with Quiet Lies ( 1982 ) , another hit album that reached number 20 on the Billboard 200 . It was certified Gold by the RIAA on July 16 , 1982 . This album also had three singles released from its track line up . The first , `` Love 's Been a Little Bit Hard on Me '' , reached number 7 on the Billboard pop chart and number 30 on the Country chart . It brought Newton a Grammy nomination for Pop Female Vocalist . The second , `` Break It to Me Gently '' , had been a hit for Brenda Lee in 1962 when it reached number 4 on the Billboard 100 . Newton 's version topped the pop chart at number 11 and the country chart at number 2 . It also won her the Grammy Award for Best Country Vocal Performance , Female . The final single from Quiet Lies was `` In the Heart of the Night '' . It reached number 4 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart and number 25 on the Hot 100 .
Newton 's next album , Dirty Looks ( 1983 ) , was not as successful as Juice and Quiet Lies . However , it sold well enough in Canada to be certified Gold on October 1 , 1983 , by the Canadian Music Industry . The three singles released from this album were `` Tell Her No '' , `` Dirty Looks '' , and `` Stranger at My Door '' . The first two peaked on the pop chart at , respectively , numbers 27 and 90 . The third peaked on the country chart at 45 . `` Tell Her No '' was a reworking of The Zombies 1965 hit , which had reached number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Move to country music
In 1984 Newton returned to RCA Records and began a transition from mainstream pop to country music . Her first album in this period was Ca n't Wait All Night , from which the title track reached number 66 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart while `` A Little Love '' reached number 44 .
Her next album , Old Flame ( 1985 ) , was a major success and gave her two number one hits on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart : `` You Make Me Want to Make You Mine '' and `` Hurt '' . The latter song had originally been a hit for Roy Hamilton . His version peaked at number eight on the R & B Best Seller chart and spent a total of seven weeks on the chart . In 1961 , Timi Yuro 's version of the song reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100 , while reaching No . 2 on Billboards Easy Listening chart and No . 22 on the R & B chart . Two other songs from the Old Flame album , the title track and `` Cheap Love '' , peaked at number five and number nine , respectively . `` What Can I Do with My Heart '' , the album 's final single release , also peaked at number nine . `` Both to Each Other ( Friends & Lovers ) '' , a duet by Newton and Eddie Rabbitt , was released as a single in July 1985 and peaked at number one . This song was not included in the original release of Old Flame but was added to the vinyl , cassette , CD reissues .
Newton followed Old Flame with Emotion ( 1987 ) . This album produced two hits : `` First Time Caller '' peaked at number 24 on Billboard 's Hot Country Songs chart while `` Tell Me True '' peaked at number 8 . Ai n't Gon na Cry ( 1989 ) , her final album for RCA , featured `` When Love Comes Around The Bend '' , a modest hit that peaked at number 40 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs .
Reception
In his review of Anthology Hank Small stated :
The most comprehensive overview of Juice Newton 's career to date , a well-assembled 19-track retrospective which includes all of the singer 's biggest country-pop hits from 1976 ( her first chart entry `` Love Is a Word , '' recorded with Silver Spur ) to 1989 ( `` When Love Comes Around the Bend , '' her final Top 40 single ) . In addition to Newton 's four Nashville number ones – `` The Sweetest Thing ( I 've Ever Known ) , '' `` You Make Me Want to Make You Mine , '' `` Hurt '' and the Eddie Rabbitt duet `` Both to Each Other ( Friends and Lovers ) '' – the disc also includes the pop smashes `` Angel of the Morning '' and `` Queen of Hearts . ''
Track listing
References
1998 greatest hits albums
Juice Newton albums
The 2021–22 SailGP Championship was the second season of the SailGP championship . Originally due to be contested in 2020 , the season was postponed to 2021 after the first round in Sydney due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and was then extended into the early months of 2022 .
The championship was again won by the Australian team . New Zealand was the inaugural winner of the Impact League .
Entries
Team changes
After only one season , China left the championship . Denmark and Spain joined the championship in Sydney , while New Zealand entered in Bermuda .
Calendar
Although the opening round in Sydney proceeded as planned , results from the race were declared void upon the postponement of the season until 2021 . Nine races were expected in the expanded calendar , and eight were announced before the addition of a new Sydney round . The New Zealand event was removed after organisers were denied permission to enter the country .
Season
Sydney
The season originally began in Sydney with new teams Spain and Denmark joining , with the former coming second in several fleet races . The British team dominated the opening round ahead of 2019 champions Australia and led the standings 47 to 42 points , with Japan in third on 39 points . Both Spain and Denmark received penalties , Spain for contact with the French boat and Denmark for a rule infringement . However , the eventual postponement of the season to 2021–22 reset the standings .
Results
Round 1 : Bermuda
New Zealand joined the resumed season in Bermuda , where the first day of racing was brought forward to the Friday to avoid poor conditions on Saturday . The Australian team won the first three races , with Britain finishing farther back in the field in the first two races while being penalised in the first race for cutting off the US team . Japan heavily collided with the US in the fourth race which the British team ultimately won , while the Australians won the fifth . Neither the US nor Japan finished race four and neither started race five . This meant that Australia , Great Britain and France progressed to the final , which Britain won .
Round 2 : Taranto
The Italian SailGP saw the introduction of harsher penalties for teams involved in collisions after the incident involving the US and Japanese teams in Bermuda . The Australian team suffered hydraulic failure in the first race and retired . The US team won the first and third fleet races with Japan winning the second . On the second day , New Zealand won the fourth fleet race while Japan won the fifth fleet race . The US , Japan , and Spain qualified for the final , which Japan won . This was the first SailGP final the Australian team did not qualify for . During the final , the US suffered an impact with a submerged object in the water which damaged their rudder , causing it to break down .
Round 3 : Plymouth
Most teams competed with substitute sailors at the Plymouth regatta due to 2020 Summer Olympics commitments . The first two races were won by the Australian team . In the third race , the US team narrowly avoided a collision with the Spanish boat at the race start . Spain was disqualified for the manoeuvre , the first time any competitor had been disqualified in the championship . The US went on to win the third race . Japan won the fourth fleet race and Great Britain the fifth , leaving France , the US , and Australia to compete in the final . Australia won the event , moving them to first place in the championship , drawn on points with Great Britain .
Round 4 : Aarhus
Spain capsized their F50 before the first fleet race and sustained significant damage to the boat 's foil . As a result , they did not compete in the first day 's races . Denmark won the first fleet race , taking their first victory in the series at their home event . The second fleet race was won by the US team , and the third by the UK . Japan won the fourth and fifth , and were joined by Australia and the UK for the final . Australia won the final race , their second victory of the season .
Round 5 : Saint-Tropez
Great Britain won the first fleet race for the French round , with the US winning the next two . Championship leader Australia suffered hydraulic and electrical failures and consistently finished in the last few positions . Japan won the fourth race and Denmark the fifth , with the former also winning the final to take the championship lead .
Round 6 : Cádiz
The first fleet race was won by Great Britain , with Spain winning on home waters in the second race . The US won the final race of day one . Before the beginning of the second day 's racing , the Spanish capsized and caused substantial damage to the F50 's wing . Spain was unable to start any of the remaining races , which were won by New Zealand and Australia , with Australia , Great Britain , and the US making the final . Great Britain capsized in the final , allowing Australia to take the win .
Round 7 : Sydney
Round 8 : San Francisco
Results
Points were awarded per race for the round leaderboard , with 8 points for the winner , 7 points for second place , 6 points for third , and so on .
Each event hosted multiple races , with the three highest scoring teams after each round facing off to decide the podium order . The winner of that final race won the event , with the final standings of the event leaderboard used to award points for the championship standings , with the winner awarded 10 points , second awarded 9 , and so on . The three highest scoring teams at the end of the season competed one-on-one with the winning team awarded the championship .
Impact League
As part of SailGP 's sustainability initiatives , the championship introduced a second leaderboard on which teams compete to have the greatest improvement in the sustainability of the sport . Teams are externally audited after each round against 10 criteria , with the top three ranked teams awarded prize money to be donated to the teams ' sustainability partners .
Standings
Notes
References
External links
SailGP website
Season 2
SailGP
SailGP
SailGP
Nemić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немић ) is a mountain in western Serbia , above the town of Ljubovija . Its highest peak has an elevation of 797 meters above sea level .
References
Mountains of Serbia
Ryszard Władysław Szymczak ( 14 December 1944 , in Pruszków – 7 December 1996 , in Warsaw ) was a Polish football player .
On the national level he played for Poland national team ( two matches ) and was a participant at the 1972 Summer Olympics , where his team won the gold medal .
References
Polish Olympic Committee website
1944 births
1996 deaths
Polish footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Poland international footballers
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Poland
Olympic footballers of Poland
Ekstraklasa players
US Boulogne players
People from Pruszków
Olympic medalists in football
Gwardia Warsaw players
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Association football forwards
Polish expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Tamsier Joof Aviance or Tamsier Aviance ( né Tamsier Joof — 17 May 1973 , former stage name : Tam Jo ) is a British dancer , choreographer , actor , model , entrepreneur , radio presenter , and author . He took the name `` Aviance '' after joining the House of Aviance — one of the legendary vogue-ball houses in the United States . As well as appearing in several musicals , and as stage backing dancer for Mary Kiani , Take That and Janet Jackson , he was also known within the London voguing scene during the 1990s and is among the original London vogue dancers of that era .
Early life and education
Tamsier was born in North West London ( Kensal Rise ) into a Senegalese-Gambian family . His late father was a Gambian barrister and solicitor , and his mother a businesswoman . Tamsier left the UK when he was two years old after his father decided to move his family back to the Gambia and establish his chambers there . He returned to the UK couple of years later to pursue his education . In an interview with West Africa magazine , Tamsier said :
Tamsier studied classical ballet , jazz , African , contemporary , Latin , tap and labanotation . He attended Middlesex University , the University of Wolverhampton and the London Studio Centre and holds an Accounting and Finance Honours Degree , a PGCE and a Performing Arts Dance Degree . As of 2006 , he was a non-active qualified teacher and an Associate of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing and the International Dance Teachers Association . Tamsier also took additional classes at London 's Pineapple Dance Studios and Danceworks in various dance styles such as breaking ; commercial jazz with the late Nicky Bentley ( one of the earlier dance teachers at Pineapple Dance Studios ) and with choreographer Shanie , whom he describes as influencing his commercial funk and jazz style . He also studied popping and street locking with Jimmy Williams - one of the early UK street lockers , and attended workshops with internationally renowned guest choreographers like Bryant Baldwin ( USA ) and Mauro Mosconi ( Italy ) .
Career
Dance and choreography
Tamsier worked as a stage backing dancer for Mary Kiani , Kym Mazelle , Jocelyn Brown , Martha Wash , MN8 , Take That , Honeyz , Impact Dance Productions ( UK , Sadler 's Wells ) and also appeared on Janet Jackson 's 1995 World Tour at Wembley Arena ( London leg of the tour , small portion ) . Some of his musical theatre work include Starlight Express , Fame , Rent , Hot Mikado and The Wiz . Choreographic work include `` Consecrated Love '' for the Yozo Fass Dance Theatre Company , which he co-choreographed and performed in ; `` Dance Fusion '' for the Choreographer 's Ball ( London ) ; and `` Our Town Story '' for East London ( London Borough of Hackney ) with Ujamaa Arts , supported by McDonald 's for the year 2000 Millennium Dome Show .
Along with his experience in mainstream dance genres such as jazz and ballet , Tamsier was also involved in the underground London vogue scene during the late 1980s or early 1990s . By the early to late 1990s , Tamsier was one of the most recognisable New way voguers within the London underground scene and worked extensively in several London clubs as a podium dancer / voguer including Heaven Nightclub , Equinox , The Tube , Lowdown , Trade , Vox and Busby 's . It was whilst working as a dancer in the early 1990s at Heaven that Tamsier met the legendary Jean Michel who will become one of his closest friends and vogue mentor . The two regularly frequented the London club scene giving performances and engaging in vogue battles with other London voguers .
In 1997 whilst working for Heaven Nightclub 's host and performer — Miss Kimberley as a backing voguer , Tamsier was interviewed and photographed by the alternative culture magazine Bizarre . Tamsier 's `` interesting look and voguing talent '' made him a prime candidate for an interview . Tamsier credited his old friend and mentor Jean Michel for teaching him the elements of vogue and for mentoring him , as well as watching legendary U.S. voguers like Willi Ninja and Hector Xtravaganza . As a regular user of Pineapple Dance Studios in Covent Garden and Danceworks in Bond Street , Tamsier encouraged his mentor to run vogue classes in these studios . When Jean Michel was finally given a spot at Danceworks , Tamsier helped spread the word among his dancer friends `` some of whom have had no exposure to real voguing other than what they 've seen on Madonna 's 1990 Vogue video . '' Tamsier regularly attended the class and supported his mentor .
Teaching
Tamsier was a dance teacher and lecturer , teaching jazz , ballet and contemporary . He taught at Carol Straker Dance School in London , Wood Green High School College of Sports , the University of Birmingham and the London Guildhall University . Tamsier ran workshops in various inner city schools in London and the Midlands . He was a dance coach/consultant for Sandwell and Dudley Borough Council in partnership with the region 's development agency ( Advantage West Midlands ) and ran dance workshops throughout the West Midlands and also taught the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority 's GCSE and A-level dance syllabi at various schools in the region including the A-level labanotation syllabus . He also taught advance/professional jazz at various dance studios including Adage Dance Studios in Harborne ( Birmingham ) .
Retirement and comeback
Tamsier retired from professional dancing ( on-and-off ) in 2001 to pursue other business ventures , taking only non-lengthy dance contracts or teaching . In March 2015 , Tamsier came out of retirement to appear on FKA twigs music video `` Glass & Patron '' as a vogue dancer starring alongside Javier Ninja , David Magnifique and Benjamin Milan . The video was officially released on FKA twigs YouTube channel on Monday , 23 March 2015 .
Acting and modelling
Tamsier did some acting and modelling during his career working with artistic directors like Michel Wallace ( the French choreographer and artistic director of the Yozo Fass Dance Theatre Company ) and Paa C Quaye ( the Ghanaian actor—director and artistic director of Ujamaa Arts ) . Tamsier appeared as background actor in the 2002 drama Dirty Pretty Things ; and in the 2003 comedy Love Actually . He was also a film , television and theatre costume model for Academy Costumes , and one of his major modelling jobs was modelling the costumes of the Tomb Raider 2 film directed by Jan de Bont and starring Angelina Jolie .
Entrepreneur and radio broadcasting
Tamsier was a former director of Bluewings Employment Security & Training Limited and Blue Light Training Services Limited both of which he resigned from and now runs his own businesses . He is an investor in African businesses seeking start-up or expansion capital through MYC4 . Tamsier was also the founder of the Seereer Resource Centre ( SRC ) , an organisation he conceived in 2008 . The SRC preserves and promotes Seereer culture . Tamsier is a member of that ethic group . He is co-author of Learn to speak Saafi-Saafi : The complete language course and author of to Learn to speak the Seereer languages syllabus . Tamsier is also the founder of Seereer Radio which broadcast 24/7 for the Serer and Senegambian community . Tamsier is a presenter on Seereer Radio and is the main anchor on the Cosaan Seereer Show , a weekly cultural program which he co-hosts with Demba Sene , Mamadou Fall , Moussoukoro Sidibé and new host Laity Sene . He is also a regular on the Open Mike Show presented by Mamadou Fall . Tamsier is a strong opponent of President Yahya Jammeh 's regime and regularly speaks out against the brutality of the Jammeh regime on Seereer Radio , and occasionally on Gainako Radio . Tamsier regularly visits the Gambia to report on the country 's political situation for Seereer Radio . He covered the trial of lawyer Ousainou Darboe and his Executive Committee , 9 May 2016 political prisoners - imprisoned for demanding electrical reform and the Gambian presidential election , 2016 . He is one of few ( if not the only ) Gambian radio presenters living in the diaspora that regularly criticises the Jammeh regime yet continues to enter the country . Whilst he was still in the Gambia covering the 2016 presidential election and the release of Ousainou Darboe from jail , he continued to criticise the brutality of the Jammeh regime as he has done on previous visits . When asked by his colleagues whether he fears for his life being so candid about his criticism of the Jammeh regime , he replied `` I may not be born here but my grandparents were born here and have fought and died for this country . If I do not have more stake in this country than Jammeh , then Jammeh certainly does not have more stake in this country than me . '' On the same topic , Tamsier had said on the Open Mike and Cosaan Seereer shows that `` a real Serer does not fear death . '' He is also known for carrying out investigative journalism against the Jammeh regime and his enablers and outing them on the radio . He is one of few radio critics of Jammeh to have interviewed President-Elect Adama Barrow face-to-face on Gambian soil during the Jammeh regime ( done at least twice ) . The first being Barrow 's election campaign in Bakau on 29 November 2016 , and after his victory in the 2016 presidential election - face-to-face interview at the Kairaba Hotel on 7 December 2016 .
Personal life and controversy
Although Tamsier was brought up in a Muslim household , he rejected Islam in his early life and became a devout follower of A ƭat Roog ( the Seereer religious faith , religion of his ancestors ) . In his Open Mike broadcast titled : Prejudice against Seereer religion ( A ƭat Roog ) and other Traditional African religions in Senegambia and other parts of Africa ( Wednesday , 8 February 2017 ) , Tamsier criticised some quarters of the Senegambian and African Muslim and Christian communities by referring to them as `` hypocrites who like to demonise the traditional religions of their forefathers—yet when their prayers are not answered by their foreign Gods , they revert to the religions of their ancestors through Traditional African religious seers/diviners—seeking answers or solutions to their problems . '' Tamsier went on to state that : `` One can not love Senegambian history and culture or African history and culture for that matter yet despise Traditional African religion , because African history and culture are deeply rooted in the Traditional African religions . ''
Tamsier is also known for criticising the powerful Muslim brotherhoods of Senegal and their families for their `` greed '' , `` selfishness '' , and meddling in Senegalese politics ; the Mauritanian government for failing to eradicate slavery in Mauritania and the African Union and ECOWAS for their failure to intervene and eradicate this `` ghastly practice '' in Mauritania . He is also quite vocal in criticising the Senegalese Muslim Marabout schools ' ( daraa ) `` abuse of children '' ( talibés ) sent to their Quranic schools for learning , through the use of `` physical abuse '' , `` starvation '' , `` cruely '' , and being sent to beg on the streets of Senegal .
External links
Lamin Faye , `` Interview with Tamsier Joof '' , Seereer Resource Centre , 28 March 2015 , retrieved 6 April 2015
Tamsier at the Internet Music Video Database ( IMVDb )
The Seereer Resource Centre and Seereer Radio joint podcast : Listen to shows presented by Joof
References
Living people
1973 births
Serer dancers
English choreographers
Serer choreographers
Black British male actors
Serer writers
Serer male actors
House of Aviance
British male models
English people of Senegalese descent
English people of Gambian descent
People from Kensal Green
People from Paddington
English male dancers
English male actors
20th-century British dancers
20th-century English male actors
Former Muslim critics of Islam
Critics of Christianity
Gambian pan-Africanists
Senegalese pan-Africanists
Joof family
GJHS may refer to :
George W. Jenkins High School , Lakeland , Florida , United States
Gorsebrook Junior High School , Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada
Gosforth Junior High Academy , Gosforth , Newcastle and Tyne , United States
Grand Junction High School , Grand Junction , Colorado , United States
Greater Johnstown High School , Johnstown , Pennsylvania , United States
The 2017 SEC Softball tournament was held at Sherri Parker Lee Stadium on the campus of University of Tennessee in Knoxville , Tennessee from May 10 through May 13 , 2017 . The tournament will earn the Southeastern Conference 's automatic bid to the 2017 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament . The Championship game was broadcast on ESPN and the semifinals were broadcast on ESPNU , while all other SEC tournament games will be live on the SEC Network .
Tournament
Only the top 12 teams are able to participate , therefore , Georgia was not eligible to play .
Vanderbilt does not sponsor a softball team .
Schedule
Due to rain the semifinals were delayed to May 13 and moved from ESPNU to SEC Network and ESPN2 .
See also
2017 Alabama Crimson Tide softball team
2017 Auburn Tigers softball team
References
SEC Softball Tournament
tournament
Mushie is a town in Mai-Ndombe province , Democratic Republic of the Congo and is the administrative center of Mushie territory . It lies at an elevation of 1118 ft ( 340 m ) , on the northern bank of the Kasai River at its confluence with the Fimi River . Mushie 's population is roughly 33,000 . Mushie was the birthplace of the celebrated Congolese musician Papa Wendo . The town is served by Mushie Airport .
References
Populated places in Mai-Ndombe Province
Glina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Annona haematantha is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae . It is native to Brazil , French Guiana , Guyana and Suriname . Friedrich Anton Wilhelm Miquel , the Dutch botanist who first formally described the species , named it after its blood-red flowers ( Latinized forms of Greek , haimátinos and , ánthos ) .
Description
It is a woody vine reaching 5 centimeters in diameter . It has climbing habit that becomes horizontal as it reaches the forest canopy . Its membranous , elliptical leaves are 12-15 by 5-7 centimeters and come to a tapering point at their tip . Its leaves have 10-12 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs . Its petioles are 5-6 millimeters and covered in rust-colored hairs . Its inflorescences have a solitary flower on a 10 millimeter long pedicel that is 1 millimeters in diameter . It has oval to triangular sepals that are 2-3 millimeters long and covered in dense brown hair . Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3 . The outer petals are fused to form a tube 5-10 millimeters long by 10 millimeters in diameter , with oval to triangular lobes that are 10-20 by 10-15 millimeters . The outer petals are yellow to red outside and deep red inside . The inner petals are fused to form a 7 millimeter long tube with 2 millimeters long triangular lobes .
Reproductive biology
The pollen of A. haematantha is shed as permanent tetrads .
Distribution and habitat
It grows in forests and swamp-forests in sandy soil . It flowers in January .
Uses
Bioactive compounds extracted from the roots have been reported to have antileishmanial properties .
References
External links
haematantha
Flora of Brazil
Flora of French Guiana
Flora of Guyana
Flora of Suriname
Species described in 1849
Taxa named by Friedrich Anton Wilhelm Miquel
Wong Nai Uk , also transliterated as Wong Nei Uk ( ) is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island , Hong Kong .
Administration
Wong Nei Uk Tau is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy .
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Ma Wan and Wong Nai Uk ( Tung Chung ) for election of resident representative ( 2019 to 2022 )
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
Poirt an Phiobaire is a 1983 solo release by uillean piper and whistle player Paddy Keenan .
Tracks
Musicians
Paddy Keenan : Uilleann Pipes , Tin Whistle
Arty McGlynn : Guitar
References
External links
Paddy Keenan official site
1983 albums
Return to the Border is a 2005 documentary film directed by Zhao Liang about his return to his hometown in China that borders the Yalu river and North Korea . The short film presents deep insight into both the Chinese and North Korean societies and changes that have taken place over the last several decades . First person interviews add depth to the local perceptions of life on both sides of the border . Footage of life along the North Korean border and the mistrust of foreigners by the North Korean people is vividly displayed .
See also
External links
Chicago International Documentary Festival
Return to the Border | PBS WORLD
2005 films
Documentary films about North Korea
Films directed by Zhao Liang
2000s English-language films
The 2009 Cork Junior A Hurling Championship was the 112th staging of the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1895 . The championship began on 10 October 2009 and ended on 1 November 2009 .
On 1 November 2009 , Fermoy won the championship following a 1-14 to 0-10 defeat of Cloughduv in the final . This was their first championship title in the grade .
Castlemartyr 's Evan O'Keeffe and Cloughduv 's Darragh Ring were the championship 's top scorer .
Qualification
Results
First round
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Overall
In a single game
References
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Il gran Tamerlano ( `` The Great Tamerlane '' ) is an opera in three acts by the Czech composer Josef Mysliveček . Its libretto is a rework of Giovanni de Gamerra after Agostino Piovene . All of Mysliveček 's operas are of the serious type in Italian referred to as opera seria . Generally this style favored high vocal ranges , both for male and female singers , but for the character of Bajazette , emperor of the Turks , the composer created the only substantial role for a bass singer that appears in any of his operas .
Performance history
The opera was first performed at the Regio-Ducal Teatro in Milan on 26 December 1771 ( that is , the first day of the operatic carnival season of 1772 ) . It was very successful when it appeared , indeed one of the most popular operas performed in Milan in its day . A number of vocal pieces from the opera were frequently copied in late eighteenth-century vocal collections , for example the magnificent duet `` Di quel amabil ciglio '' and the aria `` Il caro e solo oggetto . '' Il gran Tamerlano was revived in Pavia in 1776 , but not performed in modern times until a production was mounted in Brno in the former Czechoslovakia in 1967 ( an abbreviated version was given in Prague in 1977 ) . The musicologist Daniel E. Freeman has recently demonstrated the remarkable resemblance of the opening of the overture to Il gran Tamerlano and the opening of Mozart 's Symphony No . 9 , K. 73 . Mysliveček visited the Mozarts frequently during all three of their trips to Italy in the early 1770s , and it is likely that Mozart knew the overture from his contacts with Mysliveček at that time .
Roles
Synopsis
Eighteenth-century Italian operas in serious style are almost always set in a distant or legendary past and are built around historical , pseudo-historical , or mythological characters . The story of Il gran Tamerlano is based on events surrounding the Battle of Ankara of 1402 , fought between the forces of the Ottoman sultan Bayezid I and the Turco-Mongol ruler Timur , who is known in English-speaking countries as Tamerlane . The result was an extraordinary military victory for Timur , who actually succeeded in capturing the Ottoman sultan . This is what made the story so attractive for treatment as an opera libretto in eighteenth-century , since stories of rulers who were captured in battle were common . In order to provide the obligatory element of a love story , the librettist Piovene concocted the character of Asteria , a daughter of the Ottoman sultan who is captured along with him and engages in love intrigues with members of Tamerlane 's court . A setting in the fifteenth-century would have been rather late for an opera libretto of Mysliveček 's day , but the venue in central Asia , rather than in Europe , is what preserves the sense of a serious opera in Italian having to take place in a distant location either chronologically or geographically .
Act 1
After capturing the Ottoman sultan Bajazette and his daughter Asteria , Tamerlano falls in love with Asteria , who has no interest in him . Asteria is rather love with the Greek commander Andronico . Tamerlano has the idea of offering Andronico his own kingdom and the hand of his current betrothed , Irene , if he can persuade Bajazette to give his permission to allow him to marry his daughter Asteria . For her part , Irene is shocked at Tamerlano 's behavior , and vows to attempt to regain his love . Tamerlano , completely infatuated with Asteria , pressures Baiazette more and more to give his permission to marry Asteria , to the point where he is threatened with death . Asteria has the idea of pretending to be in love with Tamerlano in order to save her father 's life .
Act 2
Bajazette is determined not to see his daughter married to Tamerlano , no matter what the penalty . Tamerlano threatens Bajazette with death again , and Asteria does agree to him to spare her father . Asteria intends to kill Tamerlano to prevent the wedding . Tamerlano learns of this and seeks revenge .
Act 3
Tamerlano seeks to humiliate Asteria by forcing her to work as a maid in his work as Baiazette watches her . Asteria tries to poison Tamerlano when she serves him a glass , but Irene , earlier disguised , saves his life . Tamerlano reflects on the obvious love between Asteria and Adronico , and permits them to marry . He decides to take Irene back as his betrothed . Bajezette , weary of life and humiliated by his defeat at the Battle of Ankara , poisons himself with the same poison intended for Tamerlano .
Vocal set pieces
Act 1 , scene 1 - Aria of Bajazette , `` Superbo di mia sorte ''
Act 1 , scene 4 - Aria of Tamerlano , `` Vanne la sorte mia ''
Act 1 , scene 5 - Aria of Andronico , `` Chi non ode i miei sospiri ''
Act 1 , scene 7 - Aria of Tamerlano , `` Che per voi sospiro ''
Act 1 , scene 10 - Aria of Asteria , `` Sento nell'alma mia ''
Act 1 , scene 13 - Aria of Irene , `` Tradito ed appresso ''
Act 1 , scene 14 - Chorus , `` Già ti cede il mondo intero ''
Act 1 , scene 15 - Duet of Tamerlano and Asteria , `` Di quel amabil ciglio ''
Act 2 , scene 2 - Aria of Bajazette , `` In mezzo alle tempeste ''
Act 2 , scene 4 - Aria of Andronico , `` Se ti mirre se quest'alma ''
Act 2 , scene 5 - Aria of Bajazette , `` Sazia il tuo fiero orgoglio ''
Act 2 , scene 6 - Aria of Asteria , `` Cadrò , sì cada , io stessa ''
Act 2 , scene 8 - Aria of Irene , `` Quell'empio cor istabile ''
Act 2 , scene 9 - Aria of Tamerlano , `` Il caro e solo oggetto ''
Act 2 , scene 10 - Aria of Idaspe , `` Fra il mar turbato , e nero ''
Act 2 , scene 11 - Aria of Asteria , `` Nacqui in seno alla sventura ''
Act 2 , scene 12 - Chorus , `` Lieti sposi , ah venga Imene ''
Act 2 , scene 13 - Quartet for Tamerlano , Bajazette , Asteria , and Andronico , `` Smanio , veneggio e fremo ''
Act 3 , scene 2 - Aria of Bajazette , `` Pria di salir ''
Act 3 , scene 4 - Aria of Tamerlano , `` M'offende il nemico ''
Act 3 , scene 7 - Aria of Asteria , `` Non mi vedo ''
Act 3 , scene 9 - Chorus , `` Doppo il nembo e la procella ''
Recordings
Three vocal excerpts drawn from the role of Baiazette are included in the collection Karel Berman : Operatic Recital , Czech Radio CR04372 ( 2009 ) , Karel Berman , bass .
References
Sources
Freeman , Daniel E. Josef Mysliveček , `` Il Boemo '' . Sterling Heights , Mich. : Harmonie Park Press , 2009 .
Karadar Classical Music Dictionary Includes full libretto of Mysliveček 's Il gran Tamerlano , 1772 .
Operas
Italian-language operas
Opera seria
Operas by Josef Mysliveček
1772 operas
Operas based on real people
Cultural depictions of Timur
Operas set in the 14th century
Operas set in the 15th century
Operas set in Turkey
Corporal Samuel Joseph Churchill ( November 1 , 1842 to June 3 , 1932 ) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War . Churchill received the country 's highest award for bravery during combat , the Medal of Honor , for his action during the Battle of Nashville in Tennessee on 15 December 1864 . He was honored with the award on 20 January 1897 .
Biography
Churchill was born in Rutland , Vermont on 1 November 1842 . He enlisted into Battery G , 2nd Illinois Light Artillery at DeKalb County , Illinois . During his veteran furlough , he returned to Vermont where he married Adelia Augusty Holmes on May 4 , 1863 . When he returned to his battery shortly thereafter , he was promoted to the position of corporal .
After the war , he moved to Lee 's Summit , Missouri and then Lawrence , Kansas .
In 1901 , Churchill wrote Genealogy and Biography of the Connecticut Branch of the Churchill Family in America in which he recounts his Civil War experiences . Churchill died on 3 June 1932 and his remains are interred at the Oak Hill Cemetery in Lawrence , Kansas .
The Lawrence , Kansas Army Reserve Training Center is named in his honor .
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients : A–F
References
1842 births
1932 deaths
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
People of Kansas in the American Civil War
People of Vermont in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Cataloipus cymbiferus is a West African species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae . In Mali , it is a pest that frequently attacks the pearl millet .
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20131110030827/http : //zipcodezoo.com/Animals/C/Cataloipus_cymbiferus/
AcridAfrica , liste espèces A-H
External links
Names in Dogon languages , with images from Mali
Acrididae
Orthoptera of Africa
Insects described in 1877
Agricultural pest insects
Insect pests of millets
The 2013 Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix was the eighteenth and final round of the 2013 MotoGP season . It was held at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo in Valencia on 10 November 2013 .
Marc Márquez became MotoGP world champion in his rookie season , becoming the first rider to do so since Kenny Roberts in 1978 .
Maverick Viñales became Moto3 world champion in the last corner of the season , after a battle with Moto3 runner-up Álex Rins .
Classification
MotoGP
Moto2
Moto3
Championship standings after the race ( MotoGP )
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round eighteen has concluded .
Riders ' Championship standings
Constructors ' Championship standings
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
References
Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix
Valencian
Valencian motorcycle
21st century in Valencia
Valencian motorcycle Grand Prix
Cristian-Vasile Terheș ( born December 4 , 1978 ) is a Romanian politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( PNȚ-CD ) after being elected on the Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) list .
He joined the Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( PNȚ-CD ) in May 2020 and then became a member of European Christian Political Movement ( ECPM ) .
Biography
Born in Zalău , he studied theology at Babeș-Bolyai University in Cluj-Napoca , and was consecrated priest of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church in Oradea . He then studied journalism at Fullerton College in Fullerton , California and worked at Santiago Canyon College in Orange , California . He settled in Irvine , California , and became a clergyman at a Greek Catholic Church there , but also worked as a business analyst .
Terheș was involved in Romanian politics , especially in opposition to the ruling PSD , which he called corruption . He became famous in 2012 , when he was part of the referendum campaign on the dismissal of Romanian President Traian Băsescu ; he lobbied for Băsescu ( who was opposed to the Social Democrats ) in the United States Congress . In 2014 , Terheș opposed the election of Victor Ponta ( from the PSD ) as president .
In 2016 , he became a regular commentator on the Antena 3 television station affiliated with the PSD and on România TV . At the same time , he became a supporter of the ruling PSD , in his public comments he supported the suspension of the liberal national president Klaus Iohannis . In 2019 he ranked fourth on the PSD list for the European Parliament and was elected a member of the European Parliament . Due to political activity incompatible with his status as a priest , the Romanian Catholic Eparchy of Oradea Mare released him in 2019 from the exercise of priestly functions .
In May 2020 , Terheș declared his transition to the National Peasant Christian Democratic Party and the European Conservatives and Reformists group . On 11th November 2021 , he lodged an application with the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg protesting various measures taken by the Romanian government to tackle the Covid-19 pandemic , alleging a violation of Article 5 ( the right to liberty and security ) . His application was rejected by the ECtHR on grounds of inadmissibility , with the Court noting that the measures `` could not be equated with house arrest '' and that Terheș had failed to explain their impact on his personal situation . In February 2022 , he criticized in the European Parliament Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's handling of the Canada convoy protest , comparing him with Nicolae Ceaușescu .
Terhes was appointed to serve on the EU Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic , and raised the following questions :
Under what process can the vaccine-injured receive compensation ?
How is vaccine efficacy mathematically calculated ?
Were vaccine trial subjects required to follow the same isolation protocols that have been imposed on the public ?
Were vaccine trial subjects intentionally given the virus ?
Why are Special Committee members not privy to copies of documents related to vaccine purchase contracts ?
References
External links
Home | Cristian Terheș | MEPs | European Parliament
1978 births
Living people
People from Zalău
Babeș-Bolyai University alumni
Fullerton College alumni
Romanian Greek-Catholic priests
MEPs for Romania 2019–2024
Social Democratic Party ( Romania ) MEPs
Social Democratic Party ( Romania ) politicians
Romanian anti-vaccination activists
Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party politicians
Rhopobota ancylimorpha is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Vietnam .
The wingspan is 19 mm . The ground colour of the forewings is white with brownish suffusions . The costal and dorsal spots and part of the termen are brown . The hindwings are grey .
Etymology
The name refers to the similarity to some representatives of the genus Ancylis .
References
Moths described in 2009
Eucosmini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Smidts is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ale Smidts ( born 1958 ) , Dutch organizational theorist
Rudi Smidts ( born 1963 ) , Belgian football defender
See also
Smidt
The 1966 FIFA World Cup qualification was a series of tournaments organised by the five FIFA confederations . The 1966 FIFA World Cup featured 16 teams with one place reserved for the host nation , England , and one reserved for defending champions Brazil . The remaining 14 places were determined by a qualification process in which the other 72 entered teams , from the five FIFA confederations , competed . UEFA , CONCACAF and CONMEBOL qualification was determined within the confederations , whilst AFC and CAF teams ( alongside Australia ) competed for one place at the tournament .
Of the 72 teams , 51 competed ; Guatemala , Congo-Brazzaville and the Philippines had their entries rejected .
In the Africa/Asia/Oceania zone , South Africa were disqualified after being suspended by FIFA due to apartheid , while all 15 African nations withdrew in protest after FIFA , citing competitive and logistical issues , confirmed there would be no direct qualification for an African team ( Syria , who were grouped in Europe , withdrew in support of the African teams ) . South Korea were later forced to withdraw due to logistical issues after the Asia/Oceania tournament was moved from Japan to Cambodia .
The first qualification match , between the Netherlands and Albania , was played on 24 May 1964 and the first goal in qualification was a penalty , scored by Dutch defender Daan Schrijvers . Qualification ended on 29 December 1965 , when Bulgaria eliminated Belgium in a group tiebreaker to become the final qualifier for the World Cup .
There were 393 goals scored over 127 games , for an average of 3.09 goals per game and 51 teams played in qualification .
Qualified teams
Qualification process
The 16 spots available in the 1966 World Cup were distributed among the continental zones as follows :
Europe ( UEFA ) : 10 places , 1 of them went to automatic qualifier England , while the other 9 places were contested by 32 teams ( including Israel and Syria ) .
South America ( CONMEBOL ) : 4 places , 1 of them went to automatic qualifier Brazil , while the other 3 places were contested by 9 teams .
North , Central America and Caribbean ( CONCACAF ) : 1 place , contested by 10 teams .
Africa and Asia ( CAF/AFC ) : 1 place , contested by 19 teams ( including Australia from Oceania ) .
UEFA , CONMEBOL and CONCACAF had a guaranteed number of places , whereas the CAF and AFC had to contest a play-off to determine which confederation would be represented .
After the first round of 1966 FIFA World Cup finals , the percentage of teams from each confederation that passed through to the Quarter-finals was as follows :
AFC ( Asia ) : 100 % ( 1 of 1 places )
CAF ( Africa ) : n/a ( 0 of 0 places )
CONCACAF ( North , Central American and Caribbean ) : 0 % ( 0 of 1 places )
CONMEBOL ( South America ) : 50 % ( 2 of 4 places )
Oceania ( No confederation ) : n/a ( 0 of 0 places )
UEFA ( Europe ) : 50 % ( 5 of 10 places )
Summary of qualification
Tiebreakers
For FIFA World Cup qualifying stages using a league format , the method used for separating teams level on points was the same for all Confederations . If teams were even on points at the end of group play , the tied teams played a play-off at a neutral ground .
Confederation qualification
AFC , CAF and Oceania
Five teams from AFC applied to take part in qualification , but the entry of the Philippines was rejected . Australia took part in this section of qualification , although they were not a member of a confederation at the time : the OFC was not founded until 1966 .
The qualification process began with four national teams split between two sections for qualification : Israel and Syria competed in European qualification for geographical reasons , whilst North Korea and South Korea were to take part in a group alongside Australia and South Africa . The winner of this group would then go on to play three group winners from the second round of CAF qualifiers .
Problems arose , however , as all 15 members of CAF withdrew to protest against the allocation of places , while South Africa was disqualified after being suspended by FIFA , and South Korea withdrew due to logistical difficulties following the tournament 's move from Japan to Cambodia .
African boycott
17 teams from Africa entered the qualification , but Congo-Brazzaville had their application rejected , and South Africa , who had been expelled from CAF in 1958 due to the country 's apartheid regime , were placed with the Asian and Oceanian teams . Qualification for the 15 remaining teams saw them sorted in to six groups , three groups of two and three groups of three . The winners of these groups were then to play a two-legged tie in the following combinations : Group 1 winners v Group 5 winners , Group 2 winners v Group 4 winners and Group 3 winners v Group 6 winners , with the winners advancing to play in the final group with each and the victor of the Asia/Oceania group .
The African nations were aggrieved their second-round winners needed to enter a final round against the winners of the Asian and Oceanian zone in order to qualify for the final tournament . They protested that their zone was not represented in the tournament , and against the readmission of South Africa to FIFA .
South Africa was subsequently disqualified after being suspended again in 1965 due to pressure from African nations .
After FIFA declined to change the qualifying format or the allocation of places , citing logistical and competitive issues , all fifteen African teams withdrew in protest , and CAF refused to participate in future until at least one African team had an automatic place in the World Cup . This was agreed to for the 1970 World Cup .
CONCACAF
10 teams initially entered , but the entry of Guatemala was rejected .
The remaining nine teams were placed in to three groups of three , with the winner of each group proceeding to a final group . The winner of this group would go on to the final tournament .
CONMEBOL
As Brazil has already qualified as reigning champions , the remaining nine CONMEBOL teams were split in to three groups of 3 , playing each other twice ( home and away ) . The top team from each group qualified .
Final positions ( Group Stage )
In Group B , Chile and Ecuador finished level on points , and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify . Chile won the match to win the group .
UEFA
England qualified automatically as hosts and a further 30 European teams took part in qualification . They were joined by Israel and Syria , although Syria then withdrew in support of the African teams . The teams were divided into 9 groups - four groups of 3 and five groups of 4 . Syria 's withdrawal meant that group 9 only contained two teams .
Final positions ( Group Stage )
In Group 1 , Belgium and Bulgaria finished level on points , and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify . Bulgaria won the match 2–1 .
In Group 9 , the Republic of Ireland and Spain finished level on points , and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify . Spain won the match 1–0 .
Goalscorers
7 goals
Eusébio
6 goals
Mimis Papaioannou
5 goals
Paul Van Himst
Georgi Asparuhov
Sandro Mazzola
Isidoro Díaz
Jobby Crossan
Włodzimierz Lubański
Anatoliy Banishevskiy
Héctor Silva
4 goals
Nikola Kotkov
Errol Daniels
Leonel Hernández
František Knebort
Ernesto Cisneros
Pedro Virgilio Rocha
Roy Vernon
Milan Galić
3 goals
Luis Artime
Ermindo Onega
Johnny Thio
Alberto Fouilloux
Leonel Sánchez
Edgar Marín
William Quirós
Karol Jokl
Enrique Raymondi
Juhani Peltonen
Nestor Combin
Philippe Gondet
Giorgos Sideris
Paolo Barison
Lascelles Dunkley
Louis Pilot
Pak Seung-Zin
Pedro Pablo León
Jerzy Sadek
Valentin Kozmich Ivanov
Slava Metreveli
Chus Pereda
Siegfried Haltman
Köbi Kuhn
Ivor Allchurch
Rudolf Brunnenmeier
2 goals
Raúl Bernao
Les Scheinflug
Carlos Campos Sánchez
Rubén Marcos
Eugenio Méndez
Ignacio Prieto
Antonio Rada
Hermenegildo Segrera
Ivan Mráz
Ole Fritsen
Ole Madsen
Peter Ducke
Jürgen Nöldner
Alberto Pedro Spencer
János Farkas
Máté Fenyvesi
Giacinto Facchetti
Bruno Mora
Gianni Rivera
José Luis González Dávila
Javier Fragoso
Aarón Padilla Gutiérrez
Salvador Reyes Monteón
Hennie van Née
Virgilio Sille
Han Bong-Zin
Kim Seung-Il
George Best
Harald Berg
Erik Johansen
Luis Zavalla
Ernest Pol
Nicolae Georgescu
Viorel Mateianu
John Greig
Denis Law
Vladimir Barkaya
Stanley Humbert Krenten
Edmund Waterval
Lars Granström
Bo Larsson
Agne Simonsson
Torbjörn Jonsson
René-Pierre Quentin
Andy Aleong
Fevzi Zemzem
Ed Murphy
Werner Krämer
Wolfgang Overath
Klaus-Dieter Sieloff
Dragan Džajić
1 goal
Mexhit Haxhiu
Robert Jashari
Erich Hof
Armand Jurion
Wilfried Puis
Jacques Stockman
Fortunato Castillo
Ramón Quevedo
Rolando Vargas
Stoyan Kitov
Ivan Petkov Kolev
Fernando Jiménez
Tarcisio Rodríguez Viquez
Juan González Soto
Nicolás Martínez
Ángel Piedra
Antonio dos Santos
Alexander Horváth
Dušan Kabát
Andrej Kvašňák
Mogens Berg
Kaj Poulsen
Tommy Troelsen
Eberhard Vogel
Romulo Gómez
Washington Muñoz
Martti Hyvärinen
Semi Nuoranen
Marcel Artelesa
André Guy
Angel Rambert
Andreas Papaemmanouil
José Ricardo Taylor
Ferenc Bene
Kálmán Mészöly
Dezső Novák
Gyula Rákosi
Andy McEvoy
Rahamim Talbi
Giacomo Bulgarelli
Ezio Pascutti
Syd Bartlett
Oscar Black
Patrick Blair
Art Welch
Asher Welch
Ernest Brenner
Edy Dublin
Ady Schmit
José Luis Aussin
Ignacio Jáuregui
Ramiro Navarro
Frans Geurtsen
Theo Laseroms
Bennie Muller
Daan Schrijvers
Im Seung-Hwi
Pak Doo-Ik
Willie Irvine
Terry Neill
Per Kristoffersen
Olav Nilsen
Arne Pedersen
Finn Seemann
Kai Sjøberg
Ole Stavrum
Celino Mora
Vicente Rodríguez
Juan Carlos Rojas
Nemesio Mosquera
Jesús Peláez Miranda
Víctor Zegarra
Roman Lentner
Mário Coluna
Jaime Graça
Sorin Avram
Alexandru Badea
Dan Coe
Carol Creiniceanu
Ion Pârcălab
Stevie Chalmers
Dave Gibson
Billy McNeill
Davie Wilson
Boris Kazakov
Galimzyan Khusainov
Mikheil Meskhi
Yozhef Sabo
Valery Voronin
Carlos Lapetra
José Ufarte
Kenneth Kluivert
Kurt Hamrin
Ove Kindvall
Anton Allemann
Robert Hosp
Alvin Corneal
Jeff Gellineau
Bobby Sookram
Ayhan Elmastaşoğlu
Nedim Doğan
Helmut Bicek
Walt Schmotolocha
Danilo Menezes
José Urruzmendi
Freddy Elie
Rafael Santana
Humberto Francisco Scovino
Argenis Tortolero
Ron Davies
Wyn Davies
Mike England
Ronnie Rees
Alfred Heiß
Uwe Seeler
Heinz Strehl
Horst Szymaniak
Dražan Jerković
Vladica Kovačević
Džemaludin Mušović
Velibor Vasović
1 own goal
José Ramos Delgado ( playing against Bolivia )
Ivan Vutsov ( playing against Belgium )
Kostas Panayiotou ( playing against West Germany )
Stig Holmqvist ( playing against Italy )
Ricardo González ( playing against Argentina )
José Ángel Iribar ( playing against Ireland )
Graham Williams ( playing against the Soviet Union )
References
External links
RSSSF - 1966 World Cup Qualification
Qualification
FIFA World Cup qualification
The 47th Cavalry Division was one of the first cavalry divisions formed after the start of the war . The unit was formed at Novocherkassk in the North Caucasus Military District from reservists and the cavalry depots in the district 's cavalry training grounds .
Combat service
The division was rushed to the front less than two weeks after being formed . It arrived in the 21st Army by the middle of July and was assigned to the Batskelevich Cavalry Group under the command of the 32nd Cavalry Division 's commander . In July and August 1941 the group and the division raided into the rear areas and flanks of the German 2nd Army and 2nd Panzer Group south of Smolensk . The division was on the southern edge of the German offensive against the Western Front .
Assigned to the Southwestern Front reserves in October and November . The continuous fighting in October and November wore down all the units in the front and replacements had to be found for them . As a result , the division was disbanded on 10 November 1941 and the troops used to reinforce the 32nd Cavalry Division .
Subordinate units
39th Cavalry Regiment
41st Cavalry Regiment
44th Cavalry Regiment
See also
List of Soviet cavalry divisions , 1917–45
References
047
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1941
047
Abe no Kooji ( 安倍子祖父 ) was a Japanese courtier and waka poet of the Nara period .
Biography
The birth and death dates of the courtier and poet known as Abe no Kooji are unknown . His kabane was Ason . He was an imperial attendant ( 大舎人 ōtoneri ) in the service of Prince Toneri . 's Man'yōshū Kogi ( 万葉集古義 ) speculates that he was the same person as Hiketa no Kooji ( 引田朝臣子祖父 Hiketa no Ason Kooji ) .
Poetry
Poems 3838 and 3839 in the Man'yōshū are attributed to him . He presented the poems to Prince Toneri , for which he received a payment of 2,000 mons .
References
Works cited
8th-century Japanese poets
Man'yō poets
Japanese male poets
A veteran tree ( also known as an ancient tree ) is a tree which , due its great age , size or condition , is part of an exceptional cultural , landscape or nature conservation value .
Definition
Ancient trees vary in age depending upon their species and location , but may be several hundred years old . Smaller and shorter-lived tree species ( such as orchard trees ) may begin to develop some veteran features when only a few decades old . Size is typically used to define veteran trees . This may be size alone : for example , a girth of over at may be used as a test ; alternatively , different girths may be set for species of different sizes , and the presence of veteran tree features may also be considered .
Ancient trees often have features of particularly high nature conservation value , such as dead limbs , hollows , rot-holes , water pools , seepages , woodpecker holes , splits , loose bark , limbs reaching the ground , and epiphytic plants and lichens . Few of these features are found on younger trees , and they provide habitats for very many species of animals and fungi , some of which are rare . Such features are sometimes removed or damaged by pruning or other arboricultural practices .
Many of the oldest trees are pollards . Pollarding is a cyclic process , whereby the tree is cut above the browse height of animals . There are many uses for pollarded wood , from wood-fuel to building uses . Pollarding is a cultural activity that has largely died out in the UK if street trees are ignored . 'Tree Hay ' or animal fodder was another key product taken from pollarded trees .
Ancient trees occur in many situations , occasionally in dense woodland , but more commonly as hedgerow trees , on village greens , and in ancient parks and other wood pasture .
United Kingdom
Ancient trees are more frequent in Great Britain than in many other parts of northern Europe . In the United Kingdom in recent years , these trees are being recorded by the Ancient Tree Hunt so that a national database can be created . Mass participation by thousands of eager volunteers led to the success of this ground-breaking initiative .
Although some initiatives have strict rules on how to measure girth and use GPS devices to document the location of such trees accurately , other schemes rely on members of the public to report large trees . The public have been encouraged to hug big trees in their area to get a measure for their size and report their findings to Natural England or another Veteran Tree organization . 19th-century maps are also being used to find old trees in places such as Cambridgeshire .
Australia
In Australia veteran trees are often connected with the social , cultural , and legal practices of the aboriginal peoples . However , even the more recent European history of settlement has produced historical linkages through individual trees that have survived .
Existing prominent trees were often used as markers , survey points indicating boundaries of both private and government land tenure . Some trees hold an exalted position because they were marked ( blazed ) by 19th-century explorers .
Australia does not have the history of the commons and park lands that help explain these landscape forms elsewhere . The new settlers did however bring with them an appreciation of the value of trees for fuel , fodder and raw material for building ; many of them also showed an appreciation of the amenity value of trees , planting large spreading shade trees on their properties and within their new founded towns and cities .
Many of the ancient trees identified today are living reminders of the previous patterns of settlement , reflecting the economic , cultural and social organization influencing the lives of those living on the land . They often display the physical scars of traumatic events both man made and natural . A tree like this is said to have been veteranized .
There is legislation ( in the form of national , state and local laws ) which recognizes the importance of protecting the environment , but activists have identified gaps in the protection afforded veteran trees , particularly in the face of ever increasing pressures of urban development .
Italy
In Italy , general features required in order to identify an Albero Monumentale ( literally `` monumental tree '' ) are defined by national law number 10 of 14 January 2013 Norme per lo sviluppo degli spazi verdi urbani , which also requires Italian municipalities ( comuni ) to take a census of their veteran trees . Defining local standards , census details , and law enforcement aspects such as fines or subsidies related to veteran trees is a matter transferred to the regions , which usually implement specific leggi regionali ( 'regional laws ' ) .
Silviculture and veterans
Silviculture originally was developed to provide timber from forests run as plantations . But now forestry expands to consider non-economic values and ecological values . As a result , these other values are also considered in silvicultural systems that may lead to veteran trees being supported where they exist or created where they have not previously been so considered . The Shelterwood with reserves method is a form of Shelterwood cutting that may do this .
See also
List of the oldest trees
Tree preservation order
Ancient woodland
References
External links
The Veteran Tree Group Australia blog
Ancient Tree Forum
The Future for Veteran Trees . English Nature , 2000 .
English Heritage : Veteran Trees information — English Heritage
Veteran Trees Management Handbook , English Nature , 2000 .
Monumental Trees gives , oldest , tallest and biggest trees across the world .
Trees
Forest ecology
Environmental terminology
This is a list of notable rail accidents in Thailand .
Before 2000s
1 August 1979 : Ordinary Train No.165 approached the switch in Taling Chan Junction yard and collided with a freight train from Bang Sue Junction , having gone through a red signal . 51 people were killed and 138 injured . It remains Thailand 's worst railway disaster .
8 November 1986 : 6 runaway , unmanned , coupled locomotives which had their engines left on due to maintenance works at Bang Sue Depot collided at Bangkok railway station , killing 4 and injuring 4 .
23 May 1989 : Rapid Train No.38 collided with an overhanging cliff between Pang Puai railway station , Lampang Province and Pha Khan railway station , Phrae Province . 8 carriages fell off the mountainside , resulting in 8 people killed and 139 injured .
26 June 1998 : Rapid Train No . 38 collided with an overhanging cliff between Pha Khan railway station and Ban Pin railway station , Phrae Province . 3 people were killed with an unspecified number of injuries .
2000s
17 January 2005 : ( Bangkok ) 140 injured passengers , resulting from a collision of two metro trains on the newly-opened MRT Blue Line .
5 October 2009 : A passenger train derailed in Hua Hin at 04:50 local time ( 21:50 on October 4 UTC ) . At least seven people were killed and dozens were injured . Occurred during rainstorm .
Train crashes into pick-up truck at railroad crossing in Prachuap Khiri Khan . One dead , two injured .
2010s
6 April 2013 : Ordinary Train No.202 derailed near Lak Si railway station , Bangkok due suspected rail fastening spike theft . There were no casualties .
26 March 2015 : Rapid Train No.107 collided with Express Train No.69 near Ban Don Klang railway halt , Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province , injuring more than 40 people .
8 January 2016 : Ordinary Train No.255 collided with a runaway cattle truck at a level crossing between Phetchaburi railway station and Khao Thamon railway station , Phetchaburi Province , killing 3 and injuring 34 .
3 April 2016 : Excursion Train No.909 collided with a bus at a level crossing near Wat Ngiu Rai railway station , Nakhon Pathom Province , killing 3 and injuring 27 .
1 March 2018 : Express Train No.83 derailed over a curve between Huai Yot railway station and Trang railway station , Trang Province . There were no casualties .
1 March 2018 : Freight Train No.1552 derailed over a railway switch at Bang Klam railway station , Songkhla Province . There were no casualties .
2020s
24 February 2020 : Thaksin Express No.37/45 collided with Freight Train No.722 at Pak Tho railway station , Ratchaburi Province . 42 people were injured .
10 July 2020 : Ordinary Train No . 201 derailed over a railway switch at Ban Mai railway station , Phitsanulok Province . There were no casualties .
11 October 2020 : Freight Train No.852 collided with a bus at a level crossing near Khlong Khwaeng Klan railway halt , Chachoengsao Province . 19 passengers on the bus were killed and 40 were injured .
2 January 2022 : Rapid Train No.172 derailed over a railway switch at Rueso railway station , Narathiwat Province . There were no casualties .
31 January 2022 : Rapid Train No.134 collided with a truck trailer at a railway crossing near Nong Khon Kwang railway station , Udon Thani Province . 2 train crew were killed .
See also
List of rail accidents by country
References
Rail accidents
Thailand
Railway accidents and incidents in Thailand
4th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island , which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993 .
The district comprised the southeastern portion of Queens County . It was abolished in 1996 .
Members
Dual member
Assemblyman-Councillor
Queens 4
1873 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1996 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Benjamin Frith is a British classical pianist . He was born in South Yorkshire , England , on October 11 , 1957 . He began taking piano lessons with Fanny Waterman at age ten . He was encouraged by Waterman to pursue a career after winning the Dudley National Piano Competition in 1972 , at age 14 . Following Frith 's Dudley win , Peter Pears asked him to play at the Aldeburgh Festival .
He was educated at the University of Leeds and graduated with a BA in Music in 1979 . Subsequently , he studied under Fanny Waterman and won several awards early in his career , including the Gold Medal at the 1989 Arthur Rubinstein Piano Competition in Israel . He has appeared with many of the world 's finest orchestras including the Berlin Symphony , Israel Philharmonic , City of Birmingham Symphony , Polish National Radio , and the BBC Philharmonic . He has worked with many leading conductors such as Zubin Mehta , Antoni Wit , Vasary , Skrowaczewski , Bamert , Atzman and Barry Wordsworth .
His repertoire ranges from Bach to Tippett and includes over 50 concertos . He has recorded all the John Field piano concertos ( during 2002 , numbers 5 & 6 reached the top of the classical charts ) and since then has recorded all of Field 's nocturnes for solo piano . His disc of Schumann 's Davidsbündlertänze was chosen as the top recommendation on the Radio 3 “ Building a Library ” programme . Five of his discs are represented in the Gramophone – Best CD Guide and in response to his recording of the Beethoven Diabelli Variations , Gramophone critic Richard Osborne wrote , “ he possesses a formidable talent both musically and technically . Indeed , I would go as far as to suggest that there has not been a finer Diabelli on record by a young pianist since the classic recording by the twenty eight year old Stephen Kovacevich in 1968 ” . A recent recording of a selection of Scarlatti Sonatas was described in the BBC Music Magazine as follows : “ Benjamin Frith is an inspired choice for the fifth disc of the Naxos cycle ; a compelling advocate of the piano , he transports the music to the new medium , capitalising on the piano 's ability to pick out a strand , shape dynamics and bathe textures in subtle pedalling , without ever misrepresenting Scarlatti – a disc to convert the most die-hard authenticist ” .
He is a member of the Gould Piano Trio and is a tutor at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester .
References
External links
Artist biography at Naxos
1957 births
British classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Living people
People from South Yorkshire
Prize-winners of the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition
21st-century classical pianists
Musicians from Yorkshire
21st-century British male musicians
Eduardas Vilkas ( October 3 , 1935 – May 19 , 2008 ) was a Lithuanian economist and politician . In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania .
References
Biography
1935 births
2008 deaths
Lithuanian politicians
Members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Phytotherapy Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers , short communications , reviews , and letters on medicinal plant research . Key areas of interest are pharmacology , toxicology , and the clinical applications of herbs and natural products in medicine , from case histories to full clinical trials , including studies of herb-drug interactions and other aspects of the safety of herbal medicines . Papers concerned with the effects of common food ingredients and standardised plant extracts , including commercial products , are particularly relevant , as are mechanistic studies on isolated natural products .
The editor-in-chief is Angelo Izzo ( University of Naples ) .
Impact factor
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 5.882 , ranking it 8th out of 63 journals in the category `` Chemistry , medicinal '' and 36th out of 276 journals in the category `` Pharmacology & Pharmacy '' .
References
Pharmacology journals
Toxicology journals
Publications established in 1987
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Wiley ( publisher ) academic journals
Chmielew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately east of Korytnica , west of Węgrów , and east of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The 2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women was the first edition of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women . 12 teams featured the competition , held in Bardejov , Lučenec and Ružomberok , in Slovakia , from 28 July to 6 August . The team representing Russia won their first title .
Qualification
Twenty-four national teams entered the qualifying round . They were allocated in five groups . The first two teams of all groups qualified for the tournament , where they joined Spain and Slovakia ( qualified as host ) .
Group A
| }
Group B
| }
Group C
| }
Group D
| }
Group E
| }
Qualified teams
Preliminary round
The twelve teams were allocated in two groups of six teams each .
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
9th–12th playoffs
Championship
5th–8th playoffs
Final standings
References
FIBA Europe Archive
2000
2000–01 in European women 's basketball
2000–01 in Slovak basketball
International women 's basketball competitions hosted by Slovakia
International youth basketball competitions hosted by Slovakia
2000 in youth sport
Jordanów , is a town in southern Poland , on the Skawa river . As of 2018 , the town had a population of 5,360 .
History
Jordanów was founded in 1564 by Spytek Wawrzyniec Jordan on the salt road from Kraków and Wieliczka to Orava and Hungary . In 1581 it got a right to organize annual fairs , which in 17th century became famous in south regions of the Crown . Main goods traded there were linen , cattle and salt . Since 1999 , Jordanów has been situated in Sucha County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship . It was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998 .
Jordanów is the oldest town on the territory of Sucha Beskidzka County . Its history dates back to a royal privilege , issued in 1564 by King Zygmunt August , upon which Spytek Jordan of Zakliczyn was allowed to found a new town . Jordan himself was a rich and influential nobleman , a starosta of Kraków and Crown podskarbi .
The town of Jordanów was located on the grounds of the village of Malejowa , with Magdeburg rights charter . Spytek Jordan , who was regarded as an enlightened man , planned the town square with a town hall ( 1571 ) , hoping that Jordanów would emerge as an important trade and craft center . After Spytko 's death , Jordanów belonged to his wife Anna Sieniawska , and then to several noble families . In 1576 , Stefan Batory confirmed Jordanów 's charter , allowing for two fairs a year . Jordanów prospered , with inns , restaurants , artisans , and warehouses of salt and Hungarian wine , a very popular commodity in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Following the first partition of Poland ( 1772 ) Jordanów was annexed by the Habsburg Empire , and remained in Austrian Galicia until 1918 . During Austrian rule the town declined , with the situation slowly improving after 1884 , when a railroad line with a station was completed . In the Second Polish Republic , Jordanów was a spa , nicknamed Green Town . The town , however , remained poor , with high unemployment and no industry .
In early September 1939 , during the Invasion of Poland , Jordanów was burned by the Wehrmacht ( see also Battle of Jordanów ) . Out of 400 houses , 270 were completely destroyed . The town was once again burned in January 1945 , and for its sufferings , in 1984 was awarded the Order of the Cross of Grunwald .
External links
Municipality home page
Jewish Community in Jordanów on Virtual Shtetl
Cities and towns in Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Sucha County
Kraków Voivodeship ( 14th century – 1795 )
Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Kraków Voivodeship ( 1919–1939 )
Populated places established in 1564
1564 establishments in Europe
Holocaust locations in Poland
16th-century establishments in Poland
Martin Schiele ( 17 January 1870 – 16 February 1939 ) was a German nationalist politician . He was part of the leadership of the German National People 's Party ( DNVP ) from its 1918 founding until Alfred Hugenberg became leader in 1928 . He was also the chief representative of the agrarian wing of the DNVP .
As a member of Hans Luther 's coalition government , Schiele secured the restoration of agricultural and industrial protectionism with the tariff of 1925 . As Minister of Food in 1927–28 , he favored state credit as a means for subsidising agriculture .
He was persuaded by President Hindenburg to return as Minister of Food in Heinrich Brüning 's cabinet . The Agricultural League under Schiele 's leadership was criticised by Richard Walther Darré 's Nazi Agrarian Apparatus . Schiele ceased to be leader of the Agricultural League shortly after the 1930 election . Unhappy with Hugenberg 's leadership , Schiele left the DNVP and moved closer to the Conservative People 's Party .
References
External links
1870 births
1939 deaths
People from Stendal ( district )
People from the Province of Saxony
German Protestants
German Conservative Party politicians
German National People 's Party politicians
Christian-National Peasants ' and Farmers ' Party politicians
Interior ministers of Germany
Members of the 13th Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the Weimar National Assembly
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
Róbert Ilyés ( born 4 February 1974 ) is a Romanian football manager and former player of Hungarian ethnicity who played as a midfielder . He is currently the assistant manager of Sepsi OSK .
Club career
Foresta Fălticeni
He started his professional career by joining Divzia B side Foresta Fălticeni in 1995 . In his second season at the club he played a crucial role in winning the 1996–97 Divizia B title that also meant promotion to Divizia A . The club barely avoided relegation at the end of the 1997–98 Divizia A season and as the team stood last before the winter break of the 1998–99 Divizia A season he left midseason to the better rated Divzia A side Astra Ploiești .
Astra Ploiești
With his continued good performances as a box-to-box midfielder throughout the 3 seasons that he played for Astra , he drew the attention of bigger Bucharest clubs .
Rapid București
Rapid București manager Viorel Hizo signed him during the winter transfer window of the 2001–02 Divizia A . He enjoyed major success at the club , winning the 2001–02 Cupa României , 2002 Supercupa României , 2002–03 Divizia A and 2003 Supercupa României . Although he was vital to the team 's success , he felt that his financial compensation was unfairly low compared to other teammates . He did not renew his contract in the winter of 2005 .
Khazar Lankaran
During his one and a half-year spell at the club , he went on to win both the 2006–07 Azerbaijan Top League and 2006–07 Azerbaijan Cup with Khazar .
FC Brașov
He returned to Romania to Liga II side FC Brașov in July 2007 . Being the team captain , he helped the side promote to Liga I by winning the 2007–08 Liga II . He spent the following 3 seasons playing for the club in Liga I .
Târgu Mureș
After one last Liga I season at FCM Târgu Mureș , he decided to retire as a player .
Later lower league games
After a brief assistant manager spell at FC Brașov , he returned to play football in the lower Romanian leagues as the player-manager of FK Csíkszereda . While being the assistant manager of Sepsi OSK , he made a few Liga III appearances for the club 's reserve team . He scored his last Liga III goal on 9 October 2020 at the age of 46 .
Managerial career
In 2013 he had a brief spell as the assistant manager of Liga I side FC Brașov . Later in 2013 he became player-manager at his hometown club FK Csíkszereda . He led the team to promotion from Liga IV to Liga III at the end of his first season but he struggled to obtain promotion to Liga II in the following 3 seasons . In 2017 he switched to coaching the youth team of the club and in 2018 he obtained the UEFA B Licence in Hungary . He left FK Csíkszereda for an assistant manager role at Liga I side Sepsi OSK in 2019 .
International career
He was player-manager of the Székely Land squad that finished 3rd at the 2017 ConIFA European Football Cup and 4th at the 2018 ConIFA World Football Cup respectively .
Statistics
Honours
Club
Foresta Fălticeni
Divizia B : 1996–97
Rapid București
Divizia A : 2002–03
Cupa României : 2001–02 , 2005–06
Supercupa României : 2002 , 2003
Khazar Lankaran
Azerbaijan Top League : 2006–07
Azerbaijan Cup : 2006–07
FC Brașov
Liga II : 2007–08
Csíkszereda Miercurea Ciuc
Liga IV – Harghita County : 2013–14
International
Székely Land
CONIFA European Football Cup third place : 2017
CONIFA World Football Cup fourth place : 2018
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Miercurea Ciuc
Romanian people of Hungarian descent
Romanian sportspeople of Hungarian descent
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football player-managers
Liga I players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
FC Rapid București players
FC Brașov ( 1936 ) players
ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș players
FK Miercurea Ciuc players
Khazar Lankaran FK players
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Romanian football managers
Liga I managers
FK Miercurea Ciuc managers
Sepsi OSK Sfântu Gheorghe managers
620 W. Surf is the debut album by the American musician Michael McDermott , released in 1991 . The album is named after McDermott 's former address in Chicago .
`` A Wall I Must Climb '' peaked at No . 34 on Billboard '' 's Mainstream Rock chart . McDermott supported the album with a North American tour that included shows with the BoDeans .
Production
The album was produced by Don Gehman and coproduced by Brian Koppelman , who had signed McDermott . On many songs , McDermott 's voice is supported only by his guitar and harmonica ; McDermott wrote all of the songs . Bruce Hornsby contributed to 620 W. Surf .
Critical reception
The Austin American-Statesman wrote that `` A Wall I Must Climb '' `` suggests that his most stirring songcraft also is the simplest , while much of the rest practically begs for McDermott to lighten up a little and submit to some judicious editing . '' Newsday concluded that `` McDermott squanders his feelings and insight on excessive verbiage . '' The Republican opined that `` though far too musically derivative at this point , McDermott is a very capable lyric writer . `` The Philadelphia Inquirer stated that Gehman `` unleashes a full-throttle rhythm section only where necessary ( as on the rocking 'Sacred Ground ' ) , which gives the album a sense of drama and development . '' The Washington Post '' concluded that `` it probably will take a couple of albums before McDermott sheds some of the stylistic affectations that occasionally get in the way of his storytelling . ''
AllMusic noted that `` the arrangements throughout the record are very effective , and are generally enhanced by McDermott 's passionate vocals , though his occasional vocal excesses can become grating and interfere with the introspective tone of his songs . ''
Track listing
References
1991 debut albums
Giant Records ( Warner ) albums
Albums produced by Don Gehman
Pit barbecue is a method and/or apparatus for barbecue cooking meat and root vegetables buried below ground . Indigenous peoples around the world used earth ovens for thousands of years . In modern times the term and activity is often associated with the Eastern Seaboard , the `` barbecue belt '' , colonial California in the United States and Mexico . The meats usually barbecued in a pit in these contexts are beef , pork , and goat .
California
Throughout the New World the indigenous peoples of the Americas cooked in the earth for millennia . The original use of buried cooking in pits in North America was done by the Native Americans for thousands of years , including by the tribes of California .
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries eras , when the territory became Spanish Las Californias and then Mexican Alta California , the Missions and ranchos of California had large cattle herds for hides and tallow use and export . At the end of the culling and leather tanning season large pit barbecues cooked the remaining meat . In the early days of California statehood after 1850 the Californios continued the outdoor cooking tradition for fiestas .
Traditional Californian pit barbecuing is not done often in contemporary times , due to needing space and labor to dig a pit , significant firewood requirements , and air quality concerns . However , in 2007 the 'Culinary Historians of Southern California ' recreated an Early California pit barbecue on the grounds of the Mexican Rancho San Jose , at the Ygnacio Palomares Adobe in Pomona . It required burning hundreds of pounds of wood in the pit over the preceding night , then lowering cloth-wrapped , marinated meat into the resulting pit of coals and covering everything with earth . After cooking all night , participants pronounced the results `` incredibly tender , deeply smoky meat . '' A traditional Horno was used for baking .
The Santa Maria Style BBQ , originally from the Central Coast of California , uses a portable 'towed ' trailer version frequently seen at farmers markets .
Eastern seaboard
Pit barbecuing is also popular along the Eastern Seaboard of the U.S . The buried version of the New England clam bake is one example . In Maryland it is done at large `` bull roasts '' in the summer season and `` Bull & Oyster Roasts '' in colder months . Maryland-style pit beef is not barbecue cookery in the strictest sense . Instead , it is typically cooked quickly over charcoal . The meat is typically served rare with a strong horseradish sauce as the condiment .
Southern-style pit barbecue
Across the `` barbecue belt '' of the United States , pit barbecue can also refer to an enclosed , above-ground `` pit '' such as a horno or outdoor pizza oven . The method of cooking the meat is slowly , using various hardwoods to flavor the meat . This breaks down the connective tissue in the meats , producing a tender product . The types of meat cooked in this fashion include both beef and pork .
See also
Kalua
Earth oven
Category index - Earth ovens
Category index - Barbecues
List of ovens
References
Barbecue
Earth oven
Native American cuisine
Adagil is a village in Jalandhar . Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab .
About
Adagil lies on the Jalandhar-Kapurthala road . The nearest railway station to Adagil is Jalandhar Railway station at 14 km from it .
Post code
Adagil 's Post office is Athola whose PIN code is 144002 .
References
A Punjabi website with Adagil 's details
Villages in Jalandhar district
Topolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately west of Stare Babice , north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki , and west of Warsaw .
References
Topolin
Ghogha railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone . It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Ghogha in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar .
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
World Peace is an American post-ironic comedy television series starring and created by sketch comedy group A Million Dollar Extreme , which premiered on Adult Swim on August 5 , 2016 .
On December 5 , 2016 , the show was canceled . It was available to stream on the Adult Swim website until its removal on June 12 , 2020 .
Premise
Each episode of World Peace was the Adult Swim standard of eleven minutes in length , and starred Million Dollar Extreme troupe leader Sam Hyde and frequent collaborators Nick Rochefort and Charls Carroll . Erick Hayden , another MDE sketch collaborator , also appeared in four episodes in an `` also starring '' role . Andrew Ruse , who worked with the troupe in the past , directed the series in addition to serving as writer and executive producer alongside Sam , Nick and Charls .
The show claimed to be set in a post-apocalyptic nightmare world that satirizes the current political climate . Each episode was made up of multiple sketches , connected by hyper stylized transitional graphics . The end of each episode featured a musical guest ( though each guest 's performance was incomplete and was used to provide a bed of closing credits music ) .
History
Production
On May 7 , 2015 , it was announced that Adult Swim had ordered an untitled pilot by Million Dollar Extreme described as a `` sketch show ... set in an almost present-day post-apocalyptic nightmare world '' . Based on that pilot , it was announced on March 3 , 2016 , that it would go to series with the group presenting it under the additional subtitle World Peace , and the first season consisting of six episodes under the network 's traditional eleven-minute episode structure . The show was produced in-house by Rent Now Productions , Inc. , and shot in Atlanta , Georgia . The show additionally benefitted from the Georgia production tax credit .
According to a YouTube interview with Sam Hyde , the network 's marketing department produced billboard proofs with over-the-top tag lines such as `` World Peace is Racist , Hateful , and Takes No Prisoners . '' Hyde claimed this sabotaged the marketing by forcing him to reject the marketing team 's ideas resulting in no billboards for the series . Hyde also claimed that one of the Williams Street production staff was fired from her position after a failed attempt to break into the show 's editing suite to delete the show 's footage , and that Million Dollar Extreme members were confronted at an Adult Swim company party by someone saying she was going to get them fired .
Controversy
BuzzFeed News writer Joseph Bernstein was active in criticizing the show after a heated interview with creator Sam Hyde . He wrote that a source told him the network 's standards departments repeatedly discovered and removed `` coded racist messages , including hidden swastikas '' . Hyde addressed these allegations in a YouTube response , asserting these claims were complete fabrications . In the same article , Adult Swim series creator Brett Gelman claimed that the show is `` an instrument of hate . '' Gelman would later cut ties with the network over Mike Lazzo 's comments regarding women in the workplace , while also citing the network 's greenlighting of World Peace as playing a significant part in the decision . Gelman 's business collaborator , Tim Heidecker , also voiced his support for Gelman 's decision to leave the network on Facebook . In addition to claims of coded messages , news sources such as The Atlantic also detailed the controversial actual content of the show , which `` seem to exist only to shock and offend '' , including a sketch in which `` Hyde appears in blackface , screaming at a woman in exaggerated vernacular '' .
Reception
The show premiered to 1,033,000 viewers , with its audience varied week-to-week by a range of 290,000 viewers and average of 896,720 viewers . The finale was its highest-rated episode , with 1,053,000 viewers .
Cancellation
Adult Swim announced on December 5 , 2016 , that the show would not be renewed for a second season . The network faced internal opposition to its continuation , mainly regarding accusations of Hyde 's alleged connections to the alt-right . According to Hyde , despite Adult Swim executives ' apparent interest to pick up the show for a second season , Turner ultimately decided to cancel the show . Hyde also accused Tim Heidecker of being against the series due to his political views , and using his influence with network executives to prevent its renewal for a second season , though Heidecker has denied this multiple times .
Following the cancellation , musicians whose work was featured on the show , including Molly Nilsson , Chastity Belt , Ovlov , and 3Teeth , disavowed the show . All four acts made the common claim that they were unaware of Million Dollar Extreme 's beliefs or political views prior to meeting them or viewing their work . John Maus remained silent until a year later , when he told Noisey , `` I never had , from what I know about it , any indication that anything other than certain instances of a sort of trolling was going on . What did they do that made them Nazis ? Maybe I have n't looked into it . ''
Episodes
References
Notes
External links
2010s American sketch comedy television series
2016 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
Alt-right
English-language television shows
Post-apocalyptic television series
Adult Swim original programming
Race-related controversies in television
Television controversies in the United States
Television series by Williams Street
The white-barred piculet ( Picumnus cirratus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae , the woodpeckers , piculets , and wrynecks . It is found in south-eastern Brazil south and west to the Pantanal , and into south-eastern Bolivia , Paraguay and northern Argentina . A disjunct population occurs in the coastal parts of French Guiana , south to the Brazilian state of Amapá and west along the lower Amazon River up to around the Tapajós River . A small , apparently isolated population is found in southern Guyana and adjacent Roraima . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , and heavily degraded former forest .
Taxonomy
The white-barred piculet was first described in 1825 by the Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck . It was given the name Picumnus cirratus , the specific name meaning `` curly headed '' , cirrus being Latin for a ringlet or curl . Molecular studies show that it is the sister species to P. temminckii and also closely related to P. dorbignyanus , and at different times these species have been treated as synonymous . Six subspecies are recognised ; P. c. confusus found in southwestern Guyana , northern Brazil and French Guiana ; the Marajo piculet , P. c. macconnelli found in the eastern Amazon region of northeastern Brazil ; P. c. thamnophiloides found in southeastern Bolivia and northeastern Argentina ; P. c. tucumanus found in northwestern Argentina ; the Pilcomayo piculet , P. c. pilcomayensis found in southeastern Bolivia , Paraguay and northeastern Argentina ; and the nominate subspecies P. c. cirratus found in southeastern Brazil , southern Mato Grosso and eastern Paraguay .
The taxonomy of this species is difficult ; the races pilcomayensis , thamnophiloides and tucumanus intergrade in northern Argentina and are sometimes considered a separate species , and pilcomayensis intergrades with cirratus in eastern Paraguay . The northern subspecies , confusus and macconnelli may also be a distinct species . The white-barred piculet also hybridizes widely with several other species of piculet where their ranges overlap ; these include the varzea ( P. varzeae ) along the Amazon River , the ochre-collared ( P. temminckii ) in southeastern Brazil , the ocellated ( P. dorbignyanus ) in Bolivia , and the white-wedged piculet ( P. albosquamatus ) , also in Bolivia .
Description
The white-barred piculet is between long . The sexes differ in that the male has red streaks or a solid red patch on the fore-crown , while the female lacks this . The rest of the crown is black , speckled with white . The upper parts of the body are tan or olive-brown , faintly barred with white , and the main flight feathers are chocolate brown . The ear coverts and cheeks are olive brown and there is a white streak above or behind the eye . The lower cheeks , chin and throat are white , faintly barred with black . The underparts are white or cream , boldly barred with black , the broadest stripes being on the belly and flanks . The tail is chocolate brown apart from the central pair of feathers which are white , and the two outer pairs which have the inner webs white near the tip . The iris is brown , the orbital ring bluish-grey , the beak black and the legs grey .
Distribution and habitat
There are two different sub-populations of this bird on either side of the equator in South America . The northerly population is in Guyana , northwestern French Guiana and northern Brazil . The southern population is in southeastern Brazil , eastern Bolivia , eastern Paraguay and northern Argentina . The white-barred piculet occupies various habitats including wet and dry woodland , forest verges , thickets , gallery forests , wooded savannah , scrub , bamboo clumps , vines , creepers and overgrown parks and gardens at elevations of up to about . It is a resident , sedentary species .
Ecology
The white-barred piculet usually forages singly , but may join small mixed species flocks . It feeds on ants , their larvae and eggs , beetle larvae and other small invertebrates . It actively drills holes in wood and may also feed on sap that oozes from puncture marks . It sometimes follows swarming ants . Northern races breed between July and December , while southern races do so between September and March . The nest is a hole in a tree a few metres off the ground .
Status
This bird has a very large range and is described as being common . The population is believed to be in slow decline , because of ongoing destruction of the rainforest , but this is not happening at such a rate as to make the species vulnerable , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
External links
White-barred piculet videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps ( for Guyana ) with RangeMap
White-barred piculet photo gallery VIREO
Picumnus ( bird )
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of South America
White-barred piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Procambarus pygmaeus , commonly known as the Christmas tree crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae . It is endemic to the south-eastern United States .
References
Cambaridae
Endemic fauna of the United States
Freshwater crustaceans of North America
Crustaceans described in 1942
Taxa named by Horton H. Hobbs Jr .
Oboya is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Bendere Oboya ( born 2000 ) , Australian athlete
Patrick Oboya ( born 1987 ) , Kenyan footballer
Ricardo Bruno Antunes Machado Rio ( born 21 November 1972 ) is a Portuguese economist and politician , currently serving as mayor of Braga .
A member of the Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) , he became mayor in the 2013 local elections in coalition with the CDS – People 's Party and People 's Monarchist Party . Since the first democratic elections in 1976 , the city had been presided over by Mesquita Machado of the Socialist Party , who did not run in 2013 due to term limits .
In April 2017 , the PSD voted unanimously for him to be their mayoral candidate for the elections in October . One of his policies was to convert Braga into a smart city . He won a second term , with his right-wing coalition getting 53 % of the votes .
Rio 's coalition , now including the Alliance , won a third absolute majority in 2021 . He called this victory one in a `` very different scenario '' due to the arrival of rival right-wing parties in Chega and the Liberal Initiative .
References
Mayors of places in Portugal
Social Democratic Party ( Portugal ) politicians
People from Braga
Living people
1972 births
University of Porto alumni
Arielle North Olson is an author of children 's books .
Family
Arielle is the daughter of noted author Sterling North , who wrote Rascal . She is also the niece of author , poet and editor Jessica Nelson North . She is one of the copyright owners of Sterling North 's body of work . She now has three children and seven grandchildren , and is a resident of St. Louis , Missouri .
Arielle is from a multi-generation literary family . Arielle 's great-grandparents , James Hervey Nelson and Sarah Orelup Nelson , were Wisconsin pioneers . In 1917 , which would have been her great-grandfather James Hervey Nelson 's 100th birthday , three of her great-uncles , including early Amazon missionary Justus Henry Nelson , wrote extended biographies about their parents and their pioneer farm life . These writing efforts may have been a literary inspiration to both her father Sterling and her aunt Jessica .
Writing career
Arielle has written :
Hurry Home Grandma
Noah 's Cats and the Devil 's Fire
The Lighthouse Keeper 's Daughter
She has edited :
Ask the Bones : Scary Stories from Around the World
More Bones : Scary Stories From Around The World
She also reviewed children 's books for the St. Louis Post Dispatch for 26 years .
Her biography is captured in :
Contemporary Authors
References
External links
Missouri authors
Mention of her in article about St. Louis ' literary legacy
Article about the Centennial Celebration and the naming of Edgerton as `` Booktown ''
Agenda of the Centennial celebration mentioning her as starting the Opening Ceremony
Sterling North Society newsletter mentioning her several times .
Short bio of her in the Edgerton Bookfest notes
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American children 's writers
American women novelists
Novelists from Missouri
Novelists from Wisconsin
Living people
American women children 's writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Writers from St. Louis
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Linspherbach is a river of Hesse , Germany . It flows into the Eder near Allendorf .
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Scott County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas . As of the 2010 census , the population was 11,233 . The county seat is Waldron . Scott County is Arkansas ' 28th county , formed on November 5 , 1833 , and named for Andrew Scott , a justice of the Supreme Court of the Arkansas Territory . It is an alcohol-prohibited or dry county .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Major highways
Future Interstate 49
U.S. Highway 71
U.S. Highway 270
Highway 23
Highway 28
Highway 80
Highway 250
Adjacent counties
Sebastian County ( northwest )
Logan County ( northeast )
Yell County ( east )
Montgomery County ( southeast )
Polk County ( south )
Le Flore County , Oklahoma ( west )
National protected area
Ouachita National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 9,836 people , 3,944 households , and 2,569 families residing in the county .
2000 census
As of the 2000 census , there were 10,996 people , 4,323 households , and 3,121 families residing in the county . The population density was 12 people per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . There were 4,924 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 93.53 % White , 0.23 % Black or African American , 1.40 % Native American , 0.95 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 2.56 % from other races , and 1.32 % from two or more races . 5.71 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,323 households , out of which 32.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.5 % were married couples living together , 8.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.8 % were non-families . 24.8 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.5 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 24.2 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.7 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 101.9 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.6 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 26,412 , and the median income for a family was $ 30,311 . Males had a median income of $ 23,118 versus $ 17,127 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,609 . About 15.3 % of families and 18.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.2 % of those under age 18 and 14.1 % of those age 65 or over .
As of 2010 Scott County had a population of 11,233 . The racial makeup was 85.35 % white , 0.47 % black , 1.85 % Native American , 3.42 % Asian , 2.12 % Non-Hispanics reporting more than one race and 6.96 % Hispanics or Latinos .
Government
Scott County is represented the Arkansas House of Representatives by the Republicans Marcus Richmond , a businessman from Harvey , and Jon Eubanks , a farmer and Certified Public Accountant from Paris .
Over the past few election cycles Scott County has trended heavily towards the GOP . The last Democrat ( as of 2020 ) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996 .
Communities
Cities
Mansfield
Waldron ( county seat )
Census-designated places
Boles
Townships
Black Fork
Blansett
Brawley
Cauthron
Cedar
Coal
Denton
Hickman ( Waldron )
Hon
Hunt
James
Jones
Keener
La Faye
Lafayette
Lamb
Lewis ( Mansfield )
Little Texas
Mill Creek
Mountain
Mount Pleasant
Oliver
Parks
Tate
Tomlinson
See also
List of lakes in Scott County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Scott County , Arkansas
References
External links
Scott County , Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Scott County official website
1833 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1833
D-Force , known in Japan as , is a 1991 vertical scrolling shooter video game developed and published in Japan by Asmik for the Super Famicom and later localized and published in North America by Asmik Corporation of America for the Super NES . It involves an Apache helicopter set on defeating an evil Middle Eastern dictator . There are seven levels which feature six countries . Some of the levels involve switching altitudes in order to attack enemies from a different height , which uses Mode 7 , one of the main features of the Super NES .
Gameplay
The main menu splits the game up into three sections ; `` Game Start , '' `` Shooting Mode , '' and `` Exploration Mode . ''
Game Start plays through all of the game 's seven levels . Shooting Mode plays only the first , third , and fifth levels where consistent shooting and dodging enemy fire is the main focus . These levels are also the only levels that feature the ability to gain bullet and missile power-ups to the helicopter . `` Exploration Mode '' plays only the second , fourth , and sixth levels which involve switching altitudes to shoot down certain enemies and avoid obstacles . Only the Game Start mode plays the seventh and final level in addition to the game 's first six levels .
Gameplay involves being the pilot of an Apache Helicopter , and shooting enemies down in the style of a vertical scrolling shooter . Large red gunships can be shot down to gain power-ups for the helicopter in order to upgrade the guns and have it fire homing missiles . Each level features a midboss and a boss , and both must be destroyed in order to advance to the next level . The style of the levels as the player advances alternates between `` Shooting Mode '' and `` Exploration Mode , '' where the latter involves levels set in a fantasy-like setting and are the only level types that provide no power-ups to the player and give the player the ability to switch their altitude .
Music
The music played at the menu is a variation of the French national anthem , La Marseillaise .
The music played at the ending credits is a variation of the Soviet Union National Anthem .
References
1991 video games
Asmik Ace Entertainment games
Helicopter video games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in the Middle East
The Root of His Evil is a novel by James M. Cain published in paperback by Avon in 1951 .
Though Cain routinely employed the first-person narrative to tell his stories , The Root of His Evil is the only novel published in his lifetime in which Cain “ writes through the voice of a woman. ” ( His 1941 novel Mildred Pierce is written in the third-person ) .
The work was originally written in the form of a serial entitled “ A Modern Cinderella ” in 1938 , but was never purchased by any literary magazine .
The story was adapted to film by Universal Pictures in 1939 and released as When Tomorrow Comes , starring Irene Dunne and Charles Boyer in 1939 . Another version , Interlude was released in 1957 and directed by Douglas Sirk .
In the late 1940s and early 1950s , Cain published three paperback fictions that involve divorce and provide upbeat endings . The Root of His Evil surpasses in quality his other two works : Sinful Woman ( 1947 ) and Jealous Woman ( 1950 ) .
Plot
Publication history
The 1951 Avon paperback edition entitled The Root of His Evil had its origins in an exchange between Cain and Collier 's literary editor Kenneth Littauer in 1938 . Littaurer suggested that Cain write a contemporary version of the fairytale Cinderella , famously recorded by the Brothers Grimm . The original drafts were titled “ A Modern Cinderella ” while Cain was developing the narrative in the late 1930s .
Written at a period of widespread labor unrest in the later years of the Great Depression , the story features a conflict between a millionaire industrialist and a union organizer , serving as a backdrop for Cain 's central theme : the struggle of a young woman to achieve control over her personal and professional life in a man 's world . Cain 's literary posture towards labor unions was largely informed by his commitment to individualism belies his positive descriptions of collective struggle in the story .
Cain completed “ A Modern Cinderella ” in November 1938 , dictating the work to stenographer Sarah Goodwin , his only story recorded in this manner .
Despite his high expectations for the serial , the major magazines in the country declined to purchase it . Cain had been cautioned by his spouse Elina Tyszecka that unflattering portrayals of organized labor and its leadership would hurt prospects for the sale of work in an era of high union membership . Even after Cain made a number of revisions “ A Modern Cinderella ” , it was never published by any literary journal .
The fortunes for Cain 's work changed abruptly when his agent James Geller sold the property to Universal Pictures for $ 17,500 in November .
Not until 1951 did Cain see his work published in print , when Avon press agreed to offer it as a paperback as a novel , with the title changed to The Root of His Evil .
Structure and theme
Cain 's female protagonist , Carrie Selden , presents an “ interesting variation ” on the leading character in his 1941 novel Mildred Pierce . Significantly , Cain tells her story through the voice of Carrie , distinguishing it from his third-person portrayal of Mildred Pierce .
Like protagonist Mildred Pierce , Carrie Selden rises from waitress to that of a high-functioning entrepreneur with tremendous business acumen . In this sphere , she surpasses her husband and his male associates . Literary critic and novelist David Madden observes : “ Both are waitresses for a time , both have weak husbands and are pursued by seemingly strong lovers . They are forced , because of male weakness or insufficiency , to make good in the male world , even to best the man. ” Cain 's “ Cinderella ” bears some resemblance to the Carrie Meeber in Theodore Dreiser 's Sister Carrie ( 1900 ) —the identical name was not accidental—in their mutual desire for wealth and recognition . David Madden comments on the fairy tale theme :
Cain also introduces an “ Oedipal element into the story concerning the relationship between Grant and his mother , the still youthful Agnes , who exerts a powerful , quasi-sexual control over her son .
The “ evil ” in the book 's title is a reference to Grant 's thralldom to his mother , a spell that is broken by Carrie , when she emerges victorious in a vicious verbal combat with Grant 's mother over which woman will possess Grant . Liberated from his mother Grant shifts his loyalty to Carrie , his “ redeemer. ” Paul Skenazy writes :
Film adaption : When Tomorrow Comes ( 1939 )
“ A Modern Cinderella ” was adapted to film in 1939 by Universal Pictures and released as When Tomorrow Comes
When screen star Irene Dunne was selected to play protagonist Carrie Selden , the actress insisted that she play opposite Charles Boyer . Cain commented that Boyer , who often played sophisticated European lovers , was ill-suited for the role of the Harvard WASP Grant Harris . Universal altered the story to make the male protagonist a concert pianist . Dunne 's contract also stipulated that she sing at least one song in the picture . Cain , who had endeavored to become an opera singer in his youth , remarked that this was satisfactory , because if his heroine Carrie had been a vocalist “ she would have had a voice about as bad as Miss Dunne 's . ”
The screenplay proved to be challenging for the director John M. Stahl , who conferred with the author . Cain sympathized with Stahl , acknowledging that “ making that guy [ Grant Harris ] into a hero was more than I could do after plenty of time of trying. ” Screenwriter Dwight Taylor , who wrote the final script for the picture , approached Cain as well , reporting that he was having unspecified conflicts with Stahl . When Tomorrow Comes opened at the Pantages Theatre in August 1939 . Cain , who was in attendance , recognized immediately that the film had virtually nothing in common with his original story . One notable scene , however , did resemble a sensasional episode from Cain 's 1937 novel Serenade , which depicts a sexual encounter in a Catholic church during a sub-tropical rainstorm in Mexico .
Cain reluctantly initiated a plagiarism lawsuit against Universal that would work its way through the courts over the next three years . In 1942 , the court ruled that the similarity between the literary scene in Serenade and the cinematic scene in When Tomorrow Comes were not self-evident . Cain , doubting the validity of his own case after hearing the testimony , declined to appeal .
References
Sources
Hoopes , Roy . 1982 . Cain . Holt , Reinhart and Winston . New York .
Madden , David . 1970 . James M. Cain . Twayne Publishers , Inc. Library Catalog Card Number : 78-120011 .
Skenazy , Paul . 1989 . James M. Cain . Continuum Publishing Company . New York .
1951 novels
Un Jour Parfait ( French for `` a perfect day '' ) is the second solo album by the Stranglers ' bassist Jean-Jacques Burnel , released on 23 September 1988 by Epic Records . The album was aimed at the French market and its release limited to certain territories , but was available in the UK as an import . All songs were written in French , except `` Garden of Eden '' .
Background
In a 1992 interview , Burnel explained : `` with this I wanted to do something with French sounds and sensibilities '' . Pat Gilbert of Record Collector magazine described the album as a `` collection of melodic pop songs ... including a number of Latin-tinged tracks which faintly echoed the light , whimsical strains of the Stranglers ' Feline album . '' In his book Peaches : A Chronicle of The Stranglers 1974-1990 , Robert Endeacott described it as having `` a gentle Euro disco vibe mixed in with a strong sense of melancholy , soaked in majestic keyboards . ''
The track `` Weekend '' is a reworking of `` Les Dames de Rochefort '' , a 1988 song by Belgian band Glacier Georges .
The album was reissued on CD in 1994 by Stranglers Information Service and again in 1998 by Eastworld Recordings . Both reissues featured new cover artwork and bonus tracks .
Track listing
All lyrics and music written by Jean-Jacques Burnel , except where noted .
1998 CD reissue bonus track
This reissue includes the same 3 bonus tracks , and in the same order , as the 1994 reissue .
Personnel
Adapted from the album liner notes .
Musicians
Jean-Jacques Burnel - bass , guitar , programming , drums
Dave Greenfield - keyboards
Glaciers George - keyboards on `` Weekend ''
Alex Gifford - saxophone
Chris Lawrence - trombone
Jason Votier - trumpet
Technical
Jean-Jacques Burnel - producer , engineer
Owen Morris - engineer
Dave Greenfield - engineer
Bang Hai Ja - cover painting
Jean-Yves Legras - photography
Grant Louden - graphics
Jean-Luke Epstein - graphics
Simon J. Webb - cover design ( 1994 and 1998 reissues )
References
External links
Worldwide Discography - JJ Burnel page
Jean-Jacques Burnel albums
1988 albums
Epic Records albums
French-language albums
Arjun Menon ( born 19 December 1987 ) is an Indian playback singer and songwriter based in New York City and London . He has sung for music directors including A.R . Rahman , Harris Jayaraj and G.V Prakash . Arjun started his music career performing Carnatic music as a solo artist and subsequently performed several shows across the country collaborating with top musicians . He sang the re-recording song `` Kulu Kulu Venpani Pola '' for the movie Engeyum Kadhal , which was composed and penned by Harris Jayaraj . His playblack debut and big break came with the song `` Latcham Calorie '' from the movie Yaan in 2014 .
Early life
Arjun was born on 19 December 1987 into a family of music connoisseurs . His parents , Prem Menon and Usha , discovered his love for music at a young age and initiated his vocal training when he was four . He started learning Carnatic music under several gurus , including Ajay Namboodiri and Prof. Ramamoorthy Rao ( a disciple of Bhimsen Joshi ) . He was also briefly under the tutelage of Chitravina Ravikiran . He performed his first stage show at the age of five .
He performed several Carnatic concerts from 1997 to 2003 and performed at the prestigious Tiruvaiyyaru Tyagaraja Aradhana in the years 1999 and 2000 . During his schooling , Arjun was exposed to several genres of music which inspired him to learn to play the acoustic guitar . He won several competitions organized by groups like the Sangam Kala Group and the Annual Swathi Smrithi Music Competition .
In 2001 , Arjun played the role of Ayyappan in the Malayalam television series Swami Ayyappan . The series was directed by P. N. Menon and was broadcast on Asianet .
While at college , Arjun took part in several inter-college culturals . He won several awards , including Best Vocalist at Pradharshini in 2006 ( conducted by the Kilpauk Medical College ) and Light Music Vocal - Solo Title at Saarang in 2009 . While at college , he formed the band Clarity in Confusion .
Arjun completed his school education at Chinmaya Vidyalaya , Taylors Road in 2005 . He went on to complete a Bachelors degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering at Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering in 2009 . He also holds a PGDBA in Operations Management from SCDL , Pune . He speaks English , Tamil and Malayalam fluently , and sings in Tamil , Hindi , Telugu , Malayalam and Urdu .
Career
Music
Arjun 's music career started at a young age . He started performing carnatic music concerts across the country as a solo artist , often accompanying his gurus . He appeared on Isai Unplugged , a television show on the Zee Tamil channel , in 2010 . The show ran for over a year and saw him collaborate with several prominent musicians . In the second season of the show , in 2013 , he performed with his melodic rock band CinC .
He sang the re-recording song `` Kulu Kulu Venpani Pola '' , composed by Harris Jeyaraj , in the Kollywood movie Engeyum Kadhal in 2011 . He also sang on the soundtracks of several other films , including Saguni and Thalaiva . During this period , he collaborated with several independent musicians and sang on gospel and devotional albums .
Arjun 's playback debut came in 2014 with the song `` Latcham Calorie '' from the movie Yaan . The song received great reviews from both critics and music lovers and found its place in the Radio Mirchi Top 20 Tamil Songs ( peak position 5 ) , Suryan FM Top 20 Tamil ( peak position 1 ) , Behindwoods Top 10 Songs ( peak position 4 ) and ranked no 3 in Qatar iTunes Top 100
Arjun has performed over 400 shows across the country and has judged music competitions at various corporate and educational institutions like Anna University , SIET , Meenakshi Dental College , AJUBA , Cognizant and Ethiraj College . He regularly performs gigs with his melodic rock band - CinC .
He has performed across India , the US and Canada .
IT
Arjun serves as an Account Manager at Cognizant . He joined Cognizant after graduating in 2009 .
Discography
Film Songs
Title Songs for Television Soaps
Personal life
Arjun is married to Preethi , a software professional . They have a daughter Aria .
Voluntary Work & Fund Raising
While at school , Arjun was a member of several non profit voluntary organizations including the National Cadet Corps where he held the rank of Sergeant . He was also an active member of the Junior Red Cross , a sub-division of the Indian Red Cross . While at college , he was the President of the college chapter of the national professional non-profit organization Indian Society for Technical Education and was an active member of the college Rotract Club .
Arjun has performed at several fund raiser shows for non profit organizations including the Rotary International , Round Table and the TANKER foundation . He regularly performs for children with special needs and has also performed at orphanages like Udavum Karangal .
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Songwriters from New York ( state )
American male singers of Indian descent
American singers of Indian descent
Tamil playback singers
Telugu playback singers
Singers from Chennai
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
American male songwriters
The Anglican Diocese of Uyo is one of ten within the Anglican Province of the Niger Delta , itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria . The current bishop is Prince Asukwo Antai .
The first bishop of the diocese was Emmanuel Nglass in 1990 . Orama was consecrated a bishop on November 26 , 2006 at the Cathedral Church of the Advent , Abuja . Prince Asukwo Antai was elected on 9 August 2014 .
Bishops
Notes
Church of Nigeria dioceses
Dioceses of the Province of Niger Delta
Ernesto Ganelli ( 24 February 1901 – 9 September 1985 ) was an Italian civil engineer who designed various public and religious buildings in Tuscany .
Biography
Born in Alessandria , Ganelli graduated in civil engineering at the Sapienza University of Rome in 1924 . He moved to Grosseto , Tuscany , where he became one of the most influential civil engineers and architects of that city . In his career he designed hundreds of public , religious and private buildings in southern Tuscany , and he designed almost all of the churches built in the dioceses of Grosseto and Pitigliano-Sovana-Orbetello during the 20th century .
Works ( selection )
Palazzo ONMI ( 1933–1934 ) in Grosseto
Elementary School ( 1934 ) in Sassofortino
Restoration of Palazzo Stella d'Italia ( 1934 ) in Grosseto
Episcopal Seminary ( 1934–1936 ) in Grosseto
Church of San Giuseppe ( 1935–1940 ) in Grosseto
Church of San Guglielmo d'Aquitania ( 1935–1940 ) in Braccagni
Clergy house of the Grosseto Cathedral ( 1936 ) in Grosseto
Orphanage for boys `` Giuseppe Garibaldi '' ( 1936 ) in Grosseto
Orphanage for girls `` San Lorenzo '' ( 1936 ) in Grosseto
Church of Medaglia Miracolosa ( 1936–1937 ) a Grosseto
Episcopal Seminary ( 1936 ) in Roccatederighi
Church of Santi Paolo e Barbara ( 1938–1941 ) in Ribolla
Church of San Rocco ( 1946–1948 ) in Marina di Grosseto
Church of San Giuseppe Benedetto Cottolengo ( 1946–1951 ) in Grosseto
Medical Dispensary ( 1948–1952 ) in Massa Marittima
Villa Pizzetti Hospital ( 1948–1952 ) in Grosseto
Agricultural Technical Institute ( 1949–1953 ) in Grosseto
Church of Santa Maria Ausliatrice ( 1950 ) in Marrucheti
Medical Dispensary ( 1950-1955 ) in Orbetello
Church of Santa Maria Goretti ( 1951–1952 ) in Fonteblanda
Retirement home `` Francini '' ( 1952 ) in Grosseto
Church of Santa Maria delle Grazie ( 1953–1957 ) in Albinia
Basilica of Sacro Cuore di Gesù ( 1954–1958 ) in Grosseto
Church of Apparizione ( 1956 ) in Montenero , Livorno
Church of San Giuseppe Lavoratore ( 1956–1957 ) in Bagno di Gavorrano
Church of Santi Lorenzo e Mamiliano ( 1958 ) in Giglio Porto
Church of Santa Margherita ( 1958 ) in Poggi del Sasso
Church of Madonna del Rosario ( 1958 ) in Pian d'Alma
Church of San Donato ( 1958–1961 ) in San Donato
Church of Nostra Signora del Sacro Cuore ( 1959 ) in Bagnore
Church of San Giovanni ( 1963 ) in Semproniano
Restoration of the church of Misercordia ( 1968 ) in Grosseto
References
Bibliography
External links
20th-century Italian engineers
Architects from Tuscany
Italian civil engineers
1901 births
1985 deaths
People from Grosseto
Federico A. Moreira Wuilman ( born 8 March 1961 , in Salto ) is a retired road bicycle racer and track cyclist from Uruguay .
Moreira represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 . He also won the gold medal in the Men 's Points Race at the 1987 Pan American Games . Moreira won the 1985 edition of the Vuelta Ciclista de Chile . He also won 6 editions of the Vuelta del Uruguay .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Uruguayan male cyclists
Cyclists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Cyclists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Olympic cyclists of Uruguay
Uruguayan track cyclists
Uruguayan people of Portuguese descent
Sportspeople from Salto , Uruguay
Pan American Games gold medalists for Uruguay
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Frank Bsirske ( born 10 February 1952 ) is a German trade unionist and politician and of Alliance 90/The Greens who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag since 2021 . From 2001 to 2019 , he was the chairman of the United Services Trade Union ( ver.di ) .
Early life and education
Bsirske was born 1952 in the West German town of Heiligenstadt . He later studied political science at Free University of Berlin .
Chair of ver.di , 2001–2019
From 2001 to 2019 , Bsirske served as the chairman of the United Services Trade Union ( ver.di ) . In this capacity , he was also member of the board of the European Trade Union Confederation ( ETUC ) and the president of Union Network International 's Europe section .
In 2015 , Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy Sigmar Gabriel appointed Bsirske to the government 's advisory board on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) .
Political career
Bsirske was elected to the Bundestag in 2021 , representing the Helmstedt – Wolfsburg district . In parliament , he has since been serving on the Committee on Social Affairs and Labour .
In the negotiations to form a so-called traffic light coalition of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) , the Green Party and the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) following the 2021 German elections , Bsirske was part of his party 's delegation in the working group on labour policy , co-chaired by Hubertus Heil , Katharina Dröge and Johannes Vogel .
Other activities
Corporate boards
Deutsche Vermögensberatung ( DVAG ) , Member of the Advisory Board ( since 2021 )
Innogy , Member of the Supervisory Board ( 2016–2019 )
Deutsche Bank , Member of the Supervisory Board ( 2013–2021 )
Postbank , Member of the Supervisory Board ( 2010–2021 )
RWE , Member of the Supervisory Board ( 2001–2021 )
KfW , Member of the Board of Supervisory Directors ( 2006–2018 )
IBM Germany , Member of the Supervisory Board ( –2017 )
Lufthansa , , Member of the Supervisory Board ( –2013 )
Non-profit organizations
German Federation for the Environment and Nature Conservation ( BUND ) , Member
Tennis Borussia Berlin , Member
Political positions
In 2016 , Bsirske criticized the German government 's support for the EU 's Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) with Canada .
In 2022 , Bsirske went against the party line and voted against the Scholz government 's motion to change Germany 's constitution to allow for a credit-based special defense fund of 100 billion euros ( $ 107.35 billion ) proposed after Russia 's invasion of Ukraine .
Personal life
Bsirske has been married to Bettina Jankovsky since 1993 . From 2002 to 2021 , the couple lived in Berlin 's Charlottenburg district before moving to Dahlem .
References
Living people
1952 births
Alliance 90/The Greens politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Free University of Berlin alumni
Sakudumbam Shyamala is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film directed by Radhakrishnan Mangalath and written by Krishna Poojapura . The film has Uravashi , Kunchako Boban , Nedumudi Venu , Sai Kumar , Suraj Venjaramoodu , and Bhama in the main roles .
Plot
Shyamala ( Urvashi ) was not very good at her studies and fails in her Pre-degree examination . Her family , especially her brother Sekharan ( Nedumudi Venu ) loves her a lot . They arrange her marriage with an American guy , but he wants Shyamala to pass her Pre-Degree for the marriage to happen . Things become different when Shyamala falls in love with Vasudevan ( Sai Kumar ) , a Malayalam tutor in the college and marries him . Her family abandons her . Now Shymala is the mother of a 25-year-old son Akash ( Kunchacko Boban ) .
Shyamala 's biggest dream is her 25-year-old son 's marriage to the daughter of any rich American Malayali . Akash is a video editor for a channel , while Vasudevan is an employee in the Collectorate , while Shyamala 's brother is the District Collector . She tries to win over her brother who is angry with her for her marriage to Vasudevan .
Once Shyamala gets beaten up by police while she was returning home from market . The political party that was organising the strike which resulted in it took this matter up and gave a lot of media coverage for it . Shyamala became the talk of the town and the party decides to take advantage of it by making her contest for the assembly elections . Shyamala wins comfortably and becomes the revenue minister . Many rich people come forward to get their daughters married to Akash . Shyamala 's dreams shatter when Akash marries a girl of his choice , Nandana ( Bhama ) , a TV reporter . A battle begins at home between Shyamala and Nandana .
Meanwhile , Shayamala 's personal assistant Prakashan takes bribe and gets Shyamala 's signature in some documents which becomes a big scandal . Shayamala is forced to resign from her ministerial post . When she is announced to be arrested , Shekaran , putting aside his old feud with her , reconciles with Shyamala and hides her from the police temporarily . Thus , brother and sister are reunited . Luckily for Shyamala , Nandana had doubts about Prakashan beforehand and so had given him a pen well before this incident . The pen had a hidden camera in it and it captured all the events that proved Shyamala innocence . The mafia behind the scandal gets arrested . Shyamala accepts Nandana as her daughter-in-law and is reconciles with her family .
Cast
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Lagarrigue Cove ( ) is a small cove south of Spigot Peak , Errera Channel , on the Danco Coast of Antarctica . The name was proposed by the Argentine navy and was approved by the Argentine geographical coordinating commission in 1956 to replace the provisional name `` Puerto Lote '' . The cove was named in memory of a navy cook with the Argentine Antarctic Expedition of 1947–48 who perished in a crevasse accident in the vicinity .
References
Coves of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Tlacote el Bajo is a village in Querétaro , Mexico . It is located in the municipality of Querétaro . It has 5453 inhabitants , and is located at 1850 meters above sea level . It is famous for its allegedly miraculous water springs , which were visited by many celebrities , including NBA player Magic Johnson .
References
Tlacote
Populated places in Querétaro
The Guelta d'Archei is one of the most famous gueltas in the Sahara . It is located in the Ennedi Plateau , in north-eastern Chad , south-east of the town of Fada . The Guelta d'Archei is inhabited by several kinds of animals , most notably the West African crocodile ( Crocodylus suchus ; until recently thought to be a synonym for the Nile crocodile , Crocodylus niloticus Laurenti ) . Middle Holocene remains , as well as rock paintings , indicate that this species once thrived across most of today 's Sahara Desert and in swamps and rivers along South Mediterranean shores . The small group of surviving crocodiles in the Guelta d'Archei represents one of the last colonies known in the Sahara today ; the Tagant Plateau colony in Mauritania has likely been extinct since 1996 .
Travel to the Guelta d'Archei is very difficult , as it is not serviced by paved roads . It is an approximately four-day 's 4x4 drive from the Chadian capital of N'Djamena .
References
Landforms of Chad
Landforms of Africa
Ron Fouchier is a Dutch virologist and Deputy Head of the Erasmus MC Department of Viroscience .
Notability
Fouchier is notable for his research on respiratory viruses of humans and animals , antigenic drift , and influenza virus zoonoses , transmission and pandemics . His team contributed substantially to the identification and characterization of various “ new ” viruses , such as human metapneumovirus , human coronavirus NL63 , SARS coronavirus , MERS coronavirus , and influenza A virus subtype H16 .
Fouchier is elected member of the Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences ( KNAW ) , the Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities ( KHMW ) and Academia Europaea . In 2006 he received the Heine-Medin award of the European Society for Clinical Virology and in 2013 the Huibregtsen award for top innovative science with societal impact . He is a member of the CEIRR Center coordinated at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City . Fouchier is a web-of-science Highly Cited author .
Weblinks
Google Scholar Profile
Scopus Profile
References
Living people
Dutch virologists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Gouandiaka is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The commune covers an area of 1,169 square kilometers and includes 29 villages . In the 2009 census it had a population of 26,287 . The village of Kalana , the administrative center ( chef-lieu ) of the commune , is 44 km south of Yanfolila .
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Baptized in Blood was a five-piece London , Ontario-based heavy metal band . They were managed by Dave Mustaine , the frontman of American thrash metal band Megadeth .
In 2006 , they independently released the EP Baptized in Blood . In 2009 , they independently released the album Gutterbound . That led to their being signed to Roadrunner Records , in December 2009 . They stayed with Roadrunner for three years , releasing one album , also called Baptized in Blood . In 2021 , Cursed Blessing Records re-released Gutterbound .
From 2009 through 2011 , Baptized in Blood toured the US and Europe . They supported Fear Before on their final Canadian tour in August and September 2009 . They played several European festivals , including the 2011 Download Festival . Their last concert was at Heavy T.O . 2011 .
Members
Johl Fendley – lead vocals ( 2004–2012 )
Josh Torrance – lead guitars ( 2004–2012 )
Alex Johnston – drums ( 2007–2010 , 2011-2012 )
Jason Longo – drums ( 2010–2010 )
Jay Westman – drums ( 2006–2007 )
Adam Trakinskas – lead vocals ( 2004–2007 )
Brad Nassar – bass , backing vocals ( 2004–2006 )
Discography
References
External links
Canadian thrash metal musical groups
Canadian metalcore musical groups
Musical groups from London , Ontario
Musical groups established in 2004
2004 establishments in Ontario
The Wrath of the Gods may refer to :
The Wrath of the Gods ( 1914 film ) , an American silent drama film
The Wrath of the Gods , an unproduced film from The Wicker Man film series
Wrath of the Gods , a 1994 adventure video game
The Seven Deadly Sins : Wrath of the Gods , an anime television series
See also
Wrath of Gods , a 2006 documentary film
Wrath of God ( disambiguation )
The 12th Cuirassier Regiment ( ) is an armoured cavalry ( tank ) regiment of the French Army . It provides the armoured component of the 2nd Armoured Brigade . Currently stationed at Quartier Valmy , Olivet , Loiret , France .
Formation to the First World War
The Dauphin 's Regiment of Cavalry ( Régiment du Dauphin Cavalerie ) was established in 1688 under the Ancien Régime . It fought in the Revolutionary Wars .
During the Napoleonic Wars , the regiment took part in most of the major battles , including Austerlitz ( 1805 ) , Jena ( 1806 ) , Friedland ( 1807 ) , Wagram ( 1809 ) , Borodino ( 1812 ) , Leipzig ( 1813 ) and Waterloo ( 1815 ) .
During the post-revolution reorganisations of the army , it was redesignated as the 12th Regiment of Cavalry ( 12éme Régiment de Cavalerie ) . It saw service in Germany , Italy , and later for a short time in Belgium .
The writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline volunteered for this regiment in 1912 .
First World War
: Rambouillet .
Turned into the
Interwar Period
Became the 12e Régiment de cuirassiers again in 1919 . It was disbanded in 1928 .
World War 2
January 1940 : Régiment de Découverte ( Discovery Regiment ) in the 3e division légère mécanique ( 3rd Light Mechanised Division ) , equipped with Panhard P178 armoured cars and Gnome et Rhône motorcycles
Summer 1940 : Regiment preserved within the framework of the Armée d'Armistice , as a garrison force at Orange
1942 : Armée d'Armistice dissolved
1943 : Regiment reconstituted as the Régiment de Chars ( Tank Regiment ) in North Africa , by the splitting of the 12e régiment de chasseurs d'Afrique ( 12th Regiment of Chasseurs of Africa ) , and added to the 2e Division Blindée ( 2nd Armoured Division ) .
Recent
After having been a garrison force at Müllheim in Germany for a long time in the post-1945 period , it was amalgamated , in 1994 , with the 6th Cuirassier Regiment to form the 6th-12th Cuirassier Regiment , based at Olivet in Loiret .
In 2009 , the two units were delinked and the 6th Cuirassiers deactivated ; the 12th Cuirassiers was re-established as an individual unit .
Symbol
Their symbol is a white dolphin on a blue shield .
Organization
The regiment is composed of around 940 personnel organization into 10 squadrons .
Escadron d'Administration et de Soutien ( EAS ) - Administration and Support Squadron
Escadron de Commandement et de Logistique ( ECL ) - Command and Logistics Squadron
1e Esq - 1st Squadron
2e Esq - 2nd Squadron
3e Esq - 3rd Squadron
4e Esq - 4th Squadron
Escadron d'éclairage et d'investigation de la 2e Brigade blindée ( EEI ) - Brigade Reconnaissance Squadron
Escadron de Maintenance Régimentaire ( EMR ) - Regimental Maintenance Squadron
5e Escadron de réserve - 5th Reserve Squadron
6e Escadron de réserve - 6th Reserve Squadron
Lineage
1668 : Raised as a regiment under the name of the Régiment Dauphin - Cavalerie or , in English , Dauphin 's Regiment ( Cavalry ) .
1791 : Became 12e régiment de cavalerie
1803 : Became 12e Régiment de Cuirassiers
1815 : Dissolved at Niort
1854 : Became Régiment de Cuirassiers de la Garde Impériale
1855 : Became 1er régiment de cuirassiers de la Garde Impériale ( 1st Regiment of Cuirassiers of the Imperial Guard ) after the creation of a second regiment of Imperial Guard cuirassiers
1865 : Merged with the 2e régiment de cuirassiers de la Garde impériale ( 2nd Cuirassiers Regiment of the Imperial Guard ) to form the new Régiment de Cuirassiers de la Garde Impériale ( Regiment of Cuirassiers of the Imperial Guard )
1871 : Became the 12eme Régiment de Cuirassiers again after the fall of the Second French Empire
August 1914 : The 12eme Régiment de Cuirassiers was assigned to the 6e brigade de Cavalerie ( 6th Cavalry Brigade ) , which was itself attached to the 7e division de cavalerie ( 7th Cavalry Division ) .
January 1918 : Became 12eme Régiment de Cuirassiers à Pied and was reattached to the 2e division de cavalerie à pied ( 2nd Cavalry Division on foot )
Commanding officers
1791 : Charles Michel de Lanay de Vallerie - colonel
1792 : Francois Durand Tauzia de la Litterie - colonel
1793 : Vrigny - chef de brigade .
1793 : Jean-Baptiste Colart - chef de brigade .
1795 : Jean Verreaux - chef de brigade .
1 May 1796 : Jacques Renard Belfort - chef de brigade then colonel in 1803 ( * )
27 December 1805 : Joseph Dornes - colonel ( * )
1809 : Jean-Louis Matheron de Curnieu - colonel
1813 : Michel Jean Paul Daudies - colonel
1815 : Charles Nicolas Thurot - colonel
* These officers became generals de brigade after this .
Battle honours , garrisons , campaigns , events
French Revolutionary Wars
As part of the Army of the Rhine from 1792 to 1800 :
1793 : Stromberg , Alzey , Brumpt , Haguenau and Gambsheim
1794 : Rebutte , Spire and Schweigenheim
1795 : Frankenthal
1796 : Mindelheim , Friedberg , Ulm , Biberach and Müllheim
1797 : Crossing of the Rhine
1799 : Siege of Philippsburg
1800 : Battles of Engen , Moeskirch and Hohenlinden
Napoleonic Wars
1805 : Wertingen , Elchingen , Hollabrunn and Austerlitz ( * )
1806 : Jena ( * )
1807 : Heilsberg and Friedland
1809 : Eckmühl , Ratisbonne , Essling , and Wagram
1812 : Mohilev , Borodino ( * ) and Winkowo
1813 : Bautzen , Reichenbach , Jauer , Dresden , Wachau and Leipzig
1814 : La Rothière , Rosnay , Champaubert , Vauchamps , Valjouan , Athies , Reims , Fere-Champenoise , and Paris
1815 : Ligny and Waterloo ( within 2e brigade , called the brigade Travers , in the 13e division de cavalerie , called the division Wathier , in the IVe corps de cavalerie under général de division comte Édouard Jean Baptiste Milhaud , of the army reserve )
( * ) Battle honour on this regiment 's flag
Colonels killed and wounded in command of the 12e Cuirassiers :
Colonel de Curnier : wounded November 1812
Officers killed and wounded whilst serving in the 12e Cuirassiers during the 1805-1815 period :
Officers killed : 25
Officers died of wounds : 9
Officers wounded : 57
Battle honours
Austerlitz 1805
Iena 1806
La Moskova 1812
Solferino 1859
L'Yser 1914
L'Avre 1918
St Mihiel 1918
Paris 1944
Strasbourg 1944
Decorations
Fourragère Croix de guerre 1914–1918
Fourragère Croix de guerre 1939–1945
Gold Medal from the town of Milan 1859–1909
Presidential Unit Citation '' ( American decoration ) . ( 1945 )
Quotations about the regiment
1776 : Charles Juste de Beauvau , Prince de Beauvau :
This regiment , long known as one of the best trained cavalry regiments , entirely merits the reputation it has gained in that sphere . ( Ce régiment , qui depuis longtemps passe pour l'un des mieux exercés de la cavalerie , mérite toute la réputation qu'il s'est acquise dans ce genre . )
1918 : General Marie-Eugène Debeney :
A regiment of the highest morale and proudly held under fire . ( Régiment d'un moral très élevé et d'une superbe tenue au feu . )
1940 : General Maxime Weygand :
Thanks to an elite personnel and despite heavy losses , it knew how to preserve a high morale and a magnificent aggressive fervor ( Grâce à un personnel d'élite et malgré de lourdes pertes , a su conserver un moral élevé et une ardeur combative magnifique . )
1945 : General Charles de Gaulle :
A tank regiment impregnated with the purest traditions of the cavalry , that distinguished itself by the rapidity and audacity of its actions ( Régiment de chars imprégné des plus pures traditions de la cavalerie , qui s'est distingué par la rapidité et l'audace de ses actions . )
Notes
References
Regiments of the French First Republic
Regiments of the First French Empire
12th
Military units and formations of the Cold War
Armoured regiments of France
Military units and formations established in 1791
The 2022 Caribbean Club Championship was the 24th and final edition of the Caribbean Club Championship ( also known as the CFU Club Championship ) , the first-tier annual international club football competition in the Caribbean region , held amongst clubs whose football associations are affiliated with the Caribbean Football Union ( CFU ) , a sub-confederation of CONCACAF .
The winners of the 2022 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship qualified to the 2023 CONCACAF Champions League , the second and third place teams qualified to the 2022 CONCACAF League , while the fourth place team played against the winners of the 2022 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Shield in a playoff match to determine the final Caribbean spot to the 2022 CONCACAF League .
With the expansion of the CONCACAF Champions League starting from the 2024 edition , the 2022 edition of the Caribbean Club Championship was the last held . It was replaced by the Caribbean Cup , a regional cup tournament launched as a qualifying tournament to CONCACAF Champions League for teams from the Caribbean .
Cavaly won the previous tournament , but could not defend their title as they did not qualify for the tournament .
Teams
Among the 31 CFU member associations , four of them were classified as professional leagues and each may enter two teams in the CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship .
Association with professional league whose teams did not enter
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 3 February 2022 , 11:00 EST ( UTC−5 ) , at the CONCACAF Headquarters in Miami , United States . The 6 teams were drawn into two groups of three teams . The two teams from the host association Dominican Republic , Cibao and Atlético Vega Real , were placed in Pot 1 , the two teams from Haiti were placed in Pot 2 , while the two teams from Jamaica were placed in Pot 3 . This ensured that teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group .
The winners and runners-up of each group advanced to the semi-finals .
All times local , AST ( UTC−4 ) .
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Bracket
The semi-final matchups were :
Winner Group A vs. Runner-up Group B
Winner Group B vs. Runner-up Group A
Semi-finals
Third place match
Winners qualified for 2022 CONCACAF League . Losers advanced to CONCACAF League playoff against the 2022 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Shield winners for a place in the 2022 CONCACAF League .
Final
Winners qualified for 2023 CONCACAF Champions League . Losers qualified for 2022 CONCACAF League .
CONCACAF League playoff
The CONCACAF League playoff was played between the 2022 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Championship fourth-placed team and the 2022 CONCACAF Caribbean Club Shield winners , as long as the Shield winners comply with the minimum CONCACAF Club Licensing requirements for the CONCACAF League , with the winners qualifying for the 2022 CONCACAF League preliminary round .
See also
2022 Caribbean Club Shield
2022 CONCACAF League
2023 CONCACAF Champions League
References
External links
Caribbean Club Championship , CONCACAF.com
2022
1
2022 CONCACAF League
2023 CONCACAF Champions League
The École supérieure d'art de Clermont Métropole ( ESACM ) is a higher education institution in Clermont-Ferrand , France , devoted to the teaching of art .
The college is accredited by the Ministry of Culture and Communication to award the following state diplomas :
The DNAP ( National Diploma in Visual Arts ) after three years of undergraduate study
The DNSEP ( National Higher Diploma in Visual Expression ) after five years of undergraduate and graduate study
The courses are harmonised with the European degree structure in accord with the ECTS system ( European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System ) , facilitating student mobility within Europe .
Location
The college is located in Clermont-Ferrand town centre . Since 2006 , ESACM has been housed in a new building in the heart of the university quarter . The building has been especially designed by Architecture-Studio for its needs .
References
External links
Official Website
Art schools in France
Visual arts education
Michel Krieger ( born March 4 , 1986 ) is a Brazilian-American entrepreneur and software engineer who co-founded Instagram along with Kevin Systrom , and served as its CTO . Instagram expanded from a few million users to 1 billion monthly active users while Krieger served as CTO .
On September 24 , 2018 , it was announced that Krieger and Systrom were resigning from Instagram .
Life and career
Krieger was born in São Paulo , Brazil , and moved to California in 2004 to attend Stanford University . At Stanford , where he studied symbolic systems , he met Kevin Systrom , and the two co-founded Instagram in 2010 . Krieger and Systrom had the idea of building a check-in app , before they made it exclusive for pictures . During the early days , most of the engineering and user experience were developed solely by Krieger . One of the stories related to Instagram 's early days that Krieger recalled is : One time I woke up and there was an email saying that the site went down , and I was like , who fixed it ? Shane , did you fix it ? Kev , did you fix it ? No . And eventually on the terminal , you press up and you get to see what was the last thing you typed . So , apparently , at 3:30 in the morning I somehow managed to , in a completely drunken state , revive Instagram . That 's how much we were struggling in those days.After Instagram was acquired by Facebook , Krieger was committed to building and growing Instagram independently .
On April 18 , 2020 , Krieger teamed up with Systrom again to launch Rt.live , their first product together since leaving Facebook . Rt.live is an up-to-date tracker of how fast COVID-19 is spreading in each US state .
Philanthropy
In April 2015 , Krieger announced a partnership with charity evaluator GiveWell , committing US $ 750,000 over the next two years . The funds are to support operations , with 90 % allocated to grants identified and recommended through the Open Philanthropy Project process .
Personal life
Krieger is married to Kaitlyn Trigger .
References
External links
CEO Secrets : Instagram boss on how to avoid 'burnout ' , BBC News 2015
1986 births
Brazilian emigrants to the United States
Brazilian engineers
Brazilian people of German descent
Computer programmers
Facebook employees
Living people
People from São Paulo
Stanford University alumni
Technology company founders
Costanza Farnese ( December 19 , 1500 in Rome – May 23 , 1545 in Rome ) was a daughter of Alessandro Farnese and Silvia Ruffini . Born before her father became Pope Paul III , her siblings were Pier Luigi , Paul , Ranuccio and Lucrezia .
She married Bosio II Sforza , count of Santa Fiora e Cotignola , they had :
Guido Ascanio
Alessandro Sforza
Sforza Sforza , whose children were :
Francesco Sforza
Alessandro , 7th count of Santa Fiora , duke of Seni and prince of Valmontone , father of cardinal Federico Sforza .
Costanza Sforza
Mario ( 1530-1591 ) , count of S. Fiora , married Fulvia Conti
Faustina Sforza , married Muzio Sforza of Caravaggio
Francesca Sforza , married Girolamo Orsini
Camilla , married Besso Ferrero of Masserano
References
Sources
1500 births
1545 deaths
Costanza
Papal family members
Nobility from Rome
16th-century Italian women
Alex Tsai ( ; born 25 December 1953 ) is a Taiwanese politician and a member of the Kuomintang . He served as a legislator from 2008 to 2016 .
Tsai graduated from the Taipei Municipal High School of Agriculture and Industry and the John F. Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University . He was one of the 3rd members of the National Assembly .
References
1953 births
Living people
Taipei Members of the Legislative Yuan
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Politicians of the Republic of China on Taiwan from Yunlin County
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 8th Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Epsilon Muscae , Latinized as ε Muscae , is a red giant star of spectral type M5III in the constellation Musca . Originally a main-sequence star of around 1.5 to 2 solar masses , it is now on the asymptotic giant branch and has now expanded to 130 times the Sun 's diameter and 1800 to 2300 its luminosity . It is a semiregular variable , varying in eight distinct periods ranging from a month to over half a year in length , with the largest amplitude being of almost half a magnitude from the mean of 4.06 . It is located around 300 light-years distant , the same distance as the Lower Centaurus–Crux subgroup of the Scorpius–Centaurus association , although it is moving much faster at around 100 km/s and does not share a common origin .
References
M-type giants
Asymptotic-giant-branch stars
Semiregular variable stars
Musca ( constellation )
Muscae , Epsilon
Durchmusterung objects
106849
059929
4671
Jos Daman ( born 15 October 1945 ) is a Belgian archer . He competed in the men 's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
1945 births
Living people
Belgian male archers
Olympic archers of Belgium
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mechelen
Nero , in comics , may refer :
Nero ( DC Comics ) , a DC Comics character .
Nero of The Adventures of Nero , in Flemish : De Avonturen van Detectief Van Zwam and De Avonturen van Nero & Co
See also
Nero ( disambiguation )
Neron , a DC Comics supervillain
Snezhurovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 10 as of 2002 .
Geography
Snezhurovo is located 78 km northwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Filinskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Costa Caribe is a Nicaraguan professional basketball team that competes in Nicaragua 's Torneo Carlos Ulloa league .
They have played in the Liga Centroamericana de clubes de baloncesto , where they reached the Final Four in the 2016 edition .
Costa Caribe has traditionally provided Nicaragua 's national basketball team with key players .
Notable players
- Set a club record or won an individual award as a professional player .
- Played at least one official international match for his senior national team at any time .
Dalton Cacho
Dayton Cacho
Jensen Campbell
Noel McKenzie
Denzel Moody
References
External links
Presentation at Latinbasket.com
Basketball teams in Nicaragua
Sport in Managua
Joseph Webster Golinkin ( September 10 , 1896 – September 8 , 1977 ) was an American artist as well as a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy .
Biography
Joseph Webster Golinkin was in the Navy until the year of 1922 . He then resigned in order to follow his dream of becoming an artist . Although he resigned from the Navy , he was still considered to be in the active reserve as a Lieutenant Commander . He also lived in New York City , New York . Joseph Golinkin was reactivated into the Navy in the year of 1938 . He eventually retired from the Navy in the year of 1958 . He got to the ranking of Rear Admiral .
Education
Joseph Webster Golinkin received his education at the Art Institute of Chicago . He then entered the United States Naval Academy . After his graduation , he was commissioned as an Ensign and was deployed to serve in World War I. Golinkin studied under Ash Can school artist , George Luks .
Career
Joseph Webster Golinkin was successful in pursuing the occupations of being a painter , printmaker , naval officer , politician , environmentalist , and philanthropist . As an artist , Golinkin worked with various medias that included painting , watercolor , and lithography . His work typically revolves around New York scenes , sporting events , and depictions of American life in the 1920s and 1930s . There were a few published books that featured his art as well . Golinkin had begun his career during the time when newspapers were still using artists as illustrators . The newspapers that featured his illustrations include New York Times , Vanity Fair , Fortune , Country Life , and other publications as well .
Success
He won a gold medal in the prints category at the art competitions at the 1932 Summer Olympics for his Leg Scissors . He was awarded a Bronze Star while he served in World War II .
References
External links
1896 births
1977 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Olympic gold medalists in art competitions
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic competitors in art competitions
United States Navy personnel of World War I
United States Navy rear admirals
United States Navy World War II admirals
20th-century American male artists
In Korea , high school baseball ( 고등학교 야구 ) is played at a very high level by students who train year round . Unlike in Japan or the U.S. where nearly every high school fields a team , there are only about 60-70 Korean high school baseball teams which makes the competition tantamount to an all-star league of Korea 's young talent . KBO , MLB and NPB scouts are frequently in attendance at all of the five national high school baseball tournaments .
Competitions
Five major national tournaments
The five Big 5 tournaments are the most important high school baseball events of the year in terms of tradition , prize-money awarded , and public attention .
National tournaments hosted by local cities
There used to be four lower-level high school baseball events of the year sponsored by local cities . However , these local tournaments have been replaced with the High School Weekend League after the 2010 season .
See also
Baseball in Korea
Baseball awards # South Korea
Baseball awards # U.S . high-school baseball
Japanese High School Baseball Championship ( Summer Koshien )
National High School Baseball Invitational Tournament championship ( Spring Koshien )
References
External links
Korea Baseball Association ( KBA )
Baseball in South Korea
South Korea
Martin Fernard Smith ( May 28 , 1891 – October 25 , 1954 ) was a U.S. Representative from Washington .
Born in Chicago , Illinois , Smith attended the public schools , Lewis Institute , Chicago , Illinois , and Northwestern University , Evanston , Illinois .
He moved to Hoquiam , Washington , in 1911 and completed law studies commenced in Chicago .
He was admitted to the bar in 1912 and commenced practice in Hoquiam , Washington .
He served as municipal judge of Hoquiam 1914–1917 .
During the First World War served as a private in the Coast Artillery Corps from October 9 , 1918 , to December 15 , 1918 .
He served as member of the city council 1926–1928 .
He served as mayor of Hoquiam 1928–1930 .
Smith was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and to the four succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1933 – January 3 , 1943 ) .
He served as chairman of the Committee on Pensions ( Seventy-sixth and Seventy-seventh Congresses ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1942 to the Seventy-eighth Congress .
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1936 .
He was appointed a member of the Board of Immigration Appeals , United States Department of Justice , on April 1 , 1943 , and served until his resignation on April 29 , 1944 .
He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1944 for the Democratic nomination for United States Senator .
He was appointed special assistant to the Attorney General of the United States on September 26 , 1944 , and served until his death in Bethesda , Maryland , October 25 , 1954 .
He was interred in Arlington National Cemetery .
Sources
1891 births
1954 deaths
United States Army soldiers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington ( state )
20th-century American politicians
Jack James Pendleton ( March 31 , 1918 – October 12 , 1944 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II .
Biography
Pendleton joined the Army from Yakima , Washington in July 1942 , and by October 12 , 1944 , was serving as a Staff Sergeant in Company I , 120th Infantry Regiment , 30th Infantry Division . On that day , in Bardenberg , Germany , Pendleton voluntarily led his squad in an attack against an enemy machine gun . After being seriously wounded , he continued forward alone , purposely drawing the machine gun 's fire so that another squad could advance and destroy the enemy position . Killed by the intense fire from the machine gun , Pendleton was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor six months later , on April 6 , 1945 .
Pendleton , aged 26 at his death , was buried in Tahoma Cemetery , Yakima , Washington .
Medal of Honor citation
Staff Sergeant Pendleton 's official Medal of Honor citation reads :
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty on 12 October 1944 . When Company I was advancing on the town of Bardenberg , Germany , they reached a point approximately two-thirds of the distance through the town when they were pinned down by fire from a nest of enemy machineguns . This enemy strong point was protected by a lone machinegun strategically placed at an intersection and firing down a street which offered little or no cover or concealment for the advancing troops . The elimination of this protecting machinegun was imperative in order that the stronger position it protected could be neutralized . After repeated and unsuccessful attempts had been made to knock out this position , S/Sgt . Pendleton volunteered to lead his squad in an attempt to neutralize this strongpoint . S/Sgt . Pendleton started his squad slowly forward , crawling about 10 yards in front of his men in the advance toward the enemy gun . After advancing approximately 130 yards under the withering fire , S/Sgt . Pendleton was seriously wounded in the leg by a burst from the gun he was assaulting . Disregarding his grievous wound , he ordered his men to remain where they were , and with a supply of handgrenades he slowly and painfully worked his way forward alone . With no hope of surviving the veritable hail of machinegun fire which he deliberately drew onto himself , he succeeded in advancing to within 10 yards of the enemy position when he was instantly killed by a burst from the enemy gun . By deliberately diverting the attention of the enemy machine gunners upon himself , a second squad was able to advance , undetected , and with the help of S/Sgt . Pendleton 's squad , neutralized the lone machinegun , while another platoon of his company advanced up the intersecting street and knocked out the machinegun nest which the first gun had been covering . S/Sgt . Pendleton 's sacrifice enabled the entire company to continue the advance and complete their mission at a critical phase of the action .
Honored in ship naming
The , launched on May 26 , 1944 , by the United States Navy , was named in Sgt . Pendleton 's honor on April 28 , 1948 .
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
1918 births
1944 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from Yakima , Washington
United States Army soldiers
Recipients of the Silver Star
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Pierre Gabaye ( February 20 , 1930 - November 1 , 2019 ) was a French composer .
His musical education began at age seven on piano , which led him to pursue a career as a pianist and composer in both the classical and jazz spheres . He studied piano with Simone Plé-Caussade at the Conservatoire de Paris . He won the 1956 Prix de Rome , and was later appointed Director of Light Music at Radio France . He retired in 1986 and moved to Chamonix , where he lived until his death in 2019 at age 89 .
Gabaye 's compositional style can be described as a late example of French neo-classical tradition , in the mold of Poulenc and Saint-Saëns . Much of his music is light-hearted and written for brass and wind instruments .
Selected works
Boutade , for trumpet ( 1957 )
Recréation ( 1958 )
Two Pieces for Wind Instruments ( 1959 )
Sonatina for clarinet and piano ( 1959 )
Special , for trombone ( 1970 )
References
External links
Gabaye Programme notes ( inc. bio ) from classicalnotes.com
1930 births
2019 deaths
Musicians from Paris
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
20th-century French composers
French male composers
Prix de Rome for composition
20th-century French male musicians
Albert Marsh was a sergeant in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the American Civil War .
Marsh joined the Union Army from Randolph , New York , in August 1861 . He fought in the Battles of Fair Oaks ( aka Seven Pines ) , Gettysburg , and Spotsylvania , and was wounded each time . He was mustered out in September 1864 .
He died February 17 , 1895 , and is buried in Randolph Cemetery , Randolph , New York .
Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization : Sergeant , Company B , 64th New York Infantry . Place and date : At Spotsylvania , Va. , May 12 , 1864 . Entered service at : Randolph , N.Y . Birth : Cattaraugus County , N.Y . Date of issue : December 1 , 1864 .
Citation :
Capture of flag .
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients : M–P
Notes
References
1831 births
1895 deaths
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from Randolph , New York
United States Army soldiers
People of New York ( state ) in the American Civil War
Military personnel from New York ( state )
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Agent Sparks was an American indie pop band formed in early 2005 when two former band mates from Audiovent decided they wanted to continue making music . Members include Benjamin Einziger ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Stephanie Eitel ( lead vocals , keyboard , percussion ) , Paul Fried ( bass , vocals ) , and George Purviance ( drums , vocals ) .
They released their first EP entitled Not So Merry in September 2005 . This EP included , `` It 's Not My Time , '' `` Choke , '' and `` So Long Darlings . '' On June 20 , 2006 they released their first full-length album Red Rover . Both their EP and full length were produced by Ben 's brother and Paul 's stepbrother , Incubus guitarist Michael Einziger . The band later went on to tour with bands Thirty Seconds to Mars and Veruca Salt . After releasing their debut full-length album , Red Rover in 2006 , and embarking on a cross-country tour with Hoobastank , the band broke up .
Discography
EPs
Not So Merry ( 2005 )
Studio albums
Red Rover ( 2006 )
References
External links
Agent Sparks on Myspace
Musical groups established in 2005
Indie pop groups from California
People from Calabasas , California
Phaeoscincus taomensis is a species of skink found in New Caledonia .
References
Phaeoscincus
Reptiles described in 2014
Reptiles of New Caledonia
Endemic fauna of New Caledonia
Taxa named by Anthony Whitaker
Taxa named by Sarah A. Smith
Taxa named by Aaron M. Bauer
Anilios fossor , also known as the miner blind snake , is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Australia . The specific epithet fossor ( “ digger ” ) refers to the snake 's fossorial habits as well as to the type locality .
Description
The species grows to about 29 cm in length .
Behaviour
The species is oviparous .
Distribution and habitat
The snake is found in the south-eastern Northern Territory in the vicinity of the Hale River . The habitat is Eucalyptus camaldulensis riverine woodland on sandy loam soils . The type locality is the Ruby Gap Nature Park , where the Northern Territory 's first mining rush took place , following the discovery of garnets ( misidentified as rubies ) in the bed of the river .
References
fossor
Snakes of Australia
Reptiles of the Northern Territory
Reptiles described in 2015
Obaida Abdul-Rahman Al Otaibi is a Saudi Arabian journalist notable because he was named on a Saudi list of most wanted suspected terrorists .
Background
Obaida Attended Imam Mohamed Bin Saud University in the late 1990s , where he earned a degree in media . After graduation , he started working at Saudi Al-Jazirah . His former boss , Abdul-Elahi Al Qasim stated he was one of the first Saudi journalists to include his email address in his byline . He stated that Obaida had shown no signs of extremist ideology while with the paper .
Obaida left Saudi Arabia for the United Arab Emirates in 2005 .
The most wanted list was published in late January 2009 , and includes 85 names . Obaida 's is the fiftieth name on the list . His listing accused him of `` planning to target vital infrastructure within Saudi Arabia . ''
Obaida attended the same high school , the Al Shifa Religious Academy , as `` Eisa Al-Awsham , a former Al Qaeda commander . '' Eisa Al-Awsham was killed in a shootout with Saudi security officials on July 19 , 2004 .
References
Fugitives
Fugitives wanted by Saudi Arabia
Living people
Named on Saudi Arabia 's list of most wanted suspected terrorists
Saudi Arabian journalists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Sally Scott ( born 12 April 1991 ) is a British track and field athlete . She competed for England in the Pole vault event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won a bronze medal.she played hockey in the olympic games and won a gold medal .
References
1991 births
Living people
English female pole vaulters
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Shorea atrinervosa is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae . The species name is derived from Latin ( ater = dull black and nervosus = nerved ) and refers to leaf venation which is black in herbarium specimens .
It is an emergent tree , up to , found in mixed dipterocarp forest on clay-rich soils . S. atrinervosa is found in Peninsular Malaysia , Sumatra and Borneo . It is found in at least four protected areas ( Ulu Telupid and Bidu Bidu Forest Reserves and Lambir and Gunung Mulu National Parks ) .
References
atrinervosa
Trees of Sumatra
Trees of Peninsular Malaysia
Trees of Borneo
Vulnerable plants
Trzebucza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw .
References
Trzebucza
Blaž Cof ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Slovenian male canoeist who won a world championship in C1 at individual senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Slovenian male canoeists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Marc Roca Junqué ( born 26 November 1996 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Leeds United .
He started his career at Espanyol , appearing in 121 competitive matches and four La Liga seasons . In October 2020 , he signed with Bayern Munich .
Roca won the 2019 European Under-21 Championship with Spain .
Club career
Espanyol
Born in Vilafranca del Penedès , Barcelona , Catalonia , Roca joined RCD Espanyol 's youth setup in 2008 , aged 11 . He started his career at Espanyol , appearing in 121 competitive matches and four La Liga seasons . On 24 August 2014 , he made his senior debut with the reserves , starting in a 2–2 Segunda División B home draw against Lleida Esportiu .
Roca scored his first senior goal on 17 January 2015 , his team 's second in a 2–3 home loss to UE Olot . On 4 August he renewed his contract until 2017 , and was promoted to the B side shortly after .
On 26 August 2016 , Roca made his first-team – and La Liga – debut , starting in a 2–2 home draw against Málaga CF . On 11 November , he agreed to an extension until 2022 and was permanently promoted to the main squad the following season .
Roca scored his first goal in the top flight on 21 April 2019 , in a 2–2 draw at Levante UD . He played 44 matches across all competitions in the 2019–20 campaign , but the club was relegated to Segunda División for the first time in 26 years .
Bayern Munich
On 4 October 2020 , Roca signed for FC Bayern Munich on a five-year contract . He made his official debut 11 days later , in a 3–0 defeat of amateurs 1 . FC Düren in the first round of the DFB-Pokal . He appeared in his first Bundesliga match later that month , coming on as an injury-time substitute for Serge Gnabry in the 2–1 away victory over 1 . FC Köln .
Roca played his first-ever game in the UEFA Champions League on 25 November 2020 , starting and being sent off for two bookable offences midway through the second half on an eventual 3–1 group stage win against FC Red Bull Salzburg . He totalled only 11 appearances in his first season .
Roca featured slightly more in 2021–22 as his team won the league again , but was one more time a fringe player .
Leeds United
On 17 June 2022 , Leeds United announced that Roca would join the club on 1 July after an agreement was reached with Bayern Munich ; he agreed to a four-year contract for a reported €12,000,000 fee that could eventually rise up on add-ons . He made his Premier League debut on 6 August , starting in a 2–1 home victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers . He scored his first goal one month later , in the 5–2 away defeat to Brentford .
International career
On 28 December 2016 , Roca made his debut for the Catalonia autonomous team , starting in a 3–3 draw against Tunisia ( 2–4 penalty loss ) . He was named in Spain 's under-21 squad for the 2019 UEFA European Championship , starting the final three games of the tournament for the eventual winners including a 4–1 semi-final victory over France in which he scored .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Espanyol
Segunda División : 2020–21
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga : 2020–21 , 2021–22
FIFA Club World Cup : 2020
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship : 2019
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Vilafranca del Penedès
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
Bundesliga players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
Premier League players
Leeds United F.C . players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Catalonia international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Frederick Charles Ferdinand , Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( 5 April 1729 in Brunswick – 27 April 1809 in Glücksburg ) , was a member of the House of Guelph . He was a Danish field marshal and also the last Duke of Brunswick-Bevern .
Life
He was the son of Duke Ernest Ferdinand of Brunswick-Bevern ( 1682–1746 ) and his wife , Eleanor Charlotte of Courland . In 1742 , he entered the Dutch army as captain and fought two campaigns in 1745 and 1746 . He then switched to the Brunswick army and also served as a volunteer in the imperial army . Under the guidance of his uncle Louis Ernest , he commanded the Both'sche regiment during the War of the Austrian Succession . After the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle ( 1748 ) , returned to the Dutch army , where he was promoted to Major General in 1754 .
After the outbreak of the Seven Years ' War , he travelled to Dresden at the end of 1756 , where King Frederick II of Prussia gave him command of the Saxon infantry regiment Prince Xaver . However , his soldiers mutinied and ran away and King Frederick held Frederick Charles Ferdinand responsible . He left the Prussian army in 1759 and joined the British army . He fought in the Battle of Minden on 1 August 1759 under his cousin Ferdinand . He then joined the Danish army , where he was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1761 and to Command of the Guards on Foot in 1762 and to Inspector General of the Infantry in 1764 . In 1766 , he was appointed governor of Rendsburg and in 1773 governor of Copenhagen .
In 1781 , his elder brother August William died and Frederick Charles Ferdinand inherited Brunswick-Bevern and became provost of St. Blaise and the St. Cyriacus Abbey in Brunswick . However , with permission of the King of Denmark , who promoted him to field marshal in 1782 , he took up residence in Glücksburg Castle .
On 26 October 1782 , he married Princess Anna Caroline ( 1751–1824 ) , the daughter of Prince William Henry of Nassau-Saarbrücken and the widow of Duke Frederick Henry William of Schleswig-Holstein-Glücksburg .
In 1793 , he created a foundation for poor relief in his capital Bevern . After Brunswick was occupied by Napoleon 's troops in 1806 , he took in the sons of Duke Charles William Ferdinand , Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel .
Frederick Charles Ferdinand died childless in 1809 . With his death , the Brunswick-Bevern line died out , and Brunswick-Bevern fell back to Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel .
Ancestors
References
C. Römer , Braunschweig-Bevern , Ein Fürstenhaus als europäische Dynastie 1667 – 1884 , Brunswick , 1997 , p. 61
Horst-Rüdiger Jarck and Günter Scheel ( eds . ) , Braunschweigisches Biographisches Lexikon . 19. und 20 . Jahrhundert , Hanover , 1996
Dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg
Prussian military personnel of the Seven Years ' War
Danish generals
People of the Seven Years ' War
1729 births
1809 deaths
18th-century German military personnel
Dutch generals
German military personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
New House of Brunswick
Jake 's Grill is a restaurant in Portland , Oregon .
Description
Jake 's Grill is a steakhouse in downtown Portland 's Seward Hotel . The menu features steak and seafood , including cedar plank salmon . Surf and turf and happy hour are also offered . The restaurant 's interior features dark woodwork and stuffed animal heads .
Jake 's Grill has been described as a `` sibling '' restaurant to Jake 's Famous Crawfish .
History
The restaurant opened in 1994 . In 2014 , a man sued the restaurant after being diagnosed with food poisoning .
Reception
In 2021 , Eater Portland Jenni Moore and Krista Garcia included Jake 's Grill in the lists `` 12 Stellar Portland Seafood Restaurants '' and `` Nine Steakhouses to Try in Portland and Beyond '' , respectively .
References
External links
1994 establishments in Oregon
Restaurants established in 1994
Southwest Portland , Oregon
Steakhouses in Portland , Oregon
Finning is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Landsberg ( district )
{ { Infobox person
| name=Arianna Afsar
| birth_place= San Diego , California , U.S .
| birth_name= Arianna Ayesha Afsar
| birth_date=
| education = University of California , Los Angeles ( BA )
| notable_works = Hamilton ( 2016 ) Jeannette : The Musical ( 2019 ) Allegory ( 2019 ) | occupation =
| website =
} }
Arianna Ayesha `` Ari '' Afsar ( born October 22 , 1991 ) is an American singer , composer , beauty queen and activist best known for her starring role in Hamilton , as the songwriter of the musical Jeannette , and as a top contestant on American Idol .
Early life and education
Afsar is from San Diego . Her father is from Bangladesh and her mother is of German origin . She attended Westview High School where she opened Adopt-a-Grandfriend in 2005 , to fight loneliness of senior citizens . After graduating Westview in 2009 , she attended the University of California , Los Angeles .
Career
Pageant
Afsar won the Miss America 's Outstanding Teen title for California in 2005 and represented California in the inaugural Miss America 's Outstanding Teen pageant in Orlando , Florida in August 2005 . As the youngest contestant in the competition , she won a preliminary talent award and placed first runner-up .
She was the winner of Miss San Diego County in 2010 .
In 2010 Afsar competed in the Miss California pageant for the first time and won the Miss California 2010 title . She competed in the Miss America 2011 pageant in January 2011 and placed in top 10 .
American Idol
In 2009 , Afsar was a contestant on American Idol 8 . She auditioned in Phoenix and sang `` Put Your Records On '' by Corinne Bailey Rae . She was one of the final 36 contestants . Afsar progressed to the live semi-finals but failed to make it through her group and was not selected to compete for a wildcard by the judges .
Theatre
In 2001 she appeared in a production of Dr. Seuss ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! The Musical as Cindy Lou Who .
It was announced on July 13 , 2016 , that Afsar would portray the role of Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton in the Chicago production of Hamilton beginning performances in late September 2016 . Afsar left the Chicago production on March 25 , 2018 , but briefly returned to the role for the 2nd National Tour 's stop at Segerstrom Center for the Arts for the weekend of May 19 , 2018 .
Afsar wrote the music and lyrics to the musical We Wo n't Sleep ( formerly Jeannette ) with a book by playwright Lauren Gunderson . The musical is about U.S. Rep. Jeannette Rankin , the first woman elected to Congress . Under the title Jeannette , it was part of the 2019 summer series at the National Music Theater Conference at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in Connecticut . We Wo n't Sleep is scheduled to have its world premiere at the Tony Award-winning Signature Theatre in Arlington , Virginia in 2022 .
Politics and activism
Afsar is also a women 's rights activist . She is on the board of the ACLU of Illinois Next Gen. She spoke at the youth reception for the American Civil Liberties Union national convention . She is an avid supporter and vocal advocate for Planned Parenthood , United State of Women , and the Women 's March . Afsar opened for Michelle Obama at the United State of Women at the Shrine Auditorium .
Other
Afsar played the role of `` Ellie '' in the direct-to-video science fiction action film Martian Land '' .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
1991 births
Living people
Musicians from San Diego
American Idol participants
Beauty pageant contestants from California
American beauty pageant winners
Miss America 's Outstanding Teen delegates
Miss America 2011 delegates
Singers from California
21st-century American women singers
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
American people of Bangladeshi descent
21st-century American singers
Krishna Singh may refer to :
Krishna Singh Rawat , 19th-century Indian cartographer
Krishna Singh ( politician ) ( 1867–1961 ) , Indian politician from Bihar
Krishna Pal Singh ( 1922–1999 ) , Indian politician from Madhya Pradesh
Hari Krishna Singh , Indian politician from Madhya Pradesh
S. K. Singh ( general ) , former Vice Chief of the Indian Army
Krishna Singh ( golfer ) , Fijian golfer
is a Buddhist temple in Katsushika , Tokyo , near the Yamamoto House and Mizumoto City Park . This temple is famous for the `` Bound Jizo '' discussed in the Case of the Bound Jizo of Ōoka Tadasuke , a famous judge in Edo ( Tokyo ) during the Edo period .
Case of the Bound Jizo
In The Case of the Bound Jizo or Suspect Statue , Ōoka Tadasuke was called upon to discover the thief of a cartload of cloth from a local kimono maker . Ōoka ordered a statue of Jizo of the Narihira-san Tōsen-ji , a temple in Tokyo , to be bound and brought forth to be called to answer for dereliction of its custodial duty . When the bound statue arrived in the courtroom , the spectators burst into laughter . Ōoka sternly ordered each spectator to be punished with a token fine for their outburst . Each was ordered to provide a small swatch of cloth as a fine . When the spectators paid their fines , the robbed kimono maker identified the piece of cloth from one spectator as identical to the cloth stolen in the crime . The spectator , who was the actual thief , was arrested , and Ōoka ordered the Jizo statue released as having discharged his duty . In 1925 , the statue was removed from downtown Tokyo to a little temple called Nanjo–in on its outskirts . The statue still stands , and is wrapped in rope tied by hopeful victims of thieves . However , the statue is worn almost smooth because of over 200 years of binding .
External links
Tōsen-ji ( in Japanese )
Buddhist temples in Tokyo
Katsushika
The COVID-19 pandemic in Iraq is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 ( ) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( ) . During the pandemic , Iraq reported its first confirmed cases of SARS-CoV-2 infections on 22 February 2020 in Najaf . By April , the number of confirmed cases had exceeded the hundred mark in Baghdad , Basra , Sulaymaniyah , Erbil and Najaf .
As of 7 April 2020 , officially 28,414 tests have been done in Iraq as a whole ( including the Kurdistan Region ) , with 1202 of them turning out positive . Of those tests , 12,143 were done by the Kurdish Ministry of Health , which means that the other 16,271 were done by the Iraqi Ministry of Health . While 0.25 % of the Kurdistan Region 's population has been tested , only 0.05 % of the rest of the country has been tested , thus highlighting the possible disparity between total positive case numbers between regions . Iraq is considered `` especially vulnerable to the epidemic due to being ravaged '' – by war and United Nations sanctions , and by sectarian conflict over the past three decades .
Background
Illness is stigmatized in Iraq , and there is concern that this discourages many Iraqis from seeking medical care and getting tested , which may result in an undercount of cases . Quarantine carries an additional stigma . In addition , authorities worry the tradition of washing the body after death could increase the spread of COVID-19 .
Timeline
February 2020
A suspected case in the province of Dhi Qar was reported in Iraq on 22 February , which was later confirmed to be positive according to a local medical centre , but this was denied by the Iraqi Ministry of Health .
On the next day , the 24 February , they reported the first official case in Najaf . The detected case was an Iranian religious studies student in the city of Najaf , some south of the Iraqi capital Baghdad , and this case was confirmed after laboratory tests carried out during the day .
March 2020
The first case of COVID-19 in Iraqi Kurdistan was confirmed on 1 March .
On 3 March , a 70-year-old Iraqi Islamic preacher , Rashid Abdulrahman , became the first fatality in Iraq due to the outbreak . It was reported that the preacher from Sulaymaniyah District , had chronic heart failure and underlying asthma conditions on top of COVID-19 . The next day , his son announced that the preacher had not visited Iran recently .
On 4 March , the country 's Ministry of Health spokesman Saif Al-Badr also confirmed a second death in Baghdad and 32 cases of the virus . The first recovery was reported on 6 March . On 9 March , the seventh death was announced , which was the first fatality in Basra . The number of cases had also risen to 67 . The next day , two new deaths were reported in Babil and Maysan . Iraqi authorities also announced the closure of Najaf Governorate for a week to non-residents .
By 10 March , the figure rose to 71 confirmed cases , as four more people were infected . A total of 15 recoveries were also reported that day by Iraq 's Ministry of Health . 11 of the patients in Baghdad and four in Kirkuk Governorate had fully recovered from the infection .
The eighth patient died from the disease on 11 March , which was the first death reported in Karbala . By 12 March , the Health Ministry had recorded 79 cases .
On 14 March , two more patients died , increasing the death rate to 10 , including the first death of a couple ( that had traveled to Iran ) in Wasit Governorate . Later , the Health Ministry reported that there was a total of 110 cases , with 26 recoveries .
On 16 March 6 recoveries were reported . There were 9 recoveries on 17 March .
On 18 March , the death toll rose to 12 and 10 new cases were registered from 105 suspected cases . One new death was reported in Basra Governorate . 5 of the new cases came from Baghdad .
The next day , the number of cases increased to 192 with 28 new cases , which marked the largest increase in a single day . One new death and 8 recoveries were also announced . On 20 March 208 positive cases were confirmed and four new deaths were announced , resulting in a total of 17 deaths . 6 new cases were reported on 21 March , which meant that there was a total of 214 positive cases . 2 patients also recovered that day .
On 22 March , three new deaths were confirmed in Baghdad . The death toll increased to 20 . There were 6 new recoveries .
On 23 March , three more deaths and five recoveries were reported and the number of cases rose to 266 . The Iraqi Ministry of Health announced the first case in Nineveh Governorate , leaving Saladin Governorate as the only Iraqi Governorate without any cases .
On 24 March 50 new cases were registered . The Health Ministry announced that the number of recoveries had increased to 75 and the number of deaths had increased to 27 .
30 new cases were announced on 25 March and the number of recoveries increased to 89 . Included , was the first reported case in the Saladin Governorate of a woman in the town of Ishaqi , thus ' confirming the presence of the virus in all 19 Iraqi provinces for the first time .
On 26 March 36 new cases were reported , as well as 7 new deaths and a total of 105 recoveries . The death toll increased to 36 deaths .
On 27 March , the first cases were reported in Halabja and Saladin governorates , meaning that all Governorates of Iraq have been infected by COVID-19 . The total number of cases increased to 458 , after 76 new cases tested positive . The death toll also increased to 40 , after four new deaths were confirmed . The number of recovered cases also increased to 122 .
On 28 March , the total number of cases increased to 506 , after 48 new cases tested positive . The death toll also increased to 42 , after two new deaths were confirmed . The number of recovered cases also increased to 131 .
On 29 March , the total number of cases increased to 547 , after 41 new cases tested positive . For the first time in a week , the death toll did not see an increase , as no deaths were confirmed . The number of recovered cases also increased to 143 .
On 30 March , the total number of cases increased to 630 , after 48 new cases tested positive . The death toll also increased to 46 , after four new deaths were confirmed . The number of recovered cases also increased to 152 .
On 31 March , the total number of cases increased to 695 , after 48 new cases tested positive . The death toll hit the 50 mark , after four new deaths were confirmed . The number of recovered cases also increased to 170 .
April 2020
On 1 April , the total number of cases reached 728 , with 33 new cases . Two new deaths and 12 new recoveries were also recorded .
On 2 April , Iraq 's Communications and Media Commission said that it had banned international news agency Reuters from operating in the country for three months for reporting that the number of the nation 's novel coronavirus cases is much higher than official figures . It added that the agency was fined $ 20,000 and asked to apologize due to the story , which has `` put social security at risk . '' 33 new cases were announced , meaning that the total number of cases rose to 772 . The number of recoveries reached 202 , whilst two new deaths were recorded .
On 3 April , the number of confirmed cases rose to 820 , with 226 recoveries . No new deaths were confirmed on this same day .
On 4 April , the number of confirmed cases rose to 878 , with 259 recoveries . 2 new deaths were also confirmed on the same day .
On 5 April , the number of confirmed cases saw a daily record increase of 83 new and thus ' the total number of cases rose to 961 , with 279 total recoveries . 5 new deaths were also confirmed on the same day . The significant rise in cases were attributed to both the capital Baghdad , which saw a rise of 27 cases , and the KRG capital Erbil , which saw a rise of 18 case . The cases in Erbil were attributed to a banned funeral gathering on the 21 and 23 March , with investigations and tests ongoing , the number is set to continue to rise .
On 6 April , the number of confirmed cases saw a daily increase of 70 new and saw the total number of cases rise to 1031 , with 344 total recoveries . 3 new deaths were also confirmed on the same day . The majority of those cases , 41 in total , were in the KRG capital of Erbil and 39 of them were related to the banned funeral gatherings that were discovered the previous day . This meant that a total of 71 of the 133 cases in Erbil could be traced back to that gathering .
On 15 April 15 new cases were recorded , which was the lowest number of cases reported in a single day since 21 March . On 16 April 19 new cases were recorded , as well as the 80th fatality .
May 2020
Over the course of the month the number of cases increased to over 6,000 .
June 2020
On 14 June , Tawfiq al-Yasiri died in Al Diwaniyah , making him the first politician in Iraq to die from the COVID-19 pandemic .
On 21 June , Iraqi footballer Ahmed Radhi died at the age of 56 following complications from COVID-19 .
Over the course of the month , the number of confirmed cases increased sevenfold : from 6,868 on 1 June to 53,708 on 1 July .
July 2020
The number of cases continued to grow exponentially . By 5 July , there were over 60,000 cases .
December 2020
On 22 December 2020 , Iraq signed a preliminary deal to receive 1.5 million doses of the Pfizer–BioNTech vaccine in early 2021 . On 27 December 2020 , Iraq 's National Medicine Selection authority gave an emergency approval for the use of Pfizer 's coronavirus vaccine . The Minister of Health Hassan al-Timini said that the country will receive the vaccines along with special storage equipment needed to store it .
January 2021
On 19 January 2021 , Iraq authorized the emergency use of the Oxford–AstraZeneca vaccine , as well as the Sinopharm BIBP vaccine .
March 2021
In March 2021 , Iraq received 50.000 Sinopharm vaccines donated by China and started its vaccination program beginning with the front-line health workers . Then on 25 March , it received 336.000 doses of AstraZeneca vaccines through the UN 's Covax program .
April 2021
In April 2021 , UK contributed in supporting the UNDP to help Iraq fight the coronavirus by committing $ 4.2 million .
On 22 April , Iraq surpassed one million COVID-19 cases .
On 24 April , the coronavirus ward at Ibn al-Khatib hospital in Baghdad caught fire . There were many fatalities and injuries .
July 2021
On 12 July , dozens of people died in a fire in a hospital in Nasiriya . The fire may have been ignited by oxygen tanks in a COVID-19 ICU .
Government response and impacts
Curfews
On 13 March , the Kurdistan Regional Government imposed a two-day curfew in Erbil and Sulaymaniyah , which later evolved to become a complete lockdown of the entire region of the KRG on 4 April . This was due to a rise in cases attributed to two funeral gatherings . This lockdown meant that apart from a few select pharmaceutical shops working through delivery , all shops would be closed and movement ( even walking ) banned .
After the first death in Sheikh Saad , Wasit Governorate , the town placed into temporary lockdown after an elderly couple died from the coronavirus on 14 March . On 15 March , a three-day curfew was imposed in Karbala .
Education
The KRG declared the period of 26 February to 10 March a public holiday for all public and private schools and kindergartens in Kurdistan Region . Public and private universities were closed from 29 February to 10 March . This closure continued for the rest of the academic year and most started online learning .
Primary , middle and high schools had a midterm holiday since 16 February ; a two-week holiday was extended for an additional week and then another week .
On 18 March , all schools and universities in Baghdad were closed until further notice .
Travel restrictions
Iraq closed its border with Iran in late February , only allowing Iraqi citizens that were returning , after the pandemic in Iran spread . Between 8 and 16 March , trading with Kuwait was suspended . In response to the outbreak in Iraq , Jordan decided to restrict land and air travel with the country on 10 March . On 10 March , the Kurdistan Regional Government decided to close its border with Iran from 16 March until at least April .
Iraq banned travelers from Qatar and Germany from 13 March in attempt to stop the disease from spreading . Travelers from Iran , Italy , China , France , Spain , Thailand , Singapore , South Korea , and Japan were also on the ban list . On 15 March , the government announced that all flights to and from Baghdad airport between 17 and 24 March would be suspended . The government also imposed a curfew in the capital , Baghdad , over the same period .
On 15 January 2021 , Iraq announced a ban on its citizens from travelling to 20 countries where a new coronavirus variant was found .
Social issues and impacts
On 27 February , schools , universities and cinemas in Baghdad were closed , and other large public gatherings ( including major religious gatherings during Rajab ) in cities were banned until 7 March . The fear of contagion prevented mourners from burying their dead in communities across Iraq .
Religious gatherings were banned on 13 March in the Kurdish Regional Government , but were not enforced strictly until 4 April , where it was discovered that two funeral gatherings on 21 and 23 March were responsible for a third of all cases in the city of Erbil . On the same day , word got to the government of another illegal funeral gathering in the nearby village of Daratu , which led to the local Zerevani having to lock down the village as a result .
The looting of artefacts in Iraq had been on the rise during the COVID-19 pandemic . Due to the pandemic , few tourists or foreign archaeologists visited historical sites . As a result , many of these areas were left unguarded .
U.S. forces
On 20 March 2020 , the American-led Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve ( CJTF-OIR ) confirmed that certain troops would be withdrawing from Iraq due to the pandemic . On that same day , United States Central Command ordered a 14-day `` stop movement '' preventing any U.S. troops from entering or leaving Iraq and Afghanistan because of the pandemic . The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has planned to take advantage of the vacuum in the Syrian Desert caused by the coronavirus-expedited withdrawal of U.S. troops .
Statistics
Graphs
Cumulative number of cases , recoveries and deaths
Confirmed new cases per day
Confirmed deaths per day
Overview
The table below shows the confirmed COVID-19 cases in each Governorate of Iraq .
Maps
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in Asia
COVID-19 pandemic in the Kurdistan Region
2020 in Iraq
2021 in Iraq
References
Iraq
2020 in Iraq
2021 in Iraq
Kontsevskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 3 as of 2002 .
Geography
Kontsevskaya is located 68 km northwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Pelevikha is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
A sponging-house ( more formally : a lock-up house )
was a place of temporary confinement for debtors in the United Kingdom .
If a borrower defaulted on repaying a debt , a creditor could lay a complaint with the sheriff . The sheriff sent his bailiffs or tipstaffs to arrest the debtor and to take him to the local sponging-house . This was not a debtors ' prison as such , but a private house , often the bailiff 's own home . Debtors would be held there temporarily in the hope that they could make some arrangement with creditors . Anthony Trollope set out the system in his 1857 novel The Three Clerks :
If debtors could not sort matters out quickly , they were then taken before a court and transferred to a debtor 's prison .
Sponging-houses had a terrible reputation , which was made clear in a description by Montagu Williams , a London lawyer who knew them well , in his Down East and Up West of 1892 :
The idea of the sponging-house was based on that of the sponge that gave it its name , which readily gives up its contents on being squeezed . In the sponging-house , debtors had any available cash squeezed out of them , partly to the creditor 's benefit , but also to that of the bailiff who ran it .
In French , éponger une dette ( `` sponge-up a debt '' ) means to repay one 's debt . Scottish English has the verb `` to spung '' , meaning to rob . The English-language term `` spunging-house '' dates from at least 1699 .
Notable sponging-house residents
William Paget ( actor )
Henry Fielding – author
Michael Arne – composer
Theodore Edward Hook – author
George Morland – painter
John Murray – Universalist minister
Gilbert Stuart – painter
See also
Marshalsea
References
Debtors ' prisons
Penal system in England
Syringodium filiforme , commonly known as manatee grass , is a species of marine seagrass . It forms meadows in shallow sandy or muddy locations in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico , and is also found in the Bahamas and Bermuda . It occurs to a depth of about , and even deeper where water is very clear .
Climate Change Influences
Manatee seagrasses are a flowering plant that thrives in shallow saltwater around the coast of Florida . Worldwide Manatee seagrass is experiencing global decline due to ever changing events in their environment . These descendants of terrestrial plants that were able to survive over 65 million years of evolution are now facing being wiped from the planet due to climate change and other anthropogenic factors . This is the first time in history that there is a probability of losing seagrass species worldwide . Currently under the IUCN these plants are red listed as a threatened species ( Short , Frederick T. et al. , 2011 ) .
As of 2010 there were 10 seagrass species at high rick of extinction . While three were considered endangered . With seagrass species loss comes biodiversity loss . This paper studies not only human impact on seagrass beds but also global climate change and how changing environments are impacting seagrasses worldwide ( Short , Frederick T. et al. , 2011 ) . Understanding the importance of manatee grass will help direct towards saving them from global climate change . Seagrass meadows provide many ecological importances and rank one of the highest ecosystems on the earth . The roots and rhizomes of seagrasses stabilise sediments and prevent erosion to the land . Their leaves filter suspended nutrients from the water column . This in turn links them to coral reefs , mangroves , salt marshes , and even oyster reefs ( Bjork , Mats , et al . ) .
Seagrasses are distributed through six main global bioregions ; Temperate North Atlantic , Tropical Atlantic , Mediterranean , Temperate North Pacific , Tropical Indo-Pacific andTemperate Southern Oceans . Throughout all regions they are used as medicine , food , and their main source of contribution to humans is their sediment trapping and binding capacities . The leaves act as a trap and collect materials brought to the seagrass meadows . In turn this helps keep the ecosystem clear and clean of any material ( Bjork , Mats , et al . ) .
Unfortunately , much like other environments in the world , human development can alter the ecology of the sea grasses and therefore the coast of Florida is starting to look high densities of this type of ecosystem . Natural disturbances are also playing a major roll in habitat loss . Global Climate change is referring to the increase of and other greenhouse gasses to the atmosphere . C02 has increased from 280ppt in 1880 to 380 in 2005 . The most common consequence of increasing C02 levels on seagrasses is its increase on photosynthesis and growth . This increase of photosynthesis increases the level of HCO3- which lowers the pH of the water ( Bjork , Mats , et al . ) .
A study done by Heck , KL , et al. , recorded levels throughout most temperate and polar environments . A well-studied effect from this was that of climate causing a shift in tropical aquatic species . Aquatic species in the Northern Gold of Mexico are currently migrating there due to climate and finding food source , that many native animals are being outcompeted for their own food . Thus manatee grasses are being over grazed and resulting in lower nursery areas for native species that rely on the meadows .
As of 2011 , Florida had a management plan to develop sage channels for seagrass restoration along certain docks , marinas and channels . As climate change effects the shifts of certain animals , such as the manatee , legal framework is put into action . Although this may increase manatee sea growth in certain areas . This issue at hands becomes whether or not these seagrasses will continue to grow in native areas to protect the coast of Florida from erosion , keep manatees alive , and out of all making sure this ecosystem does n't fail .
References
ork , Mats , et al . “ Managing Seagrasses for Resilience to Climate Change . ” IUCN Resilience Science Group Working Paper Series , vol . 03 , pp . 1–61 .
External links
Heck , KL , et al . “ Seagrass Consumption by Native and a Tropically Associated Fish Species : Potential Impacts of the Tropicalization of the Northern Gulf of Mexico. ” Marine Ecology Progress Series , vol . 520 , 2015 , pp . 165–173. , https : //doi.org/10.3354/meps11104 .
Hotaling , Althea , et al . “ Comprehensive Seagrass Restoration Planning in Southwest Florida : Science , Law and Management. ” SSRN Electronic Journal , 2011 , https : //doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2675711 .
Ray , Brandon R. , et al . “ Changes in Seagrass Species Composition in Northwestern Gulf of Mexico Estuaries : Effects on Associated Seagrass Fauna. ” PLoS ONE , vol . 9 , no . 9 , 2014 , https : //doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0107751 .
Short , Frederick T. , et al . “ Extinction Risk Assessment of the World 's Seagrass Species. ” Biological Conservation , vol . 144 , no . 7 , 2011 , pp . 1961–1971. , https : //doi.org/10.1016/j.biocon.2011.04.010 .
Cymodoceaceae
Biota of the Atlantic Ocean
Taxa named by Friedrich Traugott Kützing
Calamagrostis eminens is a grass species in the genus Calamagrostis . It is found in South America .
References
elegans
Plants described in 1830
HMS Surprise was a 38-gun frigate of the Royal Navy , although all these fifth-rate frigates were re-classed as 46-gun under the general re-rating of February 1817 , from when carronades on the quarter deck and forecastle were included in the rating .
Surprise was ordered on 10 April 1809 at Milford Dockyard in Pembrokeshire where her keel was laid down there in January 1810 . She was launched on 25 July 1812 , and sailed round to Plymouth Dockyard to be completed . Fitting out took place between 9 August and 1 December 1812 , and she was commissioned in September 1812 under the command of Captain Sir Thomas John Cochrane , sailing for the West Indies on 19 December 1812 .
During the War of 1812 , under Cochrane 's command , she served initially on the Leeward Islands , where she captured the American privateer Decatur on 16 January 1813 . Decatur was pierced for 14 guns but mounted 12 , and had a crew of 82 men . A shot from Surprise had wounded two men on Decatur , one of whom subsequently died . Decatur was 21 days out of Boston and had made no captures .
Surprise , , , and were in company on 13 March 1813 when they captured Lark .
Subsequently , Surprise served on the North American station . From June 1814 , her captain was George Knight , and she was present at the bombardment of Fort McHenry in September 1814 .
Fate
Surprise was paid off and placed in ordinary in August or September 1815 . By 1822 , she had been reduced to a hulk at Milford , but was then fitted out at Plymouth as a convict hulk to be stationed at Cork , where she remained until sold ( for £2,010 ) there in 1837 .
Notes
Citations
References
Further reading
External links
HMS Surprise at the Naval Database website
War of 1812 ships of the United Kingdom
Leda-class frigates
1812 ships
Fifth-rate frigates of the Royal Navy
FK Turon is an Uzbekistani football club based in Yaypan that currently plays in the Uzbekistan Pro League .
History
Domestic history
Current squad
Honours
Domestic
Uzbekistan Pro-B League
Champions ( 1 ) : 2019
References
External links
teams.by
Soccerway profile
2007 establishments in Uzbekistan
Football clubs in Uzbekistan
Fergana Region
The album discography of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan consists of fourteen studio albums , fourteen compilations , and four EPs ( not including Estefan 's releases with her band , the Miami Sound Machine ) . Estefan 's career sales is estimated at over 75 million records sold worldwide which made her one of the most successful female Latin crossover artists . According to RIAA , Estefan has sold 15.5 million certified albums in the United States . Hailed as the reigning `` Queen of Latin Pop '' , she has achieved 38 number one hits across all Billboard charts . Billboard listed her as the 23rd Greatest of all-time Latin artist .
Although they had been recording since the mid-1970s , Estefan 's breakthrough came when Miami Sound Machine released the single `` Dr . Beat '' in Europe in 1984 . Though a major hit there , the band did not make a commercial impact in the United States until the following year with the release of the single `` Conga '' , which became a signature song for Estefan . Both of the corresponding albums ( Eyes of Innocence and Primitive Love ) were credited to Miami Sound Machine . Their next album , 1987 's Let It Loose ( titled as Anything for You in Europe ) was credited to Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine . All further albums after 1989 's Cuts Both Ways onwards were credited solely to Estefan herself , though Miami Sound Machine continues to be her backing band and perform with her live to the present day .
Estefan has also recorded many albums in Spanish , and her 1993 album , Mi Tierra , is one of the most successful Spanish-language albums released in the United States . The album was also an international hit and became the first album in Spain to gain a Diamond certification ( for sales in excess of 1 million copies ) .
Gloria Estefan
Studio albums
Compilations
Extended plays
Miami Sound Machine ( 1977–1989 )
This section includes the discography for the band Miami Sound Machine , led by Estefan and Emilio Estefan Jr .
The band formed in 1977 and released a total of eleven studio albums , one compilation and two remix EPs . The first seven studio albums released by the group were entirely in Spanish . Their first English-language release was their 1984 album , Eyes of Innocence , which featured the European hit `` Dr . Beat '' . Success in the United States came the following year with the release of the single `` Conga '' , taken from the album Primitive Love , which has since been certified Triple Platinum in the US .
By 1987 , the group were credited as Gloria Estefan & Miami Sound Machine for the album Let It Loose ( released in Europe as Anything for You ) . The album became the band 's biggest seller , though no further releases were credited to Miami Sound Machine from 1991 onwards when Estefan effectively became a solo artist ( though the band were credited on the inner cover of her 1989 album Cuts Both Ways before dropping their name in that same year ) . Since the 1990s , the members of Miami Sound Machine continue to be credited individually as session musicians on Estefan 's albums , and they continue to be her backing band during live performances .
Studio albums
Compilations
See also
List of best-selling music artists
References
Latin pop music discographies
Discographies of Cuban artists
Discographies of American artists
Tropical music discographies
Gareth Russell may refer to :
Gareth Russell ( musician ) , bass guitarist for Idlewild
Gareth Russell ( author ) , British author
Cydia curiosa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It was described by Razowski in 2009 and is endemic to Vietnam .
The wingspan is . The ground colour of the forewings is creamish brown , but partially cream in distal half , suffused and densely strigulated with brown . The hindwings are brown .
Etymology
The name refers to curious habitus of this species .
References
Moths described in 2009
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Grapholitini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Cinema Center Films ( CCF ) was the theatrical film production company of the CBS Television Network from 1967 to 1972 . Its films were distributed by National General Pictures . The production unit was located at CBS Studio Center in the Studio City district of Los Angeles in the San Fernando Valley . and produced 30 films .
History
CBS chairman William S. Paley and Frank Stanton founded the network 's first film division , Cinema Center Films , in 1967 , with Gordon T. Stulberg as its first chief .
In February 1967 CBS had bought the studios of Republic Pictures ( which would be renamed CBS Studio Center ) for $ 9.5 million . The following month they announced Stulberg 's appointment , stating they intended to make ten films a year at a cost of $ 3.5 million each on average . Paley and Stulberg met with Gulf & Western chairman Charles Bluhdorn , who had just acquired Paramount Pictures , in a search for a distributor , but Bluhdorn 's over chumminess turned off Paley . Stulberg reported to John A. Schneider , CBS network president .
The studio 's first notable talent signing was with Doris Day which resulted in their first movie With Six You Get Eggroll . Initially , CCF was generally termed by the film community as a maker only of `` fluffy films '' that seemed designed for rebroadcast on CBS .
Their second signing was with Bob Banner Associates , who were to make a series of projects that did not come to fruition . National General Pictures agreed to distribute their films in August 1967 , agreeing to provide $ 60 million for 22 movies . They signed a four-picture deal in 1967 with Jalem , Jack Lemmon 's company worth $ 21 million – Jalem was to produce four films , two in which Lemmon was to appear . Other people who signed deals with the company include producer William Graf , and actor Steve McQueen via his company Solar Productions . Robert Culp 's company also signed .
Ogilvy Mather was hired in July 1969 to provide advertising for the division . To counter-act the film community 's perception of being a `` fluffy films '' producer Stulberg recommended making The Boys in the Band to Paley . Little Big Man was CCF 's biggest hit at the box office despite a cost overrun . CCF also financed a Broadway production , Does a Tiger Wear a Necktie ? , a Don Petersen drama that opened in February 1970 . Paley moved responsibility at CBS for CCF from Schneider to Goddard Lieberson , president of Columbia Records , which was then owned by CBS .
Twenty-six films were produced under Stulberg until he left to work at 20th Century Fox in 1971 . CBS closed the unit in 1972 ; its last film was the Peanuts animated musical Snoopy , Come Home . The studio never reported a profit in any year of its operation losing money on the 20 out of 27 films for a total loss of $ 30 million .
Postscript
Distribution of Cinema Center 's films were transferred from National General Pictures to Warner Bros. in a November 1973 deal that also included those of First Artists Productions .
CBS sold 28 CCF films to Viacom in 1979 for $ 30 million . Another look at Cinema Center Films found that it was profitable . Since its closure , its films had been generating income via network and pay TV ancillary markets , thus CBS attempted another return to the theatrical film production business in 1982 , with a unit known as CBS Theatrical Films , as well as with Tri-Star Pictures , the joint venture between CBS , HBO and Columbia Pictures . CBS closed down CBS Theatrical Films and dropped out of Tri-Star in 1985 .
CBS would later fall under common ownership with Paramount Pictures after being bought by Viacom ( Paramount 's parent since 1994 and originally the syndication arm of CBS ) in 1999 . CBS and Viacom split again in 2005 , with CBS becoming a unit of CBS Corporation , but both are still majority-owned by National Amusements . CBS eventually launched a new film unit independent of Viacom and Paramount in 2007 , called CBS Films ( which Lionsgate took over CBS Films ' theatrical distribution functions in 2015 ) . In 2019 , CBS Films was folded into the main CBS Entertainment Group after releasing Jexi , at the same time CBS also announced that it will re-merge with Viacom to form ViacomCBS ( now Paramount Global ) , reuniting CBS with Paramount .
Films
See also
: Category : Cinema Center Films films
References
Orders of Magnitude I . Page 331–332 . Cook , David A . ( 2000 ) . Lost Illusions : American Cinema in the Shadow of Watergate and Vietnam , 1970–1979 . University of California Press .
Defunct film and television production companies of the United States
Entertainment companies based in California
CBS Television Network
Companies based in Los Angeles
Entertainment companies established in 1967
Mass media companies established in 1967
Mass media companies disestablished in 1972
1967 establishments in California
1972 disestablishments in California
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Kathryn Elise Hoff ( born June 3 , 1989 ) is a former American competitive swimmer , she is an Olympic medalist , and former world record-holder . Hoff was known for her success in the 200-meter and 400-meter individual medley . She represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics , in which she was awarded a silver medal and two bronze medals .
Competitive career
2004–2005
Hoff qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics at the age of 15 ; she failed to medal in both of the events in which she competed .
At the 2005 World Aquatics Championships , Hoff set a championships record for her time of 2:10.41 in the women 's 200 m individual medley . Hoff received two more gold medals at the competition , one in the 400-meter medley and the other for the 4×200-meter freestyle , with teammates Natalie Coughlin , Whitney Myers , and Kaitlin Sandeno .
2006
Hoff made news early in the year by signing a 10-year endorsement deal with Speedo , which was the longest deal Speedo had with any athlete at the time ( including Phelps ) . As a result , Hoff forfeited her amateur status for purposes of NCAA rules ; however , one of the terms of the deal included a clause that Speedo would pay the cost of her college tuition .
2007 World Aquatics Championships
Hoff retained her 200-meter individual medley title by winning at the 2007 World Championships setting a new championship record of 2:10.13 . Hoff 's previous experience helped her use her `` veteran '' status to help the most experienced member of the U.S. team , Natalie Coughlin , prepare for their world-record-setting pace in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay .
2008 Summer Olympics
Heading into the 2008 Olympics , Hoff was considered a strong contender . Hoff held the American record in the 200-meter individual medley at 2:09.71 and set the world record in the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:31.12 set at the 2008 U.S. swim trials . ( This time was subsequently bettered by Stephanie Rice in the Olympic finals with a time of 4:29.45 ) .
Hoff 's performances in Beijing produced a decidedly mixed record . NBC commentator and former-Olympian Rowdy Gaines described her results as disappointing ( this included finishing second to Great Britain 's Rebecca Adlington in the 400-meter freestyle ) , yet noted that her three medals at one ( Olympics ) is a significant achievement and cited the depth of the field in each of her events . Prior to the Olympic Games , Hoff was saddled by the media with the label `` the female Michael Phelps '' due to the challenging slate of races in which she was competing . Bob Bowman , Phelps ' coach , thought the comparison was unfair .
Hoff set the American record in the 200-meter freestyle , yet finished fourth in the event ; 70 minutes later in the finals of the 200-meter individual medley Hoff again finished fourth , well behind her time at the U.S. swim trials . These results led to questions as to whether Hoff 's program in Beijing was too aggressive . It was also suggested that Hoff 's narrow miss of a gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle created a confidence issue that affected her later races . Following her consecutive fourth-place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early . Yetter also predicted that Hoff could have an `` awesome '' 800-meter freestyle race to conclude her second Olympic games . However , Hoff dramatically faded over the second half of her preliminary race , finishing in 8:27.78 , 8.08 seconds off her personal best time , and failed to advance .
2009
Hoff 's plan for 2009 had been to train at Loyola College in Chicago , where it was reported she would enroll in classes and volunteer as an assistant swim coach , similar to what Michael Phelps had done at the University of Michigan . However , ESPN reported that she would instead remain at NBAC and switch coaches to work with Bob Bowman , who had announced in April 2008 that he was leaving Michigan 's program after the Olympic trials . Bowman 's coaching style did not mesh well with Hoff , and her time working with him ended in May 2009 , when she came close to quitting the sport .
Hoff did not qualify for the 2009 World Aquatics Championships after an 8th-place finish in the 200-meter freestyle and a 6th-place finish in the 400-meter freestyle at the U.S. National Championships . Hoff subsequently withdrew from the 100- and 800-meter freestyle races , ending her chances of making the team .
2010
Hoff relocated to California , where she began training and competing with the Fullerton Aquatics Sports Team ( FAST ) and coach Sean Hutchison . She began to return to form , and at the 2010 USA Swimming Championships , she won a gold and 2 bronze medals .
2011 World Aquatics Championships
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai , China , Hoff won a gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay with Missy Franklin , Dagny Knutson , and Allison Schmitt , with the team finishing ahead of Australia and China . As the third leg , Hoff had a 1:57.41 split .
2012
Hoff moved to Naples , Florida to train with T2 Aquatics under her former coach Paul Yetter , who had moved there from NBAC in 2010 .
At the 2012 Olympic Trials , Hoff failed to qualify for her third Olympics , finishing 20th in the preliminary runs in the 200-meter and 400-meter freestyle and 13th in the 800-meter freestyle .
2013
Beginning in 2013 , Hoff took a brief hiatus from competitive swimming focus on her studies , enrolling at the University of Miami as a full-time student . However , she began training with Hurricane Aquatics club team ( as a professional , she could not swim in the NCAA ) at the University of Miami shortly after arriving there . Hoff competed in her first meet since the 2012 Olympic Trials on November 23–24 .
2014
In April 2014 , Hoff made a comeback at the Mesa Arena Pro Series . At Nationals in Irvine , California , she was forced to withdraw due to health problems . In October it was found that she had blood clots in her lungs , which took her several months to recover from .
2015
On December 14 , 2015 , Hoff officially announced her retirement from swimming due to continuing health issues related to scar tissue from blood clots in her lungs .
Personal life
Hoff was born in Palo Alto , California and lived for a number of years in Williamsburg , Virginia , where she swam as a youngster with the Williamsburg Aquatic Club , coached by Harold Baker . She also swam summer neighborhood meets with the Windsor Forest Frogs , where several of her team records , circa 2000 and 2001 still stand . She moved with her family to Towson , Maryland in 2003 , in part so she could practice with the North Baltimore Aquatic Club , also the home team of Michael Phelps . In 2008 , she purchased a condominium in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Baltimore . Her mother , Jeanne Ruark Hoff , played basketball for Stanford University from 1979 to 1983 . Hoff 's father , John , is a salesman . Both Hoff and her younger brother , Christian , were home schooled . She is married to former Michigan State football player Todd Anderson . In December 2015 , she announced her retirement from swimming .
Major achievements
International events
U.S. National Achievements
See also
List of Olympic medalists in swimming ( women )
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming ( women )
World record progression 400 metres individual medley
World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay
Bibliography
Hoff , Katie with Richard Bader . Blueprint : An Olympian 's Story of Striving , Adapting , and Embracing the Suck . United States , CG Sports Publishing , October 23 , 2020. .
References
External links
Video of Katie Hoff swimming who demonstrates strong exhalation during her Beijing 400m silver medal swim . swimsmooth.com
1989 births
Living people
American female freestyle swimmers
American female medley swimmers
World record setters in swimming
Loyola University Maryland alumni
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships ( 25 m )
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in swimming
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in swimming
Sportspeople from Palo Alto , California
People from Towson , Maryland
Sportspeople from Baltimore County , Maryland
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
21st-century American women
José Leonardo Villalobos Alvarado ( born September 7 , 1970 ) also known as Leonardo Villalobos is a Venezuelan actor , and television personality known for hosting the shows Portada 's from 2005 until 2009 , and Súper Sábado Sensacional from 2010 until 2016 .
Career
Villalobos had minor roles in numerous telenovelas throughout his career , the first being Bellisima which aired on Venevision from 1991 until 1992 . In 2005 , Villalobos returned to Venevision and hosted the variety show Portada 's . Villalobos left the show by 2010 , when he was chosen to be the next host of Súper Sábado Sensacional , a role he held until July 30 , 2016 . Then the following week after over 6 years of hosting the show he left the program due to work commitments and he was replaced by Henrys Silva who was chosen on August 1 to replace Leonardo Villalobos as the new host of the program . He would later move to the Dominican Republic and work for the Telemicro Group until 2022 , where he announced he would step away due to family obligations .
Personal life
Villalobos is currently married to model Yomily Corredor as of 2012 .
Filmography
Bellisima ( 1991–1992 )
Amores de Fin de Siglo ( 1995 )
Pecade de Amor ( 1995–1996 )
Volver a Vivir ( 1996–1997 )
A To-do Corazon ( 1997–1998 )
Mujercitas ( 1999 )
Mariú ( 2000 )
Carissima ( 2000–2001 )
Portada 's ( 2005–2009 )
La Vida Entera ( 2008–2009 )
Súper Sábado Sensacional ( 2010–2016 )
Sábado Extraordinario ( 2016–2020 )
De Extremo a Extremo ( 2020–2022 )
El Show del Mediodía con Leonardo Villalobos ( 2022–present )
References
External links
Leonardo Villalobos on Twitter
Venezuelan television personalities
People from Zulia
People from Maracaibo
1970 births
Living people
The China-Indochina Peninsula economic corridor ( CICPEC ) is an economic corridor initiated in 2010 and incorporated later into the Belt and Road Initiative . It was known before as the Nanning-Singapore Economic Corridor .
The economic corridor connects several cities in Southern China with the major cities of Southeast Asia including Hanoi in Vietnam , Vientiane in Laos , Phnom Penh in Cambodia , Bangkok in Thailand , Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia , and Singapore with modern road , rail , and pipelines . The corridor is planned to better connect neighbouring economies , and encourage development across the ASEAN–China Free Trade Area .
Development
One of the first steps is the Nanning–Pingxiang high-speed line , a railway in Guangxi province in southern China , which would form the northern end of the corridor . A 5000 km Nanning-Singapore railway is planned .
References
ASEAN
Economic integration
Foreign trade of Singapore
Spencer Freedman ( born June 24 , 1998 ) is an American college basketball player for the Harvard Crimson of the Ivy League . He attended Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana , California , where he was ranked among the top players in California . Freedman first competed with Santa Monica High School in his native Santa Monica , California .
High school career
Freedman played his freshman season at Santa Monica High School in Santa Monica , California . He joined the team as one of the top incoming freshman point guards , having drawn local attention at basketball camps and competitions in eighth grade . In his high school debut on June 12 , 2014 , Freedman scored 31 points , missing only two shots , in a win over Notre Dame High School . He notched 25 points in the following game . On January 24 , 2015 , he scored 17 points as his team was defeated by Las Vegas High School .
In June 2015 , Freedman left Santa Monica to transfer to Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana , California . According to his father , he made the move for academic reasons . By the beginning of his Mater Dei career , he held college offers from the Cal State Northridge Matadors , Rice Owls , UC Santa Barbara Gauchos , and USC Trojans . On February 26 , 2016 , in a 54–102 loss to Chino Hills High School , Freedman scored 10 points . By the end of the season , he earned first-team All-County honors from the Orange County Register . His team was ranked among the top 25 in the nation by USA Today High School Sports .
In January 2017 , in a win over Santa Margarita Catholic High School , Freedman posted 18 points and five assists for Mater Dei . He led his team to a Trinity League title and an appearance at the CIF Southern Section Open Division Finals . At the end of the season , he was named most valuable player of the Trinity League .
Recruiting
On June 9 , Freedman committed to play college basketball for the Harvard Crimson . He said , `` No matter what , eventually the ball is going to stop bouncing and basketball will be over for everyone so I know college is not a four decision but a lifetime decision . By choosing Harvard , I 'm getting an education that will set me up for a future past basketball . ''
College career
Freedman made his debut for Harvard on November 6 , 2018 , scoring 6 points in a 78–66 win over MIT .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Harvard
| 16 || 2 || 12.1 || .310 || .333 || 1.000 || .5 || 1.2 || .1 || .0 || 2.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Harvard
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || – || – || – || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 17 || 2 || 11.5 || .310 || .333 || 1.000 || .5 || 1.1 || .1 || .0 || 2.6
Personal life
Freedman was born in Pacific Palisades , Los Angeles to father Bryan Freedman , a lawyer who had studied at the University of California , Berkeley , and is Jewish . He first played basketball at age 7 and started training regularly one year later . In his junior year at Mater Dei , Freedman had a 4.3 grade point average ( GPA ) and drew attention from several Ivy League schools for his academic success . While in high school , he had plans to major in business , political science , or law .
References
External links
Spencer Freedman at Eurobasket.com
Spencer Freedman at RealGM
1998 births
Living people
Basketball players from Los Angeles
American men 's basketball players
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish men 's basketball players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Harvard Crimson men 's basketball players
21st-century American Jews
Rudolf III ( – 11 June 1419 ) , a member of the House of Ascania , was Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg and Elector of Saxony from 1388 until his death .
Life
He was probably born at the Saxon Wittenberg residence , the eldest son of Duke Wenceslaus I of Saxe-Wittenberg and his wife Cecilia , daughter of Francesco I da Carrara , Lord of Padua .
Rudolf III took up government after his father 's sudden death on 15 May 1388 . Rudolf was involved in a long-running dispute with the Archbishopric of Magdeburg . He donated numerous gifts to the Wittenberg All Saints ' Church .
Like his father , Rudolf was a loyal supporter of the Imperial House of Luxembourg . In 1419 , Emperor Sigismund sent him to Bohemia , in order to quash the Hussite uprising that had begun with the Defenestration of Prague . He died on his way there , probably after being poisoned .
Rudolf was buried in the Franciscan monastery in Wittenberg . His coffin was moved to the crypt of the Wittenberg All Saints ' Church in the 19th century , and to the family grave during the Second World War . As he had outlived his male heirs , he was succeeded by his younger brother Albert III .
Marriage and issue
About 1387/89 Rudolf married with Anna of Meissen ( d. 4 July 1395 ) , a daughter of the Wettin landgrave Balthasar of Thuringia and secondly in March 1396 with Barbara ( d. 17 May 1435 ) , daughter of the Piast duke Rupert I of Legnica .
He had five children :
Scholastica ( 1393–1463 ) , married Duke Jan I of Żagań
Rudolph ( d. 1406 ) ,
Wenceslas ( d. 1407 ) ,
Siegmund ( d. 1407 ) ,
Barbara ( 1405–1465 ) , married Margrave John of Brandenburg-Kulmbach
Ancestors
References
External links
genealogie-mittelalter.de
Prince-electors of Saxony
Dukes of Saxe-Wittenberg
House of Ascania
1370s births
Year of birth uncertain
1419 deaths
14th-century German nobility
15th-century German nobility
The Devil 's in the Details is a 2013 American thriller film directed and written by Waymon Boone . The film encircles an Arizona military veteran suffering post-traumatic stress disorder from a military experience when he gets caught up in a Mexican cartel 's drug mule plot . It stars Ray Liotta , Emilio Rivera , Joel Mathews , Raymond J. Berry , Noel Gugliemi , Lane Garrison and Jake Jacobson .
Plot
Thomas Conrad ( Joel Mathews ) , a supermarket manager and military ex-soldier , has trouble re-adjusting to a normal life in Nogales , Arizona . For over 6 months , he has been tormented by post-traumatic stress disorder from a terrifying experience serving his country overseas . Enduring issues with his family , he has also separated himself from his wife Selina ( Jenna Lyng ) and daughter Chloe ( Ava Acres ) . Recommended undergoing rehab , he visits ex-Navy Seal and psychiatrist , Dr. Robert Michaels ( Ray Liotta ) , who helps him identify the moments leading up to his condition .
One evening after work , Thomas accidentally rear-ends a vehicle . For the incident , he reimburses a Mexican named Bill Duffy ( Emilio Rivera ) , financing several glasses of booze between them at a local bar . After becoming drunk , spilling family information and submitting his car keys in for his safety , he passes out . Thomas awakes restrained in a torture room and finds he had been kidnapped . Working for a Mexican cartel , Bill reveals himself to be the culprit and along with Corbin ( Jake Jacobson ) working with him , forces Thomas through an ultimatum to cooperate with a cross-border drug smuggling operation , holding his wife and daughter captive at their home and threatening to kill them . With his father Richard Conrad ( Raymond J. Barry ) a judge , his sister Claire ( Nikki Deloach ) a police officer and brother Kyle Conrad ( Wes McGee ) a border patrol officer , Thomas must have his estranged family commit the crime in a timely manner .
During a series of phone calls that detail the action sequences , Thomas succeeds to get his family into action . He comes close to becoming fatally wounded on many occasions where his time nearly expires to complete a task and is also threatened with being injected by a deadly chemical compound . Many of Bill 's associates check in to keep watch , making Thomas believe he had been taken to Mexico . On one instance , he pleads help from a young man named Trevor ( Lane Garrison ) who enters the room , but he is revealed to be working with the others , soon bringing in Thomas 's employee Olivia ( Shi Ne Nielson ) to shoot and kill her which infuriates Thomas . Eventually Thomas 's sister Claire secures a large amount of drugs and money from a designated house , but when she transports it to the drop-off spot , she is apparently shot and killed . Soon , his father Richard calls Dr. Robert Michaels for help . Around this time , it 's revealed in a flashback that during his military duty with his comrade Hutchens ( Albert Thakur ) , who was shot , Thomas inadvertently cornered and gunned down several armed kids in a home , causing his mental anguish . Robert arrives at Thomas 's wife 's house pretending to be looking for a plumber . Taking action , an armed Robert sneaks to the back and enters the house , ultimately killing two men to free the house of captivity .
Released from restraint and left weakened on the floor , Thomas finds the chance to stab and kill an armed Trevor with a sharp object . Taking his gun , he also shoots Corbin in the head . Escaping the torture room after killing them both , Thomas walks down a corridor noticing audio equipment on a table . Exiting out , he realizes he was kept behind the same bar the entire time . He approaches Bill at the counter and shoots dead the provoking bartender Frank ( Arturo del Puerto ) . Bill reveals there was no cartel and everything was his elaborate plan – they spied on him , set up the minor car accident , got him drunk in the bar , held him against his will and used certain audio clips to play tricks on him , all to goad Thomas into getting his family to commit the robbery of a drug dealer , something Bill admittedly did to other victims previously . Also Thomas 's sister Claire was killed because his father involved the police . Exacting revenge , Thomas injects a lethal chemical compound into Bill , who dies as a result . Leaving the bar and relieved to see outside again , Thomas drives home to see his wife and daughter waiting to greet him at the door .
Cast
Ray Liotta as Dr. Robert Michaels
Emilio Rivera as Bill Duffy
Joel Mathews as Thomas Conrad
Raymond J. Barry as Richard Conrad
Noel Gugliemi as Guzzo
Lane Garrison as Trevor
Jake Jacobson as Corbin
Arturo del Puerto as Frank
Albert Thakur as Hutchens
Jenna Lyng as Selina
Ava Acres as Chloe
Justin Finney as Justin
Shi Ne Nielson as Olivia
Nikki Deloach as Claire
Wes McGee as Kyle Conrad
Ian Parks as Bar Patron
Distribution
The Devil 's in the Details was released in the United States on Blu-ray and DVD on March 12 , 2013 .
Reception
The film has garnered mixed to negative reviews . Reviewed by the DVD Verdict , writer Tom Becker observed the film as `` overwrought '' and `` under-thought '' , believing Ray Liotta contributed positively , the location and effects were `` lite '' , and the suspense was scarce , but felt `` the lack of a significant pay-off is just a tremendous cheat . '' Brendon Surpless of Blu-ray Definition called it `` a rather mundane film '' that `` has some entertaining moments thanks to a solid performance by veteran Ray Liotta . '' In a less critical review , Michael Reuben of blu-ray.com argued that the film `` keeps you guessing '' and credited Joel Mathews as a credible victim and Emilio Rivera to be the `` stuff of nightmares '' .
References
External links
2013 films
American thriller films
2013 thriller films
Films about Mexican drug cartels
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s Mexican films
Rhodri Davies ( born Aberystwyth , 1971 ) is a harp player working within the field of free improvisation . He was one of the most prominent members of the London reductionist school of improvised music that was active in the late 1990s and early 2000s and which has been described as being `` extremely influential over the last decade '' .
Davies is also active in the field of contemporary composition where he has commissioned new works for the harp from leading avant-garde composers . He has also worked as an orchestral player and as a session musician for Charlotte Church and Cinematic Orchestra amongst others . He has appeared on over 60 commercially available recordings .
He has created a number of installations and performances which involve destroying or disassembling the harp . In 2010 he was longlisted for the Northern Arts Prize and in 2012 he received the Foundation for Contemporary Arts Grants to Artists award .
He is a board member of the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival and a trustee of the AV Festival .
Improvisation
Davies started playing the harp at the age of seven and went on to study with Hugh Webb and Sioned Williams . Writing in Coda magazine David Lewis described him as `` the most radical '' of the harp players working within the field of improvised music as `` he approached [ the harp ] as a sculptural sound object rather than as an established musical tool with a pre-designated musical role . '' Davies uses preparations such as wine corks along with a variety of beaters and resonators to tease out different timbres from the instrument . He sometimes employs an ebow to induce a harmonic drone .
According to Davies , the reductionist school of improvisation with which he was associated in the late 1990s and early 2000s emerged as a result of `` being disinterested in the busy , non-stop , energetic gesture playing . We associated that more with a link to free jazz , remnants of which were in Improv . '' Critic Ben Watson described Davies ' playing as `` [ Derek ] Bailey 's guitar writ large , the soundworld of Pierre Boulez shot through with the funk and low humour repartee of the improvisor [ sic ] '' .
His collaborators have included David Toop , Max Eastley , Derek Bailey and Evan Parker and he has long-term musical relationships with John Butcher and the groups The Sealed Knot ( with Burkhard Beins and Mark Wastell ) , SLW ( with Burkhard Beins , Lucio Capece and Toshimaru Nakamura ) , Cranc ( with Angharad Davies and Nikos Veliotis ) and Common Objects ( various musicians ) .
In 2011 he was part of a group of musicians selected to represent the British improvised music scene in a festival entitled `` Just Not Cricket '' in Berlin which was filmed as the basis for a forthcoming documentary .
Other improvising harpists include Alice Coltrane , Zeena Parkins , Anne Le Baron , Clare Cooper , Helene Breschand and Carol Emanuel .
New Music
Davies is also active in the field of contemporary composition and new pieces for harp have been composed for him by leading avant-garde composers including Eliane Radigue , Phill Niblock , Christian Wolff and Ben Patterson . He has performed and recorded the music of Cornelius Cardew and Otomo Yoshihide and is a member of the new music ensemble Apartment House .
He was part of an ensemble selected to interpret new aural scores by Luc Ferrari , David Grubbs and others at Tate Modern in 2005 . In 2009 he performed as part of British composer Richard Barrett 's ensemble fORCH at the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival in a concert recorded for broadcast by BBC Radio 3
He is a co-founder & co-organiser of NAWR , a multidisciplinary concert series in Swansea and Hay-on-Wye of experimental music , free improvisation , film , lo-fi , free jazz , sound art , alternative folk and new music .
Installations and performance art
Davies has had an interest in destruction and creation in relation to the harp which he has explored in several recent performance and installation works . In 2008 he collaborated with the founder of Auto-Destructive Art , Gustav Metzger , on a series of events under the title of `` Self-Cancellation '' which took place at the Instal Festival in Glasgow and Beaconsfield in London . His performance `` Cut and Burn '' involved cutting and burning the strings of a concert pedal harp and then restringing the harp . His installation `` Room Harp '' was exhibited at the Hatton Gallery in Newcastle 's Great Northern Museum in 2010 .
Selected Discography
Davies appears on over 60 published recordings . Besides those listed , Davies also appears on recordings by Charlotte Church , Cinematic Orchestra , Richard Dawson , Apartment House , Zeitkratzer , Otomo Yoshihide , Furt , fORCH , Chris Burn 's Ensemble and Simon Fell 's SFE . A full discography can be found at European Free Improvisation Pages .
Solo
Trem ( 2002 ) , Confront Recordings
Overshadows ( 2004 ) , Confront Recordings
Duo with John Butcher
Vortices and Angels ( 2001 ) , Emanem – split CD with Derek Bailey/John Butcher
Carliol ( 2010 ) , Ftarri
The Sealed Knot ( with Burkhard Beins and Mark Wastell )
The Sealed Knot ( 2000 ) , Confront Recordings
Surface/Plane ( 2001 ) , Meniscus
Unwanted Object ( 2004 ) , Confront Recordings
And We Disappear ( 2009 ) , Another Timbre
SLW ( with Burkhard Beins , Lucio Capece and Toshimaru Nakamura )
SLW ( 2008 ) , Formed
Fifteen point nine grams ( 2009 ) , Organized Music from Thessaloniki
Cranc ( with Angharad Davies and Nikos Veliotis )
All Angels ( 1999 ) , Edo
Copper Fields , ( 2010 ) , Organized Music From Thessaloniki
IST ( with Simon H Fell and Mark Wastell )
Anagrams to Avoid ( 1997 ) , SIWA
Ghost Notes ( 1998 ) , Bruce 's Fingers
lodi ( 2005 ) , Confront
Various Improvising groups
Malthouse ( 1999 ) , 2:13 Records – with John Bisset
Company in Marseille ( 2001 ) , Incus – with Derek Bailey , Simon H Fell , Will Gaines and Mark Wastell
Strings with Evan Parker ( 2001 ) , Emanem – with Evan Parker and various string players
Ieirll ( 2005 ) , QBICO – with Ingar Zach
Done ( 2007 ) , Quakebasket – with Matt Davis and Mark Wastell
Cwymp Y Dŵr Ar Ganol Dydd ( 2006 ) Confront Recordings – with Traw
Valved Strings Calculator ( 2009 ) , Hibari – with Robin Hayward and Taku Unami
Kravis Rhonn Project ( 2009 ) , Another Timbre – with Annette Krebs
Dark Architecture ( 2009 ) , Another Timbre – with Max Eastley
Wunderkamern ( 2010 ) , Another Timbre – with David Toop and Lee Patterson
`` `` Cornelius Cardew : Works 1960–70 '' ( 2010 ) with John Tilbury , Michael Francis Duch and Rhodri Davies
See also
List of free improvising musicians and groups
Harp
References
Further reading
Davies , Rhodri , `` Berlin London 1997–1999 '' chapter in Echtzeitmusik Berlin , Selbstbestimmung Einer Szene/Self-Defining a Scene , ( Wolke Verlag , 2011 )
Eyles , John , `` Rhodri Davies '' , interview by John Eyles for All About Jazz online magazine ( October 2001 )
`` String Theories : Rhodri Davies '' interview ( 2010 ) at Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival website
Montgomery , Will , `` The Sealed Knot : Silence is a Rhythm Too '' , The Wire ( issue 220 , June 2002 ) , p. 14
External links
Artist website
Rhodri Davies entry on European Free Improvisation Pages
Video of “ Fire Harp ” performance at Bangor New Music Festival , 2007
1971 births
Living people
Welsh harpists
People from Aberystwyth
This is a list of the number-one hits of 1974 on Italian Hit Parade Singles Chart .
Number-one artists
See also
1974 in music
References
1974 in Italian music
Italy
1974
Pritykino ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 8 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pritykino is located 3 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Totma is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
EMPRETEC is a United Nations programme established by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) to promote the creation of sustainable , innovative , and internationally competitive small- and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) .
Programme
EMPRETEC is an integrated capacity building programme of UNCTAD in the area of SMEs and entrepreneurial skills promotion . It is dedicated to helping to promise entrepreneurs put their ideas into action and fledgling businesses to grow . The programme is part of UNCTAD 's mandate on enhancing productive capacity and international competitiveness for the benefit of economic development , poverty eradication and equal participation of developing countries and transition economies in the world economy .
The name EMPRETEC - the Spanish acronym for emprendedores ( entrepreneurs ) and tecnología ( technology ) - was first introduced in Argentina in 1988 . Since its inception , the EMPRETEC programme has been initiated in 36 countries . Early counties were Brazil , Venezuela , Chile and Uruguay in South America and Ghana , Nigeria and Zimbabwe in Africa .
EMPRETEC 's core product , the Entrepreneurship Training Workshop , is based on the research conducted by a psychologist from Harvard University , Professor David McClelland , who had done extensive work on entrepreneurship since the late 1950s . His Need theory proposes that everyone is driven by three needs . The participants in the programme are selected through focused interviews on the basis of both their personal proven entrepreneurial competencies and innovative approach to business . The EMPRETEC programme has a capacity to address other target groups of entrepreneurs ( ranging from business leaders and public sectors to entrepreneurs with limited literacym as well as women entrepreneurs ) . This can be done through a range of customized products that are available upon request .
UNCTAD installs the programme at the requests of its member States and in cooperation with the national public and private sector organizations that are responsible for and contributing to SME development in the country . Although the implementation of the EMPRETEC programme depends on the needs of the beneficiary country , there are several necessary steps to take toward the implementation of the EMPRETEC programme . After the implementation of an EMPRETEC Centre 's sustainability through the provision of revenue generating activities such as Business Development Services ( BDS ) and UNCTAD 's Business Linkages programme .
Awards
Since 2006 the programme has resulted in the Women in Business Awards which are given every two years to the leading woman who has achieved success after EMPRETEC training .
References
External links
United Nations General Assembly subsidiary organs
Kentucky Route 527 ( KY 527 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Kentucky . The route begins in Campbellsville at US Route 68 ( US 68 ) , KY 55 , and KY 70 and continues north to Saloma . It enters Marion and Raywick before continuing north to St. Francis where it intersects with KY 52 . The northern terminus is at an intersection with KY 49 at Holy Cross .
Major intersections
References
0527
Transportation in Marion County , Kentucky
Transportation in Taylor County , Kentucky
Barta Barri ( 16 August 1911 – 7 December 2003 ) was a Hungarian-born Spanish film actor .
Selected filmography
The Vila Family ( 1950 )
Criminal Brigade ( 1950 ) - Mario
Verónica ( 1950 )
Spanish Serenade ( 1952 ) - Jefe de los saboteadores
Dulce nombre ( 1952 )
Almas en peligro ( 1952 )
Persecution in Madrid ( 1952 ) - Pacheco
The Dance of the Heart ( 1953 ) - Don Pablo
Bronce y luna ( 1953 )
La montaña sin ley ( 1953 )
Fantasía española ( 1953 ) - Toscanelli
El presidio ( 1954 ) - Pedro Ramírez
The Louts ( 1954 )
Sor Angélica ( 1954 )
One Bullet Is Enough ( 1954 ) - Patorni
El ceniciento ( 1955 ) - Clara 's father
Los agentes del quinto grupo ( 1955 ) - Barrier
El indiano ( 1955 )
El golfo que vio una estrella ( 1955 )
El puente del diablo ( 1956 ) - Inspector
Ha pasado un hombre ( 1956 ) - Valdés
La pecadora ( 1956 ) - Francisco , el alcalde
Sitiados en la ciudad ( 1957 )
Whom God Forgives ( 1957 ) - Capataz
The Pride and the Passion ( 1957 ) - ( uncredited )
El aventurero ( 1957 ) - Emil
... Y eligió el infierno ( 1957 )
La guerra empieza en Cuba ( 1957 ) - Coronel
The Sun Comes Out Every Day ( 1958 ) - Pelotti
Muchachas en vacaciones ( 1958 )
El puente de la paz ( 1958 )
Red Cross Girls ( 1958 ) - Padre de Marion
Die Sklavenkarawane ( 1958 ) - Scheich el Dschemal
Las de Caín ( 1959 )
Una Gran señora ( 1959 ) - Duque de Rípoli
Der Löwe von Babylon ( 1959 ) - Pädar ( uncredited )
Listen To My Song ( 1959 ) - Isabel
Ama Rosa ( 1960 ) - Traficante
The Boy Who Stole a Million ( 1960 ) - Gang Leader
Peaches in Syrup ( 1960 )
Conqueror of Maracaibo ( 1961 ) - Wilson
The Invincible Gladiator ( 1961 ) - Gladiator
Darling ( 1961 ) - Revolutionary Leader
The Happy Thieves ( 1961 ) - Chern - Lawyer / Fence ( uncredited )
Frei Escova ( 1961 )
Mi adorable esclava ( 1962 ) - Comprador de la lámpara
The Son of Captain Blood ( 1962 ) - Kirby
Gladiators 7 ( 1962 ) - Flaccus
Siempre en mi recuerdo ( 1962 )
Duello nel Texas ( 1963 ) - Lou Stedman
The Secret Seven ( 1963 ) - Baxo
The Ceremony ( 1963 ) - Death house guard
José María ( 1963 )
Cyrano and d'Artagnan ( 1964 ) - Tréville ( uncredited )
Tintin and the Blue Oranges ( 1964 ) - L'émir ( uncredited )
Saul e David ( 1964 )
La carga de la policía montada ( 1964 ) - Trapper Don Halsey
Son of a Gunfighter ( 1965 ) - Esteban - Don Pedro 's Major Domo
That Man in Istanbul ( 1965 ) - Captain
Espionage in Tangier ( 1965 ) - French chauffeur
I grandi condottieri ( 1965 ) - Fara
La dama del alba ( 1966 ) - Carretero
Lightning Bolt ( 1966 ) - Senator Woolner
The Drums of Tabu ( 1966 ) - Barta
Black Box Affair ( 1966 )
The Big Gundown ( 1966 ) - Nathan Plummer - Old Outlaw ( uncredited )
Savage Pampas ( 1966 ) - Priest ( uncredited )
Joe l'implacabile ( 1967 ) - Cigno
I 'll Kill Him and Return Alone ( 1967 ) - Rancher - Tunstill 's Neighbor
Left Handed Johnny West ( 1967 ) - Sheriff
Las cicatrices ( 1967 ) - Mayoral
Custer of the West ( 1967 ) - Grand Duke Alexi
¡Cómo sois las mujeres ! ( 1968 )
La esclava del paraíso ( 1968 ) - Ahmed
Dead Men Do n't Count ( 1968 ) - Forrest
White Comanche ( 1968 ) - Mayor Bolker
O.K . Yevtushenko ( 1968 ) - Col. Yevtushenko
Prisionero en la ciudad ( 1969 ) - Chantajista
Kiss Me Monster ( 1969 ) - Inspektor Kramer
Bridge over the Elbe ( 1969 )
Garringo ( 1969 )
Simón Bolívar ( 1969 )
Cry Chicago ( 1969 ) - Matón , O'Connor 's henchman
A Candidate for a Killing ( 1969 ) - Hombre de los gémelos
El niño y el potro ( Más allá de río Miño ) ( 1969 ) - Maracoli
Los hombres las prefieren viudas ( 1970 ) - ( uncredited )
Mr. Superinvisible ( 1970 )
A Man Called Sledge ( 1970 )
Cannon for Cordoba ( 1970 ) - ( uncredited )
Growing Leg , Diminishing Skirt ( 1970 )
El vértigo del crimen ( 1970 ) - Mr. Fred
El vampiro de la autopista ( 1971 ) - Comisario
Goya , a Story of Solitude ( 1971 )
La Noche de Walpurgis ( 1971 ) - Muller
Un aller simple ( 1971 ) - Berck
El Hombre que Vino del Odio ( 1971 ) - Vittorio
Si estás muerto , ¿por qué bailas ? ( 1971 ) - Divilow
Red Sun ( 1971 ) - Paco
Nicholas and Alexandra - ( uncredited )
Bad Man 's River ( 1971 )
Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo ( 1972 ) - Gyogyo , the inn-keeper
Horror Express ( 1972 ) - First Telegraphist
Treasure Island ( 1972 ) - Redruth
Pancho Villa ( 1972 ) - Alfonso
Experiencia prematrimonial ( 1972 ) - Jorge
Huyendo del halcón ( 1973 )
The Man Called Noon ( 1973 ) - Mexican
.. e così divennero i 3 supermen del West ( 1973 ) - Saloon Owner ( uncredited )
Pugni , pirati e karatè ( 1973 ) - Pirate ( uncredited )
Tarot ( 1973 ) - Pastor
Las violentas ( 1974 ) - Howard
El talón de Aquiles ( 1974 )
El pez de los ojos de oro ( 1974 ) - Comisario
El kárate , el Colt y el impostor ( 1974 ) - Sheriff ( uncredited )
Night of the Walking Dead ( 1975 ) - Mijai
Ligeramente viudas ( 1976 )
Un día con Sergio ( 1976 ) - Maitre
The People Who Own the Dark ( 1976 ) - Russian ambassador
The Second Power ( 1976 ) - Doctor Daza
La menor ( 1976 )
Where Time Began ( 1977 ) - Professor
Curse of the Black Cat ( 1977 ) - Cronometrador
The Black Pearl ( 1977 ) - Luis
Fantasma en el Oeste ( 1978 )
From Hell to Victory ( 1979 ) - ( uncredited )
El lobo negro ( 1981 )
Revenge of the Black Wolf ( 1981 ) - Geronimo
Monster Dog ( 1984 ) - Old Man
The Sea Serpent ( 1985 ) - Defensor
Las tribulaciones de un Buda Bizco ( 1986 ) - ( final film role )
References
Bibliography
Pitts , Michael R. Western Movies : A Guide to 5,105 Feature Films . McFarland , 2012 .
External links
1911 births
2003 deaths
Hungarian emigrants to Spain
Hungarian male film actors
Spanish male film actors
Male actors from Budapest
The 1889 Dundee by-election was a parliamentary by-election held in September 1889 to elect one of the members for the British House of Commons constituency of Dundee , following the death of Joseph Firth .
Background
In February 1888 the voters of Dundee had gone to the polls to elect a replacement for Charles Carmichael Lacaita , one of the two members elected for Dundee in the 1886 general election , who had resigned from Parliament due to his disapproval of Gladstone 's Home Rule policy . The winner of this contest was the Liberal Joseph Bottomley Firth . However Firth died in September 1889 .
Election
Shortly after Firth 's death speculation started has to who would contest the vacant seat , with the Glasgow Herald reporting ex-Bailie Robertson was expected to be offered the Liberal nomination , with Mr Dalglish and Mr W. L. Boase thought to be possible Unionist candidates . John Burns was also speculated upon as a possible Socialist candidate . Four local Liberals , including John Leng , reportedly declined nomination as a candidate , but Leng eventually agreed to stand . John Leng had come to Dundee in 1851 to edit and manage The Dundee Advertiser , which he turned into a daily newspaper . He also founded The People 's Journal , The Evening Telegraph and The People 's Friend . The Glasgow Herald considered Leng to be a 'strong candidate ' , but thought that the Dundee Unionists had a chance of defeating him if they selected 'candidate of great local weight ' .
Ultimately there was no contest and Leng was returned without opposition , the first time the Dundee seat had not been contested since Sir John Ogilvy was returned unopposed at the 1865 general election , when Dundee was still a one-member seat .
Leng was a supporter of Irish Home Rule and also supported Home Rule for Scotland , chairing a meeting of the Scottish Home Rule Association on the evening of his election . The Glasgow Herald described him as a strong supporter of Gladstone and considered Dundee 'fortunate ' to have him as an MP .
Result
References
1889 elections in the United Kingdom
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Dundee constituencies
19th century in Dundee
1889 in Scotland
1880s elections in Scotland
September 1889 events
Unopposed by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Scottish constituencies
Masada Anniversary Edition Volume 2 : Voices in the Wilderness is the second album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn 's Masada songbook project . It features 24 compositions by Zorn , each performed by different ensembles .
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3½ stars . The Klezmer Shack stated `` for the wonderous ways in which these compositions are re-discovered and re-explored by a host of ensembles around the world , this collection becomes essential ... This tribute only hints at the influence that Zorn and his Masada music have had internationally ... This set is a wonderful starting point to get a sense of the music , or to enjoy its diversity and diverse interpretation .
Track listing
* misspelled as `` Malkut '' on album sleeve
Personnel
Disc one
Karaim
Basya Schecter – oud , vocals
Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz – bass
Daphna Mor – recorder , melodica
Ben Oir – guitar
Noah Heoffeld – cello
Meg Okura – violin
Daniel Freedman – percussion , vocal shouts
Kisofim
Ben Perowsky – drums
Uri Caine – piano
Drew Gress – bass
Meholalot
Jaroslaw Tyrala – violin
Jaroslaw Bester – accordion
Oleg Dyyak – accordion , clarinet , percussion
Wojciech Front – bass
Lakom
Bruce Ackley – soprano
Larry Ochs – tenor
Jon Raskin – baritone saxophone
Steve Adams – sopranino
Tekufah
Wayne Horvitz – Fender Rhodes
Timothy Young – guitar
Keith Lowe – bass
Andy Roth – drums
Paran
Glenn Dickson – clarinet
Gary Bohan – trumpet
Michael McLaughlin – piano
Brandon Seabrook – guitar
James Gray – tuba
Eric Rosenthal – drums
Khebar
Mark Kramer – all instruments , voice
Nevalah
Daniel Zamir – soprano
Kevin Zubek – drums
Abidan
Jewlia Eisenberg – voice
Wesley Anderson – percussion
Tirzah
Chris Speed – clarinet
Brad Shepik – tamboura , electric saz , guitar
Skuli Sverrisson – bass , baritone guitar drones
Jim Black – drums , percussion
Jamie Saft – organ , keyboards , bass , guitar , programming
Peliyot
Eyal Maoz – guitar
Avishai Cohen – trumpet
Shebuah
Steve Bernstein – cornet
Doug Wieselman – Eb clarinet
Marty Ehrlich – bass clarinet
Doug Wamble – vocals , guitar
Aaron Johnson – shakers
Disc two
Ziphim
John Medeski – keyboards
Billy Martin – percussion
Chris Wood – bass
Avodah
Jon Madof – guitar
Mathias Kunzli – drums , percussion
Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz – bass
Rokhev
Daniel Hoffman – violin
Moses Sedler – cello
Paul Hanson – bassoon
Kevin Mummey – cajon
Tannaim
Mark Orton – guitar , dobro , banjo , percussion
Carla Kihlstedt – violin , viola
Rob Burger – accordion , bass harmonica
Acharei Mot
Peter Apfelbaum – organ , tenor , percussion
Hiawatha Lockport – organ
Charles Burnham – violin
David Phelps – guitar
Patrice Blanchard – bass
Dafnis Prieto – drums
Malkhut *
Ikue Mori – laptop electronics
Sylvie Courvoisier – piano
Susie Ibarra – drums
Kochot
Mike Patton – all instruments , voice
William Winant – percussion
Jair
Ben Goldberg – clarinet
Devin Hoff – bass
Ches Smith – drums
Ne'eman
Dave Binney – alto
Steve Cardenas – guitar
Tony Scherr – guitar
Jesse Murphy – bass
Brian Mitchell – organ
Kenny Wollesen – drums
Tahah
Anthony Coleman – piano
Brad Jones – bass
Roberto Rodriguez – drums
Tiferet
Jenny Scheinman – violin
Nels Cline – guitar
Todd Sickafoose – bass
Scott Amendola – drums
Kedem
Jamie Saft – organ , keyboards , bass , guitar , programming
Vanessa Saft – vocals
* misspelled as `` Malkut '' on album sleeve
References
2003 albums
Albums produced by John Zorn
Tzadik Records albums
Masada Anniversary albums
The 927th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion is a component of the 50th Regional Support Group in the Army National Guard of the United States . Its headquarters are located at Camp Blanding in Florida . , the battalion is commanded by lieutenant colonel Geri Swarts and , Command Sergeant Major Frank Williams . Five companies are part of the 927th Combat Service Support Battalion :
256th Area Support Medical Company
153rd Financial Management Support Unit
927th Headquarters Company
631st Maintenance Company
856th Quartermaster Company
The battalion headquarters returned from Operation Iraqi Freedom April 2008 . LTC Valeria Gonzalez-Kerr and CSM Sally M Bailey was the first all woman command team in Iraq .
References
Battalions of the United States Army National Guard
Military units and formations in Florida
CSSB 0927
Harsoinen teräs is the third and final album of Hassisen Kone , released in 1982 . Musically , the album has a progressive twist to it . The songs are more complicated than on the group 's two previous albums , and the band 's lineup was expanded to seven people for this album , featuring a new guitarist Jukka Orma ( who later continued with Ismo Alanko in Sielun Veljet ) , saxophonist Antti Seppo , keyboardist Safka Pekkonen and percussionist Hannu Porkka .
Track listing
All songs by Alanko .
`` Harsoinen teräs '' —4:40
`` Kupla kimaltaa '' —3:30
`` Levottomat jalat '' —3:04
`` Totuus '' —5:35
`` Eksyneet lampaat '' —2:37
`` Julkinen eläin '' —3:50
`` Kuollut eläköön '' —4:44
`` Olen toki , vain sen tiedän '' —4:15
`` Pelko '' —6:21
English edition
The track list of an English language edition ( which has only vocal tracks redubbed ) is slightly different , replacing some tracks with songs from previous releases .
High Tension Wire ( Harsoinen teräs ) —04:51
Gold Bricks ( Muoviruusuja omenapuissa ) —04:00
Bubbles in the Stream ( Kupla kimaltaa ) —03:42
Truth ( Totuus ) —05:33
Blood Runs Slow ( Hiljaa virtaa veri ) —05:19
Walking Fever ( Levottomat jalat ) —03:05
Beast in the Window ( Julkinen eläin ) —03:52
Panic ( Pelko ) —06:57
Personnel
Ismo Alanko -- vocals
Jukka Orma -- guitar
Jussi Kinnunen -- bass , backing vocals
Safka Pekkonen -- organ , electric piano , piano , backing vocals
Hannu Porkka -- xylophone , percussion
Antti Seppo -- saxophone
Harri Kinnunen -- drums
References
1982 albums
Hassisen Kone albums
As of May 2022 , minefields in Croatia cover of territory . The minefields ( usually known as `` mine suspected areas '' or MSA ) are located in 7 counties and 33 cities and municipalities . These areas are thought to contain approximately c.14,300 land mines , in addition to unexploded ordnance left over from the Croatian War of Independence .
The area suspected of containing land mines is marked using more than 8,022 warning signs . Based on the analysis of the area structure in MSAs , at the end of 2020 , after the demining , technical survey and general and supplementary general survey , it was determined that 98.7 % of MSAs are forests and forest areas , while 1.1 % MSAs of the Republic of Croatia are agricultural land , and 0.2 % of MSAs are categorized as `` other areas '' ( water , wetlands , rocks , landslides , rocks , shores , etc . ) .
References
External links
MIS Portal – maps of mine suspected areas in Croatia
Croatia
Croatian War of Independence
The 2022 Campeonato Carioca de Futebol ( officially the Cariocão Betfair 2022 for sponsorship reasons ) was the 119th edition of the top division of football in the state of Rio de Janeiro . The competition was organized by FERJ . It began on 25 January 2022 and ended on 2 April 2022 .
Fluminense defeated the defending champions Flamengo on aggregate 3–1 to win their 32nd title .
Participating teams
Format
In the main competition , the twelve clubs played each other on a single round-robin . This round-robin was the Taça Guanabara . The last placed club was relegated to the 2022 Série A2 . While the top four clubs qualified for the final stage , the next four clubs ( 5th to 8th places ) qualified for the Taça Rio . In the Taça Rio , the 5th-placed club faced the 8th-placed club , and the 6th-placed faced the 7th-placed . In the final stage , the winners of the Taça Guanabara faced the 4th-placed club , while the runners-up faced the 3rd-placed club .
In both of these four-team brackets ( the Taça Rio and the final stage ) , the semifinals and finals were played over two legs , without the use of the away goals rule . In the semifinals of both the Taça Rio and the final stage , the better placed teams on the Taça Guanabara table would advance in case of an aggregate tie . In the finals of both brackets , there were no such advantage ; in case of an aggregate tie , a penalty shoot-out would take place .
Taça Guanabara
< onlyinclude >
Taça Rio – Final stage
Final stage
Semi-finals
Group A
Group B
Finals
Torneio Independência
The Torneio Independência was contested by all the teams participating in the Campeonato Carioca except the `` Big Four '' of Rio de Janeiro ( Botafogo , Flamengo , Fluminense and Vasco da Gama ) . Their standings were based in the results of the Taça Guanabara excluding all the matches played against the Big Four . The top two teams qualified for the 2023 Copa do Brasil , while the winners won the Troféu José Luiz de Magalhães Lins Filho .
< onlyinclude >
Overall table
Top goalscorers
References
Campeonato Carioca seasons
Carioca
2022 in Brazilian football
The 1974 Annual World 's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha , the third volume in a series of nineteen . It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1974 , followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club . For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Victor Valla . The paperback edition was reissued by DAW in December 1979 under the variant title Wollheim 's World 's Best SF : Series Three , this time with cover art by Vicente Segrelles . A British hardcover edition was published by The Elmfield Press in October 1975 under the variant title The World 's Best SF Short Stories No . 1 .
The book collects ten novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors , with an introduction by Wollheim . Most of the stories were previously published in 1973 in the magazines Galaxy , Worlds of If , Vertex , The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction , and Amazing Science Fiction , and the anthologies View from Another Shore and New Writings in SF 22 .
Contents
`` Introduction '' ( Donald A. Wollheim )
`` A Supplicant in Space '' ( Robert Sheckley )
`` Parthen '' ( R. A. Lafferty )
`` Doomship '' ( Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson )
`` Weed of Time '' ( Norman Spinrad ) ( Originally published in 1970 )
`` A Modest Genius '' ( translation of `` Skromnyi Geniy '' , 1963 ) ( Vadim Shefner )
`` The Deathbird '' ( Harlan Ellison )
`` Evane '' ( E. C. Tubb )
`` Moby , Too '' ( Gordon Eklund )
`` Death and Designation Among the Asadi '' ( Michael Bishop )
`` Construction Shack '' ( Clifford D. Simak )
Awards
`` The Deathbird '' was nominated for the 1973 Nebula Award for Best Novelette , won the 1974 Hugo Award for Best Novelette , and placed first in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Short Fiction .
`` Death and Designation Among the Asadi '' was nominated for the 1973 Nebula Award for Best Novella and the 1974 Hugo Award for Best Novella , and placed seventh in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Novella .
`` Construction Shack '' was nominated for the 1974 Hugo Award for Best Short Story .
External links
1974 anthologies
1974
DAW Books books
Kim Seong-eun ( born 9 July 1967 ) is a South Korean water polo player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1967 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Friedrich Wilhelm Kegel ( 1874–1948 ) , from 1924 to 1933 director of the mining operations at Tsumeb mine , Namibia . He was German until his naturalisation in South West Africa . After his resignation he lived in Switzerland . He visited the Tsumeb mine from December 1938 until March 1939 and from February 1940 until March 1940 as a consultant for the Otavi Mining Company .
The mineral Kegelite , discovered in the Tsumeb mine , was named after him by American volcanologist David Richardson .
Kegel took the first published photograph of the Hoba meteorite .
See also
Kegelite
Tsumeb
Otavi Mining and Railway Company
Hoba meteorite
References
External links
geol.ucsb.edu : a photo of Friedrich Wilhelm Kegel
1874 births
1948 deaths
Namibian people of German descent
White Namibian people
Materia is the sixth studio album by Italian band Novembre . This album saw Novembre take on a sound consisting of an evident progressive rock influence , with mostly clean vocals and very few growled passages . `` The Promise '' is a cover of a song by the band Arcadia . `` Croma '' and `` Nothijngrad '' were originally written during the writing of Novembrine Waltz , but were unused until this album . These two tracks were a gift for the fans who awaited the release of this album .
Track listing
Personnel
Novembre
Carmelo Orlando – vocals , guitars
Massimiliano Pagliuso – guitars
Giuseppe Orlando – drums
Additional personnel
Fabio Fraschini – bass guitar
Mika Jussila – mastering
T. T. Oksala – mixing
Lucio Muzzi – photography
Travis Smith – artwork
References
Novembre albums
2006 albums
Albums with cover art by Travis Smith ( artist )
Jesús Picó ( 20 April 1935 – 20 December 1993 ) was a Chilean footballer . He played in five matches for the Chile national football team in 1957 . He was also part of Chile 's squad for the 1957 South American Championship .
References
External links
1935 births
1993 deaths
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association football midfielders
Santiago Wanderers footballers
San Luis de Quillota footballers
Magallanes footballers
Oscar Bielaski ( March 21 , 1847 – November 8 , 1911 ) was an American right fielder and the first Polish-American to play Major League Baseball , playing from 1872 until 1876 . His father , Alexander Bielaski , a captain in the Union army , died at the Battle of Belmont . A. Bruce Bielaski , head of the Bureau of Investigation , and his sister , Ruth Shipley , head of the State Department 's Passport Division , were first cousins of Oscar . Oscar learned to play baseball while enlisted in the Union Army as a drummer .
Oscar Bielaski was inducted in the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Oscar was born in Washington , D.C. , and died there , at the age of 64 . He is interred at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington , Virginia .
References
External links
National Polish-American Sports HOF profile
American people of Polish descent
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Washington , D.C .
Washington Nationals ( NA ) players
Washington Blue Legs players
Baltimore Canaries players
Chicago White Stockings players
Major League Baseball right fielders
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
1847 births
1911 deaths
Washington Nationals ( minor league ) players
Nationals of Washington players
Union Army soldiers
Pandanus elatus is a dioecious tropical plant in the screwpine genus . It is endemic to Christmas Island , an Australian territory in the north-eastern Indian Ocean . Its specific epithet comes from the Latin elatus ( tall ) , in reference to its growth habit .
Description
Pandanus elatus is an erect tree , with basal prop roots , that grows to 20 m in height . Its leaves grow to 3 m long and 100 mm wide , dark green and with marginal prickles . The plants do not form the densely tangled thickets that characterise P. christmatensis .
Distribution and habitat
Found only on Christmas Island , the tree is found on deeper soils in the rainforest , sometimes in small groves .
Taxonomy
The tree is closely related to P. leram Jones , of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and the southern coasts of Sumatra and western Java .
References
Notes
Sources
elatus
Endemic flora of Christmas Island
Plants described in 1906
Taxa named by Henry Nicholas Ridley
Çamlıova is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
N4 , N-4 , or N.4 may refer to :
Computing
N4 ( NHS ) , the successor to the N3 NHS computer network
NASCAR Racing 4 , a NASCAR sim by Papyrus and Sierra
N4 , a Markup Language
Roads
N4 highway ( Philippines )
N4 ( Bangladesh )
N4 road ( Belgium ) , a road connecting Brussels and Arlon
N4 road ( France )
N4 road ( Gabon )
N4 road ( Ireland ) , a National Primary Route connecting Dublin , Mullingar , Longford , Carrick-on-Shannon , and Sligo
N4 road ( Luxembourg )
N4 road ( Senegal )
N4 road ( South Africa ) , a road connecting the Botswana border , Pretoria , and the Mozambique border
N4 road ( Spain ) , a National Primary Route connecting Madrid and Andalusia
N4 road ( Switzerland )
Nebraska Highway 4 , a state highway in the U.S. state of Nebraska
Transport
Fairey N.4 , a British reconnaissance flying boat of the 1920s
LNER Class N4 , a British steam locomotive class
Minerva Airlines , IATA airline designator
SP & S Class N-4 , a steam locomotive class
USS N-4 ( SS-56 ) , a 1916 N-class coastal defense submarine of the United States Navy
Other
, an unstable molecule of nitrogen ( tetranitrogen )
N4 , a postcode district in the N postcode area of London
N4 , a Drum & Bass / Hardcore record label run by Pete Cannon . Named after the N4 London postcode district
N4 ( television channel ) , a community television channel in Akureyri , Iceland
Washburn N4 , an electric guitar
The second level in the Japanese Language Proficiency Test
Nexus 4 , an Android smartphone
See also
N04 may refer to :
ATC code N04 Anti-parkinson drugs , a subgroup of the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System
Griswold Airport FAA LID
Nephrotic syndrome ICD-10 code
N°4 , a shortening for Number Four ( disambiguation )
Emmanuel Lebesson ( born 24 April 1988 ) is a French table tennis player . He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men 's singles event , in which he was eliminated by Adrian Crișan , and as part of the French team in the men 's team event . In October 2016 he won the men 's singles title at the European Table Tennis Championships , defeating compatriot Simon Gauzy in the final .
References
1988 births
Living people
People from Niort
French male table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of France
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in table tennis
Sportspeople from Deux-Sèvres
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for France
Mediterranean Games medalists in table tennis
Competitors at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Universiade silver medalists for France
European Games medalists in table tennis
Table tennis players at the 2015 European Games
European Games silver medalists for France
Table tennis players at the 2019 European Games
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2011 Summer Universiade
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Meiereibach is a small river of Hesse , Germany . It flows into the Darmbach in Darmstadt .
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Gerald FitzGibbon ( 1837 – 14 October 1909 ) was an Irish barrister and judge , who is regarded as one of the outstanding Irish jurists of his time . He came from a family which produced three generations of eminent lawyers , with the father , son and grandson each bearing the name Gerald FitzGibbon .
Background and early career
He was the elder of the two sons of Gerald FitzGibbon , QC , Master in Chancery ( 1793-1882 ) , and his wife Ellen Patterson ( died 1885 ) , daughter of John Patterson of Belfast ; his younger brother Henry ( died 1912 ) was a distinguished doctor . The younger Gerald was educated at Trinity College Dublin , where he was elected a Scholar . He retained deep feelings of affection and loyalty towards Trinity College throughout his life , and gave evidence on its behalf before a Royal Commission in 1906 .
He entered Lincoln 's Inn in 1857 . He was called to the Irish Bar in 1860 and to the English Bar the following year . He went on the Munster Circuit , where he quickly acquired a large practice . He was a fine lawyer and an eloquent public speaker . Maurice Healy recalled his `` beautiful voice '' , which was sometimes compared to that of the great Russian singer Feodor Chaliapin : this , combined with a certain natural acting ability , made his arguments extraordinarily persuasive .
His courtroom victories included the libel action O'Keeffe v Cardinal Cullen , an unprecedented legal victory by a Catholic priest against Cardinal Paul Cullen ( although the verdict was reversed on appeal ) .
Another triumph was in the disputed will case of Bagot v Bagot , where he appeared for Mrs. Alice Bagot ( ne Verner ) , daughter of Sir William Verner , 2nd Baronet and Mary Pakenham , and widow of Christopher Nevile Bagot , of Aughrane Castle , Justice of the Peace for County Galway . Her husband had denied paternity of her son , William , and disinherited him in favour
of Christopher 's brother John . Fitzgibbon 's eloquence , in the teeth of formidable medical evidence on the paternity issue produced by John Bagot , who was the beneficiary under his brother 's will , persuaded the jury that Christopher Bagot was under a temporary mental delusion when he wrote his will , and that the child was his .
Having initially declined to take silk in 1868 , he became Queen 's Counsel in 1872 . He was a Bencher of the King 's Inns , and his portrait hangs in the Dining Hall there .
In 1876 he became Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , and the following year he became Solicitor General for Ireland .
Lord Justice of Appeal
In 1878 he was appointed to the Bench as Lord Justice of the Court of Appeal in Ireland , with the general approval of the legal profession , and also the Press , who praised both his political moderation and his legal ability . He served on that Court with immense distinction for more than thirty years .
Reputation
The old Court of Appeal has been described as probably the strongest judicial tribunal ever to exist in Ireland , due to the presence of such exceptional judges as Fitzgibbon himself , Hugh Holmes , Christopher Palles and Lord Ashbourne . While Palles is usually regarded as the greatest of the Irish judges of his time , some contemporaries thought that FitzGibbon was at least his equal : it is noteworthy that when the House of Lords heard appeals from decisions where FitzGibbon had dissented , they almost always preferred his view to that of his colleagues .
Maurice Healy believed that FitzGibbon as a judge fell short of true greatness due to a certain lack of judicial impartiality , in that if he had a strong sympathy for one party to the appeal , he always found a way of deciding the case in their favour . On the other hand , Healy thought that the courtesy with which he conducted every appeal , and the deep interest he took in the legal arguments , made appearing in front of him `` an intellectual treat '' . Delaney praises Fitzgibbon both for his profound erudition and his innate sense of justice . However he agrees with Healy that FitzGibbon , like Lord Ashbourne , was a pragmatist , who would always try to find in favour of the party he believed to have justice on their side , even if the precedents pointed the other way . Palles and Holmes , by contrast , although they were no less anxious to do justice between the parties , went strictly by the precedents .
Quinn v Leathem
Fitzgibbon went regularly on assizes , most often to Belfast . It was there in 1896 that he sat as the trial judge , with a jury , in the controversial case of Quinn v Leathem . The House of Lords subsequently found that for several members of a trade union to ask a businessman only to deal with customers who employ union labour amounts to a conspiracy to injure him , even though such a request , when made by an individual , had previously been found by the same tribunal in Allen v Flood to be perfectly lawful . While the judgment on appeal aroused great indignation among trade unions , FitzGibbon , from the report of his summing up to the jury , seems to have stated the law ( as it stood at the time ) correctly .
Judicial style
His judgments were written in a clear , sharp and decisive style , often with an abrupt opening sentence such as : `` I doubt that the [ Court of ] King 's Bench can have been conscious of the consequences of its decision in this case '' .
A good example of his judicial style can be found in Aaron 's Reefs v Twiss , where the Court of Appeal divided on the question of whether certain statements in a company 's prospectus were simply `` optimistic '' or actually fraudulent . FitzGibbon found that there is no legal difference between a company which omits crucial facts from its prospectus and one which deliberately misrepresents the facts , remarking that : `` if a company can not be floated if the whole truth be disclosed by its prospectus , it can not be honestly launched at all '' . To the argument that the application of this standard of commercial honesty would be fatal to most company prospectuses , he observed drily : `` So much the better '' .
Political and social life
He was a Conservative in politics , and a close friend of Lord Randolph Churchill ; it was in a letter to FitzGibbon in 1886 that Churchill remarked that to effectively oppose the support of Liberal Party Prime Minister Gladstone for Irish Home Rule , `` the Orange card would be the one to play '' . Yet FitzGibbon was noted for his political moderation : he had a wide circle of friends of differing political views , and his daughter Anne married a close relative of Gladstone . His house , Kilrock , on the Hill of Howth , was one of the centres of Dublin social life : here he entertained not only his legal colleagues , but many of the leading Irish and British politicians of the day . His Christmas parties at Kilrock were for many years one of the high points of the Dublin social calendar .
He was a man of great erudition , and had numerous interests outside the law . He was a devoted member of the Church of Ireland , and spoke eloquently in 1904 of his confidence in the future of `` the Church which I love '' . He was a member of the General Synod of the Church : he was called the most influential Protestant laymen of his time , and was rewarded with a statue in St. Patrick 's Cathedral . At the same time he was an active Freemason , and contributed much of his time and money to Masonic causes and charities .
He took a deep interest in the future of Irish education , and chaired a committee on educational endowments from 1885 to 1897 . He gave evidence to the Royal Commission on the future of Trinity College Dublin , and the University of Dublin in 1906 . He strongly defended the university 's policy on the admission of Catholics , pointing out that Chief Baron Palles – one of his most distinguished colleagues on the Bench – was a Catholic graduate of the same university , and shared FitzGibbon 's deep attachment to it . He generously praised Clongowes Wood College , Palles 's old school , as an example of the best of Roman Catholic education .
He was a member of both the Privy Council of Ireland and from 1900 of the British Privy Council .
Death and tributes
He died rather suddenly at Kilrock on 14 October 1909 . The next day the Lord Chief Justice of England in open court paid tribute to `` that great judge , profound lawyer and man of wide and varied learning '' . This is apparently the only time an Irish judge has been honoured in this way . The Times paid him an equally glowing tribute , describing him as a man whose gifts could have easily seen him rise to the top of the political rather than the judicial sphere .
He is buried in old St. Fintan 's Cemetery , Sutton , near the ruined church . His statue ( picture above ) stands in the North Aisle of St Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin .
Family
He married in 1864 Margaret Ann FitzGerald , daughter of Francis Alexander FitzGerald , Baron of the Court of Exchequer and his wife Janet Burton . They had seven children , including Gerald Fitzgibbon the third , who represented the Dublin University from 1921 to 1923 and served as a judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland from 1924 to 1938 . Of his daughters Janet married General Sir William Shone , and Anne married John Gladstone , great-nephew of the celebrated statesman . The family were members of the Church of Ireland .
In literature
He appears briefly in Ulysses by James Joyce .
References
Irish Anglicans
1837 births
1909 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Burials at St. Fintan 's Cemetery , Sutton
Lords Justice of Appeal for Ireland
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Scholars of Trinity College Dublin
Solicitors-General for Ireland
19th-century Irish judges
19th-century Irish lawyers
Erigeron tener is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name slender fleabane . It is native to the western United States , largely in the Great Basin , in the states of California , Arizona , Nevada , Utah , Oregon , Wyoming , Idaho , and Montana .
Erigeron tener grows in open , rocky habitats . It is a perennial herb up to 20 centimeters ( 8 inches ) tall , producing a large taproot and a woody caudex . It is surrounded at the base by narrow oval leaves up to 8 cm ( 3.2 inches ) long , on petioles . There may be a few much smaller leaves along the stem . The inflorescence is made up of 1-3 flower heads per stem , each head lined with hairy , glandular phyllaries . The head contains 15–40 blue or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of AgriculturePlants Profile
Calphotos Photo gallery , University of California
tener
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1876
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
is a Japanese former sumo wrestler from Aomori , Aomori Prefecture . He made his professional debut in January 1999 . At the age of 32 , he was promoted to the top makuuchi division in the November 2008 tournament . His highest rank was maegashira 3 . He is now a sumo coach .
Career
Bushuyama was a contemporary of Wakanosato and Takamisakari , both also from Aomori . He was a member of the sumo club at Daito Bunka University , and reached the round of 16 in the 1998 All Japan Sumo Championship . As his club did not have many members , they regularly trained at Musashigawa stable , and this was the heya he joined upon entering the professional ranks . He made his debut in the same tournament as Asashōryū . He was given special dispensation to begin his career in the third highest makushita division because of his achievements in amateur sumo , but in 2001 fell to the jonidan division because of an elbow injury . He reached the second highest jūryō division in September 2003 , the first member of his university to attain sekitori status .
In 2005 he fell back to , and did not return to until January 2007 . He won the division championship for the first time in July 2008 , with a 12–3 record . He followed up with a 10–5 score in September . In November 2008 , he was finally promoted to the top division . It had taken him 59 tournaments to win promotion to the top division from his debut , which at the time was the longest of any former collegiate champion ( this dubious honor is now held by Tsurugidake ) . At 32 years and five months he was also the fourth oldest wrestler to make his top division debut since the end of World War II .
Bushuyama scored eight wins in his top division debut and was promoted to maegashira 6 for the January 2009 tournament . However , a very disappointing 2–13 record there meant he was demoted back to the jūryō division for the March 2009 tournament . He scored 8–7 there , enough for an immediate top division return . He recovered from 1–5 down in May to score 9–6 at 15 . In the September tournament he produced his best top division score of 10–5 , narrowly failing to win a special prize after being beaten on the final day . He was promoted to his highest rank of 3 for November 2009 . He defeated Kotomitsuki in this tournament , but recorded a make-koshi score of 6–9 . In January 2010 he produced a poor 2–13 record , the same score from the same rank as the previous Hatsu basho in 2009 . However , on this occasion he remained in the top division for the following tournament , albeit at the very lowest rank of West . He lost his top division status after scoring only 4–11 in March , but won his second championship with an 11–4 record in May and secured an immediate return to makuuchi . He was demoted to juryo again after the November 2010 tournament , and lost status altogether after the May 2012 tournament , never to regain it .
Retirement from sumo
Bushuyama announced his retirement after the January 2013 . He became an elder of the Japan Sumo Association under the name Onogawa Oyakata . His danpatsu-shiki or official retirement ceremony was held in the Ryogoku Kokugikan October 2013 , with around 300 guests and his stablemaster , former Mienoumi , making the final cut of his topknot . He works as a coach at his old stable , now renamed Fujishima stable . In January 2016 he switched to the Kiyomigata elder name ( owned by active wrestler Tochiozan . ) In May 2020 he switched to the Kasugayama kabu ( owned by Ikioi ) . In May 2021 he acquired the Matsuchiyama name following the retirement of the former Banryūyama .
Fighting style
Bushuyama favoured yotsu-sumo or a grappling style , preferring a or right hand outside , left hand inside grip on his opponents mawashi . His most common winning technique was ( force-out ) followed by ( push out ) and ( force out and down ) .
Career record
See also
Glossary of sumo terms
List of sumo tournament second division champions
List of past sumo wrestlers
List of sumo elders
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Japanese sumo wrestlers
People from Aomori ( city )
Sumo people from Aomori Prefecture
Börje Nilsson can refer to :
Börje Nilsson ( footballer ) , a Swedish footballer
Börje Nilsson ( sport shooter ) , a Swedish Olympic sport shooter
Medical geology is an emerging interdisciplinary scientific field studying the relationship between natural geological factors and their effects on human and animal health . The Commission on Geological Sciences for Environmental Planning defines medical geology as `` the science dealing with the influence of ordinary environmental factors on the geographical distribution of health problems in man and animals . ''
In its broadest sense , medical geology studies exposure to or deficiency of trace elements and minerals ; inhalation of ambient and anthropogenic mineral dusts and volcanic emissions ; transportation , modification and concentration of organic compounds ; and exposure to radionuclides , microbes and pathogens .
History
Many have deemed medical geology as a new field , when in actuality it is re-emerging . Hippocrates and Aristotle first recognized the relationship between human diseases and the earth 's elements . This field ultimately depends on a number of different fields coming and working together to solve some of the earth 's mysteries . The scientific term for this field is `` hydrobiogeochemoepidemiopathoecology '' ; however , it is more commonly known as medical geology . It was established in 1990 by the International Union of Geological Sciences . Paracelsus , the father of pharmacology ( 1493–1541 ) , stated that `` all substances are poisons , there is none which is not a poison . The right dosage differentiates a poison and a remedy . '' This passage sums up the idea of medical geology . The goal of this field is to find the right balance and intake of elements/minerals in order to improve and maintain health .
Examples of research in medical geology include :
Studies on the impact of contaminant mobility as a result of extreme weather events such as flooding .
Lead and other heavy metal exposure resulting from dust and other particulates
Asbestos exposure such as amphibole asbestos dusts in Libby , Montana
Fungal infection resulting from airborne dust , such as Valley Fever or coccidioidomycosis
Recently , a new concept of geomedical engineering has been introduced in medical geology through a paper titled `` Geomedical Engineering : A new and captivating prospect '' . It provides the fundamentals of engineering applications to the medical geology issues .
Environment and human health
It is widely known that the state of our environment affects us in many ways . Minerals and rocks have an impact on human and animal populations because that is what the earth is composed of . Medical geology brings professionals from both the medicine field and the geology field to help us understand this relationship . There are two priorities that have been established within the medical geology field , `` ( 1 ) the study of trace elements , especially their bioavailability and ( 2 ) a need to establish baseline , or background levels of contaminants/xenobiotics/potentially harmful but naturally occurring materials in water , soil , air , food , and animal tissue . '' The elements and minerals in the land affect people and animals immensely , especially when there is a close relationship between the two . Those who depend heavily on the land are faced with one of two problems . First , those who live in places such as Maputaland , South Africa are exposed to heavily impoverished soils which result in a number of diseases caused by mineral imbalances . Secondly , those in areas such as India and Bangladesh are often exposed to an excess of elements in the land , resulting in mineral toxicity .
All living organisms need some naturally occurring elements ; however , excessive amounts can be detrimental to health . There is a direct link between health and the earth because all humans ingest and breath in these chemicals and for the most part it is done unknowingly .
Sources of chemical exposure
There are many ways in which humans come into contact with the earth 's elements and below are only a few ways in which we become exposed to them .
Volcanoes are one of the main sources that bring all the toxicity from inside the earth to the outside . They bring out chemicals such as ; arsenic , beryllium , cadmium , mercury , lead , radon , and uranium .
Rocks are also one of the leading sources in exposure to these elements . `` They are essentially the source of all the naturally occurring chemical elements found on the earth . ''
Diseases
Iodine deficiency
One of the biggest geochemical diseases is iodine deficiency . Thirty percent of the world is at risk for it and insufficient intake is the most common cause of mental retardation and brain damage . The sea is a major source of iodine and those who are further from it are at a disadvantage . Another source of it is in soil ; however , goitrogens such as humus and clay trap the iodine , making it hard for people to access it . Some cultures actually consume the earth 's minerals by eating soil and clay ; this is known as geophagy . It is most common in the tropics , especially among pregnant women . The Ottomac people of South America engage in this practice and none have suffered from any health problems related with mineral/ Iodine deficiency .
Cardiovascular disease
Cardiovascular disease has often been linked to water hardness as the main cause . Water hardness means that there is magnesium in the water with calcium playing a role . Some research has completely discredited this evidence , and has found that the more magnesium in the water the less chance of death cardiovascular disease .
Radiation
Natural radiation is found everywhere ; it is in the air , water , soil , rocks , minerals and food . The largest amount of radiation comes from radon . Certain places are called 'high background radiation areas ' ( HBRAs ) , such as Guarapari , Southwest of France , Ramsar , parts of China , and Kerala Coast . People living in these areas however have not shown any health deficiencies and in some cases are even healthier and live longer than those not in HBRAs .
Other issues
Among the problems presented there are also issues with fluoride in Africa and India , arsenic in Argentina , Chile , and Taiwan , selenium in areas of the United States , Venezuela , China and nitrate in agricultural areas . As medical geology grows it may become more important to the medical field in relation to the issue of diseases .
In addition to deficiencies of particular minerals , dietary excesses of certain elements occurring in specific geographic regions can also be harmful to human health , as per the examples listed below :
Hyperkalemia : excess amount of potassium
Hypercalcemia : excess amount of calcium
Hyperphosphatemia : excess amount of phosphorus
International Medical Geology Association
`` The International Medical Geology Association ( IMGA ) aims to provide a network and a forum to bring together the combined expertise of geologists and earth scientists , environmental scientists , toxicologists , epidemiologists , and medical specialists , in order to characterize the properties of geological processes and agents , the dispersal of geological material and their effects on human population . '' IMGA was founded in 2006 and manages affairs and funds , plans conferences , elections and publications , and they are also a way of encouraging growth and recognition in the field . Although it was founded in 2006 , it was a work in progress for ten years when a working group of medical geology was established by the International Union of Geological Sciences ( IUGS ) in 1996 . The goal of the working group was to advertise and make people aware of the harmful effects the environment has on our health .
References
USGS Medical Geology Accessed 22 July 2006
Medical Geology - Geotimes Nov. 2001 accessed 28 January 2006
Bunnell , Joseph E. ( 2004 ) Medical Geology : Emerging Discipline on the Ecosystem-Human Health Interface , Ecohealth PDF file accessed 28 January 2007
External links
International Medical Geology Association
Geobiology
Environmental health
Mark Metcalf ( born March 11 , 1946 ) is an American television and film actor often playing the role of an antagonistic and aggrieved authority figure .
He is best known for his role as sadistic ROTC officer Douglas C. Neidermeyer in the 1978 American comedy film Animal House , a character he later emulated in the 1984 music videos for the songs `` We 're Not Gon na Take It '' and `` I Wan na Rock '' by the heavy metal band Twisted Sister .
He is also known for playing the role of The Maestro on two episodes of the sitcom Seinfeld as well as for his recurring role as The Master on the supernatural drama series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off series Angel .
Early life
Metcalf was born in Findlay , Ohio . His father was a civil engineer . Metcalf was raised in Webster Groves , Missouri , a suburb of St. Louis . In 1959 , he moved with his family to New Jersey where he attended Westfield High School , graduating in 1964 .
Metcalf enrolled in the engineering program at the University of Michigan . It was at university that he performed in his first stage play , which was a production of Shakespeare 's Henry VI . His first professional acting job was with the Milwaukee Repertory Theater in 1971 . In the early 1970s , he moved to New York City performing in both classical and modern theater , eventually moving westward to work in film .
Career
Metcalf 's first major Hollywood film role was that of ROTC cadet officer Douglas Neidermeyer in the 1978 comedy Animal House . Metcalf had originally auditioned for the role of ladies ' man Eric `` Otter '' Stratton ( played by Tim Matheson in the film ) . In 1984 , Metcalf played characters similar to Neidermeyer in the Twisted Sister music videos for the songs `` We 're Not Gon na Take It '' , where he played an authoritarian father , and `` I Wan na Rock '' , where he played an authoritarian high school teacher .
In the 1980s and 1990s , Metcalf landed guest roles on multiple television shows including Miami Vice , Walker , Texas Ranger and Party of Five . He also played recurring roles on shows such as Hill Street Blues , Teen Angel , Star Trek : Voyager , Ally McBeal and JAG . In 1993 he moved to Hollywood .
One of Metcalf 's more memorable television characters was his role in an episode during the seventh season of Seinfeld titled `` The Maestro '' . In the episode he played a self-absorbed conductor who was dating character Elaine Benes ( Julia Louis-Dreyfus ) and who insisted on being referred to as `` Maestro '' . Metcalf reprised the role in an episode later that same season titled `` The Doll '' .
From 1997 to 2002 , Metcalf played the vampire known as The Master on several episodes of the series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off series Angel .
In 2000 , Metcalf left Los Angeles and moved to Bayside , Wisconsin with his then wife , Elizabeth `` Libby '' Wick and their son , Julius . Metcalf had moved to Wisconsin to start a restaurant with his wife and with no intent on continuing with acting , due to raising a child with special needs . However , Metcalf was approached by the director of First Stage Children 's Theater in Milwaukee to act in one of their plays and Metcalf went on to act in several of their productions . In conjunction with the Milwaukee Film Festival , Metcalf produced a short film each year based on a screenplay written by a high school student enrolled in the Student Screenwriting Competition , a program developed by Metcalf to teach the craft of screenwriting to young people . Metcalf also contributed articles about film as a correspondent for the online magazine OnMilwaukee .
In 2009 , Metcalf played the role of Mayor Johnson on an episode of the third season of Mad Men titled `` Souvenir '' .
After moving to Missoula , Montana in 2013 , Metcalf once again became involved in local theatre , playing the role of Scrooge in a production of Charles Dickens ' A Christmas Carol presented by the University of Montana School of Theatre and Dance .
In 2019 , Metcalf played the role of Sheriff Roy in Tate Bunker 's film The Field alongside Barry Bostwick and Veronica Cartwright . Metcalf was the subject of Vera Brunner-Sung 's documentary short Character that premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2020 . Metcalf met Brunner-Sung through a mutual friend after moving to Columbus , Ohio .
Personal life
Metcalf has one son , Julius , with Elizabeth `` Libby '' Wick . The couple moved from Los Angeles , California to Bayside , Wisconsin in 2000 . They owned and operated a restaurant in nearby Mequon , Wisconsin called Libby Montana . Metcalf filed for divorce in 2003 and since 2006 Wick has been the sole owner of the restaurant .
In 2013 , Metcalf moved to Missoula , Montana , to be closer to Julius , who was a student at the University of Montana .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Male actors from Ohio
Male actors from Milwaukee
American male film actors
American male television actors
People from Bayside , Wisconsin
People from Findlay , Ohio
People from Westfield , New Jersey
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
Westfield High School ( New Jersey ) alumni
Money worship is a type of money disorder . The core driver of this behaviour is the belief that having more money will lead to greater happiness in the afterlife . Individuals with this disorder are obsessed with the idea that obtaining more money is necessary to make progress in life and , at the same time , convinced that they will never have enough money to fulfil their needs or desires . Younger , single and low-net worth individuals are more likely to engage in this behaviour , which has also been linked to a higher probability of carrying over credit card debt from month to month . It has been suggested that young adults are most susceptible to money worship due to their higher impressionability from social forces such as social media and peer groups .
Money has been referred to as a `` neglected '' field in psychology however , the studies which have been conducted regarding the paradox of happiness and income , and money worship often failed to find proof that more money leads to more happiness , only finding a positive relationship when looking at short-term effects . Steven and Wolfer ( 2008 ) claimed that `` cross-section data suggests that the answer to the question whether higher income leads to greater happiness is 'yes ' ; on the other , the time-series data say 'no ' . ''
The time-series data often comes to the same conclusion as the Easterlin Paradox , which illustrates how at a set point in time more income can make people happier however , this is n't constant , with happiness decreasing as time passes . Findings which support the Easterlin Paradox indicate that long-term happiness is not correlated with money increase but does come from other , personal factors such as shelter , friendship , family , and food however , it is important to note that happiness is subjective to each person therefore the reason behind it is not universal . This aligns with the need theory that originates from Maslow 's Hierarchy of needs . Need theory in the context of money promotes the view that money only brings happiness until all our basic needs are satisfied , after that it no longer increases our happiness . A study conducted by Princeton University researchers in 2010 revealed that happiness increased based on income up to around $ 75,000 dollars in a sample taken in the USA , after this it tops out and no longer affects our happiness levels . Data derived from the Bureau of Labour Statistics found that the median necessary wage needed to live across the USA is $ 67,609 annually which aligns with the results of the Princeton study as both figures illustrate what is needed to meet our basic needs in life . Similar studies have been conducted in other countries finding similar results .
Cross-section studies conducted on money worship include those comparing lottery winners subjective happiness to those of accident victims or non-lottery winners finding that day-to-day happiness of lottery winners was the same with the main difference being what they perceived their future happiness would be , scoring it higher than the control groups . Furthermore , `` every representative national survey ever done '' has found a positive relationship between happiness and income , this research provides empirical data that at set points in time , money can provide short-term happiness . Research has also been conducted on how age can affect our happiness from money , revealing that younger adults are more influenced by money than older participants . When socio-demographic explanatory variables were included in the study of income and happiness the only group that still had a positive relationship were young adults . This is supportive of the idea that younger adults are more Susceptible to money worship and that happiness from money is temporary as the inclusion of socio-demographic explanatory variables made the relationship between happiness and money insignificant for middle-aged and old adults .
Whilst these different studies reveal that money does n't bring , constant , long-term happiness , only short-term , the Skandia International Wealth Sentiment Monitor alongside other studies , did reveal that as many as 80 % of people world-wide still hold the view that money will bring them happiness ( the range between individual countries is 68 % in Germany to 93 % in Brazil ) . This ongoing belief that it brings happiness can result in money worship being described as a behavioral addiction , a person need to make money can affect their day-to-day life due to their growing focus on making more and more money . It can become a mood-altering experience and lead to emotional disruptions , sharing similarities with substance addictions . Their behavior becomes influenced and guided by their desire to make money due to the false belief that it will bring them happiness .
Money worship can also be seen in several different religions . For instance , Prosperity Theology is a group in Christianity who worships money , viewing it to be a gift from God . In this belief group they believe that `` the poor are poor because of a lack of faith '' , they view wealth as a sign of following the bible and what God wants them to be . Stephen Hunt explained this as `` health and wealth '' being the 'automatic divine right of all Bible-believing Christians ' . This belief presents much like money worship in science as believers constantly desire more money believing it to be a gift from God and that it would bring them happiness . Moreover , the Goddess Lakshmi is worshipped every Friday and on certain festivals in Hinduism , she is believed to be responsible for wealth and good fortune . Some believers keep silver coins with her image in their homes believing it will bring them wealth . Other religions also have gods which represent money such as Plutus , Oshun , and Mercury , amongst countless others . Money worship is a prominent theme across a variety of religions .
References
Personal finance
Types of mental disorders
Chillenden is a village in east Kent , England , between Canterbury and Deal , and is in the civil parish of Goodnestone .
In the Domesday Book of 1086 , Chillenden was recorded as 'Cilledene ' . The parish in 1800 was made up of , containing three farms : one belonging to a Mr. Hammond , the other two to Sir Brook Bridges . A pedlary fair was held here on Whit Monday .
The church , is dedicated to All Saints , in the priory of Ledes after being given to it by William of Norwich . The incumbency included three acres of glebe .
Chillenden was home to the families of Thomas Chillenden and William Chillenden , as indicated by their surnames .
A double murder occurred in Chillenden in 1996 . Michael Stone was convicted of killing Lin Russell and her daughter Megan . Stone received a life sentence with parole available after 25 years .
References
External links
Parish website
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Geoffrey Michael Eames ( born 26 November 1945 ) is an Australian jurist , who was a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria . He served on the Trials court from 1992 to 2002 , and then on the Court of Appeal until 2007 . He subsequently served as an Acting Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory , and as Chief Justice of Nauru .
Early life
Eames was born in Melbourne in 1945 . He was educated at St. Bernard 's College in Essendon , then studied law at the University of Melbourne , graduating with a Bachelor of Laws .
Career
Eames did articles at the firm of Slater and Gordon , and was admitted to the Victorian Bar in 1969 .
In the 1970s he joined the Central Australian Legal Service as its principle Solicitor , and was then seconded to the Central Land Council in Alice Springs where he pioneered all early land claims made under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act , Northern Territory , 1976 and the passage of the legislation itself , before heading to the bar in Darwin .
In 1980 , he was admitted to the bar in South Australia , joining the independent bar in 1984 . Eames was a member of Hanson Chambers from 1987 to 1991 , and took silk as a Queen 's Counsel in South Australia in 1989 and in Victoria in 1990 . During this time he worked as a barrister in two Royal Commissions : the McClelland Royal Commission ( 1985 ) into British nuclear testing in Australia , and the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody ( 1987–1991 ) .
Supreme Court of Victoria
On 26 May 1992 , Eames was appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria . On 15 March 2002 he was appointed a judge of the Court of Appeal and served until 2007 .
Supreme Court of the Northern Territory
Eames was appointed as an Acting Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory between 2007 and 2009 .
Supreme Court of Nauru
In December 2010 , Eames was appointed Chief Justice of the two-member Supreme Court of Nauru . In January 2014 , the Chief Magistrate of Nauru , Peter Law , issued an injunction to prevent the deportation of three foreign nationals . Law was fired by Nauru President Baron Waqa and himself deported . Eames , in Australia at the time , issued an injunction to prevent the deportation of Law , however Law was deported . The Nauru government cancelled Eames ' visa which prevented his return to Nauru , and he resigned two months later . The incidents involving Law and Eames were criticised by Mathew Batsiua a member of Nauru 's Opposition and precipitated a government crackdown on opposition .
Publications
References
1945 births
Living people
Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria
Judges of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory
Chief justices of Nauru
Australian judges on the courts of Nauru
20th-century Australian judges
21st-century Australian judges
Australian Queen 's Counsel
Australian barristers
Members of the Order of Australia
Denisov ( , ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Denisovka . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
`` Eien no Tsubasa '' is the forty-third single by B ' z , released on May 9 , 2007 . It reached number-one on the weekly Oricon Singles Chart , one of B ' z many number-one singles in Oricon charts .
Track listing
- 5:11
- 4:49
Certifications
References
Oricon ranking as of May 2007
External links
Eien no Tsubasa on B ' z no bise ( Translation in French )
2007 singles
B ' z songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Songs written by Tak Matsumoto
Songs written by Koshi Inaba
2007 songs
Japanese film songs
This following is a list of all professional and volunteer-professional combination fire departments within Texas . These departments are regulated by the Texas Commission on Fire Protection .
References
Texas
fire departments
Graham Fire Department
11
The Spurn Lightship ( LV No . 12 ) is a lightvessel ( i.e . a ship used as a lighthouse ) , previously anchored in Hull Marina in the British city of Kingston upon Hull , England . It was relocated to a shipyard in October 2021 for restoration , prior to becoming a display together with the Arctic Corsair .
The ship was built in 1927 and served for 48 years as a navigation aid in the approaches of the Humber Estuary , where it was stationed east of Spurn Point . On 15 April 1959 , the lightship was driven ashore in the River Hull at Woodmansey , Yorkshire .
The lightship was decommissioned in 1975 and bought/restored by Hull City Council in 1983 before being moved to Hull Marina as a museum in 1987 . The museum closed in June 2018 , in preparation for the vessel being relocated in September , to facilitate a footbridge being constructed over the adjacent A63 . Initially it was expected that the museum would reopen in 2021 after undergoing conservation work and a relocation to a new position on the marina .
Restoration
The ship was moved to a private shipyard in October 2021 for restoration , having been static for 34 years . Part of a £30 million project , after renovation in a dry dock with completion anticipated for 2023 , it will be displayed together with the Arctic Corsair trawler .
References
External links
Museum ships in the United Kingdom
Museums in Kingston upon Hull
Lightships of the United Kingdom
Humber
Ships and vessels of the National Historic Fleet
Maritime incidents in 1959
Ceica ( ) is a commune in Bihor County , Crișana , Romania with a population of 3,591 people . It is composed of seven villages : Bucium ( Tőkefalva ) , Ceica , Ceișoara ( Cseszvára ) , Corbești ( Hollószeg ) , Cotiglet ( Kótliget ) , Dușești ( Dusafalva ) and Incești ( Jancsófalva ) .
References
Ceica
Localities in Crișana
Pipoyan ( Armenian : Պիպոյան ) is an Armenian surname that may refer to the following notable people :
Lilit Pipoyan ( born 1955 ) , Armenian musician , singer , and architect
Rima Pipoyan ( born 1988 ) , Armenian choreographer , director , dancer and dance teacher
Armenian-language surnames
Reno v. Condon , 528 U.S. 141 ( 2000 ) , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the Driver 's Privacy Protection Act of 1994 ( DPPA ) against a Tenth Amendment challenge .
Facts and procedural history
State departments of motor vehicles ( DMVs ) require drivers and automobile owners to provide personal information , which may include a person 's name , address , telephone number , vehicle description , Social Security number , medical information , and photograph , as a condition of obtaining a driver 's license or registering an automobile . Finding that many States sell this information to individuals and businesses ( particularly direct marketing and auto insurance companies ) for significant revenues , and to prevent stalkers from tracking their victims across state lines , Congress enacted the Driver 's Privacy Protection Act of 1994 , , which established a regulatory scheme to restrict the States ' ability to disclose a driver 's personal information without the driver 's consent .
South Carolina , represented by South Carolina attorney general Charlie Condon , filed suit , alleging that the DPPA violates the Tenth and Eleventh Amendments to the United States Constitution . Concluding that the DPPA is incompatible with the principles of federalism inherent in the Constitution 's division of power between the States and the Federal Government , the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina granted summary judgment for the State and permanently enjoined the DPPA 's enforcement against the State and its officers , and United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed .
Decision
Chief Justice Rehnquist delivered the opinion of a unanimous Court . He began by explaining the terms of the DPPA and how it conflicted with South Carolina 's statutes governing drivers ' license information . He held that 1 ) the DPPA was an acceptable exercise of Congress ' powers under the Commerce Clause , because drivers ' information was an `` article of interstate commerce '' within the terms of the Act , and 2 ) the DPPA did not `` commandeer '' state authority in the manner which the statutes involved in New York v. United States and Printz v. United States did . Instead , Rehnquist analogized the DPPA to the statute at issue in South Carolina v. Baker , 485 U.S. 505 ( 1988 ) , which prohibited States from issuing unregistered bonds :
Like the statute at issue in Baker , the DPPA does not require the States in their sovereign capacity to regulate their own citizens . The DPPA regulates the States as the owners of databases . It does not require the South Carolina Legislature to enact any laws or regulations , and it does not require state officials to assist in the enforcement of federal statutes regulating private individuals . We accordingly conclude that the DPPA is consistent with the constitutional principles enunciated in New York and Printz .
Finally , Rehnquist addressed South Carolina 's argument that Congress could only regulate the individual states by means of laws of `` general applicability '' , rather than directly targeting state governments for regulation . Instead of determining whether such `` general applicability '' is indeed a Constitutional requirement , Rehnquist merely pointed out that the DPPA was `` generally applicable '' , because in addition to regulating the actions of state governments , it also regulated private persons who resold or redistributed drivers ' information .
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases , volume 529
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
References
External links
United States Constitution Article One case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States Commerce Clause case law
United States Tenth Amendment case law
2000 in United States case law
United States privacy case law
Government of South Carolina
The Furnace is a 2020 Australian adventure drama film written and directed by Roderick MacKay . Set in the Western Australian outback during the goldrushes of the 1890s , the film 's characters include `` Afghan '' cameleers , a white gold thief , and local Aboriginal people . It was nominated for several AACTA Awards .
Cast
Synopsis
The film is set during the Western Australian gold rushes of the 1890s , and its characters represent some of the `` Afghan '' cameleers ( who actually came from India , Persia , and other parts of the Middle East , and belonged to Islamic , Sikh and Hindu faiths ) who brought their camel trains to help open up the Australian outback from the mid-19th century . Two young Afghan cameleers , Hanif and Jundah , form a friendship with an Aboriginal hunter , Woorak . Hanif is trying to find an illegal furnace so that he can melt two bars of stolen gold , which he acquired by chance after coming across the sole survivor of a group massacre , Mal . The two men have to compromise in order to survive the journey through the Outback , while evading capture by Gold Squad officers .
Production
The film was directed by Roderick MacKay , his debut as director .
Several of the Aboriginal actors speak their Badimaya language , one of many Aboriginal Australian languages which are endangered . It was filmed in Yamatji country in what is now known as the Mid West region , in the Shire of Mount Magnet ( Badimaya ) and Kalbarri ( Nhanda ) .
The Furnace was produced by Southern Light Films , Meaning Maker and The Koop , and distributed in Australia and New Zealand by Umbrella Films and internationally by Arclight Films .
Release
The Furnace premiered at the 77th Venice Film Festival in September 2020 , the only Australian film selected for the festival .
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of based on critics , with an average rating of .
David Stratton wrote `` If the film has a flaw it 's that it does n't quite reach the satisfying climax it promises ; it 's beautiful , even powerful , but rather bleak '' .
According to Jake Wilson of The Age , `` MacKay is not lacking in talent , but for a first-time director he may have taken on a little too much . While the scattered quality of the storytelling may be partly deliberate , a bigger problem is the lack of consistent tone '' .
Writing for The Hollywood Reporter David Rooney commented that the film `` Smolders effectively , even if it does n't quite achieve maximum heat '' .
Xan Brooks of The Guardian called The Furnace `` as tough as old leather and as unadorned as cow hide '' , while Varietys Jay Weissberg called the film `` An enjoyably absorbing experience '' . Lance Bakare wrote in The Guardian that he hoped that the film would help to highlight some forgotten history of Australia , giving the film 4 out of 5 stars .
Accolades
References
External links
2020s adventure drama films
Films set in the Outback
Australian Western ( genre ) films
2020s English-language films
Alphacoronavirus 1 is a species of coronavirus that infects cats , dogs and pigs . It includes the virus strains feline coronavirus , canine coronavirus , and transmissible gastroenteritis virus . It is an enveloped , positive-strand RNA virus which is able to enter its host cell by binding to the APN receptor .
Member viruses were first recognised as viruses that caused transmissible gastroenteritis in pigs in 1965 . It was originally named porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus in 1976 . After subsequent discovery of canine coronavirus in dogs and feline coronavirus in cats , the three virus species were merged into a single species in 2009 . The strain canine coronavirus-HuPn-2018 has been identified in a small number of human cases .
Discovery
In the mid-1940s there was an outbreak of pig disease in US , called transmissible gastroenteritis , which was characterised mainly by diarrhoea and vomiting . It was suspected to be a viral infection and was highly fatal among young pigs . Leo P. Doyle and L. M. Hutchings reported the case in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association in 1946 . The virus was identified and isolated by A. W. McClurkin in 1965 . The International Committee for the Nomenclature of Viruses ( ICNV , later renamed International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses , ICTV , in 1975 ) accepted the scientific named Transmissible gastro-enteritis virus of swine in its first report in 1971 , but renamed it Porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus ( PTGV ) in its second report in 1976 .
There was another case of coronavirus infection in cats in 1966 . The virus caused inflammation of the abdomen ( peritonitis ) and was highly fatal . The virus was identified in 1968 , and was named as Feline infectious peritonitis virus by ICTV in 1991 . It was again renamed Feline coronavirus in 1999 . In 1974 there was an outbreak of viral infection among US military dogs . The virus was identified as a coronavirus and the formal name Canine coronavirus was adopted by ICTV in 1991 . As the molecular and antigenic relationship of the three viruses were later established in the late 1980s , ICTV merged them into a single species Alphacoronavirus 1 in 2009 .
References
Animal viral diseases
Alphacoronaviruses
Dog diseases
Cat diseases
Swine diseases
Kalaito Pombero is a 1981 novel by Paraguayan writer Tadeo Zarratea ( born 1946 ) . It is one of the first novels to be ever written in the Guarani language , preceded just a year earlier by Mitã rerahaha ( written by Juan Maidana ) .
References
External links
Kalaito Pombero at WorldCat
Excerpts from the book
Paraguayan novels
1981 novels
Guarani-language literature
Florian David Fitz ( born Florian Ingo Ulrich Fitz ; November 20 , 1974 ) is a German actor , screenwriter and film director .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Male actors from Munich
German male film actors
German male television actors
Mass media people from Munich
20th-century German male actors
21st-century German male actors
German Film Award winners
Sarıabalı , Serik is a small village in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Serik District
Karaköy , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Skafså is a parish in southern part of the municipality Tokke in Telemark , Norway . The Skafså Church was consecrated in 1839 . The mountain farm Grimdalen , today a museum ( Grimdalstunet ) , has farm buildings from the time of barter economy in the 17th century . Nearby is a collection of around 300 of Anne Grimdalen 's sculptures .
People from Skafså
Talleiv Huvestad ( 1761–1847 ) a Norwegian teacher , farmer and politician
Vetle Vislie ( 1858–1933 ) a Norwegian educationalist and writer
Anne Grimdalen ( 1899–1961 ) a Norwegian sculptor
Arvid Torgeir Lie ( 1938–2020 ) a Norwegian poet , writer of short stories and translator
References
Populated places in Vestfold og Telemark
Tokke
Lempe is a river of Hesse , Germany . It flows into the Esse in Hofgeismar .
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Reinhardswald
Rivers of Germany
Abgar IX Severus was king of Osroene .
Abgar succeeded his father , Abgar VIII in 212 . In 213 Abgar IX and his son were summoned to Rome and murdered at the orders of Caracalla . A year later Caracalla ended the independence of Osroene and incorporated it as a province into Roman Empire .
References
Sources
Rulers of Osroene
3rd-century Arabs
Reeves may refer to :
People
Reeves ( surname )
B. Reeves Eason ( 1886–1956 ) , American director , actor and screenwriter
Reeves Nelson ( born 1991 ) , American basketball player
Places
Ireland
Reeves , County Kildare , townland in County Kildare
United States
Reeves , Georgia , unincorporated community
Reeves , Louisiana , village in Allen Parish
Reeves County , Texas
Companies and institutions
House of Reeves , furniture store in Croydon , London , England
Reeves and Sons , English artists ' materials firm
Reeves College , college in Alberta , Canada
Reeves Instrument Corporation ( RICO ) , Cold War manufacturer of computer and radar systems for the United States
Reeves Pulley Company , transmission and engine manufacturer in Columbus , Indiana founded by Milton Reeves
Ships
USS Reeves ( DE-94 ) , Buckley-class destroyer escort delivered to the Royal Navy as
, Buckley-class destroyer escort launched 1943
, Leahy-class destroyer leader launched 1962
See also
Reeve ( disambiguation )
`` The Reeve 's Tale '' , third story told in The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer
Reeves of Bath , prominent firm of monumental masons ( tombstone carvers ) in Bath , Somerset that flourished from c. 1778 to the 1860s
Reeves Field , also known as Reeves Stadium , football stadium located on the campus of Geneva College in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania
Reeves House ( disambiguation )
Reeves & Mortimer , British comedy act
Katherine 'Kay ' Murphy Halle ( October 13 , 1903 – August 7 , 1997 ) was an American journalist , broadcaster and socialite .
She was born in Cleveland , Ohio , the daughter of Blanche ( née Murphy ) and Samuel Horatio Halle . Her father co-founded the Halle Brothers department store with his brother , Salmon Portland Chase Halle . Her mother was an Irish Catholic and her father Jewish . She attended Smith College and the Cleveland Institute of Music .
Halle was a department store heiress , World War II intelligence operative with the Office of Strategic Services , and intimate confidant and/or mistress of many luminaries of the 20th century , including George Gershwin , Randolph Churchill , W. Averell Harriman , Joseph P. Kennedy , Walter Lippmann , and Buckminster Fuller . She compiled and edited Irrepressible Churchill : A Treasury of Winston Churchill 's Wit in 1966 .
References
American women journalists
American broadcasters
Radio personalities from Cleveland
People of the Office of Strategic Services
1903 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American people of Irish descent
American people of Jewish descent
Asarönü is a village in the District of Finike , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Finike District
The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition contested by the men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body . The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930 , except in 1942 and 1946 , due to World War II .
The tournament consists of two parts , the qualification phase and the final phase ( officially called the World Cup Finals ) . The qualification phase , which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals , is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals . The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title , at venues within the host nation ( or nations ) over a period of about a month . The World Cup Finals is the most widely viewed sporting event in the world , with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final .
The first time Denmark entered the tournament was for the 1958 edition in Sweden . However , they lost all four of their qualifying matches to England and the Republic of Ireland .
They qualified for the first time in 1986 , where they won all three of their Group Stage matches including a 2–0 against title contenders West Germany , but were eliminated by Spain in the next round . Since then , the Danish national team has regularly qualified for FIFA World Cup Finals and will make their sixth appearance in Qatar 2022 . Their best performance was in 1998 , where they reached the quarter finals .
Summary table
* Draws include knockout matches decided via penalty shoot-out
Overview of matches
FIFA World Cup match records
1986 FIFA World Cup
Denmark made their first World Cup appearance in the 1986 World Cup , and with the attacking duo of Michael Laudrup and Preben Elkjær . In their first match against Scotland , Denmark won 1–0 with the only goal coming from Preben Elkjær after he burst into the penalty area before shooting left-footed low into the right corner of the net . The team surprised the world , sweeping the group , including a 6–1 thrashing of Uruguay . In the second round , Denmark faced Spain losing 5–1 on the strength of four Emilio Butragueño goals ; the first Spain goal was caused by a miss-timed backpass by Jesper Olsen to Butragueño , an unfortunate action subsequently coined as `` a real Jesper Olsen '' ( `` en rigtig Jesper Olsen '' ) . The phrase would live on for 13 years and was repeated by the Danish TV commentators in 1999 , when an identical backpass was carried out by Jesper Grønkjær to Filippo Inzaghi on the former 's debut for Denmark .
1998 FIFA World Cup
Under coach Bo `` Bosse '' Johansson , the 1998 FIFA World Cup saw the revival of the Danish team , starring both Laudrup brothers in their last international campaign . After beating Saudi Arabia 1–0 , drawing with South Africa and losing 2–1 to later champions France in mediocre games , the Danish team qualified to the knockout stages as second in the group . In the next game however , Denmark played some of the best football of the entire tournament , beating Nigeria 4–1 in a fantastic game . In the quarterfinal against Brazil , the Danes went out with a beautiful 2–3 defeat to the later silver medalists , in a very close and emotional game .
2002 FIFA World Cup
Denmark qualified for the 2002 FIFA World Cup , but despite impressive results in the group stage , especially the 2–0 win against reigning World Cup winners France , Denmark did n't manage to advance any further as they were defeated with a 0–3 score in the round of 16 against England .
All times local ( UTC+9 )
2010 FIFA World Cup
At the 2010 World Cup , Denmark was grouped with Japan , Cameroon and the Netherlands . Denmark lost the first match 2–0 to the Netherlands , but then had a vital 2–1 victory against Cameroon , which enabled further advancement in case of victory over Japan , the final match of the group stage . Denmark , however , lost 3–1 , thereby failing to reach their goal of advancing to the round of 16 for the first time .
All times local ( UTC+02 )
Japan opened the scoring in the 17th minute from a direct free kick taken by Keisuke Honda – only the second goal scored from a free kick in the tournament . Honda , standing to Danish goalkeeper Thomas Sørensen 's left , kicked the ball with great force ; Sørensen initially moved to his left , and as the ball sailed past the wall , he shifted direction , but could not recover in time to make the save . Japan 's second goal came thirteen minutes later , also from a direct free kick , this time by Yasuhito Endō . Standing outside the penalty area directly in front of the Danish goal , he curled the ball around the wall . Sørensen had been standing on the right side of his goal and could not move to his left fast enough . Endō almost scored from yet another free kick early in the second half . This time , Sørensen appeared to have difficulty judging the path of the ball , and was only able to palm it away at the last second , where it caromed off the goalpost .
Denmark needed to win this game in order to advance and increased their attacks accordingly . Late in the second half , Christian Eriksen put his shot over the goal and Søren Larsen hit the goalpost . They were finally able to score in the 82nd minute . When Makoto Hasebe was adjudged to have fouled Daniel Agger inside the penalty area , Denmark were awarded a penalty kick . Jon Dahl Tomasson took the shot , which was saved by Eiji Kawashima ; the goalkeeper , however , was unable to control the rebound , which fell to Tomasson , and he was able to put it in the goal . Japan scored their final goal in the 87th minute . Honda dribbled into the penalty area , forcing Sørensen to attempt to block a potential shot , but Honda passed it to substitute Shinji Okazaki , who merely had to put the ball into an empty net .
The victory was Japan 's second World Cup tournament victory on foreign soil , and only their second against a European team . Japan finished group play in second place with six points , and advanced to the knockout round for the second time in their history , and the first time on foreign soil . Denmark ended in third with three points . This was the first time Denmark failed to get past the group stage in the World Cup .
Record players
Current as of 01 July 2018 after the match v Croatia
Top goalscorers
Current as of 01 July 2018 after the match v Croatia
Awards and Records
Awards
Bronze Ball 1986 : Preben Elkjær
Records
Longest gap between two goals by a player : Michael Laudrup ( 12 years and 16 days , 1986–1998 )
Fastest goal by a substitute : Ebbe Sand 1998 against Nigeria
References
External links
Denmark at FIFA
World Cup Finals Statistics
Countries at the FIFA World Cup
Ja'afari Dan Isiyaku was the sixteenth Emir of Zazzau , he reigned from 1937 to 1959 . As Emir of Zazzau he was administrative head of Zaria Emirate Native Authority which consisted of seventeen districts and he was responsible for the maintenance of law and order within the emirate .
Life
Ja'afaru was born into the house of emir of Zazzau Abdullahi and his wife Malama Aishatu . His father was the grandson of Sarkin Zazzau Hammada and great-grandson of Sarki Yamusa ( 1821-1834 ) Ja'afaru 's early education consisted of teachings and recitation of the Quran at an Islamic learning center in the neighborhood . He spent his first seven years in the district of Sabon Gari in his father house , thereafter , he journeyed to Zaria for additional Quranic studies . When he was around the age of 24 and had married , he was selected by his father to attend a school in Kano founded by a Swedish educationist , Hanns Vischer , the school was popularly called makarantar Dan Hausa in local parlance . He was among a few students from royal lineage who attended the school as Western education was treated with suspicion by many Northern emirs as a vehicle to preach Christianity at that time .
After a year attendance at the school , he returned to Zaria and continued with Islamic jurisprudence , learning the Maliki law . He also worked as a property rater with responsibility to assess the value of properties owned by households for taxation purposes . Ja'afaru was soon asked by the colonial resident to handle communications between the office of the resident and the Emir of Zazzau . In discharging the duties of his job Ja'afaru developed a relationship with the sitting emir , Aliyu Dan Sidi who sometimes delegated some responsibilities to Ja'afaru in matters affecting native authority administration . After about four years in the provincial office , he was promoted to the position of chief scribe to the resident . When the district head of Zangon Katab removed from office for embezzling funds from the cattle tax , Ja'afaru was selected as his replacement in 1918 . Ja'afaru served as the district head for 19 years . In late 1936 , Sarkin Ibrahim Dan Kwasau fell ill and died . The British resident appointed Ja'afaru as Sarkin Zazzau in March 1937 after consultation with the traditional kingmakers : Galadiman , Dokaje and Limamin .
Emir of Zazzau
Ja'afaru was crowned in June 1937 at the grounds within the emir 's palace . Under Nigeria 's indirect rule , British colonial government administered the colony of Nigeria through the traditional leaders and in the north it was through the emirs . Ja'afaru as emir became head of Zaria 's Native Authority , he was in charge of maintaining law and order and the appointment of district heads within the emirate . Zaria in 1950 had seventeen district heads to assist the native authority in administration . As head of the native authority , he was involved in development works to expand the district of Tudun Wada .
During the pre-independence period , Ja'afaru was a member of the Northern Regional House of Chiefs and a minister without portfolio .
References
Nigerian traditional rulers
1959 deaths
Scarlet bottlebrush is a common name for several plants and may refer to :
Callistemon brachyandrus
Callistemon rugulosus , endemic to South Australia and Victoria
Javier Lozano Barragán ( ; 26 January 1933 – 20 April 2022 ) was a Mexican prelate of the Catholic Church who was president of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers from 1997 to 2009 . He was made a cardinal in 2003 . He was a auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Mexico from 1979 to 1984 and bishop of Zacatecas from 1984 to 1997 .
Early life and education
Born in Toluca , State of México , on 26 January 1933 , Lozano Barragán trained at the seminary in Zamora , Michoacán , and was ordained a priest on 30 October 1955 while studying in Rome , where he earned a doctorate in dogmatic theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in 1958 . Returning to Mexico , he taught at the seminary in Zamora In the 1970s he served as president first of the Mexican Theological Society and then of the Theological Pastoral Institute of the Latin American Episcopal Council ( CELAM ) .
Bishop
On 5 June 1979 , Lozano Barragán was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Mexico . He received his episcopal consecration on 15 August from Cardinal Ernesto Corripio y Ahumada , Archbishop of Mexico . While in that position , he helped to found the Pontifical University of Mexico and served on its leadership council from 1982-1985 .
On 28 October 1984 he was named bishop of Zacatecas . While in that post he was made a member of two Curial bodies , the Pontifical Council for Dialogue with Non-Believers and the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples .
Curial service
On 31 October 1996 he was appointed president of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers and given the personal title of archbishop .
Lozano Barragán was made Cardinal-Deacon of San Michele Arcangelo a Pietralata by Pope John Paul II on 21 October 2003 .
Upon the death of Pope John Paul , he was one of many crediting him with miracles , citing the case of a four-year-old Mexican boy who recovered from leukemia without explanation after the pope hugged and kissed him on a visit to Zacatecas in 1990 .
Lozano Barragán was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI .
In 2006 Pope Benedict asked Lozano Barragán to prepare a report on condoms and AIDS to allow Curia officials to study `` both the scientific and technical aspects linked to the condom , as well as the moral implications in all their amplitude '' . He downplayed reports that it was anything more than a study and said `` we are in the first stage '' and that it was scientific in nature and would not extend to assessing morality .
On two occasions he opposed the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatments , including artificial nutrition and hydration ( ANH ) , from patients had spent years in a vegetative state . In 2005 , when Terry Schiavo died after the withdrawal of life support after 15 years , he said : `` Let 's stop with the euphemisms—they killed her . '' In 2009 , he called the withdrawal of ANH from Eluana Englaro after 17 years `` monstrous and inhuman murder '' .
On 18 April 2009 , Pope Benedict accepted Lozano Barragán 's resignation for reasons of age and appointed Zygmunt Zimowski to the post .
In retirement
The following December , Lorenzo Barragán condemned the use of the RU-486 pill as `` a crime that demands punishment '' . He described its authorization as `` worse than liberalizing the sake of weapons '' . That same month , he discussed the Church 's teaching on homosexuality and salvation . He said media reports attributing to him the view that homosexuals can not be saved had misconstrued his reference to Saint Paul 's Letter to the Romans which condemns individual homosexuals . He said scripture can not be used to condemn all homosexuals . Rather , he said that `` many times one is not a homosexual through one 's own fault ; it all depends on one 's education and environment . '' He offered the view `` that for grave fault to exist , in addition to needing grave matter , one needs full knowledge and full consent : Where one of those three conditions is lacking , there is no grave fault . ''
Having been ten years as a cardinal deacon , he was promoted to Cardinal-Priest of Santa Dorotea by Pope Francis on 12 June 2014 .
Lozano Barragán died in Rome on 20 April 2022 . In offering his condolences , Pope Francis noted they had been friends since 1980 .
References
External links
1933 births
2022 deaths
Mexican cardinals
Mexican Roman Catholics
People from Toluca
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Bibhuti Prasad Lahkar is an Indian conservationist and ecologist who has researched grassland ecosystems in the Indian state of Assam . He did his PhD on the grasslands of Manas National Park with special reference to the Pygmy hog .
Research Work
His research work has covered diverse areas of grassland ecosystems of Manas National Park and Kaziranga National Park in the state of Assam in India .
He was the recipient of a grant from the Rufford Foundation for his work on community conservation in Manas World Heritage site and conservation of the Hoolock Gibbon at Gibbon Wildlife Sanctuary .
Nominations and awards
Lahkar won the IUCN World Heritage Hero Award in 2016 for his outstanding contribution to the Manas World Heritage Site .
References
See also
Conservation Biology
Scientists from Assam
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Indian conservationists
`` Promises '' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis . It was originally released in March 1987 , as the B-side of `` Forever and Ever , Amen . '' Then it was released as the A-side in May 1989 as the fourth and final single from his album , Old 8x10 , peaking at number 17 in the United States and number 12 Canada . The song was written by Travis and John Lindley .
Chart performance
References
1989 singles
Randy Travis songs
Songs written by Randy Travis
Song recordings produced by Kyle Lehning
Warner Records singles
1988 songs
Shivaji High School is a high school in Karwar in Uttara Kannada district , Karnataka , India . It was founded with the assistance of the Konkan Maratha Education Society .
High schools and secondary schools in Karnataka
Education in Karwar
Monuments and memorials to Shivaji
Schools in Uttara Kannada district
The 52nd Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army . It was originally raised in 1916 as part of the Australian Imperial Force for service during World War I . After training in Egypt , the battalion took part in the fighting in the trenches of the Western Front in France and Belgium , including major battles at Mouquet Farm , Messines , Polygon Wood , Dernancourt and Villers-Bretonneux . In May 1918 , the battalion was disbanded to provide reinforcements for other depleted Australian units . After the war , the battalion was re-raised as a part-time unit in Victoria in 1921 and served until 1930 when it was amalgamated with the 37th Battalion to become the 37th/52nd Battalion . In 1936 , the battalion was re-formed and during the early part of World War II it undertook garrison duties in Australia before being merged once again with the 37th Battalion in 1942 .
History
World War I
The 52nd Battalion was originally raised in Egypt on 1 March 1916 as part of the reorganisation and expansion of the Australian Imperial Force ( AIF ) following the Gallipoli campaign . This was achieved by transferring cadres of experienced personnel predominately from the 1st Division to the newly formed battalions and combining them with recently recruited personnel who had been dispatched as reinforcements from Australia . With an authorised strength of just over 1,000 men of all ranks , the unit 's first intake of personnel were drawn from men originating from South Australia , Western Australia and Tasmania , some of whom had already served with the 12th Battalion . Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Miles Fitzroy Beevor , the veterans were bolstered by a large number of new recruits , who were mainly drawn from Queensland . The battalion became part of the 13th Brigade attached to the 4th Australian Division .
An intense period of training followed , but in mid-1916 the AIF 's infantry units were sent to Europe to fighting on the Western Front . Sailing on the transport ship HMT Ivernia , the battalion departed Alexandria and landed in Marseilles on 11 June 1916 , and was then moved by rail to northern France where they undertook gas training and received new equipment to prepare them for trench warfare . A period of acclimatisation followed in a `` nursery sector '' around Petillon before , in mid-August the battalion played a support role in the initial fighting during the Battle of Mouquet Farm , before being committed to the fighting for the first time , launching an attack in early September . Assigned to the centre of the 13th Brigade 's attack , the majority of 52nd Battalion was tasked with capturing the Fabeck Graben , while two platoons assisted with the drive towards Mouquet Farm . The battalion briefly managed to secure its objective , before being forced back . The attack resulted in heavy casualties , with the battalion losing nine officers and 170 other ranks . Amongst those killed from the 52nd Battalion during the fighting around Mouquet Farm were three brothers : Thomas , Wilf and Hurtle Potter . A fourth member of the family , Ralph , was also wounded in the battle , and invalided back to Australia .
Following the fighting around Mouquet Farm , the 13th Brigade was withdrawn for rest around Ypres . The 52nd Battalion did not take part in any significant attacks for the remainder of the year . In early 1917 , after a bitter winter , the Germans withdrew to the defences of the Hindenburg Line in an effort to shorten their lines and free up a pool of reserves . A brief advance following as the Allies pursued them , during which the 52nd took part in an action around Noreuil on 2 April . Later , after they were moved to the Ypres salient in Belgium they fought around Messines in early June and then , in late September , during the Battle of Polygon Wood .
In early 1918 , following the collapse of Russia , the Germans launched the Spring Offensive on the Western Front . As the Allies were pushed back in the direction of Paris , the units of the Australian 4th Division were rushed south from Belgium where they had spent the winter . Moving in to a hasty defensive line north-west of the Ancre River , between Buire and Dernancourt , the battalion helped to blunt the German advance during a defensive battle at Dernancourt on 5 April 1918 . The battalion remained in the line until relieved on the evening of 6/7 April ; the action cost the battalion 154 casualties , of which 30 were killed . Later that month , as the German offensive approached the vital railhead at Amiens , the battalion took part in an Allied counter-attack at Villers-Bretonneux , commencing late in the evening of 24 April 1918 . Two battalions of the 13th Brigade , the 51st and 52nd , were assigned to a thrust south of the town , driving eastwards towards Monument Wood , from a start line between Cachy and Aquenne Wood . By the morning of 25 April , they were short of the objective around Monument Wood , but were tied in to the north of British troops . Early following day , the battalion was relieved by French Zouaves who continued the attack while the Australians moved back to Blangy–Tronville . The attack cost the battalion between 237 and 245 casualties .
The Australian Corps suffered heavy casualties during the Spring Offensive and , as a result , the AIF was reorganised . As a part of this , three battalions were disbanded to provide reinforcements for those that remained . The 52nd Battalion was one of those chosen and it was disbanded on 16 May 1918 . Its personnel were distributed amongst the 49th , 50th and 51st Battalions , with these units , the men of the 52nd subsequently took part in the Allied A Hundred Days Offensive in August , seeing further action as Australians advanced against the Hindenburg Line 's outpost line in September and early October . After this , the Australians were withdrawn from the line for rest and further reorganisation and they did not see further action until the war ended in November 1918 . During the fighting , the battalion suffered 650 killed in action or died on active service , and 1,438 wounded . Members of the battalion received the following decorations : two Distinguished Service Orders ( DSO ) , 17 Military Crosses ( MCs ) with one Bar , eight Distinguished Conduct Medals ( DCMs ) , 88 Military Medals ( MMs ) with one Bar , one Meritorious Service Medal ( MSMs ) , 20 Mentions in Despatches ( MIDs ) and five foreign awards . A total of 12 battle honours were awarded to the 52nd Battalion in 1927 for its war service .
Inter-war years and World War II
In 1921 , Australia 's part-time military force , the Citizen Forces , was reorganised to perpetuate the numerical designations of the AIF . Shortly after this , the 52nd Battalion was re-raised in Victoria through the redesignation of the 48th Battalion , which was subsequently re-formed in South Australia . At this time , the battalion was assigned a recruitment area between Caulfield , Dandenong and Gippsland , and was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George Knox . In 1925 , the battalion was presented colours and battle honours for its service during World War I , and an honorary distinction for South Africa 1899–1902 , which it bore for the 2nd Battalion , Tasmanian Infantry Regiment , which it was linked to through its parent battalion , the 12th , from which it had been raised in 1916 . In 1927 , the battalion became known as `` The Gippsland Regiment '' after territorial designations were introduced . At the same time it adopted the motto of `` Always Ready '' .
The battalion was amalgamated with the 37th Battalion , known as the `` 37th/52nd Battalion , The Henty Regiment '' , was formed in Victoria in 1930 as part of a rationalisation of the Australia 's part-time military forces that came about as a result of the combined effects of the suspension of compulsory service by the newly elected Scullin Labor government and the Great Depression . Assigned to the 10th Brigade , the amalgamated battalion undertook weekly parades and undertook annual camps , and remained in existence until mid-1936 when , as part of an expansion of the Australian military due to concerns about the threat of war in Europe , the battalion was split to reform its predecessor units .
During the early years of World War II , the battalion remained in Australia undertaking garrison duties as part of the 10th Brigade , assigned to the 3rd Division . Although precluded from being sent overseas as a unit due to the provisions of the Defence Act , many 52nd Battalion personnel volunteered to join the Second Australian Imperial Force , serving mainly in the 2/5th and 2/7th Battalions , while others joined the Royal Australian Air Force or Royal Australian Navy . In January 1940 , the battalion concentrated at Trawool where it undertook a three-month period of continuous service designed to improve the Militia 's readiness and provide training to conscripts that had been called up under the Universal Training Scheme that had been re-established . Further periods of continuous service were undertaken between December 1940 and April 1941 , and between August and October 1941 at Nagambie Road .
Following Japan 's entry into the war in December 1941 , the battalion was mobilised for war service . In early 1942 , when concerns about a Japanese invasion of Australia heightened , the battalion , consisting of 44 officers and 890 other ranks , was moved to Jimboomba , in Queensland , from Bonegilla . The invasion did not eventuate and the government decided to demobilise part of the military to rectify a manpower shortage that developed in the Australian economy . As a result , on 27 August 1942 , the 52nd Battalion was once again amalgamated with the 37th Battalion to form the 37th/52nd Battalion , and some of its personnel were released back to civilian industry . The 10th Brigade was disbanded around this time , and subsequently the 37th/52nd Battalion was assigned to the 4th Brigade . Together the amalgamated battalion subsequently served in the Huon Peninsula and New Britain campaigns in 1944 and 1945 before being disbanded on 12 June 1946 .
Battle honours
The 52nd Battalion was awarded the following battle honours :
South Africa 1899–1902 ( inherited ) ;
World War I : Somme 1916–18 , Pozières , Bullecourt , Ypres 1917 , Menin Road , Polygon Wood , Passchendaele , Ancre 1918 , Villers-Bretonneux , France and Flanders 1916–18 , Egypt 1916 .
Notes
References
Australian World War I battalions
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
Stockport Viaduct carries the West Coast Main Line across the valley of the River Mersey in Stockport , Greater Manchester , England ( ) . It is one of the largest brick structures in the United Kingdom and a major structure of the early railway age .
The viaduct was designed by George Watson Buck in consultation with the architect John Lowe for the Manchester and Birmingham Railway . Work began in March 1839 and despite its scale and flooding from the Mersey , the viaduct was completed in December 1840 and services commenced the same month . Roughly 11 million bricks were used in its construction ; at the time of its completion , it was the world 's largest viaduct and a major feat of engineering . The viaduct is high . Since March 1975 , Stockport Viaduct has been a Grade II * listed structure ; it remains one of the world 's biggest brick structures .
Several alterations have been made to the viaduct , in the late 1880s it was widened to accommodate four tracks by the London and North Western Railway . In the 1960s , overhead catenary lines were installed by British Rail for the West Coast Main Line electrification scheme . In the second half of the twentieth century , the M60 motorway was built , passing through two of the viaduct 's arches between Junction 1 ( A5145 road ) and Junction 27 ( Portwood Roundabout ) . The viaduct has been subject to renovation and remedial repairs over the years .
History
Background and construction
Stockport Viaduct was built to carry the Manchester and Birmingham Railway across the valley of the River Mersey at Stockport . The viaduct was designed by the engineer George Watson Buck in consultation with the architect John Lowe . On 31 October 1838 , the company 's directors met to choose contractors from tenders that had been submitted . The contractors chosen were John Tomkinson and Samuel and John Holme and the work was overseen by the resident engineer W. Adams and subsequently by W.H . Perkins .
The plans for the viaduct differed from what was actually constructed , particularly in terms of its height . It was planned to be high , but raised after it was realised that it would save £50,000 across the whole line . The viaduct stands above the bed of the Mersey , is long and as built , was wide . The engine house of Wear Mill , built in 1831 , was on the line of the railway and the viaduct was built over it by constructing the piers on either side of it .
On 10 March 1839 , the viaduct 's foundation stone was laid . At the peak of construction , around 600 workers were employed in shifts , working day and night . It took 21 months to complete using around 11 million common bricks and of stone and cost £72,000 . Construction was hindered by floods in the Mersey which washed away the viaduct 's centres on a couple of occasions early on in the work . On 21 December 1840 , the final stone was set , marking its completion . Scaffolding and centring used to build the arches were reused in the construction of the Dane Viaduct 15 miles to the south .
The viaduct comprises 22 semi-circular arches with spans of flanked by pair of abutment arches of span . The arch rings are thick . The arches and spandrels are built of red brick set in lime mortar with ashlar spring courses . The deck parapets are high . The distance between the arch crowns and the top of the parapets is . The red-brick piers are thick and high . They are solid up to above the springings above which they have thick walls filled with ballast . The piers at the abutments have rusticated facings . The original trackbed was wide , ballasted with sandstone taken from cuttings along the railway . The track is drained via diameter iron pipes through the piers .
Operational life
The Manchester to Stockport line was officially opened on 4 June 1840 , but the viaduct was not completed until 21 December 1840 . On 16 July 1841 , the first train crossed the viaduct and it opened to rail traffic on 10 August 1842 enabling through services to Crewe and facilitating travel to London .
The first section of the Manchester and Birmingham line , from a temporary station in Travis Street Manchester to a temporary station at Heaton Norris on the Lancashire side of the Stockport Viaduct , opened on 4 June 1840 and carried nearly 2,000 passengers per day in the second half of that year . On 10 May 1842 , train services were extended from Heaton Norris to Sandbach when Store Street in Manchester opened .
Between 1887 and 1889 , the viaduct was widened by approximately along one side to accommodate two more tracks . The London and North Western Railway , formed in 1846 , required a continuous four-track configuration along the route to enable express services to overtake slower trains . The engineer Francis Stephenson retained the original dimensions and form of the viaduct when it was widened . Additional tapered piers were built and another abutment arch to carry the wider deck was added at the Stockport end . The work was carried out by manual labour .
In 1929 , the arch above Heaton Lane was repaired after several bricks fell from the soffit . The degraded condition of the brickwork was attributed to unseasonably high temperatures in the summers of 1915–1917 which had caused raising in the viaduct 's track and parapet . Areas of damaged brickwork were replaced with reinforced concrete , the arch was re-grouted and steel rails were installed across the affected area .
In the 1960s , overhead catenary lines were installed for the West Coast Main Line electrification scheme . On 10 March 1975 , the viaduct was granted Grade II * listed building status . In 1989 , the viaduct was restored at an estimated cost of £3 million . The brickwork was cleaned to improve its appearance , and floodlights were installed to illuminate it at night time .
In the second half of the twentieth century , the M60 motorway around Manchester was constructed . Its three-lane carriageways pass through two of the viaduct 's arches between Junction 1 ( A5145 road ) and Junction 27 ( Portwood Roundabout ) .
In late 2007 , Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council objected to service changes by CrossCountry which proposed to reduce the number of Manchester to Birmingham trains stopping at Stockport by 50 per cent . Councillor David White claimed that an 1840 Act of Parliament guaranteed that all trains passing over the viaduct had to stop at Stockport station . In response , Labour MP Andrew Gwynne stated :
In 2011 , the viaduct was refurbished by Network Rail but by 2018 , its condition had declined , limestone staining ( likely caused by failing waterproofing measures ) and graffiti are present in multiple areas ; local authorities were reportedly considering legal action to compel Network Rail to address its condition .
The viaduct is mentioned in the introduction to the Northern Mill Towns in Elizabeth Gaskell 's North and South . It has been portrayed in several works by L.S . Lowry .
Stockport rail accident 1948
An accident on the viaduct occurred on 30 November 1948 at 19:40 when , in darkness and thick fog , a Buxton train ran into the back of a Crewe and Disley train that was stopped at the signal at the south end of the viaduct waiting for a platform . Although the collision was at 10–15 mph , because of the inertial mass of four locomotives the last ( eleventh ) coach of the Crewe–Disley service telescoped into the tenth carriage . Five people were killed and 27 were seriously injured . The impact took place in approximately the centre of the viaduct . The inspector attributed the cause to the driver of the lead engine of the Buxton train , which was stopped at a signal just south of Heaton Norris railway station . He misinterpreted a shout from the assistant porter as having been from the guard giving permission to proceed , which the guard should have obtained from the signal box under Rule 55 , as the signal was not visible in the dense fog . The train passed the signal at danger .
See also
Grade II * listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Listed buildings in Stockport
Malbork Castle – the largest brick structure in the world
Notes
References
External links
ITN Archive of Stockport Rail accident
Early depiction of the Stockport Viaduct via britishmuseum.org
Grade II * listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Railway viaducts in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in Stockport
Grade II * listed railway bridges and viaducts
Bridges completed in 1840
Brick bridges
Iain MacDonald is an Irish entrepreneur . He is the founder of Perlico , an Irish telecommunications company .
Education
MacDonald studied economics and information studies at Blackrock College and University College Dublin .
Career
MacDonald started his career as a salesman at Intergraph , a software company in Dublin .
MacDonald founded Perlico in 2003 , an Irish consumer telecommunications company , and later sold it to Vodafone Ireland in a 2007 deal reportedly worth €80 million contingent on subsequent earnings .
In 2009 , MacDonald founded `` Weeedle '' , later renamed SkillPages , a skills-based social network .
References
Living people
Irish businesspeople
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Granite Store , or variants thereof , may refer to :
in the United States
Granite Store ( Sullivan , Maine ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Hancock County , Maine ] ]
Granite Store ( Uxbridge , Massachusetts ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places
See also
Granite Building ( disambiguation )
The 1920–21 Army Cadets men 's ice hockey season was the 18th season of play for the program . The team was coached by Talbot Hunter in his 1st season .
Season
There were high hopes for the team when it brought in Talbot Hunter . This was the first time that the team had used someone who was a professional coach and Hunter had years of experience at the college level . Unfortunately , warm weather wrecked the Cadet 's season . The team was not even assembled until after the new year but 30 men showed up despite the difficulties . Owing to the poor ice , only four games were scheduled , but even then , the first against Pennsylvania had to be cancelled . The first match ended up being with YMCA College in early February . The teams fought to a 1–1 draw after two halves and then exploded offensively in overtime . Both sides netted 2 goals and finished with a tie .
Army lost their starting center , Woods , to a broken ankle and O'Shea was put in his place for the final two games . He played well in relief and helped the Cadets perform well in two losses . Despite the record , Army showed improvement under Hunter and the belief was all that was needed for the team to take the next step was suitable weather .
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' ; '' | Regular Season
References
Army Black Knights men 's ice hockey seasons
Army Cadets
Army Cadets
1920 in sports in New York ( state )
1921 in sports in New York ( state )
Miss International 1977 , the 17th Miss International pageant was held on July 1 , 1977 at the Imperial Garden Theater in Tokyo , Japan . Pilar Medina earned Spain 's first Miss International crown .
Results
Placements
Contestants
- Susan Heier
- Pamela Joy Cail
- Eva Prevolnik
- Yvette Maria Aelbrecht
- Miriam Coimbra
- Patrícia Viotti de Andrade
- Sian Helen Adey-Jones
- Jacki Mary Dreher
- Silvia Ebner Cataldo
- Silvia Alicia Pombo Carrillo
- Hannia Chavarria Córdoba
- Christa Yvonne Drube
- Arja Liisa Lehtinen
- Catherine Pouchele
- Dagmar Gabriele Winkler
- Lia Aga
- Linda Sandlin
- Prunella JulIe Nickson
- Willy Muis
- Maria Marlene Villela
- Dorothy Yu Yee-Ha
- Gudrun Helgadóttir
- Joan Stephens
- Indri Hapsari Suharto
- Anne Marie McDaid
- Ronit Makover
- Livia Jannoni
- Mieko Kojima
- Shin Byoung-ok
- Katia Fakhry
- Dorothea Chuah Poh Kooi
- Rose Bugejja
- Ernestina Sodi Miranda
- Carolyn Judith Grant
- Marie Gretchen Griffith
- Bente Lihaug
- Marta Hernández
- Theresa Leu San
- Pilar Medina
- Sobodhini Nagesan
- Lena Jernberg
- Brigitte Bocquet
- Umpa Phuhoi
- Mine Koldas
- Dinorah González Carpio
- Laura Jean Bobbit
- Betty Zulay Paredes
- Svetlana Milorad Visnjic
Withdrawals
- Maria Cristina `` Pinky '' de la Rosa Alberto
Notes
1977
1977 in Tokyo
1977 beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in Japan
The Nigeria Governors ' forum is a non-partisan platform that was created to enhance collaboration among the executive governors of Nigeria .
Aims and objectives
Forum for public policy discussions
Promote inclusive governance
Promote sustainable development
Promote collaboration between the governors and society
References
Organizations based in Nigeria
Szumin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
The village has a population of 40 .
References
Szumin
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1956 .
Events
Debuts
11 March - Aktuaalne kaamera ( or , simply AK ) , Estonian-language news programme . Eesti Televisioon ( ETV ) .
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
9 June - Guido Kangur , actor
27 July - Reet Oja ( : et ) , journalist
Deaths
Ibn Ammar can refer to :
al-Hasan ibn Ammar ( fl . 962–997 ) , Fatimid general and wasita
Muhammad ibn Ammar ( 1031–1086 ) , Andalusian poet and vizier of Seville
Czarnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately west of Leszno , west of Ożarów Mazowiecki ( the county seat ) , and west of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
2013–14 in Swedish bandy was a bandy season starting in August 2013 and ending in July 2014 .
Honours
Men 's bandy
Official titles
Competitions
Women 's bandy
Official titles
Promotions , relegations and qualifications
Promotions
Relegations
2014 Elitserien play-offs
Final
National teams
Sweden national bandy team
2014 Bandy World Championship
In the 2014 Bandy World Championship , Sweden played in Division A , Group A. Sweden played the following matches and won the silver medals .
Sweden women 's national bandy team
2014 Women 's Bandy World Championship
In the 2014 Women 's Bandy World Championship , Sweden played the following matches and won the silver medals , for the first time not becoming world champions .
See also
2013–14 Elitserien ( bandy )
Swedish bandy league system
References
Seasons in Swedish bandy
Bandy
Bandy
Sweden
Sweden
Duchnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately 14 km west from the center of Warsaw .
Duchnice has a population of 858 .
References
Duchnice
An aerodrome is any place at which flight operations take place . In British English , it refers chiefly to a small airport or airfield .
Aerodrome or airdrome may refer to :
Aviation
Aerodromes , various heavier-than-air flying machines , including those built by the Canadian Aerial Experiment Association
Langley Aerodrome , a pioneering but unsuccessful series of powered flying machines designed at the close of the 19th century by Smithsonian Institution Secretary Samuel Langley
Terminal aerodrome forecast , an international format for reporting aviation weather forecast information
Brands and enterprises
Aerodrome , an ice-skating rink in Houston , Texas
The Aerodrome ( nightclub ) , a former nightclub in Schenectady , New York
Airdrome , Richard and Maurice McDonald 's first food venture , a hotdog stand in Monrovia , California , before moving the entire building to San Bernardino in 1940 and renaming it McDonald 's
Other uses
The Aerodrome , a 1941 novel by Rex Warner
Georges Panayotis ( Georges Panayotis is a pseudonym for Georges Chatzipanayotis ) is a French/Greek businessman and consultant for the tourism , hotel and hospitality industries . He has contributed to establishing more than 2,500 hotels ( 150,000 hotel rooms ) in France and throughout EMEA , representing a global investment of over 10.5 billion euros .
Early life
Panayotis was born into a family of hoteliers , and left Greece at the age of 18 to study political science . After gaining a management degree at the Paris Dauphine University he began working at Novotel , now part of the Accor Group , eventually becoming International Marketing Director . Having developed specialised marketing and management tools for the hotel industry , he left the group in 1985 to establish MKG Group .
Business career
Over the past 30 years , Panayotis has led MKG Conseil , now known as the MKG Group . In 2008 the company had over 110 employees across Europe , the Middle East and Africa , and specialised in four core activities : market surveys , quality control , database management , and industry press . In 2006 , the company 's turnover was 12 million euro and was ranked 1st in France , specialising in marketing and the tourism industry , and ranked 20th in the national classification of the top 100 market research institutes by Marketing Magazine .
MKG Group , specialised in the tourism industry , is currently the leader in marketing studies for the worldwide hotel and tourism market .
Public career
Panayotis helped launch industry publications Hospitality ON Magazine & hospitality-on.com ( previously HTR Magazine and Hôtel Restau ) , and created three major annual events : Worldwide Hospitality Awards , the Global Lodging Forum and the Tourinvest Forum . His published work include Constat et Plan Marketing ( Marketing Status and Planning ) , Marketing Opérationnel des Services ( Operational Marketing of Services ) , and L'hôtellerie française et son évolution ( The Hotel Industry in France and its evolution ) . He holds two Official National Distinctions Medals : Chevalier dans l'Ordre de la Légion d'Honneur ( 2001 ) and Chevalier dans l'Ordre National du Mérite .
He is also a professor at the Accor Academy in Évry , Essonne , Île-de-France and Lecturer at University of Marne la Vallée , Île-de-France , social sciences , tourism and leisure , and a consultant for several radio ( France Inter , RMC ) and television stations focussing on the economy , travel and hospitality industry ( BFM , France 24 , . He sits on the advisory panel for the Minister of the Economy , Industry and Employment ( France ) & . In 1988 he was a candidate in the 13ème circonscription for the 15th arrondissement of Paris ( Saint-Lambert , Javel ) elections .
See also
References
External links
Official MKG Group website
Georges Panayotis ' editorials
Greek emigrants to France
Paris Dauphine University alumni
1955 births
Businesspeople from Heraklion
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Hotel executives
French hoteliers
Living people
Kwirynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Dilara Aksüyek ( born 24 July 1987 ) is a Turkish actress .
Aksüyek was born in Karşıyaka . At the age of 7 , she moved with her family to Edirne . In 2007 , she moved to Istanbul and studied theatre at Müjdat Gezen Art Center . She made her television debut in 2012 with a role in the series Evlerden Biri . She was first noted with her role in the 2013 drama series Merhamet as Şadiye . The following year , she portrayed the character of Deniz in Kadim Dostum .
In 2015 , she portrayed Mahfiruz Hatun in the historical drama Muhteşem Yüzyıl : Kösem . She had her breakthrough in 2017 with a leading role in İstanbullu Gelin .
Filmography
References
External links
1987 births
People from Karşıyaka
Turkish television actresses
Living people
Kaleidoscope Human Rights Foundation ( commonly known as `` Kaleidoscope Human Rights Foundation '' or KHRF ) is a non-governmental organisation based in Australia that works to protect the rights of LGBTIQ+ people in the Asia Pacific region .
Objectives
The stated objective of the organisation is `` to promote human rights ( as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and subsequent United Nations conventions and declarations ) and particularly the rights and freedoms of those who face discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation , gender identity or intersex status '' .
History
Kaleidoscope Human Rights Foundation was founded in September 2013 and was inspired by The Kaleidoscope Trust in the UK . professor Paula Gerber , the deputy director of the Castan Centre for Human Rights Law at Monash University , was the inaugural president , and continues to be a director of the organisation . Michael Kirby is the patron .
Advocacy
Kaleidoscope Human Rights Foundation has a particular focus on submitting shadow reports to UN treaty committees and also to the UN Human Rights Council . The intention is to ensure that every national review by UN committees and the Council includes an examination of the human rights of sexual and gender minorities as well as wider human rights issues . To date , shadow reports have been prepared for the Human Rights Committee on Nepal , Cambodia , Japan , and Sri Lanka . The Melbourne offices of the law firm DLA Piper helped in the writing of these reports .
In addition shadow reports on the Marshall Islands , Nauru , Nepal , Myanmar and Micronesia have all been submitted to the Human Rights Council for these countries ' Universal Periodic Reviews .
It is still too early to examine how effective the submission of these reports has been as the review process is still ongoing for most of these countries and it often takes several years before reform processes role out in countries who have been assessed . However , there are promising indications that one of the first Shadow Reports on Sri Lanka may have spurred the government there to move its position .
Kaleidoscope also keeps up lines of communication with the Australian government over issues relating to Australia 's foreign relations with regional nations over their record on the human rights of sexual or gender minorities . During the election campaign in 2013 , KAHRF ran a pledge campaign to get the political parties in Australia committed to LGBTI rights in foreign policy . They were successful in getting the Greens , Labor and the Liberal candidate in Melbourne Ports , Kevin Ekendahl , to sign the pledge . In November 2013 , Kaleidoscope Australia was also one of almost 20 groups across the Commonwealth that participated in and helped publish the `` Speaking Out '' report on Homophobia in the Commonwealth that had been coordinated and compiled by the Kaleidoscope Trust .
References
External links
The Kaleidoscope Australia website
LGBT political advocacy groups in Australia
2013 establishments in Australia
Organizations established in 2013
Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland . It lies approximately east of Korytnica , west of Węgrów , and east of Warsaw .
References
Zalesie
`` Hollywood Love '' is a single by Canadian country music artist Carroll Baker . Released in 1980 , it was the second single from her 1979 album Hollywood Love . The song reached number one on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada in August 1980 .
Chart performance
References
1980 singles
Carroll Baker songs
RPM Country Tracks number-one singles of the year
1980 songs
RCA Records singles
Per Oddvar Johansen ( born 1 March 1968 ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( drummer ) , most recognized for his work with Trygve Seim , Christian Wallumrød , The Source , Solveig Slettahjell and Vigleik Storaas , but has also been awarded the Spellemannprisen five times .
Career
Johansen was born in Oslo , where he played in several rock bands before attending the Jazz Program at Trondheim Music Conservatory ( 1989–92 ) . There he started cooperations with among others the Bodega Band ( 1990–92 , with the record En flik av ... in 1992 ) , Airamero from 1990 , Trio Midt-Norge , Piggy Bop from 1991 , Vigleik Storaas Trio and the Trondheim Kunstorkester . He also started a long-lasting cooperation with Trygve Seim , among others in The Source , and has given profound marks on the Norwegian Jazz scene . He put his drums in for the band Tre Små Kinesere ( 1992 ) too .
When returning to Bærum ( 1992 ) he still continued many of these projects , in addition to performing with artists like Torbjørn Sunde , Jan Erik Kongshaug , the quartet TINGeLING , tubaist Lars Andreas Haug , Solveig Slettahjell 's `` Slow Motion Orchestra '' , Kjersti Stubø , Petter Wettre , Jacob Young , 1300 Oslo , Zanussi Five , with Kjetil Møster/Per Zanussi Trio , the singer Eldbjørg Raknes and the guitarist Hans Mathisen . In 1994 he toured with the trumpeter Kenny Wheeler and performed with the rock band Motorpsycho at Kongsberg Jazz Festival in 1995 . He played with Joshua Redman , Arild Andersen and Bugge Wesseltoft at Moldejazz 2006 .
Johansen together with Petter Wettre was rewarded Spellemannprisen 2000 in the class jazz for the album The Only Way to Travel , a prize he also received twice as a member of Vigleik Storaas Trio . He has released four records with Ingebrigt Håker Flaten and Christian Wallumrød in the trio Close Erase ( from 1995 ) . He has also given lectures in drumming at University of Oslo and Norges Musikkhøgskole .
Honors
Spellemannprisen 1995 in the class jazz , for the album Bilder withVigleik Storaas Trio
Spellemannprisen 1997 in the class jazz , for the album Andre Bilder with Vigleik Storaas Trio
Spellemannprisen 2000 in the class jazz , for the album The Only Way to Travel with Petter Wettre
Spellemannprisen 2004 in the class jazz , for the album Silver with Solveig Slettahjell
Spellemannprisen 2005 in the class jazz , for the album Quiet Songs with Hans Mathisen
Spellemannprisen 2014 in the class contemporary music , for the album Outstairs with Christian Wallumrød Ensemble
Discography ( in selection )
Solo albums
2008 : Ferme Solus – This is My Music ( Euridice Turn Left )
2014 : Solo at MIR – Blow Out ! Oslo 3 December 2013 ( Bandcamp )
2016 : Let 's Dance ( Edition Records )
Collaborative works
With Trond Bjertnes and Frode Barth
1994 : Egentlig ( Mind The Gap )
With The Source
1994 : Olemanns kornett ( Curling Legs )
1995 : The Source : of Christmas ( Curling Legs )
2002 : The Source & Different Cikadas ( ECM Records )
2005 : The Source : of Christmas Live ( Grappa Music )
2006 : The Source ( ECM Records )
2013 : The Source : of Summer ( Grappa Music )
With Jan Erik Kongshaug
1998 : The Other World ( ACT Music )
2003 : All These Years ( Ponca Jazz Records )
With Vigleik Storaas trio
1995 : Bilder ( Curling Legs ) , was awarded Spellemannprisen
1997 : Andre Bilder ( Curling Legs ) , was awarded Spellemannprisen
2002 : Subsonic ( Curling Legs )
2007 : Now ( Inner Ear )
2012 : Epistel no 5 ( Inner Ear )
Duo with Petter Wettre
2000 : The only way to travel ( BP/Tuba ! ) , was awarded Spellemannprisen
With Close Erase
1995 : Close Erase ( NorCD )
1999 : No.2 ( NorCD )
2002 : Dance This ( BP )
2006 : Sport Rocks ( Jazzaway Records )
2010 : R.I.P ( Plastic Strip Press )
With 1300 Oslo
2001 : Live in the North ( Curling Legs )
With Kjersti Stubø
2001 : My Shining Hour ( Blue Jersey )
With Solveig Slettahjell
2001 : Slow Motion Orchestra ( Curling Legs )
2003 : Silver ( Curling Legs )
2005 : Pixiedust ( Curling Legs )
2006 : Good Rain ( ACT Music , Curling Legs )
2007 : Domestic Songs ( ACT Music , Curling Legs )
2009 : Tarpan Seasons ( Universal Music )
With Trygve Seim
2001 : Different Rivers ( ECM Records )
2004 : Sangam ( ECM Records )
With Eldbjørg Raknes
1997 : TINGeLING ( NorCD )
2002 : So Much Depends on a Red Wheelbarrow ( Platearbeiderne ) , commissioned work for Vossajazz
2004 : Många röster talar ( Bergland records )
2006 : I live suddenly ( MYrecordings )
With Christian Wallumrød Ensemble
2001 : Sofienberg Variations ( ECM Records )
2004 : A Year From Easter ( ECM Records )
2007 : The Zoo Is Far ( ECM Records )
2009 : Fabula Suite Lugano ( ECM Records )
2013 : Outstairs ( ECM Records )
2013 : Kurzam and Fulger ( Hubro Music )
With Håvard Wiik
2011 : Postures ( Jazzland Records )
With Daniel Rorke
2011 : San'an ( Saturn Musikk )
With Adam Baldych & Helge Lien Trio
2015 : Bridges ( ACT Music )
2017 : Brothers ( ACT Music )
With Mette Henriette
2015 : Mette Henriette ( ECM Records )
With Ayumi Tanaka Trio
2016 : Memento ( AMP Music & Records )
References
External links
Biography : Johansen , Per Oddvar – Norsk musikkinformasjon MIC.no
20th-century Norwegian drummers
21st-century Norwegian drummers
Norwegian jazz drummers
Male drummers
Norwegian jazz composers
Male jazz composers
Living people
1968 births
Spellemannprisen winners
Norwegian University of Science and Technology alumni
Musicians from Oslo
20th-century drummers
20th-century Norwegian male musicians
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
Petter Wettre Quartet members
Trondheim Jazz Orchestra members
Helge Lien Trio members
Close Erase members
The Source ( band ) members
TINGeLING members
Edition Records artists
Raise A Child Inc. ( AKA RaiseAChild.US ) is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization , providing support and services to all prospective parents interested in building families through fostering and adoption to meet the needs of the 415,000 children in the foster care system . RaiseAChild.US has become one of the first national lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) organizations to welcome and serve people of all orientations and identities . Based in Los Angeles , California , with a regional office in Port St. Lucie , Florida , RaiseAChild.US recruits , educates , and nurtures supportive relationships with all prospective foster and adoptive parents while partnering with agencies to improve the process of advancing foster children to safe , loving , and permanent homes .
References
External links
Official website
Adoption-related organizations
LGBT parenting in the United States
Foster care in the United States
501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organizations
Ware is a village situated between Canterbury and Ramsgate in Kent , England . The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Ash
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Kolosso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,246 people .
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Akkuzulu is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The 2010–11 Wofford Terriers men 's basketball team represented Wofford College during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Terriers , led by 9th year head coach Mike Young , played their home games at Benjamin Johnson Arena and are members of the Southern Conference . They finished the season 21–13 , 14–4 in SoCon play . They were champions of the 2011 Southern Conference men 's basketball tournament to earn their second consecutive automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Division I men 's basketball tournament where they lost in the second round to Brigham Young .
Roster
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9| Regular Season
|-
! colspan=9| Southern Conference Basketball Tournament
|-
! colspan=9| NCAA tournament
References
Wofford
Wofford
Wofford Terriers men 's basketball seasons
Southern Conference men 's basketball champion seasons
Wolf
Wolf
The mezzo-soprano is the middle female voice and the most common of the female singing voices , which tends to dominate in non-classical music , with vocal range that typically lies between the A below `` middle C '' ( C4 ) to the A two octaves above ( i.e . A3–A5 ) . In the lower and upper extremes , some mezzo-sopranos may extend down to the F below middle C ( F3 ) and as high as `` high C '' ( C6 ) . The mezzo-soprano voice ( unlike the soprano voice ) is strong in the middle register and weaker in the head register , resulting in a deeper tone than the soprano voice .
The term mezzo-soprano was developed in relation to classical and operatic voices , where the classification is based not merely on the singer 's vocal range but also on the tessitura and timbre of the voice . For classical and operatic singers , their voice type determines the roles they will sing and is a primary method of categorization . In non-classical music , singers are primarily defined by their genre and their gender not their vocal range . When the terms soprano , mezzo-soprano , contralto , tenor , baritone , and bass are used as descriptors of non-classical voices , they are applied more loosely than they would be to those of classical singers and generally refer only to the singer 's perceived vocal range .
The following is a list of singers in country , popular music , jazz , heavy metal , classical-crossover , and musical theatre who have been described as mezzo-sopranos .
List of names
See also
List of contraltos in non-classical music
List of sopranos in non-classical music
List of tenors in non-classical music
List of baritones in non-classical music
List of basses in non-classical music
Voice classification in non-classical music
Notes
References
Non-classical music
Lists of singers
Lists of women in music
The MV Logos II was a ship built in Spain , 1968 , which was purchased in 1989 by Educational Book Exhibits Ltd. , a private , non-profit , charitable organisation registered in the UK . Logos II was operated on behalf of EBE by GBA Ships , a second private , non-profit , charitable organisation registered in Germany . She entered service in 1990 and was active until October 2008 when she was sold . The work of Logos II is now being carried on by a replacement vessel Logos Hope .
History
Logos II 's original name was Antonio Lazaro . She was built by Union Naval Levante SA of Valencia , Spain in 1968 , and owned by Compañía Trasmediterránea . The ship was designed to operate a ferry service to Morocco , carrying 400 berthed and 200 deck class passengers . She also had a cargo hold forward and side doors for the loading of vehicles . She later sailed between Spain and Spanish territories in North Africa .
Educational Book Exhibits Ltd. purchased the ship on 21 October 1988 , and renamed her Logos II . Extensive renovations and upgrades were carried out to prepare the ship for future service . Logos II welcomed more than 10 million visitors on board with stops in 350 ports of call in 81 countries . The ship was sold in October 2008 , and the work is carried on by her replacement since February 19 , 2009 , MV Logos Hope . The last port of call for Logos II was Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago .
See also
Operation Mobilisation
MV Doulos
MV Logos Hope
References
External links
Official MV Logos II website
GBA Ships
OM Ships International
Ships of Spain
Ships of Germany
1968 ships
Estadio Excelsior is a multi-purpose stadium in Puerto Cortés , Honduras . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Platense . The stadium holds 10,000 people . This stadium was rebuilt during Marlon Lara administration as Mayor of Puerto Cortés
External links
Photo of Estadio Excelsion
Excelsior , Estadio
Multi-purpose stadiums in Honduras
Puerto Cortés
Sports venues completed in 1930
Platense F.C .
The Afghanistan Papers are a set of interviews relating to the US war in Afghanistan prepared by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( SIGAR ) and published by The Washington Post in 2019 following Freedom of Information Act request . The documents reveal that high-ranking officials generally held the opinion that the war was unwinnable while keeping this view hidden from the public . Due to the difficulty of creating objective metrics to demonstrate success , information was manipulated for the duration of the conflict . NPR host Lulu Garcia-Navarro , comparing the documents with the Pentagon Papers , noted the revelation of , `` explicit and sustained efforts by the US government to deliberately mislead the public . ”
Initial reporting in The Washington Post
The initial article derived from these papers , titled `` At War With the Truth , '' was published by The Washington Post reporter Craig Whitlock on December 9 , 2019 . Shortly thereafter , numerous publications built on Whitlock 's writing .
In one of the interviews , which were conducted through the agency 's Lessons Learned Program , an official estimated that 40 % of U.S. aid to Afghanistan since 2001 ended up in the pockets of corrupt officials , warlords , criminals and insurgents . Ryan Crocker , former ambassador to Afghanistan and Iraq , told the investigators in a 2016 interview , `` You just can not put those amounts of money into a very fragile state and society , and not have it fuel corruption . ''
Reactions of public officials
Due to the nature of the content within the Afghanistan Papers , numerous public officials commented on their content in the days following Whitlock 's initial article . The following is a sampling of select politicians :
Senator Rand Paul : `` I think our young men and women that we send to war , our best and our brightest , they deserve better . They deserve an open airing of what is the mission . I 've been saying for several years now that I ca n't meet a general anywhere who can tell me really what is the mission we 're trying to accomplish in Afghanistan . ''
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand : `` We all read today , the striking reporting by The Washington Post , suggesting that administration officials , potentially including military officials , have misled the American public about the war in Afghanistan . I am writing to request hearings to address these deeply concerning revelations about the Afghan war . ”
Representative Tulsi Gabbard said she introduces legislation for a Congressional inquiry into `` the lying and wasting of taxpayer dollars '' and lives of US service members . She accused the military-industrial complex , contractors and consultancy companies of profiting from `` a scam that ripped the US taxpayers off over a trillion dollars since 9/11 in Afghanistan alone . '' Gabbard reiterated her request to bring US troops home from Afghanistan .
Former Vice President Joe Biden distanced himself from Barack Obama 's Afghan war policy , saying : `` I 'm the guy from the beginning who argued that it was a big , big mistake to surge forces to Afghanistan . ''
Resurfacing in 2021
The papers were brought back into discussion after the 2021 Summer Offensive of the Taliban and the fall of Kabul . Debates around the efficiency of U.S. state-building efforts were brought into question , with contrast in what the U.S. forces originally revealed and thought versus what actually occurred . U.S. officials and leaders such as President Joe Biden were heavily criticised for their actions during the withdrawal and the public narrative that was being told throughout August and September of 2021 .
See also
Pentagon Papers
Iraq War documents leak
Afghan Files ( Australia )
Further reading
References
External links
Archive of the papers and associated audio recordings
Works about the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
Reports of the United States government
2019 documents
Works originally published in American newspapers
The Teacher 's Training College of Kruševac , Serbia , has been operating since 1973 . The main purpose of the school to train teachers for work at preschools . Studies last two years ( four semesters ) , after which graduates pass the sixth level of education .
Notes
Universities and colleges in Serbia
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Europe
The 1994 NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament was the 35th organized men 's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association , to determine the top college soccer team in the United States . The Virginia Cavaliers won their fifth national title , and fourth straight , by defeating the Indiana Hoosiers in the championship game , 1–0 . For the first time , the top four teams from the regular season were seeded nationally for the tournament bracket . This was also the first tournament to see more than 100 goals scored during its entirety . The final match was played on December 11 , 1994 , in Davidson , North Carolina , at Richardson Stadium for the third straight year . All other matches were played at the home field of the higher seeded team .
National Seeds
Early rounds
Final
References
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
Betanzos is a town located in the Potosí Department of Bolivia . It is the capital of the Betanzos Canton , Betanzos Municipality and Cornelio Saavedra Province .
References
Populated places in Potosí Department
Nicola Stilo ( born 1956 in Italy ) , is a jazz and pop instrumentalist , specialising in flute and guitar .
Stilo began following Chet Baker in 1979 , attending his concerts and recording sessions . Baker took him as part of his band for a tour of Italy the following year , and on subsequent tours , including to Brazil in 1985 . After the last , Stilo stayed in Brazil for around a year before reuniting with Baker . Despite discouragement from Baker , who was a long-term drug addict , Stilo by this time had become addicted to heroin . Back together in Europe , Stilo commented : `` Maybe I made the choice just to live the same life he was doing , you know ? [ ... ] We were like brothers , maybe sometimes fighting , but really taking care of each other . '' They continued to play together , with Stilo on flute and guitar . Stilo wrote the music for Baker 's 1988 album Chet on Poetry ; it `` ranged from slick Europop to funk to a graceful jazz waltz '' . He also played on the album . He appeared on film in the 1988 documentary Let 's Get Lost . After Baker 's death later that year , Stilo gave up heroin .
Stilo subsequently recorded with Toninho Horta and with his own group .
Discography
As leader/co-leader
Flute Connection ( 1994 )
Errata Corrige ( 1995 )
Duets ( 1999 )
Immagini ( Alfamusic , 2007 )
As sideman
With Chet Baker
Leaving ( Intercord , 1980 )
At Capolinea ( Red , 1983 [ 1987 ] )
Let 's Get Lost ( RCA Novus , 1987 )
Chet on Poetry ( 1988 )
Live in Rosenheim : Chet Baker 's Last Recording as Quartet ( 1988 )
References
Bibliography
External links
Biography ( broken )
Personal blog
Italian jazz guitarists
Italian male guitarists
Italian jazz flautists
Italian jazz pianists
Italian male pianists
1956 births
Living people
21st-century pianists
21st-century Italian male musicians
Male jazz musicians
Marios Pourzitidis ( ; born 8 May 1999 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Czech First League club Slovan Liberec .
Career
On 28 October 2020 , Pourzitidis , who played last year at Platanias , will continue his career at Czech club Slovan Liberec , signing a three-years ' contract for an undisclosed fee .
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Platanias F.C . players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
FC Slovan Liberec players
Yu 1007 was an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of the Yu 1001 subclass of the Yu I type . Constructed for use during the latter stages of World War II , she served in the waters of the Japanese archipelago .
Construction
In the final two years of World War II , the Imperial Japanese Army constructed transport submarines — officially the Type 3 submergence transport vehicle and known to the Japanese Army as the Maru Yu — with which to supply its isolated island garrisons in the Pacific . Only submarines of the Yu I type were completed and saw service . The Yu I type was produced in four subclasses , each produced by a different manufacturer and differing primarily in the design of their conning towers and details of their gun armament , although one source states that the Yu 1001 subclass differed from the original Yu 1 sublcass in other ways , being longer , having a slightly larger displacement and more powerful diesel engine that increased the maximum speed by , and probably having no deck gun installed . None of the Yu I-type submarines carried torpedoes or had torpedo tubes . Yu 1007 a unit of the Yu 1001 subclass .
Japan Steel Works ( Nihon Seikojo ) constructed at its plant in Hiroshima , Japan . Records of the details of the construction of Yu 1007 have not been discovered , but the earliest Yu I-type submarines of the original Yu 1 subclass were laid down and launched during the latter half of 1943 and entered service at the end of 1943 or early in 1944 .
Service history
Yu 1007 spent her operational career in Japanese home waters . She was assigned to Detachment Kuchinotsu , Transport Submarine Group , on 15 May 1945 , and to Detachment Mikuriya in June 1945 . Surviving records of the activities of Imperial Japanese Army submarines are fragmentary , and no records have been discovered describing her specific activities in support of any particular operation .
World War II ended with the cessation of hostilities on 15 August 1945.Yu 1007 surrendered to the Allies later in August 1945 . She sank in a storm at Mikuriya either later in 1945 or in 1946 , according to different sources . She subsequently was salvaged , and was scrapped by Kawanami at Nagasaki in January 1948 .
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Rekishi Gunzō , History of Pacific War Extra , Perfect guide , The submarines of the Imperial Japanese Forces , Gakken , Tokyo Japan , 2005 , .
Rekishi Gunzō , History of Pacific War Vol.45 , Truth histories of the Imperial Japanese Naval Vessels , Gakken , Tokyo Japan , 2004 , .
Ships of the World No.506 , Kaijinsha , Tokyo Japan , 1996 .
The Maru Special , Japanese Naval Vessels No.43 Japanese Submarines III , Ushio Shobō , Tokyo Japan , 1980 .
Atsumi Nakashima , Army Submarine Fleet , `` The secret project ! , The men challenged the deep sea '' , Shinjinbutsu Ōraisha , Tokyo Japan , 2006 , .
50-year history of the Japan Steel Works ( first volume and second volume ) , Japan Steel Works , 1968 .
1940s ships
Ships built in Japan
Submarines of the Imperial Japanese Army
World War II submarines of Japan
Maritime incidents in 1945
Maritime incidents in 1946
Shipwrecks of Japan
John Stafford Carson ( born 29 May 1951 ) is Principal and Professor of Ministry at Union Theological College , Belfast , and a former moderator of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland . He took office as moderator on 1 June 2009 in succession to Dr Donald Patton . As moderator , he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree by the Presbyterian Theological Faculty , Ireland .
In June 2013 , he was appointed executive principal of Union Theological College .
References
External links
Personal website
1951 births
Living people
Presbyterian ministers from Northern Ireland
People from Larne
People educated at Larne Grammar School
Moderators of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland
Academics of Union Theological College , Belfast
Dr ( Edgar ) John Hughes CBE , FRSA , FLSW ( born 27 July 1947 ) is a retired British diplomat and former British Ambassador to Venezuela , Argentina and Paraguay .
In retirement , he has been a governor of Atlantic College , Chair of the Marshall Aid Commemoration Commission and Chair of Canning House . He is currently Chair of the British Argentine Chamber of Commerce and of Latamconsult .
Hughes has also held Fellowships in London University , including as a Senior Fellow at the London School of Economics and as Professor in Practice at LSE Ideas .
Born in south Wales , Hughes was educated at Lewis School , Pengam , and the London School of Economics BSc Econ . He went on to receive his master 's degree from Lehigh University in Pennsylvania and his PhD from Pembroke College , Cambridge , in 1974 with a dissertation entitled Anglo-American relations and the formation of the United Nations organisation .
Hughes was a career British diplomat for 35 years , serving primarily in Embassies in the Western hemisphere ( Santiago , Washington DC , Caracas , Buenos Aires ) . His European posting was as Deputy Ambassador in Norway .
In the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) he worked on trade negotiations ( Air Services ) and was the Change Manager for the British Diplomatic Service . He was also seconded to the Cabinet Office where he worked on the Middle East .
Hughes went on secondment to the private sector , working in BA Systems 1999-2000 and in Shell 2003–2004 .
In 2000 Hughes was appointed HM Ambassador to Venezuela , where he served until 2003 . He was then appointed HM Ambassador to Argentina in 2004 , and in 2005 as non-resident HM Ambassador to Paraguay .
He became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 2011 and was elected as a Member of the Learned Society of Wales in 2020 .
Hughes was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2017 New Year Honours List .
References
External links
Hughes , Dr ( Edgar ) John , Who 's Who 2018 , A & C Black , 2017
1947 births
Living people
People educated at Lewis School , Pengam
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Alumni of Pembroke College , Cambridge
Lehigh University alumni
Welsh diplomats
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Venezuela
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Argentina
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Paraguay
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Baramba is a village and administrative centre ( chef-lieu ) of the commune of Nampé in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The village is 25 km north of Koutiala .
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Baramba on 18 February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu . He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné . In his book Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo published in 1830 , he refers to the village as Bamba . Caillié wrote :
After proceeding four miles we halted at the village of Bamba , which is shaded by boababs . At the market I observed that women wore glass rings in the nose ; and some had these ornaments made of gold or copper . This village contains three to four hundred inhabitants .
The route of Caillié 's caravan passed a few kilometers to the west of what is now the town of Koutiala . The town did not exist at the time : it was founded at the end of the 19th century by the French army after the conquest .
Notes
References
Sources
.
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Miguel Vargas ( born 8 November 1957 ) is a Costa Rican long-distance runner . He competed in the men 's 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
References
1957 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1991 Pan American Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Costa Rican male long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Costa Rica
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Central American Games gold medalists for Costa Rica
Central American Games medalists in athletics
Pan American Games competitors for Costa Rica
21st-century Costa Rican people
20th-century Costa Rican people
Thomas Potter ( 1689–1777 ) was an illiterate farmer who in 1760 built a chapel in Good Luck , New Jersey ( now Lacey Township ) , for the purpose of spreading the doctrine of Universalism .
He was born in 1689 , the son of Rogerene Baptist immigrants from Rhode Island . Influenced by both Quaker and Baptist beliefs , Potter , as a Universalist , let people of all creeds worship on his land , but was convinced that God would send him a preacher of Universalism . In 1770 , a Universalist preacher named John Murray did in fact appear , and was prevailed upon by Potter to give his first Universalist sermon on the American continent . Murray then went on to become the minister of the first Universalist congregation in America , located in Gloucester , Massachusetts , and to be a central figure in the creation of the Universalist Church in America , in 1793 . Potter died not long after Murray departed , probably in 1777 ( the year in which his will was probated ) , but is considered to have been one of the founders of the Universalist movement . Universalists began coming on pilgrimage to the site of his chapel , where in the 1870s they built the Potter Memorial Chapel , and in 1886 created Murray Grove as a center of Universalism . Today Murray Grove is still a Unitarian Universalist retreat and conference center , celebrating the heritage of Potter , Murray and the early Universalists .
External links
Murray Grove Retreat & Conference Center - Thomas Potter farm site
Brown University Charter
Clergy of the Universalist Church of America
Place of birth missing
17th-century Christian universalists
18th-century Christian universalists
American Christian universalists
1689 births
1777 deaths
People from Lacey Township , New Jersey
Gerald Le Marescal was Bishop of Limerick in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
Biography
Formerly Archdeacon of Limerick he was elected bishop in 1272 and received possession of the temporalities on 17 January 1273 . Begly says that the king sent an order that he be consecrated by the Archbishop Cashel David Mac Cerbaill , O. Cist . but it is not clear whether this was Henry III who died on 16 November 1272 or his son Edward Longshanks .
Most of what we know of Gerald comes from references in the Black Book of Limerick and refer to several grants of land including one from Thomas de Clare , Lord of Thomond .
He died on 10 February 1302 .
References
Date of birth unknown
1302 deaths
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Roman Catholic bishops of Limerick
James Russell Spotts ( April 10 , 1909 – June 15 , 1964 ) was a Major League Baseball catcher .
Life and career
Spotts played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In three games , Spotts had no hits in 2 at-bats . He batted and threw right-handed .
Spotts was born in Honey Brook , Pennsylvania , and died in Medford , New Jersey .
External links
1909 births
1964 deaths
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Cumberland Colts players
Major League Baseball catchers
Marshall Thundering Herd baseball players
People from Honey Brook , Pennsylvania
People from Medford , New Jersey
Philadelphia Phillies players
Fati Jamali ( born 14 November 1992 ) is a Moroccan actress , singer and a television presenter best known as Miss Arab Beauty 2014 .
References
Living people
Moroccan beauty pageant winners
Moroccan female models
1988 births
Molten salt oxidation is a non-flame , thermal process that destroys all organic materials while simultaneously retaining inorganic and hazardous components in the melt . It is used as either hazardous waste treatment ( with air ) or energy harvesting similar to coal and wood gasification ( with steam ) .
The molten salt of choice has been sodium carbonate ( m.p 851°C ) , but other salts can be used . Sulfur , halogens , phosphorus and similar volatile pollutants are oxidized and retained in the melt . Most organic carbon content leaves as relatively pure CO//H2/H2O gas ( depending on the feed conditions , whether steam or air is used ) , and the effluent only requires a cold trap and a mild aqueous wash ( except mercury-containing wastes ) . It has been used for safe biological and chemical weapons destruction , and processing waste such as scrap tires where direct incineration/effluent treatment is difficult .
The major downside of the process compared to direct incineration is the eventual saturation of the melt by contaminants , and needing reprocessing/replacement .
See also
Recovery boiler - a technology with similar issues used in Kraft process chemical pulping of paper , though temperatures < 500°C
Waste management
Waste treatment technology
The 2023 Navarrese regional election will be held on Sunday , 28 May 2023 , to elect the 11th Parliament of the Chartered Community of Navarre . All 50 seats in the Parliament will be up for election . The election will be held simultaneously with regional elections in at least seven other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain .
Overview
Electoral system
The Parliament of Navarre is the devolved , unicameral legislature of the Chartered Community of Navarre , having legislative power in regional matters as defined by the Spanish Constitution and the Reintegration and Enhancement of the Foral Regime of Navarre Law , as well as the ability to vote confidence in or withdraw it from a regional president .
Voting is on the basis of universal suffrage , which comprises all nationals over 18 years of age , registered in Navarre and in full enjoyment of their political rights . The `` begged '' or expat vote system ( ) , requiring Navarrese people abroad to apply for voting before being permitted to vote , was repealed in 2022 . The 50 members of the Parliament of Navarre are elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation , with a threshold of three percent of valid votes—which includes blank ballots—being applied regionally . Parties not reaching the threshold are not taken into consideration for seat distribution .
Election date
The term of the Parliament of Navarre expires four years after the date of its previous election , unless it is dissolved earlier . The election decree shall be issued no later than the twenty-fifth day prior to the date of expiry of parliament and published on the following day in the Official Gazette of Navarre ( BON ) , with election day taking place on the fifty-fourth day from publication . The previous election was held on 26 May 2019 , which means that the legislature 's term will expire on 26 May 2023 . The election decree must be published in the BON no later than 2 May 2023 , with the election taking place on the fifty-fourth day from publication , setting the latest possible election date for the Parliament on Sunday , 25 June 2023 .
The president has the prerogative to dissolve the Parliament of Navarre and call a snap election , provided that no motion of no confidence is in process , no nationwide election is due and some time requirements are met : namely , that dissolution occur neither during the first legislative session or within the legislature 's last year ahead of its scheduled expiry , nor before one year has elapsed since a previous dissolution under this procedure . In the event of an investiture process failing to elect a regional president within a three-month period from the election date , the Parliament shall be automatically dissolved and a fresh election called .
Parliamentary composition
The table below shows the composition of the parliamentary groups in the Parliament at the present time .
Parties and candidates
The electoral law allows for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry , coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates . Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election are required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call , whereas groupings of electors need to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in Navarre , disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates .
Below is a list of the main parties and electoral alliances which will likely contest the election :
There was debate on whether the Navarra Suma ( NA+ ) alliance between the Navarrese People 's Union ( UPN ) , Citizens–Party of the Citizenry ( Cs ) and the People 's Party ( PP ) would be renewed ahead of the 2023 election , with some members within UPN advocating for their party to run under their own label instead while at most allowing some members from PP and Cs to be incorporated as independents within their lists .
UPN suffered a split following a troubling vote in the Congress of Deputies on the issue of labour reform on 3 February 2022 , when deputies Sergio Sayas and Carlos García Adanero broke party discipline and voted against the reform proposed by Pedro Sánchez 's government , almost succeeding in bringing it down despite the UPN leadership having pledged its support to the law . As a result , both Sayas and Adanero had their party membership suspended , who then pledged to run on their own under a brand-new platform . This was materialized during an event held on 14 June 2022 , when the platform—provisionally dubbed as `` Navarre Platform '' ( ) —was publicly announced , with the support of former high-ranking UPN officers such as former regional Development minister Luis Zarraluqui or former mayor of Estella Begoña Ganuza , among others .
Opinion polls
The tables below list opinion polling results in reverse chronological order , showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done , as opposed to the date of publication . Where the fieldwork dates are unknown , the date of publication is given instead . The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party 's colour . If a tie ensues , this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages . The `` Lead '' column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll .
Voting intention estimates
The table below lists weighted voting intention estimates . Refusals are generally excluded from the party vote percentages , while question wording and the treatment of `` do n't know '' responses and those not intending to vote may vary between polling organisations . When available , seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below ( or in place of ) the percentages in a smaller font ; 26 seats are required for an absolute majority in the Parliament of Navarre .
Voting preferences
The table below lists raw , unweighted voting preferences .
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Navarre
Navarre
2020s
A number of Allied ships were damaged by kamikaze attacks during World War II .
USS Aaron Ward ( DM-34 ) ( May 1945 )
USS Achernar ( AKA-53 ) ( April 1945 )
USS Achilles ( ARL-41 )
USS Alpine ( APA-92 )
USS Ammen ( DD-527 )
USS Anthony ( DD-515 )
USS Apache ( ATF-67 )
USS Bache ( DD-470 )
USS Barry ( DD-248 )
USS Belknap ( DD-251 )
USS Belleau Wood ( CVL-24 )
USS Bennett ( DD-473 )
USS Birmingham ( CL-62 )
USS Bowers ( DE-637 )
USS Borie ( DD-704 )
USS Braine ( DD-630 )
USS Bright ( DE-747 )
USS Brooks ( DD-232 )
USS Bryant ( DD-665 )
USS Bullard ( DD-660 )
USS Bunker Hill ( CV-17 )
USS Butler ( DD-636 )
USS Cabot ( CVL-28 )
USS Caldwell ( DD-605 )
USS California ( BB-44 )
USS Callaway ( APA-35 )
USS Cassin Young ( DD-793 )
USS Champion ( AM-314 )
USS Chase ( DE-158 )
USS Claxton ( DD-571 )
USS Colorado ( BB-45 )
USS Columbia ( CL-56 )
USS Comfort ( AH-6 )
USS Cowell ( DD-547 )
USS Daly ( DD-519 )
USS Devilfish ( SS-292 )
USS Dickerson ( DD-157 )
USS Dorsey ( DD-117 )
USS Douglas H. Fox ( DD-779 )
USS DuPage ( APA-41 )
USS England ( DE-635 )
USS Enterprise ( CV-6 )
USS Essex ( CV-9 )
USS Evans ( DD-552 )
USS Facility ( AM-233 )
USS Forrest ( DD-461 )
USS Franklin ( CV-13 )
USS Gansevoort ( DD-608 )
USS Gilligan ( DE-508 )
USS Gregory ( DD-802 )
USS Guest ( DD-472 )
USS Gwin ( DM-33 )
USS Haggard ( DD-555 )
USS Halloran ( DE-305 )
USS Hambleton ( DD-455 )
USS Hancock ( CV-19 )
USS Hank ( DD-702 )
USS Haraden ( DD-585 )
USS Harding ( DD-625 )
USS Haynsworth ( DD-700 )
USS Hazelwood ( DD-531 )
USS Henrico ( APA-45 )
USS Hinsdale ( APA-120 )
USS Hobson ( DD-464 )
USS Hodges ( DE-231 )
USS Hopkins ( DD-249 )
USS Hornet ( CV-8 ) 1942 Battle of Santa Cruz in the first Kamikaze attack
USS Howorth ( DD-592 )
USS Hughes ( DD-410 )
USS Hunt ( DD-674 )
USS Hyman ( DD-732 )
USS Ingraham ( DD-694 )
USS Intrepid ( CV-11 )
USS Isherwood ( DD-520 )
USS J. William Ditter ( DM-31 )
USS Kadashan Bay ( CVE-76 )
USS Kalinin Bay ( CVE-68 )
USS Keokuk ( CMc-6 )
USS Kidd ( DD-661 )
USS Kimberly ( DD-521 )
USS Kitkun Bay ( CVE-71 )
SS Kyle V. Johnson
USS La Grange ( APA-124 )
USS Laffey ( DD-724 )
USS Lamson ( DD-367 )
USS Leutze ( DD-481 )
USS Liddle ( DE-206 )
USS Lindsey ( DM-32 )
USS Long ( DD-209/DMS-12 )
USS Louisville ( CA-28 )
USS Loy ( DE-160 )
USS LSM ( R ) -189
USS LST-884
USS Mahnomen County ( LST-912 )
USS Manila Bay ( CVE-61 )
USS Marcus Island ( CVE-77 )
USS Maryland ( BB-46 )
USS Mississippi ( BB-41 )
USS Montpelier ( CL-57 )
USS Morris ( DD-417 )
USS Mullany ( DD-528 )
USS Nashville ( CL-43 )
USS Natoma Bay ( CVE-62 )
USS Nevada ( BB-36 )
USS New Mexico ( BB-40 )
USS New York ( BB-34 )
USS Newcomb ( DD-586 )
USS O'Neill ( DE-188 )
USS Orestes ( AGP-10 )
USS Pathfinder ( AGS-1 )
USS Pinkney ( APH-2 )
USS Prichett ( DD-561 )
USS Purdy ( DD-734 )
USS Rall ( DE-304 )
USS Ralph Talbot ( DD-390 )
USS Randolph ( CV-15 )
USS Ransom ( AM-283 )
USS Rathburne ( DD-113 )
USS Rednour ( APD-102 )
USS Reno ( CL-96 )
USS Riddle ( DE-185 )
USS Rodman ( DD-456/DMS-21 )
USS Roper ( DD-147 )
USS Salamaua ( CVE-96 )
USS Samuel S. Miles ( DE-183 )
USS Sandoval ( APA-194 )
USS Sangamon ( CVE-26 )
USS Santee ( CVE-29 )
USS Savo Island ( CVE-78 )
USS Sederstrom ( DE-31 )
USS Shubrick ( DD-639 )
USS Sims ( DE-154 )
USS Smith ( DD-378 ) 1942 Battle of Santa Cruz in the first Kamikaze attack
USS Sonoma ( AT-12 )
USS Southard ( DD-207 )
USS Spectacle ( AM-305 )
USS St. George ( AV-16 )
USS St . Lo ( CVE-63 ) 1943 Battle of Leyte Gulf as the first warship sunk by a Kamikaze attack
USS St. Louis ( CL-49 )
USS Stafford ( DE-411 )
USS Suwannee ( CVE-27 )
USS Taluga ( AO-62 )
USS Telfair ( APA-210 )
USS Tennessee ( BB-43 )
USS Terror ( CM-5 )
USS Thatcher ( DD-514 )
USS Ticonderoga ( CV-14 )
USS Tyrrell ( AKA-80 )
HMS Venerable ( R63 )
USS Wadsworth ( DD-516 )
USS Walke ( DD-723 )
USS Wesson ( DE-184 )
USS White Plains ( CVE-66 )
USS Whitehurst ( DE-634 )
USS William D. Porter ( DD-579 )
USS Wilson ( DD-408 )
USS Witter ( DE-636 )
USS Zeilin ( APA-3 )
References
LST 447
Kamikaze
Kamikaze
The Lithuanian census of 1923 was performed on September 17–23 , several years after Lithuania re-established its independence in 1918 . It was mandated by the Constituent Assembly of Lithuania in 1922 . The census counted the total population of 2,028,971 . It was the only census in interwar Lithuania . The next census was carried out in 1959 as part of the Soviet census .
The census results were organized into `` enumeration territories '' that followed county borders ; of the 24 enumeration territories , four were cities that had been granted county rights ( Kaunas , Šiauliai , Panevėžys , and Vilkmergė ) . Populations in the Vilnius Region , which had been incorporated into the Second Polish Republic , and the Klaipėda Region , annexed by Lithuania in 1923 , were not counted . The census cost 605,600 litai . Its 3,100 investigators consisted of civil servants and students enrolled in higher education . The data were transmitted to the Central Bureau of Statistics via telegraph and telephones . Results were published in statistical bulletins during 1924 and 1925 , followed by a more public presentation in the Lithuanian and French languages in 1926 .
The census found that 15.8 % lived in towns with populations over 2,000 and about 75 % of the population was employed in the agricultural sector . There were 27 cities , 241 towns , and 16,388 villages . 44.1 % of the population was illiterate , including 32.6 % of those over 10 years of age . A determination of ethnicity was made on the basis of language . The census found the population was 83.9 % Lithuanian , 7.6 % Jewish , 3.2 % Polish , 2.5 % Russian , 1.4 % German , 0.4 % Latvian , 0.2 % Belarusian , and 0.8 % others . The Polish Election Committee disputed the census ' ethnic composition findings , stating that Poles comprised 10 % of the population and Lithuanians 76.4 % . The higher results were based on votes cast for Polish political candidates in the 1923 Lithuanian elections , which would put the Polish population at about 202,000 or between 9.5–10 % of the population , if one interprets the election results in a way that anyone who voted for a Polish candidate must necessarily be a Pole .
See also
Soviet Census ( 1970 )
Soviet Census ( 1989 )
References
1923 in Lithuania
1923
Lithuania
The Spontaneous Music Ensemble ( SME ) was a loose collection of free improvising musicians , convened in 1965 by the now late South London-based jazz drummer/trumpeter John Stevens and alto and soprano saxophonist Trevor Watts . SME performances and recordings could range from Stevens–Watts duos to gatherings of more than a dozen players .
Ethos
As critic Brian Olewnick writes , the SME emphasised an `` extremely open , leaderless aspect where a premium was placed on careful and considered listening on the part of the musicians . Saxophonist Evan Parker observed that Stevens had two basic rules : ( 1 ) If you ca n't hear another musician , you 're playing too loud , and ( 2 ) if the music you 're producing does n't regularly relate to what you 're hearing others create , why be in the group ? This led to the development of what would jocularly become known as 'insect improv ' – music that tended to be very quiet , very intense , arrhythmic , and by and large atonal . ''
History
The SME began an intensive six nights per week residency at the Little Theatre Club in London in January 1966 and recorded their first album Challenge the following month .
One can loosely divide the group 's history into two periods : the more horn-oriented earlier ensembles ( typically with some combination of Watts , saxophonist Evan Parker and trumpeter Kenny Wheeler ) , and the later string-based ensembles with guitarist Roger Smith ( who became as central to the second edition of SME as Watts was to the first ) and violinist Nigel Coombes . The transitional point is the quartet album Biosystem ( Incus , 1977 ) , which also featured cellist Colin Wood .
Countless other musicians passed through the SME over the years , including Derek Bailey , Paul Rutherford , Maggie Nichols , Dave Holland , Barry Guy , Peter Kowald and Kent Carter . The final edition of the group was a trio of Stevens , Smith , and the saxophonist John Butcher , a configuration documented on A New Distance ( 1994 ) .
Inspired both by American free jazz and by the radical , abstract music of AMM , as well as influences as diverse as Anton Webern and Samuel Beckett ( two Stevens touchstones ) , the SME kept at least a measure of jazz in their sound , though this became less audible in the later `` string '' ensembles .
Stevens ' death in 1994 brought an end to the SME .
Discography
Challenge ( 1966 , Eyemark Records ; reissued on Emanem Records ) ( featuring Kenny Wheeler , Paul Rutherford , Trevor Watts , Bruce Cale , Jeff Clyne , John Stevens ) ( plus Evan Parker & Chris Cambridge on track 10 )
Karyobin ( 1968 , Island Records ; reissued 1993 on Chronoscope ) ( featuring John Stevens , Evan Parker , Kenny Wheeler , Derek Bailey , Dave Holland )
Frameworks ( 1968/1971/1973 , Emanem Records ) ( featuring various lineups , including Stevens , Norma Winstone , Trevor Watts , Kenny Wheeler , Paul Rutherford , Julie Tippetts , Ron Herman )
John Stevens/Spontaneous Music Ensemble ( 1969 , Marmalade Records ) ( featuring John Stevens , Kenny Wheeler , Derek Bailey , Trevor Watts , Peter Lemer , Johnny Dyani , Maggie Nichols , Carolann Nichols , Pepi Lemer )
The Source – From and Towards ( 1971 , Tangent Records ) ( recorded 18 November 1970 ; featuring Trevor Watts , Ray Warleigh , Brian Smith , Ken ( sic ) Wheeler , Bob Norden , Chris Pyne , Mick Pyne , Ron Mathewson , Marcio Mattos , John Stevens )
So What Do You Think ? ( 1971 , Tangent Records ) ( featuring John Stevens , Trevor Watts , Kenny Wheeler , Derek Bailey , Dave Holland )
Birds of a Feather ( 1971 , BYG Records ( featuring John Stevens , Trevor Watts , Ron Herman , Julie Tippetts [ Driscoll ] )
Bobby Bradford , John Stevens and the Spontaneous Music Ensemble Live Vols . 1 & 2 ( 1971 , Nessa Records )
1.2 . Albert Ayler ( 1971 , Affinity ) ( featuring John Stevens , Trevor Watts , Ron Herman , Julie Tippetts )
Face to Face ( 1973 , Emanem Records ) ( featuring John Stevens and Trevor Watts )
Quintessence ( 1973–74 , Emanem Records ) ( featuring John Stevens , Trevor Watts , Evan Parker , Derek Bailey , Kent Carter )
Biosystem ( 1977 , Incus Records ; reissued by Psi Records in 2006 with additional material ) ( featuring John Stevens , Nigel Coombes , Roger Smith , Colin Wood )
Hot and Cold Heroes ( 1980/91 , Emanem Records ) ( featuring John Stevens , Nigel Coombes , Roger Smith )
A New Distance ( 1994 , Acta ; reissued by Emanem Records in 2005 with additional material from 1993 ) ( featuring John Stevens , John Butcher , Roger Smith )
References
External links
EFI page for John Stevens
EFI page for Trevor Watts
Interview with John Butcher by Jon Morgan ( containing detailed discussion of Stevens and SME )
Interview with Roger Smith ( containing anecdotal material on Stevens and SME )
Free jazz ensembles
Free improvisation ensembles
Island Records artists
Nessa Records artists
Musical groups disestablished in 1994
Emanem Records artists
Avant-garde jazz ensembles
Incus Records artists
William Ryan Dawson ( 24 August 1927 – 8 March 2020 ) was an American zoologist and ornithologist and emeritus professor of zoology at the University of Michigan . He is known in the field of ornithology for his comparative studies on desert and closely related non-desert birds in the south-western United States , Mexico and Australia .
Early life and education
He was born in Los Angeles and graduated from the University of California at Los Angeles in 1949 , was awarded Master of Arts in 1950 and a Ph.D. in 1953 . He was later awarded Doctor of Science by the University of Western Australia in 1971 .
Career
He joined the faculty of zoology at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , where he worked from 1953 to 1994 , being appointed professor in 1962 and D.E.S . Brown Professor of Biological Science in 1981 . He was also director of the Museum of Zoology at the University from 1982 to 1993 . He was a emeritus professor at Michigan from 1994 onwards .
He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1963 . He took part in a number of expeditions , including the R/V Alpha Helix New Guinea Expedition in 1969 , the R/V Dolphin Gulf of California Expedition in 1976 and the R/V Alpha Helix Galapagos Expedition of 1978 .
As a keen ornithologist he was a member of the American Ornithological Union and the Cooper Ornithological Society . He was the 1996 recipient of the Cooper Ornithological Society 's Loye and Alden Miller Research Award , which is given in recognition of lifetime achievement in ornithological research .
References
1927 births
2020 deaths
People from Los Angeles
American ornithologists
University of Michigan faculty
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
University of Western Australia alumni
American expatriates in Australia
Yukarıçatma is a village in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Serik District
James Durcan is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Castlebar Mitchels . Along with his twin brother Paddy Durcan , James has appeared in both the 2014 All-Ireland Senior Club Football final and the 2016 All-Ireland Senior Club Football final with his club Castlebar Mitchels .
He started his first game for the Mayo Senior Football team against Limerick in the 2018 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and scored a notable goal against Tipperary .
References
Living people
Mayo Gaelic footballers
1994 births
The 2004 Open SEAT Godó , also known as the Torneo Godó , was a men 's professional tennis tournament that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour . It was the 52nd edition of the Torneo Godó and took place from 24 April until 2 May 2004 in Barcelona , Spain . Eighth-seeded Tommy Robredo won the singles title .
Finals
Singles
Tommy Robredo defeated Gastón Gaudio 6–3 , 4–6 , 6–2 , 3–6 , 6–3
It was Robredo 's 1st singles title of the year and the 2nd of his career .
Doubles
Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor defeated Mariano Hood / Sebastián Prieto 4–6 , 6–3 , 6–4
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
2004
2004 ATP Tour
Kate Mailer ( born August 18 , 1962 ) is an American stage and film actress and daughter of American author-playwright Norman Mailer and third wife , journalist Lady Jeanne Campbell , daughter of the 11th Duke of Argyll and his first wife , The Honourable Janet Gladys Aitken . Her work includes roles on stage in the Anton Chekhov play The Cherry Orchard , and on film in Jean-Luc Godard 's adaptation of the William Shakespeare play King Lear with Burgess Meredith ( 1987 ) and in W. T. Morgan 's A Matter of Degrees with Arye Gross ( 1990 ) . She has since become a writer .
References
External links
New York Times Movies section filmography
New York Times Theater section review of The Cherry Orchard
1962 births
American people of South African-Jewish descent
Jewish American actresses
Aitken family
Living people
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Alois Kvitek ( 14 October 1888 – 1967 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1908 .
References
External links
1888 births
1967 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Pentti Koskela ( born 27 November 1945 ) is a Finnish former ice hockey goaltender and Olympian .
Koskela played with Team Finland at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble , France . He previously played for Ilves Tampere in SM-Liiga .
References
1945 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Finnish ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey people from Tampere
Splash Amarillo Waterpark was a family-friendly waterpark located in Amarillo , Texas . It was originally built as FireWater Waterpark in May 2000 . It sat on a site just half a mile down Interstate 40 from the Big Texan Steak Ranch . Attractions consisted of a wave pool , long lazy river , a tower housing six separate slides , kids pool , and kids play tower . It also features a gift shop , concession stand , volleyball courts , and an arcade . It closed in 2016 , and all the slides will be relocated to a new park in Plainview called Royal Splash Texas , which will open in 2017 .
History
Construction
Groundbreaking for the formerly named FireWater Waterpark began on May 7 , 1999 . It was constructed at a cost of $ 3.7 million on a site , but it itself would only cover of the complex . Missouri Valley Inc. of Amarillo was the general contractor of the project . The construction was completed well before the set opening date of May 6 , 2000 .
Bankruptcy
FireWater Waterpark came under scrutiny in 2002 after it failed to repay loans taken during the original construction of the park . While park president Gary Abramson claimed to be in the process of securing long-term financial backing for it , Satana Corporation sued it for $ 2.16 million . The suit claimed it signed a promissory note and that investors even ignored written payment demands sent directly to them . Eventually , it was forced into bankruptcy after Missouri Valley Inc. filed a bankruptcy petition . It was reopened in May 2003 under completely new management and ownership and renamed Splash Amarillo .
Fire
In July 2009 , the park experienced a fire inside a building which houses lockers , dressing rooms , restrooms , a concession stand , and maintenance room . Over 200 park patrons were forced to evacuate after witnesses reported a water heater had caught on fire . The fire caused over $ 70,000 in damage after spreading from the first floor to the attic . Park president Paul Johnson claimed that the building was not insured . As of June 2011 , it has been refurbished and is functioning again .
See also
List of water parks
References
External links
Splash Amarillo
Defunct amusement parks in Texas
Water parks in Texas
Culture of Amarillo , Texas
Tourist attractions in Amarillo , Texas
Buildings and structures in Amarillo , Texas
2000 establishments in Texas
Anwar Al-Aug ( Arabic : انور العوج ; born 5 February 1986 ) is a Yemeni football goalkeeper who is currently playing for Al-Ittihad Ibb .
Honours
Country
Yemen U17
FIFA U-17 World Cup
Group Stage : 2003
[ [ 2002 AFC U-17 Championship|AFC U-17 Championship ] ]
Runner-up : 2002 AFC U-17 Championship
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Yemeni footballers
Yemen international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Al-Ittihad SCC ( Ibb ) players
Yemeni League players
Alexandru Vlahuță ( formerly Pleșești ) is a commune in Vaslui County , Western Moldavia , Romania . The commune is named for native son , writer Alexandru Vlahuță ( 1858-1919 ) . It is composed of four villages : Alexandru Vlahuță , Buda , Ghicani and Morăreni . It also administers Dealu Secării and Florești villages , legally part of Poienești Commune . Moreover , it included Ibănești , Mânzați and Puțu Olarului villages until 2003 , when these were split off to form Ibănești Commune .
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Carl of Sweden - English also often : Charles ; Swedish also officially : Karl - may refer to :
Carl III to Carl VI , regal ordinals used only according to fictitious lists of Swedish kings
Charles VII of Sweden , actually Carl I , King of Sweden 1161-1167
Charles VIII of Sweden , actually Carl II , King of Sweden 15th century ( and of Norway as Carl I )
Charles IX of Sweden , Carl IX , King of Sweden 1604-1611
Charles X Gustav of Sweden , Carl X Gustav , King of Sweden 1654-1660
Charles XI of Sweden , Carl XI , King of Sweden 1660-1697
Charles XII of Sweden , Carl XII , King of Sweden 1697-1718
Charles XIII of Sweden , Carl XIII , King of Sweden 1809-1818 ( and of Norway as Carl II )
Charles XIV John of Sweden , Carl XIV John , King of Sweden 1818-1844 ( and of Norway as Carl III John )
Charles XV of Sweden , Carl XV , King of Sweden 1859-1872 ( and of Norway as Carl IV )
Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden , Carl XVI Gustaf , King of Sweden from 1973
Carl , Prince of Sweden circa 1182 , son of King Sverker II of Sweden or Sweartgar II
Carl , Prince of Sweden 1470 , son of King Charles VIII of Sweden or Carl II
Carl , Prince of Sweden 1544 , son of King Gustav I of Sweden ( died in infancy )
Charles Philip , Duke of Södermanland or Carl Philip , Prince of Sweden 1601
Carl Gustav , Prince of Sweden 1686 , son of King Charles XI of Sweden or Carl XI ( died in infancy )
Charles Frederick , Duke of Holstein-Gottorp , Carl Frederick , Swedish prince 1700 and/or pretender to the throne
Prince Carl Gustav , Duke of Småland 1782 , son of till King Gustav III ( died in infancy )
Carl Adolph , Prince of Sweden 1798 , son of King Charles XIII of Sweden , Carl XIII ( died in infancy )
Carl Gustav , Prince of Sweden 1802 , son of till King Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden ( died in infancy )
Charles August , Crown Prince of Sweden , Carl August , Crown Prince of Sweden 1810
Prince Carl Oscar , Duke of Södermanland , Prince of Sweden and Norway 1852
Prince Carl , Duke of Västergötland , Prince of Sweden and Norway 1861
Carl , Prince Bernadotte , Prince of Sweden 1911
Carl Johan Bernadotte ( legal name ) , Prince of Sweden 1916
Prince Carl Philip , Duke of Värmland , Prince of Sweden 1979
Carl Duncan may refer to :
Carl Porter Duncan ( 1921–1999 ) , professor of experimental psychology
Carl D. Duncan , botanist and entomologist
Henry Aldrich , Editor is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Hugh Bennett and written by Muriel Roy Bolton and Val Burton . The film stars Jimmy Lydon , Charles Smith , John Litel , Olive Blakeney , Rita Quigley and Vaughan Glaser . The film was released in September 1942 , by Paramount Pictures .
Plot
Henry Aldrich is the newspaper editor at his high school , his objective is to double newspaper circulation . Henry finds his chance when a warehouse fire occurs and he meets a newspaper man that teaches him how to manipulate stories so they are more interesting . After hinting that there was something sinister about the fire and releasing the newspaper , the story spreads fast . As he continues to cover fires , people start believing he is the arsonist .
Cast
Jimmy Lydon as Henry Aldrich
Charles Smith as Dizzy Stevens
John Litel as Mr. Samuel W. Aldrich
Olive Blakeney as Mrs. Alice Aldrich
Rita Quigley as Martha Daley
Vaughan Glaser as Mr. Bradley
Charles Halton as Elias Noonan
Francis Pierlot as Nero Smith
Cliff Clark as Fire Chief
Fern Emmett as Miss Bryant
Maude Eburne as Mrs. Norris
William Halligan as Norman Kenly
Ray Walker as Jack Lewis
Oscar O'Shea as Judge Sanders
Leon Belasco as Leon Brink
Chester Clute as Clerk in drug store
Paul Matthews as Robert Allen
Edgar Dearing as McLean
Matt McHugh as Charlie
Frank M. Thomas as Mayor
References
External links
1942 films
The Aldrich Family films
American black-and-white films
Paramount Pictures films
American comedy films
1942 comedy films
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Hugh Bennett
1940s American films
Herberto Dumé ( 1929 – 8 April 2003 ) is best known for his theater direction .
Biography
Herberto Dumé was born in Matanzas , Cuba , in 1929 and graduated from the National Academy of the Performing Arts in 1950 . He began his career as a theater director in 1955 and in 1959 became the director of the Teatro Nacional de Cuba , where he founded the theater company Grupo Guernica . Dumé left Cuba for exile in Spain in 1965 and soon after settled in New York .
In 1969 , with the support and sponsorship of the New York State Council on the Arts , Dumé , José Corrales , and Edy Sánchez founded Dumé Spanish Theater in a small basement in the Greenwich Village area of New York City . The Dumé Spanish Theater staged plays in Spanish as well as poetry recitals , art exhibitions , lectures , and other cultural activities . When Dumé moved to Miami in 1978 , Silvia Brito took over the Dumé Spanish Theater and renamed it Thalia Spanish Theatre .
Dumé is also known for his one-man poetry recitals . He staged plays by writers from Bernard Shaw and Henrik Ibsen to Cuban playwrights Abelardo Estorino , José Triana , and Virgilio Piñera . Dumé died on 8 April 2003 , in Miami .
Notes and references
External links
The Herberto Dumé papers are available at the Cuban Heritage Collection , University of Miami Libraries . The Herberto Dumé papers document the work of theater director Herberto Dumé ( 1929-2003 ) primarily during his years in exile from Cuba . The collection primarily includes the scripts of plays that Dumé directed along with photographs , clippings , programs , reviews , and records related to the Dumé Spanish Theater .
Selected items from the Herberto Dumé papers are available through the University of Miami Libraries Digital Collections portal .
Creator page for Herberto Dumé in the Cuban Theater Digital Archive
Dumé Spanish Theater ( WorldCat Identities ) .
1929 births
2003 deaths
Cuban theatre directors
Cuban dramatists and playwrights
Cuban male writers
Male dramatists and playwrights
Cuban emigrants to the United States
Exiles of the Cuban Revolution in the United States
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
Exiles of the Cuban Revolution in Spain
20th-century male writers
Khuahung ( formerly known as Lenang Khua ) is a village located near Kadi and Hla ut streams , and belongs to Matupi township in the southern part of the Chin State of Myanmar . This village belongs to Ta Aw Khumi 's tribe and spoke in Khumi dialect .
The village was founded by Mr. Lenang around 1921 . Khuahung was neighboring with Boiring village before , Daihnan village was created between these two villages . Now Khuahung , Boiring and the newly created Daihnan villages are annexed to one group . In 1974 , Daihan village took the land from Khuahung and Boiring since then it is still disputing with claim of lands in these areas .
Populated places in Chin State
Övündü , Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Aline was the first settlement of Latter-day Saints in what is today Teton County , Idaho . It was formed in 1888 . However , by 1901 it was overshadowed as the main town by Driggs , Idaho and virtually ceased to exist .
References
Populated places in Teton County , Idaho
Ghost towns in Idaho
Populated places established in 1888
Las Jaworski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
References
Las Jaworski
Bellingham High School is a public high school in the Bellingham School District located in Bellingham , Washington . The school serves students primarily from the Whatcom Middle School and Kulshan Middle School attendance areas .
History
Bellingham High School was dedicated on February 25 , 1938 . It cost $ 912,028.63 and took 417,026 man hours to build .
The school was closed for two years starting in June 1998 for a massive renovation which involved gutting the entire building and even demolishing some portions . Special care was taken to preserve the art deco facade on the west side of the building .
From its inception the school mascot was the `` Red Raider '' , a Native American chief with a massive war bonnet . In the years leading up to the school 's renovation there were several occasions where questions were raised about the cultural appropriateness of such a mascot . When the school re-opened In 2000 after a two-year closure the mascot was changed to a bird of prey , but the mascot and team name `` Red Raider '' remained . Beginning in 2022 , the school mascot was changed to the Bayhawks .
Academics
Bellingham High School offers a curriculum including Advanced Placement courses and other classes to prepare students for college , as well as offering the Running Start program which allows students to complete their high school diploma and earn college credit by attending Bellingham Technical College and/or Whatcom Community College .
Athletics
Bellingham , competing in the Washington Interscholastic Activities Association 's Northwest Conference , participates in thirteen varsity sports : baseball , basketball , cross-country , fastpitch , football , golf , gymnastics , soccer , swimming , tennis , track , volleyball , and wrestling . In 2021 , the school adopted a new mascot , the Bayhawks .
Activities
Bellingham offers students a wide variety of activities and clubs including Band , BAM , Cheerleading , Chess Club , Choir , Color Guard , Dance Team , Debate , DECA , Drama Club , Engineering Club , Environmental Club , FBLA , German Club , Gay/Straight Alliance , Honor Society , IAM , Key Club , Literary Arts Magazine , Math Team , Orchestra , Stage Crew and production , Teen Court , and Yearbook .
Notable alumni
Cliff Chambers , Former MLB player ( Chicago Cubs , Pittsburgh Pirates , St. Louis Cardinals )
Stephen S. Oswald , NASA astronaut .
Cuddles Marshall , Former MLB player ( New York Yankees , St. Louis Browns )
Roger Repoz , Former MLB player ( New York Yankees , Kansas City Athletics , California Angels )
Kevin Richardson , Major League Baseball player .
Steve Alvord , National Football League player .
Harriett Davenport , Los Angeles , California , City Council member , 1953–55
Lee Boyd Malvo , one of the D.C. snipers
References
External links
Bellingham High School
OSPI School Report Card , 2012-13
High schools in Whatcom County , Washington
Educational institutions established in 1938
Schools in Bellingham , Washington
Public high schools in Washington ( state )
1938 establishments in Washington ( state )
The Mount Airy News is a six-day-a-week newspaper published in Mount Airy , North Carolina , United States . It was established in 1880 . The News has a circulation of 9,263 according to The Park Library 's list of North Carolina newspapers . It is one of several newspapers serving Surry County , along with The Tribune in Elkin and The Pilot of Pilot Mountain .
History
The News , The Tribune , and The Pilot all have the same corporate parent . In June 2007 , both The News and The Tribune were part of a sale from Mid-South Management Co. , Inc. to Heartland Publications , LLC of Connecticut .
Mount Airy had two newspapers until around 1980 , when the weekly Mount Airy Times was bought by the News . In 2007 , the city again had two papers with The Messenger and The Mount Airy News . However , after attempting several different publication schedules , The Messenger closed less than three years later , shutting its doors in 2010 .
The Mount Airy News was published seven days a week . On April 9 , 2012 , The News ceased publication of its Monday edition . The paper now publishes Tuesday through Sunday .
In 2012 Versa Capital Management merged Heartland Publications , Ohio Community Media , the former Freedom papers it had acquired , and Impressions Media into a new company , Civitas Media . Civitas Media sold its properties in the Carolinas to Champion Media in 2017 . Later in 2017 , Champion Media sold its Mount Airy area newspapers to Adams Publishing Group .
See also
List of newspapers in North Carolina
External links
The Mount Airy News current homepage
The Mount Airy News issues from 1917-1929
References
Daily newspapers published in North Carolina
Surry County , North Carolina
The House at 380 Chiltern Drive is a historic house located at 380 Chiltern Drive in the Deerpath Hill Estates development in Lake Forest , Illinois . Developer Henry K. Turnbull and architect Stanley D. Anderson , the planners of the original Deerpath Hill Estates development , built and designed the house in 1930 as part of the development 's second addition . The house has a French Norman Revival design in keeping with the revivalist styles used throughout the development ; its design features a stair tower , steep roofs with flared eaves , and wall dormers with casement windows . The house is the only one built and designed by Turnbull and Anderson in the second addition and was the last house built by the duo before the Great Depression bankrupted Turnbull .
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 12 , 2006 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Houses completed in 1930
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County , Illinois
Houses in Lake County , Illinois
Erica Anderson is a fictional character in the 2011 video game Catherine .
Concept and creation
Erica 's features are generally feminine , but her eyes bear resemblance more to male characters ' . She exhibits dominant body language as well as body language that demonstrates sexual confidence . Characters in Catherine behave in a transphobic fashion towards Erica , directly and indirectly . Characters react with disgust to the idea of one character having sex with her and she is referred to by her deadname at multiple points , both in-universe and in the game 's credits . Erica is also subject to nightmares that are said to only affect men .
Appearances
Erica appears in a side mode of Catherine : Full Body as a playable character . A downloadable costume based on Erica was made available in Persona 5 for Haru Okumura , one of its playable characters .
Reception
Since appearing in Catherine , Erica has received mixed to negative reception . Atlus received criticism for Erica 's depiction of a trans character , with writer Matt Kim suggesting that her coming out scene was used to embarrass Toby , who had sex with her . Writer Mattie Brice was critical of Erica , calling her an `` extremely problematic character . '' She felt that the hints that exist of her gender , when viewed in hindsight , come off as malicious . She particularly cites characters ' aversion to her and disparaging of her femininity . She felt however that her actual character is great and relatable , but the way she is framed in the game `` does n't provide any optimism for trans-folk and their allies . '' The Guardians Matt Kamen agreed on the hints , stating that the game `` [ reflects ] the real fears and stigmas trans people face . ''
Writer Ana Valens was hopeful that Erica might be improved with Full Body , but was disappointed to discover that it was even worse . She cites a scene where Erica does not transition , with an ending that is meant to be an `` ideal '' world for everyone . She suggests that this implies that not transitioning is better for her . Writer Caty McCarthy felt that Erica came off as well-rounded until her coming out was treated like a joke . Writer Sam Greer agreed that she felt like her status as a trans woman is treated like a joke . GamesRadar 's Kimberley Ballard criticized Erica as a `` fetish '' character . Writer Astrid Johnson felt that Atlus was `` hamfisted '' with how they wrote Erica and felt that she was oversexualized , but was overall pleased with her character , citing her steadfast and distinct personality . However , she was critical of the fact that she received dreams that only men received , claiming it suggests that she is actually a man . Writer Carol Grant was similarly put off by this plot , also criticizing a line where Toby claims that the sex he had with Erica felt `` weird . '' She suggests that this is a part of a greater problem with Catherine , which she claims features characters who fit gender types , such as one woman being the `` nagging shrew '' archetype . A Nightmare Mode writer felt that the nightmare plot point was a punishment by the game 's antagonist for Erica having sex with Toby , which they compare to real-life violence trans people experience in similar situations .
Japanese audiences received Erica more positively . Other writers were more receptive to Erica . Writer Charlotte Cutts was pleased with her character and personality , but disappointed with Atlus ' handling of her trans status . Writer Pixie the Fairy , in an article on Destructoid , was more positive on the character . They noted that the other characters did not choose to out her as transgender , and praised the portrayal for its positive effects on people who are yet to come out . A fellow Destructoid writer , Ben Davis , felt that Erica was handled respectfully , and that while Toby is surprised by this , describes his reaction as joking in a friendly way . Advocate listed Erica in their list of the best LGBT characters in video games . Writer Kazuma Hashimoto discussed Erica in the context of Japanese trans people . He discusses the nightmare plot , showing her in the dream world expressing distress that she can not birth children . He notes that this comes off as transphobic to global audiences but touches upon a `` deeply Japanese '' issue with outdated laws which require that trans people undergo gender affirming surgery if they transition . He also discusses a culture that views womanhood as having the ability to give birth . As such , he claims that this harms Erica 's ability to be perceived as a woman . He also discusses how her deadnaming may reflect the fact past and present laws that prevent unmarried trans people from changing their names . He discusses how her treatment in-game is reflective of transphobia and sexism in Japanese media , while noting that cultural differences may result in a character being received differently in one country than the other .
References
Atlus characters
Female characters in video games
Fictional transgender women
Fictional waiting staff
LGBT characters in video games
Video game characters introduced in 2011
Esporte Clube Santo André , commonly referred to as simply Santo André , is a Brazilian association football club in Santo André , São Paulo . They currently play in the Série D , the fourth tier of Brazilian football , as well as in the Campeonato Paulista , São Paulo 's premier state league .
Santo André greatest rival is São Caetano , the other team in ABC region . The club 's mascot name is Ramalhão ( `` Big Ramalho '' ) after João Ramalho , the bandeirante who founded the city of Santo André in 1553 .
History
Santo André was founded on September 18 , 1967 , by people that wanted to have a team in their city representing the professional football of the Municipality .
The first Santo André directorship was elected on October 4 , 1967 , and was composed by the following members : Newton Brandão , the President ; Wigand dos Santos , Antonio Ferreira dos Santos and Hildebrando Mota Carneiro , the vice-presidents ; Nelson Cerchiari and Durval Daniel , secretaries ; Matheus Guimarães Jr. and João Manha , the treasurers .
The first official match of the club took place on April 8 , 1968 , at Américo Guazzelli stadium in a friendly match against Santos . Pelé did not play , but watched the game and participated in the festivities . Santo André won 2 - 1 .
In 1984 Santo André were invited to play in Série A based on their State Championship performance . The team reached the third round ( ranked 10th overall ) , but were not invited to compete the following year as the criteria changed .
Santo André next made headlines in 2003 when the team finished as runners-up to Ituano in Série C and thus were promoted to Série B .
In 2004 , Santo André won their first national title when they defeated Flamengo in the Copa do Brasil final , gaining the right to compete in the following year 's Copa Libertadores de América . Their first season in Série B was over before it started as the team was docked 12 points for playing an ineligible player . This meant at the time of the Copa do Brasil success their point tally on the local tournament was negative . The team recovered to comfortably avoid relegation .
In 2008 Santo André were runners-up to Corinthians in the Série B and thus earned promotion to Série A . After a hard-fought campaign Santo André were relegated back to Série B on the last day of the season .
The 2010 Paulista State Championship proved to be a highly successful campaign . The team finished second in the table behind Santos after a mid season seven match winning streak put them in a commanding position . In the playoffs Santo André overcame Grêmio Prudente , before facing the all conquering Santos team who had scored nearly 100 goals already in all competitions . The first game ended in a 3-2 victory for Santos despite Santo André having a man sent off . The second match on May 2 , 2010 , proved to be an epic encounter as Santo André leveled the tie in the first minute , before being pegged back . A thrilling game finally ended 3-2 to Santo André ( 5-5 on aggregate ) and saw three red cards given to Santos , and one to Santo André . Despite hitting the post twice , Santo André could not break down a professional Santos rear guard action . Santos thus won the title due to their superior overall record .
Santo André slipped into free fall and were relegated to Série C in 2010 and almost relegated to the Série D in 2011 .
Achievements
Copa do Brasil : 1
2004
Brazilian Championship Serie B : 0
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2008
Brazilian Championship Serie C : 0
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2003
Copa FPF : 2
2003 , 2014
Campeonato Paulista : 0
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2010
Campeonato Paulista A2 : 5
1975 , 1981 , 2008 , 2016 , 2019
Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior : 1
2003
Squad
Out on loan
Former coaches
A notable coach would be Sérgio Guedes .
Stadium
Santo André 's stadium is Estádio Bruno José Daniel , inaugurated in 1969 , with a maximum capacity of 18,000 people .
2004 Copa do Brasil
References
External links
Official Web Site
Fans Site
Association football clubs established in 1967
Santo Andre
1967 establishments in Brazil
The Leeds may refer to :
Leeds Permanent Building Society
Leeds International Piano Competition
See also
Leeds ( disambiguation )
Henri Cordier ( 8 August 184916 March 1925 ) was a French linguist , historian , ethnographer , author , editor and Orientalist . He was President of the Société de Géographie ( French , `` Geographical Society '' ) in Paris . Cordier was a prominent figure in the development of East Asian and Central Asian scholarship in Europe in the late 19th and early 20th century . Though he had little actual knowledge of the Chinese language , Cordier had a particularly strong impact on the development of Chinese scholarship , and was a mentor of the noted French sinologist Édouard Chavannes .
Early life
Cordier was born in New Orleans , Louisiana in the United States . He arrived in France in 1852 ; and his family moved to Paris in 1855 . He was educated at the Collège Chaptal and in England .
In 1869 at age 20 , he sailed for Shanghai , where he worked at an English bank . During the next two years , he published several articles in local newspapers . In 1872 , he was made librarian of the North China branch of the Royal Asiatic Society . In this period , about twenty articles were published in Shanghai Evening Courier , North China Daily News , and Journal of the North China Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society .
Career
In 1876 , he was named secretary of a Chinese government program for Chinese students studying in Europe .
In Paris , Cordier was a professor at l'École spéciale des Langues orientales , which is known today as the Institute of Oriental Languages and Civilizations ( L'Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales , INALCO ) . He joined the faculty in 1881 ; and he was a professor from 1881 to 1925 . He contributed a number of articles to the Catholic Encyclopedia .
Cordier was also a professeur at l'École Libre des Sciences Politiques , which is today known as the National Foundation of Political Studies ( Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques ) and the Paris Institute of Political Studies ( Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris ) .
Contributions to Sinology
Although he had only a slight knowledge of the language , Cordier made major contributions to Sinology .
`` Cordier , '' as the Bibliotheca Sinica `` is sometimes affectionately referred to , '' is `` the standard enumerative bibliography '' of 70,000 works on China up to 1921 . Even though the author did not know Chinese , he was thorough and highly familiar with European publications . Endymion Wilkinson also praises Cordier for including the full titles , often the tables of contents , and reviews of most books .
Cordier was a founding editor of T'oung Pao , which was the first international journal of Chinese Studies . Along with Gustaaf Schlegel , he helped to establish the prominent sinological journal T'oung Pao in 1890 .
Honors
Royal Asiatic Society , honorary member , 1893 .
Royal Geographical Society , corresponding member , 1908 .
Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres , member , 1908 .
Société Asiatique , vice-president , 1918–1925 .
Société de Géographie , President , 1924–1925 .
Selected works
Cordier 's published writings encompass 1,033 works in 1,810 publications in 13 languages and 7,984 library holdings .
Bibliotheca sinica . Dictionnaire bibliographique des ouvrages relatifs à l'Empire chinois , Vol . 1 ; Vol . 2 . ( 1878-1895 )
Bibliographie des œuvres de Beaumarchais ( 1883 )
La France en Chine au XVIIIe siècle : documents inédits/publiés sur les manuscrits conservés au dépôt des affaires étrangères , avec une introduction et des notes ( 1883 )
Mémoire sur la Chine adressé à Napoléon Ier : mélanges , Vol . 1 ; Vol . 2 ; by F. Renouard de Ste-Croix , edited by Henri Cordier . ( 1895-1905 )
Les Origines de deux établissements français dans l'Extrême-Orient : Chang-Haï , Ning-Po , documents inédits , publiés , avec une introduction et des notes ( 1896 )
La Révolution en Chine : les origines ( 1900 )
Conférence sur les relations de la Chine avec l'Europe . ( 1901 )
L'Imprimerie sino-européenne en Chine : bibliographie des ouvrages publiés en Chine par les Européens au XVIIe et au XVIIIe siècle . ( 1901 )
Dictionnaire bibliographique des ouvrages relatifs à l'Empire chinois : bibliotheca sinica , Vol . 1 ; Vol . 2 ; Vol . 3 ; Vol . 4 . ( 1904-1907 )
The Book of Ser Marco Polo : vol.1 The Book of Ser Marco Polo : vol.2 with Henry Yule ( 1903 )
Ser Marco Polo : vol.1 ( 1910 )
L'Expédition de Chine de 1860 , histoire diplomatique , notes et documents ( 1906 )
Bibliotheca Indosinica . Dictionnaire bibliographique des ouvrages relatifs à la péninsule indochinoise ( 1912 )
Bibliotheca Japonica . Dictionnaire bibliographique des ouvrages relatifs à l'empire Japonais rangés par ordre chronologique jusqu ' à 1870 ( 1912 )
Mémoires Concernant l'Asie Orientale : vol.1 Mémoires Concernant l'Asie Orientale : vol.2 Mémoires Concernant l'Asie Orientale : vol.3 ( 1913 )
Le Voyage à la Chine au XVIIIe siècle . Extrait du journal de M. Bouvet , commandant le vaisseau de la Compagnie des Indes le Villevault ( 1765-1766 ) ( 1913 )
Cathay and the Way Thither : being a Collection of Medieval Notices of China ( 1913 )
Bibliographie stendhalienne ( 1914 )
La Suppression de la compagnie de Jésus et la mission de Péking ( 1918 )
The travels of Marco Polo ( 1920 ) , with Henry Yule
Histoire générale de la Chine et de ses relations avec les pays étrangers : depuis les temps les plus anciens jusqu ' à la chute de la dynastie Mandchoue , Vol . I , Depuis les temps les plus anciens jusqu ' à la chute de la dynastie T'ang ( 907 ) ; Vol . 2 , Depuis les cinq dynasties ( 907 ) jusqu ' à la chute des Mongols ( 1368 ) ; Vol . 3 , Depuis l'avènement des Mings ( 1368 ) jusqu ' à la mort de Kia K'ing ( 1820 ) ; Vol . 4 , Depuis l'avènement de Tao Kouang ( 1821 ) jusqu ' à l'époque actuelle . ( 1920-1921 )
La Chine . ( 1921 )
La Chine en France au XVIIIe siècle ( Paris , 1910 )
Chine : vol.1
Notes
References
Cordier , Henri . ( 1892 ) . Half a Decade of Chinese studies ( 1886-1891 ) . Leyden : E.J . Brill . OCLC 2174926
Ting Chang , “ Crowdsourcing avant la lettre : Henri Cordier and French Sinology , ca . 1875–1925 ” , L'Esprit créateur , Volume 56 , Number 3 , Fall 2016 , Johns Hopkins University Press , pp . 47–60 .
External links
Downloadable issues of T'oung pao
1849 births
1925 deaths
French scholars
French sinologists
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Contributors to the Catholic Encyclopedia
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Aston Villa played the 1934–35 English football season in the Football League First Division . This was manager Jimmy McMullan 's first season having been appointed appointed as manager when Billy Smith retired at the end of the previous season .
The new year saw Aston Villa draw 1–1 away to Derby County , Eric Houghton scoring Villa 's goal , leaving the club in 12th position .
League table
Squad statistics
Appearances
Harry Morton , 43 appearances
Eric Houghton , 42 appearances
George Beeson , 41 appearances
Danny Blair , 38 appearances
Billy Kingdon , 36 appearances
Jimmy Allen , 34 appearances
Dai Astley , 33 appearances
Tommy Gardner , 32 appearances
Arthur Cunliffe , 26 appearances
Pongo Waring , 25 appearances
Ronnie Dix 24 appearances
Joe Beresford , 23 appearances
Jimmy Gibson , 12 appearances
Bob Brocklebank , 12 appearances
Archie Watkins , 11 appearances
Alec Talbot , 10 appearances
Reg Chester , 10 appearances
Frank Broome , 7 appearances
Tommy Mort , 5 appearances
Billy Simpson , 3 appearances
Fred Butcher , 2 appearances
Jimmy McLuckie , 1 appearances
George Brown , 1 appearances
Tommy Wood , 1 appearances
Ernie Callaghan , 1 appearances
References
Aston Villa F.C . seasons
Aston Villa F.C . season
Michigan 's 103rd House of Representatives district ( also referred to as Michigan 's 103rd House district ) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Benzie and Grand Traverse counties , as well as all of Leelanau County . The district was created in 1965 , when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one .
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Crawford County , Michigan
Kalkaska County , Michigan
Missaukee County , Michigan
Ogemaw County , Michigan
Roscommon County , Michigan
All Is Bright ( released as Almost Christmas in the UK ) is a 2013 comedy-drama film directed by Phil Morrison . It stars Paul Giamatti and Paul Rudd , with Sally Hawkins and Amy Landecker in supporting roles .
The film debuted at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival , with a video on demand release following on September 10 , 2013 . It was released in theaters on October 4 , 2013 .
Plot
Out on parole in Quebec after serving four years for stealing , Dennis ( Giamatti ) returns home to find out his wife Therese told his daughter Michi he died of cancer . He also discovers his old friend and former accomplice Rene ( Rudd ) is in a relationship with his ex .
Dennis has a brief fit of rage at Therese and later lands one punch on Rene . Homeless and desperate for work as there is a recession , he reluctantly asks Rene if he can go with him to sell Christmas trees in New York City . Dennis wants to make enough money to buy his estranged daughter the piano she has always wanted .
In Brooklyn , Dennis gets thrown out of a café and the following day has an altercation with another tree salesman . Finally Olga , a Russian-born woman , buys the first tree and they gradually start hustling and moving their trees .
Olga asks Dennis to straighten the tree as an excuse , to the house where she cleans for a couple of dentists , offering him food and a shower . The next day the men are hit with a tree selling rush . Amidst the sales , Rene 's wife Marie calls , letting him know she wants him to sign divorce papers . Upset , he takes off for a few days , so Dennis is left in charge .
When Rene reappears , he has an engagement ring for Therese . Dennis becomes irate , telling two guys looking to buy a tree that his friend stole his wife from him while he was in prison . He becomes inspired to call his ex collect , but she does n't accept the charges . Distraught , he visits Olga the next day and asks her to help him find his daughter a piano .
Olga visits them at their tree-selling lot with vodka , and she , Rene , Dennis and Nzomo , an African who had helped with the tree selling , drink through the night . The next day , as Dennis and Rene are robbed by a supposedly blind man who had bought a tree from them , Dennis convinces Olga to help them take the dentists ' Steinway .
Returning to their small Quebec town , Dennis watches from a distance as Michi plays her new piano , then hugs her mom and Rene happily .
Cast
Paul Giamatti as Dennis
Paul Rudd as Rene
Sally Hawkins as Olga
Amy Landecker as Therese
Peter Hermann as Monsieur Tremblay
Emory Cohen as Lou
Halley Feiffer as Claire
Colman Domingo as Nzomo
Production
The opening of the movie is set in Quebec , Canada , and appears to have been shot in Quebec , Canada . We see an Autoroute 40 and 80 kph highway signs as Paul Giamatti walks along the highway . Later we see Paul on a sidewalk with cars bearing Quebec license plates and he stops to pick up a Loonie .
After loading the trees the `` Paul and Paul '' drive to the USA . We see they actually filmed a scene on Ontario 's 401 Westbound , approaching exit 441 , to Ontario Highway 137 , which leads to the US border and connects to interstate 81 ( NY ) .
All Is Bright was filmed in Greenpoint , Brooklyn . Its name was changed from the original title of Almost Christmas to All Is Bright .
The antics of the two lead characters have been suggested to be based on the amalgamation of famous misadventures of employees from North Pole Xmas Trees , a famous family business from Nashua , New Hampshire .
Reception
The film has approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on reviews , with an average rating of . The critical consensus states : `` Well-acted but uneven , All Is Bright strands a pair of strong performances from Paul Giamatti and Paul Rudd in a meandering script . '' Metacritic reports a weighted average of 54 out of 100 based on reviews from 15 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
See also
List of Christmas films
References
External links
2013 films
Sidney Kimmel Entertainment films
2010s Christmas comedy-drama films
American Christmas comedy-drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Der Eigene was the first gay journal in the world , published from 1896 to 1932 by Adolf Brand in Berlin . Brand contributed many poems and articles ; other contributors included writers Benedict Friedlaender , Hanns Heinz Ewers , Erich Mühsam , Kurt Hiller , Ernst Burchard , John Henry Mackay , Theodor Lessing , Klaus Mann , and Thomas Mann , as well as artists Wilhelm von Gloeden , Fidus , and Sascha Schneider . The journal may have had an average of around 1500 subscribers per issue during its run , but the exact numbers are uncertain .
History of the journal
The title of the journal , Der Eigene ( The Unique ) , refers to the classic anarchist work Der Einzige und sein Eigentum ( 1844 ) by Max Stirner . Early issues reflected the philosophy of Stirner , as well as other views on the politics of anarchism . In the 1920s the journal shifted to support the liberal democracy of the Weimar Republic and more specifically the Social Democratic Party . Der Eigene interwove cultural , artistic , and political material , including lyric poetry , prose , political manifesto and nude photography .
The publisher of Der Eigene had to fight against government censorship . For example , in 1903 a published poem `` Die Freundschaft '' ( Friendship ) provoked a lawsuit against the magazine . The magazine won because the poem was written by Friedrich Schiller .
In 1933 , when Adolf Hitler rose to power , Adolf Brand 's house was searched and all the materials needed to produce the magazine were seized and given to Ernst Röhm .
In a major effort in 2020 , Humboldt University of Berlin made available the complete set of the magazine on its website , with censorship in form of pixellation applied to several pages containing artistic photographs and paintings .
Gallery
See also
Magnus Hirschfeld
References
Further reading
Reprint : Der Eigene . Ein Blatt für männliche Kultur . Ein Querschnitt durch die erste Homosexuellenzeitschrift der Welt . With an article by Friedrich Kröhnke . Published and afterwords by Joachim S. Hohmann , Foerster Verlag , Frankfurt/Main and Berlin 1981 .
External links
Homodok.nl Full text scan ( pdf ) 1896-1900 and 1903 at IHLIA LGBT Heritage .
Schillers `` Die Freundschaft ''
Part of a letter by Brand from 1933 about the end of the magazine . ?
Complete set digitized on Humboldt University website ( some pages with photographs and artworks partially censored )
1890s in LGBT history
1896 establishments in Germany
1932 disestablishments in Germany
Anarchism and free love
Anarchist periodicals published in Germany
Defunct political magazines published in Germany
Egoist anarchism
Gay history
Gay men 's magazines
LGBT-related magazines published in Germany
German-language magazines
Individualist anarchism
LGBT anarchism
First homosexual movement
Magazines established in 1896
Magazines disestablished in 1932
Magazines published in Berlin
The Ningbo–Jinhua railway is a double-track railway currently under construction in China . The combined passenger and freight line will be long has a design speed of . The project will see of new railway built from Yunlong railway station near Ningbo to Yiwu railway station . The railway is one of the first purpose built electrified railways capable of operating double stack container trains in China .
History
Construction began on 29 December 2016 .
Stations
The line has the following stations :
Fenghua railway station ( passenger and freight )
Xikou railway station ( passenger )
Shengzhou Xinchang railway station ( passenger )
Nanshanhu railway station ( freight )
Hulu railway station ( reserved )
Dongyang railway station ( passenger and freight )
Yiwu railway station
References
Railway lines in China
Marko Koprtla ( 24 May 1929 – 4 October 1997 ) was a politician born in Gradište , a village near Županja . He was trained as a car mechanic in Vukovar before enroling in a high school and taking a job of a metalworker until 1955 . He attended a higher political school in Belgrade in 1962 . Koprtla was a member of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia ( SKJ ) and the League of Communists of Croatia posted to various functions in the municipalities of Vinkovci and Vukovar . He became the president of the municipal assembly of Vukovar in 1961 and held that post until 1966 . Between 1963 and 1965 he was a member of the Parliament of Yugoslavia . In 1965 , Koprtla was appointed to the Central Committee of the SKH as the president of its commission for social and economic affairs . In 1968 , he became the president of the defence commission of the Central Committee of the SKH . In 1968–1971 , Koprtla was additionally appointed a member of the Executive Committee of the SKH 's Central Committee tasked with staffing and defence affairs . As a proponent of the reformist faction of the SKH within the context of the Croatian Spring , Koprtla resigned his posts on 12 December 1971 when the reformist SKH leadership under Savka Dabčević-Kučar and Miko Tripalo were defeated and purged from the public and political life . In 1990 , Koprtla was among the founders of the Croatian People 's Party .
References
1929 births
1997 deaths
People from Gradište , Croatia
Mayors of Vukovar
League of Communists of Croatia politicians
Croatian People 's Party – Liberal Democrats politicians
Cicilia and Clorinda , or Love in Arms is a 17th-century closet drama , a two-part , ten-Act tragicomedy by Thomas Killigrew . The work was composed in Italy c. 1650–51 , and first published in 1664 .
Genre and source
Like the majority of Killigrew 's plays — stage plays or closet dramas — Cicilia and Clorinda is cast in the mode of tragicomedy , with its highly colored elements of romance , and limited realism . The play may be more interpreted and judged in the romance tradition than in the dramatic ; the work is `` a means of providing the matter of romance in an alternative form . ''
Killigrew employed the closet-drama form to work with material that would have met strong resistance on the public stage of his time . Cicilia and Clorinda is in part an exploration of the idea of the Amazon or `` warrior woman '' ( he coined the term `` Heroickess '' ) . When Killigrew wrote the work , women were not yet allowed to appear onstage in England .
In writing the work , Killigrew was influenced by Artamène , ou Le Grand Cyrus , by Madeleine and Georges de Scudéry . His characters Amadeo , Lucius , and Manlius are versions of the French novel 's Aglatidas , Artabes , and Megabises ( Part 1 , Book 3 ) .
Publication
Both parts of Cicilia and Clorinda were first printed in Comedies and Tragedies , the collected edition of Killigrew 's plays issued by Henry Herringman in 1664 . The collected edition specifies that Part 1 was written in Turin , and Part 2 in Florence , during Killigrew 's years of exile in the English Commonwealth period . Part 1 is dedicated to Lady Anne Villiers , Countess of Morton , and Part 2 is dedicated to Lady Dorothy Sidney , Countess of Sunderland .
Carew and Crofts
Killigrew includes the Thomas Carew poem `` Song of Jealousy '' in Cicilia and Clorinda Part 2 , Act V scene ii , where it concludes the play . According to Killigrew , Carew wrote the poem in 1633 , in response to a dispute between Killigrew and Cecilia Crofts , then a maid of honor to Queen Henrietta Maria and later Killigrew 's first wife ( 1636–38 ) . Carew also wrote a poem , `` The morning stormy , '' in celebration of the Killigrew/Crofts wedding .
In addition to Cicilia and Clorinda , Killigrew employs his first wife 's name for the heroine of his early play The Princess .
Critical scrutiny
Often neglected by critics and readers , English closet dramas of the 17th century began to claim a greater share of critical attention toward the end of the 20th century . Margaret Cavendish has been the main beneficiary of this shift in focus , though writers like Killigrew and works like Cicilia and Clorinda have also benefitted .
References
External links
Cicilia and Clorinda online :
Part 1 .
Part 2 .
1650s plays
Arılı is a village in the District of Posof , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Posof District
Rålambshovsparken ( English : Rålambshov Park ) is a park in the Marieberg district on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm , Sweden .
Location
This park passes under a section of Västerbron . In the west , the park borders the Konradsberg campus of Stockholm University , in the east it extends toward promenade of Norr Mälarstrand and to the south-east it opens onto Riddarfjärden .
Sculptures
Rålambshovsparken is home to several sculptures : Monument över Yxman by Eric Grate ( 1896-1983 ) , Domarring by Egon Möller-Nielsen ( 1915- 1959 ) , Fjärilen by Elli Hemberg and Färgtorn by Lars Erik Falk ( 1922-2018 ) .
History
The park opened in 1936 and was one of the first in Stockholm to be designed according to functionalist principles . It was designed by landscape architect Erik Glemme ( 1905-1959 ) and resembles the functionalist style popular in that era . In celebration of Stockholm 's 700-year anniversary , an amphitheater was added in 1953 , with capacity for 5,000 people .
Rålis Skatepark was inaugurated in 2010 under `` Lilla Västerbron '' .
On 8th September 2018 Greta Thunberg announced in the park 's theater at the beginning of the People 's Climate March that , though her original three-week schoolstrike before the Swedish elections that were due the next day was ending , she and other students had decided to henceforth keep striking school and demanding climate justice every friday . The park is therefor the site of the founding of the movement Fridays for Future .
Gallery
See also
Geography of Stockholm
References
Parks in Stockholm
The Julius Caesar overture , Op . 128 , is a concert overture written in 1851 by Robert Schumann , inspired by Shakespeare 's play Julius Caesar and influenced by the Egmont and Coriolan overtures of Ludwig van Beethoven .
Julius Caesar is usually associated with two other Schumann concert overtures written about that time , also inspired by great literature : The Bride of Messina , Op . 100 ( based on Schiller 's eponymous play ) and Hermann und Dorothea , Op . 136 ( based on Goethe 's epic poem ) . The year 1851 was intensely active for Schumann : not only did he complete these three overtures , he also wrote his Piano Trio No . 3 , his 1st and 2nd violin sonatas , a chamber oratorio , lieder , works for chorus and orchestra , and works for solo piano ; and thoroughly revised his Symphony No . 4 .
The Julius Caesar overture is in the key of F minor and is scored for piccolo , flute , 2 oboes , 2 clarinets , 2 bassoons , 4 horns , 2 trumpets , 3 trombones , timpani and strings . The gloomy , brooding nature of the overture has often been noted : A darkly hued work , imbued with a spirit of tragic grandeur from start to finish ; a brooding introduction to Shakespeare 's play , full of oppressive , militaristic flourishes and hinting at some violent threat that never fully manifests itself .
It was not intended to portray the historical person of Julius Caesar , but was inspired by William Shakespeare 's eponymous play . In his sketches for the work , beneath the staves on the first page Schumann wrote down what he considered the central `` plot points '' of the play : `` Caesar / Life in Rome . Brutus . / Conspiracy . Calpurnia . The Ides . Death . Philippi . / Octavian 's revenge . Victory over Brutus '' .
It also drew inspiration from two overtures of Ludwig van Beethoven : that to his incidental music to Egmont , with which it shares the key of F minor , the `` uncompromising sonata form '' , and the coda in the major key ; and to a lesser extent his concert overture Coriolan .
Schumann started writing the music in mid-January 1851 . His wife Clara noted in her diary on 17 January that he was now working on the overture . He wrote out the full score between 27 January and 2 February , finishing it only a few days before he conducted the premiere of his 3rd Symphony , `` Rhenish '' ( 6 February ) .
The work had its premiere on 3 August 1852 in Düsseldorf . Earlier that year he had consulted Dr Wolfgang Müller about his physical ailments . Müller was also a director of the Düsseldorf Music Society , of which Schumann was Music Director and chief conductor , and advised him to do less conducting and hand some of the work to his deputy Julius Tausch . On 8 July Schumann commenced a series of 18 cold baths in the Rhine under Müller 's instruction . This resulted in some improvement in his condition . On 30 July , against Müller 's advice , he attended the first rehearsal of the Julius Caesar overture under Tausch , but became agitated and took over the conducting of the work himself . At the concert on 3 August , once again without warning , he took personal command of the orchestra and conducted the premiere of the work himself ; he also went on to `` tactlessly '' conduct a Beethoven overture that Tausch had rehearsed but Schumann had not . The Julius Caesar Overture produced little noticeable effect on the audience . The result for Schumann was exhaustion , and Müller recommended he have more intensive treatment , and sent him for sea baths at Scheveningen , Netherlands . This was the beginning of the insanity that marked his last years .
Schumann was known to be interested in musical cryptograms , best demonstrated in his piano suite Carnaval , Op . 9 . Eric Sams suggests there are many other clues throughout Schumann 's works , including a cipher for `` C-A-E-S-A-R '' in the opening chords of the Julius Caesar overture .
The work has been recorded a number of times , but is not often performed in concert .
References
Concert overtures
Compositions by Robert Schumann
1851 compositions
Compositions in F minor
Music based on works by William Shakespeare
Works based on Julius Caesar ( play )
Depictions of Julius Caesar in music
Cultural depictions of Augustus
Sphodromantis baccettii is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia . It may be distinguished from Sphodromantis lineola by the presence of blue-black spots on its forearms .
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
B
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Kenya
Insects of Somalia
Insects described in 1987
Ioannis Boubaras ( ) was a Greek chieftain of the Macedonian Struggle from Vlasti , West Macedonia , then in the Ottoman Empire .
Biography
Ioannis Boubaras was born in the end of the 19th century in Vlasti . He participated from the beginning of the Macedonian Struggle , as a rifleman , messenger , guide and liaison of the chieftains of Western Macedonia . He was a member of the National Committee of Blatsi with significant activity . He created his own armed band and cooperated with the officers Georgios Katechakis , Petros Manos and Pavlos Gyparis in various missions in Eordaia , Kastoria and Florina . On 21 April 1905 he participated as a guide of various bands in the Battle of Mouriki and was arrested by the Ottoman Army on the hill Sni . He was transported to Ptolemaida , where he was tortured and mutilated to death .
His bust is today in a park in Ptolemaida .
References
External links
e-istoria , Macedonian Struggle
Greek people of the Macedonian Struggle
People from Vlasti
The 2021 Women 's EuroHockey Championship II was the ninth edition of the Women 's EuroHockey Championship II , the second level of the women 's European field hockey championship organized by the European Hockey Federation . It was held from 15 to 21 August 2021 in Prague , Czech Republic .
The top five teams qualified for the European qualifier for the 2022 Women 's FIH Hockey World Cup .
Belarus won their second EuroHockey Championship II title by defeating France 1–0 in the final . Poland won the bronze medal by defeating Wales 4–1 .
Qualified teams
Participating nations have qualified based on their final ranking from the 2019 competition .
Umpires
The following nine umpires were appointed for the tournament by the EHF :
Preliminary round
Pool A
Pool B
Fifth to eighth place classification
Pool C
The points obtained in the preliminary round against the other team are taken over .
First to fourth place classification
Bracket
Semi-finals
Third place game
Final
Statistics
Final standings
Goalscorers
See also
2021 Men 's EuroHockey Championship II
2021 Women 's EuroHockey Championship III
2021 Women 's EuroHockey Nations Championship
References
Women 's EuroHockey Championship II
Women 2
EuroHockey Championship II
International women 's field hockey competitions hosted by the Czech Republic
EuroHockey Championship II
Sports competitions in Prague
2020s in Prague
2021 in Czech women 's sport
Dirk Hilbert is a German politician serving as the current Lord Mayor of Dresden , the capital city of Saxony , since Helma Orosz 's resignation in 2015 .
Early life and career
Hilbert studied industrial engineering at the Technical University of Dresden from 1992 , and graduated in 1998 with a degree . From 1998 to 2000 he worked as a board assistant at the German Aerospace Center in Cologne , then in risk management at CargoLifter in Krausnick-Groß Wasserburg .
Political career
From December 2008 , Hilbert served as the Deputy Mayor of Lord Mayor Helma Orosz , and took over for her duties from February 2011 to March 1 , 2012 due to the Mayor 's illness . He became Lord Mayor upon Orosz 's resignation in 2015 .
Other activities
Max Planck Institute for Chemical Physics of Solids , Member of the Board of Trustees
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics , Member of the Board of Trustees
Max Planck Institute for the Physics of Complex Systems , Member of the Board of Trustees
References
Mayors of Dresden
People from Saxony
Free Democratic Party ( Germany ) politicians
1971 births
Living people
English Center Suspension Bridge is a historic suspension bridge spanning Little Pine Creek in Pine Township , Lycoming County , Pennsylvania . It was built in 1891 and has a single span measuring long and wide .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
References
External links
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Bridges completed in 1891
Bridges in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
Suspension bridges in Pennsylvania
Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
1891 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
Beech Hill Pond is a lake in Otis , Hancock County , Maine , in the United States . It is 4.5 miles long , half a mile wide , and up to 104 feet deep . Trout , salmon , and other species of fish have been observed in the lake . Bald eagles and loons also live on the shoreline .
Location and description
The pond is located near Maine State Route 180 . It is also not far from the community of Ellsworth , Maine . Middle Brook and a number of other small brooks feed into it and Beech Hill Stream flows from the lake . The lake is long and around . On average , it is wide . The average elevation is above sea level .
Beech Hill Pond has an area of and a maximum depth of . The average depth is . The temperature at the surface is , while at a depth of , the temperature is .
In 1912 , the volume of Beach Hill Pond was .
Beech Hill Pond experiences erosion and also lacks a buffer in some places . The Secchi depth of the lake was approximately in 1999 , in 2003 , in 2004 , and in 2007 .
Shoreline
There is a cave located underground on the western side of Beech Hill Pond . Ice has been found in it as late as July , causing it to be known as the `` Cold Cellar '' .
The terrain at the edges of the Beech Hill Pond is relatively steep .
90 percent of the shoreline of Beech Hill Pond is developed . Development in the area has substantially increased since the early 1950s .
Beech Hill Pond can Be divided in to five distinct areas :
Turtle Cove
Schoolhouse Cove
Beech Hill Landing / Boatlanding Beach
Cellarshore / Cellar Cove
Beechwood Bay
History
A public boat landing was built on Beech Hill Pond in 1983 .
The Pond was allegedly , according to the Town and BHPA , named for the nearby ‘ Beech Hill ' , which can be seen from the majority of the shoreline . Beech Hill is named for the types of trees found along its rise .
In 2012 , the ice receded from Beech Hill Pond on March 21 , which is the earliest that it has left the lake since at least 1878 . Prior to 2012 , the earliest the ice had receded was April 2 ( in 2006 ) and the latest it had receded was May 17 ( in 1888 ) .
Biology and recreation
Fish found in Beech Hill Pond include salmon , rainbow trout , lake trout , brook trout , smallmouth bass , and several others . Pickerel are rare in the pond and the white perch population is declining . The largest lake trout in Maine was caught on the lake in 1958 . It weighed . Icefishing is also done on the lake .
Beech Hill Pond was said to be one of the `` best bets for Maine lake trout '' by Tom Seymour . It is impossible to fish from the lake 's shore , although fishing can be done out on the lake .
The pond is a coldwater and warmwater fishery .
A total of 14 adult loons and one chick were observed on Beech Hill Pond in 2007 and 2008 . There are two nesting families of bald eagles on the lake .
See also
List of lakes in Maine
References
External links
Beech Hill Pond Lake Association
Lakes of Hancock County , Maine
Lakes of Maine
University Hospital Augsburg ( Universitätsklinikum Augsburg ) is with about 1,750 beds one of the largest medical centers in Germany located in Augsburg . It is a teaching hospital of the Universität Augsburg and the only hospital of maximal care in Swabia ( Bavaria ) . The hospital has two locations in Augsburg . The location in the Stenglinstraße ( Kriegshaber ) and the location in the Sauerbruchstraße ( Haunstetten ) .
The University Hospital Augsburg comprises a total of 23 clinics and three institutes , as well as other medical treatment areas and centers . More than 6,000 employees , including around 900 doctors and around 2,500 nurses , work for the health of patients .
On January 1 , 2019 , the municipal enterprise Klinikum Augsburg became the University Hospital Augsburg in the sponsorship of the State of Bavaria . Since that moment , the hospital serves the education of students of the medical faculty of the University of Augsburg . Until then , it was an academic teaching hospital of the Ludwig-Maximilians-University of Munich .
See also
University of Augsburg
References
External links
University Hospital Augsburg Homepage
Hospitals established in 1982
Buildings and structures in Augsburg
Woleebee is a locality in the Western Downs Region , Queensland , Australia . In the , Woleebee had a population of 95 people .
Toby 's Knob in the Woleebee district was the site of the hide-out of the Aboriginal bushranger known as Wild Toby during the 1870s and 1880s .
Geography
A thermal coal resource area called Juandah has been identified at in the locality . It has an estimated reserve of .
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Archips taichunganus is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Taiwan .
The wingspan is 29 mm .
References
Moths described in 2000
Archips
Moths of Taiwan
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill ( 1918 ) was first introduced in the 65th United States Congress by Representative Leonidas C. Dyer , a Republican from St. Louis , Missouri , in the United States House of Representatives as H.R . 11279 in order “ to protect citizens of the United States against lynching in default of protection by the States. ” It was intended to establish lynching as a federal crime . The Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill was re-introduced in subsequent sessions of United States Congress and passed , 230 to 119 , by the House of Representatives on January 26 , 1922 , but its passage was halted in the United States Senate by a filibuster by Southern Democrats , who formed a powerful block . Southern Democrats justified their opposition to the bill by arguing that lynchings were a response to rapes and proclaiming that lynchings were an issue that should be left for states to deal with .
Attempts to pass similar legislation took a halt until the Costigan-Wagner Bill of 1934 . Subsequent bills followed but the Congress never made lynching a federal crime due to powerful opposition from Southern senators ; it was not until 2018 that the Senate passed the anti-lynching legislation Justice for Victims of Lynching Act , on which the House of Representatives took no action .
On February 26 , 2020 , the House passed a revised version , the Emmett Till Antilynching Act , by a vote of 410–4 . It was reintroduced in the 117th Congress with further revision . It was passed by the House on February 28 , 2022 , and by the Senate on March 7 , 2022 , marking the first time in the history of the United States Congress that an anti-lynching bill passed both houses . President Joe Biden signed it into law on March 29 , 2022 .
History
Background
Lynchings were predominantly committed by whites against African Americans in the Southern and border states . According to statistics compiled by the Tuskegee Institute , between the years 1882 and 1951 some 4,730 people were lynched in the United States , of whom 3,437 were black and 1,293 were white . The first wave of lynchings occurred in the years immediately following the Civil War , but fell off sharply with the dissolution of the first Ku Klux Klan about 1870 . There was a revival in the 1890s ; the largest annual number of lynchings occurred in 1892 ( 230 persons were lynched that year : 161 African-Americans and 69 whites ) . and continued for the next two decades at relatively high levels , in what is often called the nadir of American race relations , a period marked by disfranchisement of African Americans and Jim Crow in the South , and discrimination against African Americans across the country .
Many lynchings were the result of Southern whites ' extrajudicial efforts to maintain white supremacy , after gaining disfranchisement of most blacks through discriminatory voter registration and electoral rules , and imposing segregation and Jim Crow laws on the black population in the late 19th and early 20th century . Maintaining white supremacy in economic affairs played a part as well . Social changes resulting from a rapid rise in immigration from southern and eastern Europe , the rise of the Second Ku Klux Klan , and the internal Great Migration of blacks from the South to industrial cities in the Northeast and Midwest contributed to violent confrontations . In 1917 , white mobs had attacked blacks in East St. Louis ( a city located directly across the Mississippi River from St. Louis , Missouri ) over competition for work and punishment for strikebreakers .
In 1900 Representative George Henry White , a black Republican from North Carolina , introduced the first anti-lynching bill in Congress . It was subsequently defeated in a committee . In April 1919 , the NAACP published a report which disproved the myth that stated most lynchings were based on African-American attacks on white women : less than one sixth of the 2,500 African Americans lynched from 1889 to 1918 had even been accused of rape . Representative Leonidas C. Dyer , who represented a majority African-American district , had taken notice of the hate crimes occurring around him and was outraged by the violence and disregard for law in such riots . Dyer was especially concerned about the continued high rate of lynchings in the South and the failure of local and state authorities to prosecute them . This inspired his anti-lynching bill .
A silent protest in support of the bill was organized by African Americans on June 14 , 1922 in Washington , D.C. Republican U.S. President Warren G. Harding announced his support for Dyer 's bill during a speaking engagement in Birmingham , Alabama . Although the bill was quickly passed by a large majority in the House of Representatives , it was prevented from coming to a vote in 1922 , 1923 , and 1924 in the U.S. Senate , due to filibusters by the Southern Democratic bloc . Southern Senators opposed anti-lynching laws and other civil rights legislation on the ground that blacks were responsible for more crime , more babies born out of wedlock , more welfare and other forms of social assistance , and that strong measures were needed to keep them under control .
Overview
The bill classified lynching as a federal felony , which would have allowed the United States to prosecute cases , since states and local authorities seldom did . The bill prescribed punishments for perpetrators , specifically :
( a ) A maximum of 5 years in prison , $ 5,000 fine , or both , for any state or city official who had the power to protect a person in his jurisdiction but failed to do so or who had the power to prosecute those responsible and failed to do so .
( b ) A minimum of 5 years in prison for anyone who participated in a lynching , whether they were an ordinary citizen or the official responsible for keeping the victim safe .
( c ) $ 10,000 fine to be paid by the county in which the lynching took place , to be turned over to the victim 's family or his parents , or to the United States government if the victim has no family . If the victim was seized in one county and killed in another , both counties were to be fined .
In addition , the law prescribed actions of special circumstances :
( a ) If officers fail to equally protect all citizens , they can be prosecuted in federal court .
( b ) Foreign visitors were not exempt from this law and were to be prosecuted within the laws of the state or territory , as well as protected by those same laws .
Aftermath
From 1882 to 1968 , `` ... nearly 200 anti-lynching bills were introduced in Congress , and three passed the House . Seven presidents between 1890 and 1952 asked Congress to pass a federal law . '' No bills were approved by the Senate during this time period because of the powerful opposition of the conservative Southern Democratic voting bloc .
However , the publicity the bill generated , together with the NAACP report and the National Conference on Lynching , moved local and state governments to take lynching more seriously . Lynchings decreased dramatically after 1919 .
On June 13 , 2005 , in a resolution sponsored by senators Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and George Allen of Virginia , together with 78 others , the US Senate formally apologized for its failure to enact this and other anti-lynching bills `` when action was most needed . '' On June 30 , 2018 , three senators ( Kamala Harris , Cory Booker , and Tim Scott ) introduced the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act to make lynching a Federal hate crime . The Senate voted unanimously in favor of it on December 19 , 2018 , but the bill died because it was not passed by the House before the 115th Congress ended on January 3 , 2019 .
On February 26 , 2020 , the Emmett Till Antilynching Act , a revised version of the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act , passed the House of Representatives , by a vote of 410–4 . Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has held the bill from passage by unanimous consent in the Senate , out of concern that a convicted criminal could face `` a new 10-year penalty for ... minor bruising '' . Paul requested expedited passage of an amended version of the bill , which would require `` an attempt to do bodily harm '' for an act to be considered lynching , saying that lynching is already illegal under federal Law . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer criticized Paul 's position , saying on Twitter that `` it is shameful that one GOP Senator is standing in the way of seeing this bill become law '' . Then-senator Kamala Harris added that `` Senator Paul is now trying to weaken a bill that was already passed — there 's no reason for this '' while speaking to have the amendment defeated .
A revised version of the Emmett Till Antilynching Act , with the addition of a serious bodily injury standard , was introduced in the 117th Congress . It passed the House of Representatives on February 28 , 2022 , and the Senate on March 7 , 2022 . It was signed into law by President Joe Biden on March 29 , 2022 .
References
Further reading
Timothy J. Greene , `` Teaching the Limits of Liberalism in the Interwar Years : The NAACP 's Antilynching Campaign , '' OAH Magazine of History , vol . 18 , no . 2 ( Jan. 2004 ) , pp . 28–30 . In JSTOR
William B. Harvey , `` Constitutional Law : Anti-Lynching Legislation , '' Michigan Law Review , vol . 47 , no . 3 ( Jan. 1949 ) , pp . 369–377 . In JSTOR
William B. Hixson , Jr. , `` Moorfield Storey and the Defense of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill , '' New England Quarterly , vol . 42 , no . 1 ( March 1969 ) , pp . 65–81 . In JSTOR
William F. Pinar , `` The NAACP and the Struggle for Anti-Lynching Federal Legislation , 1917-1950 , '' in Counterpoints , Vol . 163 ( 2001 ) , pp . 683–752 . In JSTOR
Mark Robert Schneider , `` We Return Fighting '' : The Civil Rights Movement in the Jazz Age . Boston , MA : Northeastern University Press , 2002 .
Robert L. Zangrando , The NAACP Crusade Against Lynching , 1909-1950 . Philadelphia , PA : Temple University Press , 1980 .
United States proposed federal civil rights legislation
Lynching in the United States
Anti-racism in the United States
1918 in American law
1922 in American law
NAACP
Anti-lynching movement
Kouoro is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The commune covers an area of 472 square kilometers and includes the town and five villages . In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,315 . The town of Kouoro , the chef-lieu of the commune , is 75 km north of Sikasso , on the RN11 , the main road linking Sikasso and Koutiala . It is also about 30 km west of the border with Burkina Faso .
Villages
Katierla
Koumbala
Kouoro
Makono
Sokourani
Sougoula
Population history
History
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Kouoro in February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu . He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné . In his book Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo published in 1830 , he refers to what was then a village as Couara . Caillié wrote :
At nine o'clock in the morning we halted at Couara , a pretty village , where we found an abundance of all the necessities of life . The inhabitants grow a great deal of cotton and millet , and are supplied with water from a stream that runs E.N.E. , half a mile from the village .
What Caillié referred to as a stream was actually the Banifing River , a tributary of the Bani but in February it would have had very little water .
Not long after Mali declared independence from France in 1960 , an annular solar eclipse took place on 31 July 1962 , some 4 km northwest was the center of the greatest eclipse that happened at 12:25 GMT and 12 N , 5.7 W and included Kouoro and lasted for minutes .
References
Sources
.
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Elthorne Park may refer to :
Elthorne Park , London Borough of Ealing . See Hanwell # Elthorne Park .
Elthorne Park , London Borough of Islington . See Islington parks and open spaces .
Threads is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow . The album was released on August 30 , 2019 , by Big Machine Records . Threads is a collaborative album featuring many of Crow 's musical friends , heroes and newer artists . Crow has stated that Threads will possibly be her final album to instead focus on releasing individual tracks . The album reached number 30 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in the US .
Promotion
While promoting her 2018 UK tour , Crow released `` Would n't Wan na Be Like You '' featuring St. Vincent and revealed that the duets project will possibly be her final album , citing the impossibility of releasing something that could follow up such a gathering of artists . She added that she will continue to write and tour and will potentially release short-form music akin to extended plays .
`` Redemption Day '' was released as the album 's lead single on April 21 , 2019 . First appearing on Crow 's self-titled second album in 1996 , the Threads version of the song features Johnny Cash , who had recorded a cover of the song for his 2010 posthumous release American VI : Ai n't No Grave .
On May 22 , 2019 , `` Live Wire '' , a blues-inspired track featuring Bonnie Raitt and Mavis Staples , was released on Entertainment Weekly . Crow , Raitt and Staples subsequently performed the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show .
`` Prove You Wrong '' , a country rock song featuring Crow 's long-time friend Stevie Nicks and rising country star Maren Morris , was released on June 5 , 2019 . Crow joined Morris onstage at the 2019 CMT Music Awards to perform the song .
On June 14 , 2019 , Crow released the rock track `` Still the Good Old Days '' featuring Joe Walsh . She performed the song that night on The Graham Norton Show .
On June 28 , 2019 , Crow promoted Threads by performing `` Prove You Wrong '' and `` Still the Good Old Days '' during her set on the Pyramid Stage at the Glastonbury Festival .
`` Everything Is Broken '' , a roots rock Bob Dylan cover featuring Jason Isbell was released on July 12 , 2019 . On September 10 , 2019 , Crow was joined by Isbell on The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon where the pair performed the track live for the first time .
On August 2 , 2019 , `` Tell Me When It 's Over '' , a bluesy breakup song was released which was co-written and features backing vocals by Chris Stapleton . On September 20 , 2019 , Crow and Stapleton performed the song on The Tonight Show .
The funk-infused track `` Story of Everything '' that includes a rap by Chuck D , guitar playing by Gary Clark Jr. and vocals by Andra Day was released on August 23 , 2019 , and focuses on the current state of America , in particular , the racial issues that still divide the country .
Commercial performance
Threads debuted on Billboards Top Country Albums at No . 2 with 15,000 equivalent album units , of which 14,000 are in traditional sales . The album had sold 49,200 pure copies in the United States as of March 2020 .
Track listing
The official track listing for the album was announced on June 14 , 2019 . Crow wrote or co-wrote all twelve of the album 's original tracks , as well as `` Redemption Day '' , which had previously appeared on her 1996 release Sheryl Crow . Additionally , the album includes four covers .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2019 albums
Sheryl Crow albums
Big Machine Records albums
Albums produced by Jeff Trott
Joo Young-dai ( , born 20 September 1966 ) is a South Korean biathlete . He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics .
References
1966 births
Living people
South Korean male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of South Korea
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Dongguk University alumni
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The women 's alpine skiing combined event was part of the alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics programme . It was the second appearance of the event . The competition consisted of a downhill race held on Monday , February 2 , 1948 , and two slalom heats held on Wednesday , February 4 , 1948 . Twenty-eight alpine skiers from ten nations competed .
Medalists
Results
Downhill
The downhill race was held on Monday , February 2 , 1948 . It was part of the special downhill event . Twenty-eight of the 37 women who competed in the downhill race also started in the first slalom heat of the combined event .
Slalom
The slalom race was held on Wednesday , February 4 , 1948 , and started at 10:00a.m .
* 5 seconds penalty included .
Final standings
The winner of the downhill Hedy Schlunegger finished only 15th in the slalom , while Erika Mahringer , after finishing 15th in the downhill , won the slalom part of the combined event . Overall Mahringer won the bronze medal , but Schlunegger only finished eighth . Trude Beiser won the gold medal with an eighth place in slalom after finishing second in the downhill . Gretchen Fraser came up from eleventh place after the downhill to win the silver medal when finishing second in the slalom .
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
article on Alpine Skiing winner Fraser from Stripes.com
Skiing Heritage Journal 1997 photo from page 38
Women 's alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olymp
Alp
Richard Wombwell ( 1877 – 1943 ) was an English footballer . His regular position was as a forward . He was born in Nottingham , Nottinghamshire . He played for Bulwell , Ilkeston Town , Derby County , Bristol City , Manchester United , Heart of Midlothian , Brighton & Hove Albion , Blackburn Rovers and Ilkeston United . The highlight of his career came at Brighton when he scored the winning goal in a famous giant killing of Preston North End in 1908 .
References
External links
Profile at StretfordEnd.co.uk
Profile at MUFCInfo.com
1877 births
Cricketers from Nottingham
1943 deaths
English footballers
Ilkeston Town F.C . ( 1880s ) players
Derby County F.C . players
Bristol City F.C . players
Manchester United F.C . players
Heart of Midlothian F.C . players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C . players
Blackburn Rovers F.C . players
Ilkeston United F.C . players
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Association football wingers
The R-S-T system is used by amateur radio operators , shortwave listeners , and other radio hobbyists to exchange information about the quality of a radio signal being received . The code is a three-digit number , with one digit each for conveying an assessment of the signal 's readability , strength , and tone . The code was developed in 1934 by Amateur radio operator Arthur W. Braaten , W2BSR , and was similar to that codified in the ITU Radio Regulations , Cairo , 1938 .
Readability
The R stands for `` Readability '' . Readability is a qualitative assessment of how easy or difficult it is to correctly copy the information being sent during the transmission . In a Morse code telegraphy transmission , readability refers to how easy or difficult it is to distinguish each of the characters in the text of the message being sent ; in a voice transmission , readability refers to how easy or difficult it is for each spoken word to be understood correctly . Readability is measured on a scale of 1 to 5 .
Unreadable
Barely readable , occasional words distinguishable
Readable with considerable difficulty
Readable with practically no difficulty
Perfectly readable
Strength
The S stands for `` Strength '' . Strength is an assessment of how powerful the received signal is at the receiving location . Although an accurate signal strength meter can determine a quantitative value for signal strength , in practice this portion of the RST code is a qualitative assessment , often made based on the S meter of the radio receiver at the location of signal reception . `` Strength '' is measured on a scale of 1 to 9 .
Faint—signals barely perceptible
Very weak signals
Weak signals
Fair signals
Fairly good signals
Good signals
Moderately strong signals
Strong signals
Extremely strong signals
For a quantitative assessment , quality HF receivers are calibrated so that S9 on the S-meter corresponds to a signal of 50 μV at the antenna standard terminal impedance 50 ohms . One `` S '' difference should correspond to 6 dB at signal strength ( 2x voltage = 4x power ) . On VHF and UHF receivers used for weak signal communications , S9 often corresponds to 5 μV at the antenna terminal 50 ohms . Amateur radio ( ham ) operators may also use a signal strength of `` 20 to 60 over 9 '' , or `` +20 to +60 over 9 . '' This is in reference to a signal that exceeds S9 on a signal meter on a HF receiver .
Tone
The T stands for `` Tone '' and is measured on a scale of 1 to 9 . Tone only pertains to Morse code and other digital transmission modes and is therefore omitted during voice operations . With modern technology , imperfections in the quality of transmitters ' digital modulation severe enough to be detected by human ears are rare .
Suffixes were historically added to indicate other signal properties , and might be sent as 599K to indicate a clear , strong signal but with bothersome key clicks .
Variations
An example RST report for a voice transmission is `` 59 '' , usually pronounced `` five nine '' or `` five by nine '' , a report that indicates a perfectly readable and very strong signal . Exceptionally strong signals are designated by the quantitative number of decibels , in excess of `` S9 '' , displayed on the receiver 's S meter . Example : `` Your signal is 30 dB over S9 , '' or more simply , `` Your signal is 30 over 9 . ''
Because the N character in Morse code requires less time to send than the 9 , during amateur radio contests where the competing amateur radio stations are all using Morse code , the nines in the RST are typically abbreviated to N to read 5NN . In general , this practice is referred to as abbreviated or `` cut '' numbers .
The RSQ system has also been proposed for digital modes as an alternative to the RST system . The Q replaces `` Tone '' with `` Quality '' on a similar 1-9 scale indicating presence or number of unwanted 'sidebar pairs ' in a narrow-band digital mode , such as PSK31 or RTTY .
See also
Plain Language Radio Checks
QSA and QRK code ( for Morse code only )
SINPO
Signal strength and readability report
Circuit Merit ( for wired and wireless telephone circuits only , not radiotelephony )
QSL card
R-S-M-Q , A Standard Method of Reporting for Telephony , A. M. Braaten , T. & R. Bulletin 1936
References
External links
Ham Radio RST Signal Reporting System for CW Operation , by Charlie Bautsch , W5AM
RSQ - An Improved Signal Reporting System for PSK
Amateur radio
Encodings
Operating signals
Telecommunications-related introductions in 1934
Southminster is a town and electoral ward on the Dengie Peninsula in the Maldon district of Essex in the East of England . It lies about north of Burnham-on-Crouch and southeast of Maldon ; and approximately east-northeast of London . To the north is the River Blackwater , which is tidal and since Roman times has been the gateway to trading in the area .
History
Southminster is in the centre of the Dengie peninsula , which once formed a hundred of the same name .
A major horse market used to be held annually in the town .
Southminster marshes were a favourite centre for hare coursing in Victorian times .
Pandole Wood contains ancient earthworks believed to date from the Iron Age . The landscape surrounding the town , and elsewhere on the peninsula , is characterized by a pattern of strictly rectangular field boundaries , with evidence of a unit of measurement having been applied to the scheme as a whole . Middle Saxon administrations have been suggested as its origin , although the road to the Roman Saxon Shore fort of Othona at Bradwell-on-Sea also conforms to the pattern .
St Leonard 's Church
The medieval St Leonard 's Church dates mainly from the 15th century , although there are traces of much earlier work , including from the 12th century . It is a relatively large , `` townish '' church by Essex standards . The church also stands at an important road junction , contrasting with the familiar Essex pattern of a church and manor house complex on the same site . These features are consistent with John Blair 's formulation of an Anglo-Saxon minster , in contrast to a private oratory in its origins , and the place-name would perhaps suggest Cedd 's mission at the Chapel of St Peter-on-the-Wall near Bradwell ( to the north ) as its parent . The church is a Grade II * listed building .
Several well-known clergymen are associated with the church , including naturalist Walter Henry Hill , curate from 1832 to 1839 , and Alexander John Scott , rector 1805 to 1840 but previously personal chaplain to Horatio Nelson . After the Battle of Trafalgar Nelson died in the arms of Scott , and several artefacts that once belonged to Scott are found in the church .
The church also gives its name to the town 's local football team , Southminster St. Leonards F.C .
There is also a brick-built United Reformed Church building in North Street , Southminster .
Facilities
The town has an infant and a primary school , a small library , a handful of pubs , a swimming pool , a brewery and cidery and one holiday park .
Transport
Southminster railway station , the terminus of a single-line branch that was electrified in the 1980s , provides services to Wickford and Liverpool Street station in London .
In Literature
Southminster is the name given to the fictional cathedral city featured in the short story 'An Episode of Cathedral History ' by M.R . James , published in A Thin Ghost and Others , his third collection of Ghost Stories published in 1919 .
Location Grid
Parishes adjacent to the Southminster parish :
References
Towns in Essex
Civil parishes in Essex
Maldon District
Jesús Marcelo Sucre Medina ( born April 30 , 1988 ) is a Venezuelan professional baseball catcher for the Mariachis de Guadalajara of the Mexican League . He previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Seattle Mariners , Tampa Bay Rays , and Baltimore Orioles .
Career
Seattle Mariners
Sucre was called up to the majors for the first time on May 23 , 2013 . He recorded his first career hit on May 24 against the Texas Rangers .
Sucre was optioned to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers on March 11 , 2014 . He was called back up to the Seattle Mariners on July 8 , upon the release of John Buck to serve as the backup catcher to Mike Zunino .
On June 12 , 2015 , the Seattle Mariners were down 10-0 against the Houston Astros when manager Lloyd McClendon called Sucre out to pitch the bottom of the 8th inning , making his MLB pitching debut . Sucre pitched a scoreless inning , delivering only 7 pitches with 4 strikes and 3 balls allowing only 1 hit , ending the inning with a 0.00 ERA . His fast pitch was 90 mph . Sucre had never pitched in a baseball game before at any level , professional or amateur .
On August 12 , 2015 , Sucre caught teammate Hisashi Iwakuma 's no-hitter . On August 15 , he was brought in to pitch the bottom of the 8th inning in a blowout against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park .
During the 2015-16 offseason , Sucre suffered a broken fibula and sprained ankle while playing in the Venezuelan Winter League . He had surgery in January which was expected to cause him to miss the next six months .
Sucre was activated from the 60-day disabled list on July 6 , 2016 . He was optioned to Tacoma on July 20 , and recalled on September 2 . On January 26 , 2017 , Sucre was designated for assignment by the Mariners . After clearing waivers , Sucre was outrighted to Triple-A Tacoma on February 1 .
Tampa Bay Rays
On February 8 , 2017 , Sucre was traded to the Tampa Bay Rays for a player to be named later or cash . After an impressive spring training , Sucre made the team , beating out Luke Maile and Curt Casali . Sucre established career highs on offense for the season , hitting .256 with 7 home runs and 29 RBI 's .
Sucre began the 2018 season as the backup to Wilson Ramos . On July 18 , the Rays placed Ramos placed on the 10-day disabled list , and Sucre assumed starting responsibilities . His run as starter would n't last long as the Rays acquired Michael Perez from the Arizona Diamondbacks just one week later on July 25 . He hit .209 in 73 games for the Rays . The Rays outrighted him to the minors on November 1 , 2018 . He elected free agency after the season .
Baltimore Orioles
Sucre signed a Minor League contract with the Baltimore Orioles on February 1 , 2019 . He replaced the injured Austin Wynns when his contract was selected by the Orioles on March 25 . After batting .210/.269/.242 with two doubles and three RBIs in 20 games , he was designated for assignment on April 28 and outrighted to the Triple-A Norfolk Tides two days later on April 30 . He elected free agency following the 2019 season .
After the 2019 season , he played for Caribes de Anzoátegui of the Liga Venezolana de Béisbol Profesional ( LVMP ) .
Gastonia Honey Hunters
On June 8 , 2021 , Sucre signed with the Gastonia Honey Hunters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball . He became a free agent following the season .
Diablos Rojos del México
On May 10 , 2022 , Sucre signed with the Diablos Rojos del México of the Mexican League . In 11 games , he batted .206/.308/.235 with 3 RBIs . Sucre was released on May 27 , 2022 .
Mariachis de Guadalajara
On July 9 , 2022 , Sucre signed with the Mariachis de Guadalajara of the Mexican League .
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
, or Retrosheet , or Pelota Binaria ( Venezuelan Winter League )
1988 births
Living people
Arizona League Mariners players
Baltimore Orioles players
Danville Braves players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Dominican Summer League Braves players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Gastonia Honey Hunters players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Jackson Generals ( Southern League ) players
Leones del Caracas players
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Mississippi Braves players
Myrtle Beach Pelicans players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
Norfolk Tides players
People from Cumaná
Rome Braves players
Seattle Mariners players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Tampa Bay Rays players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Emiliano Grillo ( ; born 14 September 1992 ) is an Argentine professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour . He won the 2015 Frys.com Open on the PGA Tour .
Early years and amateur career
In his youth , Grillo was quarter-finalist at the 2008 U.S . Junior Amateur . He got the 2009 Byron Nelson International Junior Golf Award .
Professional career
Grillo turned professional in 2011 and earned playing status on the European Tour via Qualifying School . He finished 10th in his first event , the 2012 Africa Open . He finished 94th in the 2012 European Tour Order of Merit and 89th in 2013 .
In February 2014 , Grillo had his best finish to date on the European Tour , when he finished runner-up behind Stephen Gallacher at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic . Later in the season he finished 8th at the BMW International Open and the BMW Masters , and 11th at the Turkish Airlines Open . He ended 44th on the European Tour Race to Dubai . He also won the Visa Open de Argentina on PGA Tour Latinoamérica .
Grillo began the 2015 European Tour season with a third place at the Volvo China Open , a fifth place at the Qatar Masters , a sixth place at the Open de España and an 11th place at the Shenzhen International . He finished fourth at the DP World Tour Championship , Dubai and 40th on the Race to Dubai .
Also in 2015 , Grillo lost in a five-man playoff at the Puerto Rico Open on the PGA Tour , playing on a sponsor 's exemption , and finished tenth at the Barbasol Championship . In just seven starts , he earned enough to qualify for the 2015 Web.com Tour Finals . He claimed a ninth place at the Hotel Fitness Championship , a runner-up at the Small Business Connection Championship and a first place at the Web.com Tour Championship . Therefore , he finished second at the Finals money list and got a card for the 2016 PGA Tour . Since Grillo only played in seven events during the 2014–15 season , he was still considered a rookie for the 2015–16 season .
In his eighth career PGA Tour event and first as a member , Grillo won the season-opening Frys.com Open on the 2016 PGA Tour , after beating veteran Kevin Na in a sudden-death playoff . He made a 25-foot birdie putt on the 72nd hole for 3-under-par 69 , which was later tied by Na . Grillo then missed a three-foot putt for victory on the first playoff hole , but sealed the win on the second hole with a birdie after Na ended up behind a tree and could only make bogey . The victory gained Grillo entry to the Masters and the 2016 PGA Championship . He also moved up to 36th in the Official World Golf Ranking .
At the 2016 major tournaments , Grillo finished 12th at the Open Championship , 13th at the PGA Championship , 17th at the Masters and 54th at the U.S. Open , with score cards of 283 , 274 , 292 and 293 . He was runner-up at the Japan Golf Tour 's ISPS Handa Global Cup . He was voted 2016 PGA Tour Rookie of the Year .
Amateur wins
2007 Pereira Iraola Cup ( as low amateur at the Argentine Open )
2009 Pereira Iraola Cup ( as low amateur at the Argentine Open )
2011 Terra Cotta Invitational
Professional wins ( 3 )
PGA Tour wins ( 1 )
PGA Tour playoff record ( 1–1 )
Web.com Tour wins ( 1 )
PGA Tour Latinoamérica wins ( 1 )
Playoff record
Japan Golf Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Results in major championships
Results not in chronological order in 2020 .
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied
NT = No tournament due to COVID-19 pandemic
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 6 ( 2015 PGA – 2017 Masters )
Longest streak of top-10s – n/a
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
`` T '' indicates a tie for a place
C = Cancelled after the first round due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Results in World Golf Championships
QF , R16 , R32 , R64 = Round in which player lost in match play
`` T '' = tied
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy ( representing Argentina ) : 2008 , 2010
Professional
World Cup ( representing Argentina ) : 2013
Presidents Cup ( representing the International team ) : 2017
See also
2011 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
2015 Web.com Tour Finals graduates
References
External links
Argentine male golfers
European Tour golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Olympic golfers of Argentina
Golfers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Florida
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
People from Resistencia , Chaco
Sportspeople from Bradenton , Florida
1992 births
Living people
Stoke Goldington is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . It is located about four miles NNW of Newport Pagnell , on the B526 , the old road to Northampton .
The village name 'Stoke ' derives from the Old English 'stoc ' , which means 'place ' . It came to be used in the context of either a religious or a secondary settlement , and is one of the most common place name elements in England ( see Stoke ( disambiguation ) ) . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Stoche . The affix 'Goldington ' came later and refers to `` Peter of Goldington '' ( from Goldington in Bedfordshire ) who was a significant tenant in the village in the medieval period .
in 2015 , the village won the 'Buckinghamshire 's best kept village ' competition
Annual Steam Rally
Until 2011 , the village hosted the Stoke Goldington Steam Rally each May .
Flooding
Stoke Goldington is susceptible to occasional flooding , and suffered badly in 2007 with repeated floods . Water settled up to 1.5 metres deep in places , requiring the evacuation of some of the population . Subsequently , contractors for Milton Keynes City Council installed measures to reduce the flood risk . In May 2018 , there was another flood , that overcame the new flood defences .
References
External links
Stoke Goldington Association web site History , census data , old photographs and more .
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Juliane Wilhelmine Ditlefine von Plüskow ( née von Witzleben ; 1793 –1872 ) was a German noblewoman and Greek court office holder . Von Plüskow was the principal lady-in-waiting of the queen of Greece Amalia of Oldenburg from 1839 to 1862 . Von Plüskow was considered to have a strong influence with the queen . Von Plüskow was described in the diary of Christiane Lüth .
Early years
Juliane Wilhelmine Ditlefine von Witzleben was born as the youngest of four daughters of Christoph Burkhardt Reiniger von Witzleben ( 1760-1815 ) and his wife , Hedwig Dorothea von Rumohr ( 1764-1844 ) .
Wilhelmine married Baron Karl Philipp von Plüskow ( 1788-1821 ) , and was the mother of Josias von Plüskow ( 1815-1894 ) . She was from Oldenburg in what is today Germany .
Court life
Oldenburg was also the home of Duchess Amalia of Oldenburg , who married King Otto in 1836 , becoming the queen consort . In 1839 , Von Plüskow left for Greece to become the grand mistress of the newly formed Greek royal household . Von Plüskow 's predecessor , `` Madame Willy '' ( Dorothea von und zu Weichs an der Glon ) , had been dismissed by Queen Amelia due to alcoholism .
Greece
The Greek Royal Household was new as Greece had just become an independent monarchy and there was no tradition of a royal court before . The ladies-in-waiting of the first queen of independent Greece was organized in one Grande-Maitresse , followed by three second rank dames d'honneur , and two dames de palais .
When von Plüskow arrived in Athens , she took over from the dame d'honneur Julie von Nordenpflycht , the acting grand mistress . Von Plüskow and grand marshal P. Notaras imposed a strict court etiquette in the royal household . She acted as the intermediary of the queen and the foreign ambassadors of Athens .
Von Plüskow was a favorite and confidant of Queen Amelia . Due to this , von Plüskow was widely rumored to influence state affairs , particularly in matters relating to Austria , through both the queen and the king , of which exposed her to controversy . During this time period , there was an ongoing crisis around the childlessness of the royal couple . The queen loved to dance and ride , and Plüskow advised her to stop these activities in order to conceive , but was contradicted by the queen 's influential dame d'honneur Julie von Nordenpflycht , known in Greece as `` The Queen 's Nurse '' . Von Nordenpflycht said that the queen was a young woman who deserved her few pleasures .
Later life
In 1862 , King Otto was deposed and the royal family was forced to flee Greece . During this period of upheavel , the press reported that the royal courtiers were generally unmolested . However , the exception was von Plüskow , who experienced “ hecking ” while boarding a British ship to leave the kingdom .
Von Plüskow moved with the royal family to Bavaria , where she continued to serve as Queen Amalia 's principal lady-in-waiting .
References
1793 births
1872 deaths
Ladies-in-waiting
Greek courtiers
19th-century Greek women
Royal favourites
History of Greece ( 1832–1862 )
The 2017–18 1 . FC Union Berlin season is the 52nd season in the football club 's history and 8th consecutive season in the second division of German football , the 2 . Bundesliga and 12th overall . In addition to the domestic league , 1 . FC Union Berlin also are participating in this season 's edition of the domestic cup , the DFB-Pokal . This is the 52nd season for 1 . FC Union Berlin in the Stadion An der Alten Försterei , located in Köpenick , Berlin , Germany . The season covers a period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 .
Players
Squad information
Transfers
Summer
In :
Out :
Winter
In :
Out :
Matches
Legend
Friendly matches
2 . Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
Squad and statistics
! colspan= '' 13 '' style= '' background : # DCDCDC ; text-align : center '' | Players transferred out during the season
|-
| }
Notes
References
1 . FC Union Berlin seasons
Berlin , Union
The Braille pattern dots-2356 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both middle and both bottom dots raised , or an 8-dot braille cell with both upper-middle and both lower-middle dots raised . It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2836 , and in Braille ASCII with the number 7 .
Unified Braille
In unified international braille , the braille pattern dots-2356 is used for punctuation , or otherwise as needed .
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-2356 are Braille patterns 23567 , 23568 , and 235678 , which are used in 8-dot braille systems , such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille .
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille , the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 3678 , 13678 , 34678 , and 134678 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-2356 , since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 02356 , 23567 , and 023567 are placed above the base 6-dot cell , instead of below , as in standard 8-dot braille .
Kantenji using braille patterns 3678 , 13678 , 34678 , or 134678
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-2356 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978 .
- 囲
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + 囗 = 伐
- selector 2 + 囗 = 戎
- selector 3 + 囗 = 弋
- selector 4 + 囗 = 戈
- selector 5 + 囗 = 冂
- selector 6 + 囗 = 亶
- 囗 + selector 1 = 我
- 囗 + selector 2 = 式
- 囗 + selector 3 = 用
- 囗 + selector 4 = 或
- 囗 + selector 5 = 戔
- 囗 + selector 6 = 角
- 比 + 囗 = 凹
Compounds of 囲 and 囗
- 囗 + な/亻 = 囚
- に/氵 + 囗 + な/亻 = 泅
- 囗 + れ/口 = 回
- 囗 + 囗 + れ/口 = 囘
- な/亻 + 囗 + れ/口 = 嗇
- へ/⺩ + 囗 = 牆
- つ/土 + 囗 + れ/口 = 墻
- き/木 + 囗 + れ/口 = 檣
- ふ/女 + 囗 + れ/口 = 艢
- 心 + 囗 + れ/口 = 薔
- ゆ/彳 + 囗 + れ/口 = 徊
- て/扌 + 囗 + れ/口 = 擅
- ね/示 + 囗 + れ/口 = 禀
- の/禾 + 囗 + れ/口 = 稟
- る/忄 + 囗 + れ/口 = 懍
- よ/广 + 囗 + れ/口 = 廩
- く/艹 + 囗 + れ/口 = 茴
- む/車 + 囗 + れ/口 = 蛔
- ひ/辶 + 囗 + れ/口 = 迴
- お/頁 + 囗 + れ/口 = 顫
- 囗 + け/犬 = 因
- れ/口 + 囗 + け/犬 = 咽
- も/門 + 囗 + け/犬 = 氤
- 火 + 囗 + け/犬 = 烟
- く/艹 + 囗 + け/犬 = 茵
- 囗 + て/扌 = 団
- 囗 + 囗 + て/扌 = 團
- 囗 + ほ/方 = 囮
- 囗 + き/木 = 困
- る/忄 + 囗 + き/木 = 悃
- き/木 + 囗 + き/木 = 梱
- 囗 + 龸 = 図
- 囗 + 囗 + 龸 = 圖
- 囗 + ろ/十 = 固
- な/亻 + 囗 = 個
- 氷/氵 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 凅
- に/氵 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 涸
- や/疒 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 痼
- か/金 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 錮
- 囗 + へ/⺩ = 国
- 囗 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 國
- し/巿 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 幗
- ⺼ + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 膕
- て/扌 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 掴
- き/木 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 椢
- 囗 + さ/阝 = 圏
- 囗 + 囗 + さ/阝 = 圈
- 囗 + え/訁 = 園
- く/艹 + 囗 + え/訁 = 薗
- く/艹 + 囗 = 菌
- selector 1 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 囗
- 囗 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 囹
- 囗 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 囿
- 囗 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 圀
- 囗 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 圃
- 囗 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 圄
- 囗 + つ/土 + か/金 = 圉
- 囗 + 宿 + い/糹/ # 2 = 圍
- 囗 + 宿 + る/忄 = 圜
- に/氵 + 宿 + 囗 = 溷
- の/禾 + 宿 + 囗 = 穡
- ち/竹 + 龸 + 囗 = 箘
- さ/阝 + 宿 + 囗 = 鄙
- 囗 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麕
Compounds of 伐
- ね/示 + 囗 = 袋
- を/貝 + 囗 = 貸
- も/門 + 囗 = 閥
- 仁/亻 + 囗 = 代
- つ/土 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 垈
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 岱
- へ/⺩ + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 玳
- し/巿 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 黛
- ち/竹 + 宿 + 囗 = 筏
Compounds of 戎
- い/糹/ # 2 + 宿 + 囗 = 絨
Compounds of 弋
- 囗 + い/糹/ # 2 = 弐
- selector 1 + 囗 + い/糹/ # 2 = 弍
- 囗 + 囗 + い/糹/ # 2 = 貳
- ⺼ + 囗 + い/糹/ # 2 = 膩
- 囗 + ん/止 = 武
- 龸 + 囗 + ん/止 = 斌
- を/貝 + 囗 + ん/止 = 贇
- か/金 + 囗 + ん/止 = 錻
- ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 幾
- き/木 + 囗 = 機
- ま/石 + 囗 = 磯
- え/訁 + ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 譏
- せ/食 + ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 饑
- 囗 + ゐ/幺 = 畿
- き/木 + 龸 + 囗 = 杙
- 囗 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵡
Compounds of 戈
- と/戸 + 囗 = 戒
- え/訁 + と/戸 + 囗 = 誡
- れ/口 + 囗 = 戦
- れ/口 + れ/口 + 囗 = 戰
- す/発 + 囗 = 戯
- す/発 + す/発 + 囗 = 戲
- selector 4 + 囗 + い/糹/ # 2 = 貮
- を/貝 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戝
- ろ/十 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戟
- む/車 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戮
- や/疒 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戳
- て/扌 + selector 4 + 囗 = 找
- お/頁 + 宿 + 囗 = 戛
- お/頁 + 龸 + 囗 = 戞
- も/門 + 宿 + 囗 = 戡
Compounds of 冂
- ろ/十 + 囗 = 再
- selector 1 + ろ/十 + 囗 = 冉
- く/艹 + ろ/十 + 囗 = 苒
- た/⽥ + 囗 = 冑
- 囗 + 仁/亻 = 内
- れ/口 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 吶
- ⺼ + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 肭
- む/車 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 蚋
- ね/示 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 衲
- え/訁 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 訥
- と/戸 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 靹
- 囗 + ね/示 = 剛
- 囗 + と/戸 = 同
- 囗 + り/分 = 興
- 火 + 囗 + り/分 = 爨
- せ/食 + 囗 + り/分 = 釁
- る/忄 + 囗 + と/戸 = 恫
- に/氵 + 囗 + と/戸 = 洞
- の/禾 + 囗 + と/戸 = 粡
- 囗 + こ/子 = 向
- せ/食 + 囗 + こ/子 = 餉
- 囗 + つ/土 = 周
- 囗 + う/宀/ # 3 = 彫
- ち/竹 + 囗 + う/宀/ # 3 = 簓
- 氷/氵 + 囗 + つ/土 = 凋
- る/忄 + 囗 + つ/土 = 惆
- の/禾 + 囗 + つ/土 = 稠
- い/糹/ # 2 + 囗 + つ/土 = 綢
- む/車 + 囗 + つ/土 = 蜩
- 囗 + の/禾 = 奥
- る/忄 + 囗 = 懊
- つ/土 + 囗 + の/禾 = 墺
- 囗 + 囗 + の/禾 = 奧
- に/氵 + 囗 + の/禾 = 澳
- 火 + 囗 + の/禾 = 燠
- ま/石 + 囗 + の/禾 = 礇
- も/門 + 囗 + の/禾 = 粤
- ね/示 + 囗 + の/禾 = 襖
- 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 岡
- や/疒 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 崗
- き/木 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 棡
- 囗 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 堽
- 囗 + め/目 = 爾
- ゆ/彳 + 囗 + め/目 = 彌
- 氷/氵 + 囗 + め/目 = 瀰
- に/氵 + 囗 + め/目 = 濔
- ね/示 + 囗 + め/目 = 禰
- 囗 + 宿 + え/訁 = 冏
- 火 + 囗 + れ/口 = 烱
- い/糹/ # 2 + 囗 + れ/口 = 絅
- ひ/辶 + 囗 + こ/子 = 迥
- 火 + 宿 + 囗 = 炯
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + 囗 = 邇
- 囗 + selector 4 + い/糹/ # 2 = 雕
Compounds of 亶
- 龸 + 囗 = 壇
- 心 + 龸 + 囗 = 檀
- 囗 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 氈
- そ/馬 + 龸 + 囗 = 羶
Compounds of 我
- そ/馬 + 囗 = 義
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + 囗 = 嶬
- 日 + そ/馬 + 囗 = 曦
- ま/石 + そ/馬 + 囗 = 礒
- ふ/女 + そ/馬 + 囗 = 艤
- む/車 + 囗 = 蛾
- え/訁 + 囗 = 議
- せ/食 + 囗 = 餓
- な/亻 + 囗 + selector 1 = 俄
- れ/口 + 囗 + selector 1 = 哦
- ふ/女 + 囗 + selector 1 = 娥
- や/疒 + 囗 + selector 1 = 峨
- 心 + 囗 + selector 1 = 莪
- 囗 + selector 1 + せ/食 = 鵝
- や/疒 + 宿 + 囗 = 峩
- 囗 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鵞
Compounds of 式
- ゑ/訁 + 囗 = 試
- む/車 + 囗 + selector 2 = 軾
- 囗 + め/目 + の/禾 = 弑
- て/扌 + 宿 + 囗 = 拭
Compounds of 用
- よ/广 + 囗 = 庸
- な/亻 + よ/广 + 囗 = 傭
- る/忄 + よ/广 + 囗 = 慵
- む/車 + 囗 + selector 3 = 蛹
Compounds of 或
- 囗 + 心 = 惑
- も/門 + 囗 + selector 4 = 閾
- 囗 + お/頁 + selector 4 = 馘
Compounds of 戔
- ほ/方 + 囗 = 残
- ほ/方 + ほ/方 + 囗 = 殘
- に/氵 + 囗 = 浅
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 囗 = 淺
- お/頁 + 囗 = 賎
- に/氵 + お/頁 + 囗 = 濺
- み/耳 + 囗 = 践
- み/耳 + み/耳 + 囗 = 踐
- か/金 + 囗 = 銭
- か/金 + か/金 + 囗 = 錢
- き/木 + 宿 + 囗 = 桟
- き/木 + selector 4 + 囗 = 棧
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + 囗 = 牋
- 囗 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盞
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 囗 = 箋
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + 囗 = 綫
- を/貝 + 宿 + 囗 = 賤
- せ/食 + 宿 + 囗 = 餞
Compounds of 角
- 囗 + そ/馬 = 解
- よ/广 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 廨
- る/忄 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 懈
- む/車 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 蟹
- ひ/辶 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 邂
- 囗 + そ/馬 + selector 2 = 觧
- 囗 + む/車 = 触
- 囗 + 囗 + む/車 = 觸
- 囗 + 数 = 觴
- れ/口 + 囗 + selector 6 = 嘴
- つ/土 + 囗 + selector 6 = 埆
- き/木 + 囗 + selector 6 = 桷
- 心 + 囗 + selector 6 = 槲
- 囗 + 比 + と/戸 = 斛
- む/車 + 龸 + 囗 = 蠏
- 囗 + 宿 + こ/子 = 觚
- 囗 + 比 + selector 4 = 觜
- 囗 + selector 1 + ん/止 = 觝
- 囗 + う/宀/ # 3 + せ/食 = 鵤
Compounds of 凹
- い/糹/ # 2 + 比 + 囗 = 雋
Compounds of 口
- う/宀/ # 3 + 囗 = 亮
- れ/口 + う/宀/ # 3 + 囗 = 喨
- さ/阝 + 囗 = 叩
- ぬ/力 + 囗 = 召
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 劭
- そ/馬 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 貂
- ひ/辶 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 迢
- さ/阝 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 邵
- ま/石 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 韶
- り/分 + 囗 = 合
- て/扌 + 囗 = 拾
- ち/竹 + 囗 = 答
- れ/口 + り/分 + 囗 = 哈
- ふ/女 + り/分 + 囗 = 姶
- や/疒 + り/分 + 囗 = 峇
- る/忄 + り/分 + 囗 = 恰
- て/扌 + り/分 + 囗 = 拿
- ん/止 + り/分 + 囗 = 歙
- に/氵 + り/分 + 囗 = 洽
- ⺼ + り/分 + 囗 = 盒
- ち/竹 + り/分 + 囗 = 箚
- の/禾 + り/分 + 囗 = 粭
- 心 + り/分 + 囗 = 荅
- と/戸 + り/分 + 囗 = 鞳
- む/車 + り/分 + 囗 = 蛤
- ね/示 + り/分 + 囗 = 袷
- も/門 + り/分 + 囗 = 閤
- ま/石 + り/分 + 囗 = 龕
- し/巿 + 囗 = 吊
- ふ/女 + 囗 = 否
- や/疒 + ふ/女 + 囗 = 痞
- け/犬 + 囗 = 呑
- つ/土 + 囗 = 喜
- な/亻 + つ/土 + 囗 = 僖
- る/忄 + つ/土 + 囗 = 憙
- き/木 + つ/土 + 囗 = 橲
- 火 + つ/土 + 囗 = 熹
- ね/示 + つ/土 + 囗 = 禧
- せ/食 + つ/土 + 囗 = 鱚
- 氷/氵 + 囗 = 淳
- や/疒 + 囗 = 癌
- の/禾 + 囗 = 粘
- い/糹/ # 2 + 囗 = 給
- ⺼ + 囗 = 膈
- 囗 + 囗 = 呟
- 囗 + 宿 = 呪
- 囗 + か/金 = 呵
- 囗 + ぬ/力 = 喫
- 囗 + ⺼ = 嘲
- 囗 + し/巿 = 噂
- 囗 + み/耳 = 囁
- 囗 + ひ/辶 = 邑
- よ/广 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 廱
- や/疒 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 癰
- る/忄 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 悒
- と/戸 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 扈
- に/氵 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 滬
- 囗 + お/頁 = 頷
- 囗 + せ/食 = 鳴
- ⺼ + 囗 + け/犬 = 臙
- れ/口 + 宿 + 囗 = 串
- 囗 + ま/石 + し/巿 = 啻
- 囗 + 宿 + ん/止 = 嗽
- 囗 + ゐ/幺 + や/疒 = 嚮
- 囗 + ん/止 + の/禾 = 齠
Other compounds
- 囗 + ま/石 = 函
- 囗 + 囗 + ま/石 = 凾
- に/氵 + 囗 + ま/石 = 涵
- 囗 + 比 = 麗
- な/亻 + 囗 + 比 = 儷
- に/氵 + 囗 + 比 = 灑
- そ/馬 + 囗 + 比 = 驪
- ひ/辶 + 囗 + め/目 = 迩
- む/車 + 宿 + 囗 = 輿
- と/戸 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 髫
Notes
Braille patterns
Tyrrhenia may refer to :
Tyrrhenia aka Etruria or Tyrsenia , the land of the Etruscans , a pre-Indo-European-speaking people on the Italic peninsula , that was subsumed into the growing Roman Republic .
An era of Etruria , see List of Iron Age states
Sea of Tyrrhenia , a region of the Mediterranean , between Italy , Sicily , Corsica , Sardinia
( 1920-1940 ) , British oceanliner
A subgenus of Nebria containing :
Nebria apuana
Nebria eugeniae
Nebria fulviventris
Nebria lareyniei
Nebria orsinii
Nebria reymondi
Nebria rubicunda rubicunda
Nebria testacea
Nebria uluderensis
Nebria vanvolxemi
See also
Tyrrhenian ( disambiguation )
Tyrsenian ( disambiguation ) aka Tyrrhenian
Etruscan ( disambiguation ) aka Tyrrhenian
Etrurian ( disambiguation ) aka Tyrrhenian
Etruria ( disambiguation ) aka Tyrrhenia
James Cushing may refer to :
James M. Cushing ( 1908–1963 ) , US Army mining engineer
James T. Cushing ( 1937–2002 ) , American physicist and philosopher of science
Jim Cushing , American DJ at KCPR
On Land and in the Sea is the second studio album proper by the English rock band Cardiacs . Produced by band leader Tim Smith , it was recorded and mixed in 1988 at The Slaughterhouse studios in Yorkshire and released in May 1989 by the band 's label Alphabet Business Concern . The record features a complex sound , with songs moving through rapid shifts in tempo and key , as well as more experimentation with song structures than the group 's previous album . Critics have described the record as art rock and pop in style . It was their final album with their `` classic '' six-piece line-up .
Promoted by the single `` Baby Heart Dirt '' , On Land and in the Sea received mixed reviews from music critics , although attracted more favourable notices than the group 's previous work . Many Cardiacs fans consider it the band 's best album . The album also turned future Cardiacs member Kavus Torabi onto the group . The album was re-released in 1995 and 2007 after the album fell out-of-print .
Recording and composition
Momentum for On Land and in the Sea , Cardiacs ' fifth album and second widely-distributed release , was built by the mild success of the group 's previous album , A Little Man and a House and the Whole World Window ( 1988 ) , and its single `` Is This the Life ? `` , which was the group 's only appearance on the UK Singles Chart , reaching number 80 . The album was recorded and mixed at The Slaughterhouse , Yorkshire , between Summer and Autumn 1988 , except `` Horse Head '' and `` The Safety Bowl '' , which the liner notes describe as being recorded `` in the hand '' and `` in the bush '' respectively . It was the group 's final album with the `` classic '' six-piece line-up , as William D. Drake , Tim Quy and Sarah Smith left the group after its release , leaving drummer Dominic Luckman with Tim Smith , the group 's guitarist , vocalist and leader , and Jim Smith . Drake later said of the sessions : `` I was in the studio the whole time and got to see how Tim was working . It was just great fun , lots of exploring and experimenting . '' The record was produced by Tim Smith and engineered by Graham Simmonds and Roger Tebbutt .
The album disregards typical musical elements , such as constant tempos , a regular time signature and definable keys , in favour of a chaotic art rock approach , although each song keeps a coherent structure . According to writer Nick Reed , `` the music is more complex than most of what came out of big-deal prog groups like Yes , Genesis , and King Crimson , but it certainly does n't feel that way on the surface . Compared to A Little Man , more songs on On Land and in the Sea have shifting tempos and moving parts , and the group experiment more with song structures , with several songs not breaking the two-minute mark while several other songs are longer . Some songs , such as `` The Stench of Honey '' and `` Two Bites of Cherry '' , feature rapid , unpredictable shifts in tempo and metre and rely on staccato guitar chords as a musical anchor as opposed to drums . `` Horsehead '' opens with alternating male-female vocals , a psychedelic piano line and whirring beat , a section which lasts less than half a minute . `` The Everso Closely Guarded Line '' , which largely stays in time but switches tempo at unexpected points , features an array of instrumentation and sounds including organ , strings , synthesiser , a xylophone-like percussive instrument and a baby 's cry . The album 's lyrics also feature a number of cut-and-paste quotes or paraphrases from the work of the nineteenth-century Irish poet George Darley ( in the songs `` Arnald '' and `` Mare 's Nest '' ) and English As She Is Spoke by Pedro Carolino .
Release
The release of On the Land and in the Sea was announced in the Cardiacs newsletter . The album was released by the band 's own label Alphabet Business Concern ( ABC ) on 2 May 1989 on CD , LP and cassette formats , although was able to be pre-ordered from ABC before that date , and was preceded by the single `` Baby Heart Dirt '' released on 10 April in seven-inch and twelve-inch formats . All releases were distributed by Pinnacle . Cardiacs ' newsletter also offered a signed copy of the album to recipients sending `` a morally uplifting motto or proverb '' in fewer than nine words . Dutch record label Torso released the album on CD with the inclusion of five extra tracks . Cardiacs premiered most of the album 's songs at a gig in Scunthorpe , having rehearsed intensely for five days . Their subsequent performance at the Salisbury Arts Centre in 1990 was released as the film Maresnest . The band 's catalogue had become out-of-print by the mid-1990s , leading ABC to reissue all the group 's albums , including On Land and in the Sea , on CD in May 1995 . The ABC edition was re-pressed in 2007 , and is currently available on the band 's Bandcamp page .
Critical reception
On Land and in the Sea received some of the best reviews of Cardiacs ' career . Noting the band 's previous role as `` fruitcake purveyors of irreverent , florid , and pomp-ish pop , both harking back to the early ‘ 70s and ridiculing that period 's excesses , '' Q '' 's Henry Williams described the album as `` a tour-de-force '' and `` a scary and unanticipated triumph , '' referring to the music 's `` manic , cackling pace '' and comparing Cardiacs ' work to both the Small Faces and Peter Hammill . In Melody Maker , Andrew Smith described it as the first album to capture `` the full majesty '' of Cardiacs ' sound and dubbed it `` insanely sharp ; one continuous , sweeping , collection of sawn-off epic joy ... a deeply satisfying album . '' He also praised the album 's energy and observed `` echoes of Broadway musical – in the unapologetic , audacious breadth and scale of their sound – as well as the inscrutably Germanic qualities of a Brecht or Eisler ( both of whom would have loved this album ) . In fact , The Cardiacs are very Brechtian : they never allow the listener to settle into passive receptivity . '' In Sounds , Cathi Unsworth described Cardiacs as `` a sprawling frenzied fiesta , beating out their own inimitable sound with the starkest , most vibrant shades in the palette , '' and called the album `` a veritable masterpiece that stands alone in demented ingenuity . ''
Retrospectively , Dean Carlson of AllMusic described On Land and in the Sea as a `` whirligig of shattered atonal pop '' that was uneasy to like , adding that the album was `` [ g ] reat for those who liked staticy hip-hop , piercing keyboards , Long Ranger harmonicas , and the sound of a tape deck being clicked off , less so for those who did n't . '' In Rock : The Rough Guide , Lance Phillips said the album is revered by fans of Cardiacs to be the group 's `` outstanding release , '' but added that it is `` weighted too heavily '' towards `` furious rapid-fire '' style songs . William R. of Sputnikmusic described the `` excellent and influential '' album as a `` difficult but rewarding foray into the weird side of art rock . '' Although he felt that `` it feels like sometimes Cardiacs are being avant-garde for the sake of being avant-garde '' , with songs constantly pursuing `` some sort of disorienting tempo change , meter change , weird harmonies or some combination '' , he considered it an excellent , `` mysteriously catchy '' album that is `` never actually unenjoyable . '' Nick Reed of The Quietus described the album as an advance on A Little Man and `` still as insane and awesome as I remember it - most albums tend to lose a bit of lustre after you play them for months and months on end , but if anything , On Land feels like it 's even more than what I remembered . ''
Legacy
Many Cardiacs fans consider On Land and in the Sea be the band 's best album . According to Sean Kitching of The Quietus , fans are split between those who consider On Land and in the Sea the band 's best recorded work , and those who consider Sing to God ( 1996 ) instead , noting that the choice perhaps depends `` on the era of the individual 's initial fascination as well as their breadth of preferred musical palette . '' Future Cardiacs guitarist Kavus Torabi said discovering the album was `` like a clarion call to haul my lazy refusenik butt from a twilight existence in the South West of this England all the way over to London and get on board with the rigmarole of making proper far out music . '' In a list for The Quietus , he named it one of his favourite albums , saying `` when this came out I genuinely thought they were going to be the new Beatles , '' adding that `` it 's an absolutely perfect album . It exists completely in its own dimension . It 's everything you want from music . '' Fellow future member Jon Poole said that , `` as a fan '' , it 's his favourite Cardiacs album , adding that it `` [ b ] rings back great memories of following the band around in a tiny car with [ future Cardiacs drummer ] Bob Leith . '' William D. Drake said he aims to pursue `` the same level of exploration '' in his solo albums that Cardiacs had with A Little Man and On Land and in the Sea .
English musician Alexander Tucker , who discovered On Land and in the Sea aged 14 , also named it one of his favourite albums in another list for the website , saying `` [ t ] he world presented in these weird proggy psychedelic songs spoke of a strange grey English landscape of suburban surrealism - of mum and dad , home , birth , death and flowers . '' He told an interviewer for Concrete Island that he felt close kinship to Tim Smith , whose lyrics on the album he calls `` a mixture of the everyday and the complete cut-up Dadaist nonsense . '' Ginger Wildheart of the Wildhearts told Kerrang ! : `` Every song of ours that features an extended riff section owes as much to Cardiacs as to early Metallica . And On Land and in the Sea is to Cardiacs what Master of Puppets is to Metallica . ''
Track listing
All songs written by Tim Smith unless otherwise indicated .
1989 Alphabet Business Concern LP
1989 Alphabet Business Concern CD
Torso CD
Unlisted extra tracks are marked with `` * '' .
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of On Land and in the Sea ''
Cardiacs
Tim Smith – vocals and guitar
Jim Smith – bass and vocals
Sarah Smith – saxophone and vocals
William D. Drake – keyboard and vocals
Tim Quy – percussion and keyboard
Dominic Luckman – drums
Additional personnel
Graham Simmonds – engineer
Roger Tebbutt – engineer
Steve Stringer – photography ( back cover )
Steve Payne – photography ( front cover )
Notes
References
Cardiacs albums
1989 albums
Art rock albums by English artists
Pop albums by English artists
Mülmisch is a river of Hesse , Germany . It flows into the Fulda in Körle .
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Spasmofen is the trade name for a combination drug used to relieve symptoms of painful cramps in smooth muscle , mainly in the bile ducts , urinary tract or gastrointestinal tract . The onset of relief can be felt after approximately 20 minutes , and last 3-5 hours .
It consists of the following drugs :
methscopolamine , a muscarinic antagonist that decreases muscular spasms
codeine , an analgesic of the opioid class
morphine , also an opioid
papaverine , an opium alkaloid antispasmodic drug
noscapine
References
Antispasmodics
Combination analgesics
The Golden Goblet Award for Best Documentary Film ( Chinese : 金爵奖最佳纪录片 ) is the highest prize awarded to films in the documentary category of competition at the Shanghai International Film Festival .
Award Winners
References
Lists of films by award
Shanghai International Film Festival
Marian Rada ( born 14 May 1960 ) is a Romanian former football defender and currently a manager .
Career
He started to play in the country 's second division ( Liga II ) in 1981 , for Autobuzul Bucharest . After he spent two seasons in Liga II , he was transferred to Rapid Bucharest , where he found great success . After three years played in top division with Rapid Bucharest , he moved to Universitatea Craiova , where he played only for one season . In 1987 , he came back to his soul club – Rapid Bucharest , where he played for another four years , after that he retired .
Coaching career
In 1991 , after he retired , he was started a new career , as manager . After three years of preparation , he started as assistant manager at the first team of Rapid Bucharest . After that was followed a long period when he was a assistant manager at the first team , manager at the second team , manager on the club academy or even director of the club .
In March 2008 , after the resignation of Mircea Rednic , Rada took for the very first time the post of principal manager . He survived in that position 9 rounds , until the end of the season , when he was replaced with Jose Peseiro . The next season , he started as principal manager on the Rapid Bucharest II , in the third division .
In January 2009 , after an unsatisfying first part of the season for the first team , Rada was recalled to the first team . He managed the club together with Adrian Iencsi ( which is assistant manager and player in the same time ) and Grigore Sichitiu ( technical director ) .
After 15 years on 18 April 2009 has quit Rapid Bucharest after Wednesday 's 2–4 defeat against Dinamo Bucharest in the Romanian Cup quarter finals . His place was taken by the former assistant coach Adrian Iencsi .
In October 2012 , Rada was reinstalled as the head coach of Rapid . He was sacked at the end of the season .
In September 2014 , Rada took again the control of Rapid . His contract was ended by mutual agreement in December 2014 .
Honours
Player
Rapid București
Divizia B : 1989–90
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Footballers from Bucharest
Romanian footballers
AFC Rocar București players
FC Rapid București players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
Liga I players
Romania international footballers
Romanian football managers
FC Rapid București managers
Association football midfielders
Asztalos is a Hungarian-language occupational surname literally meaning `` carpenter '' . Notable people with this surname include :
Csaba Ferenc Asztalos
Dávid Asztalos
Lajos Asztalos
Hungarian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Chundawats are a Rajput clan and were powerful chiefs in the Mewar region during the 1700s . They are the descendants of the 15th century Mewari prince Chunda Sisodia , the eldest son of Rana Lakha . Having surrendered his right to the throne to his younger brother Mokal Singh , Chunda gained for his descendants the right to advise the reigning Rana on matters of State as well as an exalted position on the royal council .
References
Rajput clans of Rajasthan
The stripe-billed araçari ( Pteroglossus sanguineus ) , is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae . It is found in Colombia and Ecuador . They mostly consume Fruits , but they 're also open to a wide variety of animal foods like small reptiles , amphibians , and mammals .
Taxonomy and systematics
The stripe-billed aracari is considered to be a subspecies of the collared aracari by some authorities .
References
stripe-billed aracari
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
stripe-billed aracari
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John Fitzgerald and Anders Järryd were the defending champions , but lost in the semifinals this year .
John McEnroe and Patrick McEnroe won in the final 6–4 , 6–2 , against Patrick Galbraith and Danie Visser .
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1993 Paris Open Doubles draw
1992 Paris Open
1992 ATP Tour
Ayogya is a 2018 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film directed by debutante S. Mahesh Kumar and produced by T. R. Chandrashekar . It stars Sathish Ninasam and Rachita Ram in the lead along with P. Ravishankar , Chikkanna , Saritha , and Sadhu Kokila among others in key supporting roles . The music is scored by Arjun Janya and cinematography is by Preetham Thegginamane .
The film , based on a rural theme , was shot in and around Mandya district in Karnataka . It was released on 17 August 2018 across Karnataka , became a blockbuster , and received average reviews from critics . The Hindi dubbing rights was sold prior to the release of the film .
Cast
Soundtrack
Arjun Janya was brought in to compose the soundtrack and score for the film . This marks the first collaboration of Janya with actor Sathish Ninasam . Folk singer Anthony Daasan was hired to record the title track . Director-lyricist Chethan Kumar penned the lyrics for all the songs . The single `` Yenammi Yenammi '' video was officially released by actor Dhruva Sarja .
Critical reception
Cinema Express wrote `` Overall , with a rural backdrop that brings freshness , Ayogya is engaging , and keeps the audience in good spirits throughout '' . Times of India wrote `` Debutant director Mahesh manages to impress in his first outing by churning a commercial potboiler with the right mix of comedy , catchy dialogues and action to make a a perfect weekend watch '' .
References
External links
Ayogya info
2018 films
Indian romantic comedy films
2018 romantic comedy films
2018 masala films
2010s Kannada-language films
Films scored by Arjun Janya
Films shot in Karnataka
SCAN or Schedules for Clinical Assessment in Neuropsychiatry is a set of tools created by WHO aimed at diagnosing and measuring mental illness that may occur in adult life . It is not constructed explicitly for use with either ICD-10 or DSM-IV but can be used for both systems . The SCAN system was originally called PSE , or Present State Examination , but since version 10 ( PSE-10 ) , the commonly accepted name has been SCAN . The current version of SCAN is 2.1 .
Interview items
The entire SCAN interview consists of 1,872 items , spread out over 28 sections . Most patients , however , will only need parts of the interview , and it is assessed in the beginning of each section if the section is actually relevant . The sections are as follows :
Section 0 - Face sheet and sociodemographic items
The first section in the SCAN interview is concerned with sociodemographic items such as age , gender , education , etc .
Section 1 - Beginning the Interview
In section 1 ( the second section ) , the interviewer starts to ask the respondent or patient about what kinds of symptoms has been experienced . This section is not used in diagnosis , but it is intended as a help for the interviewer to determine which items in the interview to emphasize on . As such , it is a screening tool for part 1 of the interview ( sections 2 to 13 ) .
Section 2 - Somatoform and dissociative symptoms
Section 2 is primarily centered on somatoform and dissociative symptoms and is rated both by using direct questions and by observing the patient .
Section 3 - Worrying , tension , etc .
Section 3 explores the degree of worrying and tension in the patient , by direct questions about feelings of worrying , nervous tension , muscular tension , fatiguability , noise sensitivity , etc .
Section 4 - Panic , Anxiety and phobias
Section 4 measures the degree and physiological reactions associated with potential anxiety attacks and phobias , including behaviour in which situations are avoided due to phobias . Fear of dying and generalized anxiety disorder are also measured .
Section 5 - Obsessional symptoms
Section 5 explores , by direct questions , whether the respondent experiences behaviour characteristic of OCD .
Section 6 - Depressed mood and ideation
Section 6 measures , by direct questions , whether the respondent is depressed , by items relating to feeling low , uncontrolled crying , anhedonia , loss of feeling , suicidal tendencies , social withdrawal , insomnia or hypersomnia , dysthymia , etc .
Section 7 - Thinking , concentration , energy , interest
Section 7 measures cognitive functioning through direct questions about concentration , loss of interests or drive , and being overwhelmed by everyday tasks .
Section 8 - Bodily functions
Section 8 asks direct questions about weight and weight gain or loss , appetite , sleep patterns , and libido .
Section 9 - Eating disorders
Section 9 aims to diagnose eating disorders such as bulimia and anorexia nervosa .
Section 10 - Expansive mood and ideation
Section 10 measures whether the respondent experiences euphoria or abnormally elevated mood ( mania ) , which can be used in diagnosing , for instance , bipolar disorders .
Section 11 - Use of alcohol
Section 11 measures , through direct questions , amounts of alcoholic beverages consumed and social , legal , physical , and other problems related to alcohol use .
Section 12 - Use of psychoactive substances other than alcohol
Section 12 measures , again through direct questions , the same as section 11 , only relating to prescription drugs , illicit drugs , and nicotine .
Section 13 - Interference and attributions for part one
This section is rated by the interviewer based on the clinical picture of the interview and the patient in general , and is thus not completed by using direct questions .
Section 14 - Screen for items in part two
Just like section 1 , section 14 is used for screening the existence of symptoms , in this case for part 2 of the SCAN interview which focuses on psychotic symptoms .
Section 15 - Language problems at examination
In this section , the interviewer rates the existence of any language problems that makes conducting the interview impossible . Many of the other sections provide options for rating that assessment of individual items is impossible because of the presence of language problems recorded in section 15 .
Section 16 - Perceptual disorders other than hallucinations
Section 16 measures , through direct questions , whether non-hallucinatory perceptual disorders are present . These may present themselves by the respondents stating to have experiences of their surroundings being distorted , or unreal ( derealization ) , or that they themselves are not real , but more like characters in a play ( depersonalization ) . Experiences such as believing that one 's reflection is unrecognizable , or that one 's appearance has been changed , are also rated here .
Section 17 - Hallucinations
In this section , the respondent is asked about the experience of hallucinations , be they visual , auditory ( verbal or non-verbal ) , olfactory , tactile , or sexual .
Section 18 - Experiences of thought interference and replacement of will
Section 18 measures the existence and type of thought interference . These include the respondents ' thoughts being read , loud ( i.e . having voice-like sound ) , echoing , being broadcast , or even stolen . Experiences of thought being inserted into the respondents ' minds are also rated here , as is the experience of thought stopping , involuntarily , as suddenly as a TV becoming unplugged . Alternate lines of thought , that do n't belong to the respondent but that comment on the respondents thoughts , are rated as well . So is the experience of external forces ( e.g . other people ) controlling the respondents ' will , voice , handwriting , actions , or affect .
Section 19 - Delusions
Delusions of being spied upon , and other paranoid delusions , are rated by direct questions in this section . Other types of delusions covered in this section include others not being who they claim to be , that people close to the respondent have been replaced with lookalikes , and delusions of conspiracy . Furthermore , hypochondrial delusions , and grandiose delusions , etc. , are rated by the interviewer .
Section 20 - Further information for classification of Part 2 symptoms
This section is fully rated by the interviewer after the interview , and deals with aspects of duration and course of schizophrenia and psychosis and other symptoms rated in part 2 of the SCAN interview .
Section 21 - Cognitive impairment and decline
This section consists of a series of tests to be conducted by the respondent to establish the presence of cognitive impairment such as dementia . The majority of the section consists of a Mini-Mental State Examination ( MMSE ) . This includes testing the respondents ' ability to know where they are , what the date and year is , to remember words , to follow instructions , attention , and concentration .
Section 22 - Motor and behavioral items
This section is rated by the interviewer based on observing the respondents , or consulting their medical charts . A variety of items are assessed , including underactivity , stupor , distractibility , agitation , ambitendence , echopraxia , embarrassing or bizarre behavior , histrionic behavior , self injury , hoarding of objects , and a variety of negative symptoms .
See also
Diagnostic classification and rating scales used in psychiatry
References
Wing , J . `` SCAN and the PSE tradition . '' Soc.Psychiatry Psychiatr.Epidemiol . 31.2 ( 1996 ) : 50–54 .
Wing , J. K. , et al . `` SCAN . Schedules for Clinical Assessment in Neuropsychiatry . '' Arch.Gen.Psychiatry 47.6 ( 1990 ) : 589–93 .
Mental disorders screening and assessment tools
Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east-central Poland .
Geography
It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbno , south-west of Węgrów , and east of Warsaw .
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Te Tiare Association ( TTA ) is the LGBTQ+ advocacy organisation in the Cook Islands . It works to celebrate the country 's 'akava'ine , akatututane and LGBT communities .
Background
The Te Tiare Association Inc. ( TTA ) was formally incorporated on 30 November 2007 at the Rarotonga High Court . It is an organisation established to bring together 'akava'ine in the Cook Islands for education and advocacy purposes . On 21 June 2008 the Te Tiare Association was officially launched as part of a partnership with the Pacific Islands Aids Foundation . It is the only LGBTQ+ advisory group in the Cook Islands .
Campaigns
From its inception the TTA has promoted sexual health awareness , the prevention of sexually transmitted infections and the prevention of HIV . Community building has also been an important aspect of its purpose , since some members of its communities are estranged from their families due to their identities and sexualities .
The TTA campaigns for the repeal of discriminatory laws in the Cook Islands which make homosexuality illegal . In order to counter the current legal situation the TTA is using Section 64 of the Cook Islands Constitution , which protects people from discrimination . The campaign organised by the TTA has become known as the Pride Campaign . Activist Sonya Apa Temata organised a petition in 2020 , which gathered over 5000 signatures of people for were in favour of a repeal of the laws against homosexuality .
Louisa Wall MP has been vocal in support of the TTA 's work , stating that the Cook Islands homophobic laws are a direct inheritance of British colonialism . In 2020 Cook Islander , Alex Nicholls , married his husband in Australia due to the criminalisation of homosexuality there .
In 2019 the TTA led a campaign which challenged a ban on the screening of the Elton John biopic Rocketman which was due to be imposed by the Chief Censor . The TTA successfully argued that a ban was unconstitutional .
Culture
The Te Tiare Association organised the Cook Islands inaugural Pride Day in 2020 , however the event was cancelled due to COVID-19 . The TTA dance troupe performed in 2021 at the Cook Islands Business and Professional Women 's Association 's ( BPW ) International Women 's Day event .
Notable people
Tuaine , Lady Marsters ( patron )
Val Wichman ( former president )
Regina Potina ( former president )
References
External links
YouTube : TAGATA PASIFIKA : Pearls of Meganesia are a group of young Fa'afafine and Akavaine
Cook Islands
LGBT organizations based in Oceania
Transgender organizations
The Arabian Nightmare is a novel by Robert Irwin published in 1983 . The Arabian Nightmare was inspired by The Arabian Nights , as well as the novel The Manuscript Found in Saragossa by Jan Potocki .
Plot summary
The Arabian Nightmare is a novel in which the setting is Cairo in 1486 , under the rule of the Mamluk Sultanate . The protagonist is Balian of Norwich , an Englishman going to a pilgrimage to the view the relics of Saint Catherine in the Sinai Desert , while also working as a spy for the French court . After Balian arrives in Cairo , he falls asleep and begins to have a series of disturbing dreams .
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed The Arabian Nightmare for White Dwarf # 69 , and stated that `` It is a dream without awakening ( says the blurb ) , a flight without escape , a tale without end . I liked it a lot . '' John Clute , reviewing The Arabian Nightmare , stated `` The Arabian Nightmare is a joy to read . As a teacher of medieval history who has published in the field , Irwin clearly knows Mameluke Egypt very thoroughly indeed and has anchored his most fantastical flights with details that seem clearly authentic '' .
Reviews
Review by Brian Stableford ( 1984 ) in Fantasy Review , October 1984
Review by Maureen Porter ( 1987 ) in Vector 141
Review by Don D'Ammassa ( 1988 ) in Science Fiction Chronicle , # 102 March 1988
Review by Robert K. J. Killheffer ( 1989 ) in The New York Review of Science Fiction , May 1989
References
1983 novels
English fantasy novels
Novels set in the 1480s
This is a list of active youth orchestras . National youth orchestras are highlighted in bold .
Asia
Arab Youth Philharmonic Orchestra
Asian Youth Orchestra
Afghanistan
Afghan Youth Orchestra
Cambodia
Angkor National Youth Orchestra
China
National Youth Orchestra of China
Guangzhou Symphony Youth Orchestra
Hong Kong
Metropolitan Youth Orchestra of Hong Kong
Hong Kong Festival Orchestra
India
India National Youth Orchestra
Iraq
National Youth Orchestra of Iraq
Israel
Young Israel Philharmonic Orchestra
Japan
Fukushima Youth Sinfonietta
Malaysia
Malaysian Philharmonic Youth Orchestra
Singapore
Singapore National Youth Orchestra
Thailand
Siam Sinfonietta
Turkey
Turkish National Youth Philharmonic Orchestra
Africa
South Africa
South African National Youth Orchestra Foundation
Johannesburg Youth Orchestra
Europe
European Union Youth Orchestra
European Union Baroque Orchestra
Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra
Internationale Junge Orchesterakademie
Junges Klangforum Mitte Europa
Kremerata Baltica
Baltic Sea Philharmonic
Austria
Wiener Jeunesse Orchester
Denmark
Danish Youth Ensemble
Finland
Helsinki Strings
France
Orchestre Français des Jeunes
Germany
Bundesjugendorchester
Junge Deutsche Philharmonie
Deutsche Streicherphilharmonie
Landesjugendorchester Baden-Württemberg
Greece
Greek Youth Symphony Orchestra
Ireland
National Youth Orchestra of Ireland
Cross Border Orchestra of Ireland
Galway Youth Orchestra
Italy
Orchestra Giovanile Italiana
Moldova
Moldovan National Youth Orchestra
Netherlands
National Youth Orchestra of the Netherlands
Norway
Norwegian National Youth Orchestra
Poland
Polish Sinfonia Iuventus Orchestra
Portugal
Portuguese Youth Orchestra
Portuguese Chamber Orchestra
Romania
Romanian Youth Orchestra
Slovakia
Slovak Youth Orchestra
Spain
Spanish National Youth Orchestra
Russia
Russian National Youth Symphony Orchestra
Sweden
El Sistema Sweden National Orchestra
Stockholm Youth Symphony Orchestra
United Kingdom
National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain
National Children 's Orchestra of Great Britain
National Schools Symphony Orchestra
National Scout and Guide Symphony Orchestra
National Youth String Orchestra
National Youth Wind Orchestra of Great Britain
England
CBSO Youth Orchestra
City of Sheffield Youth Orchestra
Colne Valley Training Orchestra
Colne Valley Youth Orchestra
Leicestershire Schools Symphony Orchestra
London Schools Symphony Orchestra
Nottingham Youth Orchestra
Reading Youth Orchestra
Somerset County Youth Orchestra
South Tyneside Youth Orchestra
Stockport Youth Orchestra
Suffolk Youth Orchestra
Tees Valley Youth Orchestra
Wessex Youth Orchestra
Scotland
National Youth Orchestras of Scotland
West of Scotland Schools Symphony Orchestra
Wales
National Youth Orchestra of Wales
Oceania
Australia
Australian Youth Orchestra
ABC Sinfonia
Adelaide Youth Orchestra
Australian Youth Orchestra
Melbourne String Ensemble
Northern Sydney Youth Orchestra
Queensland Youth Orchestras
SBS Radio and Television Youth Orchestra
Sydney Youth Orchestra
Victorian Youth Symphony Orchestra
West Australian Youth Jazz Orchestra
New Zealand
National Youth Orchestra of New Zealand
Americas
American Heritage Lyceum Philharmonic
Canada
National Youth Orchestra of Canada
Montreal Youth Symphony Orchestra
New Brunswick Youth Orchestra
Richmond Delta Youth Orchestra
Saskatoon Youth Orchestra
Toronto Symphony Youth Orchestra
Vancouver Youth Symphony Orchestra
Chile
National Youth Symphony Orchestra of Chile
Colombia
Colombian Youth Philharmonic
Dominican Republic
National Youth Symphony Orchestra of the Dominican Republic
United States
National Youth Orchestra of the United States of America
Venezuela
Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra
Simón Bolívar Youth Symphonic Band
See also
List of symphony orchestras
Classical music lists
Lists of musicians
Lists of orchestras
Whitewater High School may refer to :
Whitewater High School ( Georgia ) , Fayetteville , Georgia
Whitewater High School — Whitewater , Kansas , closed , merged with Frederic Remington High School
Whitewater High School ( Wisconsin )
Immingham Dock electric railway station was the western terminus of the inter-urban Grimsby and Immingham Electric Railway which ran from Corporation Bridge , Grimsby with a reversal at what was euphemistically called Immingham Town .
Overview
The electric railway was built primarily to carry workers between Grimsby and Immingham Dock which the Great Central Railway had built on a greenfield site in a sparsely populated area . The line was built by the Great Central and remained in railway ownership up to closure in 1961 . It therefore appeared in railway timetables and it was possible to buy through tickets between any of the stops on the line and anywhere on the national railway network , though there never was any physical connection with any conventional track , nor with the tramways in Grimsby and Cleethorpes .
In modern parlance the vehicles would be described as trams , but they were typically referred to locally and in publications such as Bradshaw as `` cars '' or `` tramcars '' , with related things being called names such as `` tramcar halt '' and `` tramcar bridge . '' `` Car '' was always a more common short form than `` tram . ''
Location and facilities
Dock tramcar station was situated on the southeast side of the dock 's main entrance lock and at right angles to it . Directly opposite the station on the other side of the lock was a conventional railway station , also called Immingham Dock Lines from the two set off in opposite directions .
The line was a tramway , no platforms ever existed at any of the stopping places ; passengers were expected to board and alight from the roadway or trackside cinders according to the location . The `` stations '' were much more commonly referred to as `` halts '' or `` stopping places . ''
A waiting room was provided at Dock tramcar station . Passengers bought tickets on board from the conductor . Timetables and tickets consistently used the name `` Immingham Dock '' throughout the terminus 's life .
The line 's two termini - Corporation Bridge and Immingham Dock - were the only halts on the line to attempt anything along the lines of railway nameboards , both proclaimed themselves in very large letters to be a `` TRAMWAY STATION . ''
The line from the station
After the end of the cindered station area the line was conventional double track running alongside the dock road , giving the appearance of a conventional railway , except for the absence of fencing between road and rail . At Habrough Marsh Drain bridge a little over half a mile from the station road and rail merged , with the tracks changing to grooved tramway common throughout all road tramways . This spot was and remains the eastern boundary of dock property . In 2012 this was a continuously staffed entrance checkpoint with barriers to road vehicles and pedestrians . In the 1950s and 1960s the spot was completely unmarked , with not so much as a sign to indicate entering or leaving the dock . From mid-1916 to July 1920 a halt was provided here , whose purpose is unclear . It may have been a version of the modern checkpoint or to serve works which ended with the war .
From this point road and tramtracks climbed one of the two `` hills '' on the whole line , i.e . the bridge over the conventional Grimsby District Light Railway line near Immingham East Junction . This bridge , which was in regular , heavy road use in 2015 , was known locally as `` tramcar bridge . '' At the other side of the bridge was `` Tramcar Halt '' , or , formally , Immingham Town .
Services
Unusually among British tramways services ran round the clock , particularly to provide for railway workers based at Immingham engine shed , whose duties often involved starting or finishing at unsocial hours . Traffic was highly peaked , with convoys of tramcars leaving and arriving to match shift changes at the dock . It was normal for several tramcars to rest at Dock station between peaks .
In 1956 over a million passengers used the line and even with deliberate rundown a quarter of a million used it in its last twelve months up to closure in July 1961 .
Closure
The line took some years to die , being cut back at the Grimsby end in 1956 then reduced to peak services only in 1959 , when it disappeared from Bradshaw and through ticketing beyond the line was withdrawn . Formal closure of the line and Dock tramcar station came on Monday 3 July 1961 , with the last tramcars running on Saturday 1 July 1961 when a convoy of six tramcars set off , nominally at 14:03 . The last tramcar of this convoy and therefore the last from the Immingham terminus was Number 4 .
Aftermath
The first track on the line to be removed was at Dock tramcar station , to give increased parking space . The process of demolition was piecemeal and even in 2013 many hints of the line remained , such as spun concrete masts near Tramcar Bridge .
Former Services
References
Sources
Further material
, contains a fine archive section on the tramway
, solely about the tramways of Immingham , Grimsby & Cleethorpes
External links
Immingham as a green field site before the dock National Library of Scotland
Immingham with the dock National Library of Scotland
Immingham Dock electric terminus on an OS map surveyed in 1930 National Library of Scotland
The station and line Rail Map Online
The Grimsby & Immingham TramwayLNER info
Tramway photos davesrailpics
The Tramway Local Transport History Soc
Tramway remains Thorne Railway
Tramcars at Immingham Dock geograph
The tram terminus Britain from Above ( free login needed to zoom )
Trams at Dock terminus flickr
Disused railway stations in the Borough of North East Lincolnshire
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1913
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1961
1913 establishments in England
Immingham
The Seventeenth Congress of the Philippines ( ) was the meeting of the national legislature of the Republic of the Philippines , composed of the Senate and House of Representatives . The convention of the 17th Congress was followed by the 2016 Senate election , which replaced half of the Senate membership , and the 2016 House of Representatives elections which elected the entire membership of the House of Representatives .
The House of Representatives met in Batasang Pambansa Complex and the Senate met in the GSIS Building from July 25 , 2016 , to June 3 , 2019 , from the first to third year of the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte ; this will be the end of tenure for senators elected in 2013 . The 17th Congress was officially opened by President Duterte together with the joint session of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Leadership
Senate
Senate President :
Koko Pimentel ( PDP–Laban ) , July 25 , 2016 – May 21 , 2018
Tito Sotto ( NPC ) , May 21 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Senate President pro tempore :
Franklin Drilon ( Liberal ) , July 25 , 2016 – February 27 , 2017
Ralph Recto ( Nacionalista ) , February 27 , 2017 – June 4 , 2019
Majority Floor Leader :
Tito Sotto ( NPC ) , July 25 , 2016 – May 21 , 2018
Juan Miguel Zubiri ( Independent ) , May 21 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Minority Floor Leader :
Ralph Recto ( Liberal ) , July 25 , 2016 – February 27 , 2017
Franklin Drilon ( Liberal ) , February 28 , 2017 – June 4 , 2019
House of Representatives
Speaker :
Pantaleon Alvarez ( Davao del Norte–1st , PDP–Laban ) , July 25 , 2016 – July 23 , 2018
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo ( Pampanga–2nd , PDP–Laban ) , July 23 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Deputy Speakers :
Eric Singson ( Ilocos Sur–2nd , PDP–Laban ) , July 25 , 2016 – August 29 , 2018
Mercedes Alvarez ( Negros Occidental–6th , NPC ) , July 25 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Fredenil Castro ( Capiz–2nd , NUP ) , July 25 , 2016 – January 21 , 2019
Raneo Abu ( Batangas–2nd , Nacionalista ) , July 25 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Miro Quimbo ( Marikina–2nd , Liberal ) , July 25 , 2016 – July 25 , 2018
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo ( Pampanga–2nd , Lakas–CMD ) , August 15 , 2016 – March 15 , 2017
Pia Cayetano ( Taguig–2nd , Nacionalista ) , August 15 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Gwendolyn Garcia ( Cebu–3rd , PDP–Laban ) , August 15 , 2016 – August 15 , 2018
Mylene Garcia-Albano ( Davao City–2nd , PDP–Laban ) , August 15 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Sharon Garin ( AAMBIS-OWA ) , August 15 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Bai Sandra A. Sema ( Maguindanao and Cotabato City-1st , PDP–Laban ) , August 15 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Ferdinand L. Hernandez ( South Cotabato-2nd , NPC ) , August 16 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Frederick Abueg ( Palawan-2nd , Liberal ) , August 16 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Rolando Andaya Jr. ( Camarines Sur-1st , PDP–Laban ) , August 16 , 2016 – July 30 , 2018
Linabelle Villarica ( Bulacan-4th , Liberal ) , August 9 , 2017 – June 4 , 2019
Prospero Pichay Jr. ( Surigao del Sur–1st , Lakas–CMD ) , August 15 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Arthur C. Yap ( Bohol–3rd , PDP–Laban ) , August 15 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Rosemarie Arenas ( Pangasinan–3rd , PDP–Laban ) , August 29 , 2018 – present
Evelina Escudero ( Sorsogon-1st , NPC ) , August 29 , 2018 – June 4 , 2019
Randolph Ting ( Cagayan–3rd , NUP ) , January 21 , 2019 – June 4 , 2019
Majority Leader :
Rodolfo Fariñas ( Ilocos Norte–1st , PDP–Laban ) , July 25 , 2016 – July 23 , 2018
Fredenil Castro ( Capiz–2nd , NUP ) , interim , July 23 , 2018 – July 30 , 2018 , January 21 , 2019 – June 4 , 2019
Rolando Andaya Jr. ( Camarines Sur-1st , PDP–Laban ) , July 30 , 2018 – January 21 , 2019
Minority Leader :
Danilo Suarez ( Quezon–3rd , Lakas–CMD ) , July 27 , 2016 – June 4 , 2019
Sessions
First regular session : July 25 , 2016 – May 31 , 2017
Second regular session : July 24 , 2017 – May 30 , 2018
Third regular session : July 23 , 2018 – May 27 , 2019
Composition
Both chambers of Congress are divided into parties and blocs . While members are elected via parties , blocs are the basis for committee memberships . Only members of the majority and minority blocs are accorded committee memberships . This is how blocs are determined :
Majority bloc : All members who voted for the Senate President or Speaker during the Senate presidential or speakership election .
Minority bloc : All members who voted for the second-placed candidate during the Senate presidential or speakership election .
Independent minority bloc : All members who did not vote for the winning or second-best nominee during the Senate presidential or speakership election .
Independent bloc : All members who abstained from voting during the Senate presidential or speakership election .
Not a member of any bloc : All members who have not voted during the Senate presidential or speakership election .
In the speakership election , several members abstained from voting . They , along with the members who voted for the losing candidate voted on who would be the minority leader .
Senate
House of Representatives
Membership
Senate
The Senate of the 17th Congress were represented by 2 senators from Central Luzon region , 12 senators from Metro Manila region , 3 senators from Calabarzon region , 2 senators from Bicol Region , 1 senator from Western Visayas region , 2 senators from Northern Mindanao region , and 1 senator from Soccsksargen region . 10 regions in the Philippines have no representation in the Senate of the 17th Congress , while Metro Manila is represented by 12 , half of all the senators .
Notes
House of Representatives
District representatives
Notes
Died on June 30 , 2016 , before taking office .
Resigned after being appointed as Secretary of Public Works and Highways on August 1 , 2016 .
Died on November 11 , 2016 .
Died on June 3 , 2017 .
Died on October 8 , 2017 .
Left office on November 5 , 2018 , after appointment as Cabinet Secretary .
Party-list representatives
Resigned on October 2 , 2017 .
Resigned on October 30 , 2017 after being appointed as presidential spokesperson .
Resigned on July 11 , 2018 after being appointed as Justice undersecretary .
Died on September 23 , 2018 .
Resigned on November 21 , 2018
Died on December 22 , 2018
Committees
Constitutional bodies
* Originally Koko Pimentel ( PDP–Laban ) from July 25 , 2016 , to May 21 , 2018 .
Senate committees
* more popularly known as the Blue Ribbon Committee .
House of Representatives committees
Changes in membership
Senate
House of Representatives
District Representatives
Party-list Representatives
Laws passed
The 17th Congress passed a total of 379 bills which were signed into law by President Rodrigo Duterte . 120 of these laws were national in scope , while 259 were local . Some of these laws include :
Republic Act 10923 : Postponing of the Philippine barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan elections , 2016
Republic Act 10931 : Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act
Republic Act 10952 : Postponing of the Philippine barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan elections , 2016
Republic Act 10962 : Gift Check Act of 2017
Republic Act 10966 : Making December 8 as a nonworking holiday commemorating the feast of the Immaculate Conception
Republic Act 11014 : The First Philippine Republic Day Act
Republic Act 11053 : Anti-Hazing Act of 2018
Republic Act 11054 : Bangsamoro Organic Law
Republic Act 11055 : Philippine Identification System Act
Republic Act 11058 : Occupational Safety and Health Standards Law
References
Congresses of the Philippines
Fifth Philippine Republic
One-Punch Man is a Japanese anime series based on the webcomic created by One and its subsequent manga adaptation illustrated by Yusuke Murata . The series was directed by Shingo Natsume at Madhouse and was written by Tomohiro Suzuki . The series also features character design by Chikashi Kubota , who also served as chief animation director , and music by Makoto Miyazaki . The series aired in Japan between October 5 , 2015 and December 21 , 2015 and was simulcast by Daisuki and Hulu .
The opening theme song is by JAM Project , and the ending theme is by Hiroko Moriguchi . The ending theme for episode 12 is by Moriguchi .
Episode list
Notes
References
One-Punch Man episode lists
2015 Japanese television seasons
David Anthony Hicks ( born December 15 , 1945 ) is an American former ski jumper . He placed 19th in the large hill and 41st in the normal hill at the 1964 Winter Olympics . Next year he won the national title and finished 11th at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival . He graduated from the University of Minnesota Duluth , and in 2017 was inducted into its Athletic Hall of Fame .
Hicks started ski jumping aged 4 , on the hill behind his home , together with his elder brother Bruce . He later became an accomplished golfer , and moved to Florida after college aiming to become a professional . From 2001 until his retirement in 2013 he worked as director of the Willowbrook Golf Course near Auburndale , Florida .
In 1973 Hicks married Mary Sue ; they live in Auburndale .
References
1945 births
Living people
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Bob Gansler ( born July 1 , 1941 ) is a Hungarian-born American soccer player and coach of German descent . He coached the U.S. National Team at the 1990 World Cup , the team 's first appearance at the tournament since 1950 .
Playing career
As a player , Gansler made 25 appearances for the United States between 1963 and 1969 , captaining the 1964 and 1968 Olympic qualifying teams and 1967 Pan American team . Of his 25 appearances , only 5 , all in 1968 , came in games considered full internationals .
Gansler played for the Chicago Mustangs of the National Professional Soccer League in 1967 . When the NPSL merged with the United Soccer Association to form the North American Soccer League , the Spurs likewise merged with the Chicago Mustangs , and Gansler played with the Mustangs of the NASL in 1968 .
Coaching career
Gansler served in various coaching positions with the national teams beginning in 1975 . In the late 1980s , he served as the coach of the U.S. U-20 national team while also coaching the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee men 's soccer team . On January 16 , 1989 , the United States Soccer Federation hired him as the full-time coach for the United States men 's national soccer team , replacing Lothar Osiander . Gansler 's tenure during the 1990 FIFA World Cup was somewhat controversial , even though he led the United States to its first appearance in the final World Cup tournament in 40 years . He took a team made up primarily of college and amateur players , leaving professionals such as Rick Davis and Hugo Perez off the roster . At the time , the United States did not have a top division outdoor soccer league , the North American Soccer League having folded in 1985 . Most domestic professionals at the time played in indoor leagues , and Gansler felt that the skills required for indoor soccer conflicted with the outdoor game . In addition , the United States had been awarded the 1994 World Cup , and Gansler may have wanted to expose the core of the 1994 team to the World Cup experience . Not unexpectedly , the U.S. lost all three games , although the team won a moral victory of sorts by losing to host Italy 1–0 ; the Italians prevented the embarrassment of a draw thanks to goalkeeper Walter Zenga .
Gansler went on to coach the Kansas City Wizards , winning the club 's first MLS Cup in 2000 and the U.S. Open Cup in 2004 . He also coached the Milwaukee Rampage to the A-League title in 1997 . He stepped down from his coaching position with the Wizards on July 19 , 2006 . Gansler spent the 2007 MLS Season in Canada as an assistant coach for Toronto FC .
Personal life
After leaving Toronto FC in 2007 , he retired to spend more time with his wife , Nancy , four sons , and 11 grandchildren .
Coaching Positions
Marquette University High School Varsity Soccer Team Head Coach ( 1970–1976 )
United States U19 ( 1979–1982 )
Homestead High School Varsity Soccer Coach ( 1982–1984 )
UWM ( 1984–1988 )
United States U20 ( 1987–1989 )
U.S. National Team ( 1989–1991 )
Milwaukee Rampage ( 1996–1998 )
Kansas City Wizards ( 1999–2006 )
Toronto FC ( assistant coach ) ( 2006–2007 )
Honors
Walt Chyzowych Award ( 2000 )
MLS Coach of the Year Award ( 2000 )
MLS Supporters ' Shield ( 2000 )
MLS Cup ( 2000 )
Milwaukee Rampage Hall of Fame ( inducted 2002 )
United Soccer Leagues Hall of Fame ( inducted 2002 )
U.S. Open Cup ( 2004 )
Sporting Legends Inductee ( 2013 )
References
External links
Info page when receiving the Walt Chyzowych Award
U.S. Soccer Hall of Fame page
1941 births
Living people
People from Tolna County
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Hungarian people of German descent
American soccer coaches
United States men 's international soccer players
United States men 's national soccer team managers
National Professional Soccer League ( 1967 ) players
Chicago Spurs players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) players
Chicago Mustangs ( 1967–68 ) players
Sporting Kansas City coaches
American soccer players
1990 FIFA World Cup managers
Milwaukee Panthers men 's soccer coaches
Toronto FC non-playing staff
Association football defenders
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
Footballers at the 1967 Pan American Games
National Soccer Hall of Fame members
Joyce Wilding ( 1909 – 1978 ) was an activist for indigenous rights in Queensland , Australia in the 1950s and 1960s and a community worker .
Early life
Wilding was born Doris Winifred Harman on 3 January 1909 in Southampton , England to Job Henry Harman , a retired soldier , and his Anglo-Indian wife Sarah Florence , née Minty . She married Francis James Wilding in 1932 and migrated to Australia the following year . She changed her first name to Joyce and ran a boarding house in the family home in West End , Brisbane to supplement the family income .
Activism
In 1953 , Ian Shevill , the Anglican bishop of North Queensland , appealed for someone in Brisbane to provide accommodation for a young Aboriginal man from Yarrabah Mission , Tennyson Kynuna . He had secured an apprenticeship in Brisbane , but could not secure accommodation due to his race . After taking him in , Wilding was requested by the Queensland Department of Native Affairs to take in two Aboriginal trainee teachers , Phil Stewart and Mick Miller . The remaining 20 white guests in Wilding 's boarding house then moved out , in protest at being required to live with Aboriginal people . Startled by the response of her white guests , Wilding then opened her home to homeless Aboriginal people and the boarding house was soon overcrowded . She received death threats and frequent abuse .
In 1961 , Wilding helped to form the One People of Australia League ( OPAL ) , an organisation dedicated to promoting co-operation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians , with a view to assimilation of Aboriginal people into white Australian culture . This goal put the organisation at odds with other Aboriginal rights groups , but it resulted in OPAL securing a great deal of government funding , enabling it to provide housing , education and welfare assistance to disadvantaged Aboriginal people in Queensland . Neville Bonner was president of OPAL from 1968 to 1975 .
Wilding continued to provide housing for homeless Aboriginal people in her own home . Over time , thousands of Aboriginal people who had newly arrived in Brisbane found shelter there , including Jackie Huggins , who went on to become a prominent Aboriginal rights activist .
In 1970 , OPAL opened the Joyce Wilding Home in Eight Mile Plains , Brisbane , which was a refuge for Aboriginal widows , deserted mothers and children . Wilding became matron of the home the same year . The institution still provides short-term accommodation for Aboriginal women and their children , and is now known as the Opal Joyce Wilding Hostel .
Community work
In 1957 , Wilding was a founding member of the St Veronica Welfare Committee , an organisation founded in West End , Brisbane initially to raise money for refugees . She travelled to India and Bangladesh to provide humanitarian aid and founded a relief society to send blankets , clothing and medical equipment to Dr R.R . Doshi 's tuberculosis clinic at Anand , Gujarat .
Awards
Wilding was appointed MBE in the 1964 Queen 's Birthday Honours List for her work as matron of the OPAL Hostel named in her honour .
In 1966 , Wilding was made the Quota Club of Brisbane 's 'Woman of the Year ' .
She was presented with a humanitarian award by the AMORC Grand Lodge in San Jose , California , in 1977 .
Personal life
Frank and Joyce Wilding had four children and continued to live in Brisbane for the rest of their lives . Joyce died of cancer on 3 December 1978 .
References
Australian indigenous rights activists
Women human rights activists
1909 births
1978 deaths
20th-century Australian women
Sombala Kumar is a Dhrupad vocalist of India . She studied with Ustad Zia Fariduddin Dagar , a singer of the 19th generation of the dynasty of Dagar Gharana . She also studied with Ustad Zia Mohiuddin Dagar .
Career
Kumar first Shri . M.D . Raje and Shri . M.K.Kwathekar of Khandwa . Sombala Kumar holds a master 's degree in Classical Music from Dr. Hari Singh Gaur University , Sagar ( M.P. ) . Thereafter , she got a scholarship for four years from Ustad Allaudin Khan Sangeet Academy , Bhopal to learn Dhrupad . She then studied with Ud . Zia Fariduddin Dagar . Sombala Kumar has been a visiting fellow and visiting professor at Indira Kala Sangeet University , Khairagarh .
Living people
Hindustani singers
Dagarvani
Women Hindustani musicians
Indian women classical singers
Singers from Madhya Pradesh
Women musicians from Madhya Pradesh
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Uluçam , Posof is a village in the District of Posof , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Posof District
Tun Tun Aung is one of Myanmar 's top professional bodybuilders and a personal trainer and winner of Mr Asia 2016 .
At 2017 , he won gold medals in Asian Bodybuilding and Fitness Championships from Bhutan . He received 2017 Myanmar Best Athlete Award .
Career
He competed at World Bodybuilding and Physique Sports Championship in 2010 . He was placed in the top 5 .
In 2017 , he was awarded gold medal in Asian Bodybuilding and Fitness Championships from Bhutan . And the next year , he was also awarded silver medal at 10th ` World Bodybuilding And Physique Sports Championship in Chiang Mai , Thailand .
At 2019 , he grabbed the silver medal with Nhin Nhin Aye at the Mixed Pairs Open event from Thailand .
Competitive placings
2018 10th ` World Bodybuilding And Physique Sports Championship
2017 Asian Bodybuilding and Fitness Championships
Mr Asia 2016 ( winner )
2016 World Bodybuilding and Physique Sports Championship ( 4th Runner-Up )
2019 Mixed Pairs Open event
References
Burmese bodybuilders
Living people
Professional bodybuilders
People from Yangon
1972 births
Burmese male bodybuilders
Hugo López-Gatell is a Mexican epidemiologist , author , and infectious diseases expert who has served as head of the Undersecretariat of Prevention and Health Promotion at the Mexican Secretariat of Health since 2018 . Since January 2020 , he has also played a major role as a spokesman and one of the lead members of the task force addressing the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico .
Career
Education
López-Gatell attended the School of Medicine of the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) graduating in 1994 as Physician-Surgeon . Afterwards , he obtained a master 's degree in Medical Sciences at UNAM in 2000 , and later a Ph.D degree in epidemiology from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health at the Johns Hopkins University in 2006 .
As a researcher , he has written and participated in 40 papers , and in 2020 he had been cited an estimated of 6,457 times . In addition to clinical and academic roles , López-Gatell serves as an associate editor for scientific journals as Global Health Action of the Umeå Center for Global Health Research , The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene , AIDS ( official body of the International AIDS Society ) and the academic journal of the Salvador Zubirán National Institute of Health Sciences and Nutrition ( INCMNSZ ) .
Public service
In 1998 he was appointed as Chief of Resident Doctors at INCMNSZ serving and as Medical Specialist A from 1999 to 2001 . From 2013 to 2018 he was Director of Innovation on Infectious Disease Surveillance and Control at Mexican Secretariat of Health . In 2008 he was appointed as deputy general director of Epidemiology at the same secretariat . In that role , he led the creation of the National Epidemiological Surveillance System ( Sinave ) , a re-engineering of the Mexican public health system to improve reporting and detection of epidemiological surveillance .
On December 1 , 2018 , López-Gatell was appointed by Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador head of the Undersecretariat of Prevention and Health Promotion in the Secretariat of Health . From the beginning of 2020 and after the rising of the COVID-19 pandemic López-Gatell has also applied his research and public service expertise as one of the main strategist and main spokesperson of Mexican Government on the 2020 coronavirus pandemic in Mexico . From March 6 , 2020 , López-Gatell is conducting a daily press conference where he and the Secretariat of Health directives are giving information also explanations about the official strategies and decisions .
The World Health Organization invited López-Gatell to join its team of experts in public health on May 24 , 2020 .
On June 28 , 2021 , López-Gatell accused the protesting parents of children with cancer , blockading Mexico City International Airport to highlight ongoing shortages of cancer medications , of being part of an international right-wing campaign to foment a coup against the López Obrador administration . The backlash against López-Gatell saw him accuse economic , business and political interest groups of distorting his comments . He responded saying that felt empathy with the aggrieved parents and would work tirelessly to get obtain the required medicines .
COVID-19 pandemic
López-Gatell has been criticized for the handling of the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico , with the opposition National Action Party formally accusing him of criminal negligence . He has also been accused of underreporting infections numbers and associated deaths in order to downplay the severity of the pandemic , of misleading the public , for example by the former Minister of Health José Narro Robles and in a New York Times article , and of denying the usefulness of medical masks and staying at home in order to avoid spreading the virus .
While many Mexicans reacted with sympathy to López-Gatell 's announcement in February 2021 that he had tested positive for COVID-19 , , a gubernatorial candidate in Nuevo Leon , called for him to resign , and former president Vicente Fox criticized him on social media .
On March 10 , 2021 , after still testing positive and admitting he was contagious , López-Gatell was photographed with his girlfriend Rebeca Peralta in a park in Colonia Condesa , Mexico City , without a face mask . The photos quickly went viral on social media . When asked about his actions , López-Gatell complained of greedy corporate media who have a political and economic agenda .
Honors and awards
Member of the National System of Researchers , 2008 .
Personal life
Hugo López-Gatell Ramírez was born on February 22 , 1969 in Mexico City . His father , Francisco López-Gatell Trujillo , was a chemist , surgeon and urologist . His mother , Margarita Ramírez Duarte , was a nurse at the Hospital 20 de Noviembre . His paternal grandfather , Francisco López Gatell Comas , was a Spanish military engineer of Jewish descent born in Catalonia in 1897 . He opposed the Franco regime and took refuge in France ; later he fought against the Nazis in World War II . During the war he ended up in a concentration camp , eventually escaping to Mexico with his wife and three children .
As a young man , Hugo was part of a progressive rock band called Cantera ; his companions would later be founding members of La Gusana Ciega and Santa Sabina .
He married and later divorced Arantxa Colchero Aragones .
On February 20 , 2021 , López-Gatell announced he had tested positive for the COVID-19 virus . Originally López-Gatell′s symptoms were described as ″mild″ , but on February 24 it was reported that he had a fever and needed supplemental oxygen . He was hospitalized at the Hospital Temporal Citi-Banamex .
References
1969 births
Living people
20th-century Mexican physicians
21st-century Mexican physicians
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health alumni
Mexican epidemiologists
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
Scientists from Mexico City
Sant'Eufemia is a romanesque-style , Roman Catholic basilica church in the town of Spoleto , in the province of Perugia , region of Umbria , Italy . The church is dedicated to Saint Euphemia of Chalcedon .
History
The church arose inside the walls of what once the palace of the Lombard-ruled Dukes of Spoleto , which became the archbishop 's palace . The titular saint was said to have lived at this site . A church at the site is recalled as being present around the 8th to 9th centuries . A Benedictine monastery adjacent to the church dates to the 10th century . By the 12th-century , the church was encompassed by the Palazzo Vescovile .
The original triptych that was once found in the main altar is now in the Diocesan museum . The frescoes in the apse ceiling depicting the God the Father and cherubs , dates to the 15th century .
References
Churches in Spoleto
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
12th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
The Slap ( ) is a 1974 French / Italian comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau .
Cast
Lino Ventura - Jean Douléan
Annie Girardot - Hélène Douléan
Isabelle Adjani - Isabelle Douléan - la fille de Jean et d'Hélène
Nicole Courcel - Madeleine
Francis Perrin - Marc Morillon
Jacques Spiesser - Remi
Michel Aumont - Charvin
Robert Hardy - Robert
Nathalie Baye - Christine
Xavier Gélin - Xavier
Georges Wilson - Pierre
Annick Alane - La femme de ménage de Jean
Paul Bisciglia - Le serveur
Robert Dalban - Le concierge du lycée
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an aggregate score of 100 % based on 5 positive reviews .
References
External links
1974 comedy films
Italian comedy films
French comedy films
1974 films
1970s French-language films
Films directed by Claude Pinoteau
1970s Italian films
1970s French films
Gary Walkow is a filmmaker , photographer , writer and visual artist .
Biography
Gary 's earliest dream , from age four , was that he was lying on an operating table with his head split open . Tangled strands of 8mm film were pouring out of his head . A doctor picked up a strand of film and held it to the light , it was a scene of little Gary running across the front yard .
Walkow 's first film was a film version of Allen Ginsberg 's `` Howl '' which he made at Bellaire High School . Walkow went to Wesleyan University , where he studied film with Jeanine Basinger . He did honor thesis research on the films of F.W . Murnau , with George Pratt at the George Eastman House , and in the archives of William K. Everson .
Walkow began his professional career as a film editor , working on industrial films in Houston , Texas . After a memorable but unsatisfying semester in the MFA Program at USC Film School , Walkow eked by as an editor in the low budget realms of Hollywood . Working for George Gale ( who had edited Jean Renoir 's The River ) , Walkow compiled nature footage bought at bargain basement prices into feature-length films for TV syndication at the rate of one feature a week . The company specialized in what Gale called `` outdoor psychic mysteries . '' They were set outdoors because you could shoot without lighting .
Walkow spent an entire year working for Family Films , a company devoted to making Lutheran religious films . The twelve part `` Life of Jesus '' needed cleaner dialogue , so all of the dialogue was rerecorded , and Walkow had to cut in the new dialogue . This process was called looping , as sound loops were made of each line of dialogue and the actor then matched his performance to the loops . Walkow came to call this `` looping for the lord . ''
His short film , Auto-Mates was about a husband and wife who discover they can not get out of their automobile , adapt to living inside the car . It is Exterminating Angel in an Oldsmobile Starfire . The film shot entirely inside an automobile . Tom Frei , who shot Gary 's Wesleyan films , designed and built a tracking system that allowed for tracking shots inside a moving automobile . This innovative technique was the subject of an article in the August 1979 issue of `` American Cinematographer . ''
The Trouble With Dick was Walkow 's first film as a writer-director . It tells the story of a struggling science fiction writer , Richard Kendred , who moves in with three women and has a nervous breakdown . The story of Richard 's fictional character , an escapee on a prison planet , is intercut with the narrative in the house . The Trouble with Dick won the Grand Prize at the Sundance Film festival . The film was acquired for distribution by FilmDallas Pictures , but the company went bankrupt before it released the film . This began a pattern of jinxed distribution that has haunted Walkow .
Walkow 's second film , Notes from Underground , was adapted from the Dostoevsky novella . Walkow reset the story to contemporary Los Angeles . Dostoevsky 's text was in the form of a first person journal . Walkow changed this framing device to a confession made to a video camera . The film stars Henry Czerny , Sheryl Lee , Jon Favreau , and Seth Green . Robert Frank , who authored the five volume study of Dostoevsky , regarded Walkow 's film as the best film adaptation of Dostoevsky . Frank had been a Professor of French Literature at Princeton when he first read Notes from Underground . Profoundly moved by the book , Frank changed the course of his life to study Dostoevsky .
Notes from Underground premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival and at Sundance , and won the Innovation Award at the Taos Talking Pictures festival . The prize was five acres of land on the Taos mesa .
Walkow 's third feature , Beat , tells the story of two killings that were pivotal events in the lives of the core Beat writers : Lucien Carr 's stabbing of Dave Kammerer in New York City in 1944 , and William Burrough 's shooting of Joan Vollmer Burroughs in Mexico City in 1951 . The film was shot in Mexico City , Patzcuaro and Paricutin . It stars Kiefer Sutherland , Courtney Love , Norman Reedus , Ron Livingston , Sam Trammell . After some controversy at its Sundance Festival premiere ( where a certain actress scuffled with a certain film critic 's wife ) , the film was released by Lion 's Gate . Iain Sinclair writes about the film in his book `` American Smoke . ''
Crashing is a meta-sequel to The Trouble With Dick ( it tells the story of Richard McMurray , the author of the novel The Trouble with Dick ) . Richard 's wife locks his out of the house , freezes his assets , and files for divorce . Richard winds up crashing on the couch of two writing students , and from that borrowed vantage point starts writing about their lives . The films star Campbell Scott , Lizzy Caplan , Izabella Miko , Alex Kingston , David Cross , and Stephen Gyllenhaal .
Callers is a Bunuelian comedy . The plot : Will 's fiancé leaves her cell phone behind when she rushes off to work . She is killed in a car crash , but Will , can speak to her on her cell phone . Soon other dead start calling Will on the cell phone to demand favors . Walkow lost control of the movie , and new scenes were written , new scenes filmed , and the film re-edited and retitled without Walkow 's participation . Walkow 's director 's cut of the movie does exist and is discussed by Iain Sinclair in `` Sight & Sound '' November 2013 issue . The film stars Nelson Franklin , David Clennon , Katie Holmes , Catherine Hicks , Alex Kingston .
Chasing Flavor is Walkow 's first documentary feature . It follows Maxwell Colonna-Dashwood as he seeks to win the World Barista Championship . His quest to master coffee leads to Maxwell becoming the world 's leading authority on water for coffee . The experience of making a documentary was a pivotal experience in Walkow 's approach to shooting fictional narrative .
Walkow is the author of six novels . Radio Mary is adapted from his first novel . Be My Baby is adapted from Walkow 's sixth novel .
As a photographer , Walkow has had shows at the William Turner Gallery in Santa Monica . His Airport Avenue Series was paired with the paintings of Lawrence Ferlinghetti . The Corner of the Universe series is on permanent display in the upper patio of the Original Farmer 's Market in Hollywood . He is represented by Millinnium Images ( London ) .
Walkow 's papers , The Gary Walkow Collection , is preserved at the Margaret Herrick Library of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences . Walkow 's films are preserved at the Academy Film Archive .
Filmography ( writer-director )
FEATURE FILMS
Steve Stays to Dinner ( 2022 )
Notes From Underground ( 2021 )
Existential Risk ( 2017 )
Chasing Flavor ( 2012-2019 )
Caffiend ( AKA The Trouble with Dot & Harry ) ( 2015 )
Radio Mary ( 2013 )
Callers ( 2009 )
Crashing ( 2007 )
Beat ( 2000 )
Notes from Underground ( 1995 )
The Trouble with Dick ( 1987 )
SHORT FILMS
Keep on Truckin ' ( 2022 )
The Trick is Existing : Dan Sallitt ( 2016 )
Sleep II ( 2003 )
Mojave Exodus ( 1985 )
The Wedding Dice ( 1983 )
Auto-Mates ( 1978 )
Rite of Passage ( 1976 )
The Continuous Victim ( 1975 )
A Voyeur ( 1974 )
A Futile Attempt to Escape from the Middle Class ( filmed 1973 , completed 2019 )
Novels
Radio Mary
Weekend
The Lone Star of David ''
As Bad As It Gets ( The Making of `` Beat '' )
The Master Debater
The Laurel Canyon Album
Be My Baby
Photography ( series )
My First Truck ( 36 Years Later )
Corner of the Universe : Fairfax & Third
Airport Avenue Series
23 Short Stories
This White and Silent Room
References
`` Beat '' by Dan Sallitt , published in 24fps www.panix.com/~sallitt/beat.html
`` Dream Science '' chapter in `` American Smoke '' by Iain Sinclair
`` Walkow 's Way '' in `` Sight and Sound '' November 2013
`` Moving Camera Shots in a Moving Automobile '' `` American Cinematographer '' August 1979
External links
www.garywalkow.com - Official website
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American film directors
Roman Čechmánek ( ; born March 2 , 1971 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey goaltender . He played professionally in the United States , Czech Republic , and Germany , including in the National Hockey League with the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings from 2000 to 2004 . Internationally Čechmánek played for the Czech national team at multiple international tournaments , including seven World Championships . He was born in Gottwaldov , Czechoslovakia .
Playing career
He played for HC Vsetín in the Czech Republic from 1994 to 2000 . He was drafted in the sixth round as the 171st overall pick of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers . In his first season with the Flyers , Čechmánek surprised many by capturing the starting job from Brian Boucher and being one of the best goaltenders in the league . In his first season , he played in the NHL All-Star Game and finished second in voting for the Vezina Trophy . He had a disappointing playoff , however , including allowing five goals in an embarrassing 8–0 loss in the final game of the Flyers ' first round series against the Buffalo Sabres .
The next season Čechmánek had another good year and played fairly well in the first round of the playoffs . However the Philadelphia offense failed , scoring a record low number of only two goals in five games against the Ottawa Senators . Čechmánek was publicly annoyed at his teammates ' performance . The next year he had another superior season , sharing the William M. Jennings Trophy with Flyers teammate Robert Esche , and Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils . Čechmánek pitched two shutouts in a second round loss to Ottawa but many blamed him for the loss due to the number of soft goals he allowed in the other four games . At the end of the season he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round draft pick .
Playing behind a mediocre Kings team , Čechmánek had a disappointing season in 2003–04 . He returned to the Czech Republic to play with his old team HC Vsetín during the cancelled 2004–05 NHL season . He split the 2005–06 hockey season between HC Karlovy Vary and the Hamburg Freezers . In the beginning of 2007 , Čechmánek left Linköpings HC and was replaced by Rastislav Staňa . He then played for HC Třinec in the Czech Extraliga for three seasons . He retired following the 2008–09 season .
International play
He was on the Czech national team at both the 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics , but did not play any games , instead serving as backup togoaltender Dominik Hašek . Čechmánek won a gold medal in 1998 . His other appearances were in the 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 1999 , 2000 , 2004 and 2007 World Championships .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Transactions
Selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the sixth round ( third Flyers pick , 171st overall ) of the NHL Entry Draft – 24 June 2000 .
Traded by Flyers to the Los Angeles Kings for a second-round selection in 2004 entry draft – 28 May 2003 .
Signed with Vsetínská Hokejová ( Czech Extraliga ) during NHL lockout on – 17 September 2004 .
Signed as a free agent by HC Energie Karlovy Vary ( Czech Extraliga ) – 16 August 2005 .
Honours
Named Best Goaltender at the World Championships – 2000 .
Named to the All-Star Team at the World Championships – 2000 .
Played in National Hockey League All-Star Game – 2001 .
Named to National Hockey League All-Star Second Team – 2000–01 .
William M. Jennings Trophy ( shared with Martin Brodeur and teammate Robert Esche ) – 2002–03 .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey goaltenders
Czechoslovak ice hockey goaltenders
Hamburg Freezers players
HC Dukla Jihlava players
SHK Hodonín players
HC Karlovy Vary players
HC Oceláři Třinec players
HC Olomouc players
VHK Vsetín players
PSG Berani Zlín players
Linköping HC players
Los Angeles Kings players
National Hockey League All-Stars
Sportspeople from Zlín
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
Philadelphia Phantoms players
William M. Jennings Trophy winners
Olympic gold medalists for the Czech Republic
Günter Perl ( born 23 December 1969 ) is a former German football referee who is based in Pullach . He refereed for Münchener SpVgg of the Bavarian Football Association .
Refereeing career
Perl was a referee of the club Münchener SpVgg , and officiated on the DFB level from 1996 . Since 1998 he officiated 2 . Bundesliga matches , and was appointed as a Bundesliga referee in 2005 . He made his Bundesliga debut on 13 August 2005 in the match between 1 . FC Kaiserslautern and MSV Duisburg .
Perl retired from officiating in 2017 because he reached the age limit for German referees , which is 47 . His final Bundesliga match officiated was between Borussia Dortmund and Werder Bremen .
Personal life
Perl , a full-time wholesale and foreign trade merchant , lives in the Bavarian village of Pullach . He is married and has two sons .
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
1969 births
Living people
German football referees
Tepedüzü , Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç , Artvin Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 157 people .
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Sri Lankan Vellalar ( ) is a caste in Sri Lanka , predominantly found in the Jaffna peninsula and adjacent Vanni region , who comprise about half of the Sri Lankan Tamil population . They were traditionally involved in agriculture , but also included merchants , landowners and temple patrons . They also form part of the Sri Lankan Tamil diaspora .
They are reputed as a ritually and numerical dominant caste , who have contributed among the political elites of the Sri Lankan Tamils . Many of the Tamil Mudaliyars , a high colonial rank , were drawn from the Vellalar caste . In Eastern Sri Lanka are the Vellalars as other prominent castes there , further divided into kudis or matrilineal clans .
Etymology
The word Vellalar is derived from their art of irrigation and cultivation . The word comes from the Tamil words veḷḷam ( `` flood '' , `` water '' or `` abundance '' ) and āṇmai ( `` lordship '' or `` management '' ) ; thus the word literally means `` those who manage water '' or `` lords of the floods '' . Dutch archives registered the Vellalar and the Govigama under the term Bellalas .
History
Mythological origin
Some claim according to their myth to be the children of the Hindu goddess Parvati . According to the myth of the Pallars , are the Vellalar and Pallar descendant of two farmer brothers . The property of the younger brother Pallan got destroyed by a storm . The older brother Vellalan gave his younger brother Pallan shelter for him and his family . After the death of Vellalan , his wife became the owner of the property and forced Pallan and his family to become agricultural laborers for her .
Early history
The Sri Lankan Vellalars share common origins with the Vellalars of Tamil Nadu . The Vellalar traditionally inhabited the Sangam landscape of Marutham . The earliest reference to the Vellala is attested to in the Tolkāppiyam , which divided the society into four classes Arasar , Andanar , Vanigar , and Vellalar . There were two types of the Vellalars , the cultivators called Velkudi Ulavar and the wealthy landowners called Kaniyalar or Kodikkalar . The Vellalar tribes are described as a landed gentry who irrigated the wet lands and the Karalar ( use Vellalar as title ) were the landed gentry in the dry lands . Karalar means `` lord of clouds '' .
Medieval era
The Kailayamalai , an account on Kalinga Magha , the founder of Jaffna Kingdom , narrates the migration of Vellalar Nattar chiefs from the Coromandel Coast of South India . Vellalar chiefs from the Malavar and Gangeyar clans were appointed to administrative office by the first Jaffna king Cinkaiariyan ( ca . 1280 AD ) . The Vellalars who were village headmen and landlords bore the title Udaiyar .
Colonial era
In the time of Portuguese Ceylon , the Vellalars were described as husbandmen , who were involved in tillage and cattle cultivation . According to S. Arasaratnam , Vellalar dominance was strengthened by Dutch colonizers after the fall of the Portuguese . The Portuguese had appointed the affluent Karaiyars and Madapallis to administrative offices . Karaiyars and Madapallis revolted against the new Dutch rule in September 1658 , consequently leading to the Dutch favoring the Vellalars to administrative positions . The Dutch interpreted the local laws , later codified as Thesavalamai , as allowing landlords to own slaves . Thus the Vellalar chiefs and other landlord castes had the Koviars and also the Panchamar ( `` the fives '' ) consisting of the Nalavars , Pallars , Paraiyars , Vannars , and Ambattars working under them as domestic servants altogether known as Kudimakkal . These castes were originally bonded to the service of the state , however , they were often illegally turned to be bonded to individual Vellalars as their dominance started growing . The growing power of the Vellalars was counterbalanced by removing the Madapallis from earlier suspicion and equally appoint them to the administrative office by the Dutch in the 1690s .
The Thesavalamai mentions the Koviars as descendant of the Vellalars , and intermarriage between them was not uncommon . According to historians , the Vellalar population increased between the 17th and 19th-century due to other castes and communities assimilating in Vellalar society after the fall of Jaffna Kingdom , which included castes such as the Agampadiyar ( palace servants ) , Chettiar ( merchants ) , Thanakkarar ( temple managers ) , Madapallis ( palace cooks and stewards ) , Malayalis and Paradesis ( foreigners , skilled workers ) . There used to be a concept of Periya Vellalan and Chinna Vellalan , where the latter was a subdivision compromising the castes who had assimilated in the Vellalar identity .
During colonial rule , some Vellalars converted to Christianity . These conversions allowed them to hold land , properties and government offices . The Dutch minister Philippus Baldaeus of the 17th century , described the Christian Vellalars , Karaiyars and Madapallis as the most influential classes of Christians on the peninsula . Under Dutch rule in the 18th century , some Vellalars earned fortunes through tobacco cultivation . The Vellalars started to become a dominant caste in the Jaffna Peninsula and also the most numerous in the Dutch census .
Due to the effort of the religious reformer , Arumuka Navalar , the conversion to Christianity of many Hindu Vellalars was prevented . They became under his patronage , strict followers of Shaiva Siddhanta , and achieved dominance through ritual design . Well-to-do Vellalars from Jaffna and Colombo formed one of the political Sri Lankan Tamil elites , one of such being the Ponnambalam-Coomaraswamy family .
Modern era
Vellalar political and ritual dominance was severely restricted due to the post-1983 Sri Lankan civil war domination of Tamil politics by the main rebel group Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) whose top leaders , such as Velupillai Prabhakaran , were mostly from the Karaiyar caste . The LTTE did not have caste distinctions and one of their ideologies were anti-casteism , seeking a united Tamil identity through recruiting of other castes and achieving a mixed-caste leadership . Following the old order , where the Vellalars formed partners with the Karaiyars , the LTTE gained support and recruitment from the Vellalars who also contributed as leaders and cadres .
The People 's Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam ( PLOTE ) , Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization ( TELO ) and Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students ( EROS ) were Vellalar dominated organizations , with several Vellalar cadres of this organization later joining the LTTE .
See also
Ponnambalam-Coomaraswamy family
Arumuga Navalar
List of Vellalar sub castes
References
External links
Sri Lankan Tamil society and politics-series
Chronology ofevents in Sri Lankan Tamil society
Sri Lankan Tamil castes
Vellalar
Giuli Mandzhgaladze ( ; born 9 September 1992 ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder of Georgian descent who plays for FC Dinamo Batumi in the Erovnuli Liga .
Career
He spent 4 years playing for FC Zorya Luhansk Reserves Team in the Ukrainian Premier Reserve League . In July 2014 Mandzhgaladze signed a contract with FC Poltava and played in the Ukrainian First League , but in September 2014 he left this First League 's club .
Mandzhgaladze signed for FC Dinamo Batumi in the Erovnuli Liga in January 2019 .
Honours
Dinamo Batumi
Erovnuli Liga : 2021
Georgian Super Cup : 2022
Samtredia
Umaglesi Liga : 2016
Georgian Super Cup : 2017
Sioni Bolnisi
Georgian Cup : Runners-up 2015-16
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Poltava players
FC Chikhura Sachkhere players
FC Sioni Bolnisi players
FK Ventspils players
Latvian Higher League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Georgia ( country )
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Georgia ( country )
Ukrainian people of Georgian descent
FC Samtredia players
Association football midfielders
Kapaz PFK players
FC Dinamo Batumi players
Erovnuli Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
This is a list of Queens consort of Norway . This list covers a large time span and the role of a queen has changed much over the centuries , with some individual queens also shaping their own roles . Many have ruled the country side by side with their husband and some have become sole regents . The marriage of an heir or a king was most often affected by politics and alliances were often affirmed by marriages in the royal families . It was also not permitted for a long period for royalty to marry non-royalty . Thus the choice of wife would be narrow in one 's own country and most of the queens in this list are not native to their husband 's country .
Due to unions with Denmark and Sweden the queens listed for 1380–1814 were also queens of Denmark and the queens listed for 1814–1905 were also queens of Sweden .
Fairhair dynasty
Knýtling dynasty
Unclassified
Knýtling dynasty
St. Olaf dynasty
Knýtling dynasty
Hardrada dynasty
Gille dynasty
Hardrada ( Skakke ) dynasty
Sverre dynasty
House of Bjelbo
House of Pomerania
House of Palatinate-Neumarkt
House of Bonde
House of Oldenburg
House of Holstein-Gottorp
House of Bernadotte
House of Glücksburg
See also
List of Norwegian monarchs
References
Norwegian queens
Norway
Queens
Norway
Lepas is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Lepadidae .
Species
Species in the genus include :
Lepas anatifera Linnaeus , 1758
Lepas anserifera Linnaeus , 1767
Lepas australis Darwin , 1851
Lepas hilli Leach , 1818
Lepas indica Annandale , 1909
Lepas pectinata Spengler , 1793
Lepas testudinata Aurivillius , 1894
References
Barnacles
Maxillopoda genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Åslaug Marie Haga ( born 21 October 1959 ) is Norwegian diplomat , politician and international civil servant . She has been board chair for various organizations , including the Norwegian Institute for Nature Research ( NINA ) and the Peace Research Institute in Oslo ( PRIO ) . Haga has published three books : two on Norwegian politics and one novel .
She is currently the associate vice-president of the External Relations and Governance Department at the International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) , a specialized agency of the United Nations .
Prior to that , she was a executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust from 2013 to 2019 .
Early life and career
Haga was born in Nes , Akershus . She has a bachelor 's degree in political science , history and sociology from the University of Oslo . She joined the diplomatic corps before finishing her master 's degree in political science . She served at the Norwegian delegation to the United Nations in New York in the late 1980s and at the Norwegian embassy in New Delhi , India in the early 1990s .
Political career
Haga served as State Secretary for Foreign Affairs from 1991 – 1997 and Minister of Culture from 1999 to 2000 . In 2001 , she was elected to the Storting from Akershus County , and she was re-elected in 2005 . In 2003 , while the Centre Party was an opposition party , she became party leader . As leader of the Centre Party , Haga was instrumental in swinging the party 's political course to the left , bringing it into a coalition with the Labour Party and the Socialist Left Party for the first time .
Following the success of this Red-Green Coalition in the 2005 parliamentary elections , the Centre Party entered the government , and Haga succeeded Erna Solberg as Minister for Local Municipalities and Regional Development in the second cabinet Stoltenberg . In September 2007 , she became Minister of Petroleum and Energy , succeeding Odd Roger Enoksen , and leaving the regional department to Magnhild Meltveit Kleppa . On 11 April 2008 , Haga announced that she would not be seeking re-election to Parliament at the 2009 election , and that she would step down as Centre Party leader before the election .
On 19 June 2008 , she resigned as Minister of Petroleum and Energy , and as leader of the Centre Party . She suffered from health problems following a media storm about minor building violations that she was unaware of . Haga was replaced as Minister of Petroleum and Energy by Terje Riis-Johansen .
Norwegian Air Ambulance
Haga was Secretary General of the Norwegian Air Ambulance from 2011 – 2013 . A new training centre for rescue personnel – including medical doctors and pilots - was established at Torpomoen under her leadership .
Global Crop Diversity Trust
Haga replaced Cary Fowler as executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust in early 2013 and held that position until the end of 2019 . Under Haga 's leadership the Crop Trust became an independent international organization with a strong voice in agrobiodiversity conservation and use . She was responsible for , and signed , the first agreement to safeguard crops in perpetuity with the International Rice Research Institute in 2018 .
International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD )
Haga is currently Associate Vice-president of the External Relations and Governance Department at IFAD . She is responsible for communications , global engagement , partnerships , and resource mobilization , as well as overseeing the relations with IFAD 's 177 Member States .
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Nes , Akershus
Centre Party ( Norway ) politicians
Petroleum and energy ministers of Norway
Ministers of Local Government and Modernisation of Norway
Ministers of Culture of Norway
Women members of the Storting
Members of the Storting
People from Ås , Akershus
University of Oslo alumni
21st-century Norwegian politicians
21st-century Norwegian women politicians
Women government ministers of Norway
The following lists events that happened during 1942 in Afghanistan .
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
June 1942
Diplomatic relations with the United States are opened .
July 1942
The king again reaffirms his country 's policy of neutrality `` provided Afghanistan is left unmolested . ''
November 26 , 1942
The 9-year-old crown prince , Mohammad Akbar Khan , dies .
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The 4th Iowa Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 4th Iowa Cavalry was organized at Camp Harlan in Mount Pleasant , Iowa , beginning in September 1861 , and mustered in for three years service under the command of Colonel Asbury B. Porter . Companies A , E , and F mustered November 23 ; Companies B , C , D , I , K , and M mustered November 25 ; Company G mustered November 27 ; Company L mustered December 24 ; and Company H mustered January 1 , 1862 .
The regiment was attached to 2nd Division , Army of Southwest Missouri , Department of Missouri , to July 1862 . District of Eastern Arkansas , Department of Missouri , to December 1862 . 2nd Brigade , 1st Cavalry Division , District of Eastern Arkansas , Department of the Tennessee , to January 1863 . 2nd Brigade , 2nd Cavalry Division , XIII Corps , Department of the Tennessee , to May 1863 . Unattached , XV Corps , Army of the Tennessee , to August 1863 . Winslow 's Cavalry Brigade , XVII Corps , to May 1864 . 2nd Brigade , 1st Cavalry Division , XVI Corps , to July 1864 . 2nd Brigade , 2nd Cavalry Division , District of West Tennessee , to November 1864 . 1st Brigade , 4th Division , Wilson 's Cavalry Corps , Military Division Mississippi , to December 1864 . 2nd Brigade , Cavalry Division , District of West Tennessee , to February 1865 . 1st Brigade , 4th Division , Cavalry Corps , Military Division Mississippi , to June 1865 . Department of Georgia to August 1865 .
The 4th Iowa Cavalry mustered out of service at Atlanta , Georgia , on August 10 , 1865 , and was discharged at Davenport , Iowa , on August 24 , 1865 .
Detailed service
Duty at Camp Harlan until February 1862 . 1st Battalion moved to St. Louis , Mo. , February 26 , 2nd Battalion February 28 and 3rd Battalion March 3 , 1862 . At Benton Barracks , Mo. , until March 10 . Ordered to Rolla , Mo. , March 10 ; thence to Springfield , Mo. , and duty there until April 14 . Expedition to Salem , Mo. , March 12–19 , 1862 ( Companies F and L ) . Ordered to join Curtis at Batesville , Ark. , April 14 . Skirmish at Nitre Cave , White River , April 18 ( Companies G and K ) . Talbot 's Farm , White River , April 19 ( Companies E , F , G , and K ) . Skirmish , White River , May 6 . Little Red River June 5 . ( Company F detached for duty with Chief Commissary and as provost guard at Helena , Ark. , May 1862 to April 1863 . ) Mt . Olive June 7 , 1862 ( Company F ) . Gist 's Plantation July 14 , 1862 ( Company F ) . March to Helena , Ark. , June 11-July 14 . Duty at Helena until April 1863 . Polk 's Plantation September 20 , 1862 ( Company D ) . Expedition from Helena to LaGrange September 26 ( 2 companies ) . Jones ' Lane or Lick Creek October 11 ( Companies A , G , and H ) . Marianna and LaGrange November 8 . Expedition from Helena to Arkansas Post November 16–21 , and to Grenada , Miss. , November 27-December 5 . Oakland , Miss. , December 3 . Expedition to Big and Little Creeks March 6–12 , 1863 . Big Creek March 8 . St. Charles and St. Francis Counties April 8 . Moved to Milliken 's Bend , La. , April 28–30 . Reconnaissance to Bayou Macon May 1–4 . March to New Carthage May 5–8 . ( Company G detached on courier duty at Young 's Point , La. , during May . ) Fourteen-Mile Creek May 12–13 . Mississippi Springs May 13 . Hall 's Ferry May 13 ( detachment ) . Baldwyn 's Ferry May 13 ( detachment ) . Jackson May 14 . Haines Bluff May 18 ( Company B ) . Siege of Vicksburg , Miss. , May 18-July 4 . Engaged in outpost duty against Johnston between Big Black and Yazoo Rivers . Mechanicsburg May 24 and 29 . Expedition from Haines Bluff to Satartia and Mechanicsville June 2–8 ( detachment ) . Barronsville June 18 . Bear Creek or Jones ' Plantation June 22 ( Companies A , F , I , and K ) . Big Black River , near Birdsong Ferry , June 22 ( detachment ) . Hill 's Plantation , near Bear Creek , June 22 . Messenger 's Ferry , Big Black River , June 26 . Advance on Jackson July 5–10 . Siege of Jackson July 10–17 . Near Canton July 12 . Bolton 's Depot July 16 . Bear Creek , Canton , July 17 . Canton July 18 . Raid from Big Black on Mississippi Central Railroad and to Memphis , Tenn. , August 10–22 . Payne 's Plantation , near Grenada , August 18 . Panola August 20 . Coldwater August 21 . Expedition to Yazoo City September 21-October 1 ( detachment ) . Brownsville September 28 . Morris Ford , near Burton , September 29 . Expedition toward Canton October 14–20 . Brownsville October 15 . Canton Road , near Brownsville , October 15–16 . Near Clinton and Vernon Cross Roads October 16 . Bogue Chitto Creek October 17 . Robinson 's Mills , near Livingston , October 17 . Louisville Road , near Clinton and Brownsville , October 18 . Expedition to Natchez December 4–17 ( Companies C , H , I , K , L , and M ) . Near Natchez December 7 . Meridian Campaign February 3–28 , 1864 . Big Black River Bridge , February 3 . Raymond Road , Edwards Ferry , Champion Hill , Baker 's Creek and near Bolton 's Depot February 4 . Jackson and Clinton February 5 . Brandon February 7 . Morton February 8 . Meridian February 9–13 . Hillsborough February 10 . Tallahatta February 13 . Meridian February 14 . Near Meridian February 19 . Veterans on furlough March 4 to April 24 . Reported at Memphis , Tenn. , April 24 . Non-veterans at Vicksburg , Miss. , until April 29 ; then moved to Memphis . Sturgis ' Campaign against Forrest April 30-May 12 . Sturgis ' Expedition to Guntown , Miss. , June 1–13 . Ripley June 7 . Brice 's Cross Roads , near Guntown , June 10 . Ripley June 11 . Smith 's Expedition to Tupelo , Miss. , July 5–21 . Near Ripley July 7 . Cherry Creek July 10 . Plenitude July 10 . Harrisburg Road July 13 . Tupelo July 14–15 . Old Town or Tishamingo Creek July 15 . Smith 's Expedition to Oxford , Miss. , August 1–30 . Tallahatchie River August 7–9 , Hurricane Creek and Oxford August 9 . Hurricane Creek August 13 , 14 and 19 . College Hill August 21 . Oxford August 22 . ( Forrest 's attack on Memphis August 21 , Company G. ) Moved to Little Rock , Ark. , September 2–9 . Campaign against Price in Arkansas and Missouri September 17-November 30 . Moved to Batesville and Pocahontas , Ark . ; thence to Cape Girardeau , St. Louis , Jefferson City and Independence , Mo .. Trading Post and Fort Scott , Kansas , Pea Ridge and Fayetteville , Ark. , Tahlequah and Webber 's Falls , Indian Territory , returning via Pea Ridge , Springfield and Rolla to St. Louis . Engaged at Brownsville September 28 . Morris Bluff September 29 ( Company D ) . Little Blue October 21 . Independence October 22 . Westport , Big Blue and State Line October 23 . Trading Post October 25 . Marias Des Cygnes , Osage , Mine Creek October 25 . Charlot Prairie October 25 . At St. Louis until December 9 ; then at Louisville , Ky. , until February 1865 .
A detachment at Memphis , Tenn. , September 1 to December 20 , 1864 . Scout near Memphis November 10 . Skirmish on Germantown Pike , near Memphis , December 14 , detachments of Companies A and B. Grierson 's Raid on Mobile & Ohio Railroad December 21 , 1864 , to January 5 , 1865 . Okolona , Miss. , December 27 , 1864 . Egypt Station December 28 . Franklin January 2 , 1865 . Rejoined regiment at Louisville , Ky. , January 15 , 1865 . Dismounted men of the regiment moved from Memphis , Tenn. , to Louisville , Ky. , January 2 , 1865 . Moved to Gravelly Springs , Ala. , February 1865 , and duty there until March 20 . Expedition to Florence March 1–6 . Wilson 's Raid to Macon , Ga. , March 20 to May 10 . Company G served as escort to General Emory Upton , Commanding Division . Montevallo March 30 . Near Montevallo March 31 . Six-Mile Creek March 31 . Ebenezer Church April 1 . Selma April 2 . Fikes Ferry , Cahawba River , April 7 . Wetumpka April 13 . Columbus , Ga. , April 16 . Capture of Macon April 20 . Duty at Macon and Atlanta , Ga. , until August .
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 254 men during service ; 4 officers and 51 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 5 officers and 194 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel Asbury B. Porter
Colonel Edward Francis Winslow
Lieutenant Colonel Simeon D. Swan - commanded at the siege of Vicksburg
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Drummond - After leaving the regiment , Drummond joined the 5th Cavalry Regiment , which he commanded during the Battle of Five Forks where he was killed in action .
Major Abial R. Pierce - commanded at the battles of Westport and Mine Creek
Notable members
Sergeant Norman F. Bates , Company E - Medal of Honor recipient for action at Columbus , Georgia
Private Edward J. Bebb , Company D - Medal of Honor recipient for action at Columbus , Georgia
Private Richard H. Cosgriff , Company L - Medal of Honor recipient for action at Columbus , Georgia
Private Nicholas Fanning , Company B - Medal of Honor recipient for action at the battle of Selma
Private John H. Hays , Company F - Medal of Honor recipient for action at Columbus , Georgia
Private James P. Miller , Company D - Medal of Honor recipient for action at the battle of Selma
Corporal Richard H. Morgan , Company A - Medal of Honor recipient for action at Columbus , Georgia
Private Charles D. Swan , Company K - Medal of Honor recipient for action at the battle of Selma
Corporal Newton Earp , Company F - The Oldest son of Nicholas Porter Earp , and older sibling of Western lawmen Virgil , Morgan and Wyatt Earp .
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Gantz , Jacob . Such Are the Trials : The Civil War Diaries of Jacob Gantz ( Ames , IA : Iowa State University Press ) , 1991 .
Roster and Record of Iowa Soldiers in the War of the Rebellion : Together with Historical Sketches of Volunteer Organizations , 1861-1866 ( Des Moines , IA : E. H. English , State Printer ) , 1908-1911 .
Scott , William Forse . Roster of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry Veteran Volunteers , 1861-1865 : An Appendix to `` The Story of a Cavalry Regiment '' ( New York : J. J . Little ) , 1902 .
Vanorsdol , James O . Four Years for the Union ( S.l . : s.n . ) , 1888 .
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
1861 establishments in Iowa
Kadalora Kavithaigal ( ) is a 1986 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Bharathiraja . The film stars Sathyaraj and Rekha , with Raja , Janagaraj and Kamala Kamesh in supporting roles . It is about transformation of a ruffian , who has a prison record and his understanding of love through an elementary education . In that process , he falls in love with the school teacher .
Kadalora Kavithaigal was the debut film for Rekha and Raja . The film was released on 5 July 1986 , and was remade in Telugu as Aradhana , and in Kannada as Kaurava .
Plot
Based in a coastal sea village , Chinnappa Das is a ruffian who has a prison record and returns to his village after serving his prison term . He is persuaded by his maternal uncle 's daughter Gangamma to marry him . In one of his encounters at an elementary school , he meets a lady school teacher Jennifer who gives a sound scolding on how ignorant fools behave .
There is an element of purity in Das 's heart which the school teacher could identify , this transforms his life forever . Set in a coastal milieu , the duo often meet on the beach , amidst sunlit sea and splashing waves on the rocks . In a sequence , Das makes the teacher stand alone atop a seaside hillock , Das from down below on the sands announces aloud to her that `` you are my God '' . , it is eventual that teacher developed a feeling for das on the other side teacher 's family want her to marry an acquaintance of her family which would lead to a drama of emotions
Cast
Sathyaraj as Chinnappa Das
Rekha as Jennifer
Raja as Lawrence
Anuradha Vasudev as Josephine
Ranjini as Gangamma
Janagaraj
Kamala Kamesh as Thayamma
Lalitha Sharma
Production
Kadalora Kavithaigal is the debut for Raja and Rekha as actors . The film had Sathyaraj deviating from the negative roles he was previously known for .
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja . The song `` Adi Aathadi '' is set in the Carnatic raga known as Shivaranjani , and `` Kodiyile Malliyapoo '' is set in Natabhairavi . `` Adi Aathadi '' was partially adapted as `` Aa Jaana Tere Bin '' , composed by Anand–Milind for Bol Radha Bol ( 1992 ) .
Reception
Jayamanmadhan of Kalki said that while the sea in the film 's title was breathtaking , the poem in the title was incomplete .
References
Bibliography
External links
1980s Tamil-language films
1986 films
Films directed by Bharathiraja
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Indian romantic drama films
Tamil films remade in other languages
Harford Secondary School for Girls is a secondary school for girls in Moyamba , Sierra Leone .
History
The roots of the school lie in the Mary Sowers School for Girls , founded by United Brethren in Christ ( UBC ) missionaries at Rotifunk . The school was closed during the Hut Tax War of 1898 , but was reopened as the Moyamba Girls School . In 1903 the school was merged with the UBC 's girls ' boarding school at Shenge , and buildings were completed and occupied at Rotifunk in 1908 . Julius Gulama taught at the school before he became a paramount chief in 1928 . In 1921 the school was renamed the Lilian Harford School for Girls , after the American missionary Lillian Resler Keister Harford , and in 1944 the school became a secondary school .
The American missionary Esther L. Megill taught biology at Harford for a year in 1957 , and later published her reminiscences of the school . From 1961 to 1965 William Henry Fitzjohn and his wife Alice served as Principal and Vice-Principal of Harford School . John K. Yambasu , later Bishop , was a senior teacher and school chaplain from 1982 to 1990 .
During the Sierra Leone Civil War the school 's buildings were badly damaged , and the school has needed to rebuild itself since then .
Alumni
Lucy Sharon-Mae Anthony , first woman bishop in Sierra Leone .
Ella Koblo Gulama ( 1921-2006 ) , Sierra Leone 's first female Member of Parliament
Umu Hawa Tejan-Jalloh ( born 1949 ) , Chief Justice of Sierra Leone
External links
Harford ex-pupils association
References
1900 establishments in the British Empire
Educational institutions established in 1900
Secondary schools in Sierra Leone
Girls ' schools in Sierra Leone
