Bronchial brushing is a procedure in which cells are taken from the inside of the airway mucosa or bronchial lesions through catheter-based brushing under direct visualization or fluoroscopic guidance . Flexible brushes are passed through the bronchoscope , and the bronchial surface is gently abraded to obtain the specimen . Various types of bronchial brush may be used to collect both cellular and microbiological material , using direct vision when collecting from proximal areas of suspicion or fluoroscopic screening when sampling more peripheral sites .
A bronchial brushing is used to find cancer and changes in cells that may lead to cancer .
It can also be used to obtain specimens for microbiologic diagnosis .
References
Endoscopy
Respiratory system procedures
Gleason is a 2002 television film directed by Howard Deutch and starring Brad Garrett as Jackie Gleason .
Plot
Cast
Brad Garrett as Jackie Gleason
Saul Rubinek as George `` Bullets '' Durgom
Gretchen Egolf as Genevieve Halford
Kristen Dalton as Audrey Meadows
Michael Chieffo as Art Carney
Danny Wells as Jack L. Warner
Mark Camacho as Sammy Birch
Jason Blicker as Sol Friedman
Vlasta Vrána as Toots Shor
Shawn Lawrence as William S. Paley
Kevin Dunn as Jack Philbin
Terry Farrell as Marilyn Taylor
Johanna Nutter as Joyce Randolph
Lisa Bronwyn Moore as Pert Kelton
Production
Back in 1997 , Garrett was set to portray Gleason in a television biopic for CBS , with the script written by Everybody Loves Raymond creator Philip Rosenthal , but it never came to fruition .
When he learned that CBS acquired the rights to Gleason 's life story , Garrett personally lobbied to the network to portray the role . Initially , CBS offered the part of Gleason to Mark Addy . However , Addy dropped out due to scheduling conflicts , thus Garrett was officially cast as Gleason .
Garrett reportedly disapproved of the script written by Rick Podell and Michael Preminger . With assistance from Deutch , Garrett and his writer friend Dave Boone wrote an uncredited rewrite of the script .
Garrett and Deutch paid Greg Cannom with their own money for him to apply for the makeup needed for Garrett to look like Gleason . It took Garrett three hours to put on the makeup and an hour and a half to take it off .
Unlike Gleason , who was 5 feet 11 in real life , Garrett was 6 feet 8 at the time of filming ; in order for Garrett to appear as if he were 5 feet 11 , the other cast members wore boots with seven-inch lifts and the doorways on the set were built at 8 feet rather than the usual 6 feet 9 .
The film was shot in Montreal .
Accolades
For his performance , Garrett was nominated for both the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie . Deutch was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Miniseries or TV Film .
References
External links
2002 television films
2002 films
2000s English-language films
Films shot in Montreal
Films directed by Howard Deutch
CBS network films
American biographical films
Films set in the 20th century
2000s biographical films
Canadian drama television films
English-language Canadian films
American drama television films
2000s American films
2000s Canadian films
Charles Frith ( 28 May 1868 – 28 August 1942 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half .
References
1868 births
1942 deaths
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Humber Rovers F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Fleetwood Rangers F.C . players
English Football League players
Stylidium graminifolium 'ST111 ' , also known under the tradename Tiny Trina , is a cultivar of Stylidium graminifolium that was selected for in 2001 by Todd Layt of Ozbreed Pty Ltd and granted cultivar status in 2005 . Tiny Trina has a deeper pink flower colour and leaves that are a darker shade of green with varying leaf blade widths . It also begins to flower later in the season than the other S. graminifolium cultivar , Stylidium graminifolium 'ST116 ' , known under the tradename Little Saphire .
See also
List of Stylidium species
References
External links
Information on 'ST111 ' from the Plant Breeders Rights database .
graminifolium 'ST111 '
The Topla is a right tributary of the river Bunea in Romania . It flows into the Bunea near Remetea-Luncă . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
Yoshitaka ( written : 宜隆 , 喜孝 , 孝高 , 義隆 , 義孝 , 義貴 善隆 , 嘉隆 , 嘉孝 , 吉高 , 吉隆 , 吉鷹 , 吉孝 , 由高 , 由孝 , 由貴 , 芳隆 , 祥尭 , 良生 or 佳孝 ) is both a masculine Japanese given name and a surname . Notable people with the name include :
Given name
, Japanese artist
, Japanese basketball player
, Japanese anesthesiologist
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese businessman
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese video game composer and bass guitarist
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese long-distance runner
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese politician
, Japanese video game designer
, Japanese middle-distance runner
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese video game composer
, Japanese politician
, Japanese politician
, Japanese actor
, Japanese rugby sevens player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese golfer
Fictional characters
, a character in the manga series Kuroko 's Basketball
, protagonist of the manga series He Is My Master
Yoshitaka Waya , character in Hikaru no Go
Surname
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese actress
See also
Yositaka
Japanese-language surnames
Japanese masculine given names
Air France Flight 117 was a multi-leg international scheduled flight from Paris-Orly Airport via Lisbon , the Azores , Guadeloupe and Peru to Santiago , Chile , which crashed 22 June 1962 . The Boeing 707–328 aircraft involved in the accident was just four months old .
History
The flight was uneventful until approaching Pointe-à-Pitre . The airport is surrounded by mountains and requires a steep descent . The weather was poor – violent thunderstorm and low cloud ceiling . The VOR navigational beacon was out of service . The crew reported themselves over the non-directional beacon ( NDB ) at 5,000 feet ( 1,524 m ) and turned east to begin the final approach . Due to incorrect automatic direction finder ( ADF ) readings caused by the thunderstorm , the plane strayed 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) west from the procedural let-down track . The plane crashed in a forest on a hill called Dos D'Ane ( `` The Donkey 's Back '' ) , at about 1,400 feet ( 427 m ) and exploded . There were no survivors . Among the dead were French Guianan politician and war hero Justin Catayée , poet and black-consciousness activist Paul Niger , and Wanda Llosa , first cousin of future Nobel laureate Mario Vargas Llosa .
The investigation could not determine the exact reason for the accident , but suspected the insufficient meteorological information given to the crew , failure of the ground equipment , and the atmospheric effects on the ADF indicator . After the crash Air France pilots criticized under-developed airports with facilities that were ill-equipped to handle jet aircraft , such as Guadeloupe 's airport . This was the second accident in less than three weeks with an Air France Boeing 707 after the crash on 3 June 1962 . Tex Johnston , Chief Test Pilot of Boeing Aircraft Co. wrote in his autobiography of events leading up to the crash . `` Air France flight crews were habitually late ( for crew training by Boeing ) , and on occasion the airplane not serviced . ... After much extra , and in my mind , excessive flight training , the chief pilot failed to qualify . '' He informed the Air France Chief Executive in writing `` I did not believe the captain capable of qualifying in the 707 . '' Later `` ... an Air France instructor qualified the chief pilot . On his second trip as captain , he missed an inclement weather approach ... and crashed into a mountain . ''
Some debris still remain at the site , where a memorial monument was placed in 2002 to mark the 40th anniversary of the crash . The road leading to the site is named Route du Boeing in memory of the crash .
Air France currently uses this flight number on a Shanghai–Pudong to Paris–Charles de Gaulle flight using a Boeing 777 .
Memorials
Monuments
Several commemorative steles were erected at the site of the accident at Dos d'Âne mountain on 22 June 1962 , then in 2002 with an official stele of the commune and the region with the list of all the victims .
Songs
Volé Boeing-la , de , 1962 ( tribute to the victims of which his father died in the crash )
References
Sources
An article about the crash
Tex Johnston : Jet-Age Test Pilot by A.M. `` Tex '' Johnston with Charles Barton
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1962
Aviation accidents and incidents in France
Aviation accidents and incidents in Guadeloupe
117
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 707
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
1962 in France
Accidental deaths in Guadeloupe
1962 in Guadeloupe
June 1962 events in North America
Palau d'Esports de Granollers ( , ) is an arena in Granollers , Catalonia . It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of BM Granollers . The arena , projected by the Catalan architect Pep Bonet , holds 5,685 people and was opened in 1991 for the 1992 Summer Olympics . During those games , it hosted the handball competitions . It is managed by the city of Granollers .
References
1992 Summer Olympics official report . Volume 2. pp . 284–7 .
Buildings and structures completed in 1991
Olympic handball venues
Indoor arenas in Catalonia
Venues of the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sports venues completed in 1991
Indoor arenas in Spain
1991 establishments in Spain
BM Granollers
Granollers
Handball venues in Spain
Chillingham is an audio game for the PC designed for the blind and visually impaired . Created by Bavisoft and published 2004 , Chillingham was part of the Game On exhibition showing at museums around the world . A sequel called Chillingham 2 has also been announced , but has not been published .
References
External links
Bavisoft : Chillingham web site
Audio games
Cole Township is a township in Benton County , in the U.S. state of Missouri . Cole Township was formed in February 1835 , taking its name from Captain Stephen Cole , an Indian fighter and pioneer settler .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County , Missouri
Slaves and Masters is the thirteenth studio album by the British rock band Deep Purple , and was released on 23 October 1990 . This is the only Deep Purple album to feature former Rainbow lead vocalist Joe Lynn Turner , who had joined the previous year after the firing of Ian Gillan . Before hiring Turner , the band had considered singer Jimi Jamison of Survivor , but other obligations made him unavailable .
Following its release , Slaves and Masters peaked at No . 87 on the US Billboard 200 chart . The album dramatically sold below expectations , as compared to Deep Purple 's previous album , The House of Blue Light with Gillan , which charted at No . 34 in the US . A song from the Slaves and Masters recording sessions was rearranged for the soundtrack of the 1990 movie Fire , Ice and Dynamite . Jon Lord did not play on the song , which was performed by the four other members of the Mark V Deep Purple line-up .
Despite underwhelming album sales , Deep Purple had a relatively successful tour in support of Slaves and Masters in 1991 , especially for the band 's European leg . Turner was still a member of the group when they began writing and recording their next album in 1992 , but under duress from managers who were eyeing a 25th anniversary tour , Deep Purple ultimately decided to bring back Gillan to the line-up for their 1993 studio album The Battle Rages On ... A handful of working tracks originally intended for the follow-up to Slaves and Masters would turn up on subsequent solo releases by Turner .
`` Too Much Is Not Enough '' had been recorded by Turner for the unreleased follow up of his first solo album Rescue You , and it was also recorded by Paul Rodgers and Kenney Jones band The Law but they did n't release it , either . Turner 's original version can be found on the bootleg Demos '88 - 91 '' ' and The Law version on The Law II bootleg . Turner re-recorded the song for his album Hurry Up and Wait ( 1998 ) .
Promotional videos
The album was promoted on television with professional music videos to the songs `` King of Dreams '' and `` Love Conquers All '' . Both featured members of the band . The video for `` King of Dreams '' was shot at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk .
Live performances
With the exception of `` King of Dreams '' , `` The Cut Runs Deep '' and `` Love Conquers All '' , which have been occasionally performed by Joe Lynn Turner during his solo performances , none of the songs from Slaves and Masters have been performed live since Deep Purple 's 1991 World Tour . The world tour set list also included `` Burn '' and `` Hey Joe '' , which had always been vetoed by Ian Gillan . `` King of Dreams '' was also part of the set list of the Hughes Turner Project 's European and Japanese tours in 2002 . This version can be found on HTP 's live album Live in Tokyo ( 2002 ) .
Reception
Following its release , Slaves and Masters was met with mixed reception from critics . AllMusic 's Alex Henderson gave the album a negative review , saying that `` the songwriting is weak and pedestrian , and most of the time , the once-mighty Purple ( who were at least 16 years past their prime ) sound like a generic Foreigner wannabe '' . The same concept was expressed in the reviews by journalists Martin Popoff and Joel McIver , who described Slaves and Masters `` a bit like a latter-day Rainbow album '' and an `` extravagant piece of AOR-ness ... incredibly lightweight '' , respectively . However , they salvaged a few songs , such as `` King of Dreams '' , `` Love Conquers All '' and `` Fire in the Basement '' , which `` make at least a reasonable effort to match Purple 's catalogue '' .
Jon Lord himself , more than his mates Glover and Paice , never recognized this record as a Deep Purple album .
On the other hand , Turner openly praised Slaves and Masters '' by saying it was `` probably ( the ) last great Purple album there was ( ... ) It 's a great album , ( it ) stands up to these days , one of the best recorded , best written ( ... ) I can name every title and just go ... who can beat that ? `` .
Track listing
The vinyl edition has `` Fortuneteller '' as track 4
Fire Ice & Dynamite ( Music from the Original Soundtrack )
`` Fire , Ice & Dynamite '' ( Blackmore , Glover , Turner ) - 4:33
Personnel
Deep Purple
Joe Lynn Turner – lead vocals
Ritchie Blackmore – guitars
Roger Glover – bass , additional keyboards , production , mixing
Jon Lord – organ , keyboards , string arrangements
Ian Paice – drums
Additional musicians
String orchestra led by Jesse Levy
Production notes
Recorded in early/mid 1990 at Greg Rike Productions in Orlando , Florida
Additional recordings at Sountec Studios Inc. and the Powerstation in New York
Engineered by Nick Blagona
Additional mixing by Nick Blagona at The Powerstation
Raymond D'Addario – production assistant
Wally Walters , Peter Hodgson , Matthew Lamonica , Dan Gellert - assistant engineers
Mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound , New York
Charts
Album
Singles
Certifications
References
Deep Purple albums
1990 albums
Albums produced by Roger Glover
RCA Records albums
Anna Schmiedlová was the defending champion , but chose not to participate .
Wildcard Alexa Glatch won the title , defeating the top seed Madison Brengle in an all-American final , 6–2 , 6–7 ( 6–8 ) , 6–3 .
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Wilde Lexus Women 's USTA Pro Circuit Event - Singles
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir , Turkey , from August 22–31 , 2014 . The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age , referred to as masters athletics .
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
100 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles
3000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
The Hackett House , at 2109 1st St. in Napa , California , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 . It was designed by architect Luther M. Turton and built by carpenter-builder J. W. Hoover .
It is a one-and-a-half-story frame Queen Anne/Eastlake cottage built in 1889 upon a raised cut stone foundation . It was rehabilitated in 1979 , expanding a kitchen to the rear . It has channel siding .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Napa County , California
Queen Anne architecture in California
Stick-Eastlake architecture in California
Houses completed in 1889
The Studio 440 was a sampler , sequencer , and 32 sound drum machines manufactured by Dave Smith 's Sequential Circuits ( SCI ) and released in 1986 . The sampler 's core is similar to that of the Prophet 2000 and Prophet 2002 . There is a 3.5 '' floppy disk drive to store samples and data .
Sample rate
The 440 also made it easier to access the full 512 kb of memory available , to create 12-bit samples from 12.5 to 33.5 seconds and up to 41.667 kHz .
15.625 kHz rate : 33.5 seconds — 6 kHz bandwidth
31.250 kHz rate : 16.7 seconds — 12 kHz bandwidth
41.667 kHz rate : 12.5 seconds — 18 kHz bandwidth
Sequencer
8 tracks
40,000 note capacity
999 measures per sequence
99 sequences
Two discrete MIDI outs with up to 32 channels of MIDI
Notable users
Aphex Twin
Dan the Automator
Prince Paul
King Tech
Three Times Dope
Mantronix
Simon Harris
References
Further reading
Sequential Circuits synthesizers
Samplers ( musical instrument )
MIDI instruments
Digital synthesizers
Polyphonic synthesizers
Callimetopus lituratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1926 and is known from the Moluccas .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1926
Good Feeling is an EP by American rapper Flo Rida . It was released exclusively in Australia on April 6 , 2012 , to promote his tour there and features some of his biggest hits .
Track listing
iTunes EP and physical edition
`` Good Feeling ''
`` Wild Ones '' ( featuring Sia )
`` Club Ca n't Handle Me ( featuring David Guetta )
`` Turn Around ( 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ) ''
`` Who Dat Girl '' ( featuring Akon )
`` Low '' ( featuring T-Pain )
`` Good Feeling '' ( Carl Tricks remix )
`` Good Feeling '' ( Jaywalker remix )
Charts
References
2012 EPs
Flo Rida albums
Albums produced by Benny Blanco
Albums produced by David Guetta
Albums produced by Dr. Luke
Aulus Licinius Archias ( ; fl . c. 120 – 61 BC ) was a Greco-Syrian poet .
Life
He was born in Antioch , Syria ( modern Antakya , Turkey ) . He studied at his native city , and received a liberal education . During his school days , he showed “ unusual talent as a poet. ” Due to political unrest , Archias , while yet a mere youth , left Antioch and travelled around the major cities of Asia Minor , Greece , and Italy , in each of which his fame grew . In 102 BC , his reputation having been already established , especially as an improvisatore , he went to Rome , where he was well received amongst the highest and most influential families . His chief patron was Lucullus , whose gentile name he assumed . Lucullus , father of Marcus Tullius Cicero , probably lived in exile . Cicero was a child . Archias became teacher for Cicero , and inspired him in literature .
In 93 BC , he visited Sicily with his patron , on which occasion he received the citizenship of Lucanian Heraclea , one of to federate towns and , indirectly , by the provisions of the Lex Plautia Papiria , that of Rome . He had registered with the praetor Quintus Metellus Pius under the Lex Plautia-Papiria to become a Roman citizen . He also fulfilled another requirement of having a residence in Rome . As a result , Archias was able to acquire Roman citizenship in 89 under the newly passed Lex Plautia Papiria , which granted Roman citizenship to all citizens of states allied with Rome . But for some reason his name had been left off the record of the censors in 89 B C , the year in which he attained citizenship .
Archias enjoyed his citizenship in peace for twenty-seven years . In 62 BC , he was accused by a certain Grattius , an agent of Lucullus ' political enemies , of having assumed the citizenship illegally , but Cicero successfully defended him in his speech Pro Archia . Cicero 's defense of his former teacher was not only on the legal grounds since he received the citizenship of Lucanian Heraclea , but on the importance of offering him citizenship , if not , based on his poetical skill , and the literary contributions he made to Rome . Cicero argued that `` Archias is deserving of Roman citizenship even if he did not already possess it upon Archias 's contributions to Roman society through his poetry . '' Equally , Cicero pointed out that Archias , “ as a poet and an intellectual , should hold a place of honor in Rome , and even if he were not a citizen , he should be granted citizenship on the basis of his literary attainments alone. ” Further Cicero strongly argued that creators of literature had almost universally been held in high esteem .
That speech , which furnishes nearly all the information concerning Archias , states that he had celebrated the deeds of Gaius Marius and Lucullus in the Cimbrian and Mithridatic Wars and that he was engaged upon a poem of which the events of Cicero 's consulship formed the subject .
The Greek Anthology contains 35 epigrams under the name of Archias , but it is doubtful how many are his work .
See also
Pro Archia Poeta
References
Steven M. Cerutti ( 1998 ) , `` Cicero Pro Archia Poeta Oratio '' , Bolchazy-Caarducci Publishers , paper back , 125 pages ,
External links
Ancient Greek poets
People from Antioch
1st-century BC Romans
1st-century BC Greek people
1st-century BC poets
2nd-century BC births
60s BC deaths
Lucanian Greeks
Licinii
James Hagan ( born 1904 in Leadgate , County Durham ) was an English prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Makurdi . He was appointed bishop in 1960 . He died in 1976 .
References
1904 births
1976 deaths
English Roman Catholic bishops
People from Leadgate , County Durham
Roman Catholic bishops of Makurdi
A supermoon is a full moon or a new moon that nearly coincides with perigee—the closest that the Moon comes to the Earth in its elliptic orbit—resulting in a slightly larger-than-usual apparent size of the lunar disk as viewed from Earth . The technical name is a perigee syzygy ( of the Earth–Moon–Sun system ) or a full ( or new ) Moon around perigee . Because the term supermoon is astrological in origin , it has no precise astronomical definition .
The real association of the Moon with both oceanic and crustal tides has led to claims that the supermoon phenomenon may be associated with increased risk of events like earthquakes and volcanic eruptions , but no such link has been found .
The opposite phenomenon , an apogee syzygy or a full ( or new ) Moon around apogee , has been called a micromoon .
Definitions
The term supermoon is attributed to astrologer Richard Nolle while reading `` Strategic Role Of Perigean spring tides in Nautical History and Coastal flooding '' published in 1976 by NOAA Hydrologist Fergus Wood . In practice , there is no official or even consistent definition of how near perigee the full Moon must occur to receive the supermoon label , and new moons rarely receive a supermoon label .
Nolle
Nolle described the concept in a 1979 edition of Dell Horoscope including both full and new moons , but has never outlined why he chose 90 % nor has provided a definitive formula for determining if a given full or new moon is `` super '' . The basic 1979 definition read :
Nolle amended his definition in 2000 specifying the distance of a given full or new moon be judged against 90 % of the mean distance of perigees . Nolle ( incorrectly ) referenced
In 2011 , Nolle added apogees to consideration explaining that he based calculations on 90 % of the difference in lunar apsis extremes for the solar year . EarthSky analyzed Nolle 's tables and described the updated definition as a full or new moon is considered a supermoon if where is the lunar distance at syzygy , is the lunar distance at apogee , and is the lunar distance at perigee . Nolle based those the mean apsis extremes referencing ( incorrectly ) the Wikipedia article on the subject arriving at :
Nolle also added the concept of extreme supermoon in 2000 describing the concept as any new or full moons that are at `` 100 % or greater of the mean perigee '' .
Espenak
The term perigee-syzygy or perigee full/new moon is preferred in the scientific community . Perigee is the point at which the Moon is closest in its orbit to the Earth , and syzygy is when the Earth , the Moon and the Sun are aligned , which happens at every full or new moon . Astrophysicist Fred Espenak uses Nolle 's definition but preferring the label of full Moon at perigee on full moons occurring `` within 90 % of its closest approach to Earth in a given orbit '' over Nolle 's calculations based on the closest of all orbits during the solar year . Wood used the definition of a full or new moon occurring within 24 hours of perigee and also used the label perigee-syzygy .
Other definitions
Sky and Telescope magazine chose a definition of .
TimeandDate.com prefers a definition of .
EarthSky uses Nolle 's definition comparing their calculations to tables published by Nolle in 2000 .
Wood also coined the less used term proxigee where perigee and the full or new moon are separated by 10 hours or less .
Occurrence
Of the possible 12 or 13 full ( or new ) moons each year , usually three or four may be classified as supermoons , as commonly defined .
The most recent full supermoon occurred on August 12 , 2022 , and the next one will be on July 3 , 2023 .
The supermoon of November 14 , 2016 , was the closest full occurrence since January 26 , 1948 , and will not be surpassed until November 25 , 2034 .
The closest full supermoon of the 21st century will occur on December 6 , 2052 .
The oscillating nature of the distance to the full or new moon is due to the difference between the synodic and anomalistic months . The period of this oscillation is about 14 synodic months , which is close to 15 anomalistic months . So every 14 lunations there is a Full Moon nearest to perigee .
Occasionally , a supermoon coincides with a total lunar eclipse . The most recent occurrence of this was in May 2022 , and the next occurrence will be in October 2032 .
Appearance
A full moon at perigee appears roughly 14 % larger in diameter than at apogee . Many observers insist that the moon looks bigger to them . This is likely due to observations shortly after sunset when the moon is near the horizon and the moon illusion is at its most apparent .
While the moon 's surface luminance remains the same , because it is closer to the earth the illuminance is about 30 % brighter than at its farthest point , or apogee . This is due to the inverse square law of light which changes the amount of light received on earth in inverse proportion to the distance from the moon . A supermoon directly overhead could provide up to 0.36 lux .
Effects on Earth
Claims that supermoons can cause natural disasters , and the claim of Nolle that supermoons cause `` geophysical stress '' , have been refuted by scientists .
Despite lack of scientific evidence , there has been media speculation that natural disasters , such as the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , are causally linked with the 1–2-week period surrounding a supermoon . A large , 7.5 magnitude earthquake centred 15 km north-east of Culverden , New Zealand at 00:03 NZDT on November 14 , 2016 , also coincided with a supermoon .
Tehran earthquake on May 8 , 2020 , also coincided with a supermoon .
Scientists have confirmed that the combined effect of the Sun and Moon on the Earth 's oceans , the tide , is greatest when the Moon is either new or full . and that during lunar perigee , the tidal force is somewhat stronger , resulting in perigean spring tides . However , even at its most powerful , this force is still relatively weak , causing tidal differences of inches at most .
Total lunar eclipses
Total lunar eclipses which fall on supermoon and micromoon days are relatively rare . In the 21st century , there are 87 total lunar eclipses , of which 28 are supermoons and 6 are micromoons . Almost all total lunar eclipses in Lunar Saros 129 are micromoon eclipses . An example of a supermoon lunar eclipse is the September 2015 lunar eclipse .
Annular solar eclipses
Annular solar eclipses occur when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's . Almost all annular solar eclipses between 1880 and 2060 in Solar Saros 144 and almost all annular solar eclipses between 1940 and 2120 in Solar Saros 128 are micromoon annular solar eclipses .
See also
Apsis
Moon illusion
Syzygy ( astronomy )
Notes
References
External links
Lunar Apogee/Perigee Calculator
Richard Nolle 's definition
Richard Nolle 's list of supermoons in the 21st century
Full Moon at Perigee ( Super Moon ) : 2001 to 2100 ( Fred Espenak )
Super Blue Blood Moon 2018 | Check123 1-Minute Video
Astrology
Astronomical events
Lunar science
Moon
Articles containing video clips
Brigadier George Furner Langley , ( 1 May 1891 – 24 August 1971 ) was an Australian soldier who served in both the First and Second World Wars . He was also an educationist , and the headmaster of a number of high schools in Victoria .
Early life
Langley was born on 1 May 1891 in Port Melbourne . He gained a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Melbourne and teaching qualifications from Melbourne Teachers ' College and taught at Williamstown High School , then at the Mansfield Agricultural High School in Mansfield , Victoria until the outbreak of the First World War .
Military career
First World War
Langley enlisted as a private in the 21st Battalion and was commissioned as a lieutenant on 24 March 1915 . After training , the battalion was en route to Gallipoli on 2 September 1915 when the ship on which it was travelling , the Southland , was torpedoed . Langley helped with the evacuation of the ship until he collapsed . He and his battalion eventually landed at Gallipoli and remained there until evacuation in December .
After service in the Gallipoli Campaign , Langley was seconded to the Imperial Camel Corps to raise and train the 1st Australian Company , which by December 1916 was one of a number of companies that combined to become the 1st Anzac Battalion . In the latter stages of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign , Langley was an officer of the 14th Light Horse Regiment . He was awarded a Distinguished Service Order for `` skilful leadership and conspicuous gallantry '' , and was mentioned in despatches four times .
Interwar period
On his return to Australia , Langley was appointed headmaster of Mansfield Agricultural High School in 1920 . In 1924 he became headmaster of Warrnambool High School , a position he held for sixteen years . In 1940 he was transferred to Bendigo High School . He had remained in the Australian Army Reserve as a lieutenant colonel , and in this capacity had commanded various light horse regiments .
Second World War
In September 1940 , Langley was made commander of 38th Battalion and then in 1942 , was promoted to a temporary brigadier . Appointed commander of the 2nd Infantry Brigade , he oversaw the brigade , largely made up of militia conscripts , during its service in Western Australia and then from August 1943 , in Darwin . Unfit for active duty , he eventually retired as an honorary brigadier in March 1944 .
Later life
After service in England and the Middle East with the Australian Red Cross from 1945 to 1946 , Langley returned to teaching . He was the headmaster at Mordialloc High School in 1946 and 1947 , and then at Box Hill High School in 1948 . From 1949 he was headmaster at Melbourne High School for eight years . He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1958 . The latter stages of his life were spent working on a history of the Australian Camel Corps . Five years after his death on 24 August 1971 in Sydney , his work Sand , Sweat and Camels was published by his wife .
Notes
References
1891 births
1971 deaths
Australian brigadiers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Australian educational theorists
University of Melbourne alumni
Military personnel from Melbourne
Australian headmasters
Njøs is a Norwegian surname .
Njøs may refer to :
Arnor Njøs ( born 1930 ) , Norwegian soil researcher
Grunde Njøs ( born 1967 ) , Norwegian speed skater
Knut H. Njøs ( 1883-1934 ) , Norwegian politician
See also
Varcoe Headland is a low headland , with an elevation of 34 m , that marks the north entrance point to Horseshoe Bay in west Ross Island . It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board ( NZGB ) after Technical Services Officer Garth Edwin Varcoe , who worked in the New Zealand Antarctic Programme over a period of 15 years until his accidental death in a helicopter crash near this headland in October 1992 . His expertise was in the mechanical and electrical areas and he played a leading role in the reconstruction of Scott Base .
Headlands of Ross Island
The Battle of Estero Bellaco was one of the bloodiest battles of the Paraguayan War . The battle was fought on 2 May 1866 with the Paraguayan Army suffering 2,000 casualties among the dead and wounded . Likewise , 300 of their men were taken prisoner by the troops belonging to the Triple Alliance : Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay . The allies lost nearly 2,000 men , mostly wounded , and the Uruguayan troops of General Venancio Flores - commanded by León de Palleja - were severely decimated , accounting for the vast majority of allied deaths .
This estuary is located in the Department of Ñeembucú , Paraguay , on the banks of the river of the same name . To the south is the Argentine Republic .
Background
On 16 April 1866 , Allied troops under the command of Marshal Osório , crossed the River Paraguay and attacked Fort Itapirú and Paso de la Patria . By the 23rd , the Paraguayans had retreated behind the great marsh of Estero Bellaco . The Allied vanguard , under the command of General Flores , was camped on the southern edge of the marsh , with four Uruguayan battalions and their artillery battery , six Brazilian infantry battalions including artillery battery , a Brazilian cavalry regiment , and further behind , elements of an Argentinian infantry battalion and a cavalry regiment . Flores forces included : the Brazilian 5th , 7th , 3rd , 16th , 21st and 38th Voluntarios da Patria , the Uruguayan 24 de Abril , Florida , Independencia and Libertad , the Argentinian Rosario . Nearby was the main Allied army camped north of Paso la Patria . On 2 May 1866 , President Lopez sent 4,500 Paraguayan infantry against this Allied vanguard .
The battle
On 16 April 1866 , Brazilian troops under the command of Marshal Osório crossed the river and settled in the Itapirú Fort . Then , on the same day , General Flores crossed at the head of the First Corps of the Argentine Army and a Uruguayan infantry division . The next day Paunero 's troops did .
General Flores and his vanguard , commanded by the Spanish mercenary León de Palleja , stationed in Estero Bellaco , was attacked on 2 May by a Paraguayan force of 6,000 men with four pieces of artillery . The Paraguayans practically overwhelmed the allied troops , in complete confusion until they were assisted by twelve reserve battalions .
On 2 May 1866 , Marshal López ordered an offensive reconnaissance to the south of Estero Bellaco , to impose himself on the opponent 's location .
The allied forces entered the Paraguayan field . The opposing army fell back without resistance . Everything predicted a near and certain success . Following in the footsteps of López 's troops , they advanced along the royal road of Humaitá , until they reached , without difficulty , the Estero Bellaco del Sur , in whose vicinity the vanguard , composed of four Uruguayan battalions , four Brazilian battalions , four pieces of artillery camped . , some riograndense cavalry regiments and two hundred horsemen from General Flores ' private escort . In total , more than eight thousand men from the three arms .
The position of the Flores forces was , as follows , at that time :
The four Brazilian battalions mentioned were camped behind a soft blade . The 7th Battalion , which was the most advanced , protected the four pieces of the 1st Artillery Regiment . Eight hundred meters to the rear were the 21st and 38th Corps of `` Volunteers of the Homeland . '' The Uruguayan battalions Veinticuatro de Abril , Florida , Independencia and Libertad occupied the left of the imperial troops . The Spanish Palleja commanded the Florida and Veinticuatro de Abril battalions , made up largely of Spanish , Italian and even Swiss mercenaries among the Colorados of Uruguay .
Combat of 2 May 1866 in the Estero Bellaco Sud : attack by the vanguard of the Allied Army by the division of Paraguayan Lieutenant Colonel José E. Díaz , later General .
At twelve o'clock , when the allies were surrendering to devour the ranch , the Paraguayans burst through the three passes of the Estero , overwhelming the outposts of the vanguard . The push of the Paraguayan cavalry at first sowed confusion among the Argentine and eastern forces that retreated , being pursued . Venancio Flores himself was on the verge of being captured in the skirmish , but was able to flee with a stroke of luck . Spare and reorganized with the support of the Brazilian rearguard commanded by Osorio , the allies were able to exercise better resistance to the Paraguayan attack that was unleashed .
Episode of the 1st Line Cavalry of the Argentine Army in the Combat of Estero Bellaco ( reduced reproduction of a plate drawn by the distinguished artist Francisco Fortuny ) .
Indeed , when the vanguard of the allied army had been defeated , Colonel José Eduvigis Díaz , commander of the Paraguayan troops , wanted to go even further . Instead of ordering the withdrawal immediately , since the objective of the operation had already been fulfilled , he engaged in a reckless pursuit to crash into the bulk of the allied army . The charge was made by Colonel Elizardo Aquino , who collided with the already recovered allied troops and had to withstand the pressure of all the power of the opponent . Casualties were high for both sides . The Brazilian intervention in the rear was crucial to prevent a deeper penetration of the Paraguayans .
On the other side of the Estero , Díaz made an enveloping movement of the Brazilian troops fail , attempted by Paso Sidra , repelled them twice with the bayonet , forcing them to flee .
Although the casualties were almost similar for both sides ( similar death toll with more wounded on the allied side ) , the Paraguayan objectives of ambushing the enemy and stealing various pieces of artillery and ammunition were achieved . The Paraguayans were able to get 4 pieces of artillery and several carts full of modern weapons that served to alleviate the shortage of material that was beginning to be felt in the Francisco Solano López camp .
Aftermath
Gen. Flores wrote to his wife , `` In the future my vanguard will be composed of Argentines . ''
References
Bibliography
Battles of the Paraguayan War
Battles involving Argentina
Battles involving Brazil
Battles involving Paraguay
May 1866 events
1866 in Paraguay
ISO 14644 Standards were first formed from the US Federal Standard 209E Airborne Particulate Cleanliness Classes in Cleanrooms and Clean Zones . The need for a single standard for cleanroom classification and testing was long felt . After ANSI and IEST petitioned to ISO for new standards , the first document of ISO 14644 was published in 1999 , ISO 14644-1 .
In 2000 , ISO 14644-2 was published , which began the process of FED-STD-209E being canceled . On November 29 , 2001 , the document was canceled and superseded by ISO 14644-1 and ISO 14644-2 .
ISO 14644 is now composed of
ISO 14644-1 : Classification of air cleanliness
ISO/DIS 14644-1.2 ( 2014 ) : Classification of air cleanliness by particle concentration
ISO 14644-2 : Specifications for testing and monitoring to prove continued compliance with ISO 14644-1
ISO/DIS 14644-2.2 ( 2014 ) : Monitoring to provide evidence of cleanroom performance related to air cleanliness by particle concentration
ISO 14644-3 : Test Methods
ISO 14644-4 : Design , Construction , and Start-up
ISO 14644-5 : Operations
ISO 14644-6 : Vocabulary
ISO 14644-7 : Separative devices ( clean air hoods , gloveboxes , isolators and minienvironments
ISO 14644-8 : Classification of airborne molecular contamination
ISO 14644-9 : Classification of surface particle cleanliness
ISO 14644-10 : Classification of Surface Cleanliness by Chemical Concentration
ISO 14644-12 : Classification of Air Cleanliness by Nanoscale Particle Concentration
ISO 14644-13 : Cleaning of surfaces to achieve defined levels of cleanliness in terms of particle and chemical classifications
ISO 14644-14 : Assessment of suitability for use of equipment by airbone particle concentration
Part 1 : Classification of air cleanliness
ISO 14644-1 covers the classification of air cleanliness in cleanrooms and associated controlled environments . Classification in accordance with this standard is specified and accomplished exclusively in terms of concentration of airborne particulates . The document was submitted as an American National Standard and has been adopted as ANSI/IEST/ISO 14644-1:1999 in the United States , following the cancellation of FED-STD-209E .
Part 2 : Specifications for testing and monitoring to prove continued compliance with ISO 14644-1
Part 2 specifies requirements for periodic testing of a cleanroom or clean zone to prove its continued compliance with ISO 14644-1 for the designated classification of airborne particulate cleanliness . It also specifies requirements for the monitoring of a cleanroom or clean zone ( installation ) to provide evidence of its continued compliance with ISO 14644-1 for the designated classification of airborne particulate cleanliness . It became an International Standard following the cancellation of FED-STD-209E . In the United States in 2000 it was adopted as ANSI/IEST/ISO 14644-2:2000 .
Part 3 : Test Methods
This part specifies test methods for designated classification of airborne particulate cleanliness and for characterizing the performance of cleanrooms and clean zones . These test methods are specified in the document for two different types of cleanrooms and clean zones ; unidirectional flow and nonunidirectional flow .
The most important objectives of this highly referenced document are to provide an internationally common basis of measurement and evaluation of cleanrooms and , at the same time , not to prevent the introduction of new technologies .
Part 4 : Design , construction and start-up
This part specifies requirements for the design and construction of cleanroom and clean air devices , as well as requirements for start-up and qualification , but does not prescribe specific technological nor contractual means to meet the requirements . This document is intended for purchasers , suppliers , and designers of cleanroom installations . It was submitted as an American National Standard in 2001 .
Part 5 : Operations
ISO 14644-5 provides the basic requirements for operating and maintaining cleanrooms and associated controlled environments . This standard addresses requirements that are basic to the operation of all cleanrooms , regardless of the application . Topics include :
Operational systems that must be in place
Selection and use of appropriate cleanroom garments
Training and monitoring of personnel and activities
Installation and use of equipment
Requirements for materials used in the cleanroom
Maintaining the cleanroom environment in a clean , usable condition conforming to design standards .
This part was published as an International Standard in 2004 . The document was submitted as an American National Standard and has been adopted as ANSI/IEST/ISO 14644-5:2004 in the United States .
Part 6 : Vocabulary
This part is an important document for any contamination control professional . This document describes all the terms and definitions in ISO 14644 and ISO 14698 . In March 2008 this ISO Standard recently became an American National Standard .
Part 7 : Separative devices ( clean air hoods , gloveboxes , isolators and minienvironments )
This part of ISO 14644 specifies the minimum requirements for the design , construction , installation , testing and approval of separative devices in those respects where they differ from cleanrooms as described in Parts 4 and 5 . Separative devices range from open to closed systems .
The limitations are :
Application-specific requirements are not addressed .
User requirements are as agreed by customer and supplier .
Specific processes to be accommodated in the separative device installation are not specified .
Fire , safety and other regulatory matters are not considered specifically ; the appropriate national and local requirements shall be respected .
Full-suits are not within the scope of this standard .
This part was published as an International Standard in 2004 . The document was submitted as an American National Standard and has been adopted as ANSI/IEST/ISO 14644-7:2004 .
Part 8 : Classification of airborne molecular contamination
This part of ISO 14644 covers the classification of airborne molecular contamination ( AMC ) in cleanrooms and associated controlled environments , in terms of airborne concentrations of specific chemical substances ( individual , group or category ) and provides a protocol to include test methods , analysis and time-weighted factors within the specification for classification .
This document became a Standard in 2006 . It was developed by the Secretariat of ISO Technical Committee 209 , IEST .
Part 9 : Classification of surface particle cleanliness
This ISO document describes the classification of the particle contamination levels on solid surfaces in cleanrooms and associated controlled environments applications . Recommendations on testing and measuring methods as well as information about surface characteristics are given in informative annexes .
See also
ISO 14000 — environmental management standards exist to help organizations minimize how their operations negatively affect the environment ( cause adverse changes to air , water , or land ) and comply with applicable laws and regulations
Application to cleanrooms
References
External links
http : //www.iest.org
http : //www.ansi.org
http : //www.iso.org
14644
Cleanroom technology
Guglielmo Bruno ( died 1531 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Andros ( 1492–1531 ) .
On 26 August 1492 , Guglielmo Bruno was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Andros . He served as Bishop of Andros until his death in 1531 .
See also
Catholic Church in Greece
References
15th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
1531 deaths
Ecliptopera rectilinea is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by William Warren in 1894 . It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalayas , Taiwan , northern Thailand , Peninsular Malaysia , Borneo , Bali , Sumbawa and Sulawesi .
Subspecies
Ecliptopera rectilinear rectilinea
Ecliptopera rectilinea kanshinensis ( north-eastern parts of the Himalayas , Taiwan )
Ecliptopera rectilinea impingens ( Peninsular Malaysia , Borneo , Bali , Sumbawa )
Ecliptopera rectilinea fortis ( Sulawesi )
External links
`` Ecliptopera rectilinea Warren , 1894 `` . Moths of Northern Thailand . Archived from the original March 4 , 2016 .
Cidariini
Belekosoba is a small town and seat of the commune of Diedougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali .
The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is 305 metres . Variant forms of spelling for Béléko-Soba or in other languages : Benkou , Bélékoro , Belekou , Béléko , Béléko-Soba , Benkou ( fr ) , Belekou ( fr ) , Bélékoro ( fr ) , Béléko ( fr ) , Beleko , Beleko-Soba , Belekoro , Belekou , Benkou , Béléko , Béléko-Soba , Bélékoro .
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Nico Johan van der Hoogt ( born 19 February 1991 ) is a South African professional rugby union player who plays for the Leopards in the Currie Cup & The Rugby Challenge in South Africa . He can play as a loose-forward or lock .
Career
Limpopo
As a high school student at Hoërskool Ben Vorster in Tzaneen , Van der Hoogt earned a number of call-ups to represent his local provincial side , the at youth tournaments . In 2007 , he represented them at the Under-16 Grant Khomo Week , while he also player in South Africa 's premier schools tournament , the Under-18 Craven Week competition , in both 2008 and 2009 .
Golden Lions / UJ
After finishing school , Van der Hoogt moved to Johannesburg to join the for the 2010 season . He made seven appearances for the side in the 2010 Under-19 Provincial Championship . He was named in their squad for the 2011 Vodacom Cup competition , but failed to make an appearance . He did make two appearances for the side in the 2011 Under-21 Provincial Championship in the latter half of the year though .
Van der Hoogt made his provincial debut in the 2012 Vodacom Cup competition ; after a non-appearance from the bench in their match against , he played off the bench the following week in their match against the , coming on for the final few minutes in a 33–37 defeat . He made one further appearance , coming on as a replacement in their quarter-final match against , but once again ending on the losing side as the side from Cape Town ran out 58–34 winners . He was a regular for the s during the 2012 Under-21 Provincial Championship , appearing in eleven of their matches .
In 2013 , he represented university side in the 2013 Varsity Cup , making six appearances as they reached the Semi-final of the competition .
UFS Shimlas / Griffons
Van der Hoogt moved to the Free State in 2014 to represent in the 2014 Varsity Cup , making five appearances off the bench as they failed to reach the semi-finals .
Van der Hoogt also joined Welkom-based side the for the 2014 Currie Cup First Division competition . He made his debut for the Griffons – as well as his first appearance in the Currie Cup competition – by starting their match against the in Wellington and helping them to a 27–19 victory . He started their next match against the , with Van der Hoogt proving to be the match winner by scoring a try ten minutes from time in a 37–32 victory . He retained his place in the starting line-up for the remainder of the regular season , helping them to a second-placed finish on the log . He played the full 80 minutes of the semi-final , a 45–43 victory over the , and also featured for the entirety of the final , helping the Griffons to a 23–21 win over the in a match played in Welkom , to win their first trophy for six years .
Van der Hoogt played in the Griffons opening match of the 2015 Vodacom Cup , scoring a late consolation try in an 18–57 defeat to the , before once again joining up with the for the 2015 Varsity Cup . He played in two matches for them during the regular season , which saw Shimlas end that stage of the competition unbeaten , winning six matches and drawing their match against . Van der Hoogt also scored a try in their 44–24 victory over defending champions , . He also started their semi-final match against the same opposition , helping them to a 21–10 victory to help their reach their first ever final in the competition .
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
1991 births
Rugby union players from Pretoria
Rugby union locks
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Golden Lions players
Griffons ( rugby union ) players
Leopards ( rugby union ) players
This is a list of incidents attributed in popular culture to the Bermuda Triangle or Devil 's Triangle .
Aircraft incidents
1945 : December 5 , Flight 19 ( five TBF Avengers ) lost with 14 airmen , and later the same day PBM Mariner BuNo 59225 lost with 13 airmen while searching for Flight 19 .
1947 : July 3 , a Douglas C-54 crashed off the Florida coast after the pilot lost control in turbulence .
1948 : January 30 , Avro Tudor G-AHNP Star Tiger lost with six crew and 27 passengers , en route from Santa Maria Airport in the Azores to Kindley Field , Bermuda .
1948 : December 28 , Douglas DC-3 NC16002 lost with three crew and 36 passengers , en route from San Juan , Puerto Rico , to Miami , Florida .
1949 : January 17 , Avro Tudor G-AGRE Star Ariel lost with seven crew and 13 passengers , en route from Kindley Field , Bermuda , to Kingston Airport , Jamaica .
1949 : November 16 , a B-29 [ 42-65289 ] ( 2nd Bomb Sq ) ditched in the Atlantic . Two crewmen were missing but three days later 18 survivors were rescued 385 miles northeast of Bermuda .
1956 : November 9 , a Martin Marlin ( VP-49 ) lost with ten crewmen taking off from Bermuda .
1962 : January 8 , a USAF KB-50 51-0465 ( 427th AR Sq ) was lost over the Atlantic between the US East Coast and the Azores .
1965 : June 9 , A USAF C-119 Flying Boxcar of the 440th Troop Carrier Wing missing between Florida and Grand Turk Island The last call from the plane came from a point just north of Crooked Island , Bahamas , and 177 miles from Grand Turk Island . On July 18 , 1965 debris from the plane was found on the beach of Gold Rock Cay just off the northeastern shore of Acklins Island .
1965 : December 6 , Private ERCO Ercoupe F01 lost with pilot and one passenger , en route from Ft. Lauderdale to Grand Bahamas Island .
1971 : July 23 , 4 seaters Cessna 337 Super Skymaster went down between Curaçao & Barbados with 4 passengers aboard : Jerome and Leatrice Levin and Paul and Delores Warren . After a 2 week intensive search nothing was recovered of the aircraft or passengers , and nothing has ever been recovered since .
1978 : November 3 , Eastern Caribbean Airways Flight 912 , a Piper Chieftain flown by Irving Rivers , arriving at St. Thomas from St. Croix , vanished after being sighted by the control tower , and no trace was ever found .
2005 : June 20 , A Piper PA-23 disappeared between Treasure Cay Island , Bahamas and Fort Pierce , Florida . There were three people on board .
2007 : April 10 , A Piper PA-46-310P disappeared near Bird Cay after flying into a level 6 thunderstorm and losing altitude . Two fatalities were listed .
2017 : February 23 , The Turkish Airlines flight TK183 ( an Airbus A330-200 ) was forced to change its direction from Havana , Cuba to Washington Dulles airport after some mechanical and electrical problems occurred over the triangle .
2017 : May 15 , A private MU-2B aircraft was at 24,000 feet when it vanished from radar and radio contact with air traffic controllers in Miami . Plane wreckage was found later .
Incidents at sea
1492 : October 11 , Christopher Columbus and the crew of the Santa Maria reported seeing unknown lights one day before the landing at Guanahani .
1800 : , on course from Guadeloupe to Delaware , lost with 90 people on board . ( Possibly lost in a gale )
1814 : , last known position was the Caribbean , lost with 140 people on board . ( Possibly lost in a storm )
1824 : , on course from Cuba to Tompkins Island , lost with 14 people on board . ( Lost in a gale with 31 on board )
1840 : Rosalie , found abandoned . ( Possibly the `` Rossini '' found derelict )
1881 : According to legend , a sailing ship , the Ellen Austin , found a derelict vessel and placed a crew to sail the vessel to port . Two versions of what happened to the vessel are : the vessel was either lost in a storm or was found again without a crew . Lawrence David Kusche author of `` The Bermuda Triangle Mystery-Solved '' found no mention in 1880 or 1881 newspapers of this alleged incident-he did trace the legend to a book by Rupert Gould `` The Stargazer Talks '' published in 1943 . The `` Ellen Austin '' did exist ; a check from Lloyd 's of London records proved the existence of Meta , built in 1854 , and that in 1880 , Meta was renamed Ellen Austin . There are no casualty listings for this vessel , or any vessel at that time , that would suggest a large number of missing men were placed on board a derelict that later disappeared although one website includes the alleged derelict vessel incident it does find that Rupert Gould talked about the legend on radio in the 1930s ; likewise the website traces the derelict story to a June 1906 newspaper story-which claims the derelict ship incident took place in 1891 ; however the 1906 story does not give a reference of where this story came from .
1918 : , collier , left Barbados on March 4 , lost with all 306 crew and passengers en route to Baltimore , Maryland .
1921 : January 31 , Carroll A. Deering , five-masted schooner , Captain W. B. Wormell , found aground and abandoned at Diamond Shoals , near Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
1925 : December 1 , , having departed Charleston , South Carolina two days earlier bound for Havana , Cuba , radioed a distress call reporting that the ship was sinking . She was officially listed as overdue on 31 December . In 1985 an unknown shipwreck was found off St Augustine , Florida ; in 2020 it was identified as the remains of the SS Cotopaxi .
1941 : , lost with all 58 persons on board in heavy seas , having departed St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands with a cargo of bauxite on 23 November . The following month , her sister ship was lost with all 61 persons on board , having also departed St. Thomas with a cargo of bauxite , on 10 December . According to research by Rear Admiral George van Deurs , USN , who was familiar with this type of ship from their service in the USN , the acidic coal cargo would seriously erode the longitudinal support beams , making these aging and poorly constructed colliers extremely vulnerable to breaking up in heavy seas . They were both sister ships of the USS Cyclops .
1958 : Revonoc . A 43-foot racing yawl was lost with owner Harvey Conover and four others aboard , between Key West and Miami in a hurricane . The only trace found was the Revonoc '' 's 14-foot skiff , near Jupiter , Florida .
1963 : , lost with 39 crewmen , having departed Beaumont , Texas , on 2 February with a cargo of 15,260 tons of sulfur . She was last heard from on 4 February , when she was in rough , nearly following seas of 16 feet , with northerly winds of 25–46 knots , and listed as missing two days later . The US Coast Guard subsequently determined that the ship was unsafe and not seaworthy , and never should have sailed . The final report suggested four causes of the disaster , all due to poor design and maintenance of the ship .
1967 : December 22 , Miami hotel owner and yachtsman Dan Burack set out on his cabin cruiser Witchcraft with a priest named Patrick Horgan . The ship was taken one mile off the Miami coastline so that Burack and Horgan could view the Christmas lights visible from the shore . That night , Burack radioed a distress call to the Coast Guard , informing them that the boat 's propeller had struck something underwater , and that the vessel would need to be towed in . The Coast Guard requested that he send up a flare in roughly 20 minutes so that the boat could be more easily located . The official who received the call reportedly later noted that Burack did not seem too concerned about the Witchcraft , a boat that Burack had fitted with a special floatation device in its hull . When the Coast Guard arrived at the location from which Burack called , he , Horgan , and the Witchcraft '' were nowhere to be found . Over the following days , a search was conducted over hundreds of square miles of ocean , but the boat and its passengers were not able to be located .
1980 : January 12 , HMCS St. Laurent ( DDH 205 ) sank off Cape Hatteras , the closest point on the North American mainland to Bermuda . The ship took on water after encountering the tail end of a storm .
2015 : Late July , two 14-year-old boys , Austin Stephanos , and Perry Cohen went on a fishing trip in their 19-foot boat . Despite the 15,000 square nautical mile wide search by the Coast Guard , the pair 's boat was found a year later off the coast of Bermuda , but the boys were never seen again .
2015 : October 1 , , with a crew of 33 aboard , sank off of the coast of the Bahamas within the triangle after sailing into Hurricane Joaquin . Search crews identified the vessel 15,000 feet below the surface .
2020 : 29ft Blue & White Mako Cuddy Cabin Vessel , with 20 on board , last seen publicly during departure on December 28 , 2020 .
Incidents on land
1969 : August , Great Isaac Lighthouse ( Bimini , Bahamas ) , during a hurricane , two keepers disappeared and were never found .
References
Bibliography
External links
The Bermuda Triangle : A Selective Bibliography
United States Coast Guard casualty reports
Bermuda Triangle incidents
International maritime incidents
International waters
Maritime incidents
Maritime folklore
Missing ships
Missing aircraft
Dubrajpur refers to a city in Birbhum district in West Bengal , India
It may also refer to :
Dubrajpur , Paschim Medinipur , a village in Paschim Medinipur district in West Bengal , India
Iris graminea is a species of flowering plant belonging to the subgenus Limniris of the genus Iris , in particular the series Spuriae . It is a rhizomatous perennial , with purple or violet blue flowers almost hidden by narrow , grass-like leaves , and a plum scented fragrance . It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions . It has several common names , including grass-leaved flag , grass leaved iris , plum iris and plum tart iris ( due to its scent ) . This species naturally occurs in the southern half of Europe , from Spain and France in the West to Russia and the Caucasus in the East .
Description
Iris graminea has slender , short , hard rhizomes . The plant has narrow grass-like foliage . and can grow up to between long and 0.5–1.5 cm wide . They can have many branches creating dense tufts , clumps or tussocks of plants .
The leaves can be shiny , and bright green towards the top , and pale grey-green ( or blue green ) near the bottom . Some plants can have dark green leaves . They have strongly , visible longitudinal veins . The leaves are longer than the flowering stems . After the plant has flowered , the foliage has the tendency to extend . Later , the deciduous foliage dies back during the winter .
Iris graminea has a flattened stem , with distinct edges , that grows up to between long . The stems have 1–2 spathes ( leaves of the flower bud ) , which are unequal in size . The lower is larger and rather leaf-like . The stems hold 1–2 terminal ( top of stem ) flowers , blooming between spring , and summer , between May and June . The stems are normally , unbranched , but ( if they have a second flower ) , the pedicel , is up to 6 cm long .
The large flowers are in diameter , they are larger than Iris sintenisii flowers . They have a strong scent ( or fragrance ) , which can be variously described as similar to freesias , or fruity , or smell of ripe plums , or apricots , or greengages , or between grapes and plum tarts . The flowers come in a range of shades , from purple , blue-violet , purple violet , violet crimson , reddish purple , violet , lavender , and blue .
It has 2 pairs of petals , 3 large sepals ( outer petals ) , known as the 'falls ' and 3 inner , smaller petals ( or tepals , known as the 'standards ' . The falls have a long haft or claw , ( section closest to the stem ) and a small rounded or oval blade . They are long . The centre of the blade has a pale yellow , or white central area , which is veined with violet , purple , or blue . Some references describe a dark purple area with white veining . The claw is sometimes winged , and tinged with green or brown , or veined deep reddish-purple . The erect , standards are purple blue , or purple , or red-violet , They are long , with green or brown shade at the base . It has a long and arching , purple style branch , ( that is long as the haft ) , and has a dark purple centre stripe . They have a brown base .
It has an ovary with double ridges , a 2 pointed stigma and pollen that is orange-red . It also has a short perianth tube . After the iris has flowered , it produces a long seed capsule , which has a narrowed point . Inside the capsule , are pear shaped seeds , which are slightly compressed and flattened .
Genetics
As most irises are diploid , having two sets of chromosomes . This can be used to identify hybrids and classification of groupings .
It has been counted several times including , 2n=34 , Simonet 1932 ; 2n=34 , Lenz 1963 ; 2n=34 , Popova , M. , & I. Cesmedziev , ( 1975 & 1976 ) ; 2n=34 , Colasante & Sauer , 1993 ; 2n=28 , 34 , 36 , Lovka , 1995 and 2n=34 , Dobeš et al. , 1997 .
It is generally published as 2n=34 .
Taxonomy
It is pronounced as ( Iris ) EYE-ris ( graminea ) gram-IN-ee-a .
It is known as Iris à feuilles de graminées or Iris de Bayonne in France , and Giaggiolo susino in Italy . It is known as kosaciec trawolistny in Polish , and Iris trávolistý in Czech and Slovak . and it is known as zlakovidny iris in Russia , and gräsiris in Swedish , ( meaning grass iris ) .
The Latin specific epithet graminea refers to grassy due to the grass-like leaves . It has common names of Grass-Leaved Flag ( in the US ) or Grass leaved Iris , Plum Iris , and Plum tart Iris , or Plum scented Iris , ( because of the scent ) .
It was originally published and described by Carl Linnaeus in Species Plantarum Vol.1 page39 on 1 May 1753 . It was later published by Ker-Gawler in Curtis 's Botanical Magazine Vol.18 page681 in 1803 . Then by B. Fedtsch in Flora of SSSR Vol.4 page529 in 1935 . It was verified by United States Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service on 4 April 2003 and then updated on 1 December 2004 . It is an accepted name by the RHS , and it gained the RHS 's Award of Garden Merit .
Distribution
It is native to temperate areas of Europe , and Asia .
It is widespread from Spain to Russia . Within Asia , it is found in the Caucasus regions , of Georgia , and the Russian Federation , ( in Ciscaucasia and Dagestan ) . Also in Turkey ( in Asia Minor ) . Within Europe , it is found in Austria , Bulgaria , the Czech Republic and Slovakia , ( in Moravia ) , ex-Yugoslavia , France , Germany , Hungary , Italy , Poland , Romania , Spain , Switzerland , and Ukraine , ( in Crimea , ) . It may be naturalized in the Moravia region of the Czech Republic , and in Germany .
Habitat
It is found growing in scrubland , in grass lands , in meadows ( or pastures ) , in open woods , and in rocky or gravelly soils of the mountains .
Conservation
I. graminea is an 'endangered species ' in the Czech Republic and Slovakia , it is also listed as 'vulnerable ' in Hungary . Within Saxony ( Germany ) , it is listed as rare . I. graminea is thought to be extinct in Poland , but was formerly found near Cieszyn . It has been listed in various Red Data Books .
Cultivation
I. graminea is hardy to between USDA Zones 3 to 9 . It is hardy to Europe Zone H2 . It can survive temperatures as low as −20 °C . It is hardy in most places of the UK . During the winter , the foliage dies back , leaving the rhizome under the ground . In very cold climates , a mulch may help the plant survive colder temperatures .
It can be grown in normal garden conditions .
They prefer neutral or slightly acidic , ( or lime-free ) , well drained , and fertile ( or humus rich ) soils . They can tolerate dry soils , or clay and heavy soils , but it prefers damp soils . They prefer positions in full sun , and can tolerate partial shade . It requires adequate watering during growth , such as a moist spring and then drier during the summer . Mature plants can tolerate drought periods .
It can be fertilized in early spring and after flowers have bloomed . They can be grown in a front of a mixed border , or rockery . As well as being naturalized in the garden , they can be also grown in containers , as long as they are well watered . The flowers can be used in bouquets , so can also be grown in a cutting garden . They do not like root disturbance , similar to other spuria irises .
It suffers from no serious insect or disease problems . Crown rot is an infrequently occurring disease problem . It is susceptible to certain viruses , such as bacterial leaf blight , soft rot , rhizome rot , leaf spot , rust , viruses and scorch . It is also can be susceptible to damage by Iris borer , verbina bud moth , white flies , iris weevil , thrips , slugs , snails , aphids and nematodes . It can also tolerate damage from deer . Aphid Aphis newtoni can be found on the plant .
The iris has been cultivated since at least 1568 . It was first grown in Cambridge Botanic Garden in 1733 , where it was labelled as narrow leafed plum scent iris . For many years it was grown in St. Petersburg Botanical Garden , and the botanical garden of Ufa .
It is the most commonly grown Iris spuria species , and can be easily found in plants nurseries , though it is most commonly known in Europe .
Propagation
It can also be propagated by division or by seed growing . It rarely needs lifting and dividing . Large clumps of mature plants can be lifted between mid-summer to early autumn , then divided before being replanted . As it does not like root disturbance , so seed growing is preferred . If re-planted , they can take a year to 'settle ' before beginning to bloom again .
Seeds are collected from the pods after flowering . Seeds are then sown in containers in a cold frame in autumn , or between September to May . Seeds should be kept moist for about 2–4 weeks and also warm ( at about 15–20 °C ) . Then temperatures between −4 °C and + 4 °C suspend for 4–6 weeks . These conditions are best reached at the autumn sowing outdoors . Seed trays should then be kept at temperatures of 5 °C to + 10 °C after the cooling period , for a few weeks . In the wild , these freezing and heat period ) conditions take place naturally . The plants need to grow and mature for about 2–3 years before they begin to flower .
Hybrids and cultivars
Iris graminea has the following known varieties : 'Achtaroffii ' , 'Adami ' , 'Colchica ' , 'Graminea Lamprophylla ' , 'Graminea Sylvatica ' , 'Graminea latifolia ' , 'Gravenia ' , 'Hort 's variety ' , and 'Pseudocyperus ' . The latter of these has ranges from the Czech Republic , Romania , and Slovakia . Pseudocyperus has broad leaves , but no scent .
References
Sources
Pignatti S. – Flora d'Italia – Edagricole – 1982 Vol . III
Aldén , B. , S. Ryman & M. Hjertson . 2009 . Våra kulturväxters namn – ursprung och användning . Formas , Stockholm ( Handbook on Swedish cultivated and utility plants , their names and origin ) .
Czerepanov , S. K. 1995 . Vascular plants of Russia and adjacent states ( the former USSR ) .
Komarov , V. L. et al. , eds . 1934–1964 . Flora SSSR .
Mathew , B . 1981 . The Iris . 112 .
Tutin , T. G. et al. , eds . 1964–1980 . Flora europaea .
External links
Biolib
Iris graminea
graminea
Flora of Europe
Flora of the Caucasus
Garden plants of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
`` Separate Vocations '' is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the American animated television series The Simpsons . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 27 , 1992 . In the episode , Springfield Elementary School students take career aptitude tests . When Lisa learns she is best suited to be a homemaker , her dreams of being a professional musician are shattered and she becomes a delinquent troublemaker at school . When Bart finds he would make a good policeman , his grades and behavior improve and Principal Skinner makes him hall monitor .
The episode was written by George Meyer and directed by Jeffrey Lynch . American actor and television personality Steve Allen guest starred in the episode as the electronically altered voice of Bart in a fantasy sequence .
Since airing , the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics . It acquired a Nielsen Rating of 14.8 and was the highest-rated show on Fox the week it aired .
Plot
After a malfunctioning computer scrambles the results of career aptitude tests , Lisa learns she is best suited to be a homemaker . Heartbroken , she tries to prove the test results are wrong and consults a music teacher . He tells her she has inherited her father 's stubby fingers and can never be a professional saxophone player . Lisa dreads spending the day doing household chores with her mother . Realizing her dreams are shattered , she also loses interest in being a good student and rebels .
When Bart 's test shows he would make an ideal cop , he goes for a police ride-along with Eddie and Lou and helps apprehend Snake during a car chase . When Principal Skinner discovers Bart 's new interest in law enforcement , he makes him hall monitor . Bart issues demerits to students for minor infractions and restores order to the school .
Lisa encounters two delinquent students smoking in the bathroom and suggests they TP Skinner 's beloved school mascot , a puma .
When Lisa steals all the teachers ' editions of textbooks and reveals their lack of smarts , Bart finds his sister is the culprit . Bart takes the blame for her , returning to his life as a bad student and detention regular . Lisa is reformed as a good student . While Bart is in detention , Lisa consoles him by playing her saxophone outside the classroom .
Production
The episode was written by George Meyer and directed by Jeffrey Lynch . Mike Reiss , show runner of The Simpsons with Al Jean at the time , said Meyer wrote most of the episode by himself without help from the show 's other writers . Few changes were made to the first draft that he pitched to the producers ; it was near identical to the final script . The episode was inspired by the vocational tests taken by several members of the show 's staff when they went to school ; Reiss , for example , said he was told he would become a librarian . Jean said `` one of the first things that sold us on doing the episode '' was the idea of Bart becoming a policeman . He said it was `` a funny , realistic depiction of what a kid like Bart might wind up to become , and it was n't something you would immediately think of '' . Jean said the episode deals with the emotion that many adults feel when they grow older and realize they are not going to achieve the dreams they once had . `` [ It 's about ] how people in life cope with that problem . Maybe Lisa , at eight years old , is a little bit young to worry about that , but that 's what we were trying to explore here . ''
In one sequence Bart imagines himself testifying in court , with his voice electronically altered . The altered voice was provided by American actor and television personality Steve Allen . Series creator Matt Groening said he and some of the writers who were old enough to remember Allen 's TV show from the 1950s–60s were thrilled to have him guest-star , especially John Swartzwelder . It took nine takes for Allen to pronounce Bart 's catchphrase `` ¡Ay , caramba ! '' correctly , to the point where the staff began to get slightly frustrated with him . There was a discussion amongst the writing team of whether the episode should end with a joke or have a `` sweet '' ending . Reiss said `` With the better angels in our nature , we went with the sweet ending [ of Lisa playing her saxophone for Bart ] . ''
Cultural references
The music school that Lisa visits has a sign out front with a picture of a diapered baby Ludwig van Beethoven on it . When Principal Skinner is questioning Lisa about her newfound sense of irresponsibility , he asks `` What are you rebelling against ? '' She responds `` Whaddaya got ? `` , like Marlon Brando 's character Johnny Strabler did in the film The Wild One . She also has a toothpick in her mouth , like Johnny had in the film . The fifth graders whom Lisa talks to in the school washroom are smoking Laramie cigarettes .
The car chase scene with Snake is a reference to the car chase scene in the 1968 film Bullitt . Music similar to the soundtrack of the television series The Streets of San Francisco is heard in the scene . Alf Clausen , a composer on The Simpsons who had previously worked on several police shows , wrote the music for the scene . In another reference to The Streets of San Francisco and other Quinn Martin productions , a voice-over and caption proclaims the name of act two of the episode , `` Act II - Death Drives a Stick '' , after the episode 's first act break in the middle of the Snake car chase . In the sequence where Bart imagines himself testifying in court , his face is obscured with a blue dot ; this is a reference to the television coverage of the rape trial of William Kennedy Smith , in which the woman who accused Smith of raping her was obscured with a blue dot over her face . The way the scene changes from Bart and Skinner talking in Skinner 's office to them searching through the lockers is a reference to the same style of scene change used in the 1960s Batman television series , in which a close-up of Batman 's face with dramatic music in the background is shown for a brief moment before the scene changes . The song heard when Bart and Skinner search through the lockers for the Teachers ' Editions is a variation of Harold Faltermeyer 's `` AxelF '' from the film Beverly Hills Cop .
Analysis
In the last scene of the episode , Bart is seen writing `` I will not expose the ignorance of the faculty '' on the blackboard as a punishment for exposing the ignorance of the teachers by removing the Teachers ' Editions . In his book The Small Screen : How Television Equips Us to Live in the Information Age , Brian L. Ott describes this scene as one of the `` key ways The Simpsons appeals to audience , which tends to be younger , by critiquing authority figures , and in particular educators '' . Toby Daspit and John Weaver write in their book Popular Culture and Critical Pedagogy : Reading , Constructing , Connecting that the writers of The Simpsons are `` particularly interested '' in questions about authority and the abuses of powers in school . Another scene from the episode sees Ms. Hoover telling the students to stare at the blackboard for fifteen minutes until class is over . Daspit and Weaver write that it is `` the absolute power that teachers have over students ' every action that allows for the image to be presented on The Simpsons . It would be comforting to tell ourselves that this is simply parody run amok , that the writers are stretching reality to make a point , but the discussants in the study [ of The Simpsons in this book ] had memories of a reality very much like the one presented in this program . '' One of the discussants said she believes everyone has experienced similar situations in their school years , and she thinks the thought that `` an educator could ever do something so useless and pointless with the children 's time '' is `` frightening '' .
Reception
In its original American broadcast , `` Separate Vocations '' finished 29th in the ratings for the week of February 24–March 1 , 1992 , with a Nielsen Rating of 14.8 , equivalent to approximately 13.6 million viewing households . It was the highest-rated show on Fox that week . Nancy Cartwright won an Emmy for her outstanding performance as Bart .
Since airing , the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics . The authors of the book I Ca n't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , thought the episode displayed The Simpsons `` at its best – not only hilarious but daringly outspoken on a whole range of issues – the failures of the education system , police abuses of power , the stifling of children 's creativity '' .
Bill Gibron of DVD Verdict said `` Separate Vocations '' represents The Simpsons `` at its apex as a well tuned talent machine grinding out the good stuff with surprising accuracy and skill '' . Gibron added that the episode shows that `` even in territory they 're not used to ( Bart as a safety patrol , Lisa as a cursing class cut up ) , the Simpsons ' kids are funny and inventive '' .
Nate Meyers of Digitally Obsessed rated the episode a four ( out of five ) and commented that the script 's `` departure from the traditional roles assigned to Bart and Lisa makes for a fresh experience with many laughs '' . Meyers thought the highlight of the episode was Bart 's ride in the police car . DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson thought the theme of the episode was unoriginal , but commented that Bart 's `` rapid embrace of fascism '' and Lisa 's `` descent into hooliganism '' provide `` a number of funny opportunities , and 'Separate Vocations ' exploits them well . Though it 's not one of the year 's best shows , it seems like a good one for the most part . ''
References
External links
The Simpsons ( season 3 ) episodes
1992 American television episodes
Russ Hogue ( born December 26 , 1974 ) is an American kickboxer from Belleville , Illinois . He started training in martial arts under three time world kickboxing champion Jim Boucher in Belleville , Illinois . He was also a member of a National Karate competition team with other notable athletes such as Bridgett Riley ( World Boxing/Kickboxing Champion ) , Patrick Riley ( mixed martial arts champion ) , Donny Reinhardt ( North American Kickboxing Champion ) .
He won the St. Louis Golden Gloves title in 1993 and 1994 along with several other kickboxing titles : KICK MO State Champion , USA-KIA MO State Champion ( 2 weight classes ) , WKF and IKA United States Champion .
Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s he was a successful karate competitor , winning several national karate tournaments for a period of 4 years , he was the # 1 ranked sparring competitor in the region . He was also an alternate member of the 1991 Pan Am Games Karate Team .
In February 2007 he was inducted into the MMA Hall of Fame with Bridgett Riley and Patrick Riley . He was awarded his 5th degree blackbelt by Grand Master Rich Osborn - List of Certified Blackbelts .
Post Fight Career
Russ retired in 2002 . He graduated from Southern Illinois University with a bachelor 's degree in Management Information Systems . With a focus on building a successful business and academic career he completed a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Phoenix ( St. Louis , MO ) in 2003 . In 2015 , he earned the doctor of philosophy ( PhD ) in Organizational Psychology from Walden University ( Minneapolis , MN ) . His academic research has focused on leadership and building successful virtual teams . in 2021 , He graduated from Harvard University Extension School with a Master of Liberal Arts in Journalism .
He has also had a successful career working for the largest IT organizations in the world ( IBM , Microsoft and Dell ) with a focus on enabling technologies that support the virtual workforce .
References
Hostetler , Les : `` The Tribune '' , page 1 . Herald Publications , April 21 , 1994
MMASC - List of Certified Blackbelts
Hall of Fame -
Doctoral Research Publication -
1974 births
Living people
American male kickboxers
Kickboxers from Illinois
Heavyweight kickboxers
American male karateka
Walden University ( Minnesota ) alumni
University of Phoenix alumni
Southern Illinois University alumni
Harvard Extension School alumni
Faculty of Pharmacy of Monastir ( ) is affiliated to University of Monastir , located in the street Ibn Sina in Monastir in Tunisia . It was founded by Act No . 75/72 of 14 November 1975 .
It is the only institution for the study of pharmacy in Tunisia . It delivers the diplomas of doctor of pharmacy and of pharmacists specialists in biology and hospital and industrial pharmacists . It provides doctoral training in the framework of master and doctoral thesis . The studies are organized according to a first cycle of two years , a second cycle of four years , including a year of internship , and a thesis to obtain the national diploma of doctor of pharmacy .
The faculty of Pharmacy shares the same campus with the faculty of dental medicine .
On 20 November 2015 , the faculty celebrates its fortieth anniversary .
Deanship
In 2012 , Professor Souad Sfar is the dean of the faculty and Professor Fethi Safta its vice-dean . In 2015 , they were replaced by Professors Abdelhalim Trabelsi and Mohsen Hassine respectively .
See also
Monastir
University of Monastir
Faculty of Dental Medicine of Monastir
Faculty of Medicine of Monastir
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1975
Oscar Aga ( born 6 January 2001 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward for Elfsborg in the Swedish first division .
Coming through the youth ranks of Lyn and Stabæk , he made his Eliteserien debut in April 2018 against Brann . He scored his first goals in the 2019 Norwegian Football Cup , 5 goals in 3 matches . He was loaned out to Grorud at the closing of the summer 2019 transfer window . In 2021 Oscar Aga made the move to the swedish club IF Elfsborg and signed a contract that extends to 2025 .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Individual
Norwegian First Division top scorer : 2021
References
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Oslo
Association football forwards
Norwegian footballers
Stabæk Fotball players
Grorud IL players
IF Elfsborg players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Norwegian Second Division players
Norway youth international footballers
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Goračići is a village in the municipality of Lučani , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 1,082 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
During the 2006–07 season Peterborough United will play in Football League Two after finishing last season in 9th place in the Football League Two .
By January 2007 Keith Alexander was sacked after a run of poor form , and Darren Ferguson was appointed as player-manager for the club , but still by the end of the season the club only managed to finish in 10th place .
Kit Profile
|
|
First-team squad
Friendly matches
Competitions
League Two
League table
Matches
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Football League Trophy
Statistics
Goal scorers
Cards
See also
2006–07 Football League
References
Peterborough United F.C . seasons
Peterborough United
Thomas Henry Barker ( 18 May 1841 – 9 April 1917 ) was Secretary of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce from 1884 to 1912 . He was made Chevalier of the Order of Saint Anna for his services ( along with those of Alfred Lewis Jones ) to the duma during the Russian imperial visit to Cowes in 1909 .
Professional life
Barker started his career in 1856 at the age of 16 as a clerk with James Baines & Co. , owners of the Black Ball Line of ships ( at the time one of the largest shipping companies in Liverpool ) . Later he moved to work for Reynold , Mann & Co. , ship-owners and East India merchants , for whom he travelled extensively to America , Australia , and elsewhere .
After this he joined the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce as an assistant to William Blood , who was then Secretary of the Chamber . Blood retired in 1884 , and Barker was appointed Secretary in his place , at the age of 43 . The Chamber at this time was involved in negotiating around the trade in cotton , wheat , and iron with India , and Barker worked in this area in relation to the East Indian Railway Company , and lobbied for reductions in import tariffs to India . The Chamber 's first 'Trade Section ' or subcommittee ( relating to the cotton trade ) had been set up in 1882 , and by the end of the 1890s had twenty-three such Sections — with Barker instrumental in much of their organisation .
West African trade was also of great importance to the Chamber around the time when Barker became Secretary , and he was involved along with Sir Alfred Jones in establishing the West African Trade Section .
Barker also was instrumental in forming the Tobacco Trade Section . `` Tobacco had been previously warehoused at various Liverpool docks , which was highly inconvenient . On the formation of the Tobacco Section , however , representations were made to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board which led to the creation of a warehouse at the Stanley Docks , capable of storing the entire stock of tobacco entering the port . ''
Towards the end of 1902 ( following a visit to Liverpool by a British commercial agent from Moscow , H.A . Cooke ) the Russian Trade Section was established , chaired by Hermann Decker and H. Clements . The following year , Cooke was sent to Siberia to make `` inquiries on behalf of the Section '' , and a few months later Barker was sent ( via Canada ) to travel through Japan , Korea , China , and Russia , travelling on the Trans-Siberian Railway . In Beijing he met with de Lessar ( the Russian Minister ) , after which he visited Shenyang and Harbin also in China . Then he travelled through Russia , visiting Irkutsk ( and the Convict Settlement at Alexandrowski ) , then Tomsk and Omsk . The trip ended with a week in Moscow and St Petersburg , `` where he was received by , amongst others , the British Minister ( Sir Charles Scott ) , and Prince Khilkoff '' .
He became Russian Trade Organiser for the Chamber , and this led to him later helping during the Russian imperial visit to Cowes in 1909 for which he was awarded membership of the Order of Saint Anna .
Barker retired ( after thirty-one years as Secretary ) at the end of 1912 , the year in which the Chamber had negotiated improvements to the Liverpool telephone network , alongside the General Post Office taking over UK telephone networks . ( See also the photograph of Barker with Marconi at left . ) During his time as Secretary he had been involved in many prominent people , such as Lord Halsbury , Lord Lansdowne , Winston Churchill , and the King of Siam .
Personal life
Barker was born on 18 May 1841 at 9 Earle Street in Liverpool , the second son of Charles Frederick Barker and Elizabeth Barker ( née Hezelwood ) , and he was baptised on 8 June 1841 at St Peter 's Church , Liverpool . His siblings were Charles Frederick Barker ( 1838–1887 ) , Elizabeth Barker ( 1838–1840 ) and Joseph Bolton Barker ( 1844– ? ) .
Thomas Henry was living at 79 Canning Street , Liverpool in 1861 at the age of 19 , with his mother Elizabeth ( already a widow ) and working as a ships ' clerk . In the household were his brothers Joseph Bolton Barker ( aged 16 ) and Charles N. Barker ( aged 24 , working as a mariner ) , and their aunt Isabella Hazelwood ( aged 52 ) .
On 25 April 1875 he married Mary Ellen Moulsdale in Walton , Liverpool .
Barker enjoyed travelling , and as well as visiting many different parts of the world in the course of his professional duties he also travelled for pleasure . In 1908 after the Conference of the Associated Chambers of Commerce in Montreal he went on a journey to Japan and China and returned to Liverpool via the Trans-Siberian Railway soon after it was opened .
In April 1906 ( fifty years after starting his career ) the members of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce presented Barker with a large oil portrait of himself , which afterwards hung in the Chambers ' offices and today is held by his descendants . Barker retired in 1912 and died five years later aged 75 , in West Kirby .
References
Further reading
External links
Businesspeople from Liverpool
19th century in Liverpool
Liverpool docks
1841 births
1917 deaths
19th-century English businesspeople
Panionios Water Polo Club is the water polo team of Panionios multi sport club . It has got teams both men and women . The men 's team of Panionios is playing in A1 Ethniki ( first division ) and the women 's team is also playing in A1 Ethniki Women ( first division ) .
Men 's team
Panionios had had a water polo team by the period it was based in Smyrna , before 1922 . It kept up the team when it moved in Athens but some time later it was dissolved .
The water polo team of Panionios was refounded again in 1985 , after the building of natatorium in Nea Smirni .
In the '90s , the water polo men section gradually comes back to top levels and participates in the top division A1 Ethniki for several years ( 1993-1994 , 1995-1996 , 1997-1998 , 1998-1999 ) . However , poor economics cause the section to relegate again to B division . In season 1994-95 , Panionios won the championship of A2 Ethniki ( second division ) and got promoted to A1 Ethniki ( first division ) .
Since 2005 , Panionios stars in the championship , finishing in the first places every year . Soonly it had successes in European competitions . It played two times in the final of the LEN Euro Cup ( 2009 and 2011 ) but was defeated . Panionios had played five times in the final of the Greek cup but has been defeated in all matches .
Recent seasons
Honours
A1 Ethniki
Runners-up ( 2 ) :2009 , 2010
Greek Water Polo Cup
Runners-up ( 5 ) : 2006 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011
LEN Euro Cup
Runners-up ( 2 ) :2009 , 2011
Current roster
2020–21
Players :
Konstantinos Limarakis
Matthaios Salteris
Aristos Anagnostou
Gregory Kapetanakis
John spiropoulos
Dimitrios Bouzalas
Kostas Koukounas
George Kalaitzis
Dimitris Dimou
Sean Spooner
Dionysis Braimi
Spyros Gavalas
Jason Dalapas
Dimitris Mosxovelis
Christos helmis
George Pournaras
Nikos Karakasis
Ahmed Barakat
Kimon Alexiou
Dimokritos Zouridis
Coach :
Kostas Dimou
Women 's team
The women team of Panionios was founded in 1988 . In season 1993-94 played in first division ( A1 Ethniki ) but it relegated . It played again in first division from season 2009–10 to 2011–12 . In the last season ( 2012–13 ) played in A2 Ethniki and finished in second place .
Recent seasons
References
External links
Official website
Αφιέρωμα υδατοσφαίρισης ανδρών Α1 : Πανιώνιος Hellenic Swimming Federation , Official Page
Water polo clubs in Greece
Water Polo
Nea Smyrni
Madagascar competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , Mexico . Four competitors , all men , took part in six events in two sports .
Athletics
Jean-Louis Ravelomanantsoa
100 metres
First round : 10.2 s
Second round : 10.2 s
Semifinal : 10.2 s
Final : 10.2 s ( → 8th place )
200 metres — First round : 21.5 s ( did not advance )
Fernand Tovondray
110 metre hurdles — First round : 14.9 s ( did not advance )
High jump — Qualification : 2.03 m ( did not advance )
Dominique Rakotarahalahy
Pole vault — did not start
Cycling
One cyclist represented Madagascar in 1968 .
Individual road race
Solo Razafinarivo
References
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1968 Summer Olympics
1968
Olympics
Komsomolsk ( ) is a town and the administrative center of Komsomolsky District in Ivanovo Oblast , Russia , located on the Ukhtokhma River ( Uvod 's tributary ) west of Ivanovo , the administrative center of the oblast . Population :
History
It was founded in 1931 and granted town status in 1950 .
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Komsomolsk serves as the administrative center of Komsomolsky District , to which it is directly subordinated . Prior to the adoption of the Law # 145-OZ On the Administrative-Territorial Division of Ivanovo Oblast in December 2010 , it used to be incorporated separately as an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts .
As a municipal division , the town of Komsomolsk is incorporated within Komsomolsky Municipal District as Komsomolskoye Urban Settlement .
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Ivanovo Oblast
Shuysky Uyezd
Cities and towns built in the Soviet Union
Populated places established in 1931
1931 establishments in the Soviet Union
The SB Line is a railroad line owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway in the U.S. state of South Carolina . It runs from Kingville northerly via Camden and Lancaster to Rock Hill , though large parts are abandoned . The only pieces still used by Norfolk Southern are from the SC Line at Kingville to Wateree and from the Catawba River to the R Line in Rock Hill . The piece between Kershaw and the Catawba River is now owned by the Lancaster and Chester Railway .
The short spur to Wateree serves a Duke Energy plant .
In 2001 , the Lancaster and Chester Railway leased the line between Kershaw and the Catawba River . It bought the line in 2003 .
Service between the CSX Transportation Eastover Subdivision at Foxville and Hasskamp was discontinued in 2005 .
References
Abandoned Railroads of the US : Wateree to Kings Creek
Norfolk Southern Railway lines
Rail infrastructure in South Carolina
Surfaces may refer to several publications
Surfaces ( Université de Montréal journal ) , published from 1991 to 1999
Surfaces ( MDPI journal ) , published from 2018 onwards
See also
Surface Science ( journal )
Surface ( magazine )
Elizabeth Robinson ( born 1961 ) is an American poet .
Elizabeth Robinson may also refer to :
Elizabeth Robinson Montagu ( 1718–1800 ) , British social reformer , arts patron , literary critic and writer
Elizabeth G. Robinson ( 1899–1960 ) , Canadian politician , member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Betty Robinson ( 1911–1999 ) , American runner
Manus Trench is an oceanic trench in the Bismarck Sea north of Papua New Guinea delineating the plate tectonic boundary between the Caroline and North Bismarck plates .
There very moderate seismic activity along both these trenches , and their status as an active subduction zone has been challenged . A relative motion of or less has , nevertheless , been suggested for the Manus Trench , roughly normal to the trench .
The Kilinailau Trench east of New Ireland forms the continuation to the Manus Trench and is thought to mark the boundary between the Pacific and North Bismarck plates . It is , however , disputed whether the Caroline Plate moves independently from the Pacific Plate . If not , the Manus and Kilinailau trenches form the Pacific-North Bismarck boundary together .
Perpendicular to the two trenches is another trench , the Mussau Trench separating the Caroline Plate and Pacific Plate .
References
Notes
Sources
Tectonic plates
Geology of the Pacific Ocean
Subduction zones
Dr. Timothy Currie Armstrong is a Scottish Gaelic punk musician , novelist , and academic from Seattle , Washington .
Earlier life
Armstrong was a member of several punk bands in Brunswick , Maine in the late eighties , including Officer Friendly , while studying for a BA in biology at Bowdoin College ; he graduated with honors in 1990 . He stated in an interview for Radio nan Gàidheal that he has thirteen tattoos , many of which were from this period of his life , expressing his rebellious punk values and pacifism . After spending some years living in Scotland and meeting other Gaelic-speaking punks such as Ruairidh of Oi Polloi , he started learning Gaelic .
Mill a h-Uile Rud
The band , whose name translates as `` Destroy Everything '' , formed in 2003 and retain their original line-up of Armstrong ( vocals , guitar ) , Sgrios a h-Uile Rud ( vocals , bass ) and Sìne Nic Anndrais ( drums ) .
In April 2005 , Mill a h-Uile Rud embarked on a European tour with Oi Polloi , another Scottish Gaelic punk band , which took them to Scotland , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany and Poland . Much of this tour was filmed by BBC Alba for a Gaelic television documentary on Mill a h-Uile Rud and Gaelic punk . They have also played in Stornoway , on the sparsely populated Isle of Lewis , the largest town in the Western Isles of Scotland . They also recorded a live session for the BBC Radio nan Gaidheal nighttime 'Rapal ' program which is broadcast nationally in Scotland .
In Scotland
In 2005 , Armstrong moved to Scotland full-time to study sociolinguistics and language revival at Sabhal Mòr Ostaig , earning a BA in Gaelic Language and Culture in 2006 and a Ph.D. in 2009 . The band is less active , although it still performs from time to time when Armstrong is back in Seattle . Armstrong was also involved in the Gaelic techno/hip-hop act , Nad Aislingean , the Gaelic rock band , Na Gathan . He is currently a researcher and senior lecturer in Gaelic and Communication at Sabhal Mòr Ostaig .
Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach
Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach is a science fiction novel written in Scottish Gaelic by Armstrong and published by CLÀR in 2013 . It was launched in Edinburgh with Mill a h-Uile Rud 's contemporaries Oi Polloi at an illegal street gig on Leith Walk outside Elvis Shakespeare , and later at The Cruz boat on The Shore with Comann Ceilteach Oilthigh Dhun Eideann and CLÀR . Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach is the first hard science-fiction novel in Gaelic written for adults . The story combines elements of space opera , dark cyberpunk , romance and rock-band road-trip adventure . The central conceit of the novel is that in space , everyone speaks Gaelic , allowing the author to create an entirely Gaelic-speaking world for the characters . In 2013 , Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach won the Saltire Society Scottish First Book of the Year Award .
References
External links
Armstrong 's biography at SMO
Scottish Gaelic singers
Living people
Scottish Gaelic education
Scottish Gaelic novelists
Bowdoin College alumni
Sabhal Mòr Ostaig
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Roland Clift is a chemical engineering professor widely known for his work and media contributions on the topic of sustainability .
Career
Clift was born 19 November 1942 and studied Chemical Engineering at Cambridge ( Trinity College ) , achieving first class honours in 1964 . He received a PhD from McGill University in 1970 for work on particle-fluid interactions , and this was his main research area ( at McGill and Cambridge then Surrey University ) in subsequent years . He became Head of the Department of Chemical Engineering at Surrey in 1981 .
His growing interest in the application of engineering principles to environmental issues led him in 1992 to establish the Centre for Environmental Strategy ( CES ) at the University of Surrey , a multidisciplinary group of engineers , scientists and social scientists . In this Centre he was an advocate of Clean Technology , Life Cycle Assessment and Sustainable Development . He is presently Professor Emeritus at the CES .
He has made a number of criticisms of government policy with respect to energy and the environment .
He moved to British Columbia in 2018 . He is an Adjunct Professor at the University of British Columbia and the University of Victoria .
Positions
Member , Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution ( 1996–2005 ) . Visiting Professor in Environmental systems analysis at Chalmers University , Sweden . Expert Adviser to the House of Lords Science and Technology Committee enquiry into Energy Efficiency ( 2004–05 ) . Member of the Science Advisory Council of the UK Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) ( 2006– ) . Vice-President of Environmental Protection UK . President of the International Society for Industrial Ecology 2009–10 . Visiting Professor at Chalmers University of Technology since 2000 .
Honours
He is a Fellow of the Institution of Chemical Engineers , the Royal Academy of Engineering and the Royal Society of Arts . In 1994 he was made an OBE for his initiative in promoting research in Clean Technology , and a CBE in 2006 for services to the environment . He received the Sir Frank Whittle Medal of the Royal Academy of Engineering for 2003 , for 'an outstanding and sustained engineering achievement contributing to the well-being of the nation ' . He received the 2007 Hanson Medal and the 2016 George E. Davis Medal of the Institution of Chemical Engineers .
Selected publications
Clift , R. , Grace , J. R. , and Weber , M. E. , ( 1978 ) Bubbles , Drops and Particles Academic Press
Davidson , J . F. , Clift , R. , and Harrison , D. , ( eds ) ( 1985 ) Fluidization , 2nd ed Academic Press
Clift , R. , and Seville , J. P. K. , ( eds ) ( 1993 ) Gas Cleaning at High Temperatures Blackie
Clift , R. ( 1993 ) Journal of Cleaner Production , 1 , 3–4 , pp 155–159 `` Life Cycle Assessment and Ecolabelling ''
Clift , R. , & Wright , L. , ( 2000 ) Technological Forecasting and Social Change , 65 , 3 , pp 281–295 `` Relationships Between Environmental Impacts and Added Value Along the Supply Chain ''
Azapagic , A. , Perdan , S. , and Clift , R. , ( eds ) ( 2004 ) Sustainable Development in Practice – case studies for engineers and scientists , John Wiley & Sons
Wilson , K.C. , Addie , G. R. , Sellgren , A. and Clift , R. ( 2006 ) Slurry Transport Using Centrifugal Pumps ( 3rd ed. ) . Springer Science + Business Media , Inc. New York .
Clift , R. ( 2006 ) Energy , 32 , pp . 262–268 `` Climate Change and Energy Policy : The Importance of Sustainability Arguments ''
Clift , R. ( 2006 ) Chemical Engineering Science , 61 , pp 4179–4187 `` Sustainable development and its implications for chemical engineering ''
Clift , R. and Mulugetta , Y . ( 2007 ) The Chemical Engineer , October , pp . 24–26 `` A Plea for Common Sense ( and Biomass ) ''
References
External links
Centre for Environmental Strategy University of Surrey
British chemical engineers
Engineering academics
Sustainability advocates
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Academics of the University of Surrey
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Living people
British environmentalists
Industrial ecology
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Zurich Instruments Ltd. is a privately owned company developing and selling advanced test and measurement instruments equipped with software for dynamic signal analysis . The company is based in Technopark , Zurich , Switzerland , and has international subsidiaries operating in Shanghai and Boston . Its focus is on academic and industrial research and development organizations .
History
Zurich Instruments was founded in April 2008 as a spin-off by three employees of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology ( ETH Zurich ) . hoping to take advantage of market demand for better lock-in amplifiers .
Seed financing was gained from startup competition prizes and a research project for ETH Zurich . Since then , Zurich Instruments ' growth has been self-financed .
The company 's first product , the HF2LI , a 50 MHz lock-in amplifier , was introduced in 2009 . By 2015 two further lock-in amplifiers , the UHFLI and MFLI , had been introduced , covering the frequency ranges from DC to 600 MHz and DC to 500 kHz/5 MHz respectively .
Since 2016 Zurich Instruments has also been developing quantum computing instrumentation technology in close collaboration with the groups of Prof. Andreas Wallraff at ETH Zurich and Prof. Leo DiCarlo at Delft University of Technology . In 2018 , Zurich Instruments commercialized the first Quantum Computing Control System ( QCCS ) , which integrates a multi-channel Arbitrary Waveform Generator ( HDAWG ) , a Quantum Analyzer ( UHFQA ) and a Programmable Quantum System Controller ( PQSC ) .
Zurich Instruments products include impedance analyzers , phase-locked loops , digitizers and boxcar averagers . All products utilize the instrument control software LabOne , which provides platform-independent instrument control through a web-based user interface as well as a variety of APIs .
Main applications
Optics & Photonics
Scanning Probe Microscopy
Quantum Computing & Sensing
Nanophysics
Sensors & Actuators
Engineering & Semiconductors
Bioengineering & Med-technology
Electrochemistry
References
External links
Application notes from Zurich Instruments
Principles of lock-in detection and the state of the art , White Paper , 2016 , from Zurich Instruments
Companies based in Zürich
Electronic test equipment manufacturers
Swiss brands
John Lombardo ( born 30 September 1952 ) is one of the founding members of the American alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs and one of the band 's most influential members , writing much of its early material . He is also a member of folk rock duo John & Mary .
Biography
Called by the Buffalo News `` a dominant force '' in the Maniacs , Lombardo was in the group from its inception in 1981 until he left in 1986 after the release of their first major-label album The Wishing Chair , disagreeing with the direction of the band and frustated with the lack of success . `` I think I just really ran out of gas , '' Lombardo explained to The Morning Call in 1997 . `` It was very much a nomadic , gypsy lifestyle , even though we were on a major label ( Elektra ) . We were n't making very much money and it just got very frustrating for me . I needed a breather to find out what my own life was about . ''
Lombardo then formed the folk rock duo John & Mary with the classically trained Mary Ramsey , who played violin and viola for 10,000 Maniacs and sang backing vocals on the 1993 album MTV Unplugged . The pair made two recordings under the name John & Mary , Victory Gardens in 1991 and 1993 's The Weedkiller 's Daughter . Lombardo remained on cordial terms with his former band , with two Maniacs ( Rob Buck and Jerry Augustyniak appearing as guest performers on their albums , and John and Mary opened for the 10,000 Maniacs on tour . Lombardo would also work with the band in 1990 to remaster Hope Chest , a compilation of their first two albums , released in 1990 .
Lombardo returned to the Maniacs in 1994 after Natalie Merchant 's departure , with Ramsey joining as the lead singer . The duo released two albums with the Maniacs : 1997 's Love Among the Ruins , which contained a cover of the Roxy Music song `` More Than This '' that did well in the U.S. charts ; and 1999 's The Earth Pressed Flat . In 2002 , after leaving the Maniacs following the death of guitarist Rob Buck , John & Mary released The Pinwheel Galaxy and then Peace Bridge ( 2007 ) under the name John & Mary and the Valkyries .
Lombardo continues to perform regularly with John & Mary and has rejoined 10,000 Maniacs as a touring member , contributing to their 2015 album Twice Told Tales , performing on their 2016 live album Playing Favorites , and playing regular gigs with the band .
Discography
With 10,000 Maniacs
Human Conflict Number Five ( EP ) ( 1982 )
Secrets of the I Ching ( 1983 )
The Wishing Chair ( 1985 )
Hope Chest : The Fredonia Recordings 1982-1983 ( 1990 )
Love Among the Ruins ( 1997 )
The Earth Pressed Flat ( 1999 )
Campfire Songs : The Popular , Obscure and Unknown Recordings ( 2004 )
Twice Told Tales ( 2015 )
Playing Favorites ( 2016 )
Live at the Belly Up ( 2017 )
With John & Mary
Victory Gardens ( 1991 )
The Weedkiller 's Daughter ( 1993 )
The Pinwheel Galaxy ( 2002 )
With John & Mary & the Valkyries
Peace Bridge ( 2007 )
References
External links
John & Mary and the Valkyries MySpace
1952 births
Living people
10,000 Maniacs members
John & Mary members
American folk guitarists
American male guitarists
American rock guitarists
American male singer-songwriters
American folk singers
American rock singers
American folk rock musicians
American rock songwriters
Singer-songwriters from New York ( state )
People from Jamestown , New York
Musicians from Buffalo , New York
Guitarists from New York ( state )
20th-century American guitarists
Jirayu Raksakaew ( ; RTGS : Chirayu Raksakaeo , born 3 August 1987 ) is a member of the Thailand men 's national volleyball team .
Career
Jirayu played the 2017 season on loan with the Thai club Air Force .
Clubs
Chakungrao - Armed forces ( 2009–2010 )
Chonburi ( 2011–2013 )
Le Lausanne Université Club ( 2014–2015 )
Chonburi E-tech Air Force ( 2015–2016 )
Malidivian Sport & Recreation Club ( 2016 )
Ratchaburi ( 2016–2017 )
Air Force ( 2017 )
NK Fitness Samutsakhon ( 2017–2018 )
Diamond Food ( 2018–2021 )
Awards
Individual
2009–10 Thailand League `` Best Scorer ''
2009–10 Thailand League `` Best Spiker ''
2010–11 Thailand League `` Best Server ''
2011–12 Thailand League `` Most Valuable Player ''
2011–12 Thailand League `` Best Scorer ''
2011–12 Thailand League `` Best Spiker ''
2011–12 Thailand League `` Best Server ''
2012–13 Thailand League `` Best Scorer ''
2016 Thai-Denmark Super League `` Best Blocker ''
2016–17 Thailand League `` Best Opposite ''
2019–20 Thailand League `` Best Server ''
Clubs
2009–10 Thailand League - Champion , with Chakungrao - Armed forces
2010–11 Thailand League - Champion , with Chonburi
2011–12 Thailand League - Champion , with Chonburi
2012–13 Thailand League - Bronze medal , with Chonburi
2013–14 Thailand League - Runner-Up , with Chonburi
2014 Thai-Denmark Super League - Champion , with Chonburi
2015–16 Thailand League - Bronze medal , with Chonburi E-Tech Air Force
2016–17 Thailand League - Bronze medal , with Ratchaburi
2018 Thai–Denmark Super League - Runner-Up , with Visakha
2018–19 Thailand League - Runner-Up , with Saraburi
2019 Thai–Denmark Super League - Third , with Saraburi
2019–20 Thailand League - Silver medal , with Diamond Food
2020–21 Thailand League - Silver medal , with Diamond Food
References
1987 births
Living people
Jirayu Raksakaew
Volleyball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Volleyball players at the 2014 Asian Games
Volleyball players at the 2018 Asian Games
Jirayu Raksakaew
Thai expatriates in Switzerland
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Thai expatriate sportspeople in the Maldives
Expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Jirayu Raksakaew
Jirayu Raksakaew
Southeast Asian Games medalists in volleyball
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Jirayu Raksakaew
Beloslav Peak ( , ) is the peak rising to 1974 m in Doyran Heights , southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica , and surmounting Guerrero Glacier to the southwest and Sikera Valley to the east .
The peak is named after the town of Beloslav in Northeastern Bulgaria .
Location
Beloslav Peak is located at , which is 4.44 km southeast of Mount Havener , 8.37 km southwest of Gubesh Peak , 4.97 km northwest of Taylor Spur and 8.92 km northeast of McPherson Peak . US mapping in 1961 , updated in 1988 .
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly updated .
Notes
References
Beloslav Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Beloslav Peak . Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
A special election was held in on January 11 , 1813 to fill a vacancy left by the death of Thomas Blount ( DR ) on February 7 , 1812 .
Election results
Kennedy took his seat on January 30 , 1813 .
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
North Carolina 1813 03
North Carolina 1813 03
1813 03
North Carolina 03
United States House of Representatives 03
United States House of Representatives 1813 03
January 1813 events
This is a list of members who were elected to the 31st Dáil Éireann , the lower house of the Oireachtas ( legislature ) of Ireland . These TDs ( Members of Parliament ) were elected at the 2011 general election on 25 February 2011 . On the advice of President Mary McAleese , the newly elected Dáil Éireann convened at midday on 9 March 2011 in Leinster House . It was dissolved by President Michael D. Higgins on the request of Taoiseach Enda Kenny on 3 February 2016 .
The 2011 election saw 17 Dáil constituencies return 3 TDs each , 15 constituencies return 4 TDs each and 11 constituencies return 5 TDs each , for a total of 166 . Seán Barrett was elected as Ceann Comhairle in the first sitting of the Dáil . Fine Gael , led by Enda Kenny , became the largest party for the first time , though without an overall majority . Fine Gael formed a coalition government with the Labour Party , led by Eamon Gilmore , who had achieved their highest number of seats in the party 's history . In July 2014 , Joan Burton won a Labour Party leadership election to become the Leader of the Labour Party and Tánaiste .
Fianna Fáil secured 20 seats , the lowest in the party 's history , and was the largest party in opposition . The leader of the party , Micheál Martin became the Leader of the Opposition . Gerry Adams as leader of Sinn Féin became the second opposition leader . A technical group was formed following the election composed of 16 independent politicians and members of the United Left Alliance , who failed to win enough seats to gain speaking rights .
Almost half of the members of the 30th Dáil were absent from the 31st : 31 members retired before the poll and a further 45 sitting TDs lost their seats at the election . 76 new TDs were elected to the Dáil , 46 % of the total . The 31st Dáil lasted days .
Composition of the 31st Dáil
Government coalition parties denoted with bullets ( )
Graphical representation
The following illustrates the composition of the 31st Dáil at the time of its first sitting on 9 March 2011 ( after Seán Barrett ( Fine Gael ) took office as Ceann Comhairle ) .
The following illustrates the composition at the time of its dissolution in February 2016 .
Government
Fine Gael
Labour Party
Opposition
Fianna Fáil
Sinn Féin
Anti-Austerity Alliance–People Before Profit
Anti-Austerity Alliance
Socialist Party
People Before Profit Alliance
Renua Ireland
Social Democrats
Workers and Unemployed Action Group ( later Workers and Unemployed Action )
Independent
Vacant seat
Notes
The Socialist Party , People Before Profit Alliance , Workers and Unemployed Action Group and some Independent politicians in Irelands sat together as a technical group , which was later joined by Renua Ireland and the Social Democrats .
This is not the official seating plan of the Dáil Éireann . The government parties sit to the left of the Ceann Comhairle and opposition parties sit to the right .
Ceann Comhairle
On 9 March 2011 , Seán Barrett ( FG ) was proposed by Enda Kenny for the position of Ceann Comhairle . He was approved without a vote .
Leas-Cheann Comhairle : Michael Kitt ( Fianna Fáil )
Leadership
Government
Taoiseach and Leader of Fine Gael : Enda Kenny
Government Chief Whip and Fine Gael Chief whip : Paul Kehoe
Tánaiste and Leader of the Labour Party : Joan Burton
Labour Party Chief whip : Emmet Stagg
Opposition
Leader of the Opposition and Leader of Fianna Fáil : Micheál Martin
Fianna Fáil Chief whip : Seán Ó Fearghaíl
Leader of Sinn Féin : Gerry Adams
Sinn Féin Chief Whip : Aengus Ó Snodaigh
Committees
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Agriculture , Food and the Marine : Andrew Doyle ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Agriculture , Food and the Marine : Pat Deering ( Fine Gael )
Chairwoman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Education and Social Protection : Joanna Tuffy ( Labour Party )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Education and Social Protection : Aodhán Ó Ríordáin ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Environment , Culture and the Gaeltacht : Michael McCarthy ( Labour Party )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Environment , Culture and the Gaeltacht : Noel Coonan ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on European Affairs : Dominic Hannigan ( Labour Party )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on European Affairs : Dara Murphy ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Finance , Public Expenditure and Reform : Ciarán Lynch ( Labour Party )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Finance , Public Expenditure and Reform : Liam Twomey ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Foreign Affairs and Trade : Pat Breen ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Foreign Affairs and Trade : Bernard Durkan ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Health and Children : Jerry Buttimer ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Health and Children : Ciara Conway ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on the Implementation of the Good Friday Agreement : Joe McHugh ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on the Implementation of the Good Friday Agreement : Joe O'Reilly ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee of Inquiry : Ciarán Lynch ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Public Service Oversight and Petitions : Pádraig Mac Lochlainn ( Sinn Féin )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Public Service Oversight and Petitions : Derek Nolan ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Jobs , Enterprise and Innovation : Damien English ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Jobs , Enterprise and Innovation : John Lyons ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Select Committee on Members ' Interests of Dáil Éireann : Thomas Pringle ( Independent )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Select Committee on Procedure and Privileges ( Dáil ) : Seán Barrett ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Sub-Committee on Administration : Joe Carey ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Sub-Committee on Dáil Reform : Paul Kehoe ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Sub-Committee on Privileges : Emmet Stagg ( Labour Party )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Public Accounts Committee : John McGuinness ( Fianna Fáil )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Public Accounts Committee : Kieran O'Donnell ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Transport and Communications : John O'Mahony ( Fine Gael )
Vice Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Transport and Communications : Paudie Coffey ( Fine Gael )
Chairman of the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Standing Orders ( Private Business ) : Denis O'Donovan ( Fianna Fáil ) – Senator
List of TDs
This is a list of TDs elected to Dáil Éireann in the 2011 general election , sorted by party . Note this table is a record of the 2011 general election results . The Changes table below records all changes in party affiliation .
Changes
Retirements
The following members of the 31st Dáil did not stand for re-election to the 32nd Dáil .
See also
Members of the 24th Seanad
Notes
References
External links
Houses of the Oireachtas : Debates : 30th Dáil
31st Dáil
2011 in the Republic of Ireland
31
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Tsutsuga , Yamagata District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 , when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1956
2003 disestablishments in Japan
Living Lightning ( Miguel Santos ) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . He first appeared in Avengers West Coast # 63 , published in October , 1990 . The character was created by writers Dann Thomas and Roy Thomas and artist Paul Ryan .
He started out trying to clear the name of his father , Carlos Santos , by investigating the Legion of the Living Lighting . During his investigations a machine accidentally gave him the power to not only control lightning but also to turn into the human embodiment of lighting . He became a member of the Avengers West Coast and served with them during Operation : Galactic Storm . During the Civil War he sided with Captain America who was against superhero registration . At the end of the Civil War Living Lighting joined the 50 states initiative , becoming a member of Texas-based super-team , The Rangers that also include Firebird , Fifty-One , Red Wolf , Shooting Star and Texas Twister .
Publication history
Living Lightning first appeared in the story `` When Lives the Lightning '' in Avengers West Coast # 63 ( October , 1990 ) , written by Dann Thomas and Roy Thomas , and illustrated by Paul Ryan . From 1991 to 1994 , he began as an enemy of Avengers West Coast in Avengers West Coast # 71–73 then became a member of the team and has made nineteen other appearances in this series with # 74–80 , # 82 , # 84–90 , # 92 , # 96 , # 100 , # 102 and two in Avengers West Coast Annual # 7–8 .
In 1992 , as an Avenger , he appeared in other titles of the crossover Operation : Galactic Storm with The Avengers # 345 , # 347 , Captain America # 401 , Quasar # 33 , Thor # 445–446 and Wonder Man vol.2 # 8–9 .
During the same year , Miguel Santos played a role in the comic book limited series Infinity War with # 1–3 , 6 and several tie-ins . In 1993 , he appeared in the sequel , Infinity Crusade with # 1 , # 3–5 and the tie-in Web of Spider-Man with # 104 , # 106 .
In 1998 , Living Lightning appeared in The Avengers # 1–3 .
In 2005 , he made a brief appearance in GLA # 2 written by Dan Slott , in which Living Lightning is revealed to be gay .
From 2006 to 2008 , Miguel Santos played a role in the events of Civil War . He appeared in Civil War # 4–6 , The Amazing Spider-Man # 537 , Civil War : Battle Damage Report # 1 , Civil War : Front Line # 11 and Civil War Chronicles # 6 . Living Lightning has been identified as one of the 142 registered superheroes who appear on the cover of the comic book Avengers : The Initiative # 1 . The character became a member of the Rangers and appeared in the issues # 2 ( July 2007 ) and # 19 ( January 2009 ) of this series .
In 2009 , he made two appearances in the series Avengers Unconquered with the episodes # 4 and # 6 . This series is a part of Marvel UK 's 'Collectors ' Edition ' line . It is published by Panini Comics and reprints Marvel Comics from the United States .
In 2012 , writer Chris Yost chose the Texas team the Rangers to come into conflict with Houston 's new superhero Scarlet Spider in the story `` The Second Master '' in Scarlet Spider # 7–9 . In an interview with Comic Book Resources , at a question about the antagonists in the story , Chris Yost answered `` You 'll also be seeing a well known super-hero group from the American southwest named – wait for it – The Rangers ! Texas Twister ! Shooting Star ! Red Wolf ! Living Lightning ! Firebird ! Even a new hero or two ! And spoiler alert – Scarlet Spider will fight them . ''
Living Lightning was featured as a main character during the 2018 storyline `` No Surrender '' in Avengers # 675-690 .
Living Lightning has also been depicted in two alternative universes with `` What If the Avengers Lost Operation Galactic Storm ? `` , What If ... ? # 55–56 ( 1993 ) and with a brief appearance in `` What if the Scarlet Witch Had n't Acted Alone ? `` , What If ? Avengers Disassembled ( 2006 ) .
The character has entries in The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe : Master Edition # 28 ( 1990 ) , in The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe : Avengers 2005 and also in The Marvel Encyclopedia ( 2006 ) .
Fictional character biography
Miguel Santos was born in East Los Angeles , California . Miguel 's father , Carlos , was a member of an extremist group called the Legion of the Living Lightning . In a misguided attempt by the Legion to gain control of the Hulk , the group battled him . The Legion was thus destroyed , and Carlos was killed .
Hoping to salvage his father 's name , high school student Miguel broke into the Legion 's headquarters to learn more about their work . While exploring , Miguel unwittingly turned on one of the Legion 's machines and was transformed into a being of living energy . Initially , a confused Miguel clashed with the West Coast Avengers and was apparently killed during the conflict . Later , he turned up alive and was captured by the villain , Doctor Demonicus , and was coerced to join the Pacific Overlords . After a brief , unwilling foray into crime , Miguel aided the Avengers West Coast , and then joined the team . During his tenure with the Avengers West Coast , he teamed with heroes such as the Fantastic Four , Doctor Strange , Darkhawk , and Spider-Man . He battled villains such as Arkon and Thundra , the second Hangman , the Night Shift , Satannish , Death Web , Professor Power , and the Magus . Alongside the Avengers , he participated in the Kree/Shi'ar War . He eventually decided to become an Avengers reservist while attending college . While he occasionally serves with the team , Miguel gave up active membership to concentrate on his studies .
For a time , Miguel and his fellow Avenger Quasar manned a deep-space monitoring station . Their powers enabled them to travel back and forth to Earth without difficulty . Miguel took advantage of the isolation to study .
The Great Lakes Avengers ( GLA ) invited Miguel Santos in order to recruit him in their team . During the meeting , he turned them down , explaining that he 'd attended thinking the team 's acronym GLA referred to the Gay/Lesbian Alliance . With his explanation , he inadvertently revealed that he was gay to GLA member Flatman .
During the Civil War storyline , Miguel joined Captain America 's Secret Avengers as one of twenty new members who opposed the Superhuman Registration Act . He worked with the team out of a series of safe houses set up by Nick Fury . He was part of the final battle between the two main sides . After Captain America surrendered to the authorities , Living Lightning became an Initiative recruit , joining the Texas Rangers .
During the Secret Invasion storyline , Living Lightning was with the Rangers when they , 3-D Man , and Ant-Man III were fighting a Skrull that was posing as Lobo .
After the Dark Reign storyline , Living Lightning was doing private security work for the Avengers ; notably protecting the family of Avengers Academy student Striker .
Living Lightning was with the Rangers when they come into conflict with Kaine alias Scarlet Spider in Houston , then they joined forces with him to battle a monster made of pure energy . He has since left the Rangers and was inducted in the FBI , where he goes on several undercover missions .
During the Avengers : No Surrender story arc , Santos was the one responsible for making the Grandmaster back down and surrender the Avengers he had captured as part of the latest game through a daring bluff ; by provoking the Grandmaster into a game of poker , Santos subsequently raised the stakes of the game until he reached a point where the stakes were that the loser would have all memory of their accomplishments wiped from the memories of all who knew of them , prompting Grandmaster to fold as he could not bear to lose everything like that whereas Santos accepted that being an Avenger meant doing the right thing because it was the right thing to do rather than because you would be remembered for it .
Sexuality
During his tenure in the West Coast Avengers , Miguel dated women . Later , though , Miguel was approached by members of the Great Lakes Avengers , who hoped to recruit them for their team . When he heard the team 's acronym ( GLA ) , Miguel mistook them for the Gay/Lesbian Alliance and inadvertently revealed that he was gay to GLA member Flatman .
Writer Dan Slott commented in an interview about his decision to out Living Lightning : `` He 's gay . Get over it . Previous girlfriends ? Beards . Or relationships that just did n't work—because Miguel had n't come to terms yet with who he really is . Miguel is a gay superhero and a wonderful role model . ''
Powers and abilities
Living Lightning gained superhuman powers when he absorbed energy from an experimental lightning weapon . Living Lightning has the ability to transform his body into electrical plasma , in which form he can fly at sub-light speed , generate electrical power as shocks or bolts , and surround himself with a protective electrical force field . He has the ability to control his body while composed of electrical plasma , at which time his mind exists only in astral form .
In his true form , Living Lightning is just that , a sentient electrical force with no mass . In this form , he can fly , reaching sub-light speeds , withstanding the vacuum of space , and is impervious to most physical and energy attacks . He also possesses the ability to fire and manipulate bursts of electricity and electrical fields of varying intensities in his solid form , however , he must wear a special containment suit to retain a solid form .
Miguel has knowledge of basic street-fighting techniques . He is bilingual in Spanish and English .
References
External links
Miguel Santos ( Earth-616 ) at Marvel Wikia
Living Lightning at Gay League
Avengers ( comics ) characters
Characters created by Roy Thomas
Fictional characters from Los Angeles
Fictional gay males
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics LGBT superheroes
Marvel Comics mutates
The 2023 Women 's Euro Hockey League will be the third edition of the Women 's Euro Hockey League , Europe 's premier women 's club field hockey tournament , organized by the European Hockey Federation .
Amsterdam were the defending champions , having won their first title in the previous edition . They failed to qualify for this year 's edition .
Association team allocation
A total of 8 teams from 6 of the 45 EHF member associations would participate in the 2023 EHL Women . The association rankings based on the EHL country coefficients was used to determine the number of participating teams for each association :
Associations 1–2 each had two teams qualify .
Associations 3–6 each had one team qualify .
Association ranking
For the 2023 Euro Hockey League , the associations are allocated places according to their 2021–22 EHL country coefficients , which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2019–20 to 2021–22 .
Teams
Den Bosch ( 1st )
SCHC ( 2nd )
Complutense ( 1st )
Club de Campo ( 2nd )
Gantoise ( 1st )
Düsseldorfer HC ( 1st )
Surbiton ( 1st )
Pembroke Wanderers ( 1st )
See also
2022–23 Men 's Euro Hockey League
References
External links
Women 's Euro Hockey League
Euro Hockey League Women
Euro Hockey League
The Bagobo babbler or Bagobo robin ( Leonardina woodi ) is a monotypic species of bird with its taxonomy undergoing numerous changes and is currently classified as Muscicapidae or an old world flycatcher .
It is endemic to the Philippines only found in Mindanao .
Its habitat are in moist montane forests up to 2030 meters above sea level . It is named after the Bagobo tribe .
Description
EBird describes the bird as `` A seldom-seen medium-sized ground . Rufous-brown above from the crown to the tail , gray below with a white throat and rufous from the lower belly to the base of the tail . Note the sturdy black bill , long legs , and large feet . Somewhat similar to Long-tailed bush warbler ( which is endemic to Luzon ) but lacks the pale brow and does n't cock its tail . Voice consists of very high-pitched whistles and some harsh rasping notes . ''
Not much else is known about this bird owing to its very secretive nature .
Even the taxonomy of this bird is still unclear as it has been moved from different families - once placed in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae , later placed in Pellorneidae , but molecular studies show it belongs to the family Muscicapidae . It is possible that it belongs to a completely new family .
Habitat and Conservation Status
It is found primarily in moist mid-montane and montane forests ranging from 500 - 2,000 m. It is low-lying bird never reaching heights 5 meters above the forest floor .
IUCN has assessed this bird as a Least-concern species but there is a great lack of knowledge on any population statistics . The population was previously presumed to be threatened being declared Vulnerable up until 1996 . However , recent fieldwork and research by BirdLife International has revealed this species to be more abundant than previous . This bird has a fairly limited range but it is fairly common in its habitat . It is not as threatened as other Philippine endemics as its montane habitat is less prone to deforestation as compared to lowland forests . Despite this , deforestation still occurs in these areas It 's just not to the extent of lowland forest .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) Pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
del Hoyo , J. ; Elliott , A. ; Christie , D. 2007 . Handbook of the Birds of the World , vol . 12 : Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona , Spain .
Bagobo babbler
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Birds described in 1905
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Oh Soo-yeon ( born October 4 , 1968 ) is a South Korean television screenwriter . She is best known for writing the hit dramas Autumn in My Heart and Winter Sonata , her collaborations with director Yoon Seok-ho which are credited for helping launch the Korean Wave .
Filmography
Love Rain ( KBS2 , 2012 )
Star 's Lover ( SBS , 2008 )
Wedding ( KBS2 , 2005 )
MBC Best Theater `` 바다 아저씨께 '' ( MBC , 2003 )
Love Letter ( MBC , 2003 )
Winter Sonata ( KBS2 , 2002 )
Four Sisters ( MBC , 2001 )
Autumn in My Heart ( KBS2 , 2000 )
All About Eve ( MBC , 2000 )
Ad Madness ( KBS2 , 1999 )
LA Arirang ( SBS , 1995-1999 )
New York Story ( SBS , 1998 )
The Angel Within ( KBS2 , 1997 )
Papa ( KBS2 , 1996 )
이별하는 여섯 단계 ( KBS , 1995 )
Feelings ( KBS2 , 1994 )
오박사네 사람들 ( SBS , 1993-1994 )
Good morning , Yeongdong ! ( KBS , 1993-1994 )
특집극 시인을 위하여 ( KBS , 1993 )
References
External links
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
1968 births
South Korean television writers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Ewha Womans University alumni
The men 's team competition of the table tennis event at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games will be held from 3 to 5 December 2007 at the Klang Plaza in Nakhon Ratchasima , Thailand .
Schedule
All times are Thailand Time ( UTC+07:00 ) .
Results
Preliminary round
Pool 1
Pool 2
Knockout round
Semifinals
Gold medal match
References
External links
2007 Southeast Asian Games events
2007 in table tennis
2007
Juliàn Delgado Lopera ( born June 4 , 1988 ) is a queer Colombian writer and performer . They are the author of ¡Cuéntamelo ! an illustrated collection of queer immigrant histories in the United States during the 1980s . They use creative expressions , such as writing , queer literary performance , and bilingual poetry to advance LGBT activism projects across the Bay Area . Delgado Lopera serves as the Executive/Artistic director for the nonprofit organization Radar Productions since 2015 .
Early life and education
Juliàn Delgado Lopera was born in Bogotá , Colombia and immigrated with their family to the United States in 2003 when they were fifteen-years-old . They first moved to Miami , Florida , then relocated to the Bay Area to find their queer home .
Delgado Lopera attended the University of California Berkeley where they earned a Bachelor 's degree in Women and Gender Studies in 2011 . They continued their education at San Francisco State University and graduated with a Master 's of Fine Arts in Creative Writing in 2015 .
Notable works
Delgado Lopera has been published by Four Way Review , The Bold Italic , Weird Sister , Revista Canto , Transfer Magazine , Raspa Magazine , Black Girl Dangerous , and SF Weekly .
¡Cuéntamelo ! Oral Histories by LGBT Immigrants ( 2014 )
¡Cuéntamelo ! ( tell me about it ) was published in 2014 . The book is a collection of oral histories featuring Latino , queer , Immigrants over the age of forty-five . All of the histories are illustrated and are available in English and Spanish . One of the subjects in ¡Cuéntamelo ! , Adela Vazquez , a transgender immigrant woman of Cuban descent , influenced Delgado Lopera 's interest in these untapped stories during a class presentation . Delgado Lopera first published four stories in the magazine SF Weekly titled `` Cuentamelo : An Oral History of Queer Latin Immigrants in San Francisco '' on June 26 , 2013 . They then received two creative writing awards from Galería de la Raza and the Queer Cultural Center , which allowed them to continue finding more histories speaking on the issues of homophobia , transphobia , xenophobia , and the AIDS pandemic . ¡Cuéntamelo ! is credited with bringing histories of identity intersection like queer , immigration status , gender and age to light .
Quiéreme ( 2017 )
Quiéreme ( like me or love me ) was published in March 2017 . Quiéreme is a collection of essays documenting the experience of longing for love . Delgado Lopera plays with language in Quiéreme to create a mixed combination of English and Spanish into `` Spanglish '' as a form of bilingual literature .
Fiebre Tropical ( 2020 )
Delgado Lopera 's first novel debuted in March 2020 to positive critical reception . It was a finalist for the 2020 Kirkus Prize for Fiction and in 2021 , won the Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Fiction and the Ferro-Grumley Award for LGBTQ Fiction .
Activism
Radar Productions
Juliàn Delgado Lopera became the Executive/ Artistic director role of the Nonprofit organization Radar Productions in 2015 . Writer , Michelle Tea , founded Radar Productions back in 2003 , its mission is to commission and offer queer performers , from diverse backgrounds , spaces to tell their LGBTQA experience . Radar Productions is based in San Francisco and organizes queer literature performances around the Bay Area that are open freely to the public .
Juliàn Delgado Lopera initiated `` Queering the Castro '' soon after becoming Executive and Artistic Direction of Radar Productions . `` Queering the Castro '' was a yearlong project with a mission to revive the Castro 's queerness through a series of panel discussions , poetry readings , queer intimacy , drag queen storytelling , and bilingual performance . Under Delgado Lopera 's leadership , Radar Productions received $ 25,000 from San Francisco 's Grants for the Arts . Their mission for `` Queering the Castro '' sought to revive the queer culture and to make it more inclusive of communities of color through art exhibitions , poetry readings , and literary awards . They collaborated with Magnet , the gay men 's health center in the Castro , the San Francisco Public Library 's Eureka , Valley/ Harvey Milk Memorial Branch Library , and the GLBT History Museum run by the GLBT Historical Society .
Artistic contributions
As a Queer , Transgender , People of Color ( QTPOC ) activist , Delgado Lopera collaborated in `` Noche de Ambiente '' ( night of atmosphere ) a multimedia exhibition available to the public from October 2016 to February 2017 at the GLBT History Museum . `` Noche de Ambiente '' offered a glimpse into the life of LGBT Latino identities in San Francisco from the 1970s to the 1990s . Delgado Lopera volunteered at the GLBT History Museum , and during their time there , they were asked to participate in the `` ambiente '' exhibition . The term `` ambiente '' has been informally used as code for Latino queerness/resistance and as an introduction to the Latino LGBT social scene . Delgado Lopera collaborated in the exhibition to use art as a tool to educate the public about queer Latino History in the Bay Area , particularly in San Francisco . They recognize the importance of making room for multi-national and inter-generational queer Latino History and the need to extend the term Latinidad in the U.S .
Performance
Sister Spit
A performer of Sister Spit , a feminist , queer , comedic poetry roadshow , Delgado Lopera travels around the country . Sister Spit emerged during the 1990s as a weekly open-mic poetry slam retaliation against the wave of misogynistic poetry prominent around the San Francisco area at the time . Sister Spit now tours yearly after experiencing a revival as `` Sister Spit : the next generation '' in 2007 . They were invited to participate in 2016 and continues to tour alongside Joshua Jennifer Espinoza , Cathy de la Cruz , Celeste Chan , Virgie Tovar , Maya Songbird , and Denise Benavides .
Other locations
Delgado Lopera has performed in various venues throughout the Bay Area and across the US . including Action Fiction ! , Red Light Lit , Beast Crawl , Lit Quake , and has lectured at Wayward Writers .
Awards and honors
The San Francisco Foundation named Delgado Lopera the winner of the Joseph Henry Jackson Award in 2014 . They also received an award from the Regen Ginaa Artist Fund from Galería de la Raza in 2013 and the National Queer Arts Festival Grant from the Queer Cultural Center in 2014 .
See also
Spoken Word
Intersectionality
Latinidad
Faux queen
Prose poetry
References
1988 births
Living people
American performance artists
21st-century American poets
Queer theorists
21st-century American historians
American LGBT poets
LGBT writers from Colombia
LGBT rights activists from the United States
LGBT Hispanic and Latino American people
Writers from San Francisco
Artists from San Francisco
University of California , Berkeley alumni
San Francisco State University alumni
Lambda Literary Award winners
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Historians from California
The 2011 CIS Men 's Final 8 Basketball Tournament was held March 11–13 , 2011 . It was the first of two consecutive CIS Championships to be held at the Halifax Metro Centre . The tournament was previously held 24 consecutive years in Halifax before being moved to Ottawa for three years . The defending champions are the University of Saskatchewan Huskies , who return to the tournament , along with six other qualifiers and one wild card .
The Carleton Ravens won their 7th tournament in nine years with an 82–59 victory over the Trinity Western Spartans in the final . It was also Carleton 's 7th title over-all . This was the Spartans ' first appearance in the Final 8 .
The tournament was broadcast on TSN2 . For the second year in a row there was controversy over tape delay of the tournaments , with both semi-finals and the championship game being shown after they had been played .
Championship Bracket
Bronze Medal Bracket
Consolation Bracket
Note : All records are against CIS competition only .
Game Reports
UBC 96-77 Acadia
Trinity Western 82-74 Lakehead
Saskatchewan 91-79 Dalhousie
Carleton 73-66 Concordia
Lakehead 75-67 Acadia
Dalhouse 76-65 Concordia
Trinity Western 74-72 UBC
Carleton 95-83 Saskatchewan
Lakehead 84-80 Dalhousie
UBC 111-95 Saskatchewan
References
2011
2010–11 in Canadian basketball
José María Martínez Ochoa de Zabalegui ( born March 11 , 1968 in Huesca ) is a Spanish slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s . He finished 35th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Spanish male canoeists
Simunye is a sugar mill town on the lowveld in eastern Eswatini . Almost all of the residents of the town work for the Royal Eswatini Sugar Corporation 's sugar mill located nearby .
The town is located about south of the border crossing to South Africa ( the border crossing is known as Bordergate on the Eswatini side and Mananga on the South African side ) and about from the border crossing to Mozambique ( known as Lomahashaon the Eswatini side and Namaacha on the Mozambique side ) .
It lies slightly west of the Lubombo Mountains , about north-east of Siteki . The town is geographically only about north-west of Mhlumeni on the eastern border , but because of the mountain range it is probably faster by road detouring southwards through Siteki .
Sport
The town is home to the Royal Leopards F.C . RSSC United FC is a football club that was the result of the merger between Mhlume United and Simunye FC .
Schools
The town which is an RESC Estate town , has a number of schools and pre-schools . Thembelisha Preparatory School is the only private Primary school . There are two Government-aided primary schools , Ngomane primary school and Lusoti Primary school . Likewise , there are two High Schools , Ngomane High School and Lusoti HIgh School . The Lusoti schools are right within the village , whilst the Ngomane schools are away .
References
Populated places in Eswatini
Crunchyroll Manga is a digital manga anthology published by Crunchyroll in North America . It began distribution on October 30 , 2013 . The service launched with a lineup of twelve titles , with chapters released simultaneously with their Japanese release . Crunchyroll Manga provides English speaking readers with officially licensed editions of the latest installments of popular manga published by Futabasha , Kodansha , Kadokawa Shoten and Shōnen Gahōsha soon after their release in Japan .
History
On October 26 , 2013 , Crunchyroll confirmed that the Crunchyroll Manga service would be released October 30 , 2013 . The service will be available in 170 countries , with the exception of Japan , China , France , Germany and Italy .
On February 17 , 2018 , Crunchyroll announced that Kodansha titles excluding Fairy Tail would be removed from the manga section of the site on March 1 . The titles are still available for purchase as eBooks . On March 1 , 2018 , Crunchyroll announced that they would simultaneously publish new Kodansha manga titles as they release in Japan .
Features
Manga chapters are available to read online through the website or on web-enabled devices through Crunchyroll or an official app . Readers can sign up for an All-Access or Manga subscription for full access to several manga titles . Anime and Drama subscribers can read only the latest chapters with limited advertisements .
The format of the anthology generally mirrors that of the equivalent magazine issues , typically featuring the same cover illustrations , as well as color interior pages . If a physical copy or digital copy of a series is available for sale , it might not be available on Crunchyroll Manga .
Full series
Ongoing series
Series that are still currently running in Crunchyroll Manga .
Completed series
Series that have completed their serialization in Crunchyroll Manga .
References
External links
Online magazines published in the United States
Anime and manga magazines
Magazines established in 2013
2013 establishments in the United States
Magazines published in San Francisco
Shōnen manga
Courtney Caeser Hall ( August 26 , 1968 – April 29 , 2021 ) was an American professional football player who was a center and guard in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the San Diego Chargers and spent the 1998 preseason with the Denver Broncos although he never officially suited up for the Broncos and thus could n't be considered a part of their Super Bowl championship roster . He was a four-time Pro Bowl first alternate and captained the only Chargers football team to play in a Super Bowl . Hall 's death was announced on April 30 , 2021 .
Hall played football at Banning High School in Wilmington , California , and was the starting offensive tackle his junior and senior years . His teammates included Jamelle Holieway , Leroy Holt , and Mark Tucker . He retired from the NFL in 1997 .
In 1985 , aged 16 , Courtney , a National Merit Scholarship semifinalist , graduated from high school and enrolled at Rice University . He graduated in 1990 with a dual degree in Economics and Managerial Studies . In 2003 , he graduated with a joint J.D./M.B.A . degree from the University of Chicago Law School and the University of Chicago Booth School of Business . Hall also served on the Rice University Investment Committee , helping to manage the university 's $ 4.5 billion endowment .
Hall was a managing partner of Hillcrest Venture Partners , a venture capital firm . He also served as New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's appointee to the New York City Campaign Finance Board .
The Texas Sports Hall of Fame inducted Hall into the Southwest Conference Hall of Fame in 2019 .
References
External links
Profile at NFL.com
1968 births
2021 deaths
American football centers
American football offensive guards
Players of American football from Los Angeles
Rice Owls football players
San Diego Chargers players
University of Chicago Law School alumni
University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumni
African-American players of American football
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Open-air treatment is the therapeutic use of fresh air and sunshine . In a hospital or sanitorium , this may be done by ensuring good ventilation in an airy , sunny room or by housing patients outdoors in tents or other open forms of accommodation . During the 20th century , such treatment was used for people with infectious respiratory diseases such as influenza or tuberculosis .
In the 1960s , researchers into biological warfare found that microbes such as Escherichia coli were killed when exposed to outdoor air but that , when they were enclosed , they would remain viable for longer . They called this the open air factor but were unable to identify the exact mechanism or disinfecting agent .
Open-air schools were established in several countries to provide a healthy environment for sickly children , emphasising fresh air , good food and exercise . In England , the first one opened at Bostall Wood in 1907 and , by the 1930s , there were over a hundred across the country .
References
Determinants of health
Types of health care facilities
Manushyaputhran is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Baby and produced by Kadakkavoor Thankappan . The film stars Madhu , Jayabharathi , Vidhubala and Vincent in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Madhu as Karthikeyan
Jayabharathi as Madhavi
Vidhubala as Ammu
Vincent as Thommi
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Vaidyar
Prema
T. R. Omana
Adoor Bhavani as Madhavi
Bahadoor as Kochu Govindan
G. K. Pillai
Khadeeja as Kaalikutty
S. P. Pillai as Kunjandi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma and Gowreesapattam Sankaran Nair .
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Baby ( director )
Unst Airport also called Baltasound Airport is an unlicensed airfield near Baltasound , on the island of Unst , Shetland Islands , Scotland . The airfield has effectively been mothballed since 1996 and is now only used by the emergency services . Unst Airport is the most northerly airfield in the United Kingdom .
History
Unst Airport opened in August 1968 although its official opening happened in 1970 . The airport was built by the 15 Field Squadron ( Search ) RE of the Royal Engineers .
Mothballing
In 1996 the oil rig operators decided to concentrate their resources at Scatsta Airport on the Shetland Mainland . The last scheduled flights to the airport were withdrawn on March 29 , 1996 and the airport was mothballed . After the airport was mothballed the airport 's control tower and terminal building were subsequently demolished .
Current Use
Currently Unst Airport is only used by the emergency services for occasional Air Ambulance flights . There are no scheduled flights operating from Unst Airport .
Future
In 2013 it was reported that the American oil giant Chevron was looking into the possibility of re-opening the airport for use with the Rosebank oil and gas field .
References
External links
Forgotten Airfields Baltasound
Airports in Shetland
Unst
Airports established in 1968
State Power Investment Corporation Limited ( abbreviation SPIC ) is one of the five major electricity generation companies in China . It was the successor of China Power Investment Corporation after it was merged with the State Nuclear Power Technology Corporation ( SNPTC ) in 2015 .
SPIC is the parent company of listed companies China Power International Development ( known as China Power ) , Shanghai Electric Power , Yuanda Environmental Protection , etc .
History
In 2015 China Power Investment Corporation ( also known as CPI Group ) and State Nuclear Power Technology Corporation ( abb . SNPTC ) merged . Before the deal , they were both directly owned by and majority controlled by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council respectively . China Power Investment Corporation was the surviving legal person , but renaming to State Power Investment Corporation , while State Nuclear Power Technology Corporation became a subsidiary . SPIC also re-incorporated as a limited company from Industrial Enterprise Owned by the Whole People legal form in 2017 . One of the last leader of CPI Group , Li Xiaolin who also chaired in the boards of the listed subsidiary and associate company , such as China Power International Development ( also known as China Power ) and China Power New Energy Development , was re-appointed by the central government to another state-owned enterprise China Datang Corporation in 2015 . Li Xiaolin was one of the key person in the entire history of CPI Group , which was founded in 2003 , as well as its predecessor China Power International Holding ( also known as CPI Holding ) , which was founded in 1994 . Another leader of former CPI Group , , also left the company in 2015 . Former chairman of State Nuclear Power Technology Corporation , , became the first chairman of SPIC . Previously CPI Group did not have the position of chairman , which the job title of Lu Qizhou was general manager ; the former [ joint- ] deputy general manager of CPI Group , Meng Zhenping ( ) , was promoted to general manager . Overall , half of the corporate managers were from former SNPTC and half from CPI Group .
After the merger SPIC had the license to run nuclear power plant in China , as well as the ability to design and build one , making the group had conventional mean on power generation as well as using nuclear fission .
On 28 December 2017 SPIC also recapitalized one of the subsidiary and intermediate holding company China Power Development by issuing non-voting convertible preferred shares to Seth Holdings , making CNIC Corporation ( ) the parent company of Seth Holdings , a state-owned enterprise and investment company , could gain significant control on China Power International Development by excise the rights to convert the preferred shares to ordinary share of China Power Development .
Subsidiaries
Equity investments
China Power Clean Energy Development ( 28.07 % indirectly as the largest shareholder )
Companhia de Electricidade de Macau ( 6 % via CPI Holding )
References
External links
Nuclear power companies of China
Companies based in Beijing
Government-owned companies of China
Energy companies established in 2015
Chinese companies established in 2015
Government-owned energy companies
Social BI , or Social Business Intelligence , refers to the creation , publishing and sharing of custom business analytics reports and dashboards by end users of Cloud technologies .
Social or collaborative BI is the use of Enterprise 2.0 tools and practices with business intelligence outputs for the purpose of making collective decisions . First enabled by the rapid growth of social media networks in 2009 , Social BI allows for the collaborative development of post user-generated analytics among business analysts and data mining professionals . This has removed previous barriers to self-service BI while still employing traditional analytics applications .
Social BI can also be interpreted as providing business intelligence based on social networks data . For example , a company selling consumer electronics goods needs to know how people are responding to their latest advertisements or promotions . The reports and visualizations made using social media represent what people are talking about in real time . Pulling data from different social media and preparing understandable reports will help company to decide upon further steps . These dashboards , visualizations , report based on social media will be of help for companies to get efficient feedback and act accordingly .
History
On September 13 , 2011 , Dachis Group introduced the Social Business Index to provide some insights into how ‘ social ' companies are , and how they stack up against similar corporations in their respective industries and their competitors , and provide some ‘ social business ' benchmarks by company , subsidiary , geography , department and brand .
See also
Analytic applications
Artificial intelligence marketing
Business Intelligence 2.0
Business process discovery
Business process management
Business activity monitoring
Business service management
Customer dynamics
Data Presentation Architecture
Data visualization
Decision engineering
Enterprise planning systems
Integrated business planning
Location intelligence
Operational intelligence
Runtime intelligence
Sales intelligence
References
Cloud applications
Business intelligence
The Savinja and Šalek Valley ( ) is a region in northern Slovenia , close to the border with Austria .
Municipalities : Gornji Grad , Solčava , Rečica ob Savinji , Ljubno ob Savinji , Luče , Nazarje , Šmartno ob Paki , Mozirje , Šoštanj , and Velenje .
The main tourist destinations in the area :
Nature Parks : the Logar Valley , the Roban Cirque ( ) , the Matk Cirque ( ) , Golte
Golte ski and hiking area
Solčava Panoramic Road
City of Velenje
Topolšica Spa
Natural wonders and cultural sights
See also
Velenje
Savinja River
Šalek Valley
Logar Valley
Solčava
Valleys of Slovenia
The Kawasaki Z800 is a Z series four-cylinder standard motorcycle made by Kawasaki from 2013 through 2016 , replaced by the Z900 for 2017 .
History
Using the nomenclature of the Kawasaki 's Z series begun in 1972 , the Z800 is the follow-up of the Z750 which had been introduced in 2004 as successor of the ZR-7 .
References
External links
Z800 review at topspeed.com – with UK specs
Z800 road test at 1000ps.at ( German language ) – with picture gallery and videos
Z800
Standard motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 2013
Jane Lewis is a Scottish sports journalist and broadcaster , best known as a main sports presenter for Scotland Today , STV Central 's now-defunct regional news programme .
Career
Lewis joined Scotland Today in April 1999 after previous stints with BBC radio and Sky News .
As a result of mass redundancies both in the newsroom and technical support division , Lewis , along with presenters Shereen Nanjiani and Sarah Heaney all took voluntary redundancy . She signed off from the news programme on 24 April 2006 .
Lewis is now working as a freelance journalist specialising in sports reporting and broadcasting . She regularly works for Sky Sports , Setanta , Eurosport , Radio Clyde and BBC Scotland . In February 2011 , she returned to STV Central as a freelance sports reporter for STV News at Six .
References
External links
BBC Scotland newsreaders and journalists
Living people
Scottish television presenters
STV News newsreaders and journalists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British women television journalists
Women radio presenters
Salāhuddīn Rabbānī ( Persian/Pashto : ; born 10 May 1971 ) is an Afghan diplomat and politician who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan from February 2015 to October 2019 .
He was the Afghan ambassador to Turkey from 2011 to 2012 . In April 2012 , it was announced that he was to chair the Afghan High Peace Council in its negotiations with the Taliban .
Early life
Salahuddin Rabbani was born on 10 May 1971 in Kabul , Afghanistan . Salahuddin 's father was former Afghan High Peace Council chairman and Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani . His father was assassinated by a suicide bomber entering his home in 2011 .
He received an undergraduate degree in management and marketing from the King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals in Saudi Arabia in 1995 . In 2000 , he received a Master 's Degree in business management from Kingston University in the United Kingdom . From 2006 until 2008 , he attended Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs ( SIPA ) to earn an MA in international Affairs .
Career
Private business and diplomacy
In the 1990s he worked in the financial accounting department of Saudi Aramco , and in 1996 he moved to the United Arab Emirates to work in the private sector . After 2000 he joined Afghan Ministry of Foreign Affairs . In that role , he served as the political counselor in New York to the Permanent Mission of Afghanistan to the United Nation . HE worked on issues relating to the UN Security Council , and also was the representation of Afghanistan at the First Committee of the United Nations ' General Assembly on Disarmament and International Security .
Around 2008 , he moved from the United States to Afghanistan to serve as a political advisor to his father .
Ambassador to Turkey
In 2010 , Afghanistan appointed him their ambassador to Turkey , and he was Ambassador to Turkey from 2011 to 2012 . He was selected as leader of the Jamiat-e Islami political party after the assassination of his father on 20 September 2011 . He was ambassador from 1 January 2011 until 14 April 2012 .
Afghan High Peace Council
After he was appointed to the role in March 2012 , in April 2012 , it was announced that he was to chair the Afghan High Peace Council in its negotiations with the Taliban . He was chairman from 15 April 2012 until 1 February 2015 .
Foreign minister of Afghanistan
On 12 January 2015 , he was nominated by President Ashraf Ghani as Minister of Foreign Affairs , replacing Ahmad Moqbel Zarar . He was confirmed by the Afghan Parliament on 28 January and was sworn in on 1 February . On 21 March 2017 , he spoke at a meeting organised by the Atlantic Council think-tank in Washington , D.C .
Rabbani resigned on 23 October 2019 , accusing Ghani of sidelining him and creating parallel structures that impeded the functioning of legitimate government institutions . Ghani appointed Idrees Zaman as the acting foreign minister to replace Rabbani on 30 October .
See also
Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( Afghanistan )
References
External links
Official Twitter
Foreign ministers of Afghanistan
1971 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Afghanistan to Turkey
Afghan Tajik people
Children of national leaders
School of International and Public Affairs , Columbia University alumni
2010s in Afghanistan
21st-century Afghan politicians
The BBWAA Career Excellence Award , formerly the J. G. Taylor Spink Award , is the highest award given by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America ( BBWAA ) . It is given `` for meritorious contributions to baseball writing '' and voted on annually by the BBWAA . Winners are typically announced in December , with the award presented during induction festivities of the Baseball Hall of Fame in July . Winners are not considered to be members of the Hall ; they are not `` inducted '' or `` enshrined '' , but are permanently recognized in an exhibit at the Hall 's library .
The award was instituted in 1962 and named after J. G. Taylor Spink , publisher of The Sporting News from 1914 to 1962 , and the award 's first recipient . In February 2021 , the BBWAA voted to remove his name from the award `` due to Spink 's troubled history in supporting segregated baseball . ''
Eligibility
The honoree does not have to be a member of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America ( BBWAA ) , but every recipient from the award 's 1962 inception through 2013 had been a BBWAA member at some time . The first recipient who had never been a BBWAA member was recipient Roger Angell . Despite having written on baseball for more than a half-century , Angell never worked a specific baseball writing beat , thereby making him ineligible for BBWAA membership .
Veterans Committee role
For several years in the early 2000s , honorees became life members of the Veterans Committee , which elects players whose eligibility for BBWAA consideration has ended , and is also the sole body that elects non-players for induction into the Hall . Starting with elections for induction in , voting on the main Veterans Committee , which then selected only players whose careers began in 1943 or later , was restricted to Hall of Fame members . After further changes announced for the and elections , BBWAA Career Excellence Award winners are eligible to serve on all of the era-based voting bodies that succeeded the Veterans Committee ( and are still colloquially referred to as such ) .
Recipients
Through 2006 , the BBWAA designated honorees based on the announcement year ( typically in December ) . In the below table , winners through 2006 are listed with both their announcement year , and their induction ceremony year ( the ensuing summer ) . In 2007 , the BBWAA changed the year designation for the award to coincide with the induction ceremony . Thus , while the official BBWAA year designations jump from 2006 to 2008 , the award has been bestowed annually since inception , except for one year missed due to the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike .
From 1972 through 1981 , there were multiple honorees each year . This again occurred in 1988 and 1992 . Since that time , there has been a single winner each year .
Through 2010 , the award was presented during the actual induction ceremony ; since then , it has been presented at the Hall of Fame awards presentation , held the day before the induction ceremony . In recent years , the Hall of Fame has announced the finalists for the award and final vote totals . Previously , such detail was not made public , with only the winner announced .
Notes
This award should not be confused with the Topps Minor League Player of the Year Award , which was also known as the `` J. G. Taylor Spink Award '' .
See also
Honor Rolls of Baseball ( writers section )
Dick McCann Memorial Award , bestowed annually by the Professional Football Writers of America
U.S. major leagues : Awards by organizations other than MLB
List of sports journalism awards
References
External links
J. G. Taylor Spink Award on Baseball Hall of Fame
J. G. Spink Award on Baseball Almanac
Spink Award
Major League Baseball trophies and awards
American journalism awards
Sports writing awards
+J
Awards established in 1962
Darren James Cross , previously known as Darren E. Spielberg-Cross , is an Australian songwriter , musician , record producer and video maker . Cross is the founding mainstay lead vocalist and guitarist of alternative rock group Gerling ( 1992–2007 ) . He started the E.L.F . project in 2007 , which issued an album , Plankton Icke and Tina Turner David City Limits ( 2010 ) . His folk noir duo Jep and Dep were formed in 2012 with his domestic partner , Jessica Cassar on co-lead vocals , which have issued two albums . Under his own name he has release four studio albums , _Xantastic ( 2016 ) , Peacer ( 2018 ) , Keeping Up ? ( 2020 ) and Distorder ( 2021 ) . The artist 's instrumental folk guitar project , D.C Cross has released three albums , Ecstatic Racquet ( 2019 ) , Terabithian ( 2020 ) and Hot-wire the Lay-low ( Australian escapist pieces for guitar ) ( 2022 ) .
Cross has collaborated with other artists , the Apartments , Kylie Minogue , the Avalanches , Jagwar Ma and Kool Keith . The musician has worked in diverse genres from commercial house music , indie rock-style detuned guitar pop , abstract electronica with Gerling to Americana-style traditional folk music . Cross has a music and video production studio , Bernstein studios and performs live in Jep and Dep and as Darren Cross or D.C Cross .
Career
Gerling ( 1991–2007 )
Darren James Cross , as Darren E. Spielberg-Cross , on lead vocals , guitar and synthesiser founded the Australian alternative rock group , Gerling , in 1993 . He had attended secondary school in the western suburbs of Sydney , at the height of grunge . Other founders were Presser ( a.k.a Paul Towner ) on drums and Brad Herdson on guitar and vocals . Gerling 's early music was influenced by Pavement , Sonic Youth , Boredoms , Beck and Mercury Rev ; writing with two guitars and drums . The group provided experimental guitar pop , on their debut single , `` Sedatives for Dead Radars '' ( 1995 ) via Steve Pavlovic 's Fellaheen Records label .
They followed with an extended play , A Day of Research ( 1996 ) . Their repertoire moved towards dance music and sampling . Gerling released four studio albums , Children of Telepathic Experiences ( February 1998 ) , When Young Terrorists Chase the Sun ( September 2001 ) , Bad Blood ! ! ! ( 2003 ) and 4 ( March 2006 ) . The band toured Australia extensively , and also toured the United Kingdom gaining positive reviews in NME , Japan and New Zealand . In 1999 Cross , Tim Everist and Rhys Lee formed Schwipe , a T-shirt label .
Guest vocalists on When Young Terrorists Chase the Sun were Kylie Minogue on `` G-House Prokect '' , Kool Keith on `` Brother Keith on Destructor Mountain ( 4001 ) '' , Solex on `` Windmills and Birdbaths '' and Inga Liljeström on `` Dust Me Selecta '' . Bad Blood ! ! was more in the dance and electronica genres due to use of sampled programmed drums , vocoders and computer plugins and distortion . Gerling went into hiatus by 2008 . According to Cross , he wrote lyrics for 26 out-of 57 Gerling songs . Cross and Presser , created the group 's album artworks and collages , as the Deli Bros/Deli Brothers .
The E.L.F . ( 2007–2012 )
After Gerling announced an indefinite hiatus in 2007 , Cross began working as the E.L.F. , providing dance and electronica material . The E.L.F . 's debut extended play , Stevie Nicks Hearts ( 2008 ) , was recorded at his home studio in Sydney . It was issued on his own label , Oak Records . He released a second EP , Sunray in the Rave Cave ( 2008 ) and an album Plankton Icke and Tina Turner David City Limits ( late 2010 ) . The album received 9.2 out-of 10 from Jonny of Polaroids of Androids . Cross performed , produced and wrote all material himself ; he also toured and DJed throughout Australia . His track `` Cockroaches '' was played on Triple J and its music video had nearly 250000 hits .
In March 2010 Cross on lead guitar and vocals formed the pop rock trio , Betty Airs in Sydney with Christian Campano on lead voals , maracas and tambourine , and Michael Zagoridis on drums . They issued a single , `` Reverse Now '' , via Cross ' label Oak Records . Cross also produced the work at his E.L.F . Porta-Studios in July of that year . Triple J 's reviewer , Richard Kingsmill rated `` Reverse Now '' at four-out-of-five and exalted , `` Nice one Darren - still fighting the good fight . I like the mix of influences coming through in this . '' Drew Larringfort of Rave Review caught their performance at Adelaide 's Ed Castle , `` [ their ] chemistry was incredible , feeding off each other with comical stage banter , joking with the 'hipsters ' in the crowd and having a good old fashioned fun time . '' By 2011 they had expanded to a four-piece with Patrick Matthews on bass guitar . This line-up issued an EP , Creepin ' It Real , by April of that year .
Jep and Dep ( 2012–present )
In 2012 Cross started a folk-noir duo with his domestic partner , Jessica Cassar on co-lead vocals , Jep and Dep . They are often compared to Lee Hazlewood / Nancy Sinatra and Nick Cave and Kylie Minogue on Murder Ballads , with The Sydney Morning Heralds Jeff Apter stating , `` ballads with the right balance of creeping menace and painful regret . '' In late 2014 the duo independently released their debut album , Word Got Out , which received 4 out-of 5 stars in reviews at Rolling Stone Australia , and The Sydney Morning Herald . The duo adopt a film noir-aesthetic for their music videos , photographs and artwork and perform live with Cross on acoustic guitar and both on vocals . They supported Johnny Marr ( the Smiths ) , Jessica Pratt , Mirel Wagner , Courtney Barnett , Kristin Hersh from Throwing Muses , Gruff Rhys from Super Furry Animals and Blackeyed Susans . Cross produced Word Got Out at his Bernstein Studios .
Solo work ( 2012–present )
Cross , under his own name , released two independent folk , Americana EPs , Freak Out Inn III ( April 2013 ) and No Damage ( 2014 ) . He wrote , performed , produced the recordings ; he also made the related artwork and most of the music videos himself . Cross co-wrote `` That Loneliness '' on Jagwar Ma 's debut album Howlin ( 2013 ) with the band 's Jonathan Ma and Gabriel Navidzadeh ( a.k.a . Gabriel Winterfield ) . He issued a single , `` And the New York Rain Came Down '' in December 2014 .
Cross described his debut album , _Xantastic ( 9 September 2016 ) ( pronounced : ZAN-tas-tic ) as `` probably the closest thing I have done that would be a come close to a Gerling album… `` Cross wrote , recorded , produced all of the music at his Bernstein Studios , Sydney . It was released via his own independent record label , No Drums Records for the Australian market . The label Rockers Die Younger issued it on vinyl in France in January 2017 .
Apter determined it is `` an intriguing album ... [ with a ] dark and stark mood . '' Rhythmns magazine 's Chris Familton said `` melancholy , plaintiff and downbeat in the vein of Nick Drake , Beck , Neil Young and Bill Callahan – yet he has found clever and unobtrusive ways to incorporate samples , synths , drum machines and effects that add a dystopian , sci-fi quality to the music '' . Rolling Stone Australia 's Jonny Nail reviewed its track , `` Highway Lights in the Night '' and felt it is a `` nostalgic synth-folk tilt , with his lonesome vocals , unmistakably his own . ''
Cross released his second solo album , Peacer , via No Drum in August 2018 . Described as the bastian of a modern polymathic D.I.Y artist : writing , recording , performing and producing the album himself at his Bernstein Studios . Special guests on the album include R. Stevie Moore and Cassar from Jep and Dep . 4ZZZ radio 's Jade Rodrigo described it as , `` a crazy mix of dream pop , retro pop , indie-folk and avant pop , but somehow it cohesively comes together to deliver a cracker of an album . '' The album jumps between anarchic gospel-krautrock-indie guitar pop tunes to neo-folk fingerpicking spaced out meltdowns .
Keeping Up ? ( 2020 ) is the first purely electronic album for Cross since 2008 . He used an obsolete drum machine , computer and operating system . Tyler Jenke from Rolling Stone Australia gave the album 4.5 stars out of 5 and explained , `` blissful ocean of nostalgia , with hazy instrumentation , vocoded vocals , and echoed drumbeats and electronic blips immersing the listener in a devastatingly unique , yet warmly familiar world of musical euphoria . '' Doubtful Sounds Chris Familton observed , `` There 's an overwhelmingly immersive quality to the music . Drug-like , womb-like - that intrinsic memory of holding your breath underwater as a child and feeling at peace in the aquatic cocoon . ''
With comparisons to Gerling , Cross released his fourth studio album , Distorder , on 19 July 2021 on bandcamp exclusively . Jenke stated `` [ it 's ] one which feels like a true breath of fresh air – an escapist 's paradise made , fittingly , within Cross ' own studio utopia . '' Backseat Mafias Arun Kendall gave the album 8.7/10 , `` [ it ] is a brilliant expression of our times : discordant , unsettling and at times bleak , but delivered with a swagger and a panache . Cross puts on display his musicianship and creativity , creating something dark and elusive yet touched with a certain element of wry amusement . A panoply of sonic expression , a bitter confection of dissonance but a thoroughly enjoyable and cathartic whole . ''
D.C Cross : ( 2019–present )
In 2019 Cross began a project as D.C Cross , an Australian fingerstyle guitarist and composer , playing steel-string acoustic guitar as a solo instrument . He is influenced by American primitive guitarists and British folk revivalists of Bert Jansch , John Fahey , Leo Kottke as well as newer artists , Ryley Walker and Steve Gunn . His first instrumental folk acoustic guitar album as D.C Cross is a Ecstatic Racquet . Rhythms magazine said `` Finding beauty in small details , despair in others . It 's a special thing to be able to create these wordless stories with such lyrical qualities , and in the context of contemporary Australian music this stands as a rare and quite unique album '' .
During the COVID-19 pandemic , D.C Cross issued his second album , Terabithian ( 20 April 2020 ) . `` Equally parts ambient and instrumental folk guitar influenced by American primitive guitarists , British folk revivalists and 90 's new-age ambient music . '' Tone Deaf 's Tyler Jenke observed , `` To put it simply though , if you 're a fan of instrumental music , Terabithian is ... a record you must experience ... with [ i ] serving as one of the most mesmerising instrumental releases you 'll hear for some time . D.C Cross ' Terabithian is a high watermark of instrumental music . ''
`` Stolen Police Vehicle Down the Great Western Highway '' was released on 28 April 2021 , by D.C Cross . It is an antipodean instrumental guitar track , which was premiered on Radio National 's Breakfast . It was the first live music performance on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) network in over a year , since the first wave of COVID-19 appeared in Australia .
February 5 , 2022 , Cross released his third D.C Cross album Hot-wire the Lay-low ( Australian escapist pieces for guitar ) . Once again an instrumental Australian Primitive Guitar album , Folk Radio Uk said `` an ace display of solo instrumental guitar music from a player with plenty to say and all the skills to say it ... ''
The album was written mostly in the Central Tablelands in N.S.W , Backseat Mafia wrote `` Cross has released a quiet and evocative album of instrumentals , putting on show his refined and delicate abilities on guitar and ability to capture exquisite senses and feelings of the Australian countryside . '' The record was mastered by Patrick Klem . On writing the album , Cross stated `` Hearing Sonic Youth open tunings ( Daydream Nation , Goo , Dirty ) when I was a kid also was a gateway to John Fahey and Nick Drake solo guitar ... it all made sense ' .
Discography
Studio albums
Darren Cross
_Xantastic ( 6 July 2016 ) – No Drums Records , Rockers Die Younger
Peacer ( 19 July 2018 ) – No Drums Records
Keeping Up ? ( 6 November 2020 ) – No Drums Records
Distorder ( 19 July 2021 ) – No Drums Records
D.C Cross
Ecstatic Racquet ( 29 August 2019 ) – No Drums Records
Terabithian ( 20 April 2020 )
Hot-wire the Lay-low ( Australian Escapist Pieces for Guitar ) ( 5 February 2022 ) – No Drums Records
Extended plays
Betty Airs
Creepin ' It Real ( early 2011 )
Darren Cross
Freak Out Inn III ( 13 April 2013 )
No Damage ( 1 August 2014 )
References
External links
Darrencross.bandcamp.com
Australian singer-songwriters
Living people
21st-century Australian singers
Gerling members
Year of birth missing ( living people )
In human anatomy , the deltoid tuberosity is a rough , triangular area on the anterolateral ( front-side ) surface of the middle of the humerus . It is a site of attachment of deltoid muscle .
Structure
Variation
The deltoid tuberosity has been reported as very prominent in less than 10 % of people .
Development
The deltoid tuberosity develops through endochondral ossification in a two-phase process . The initiating signal is tendon-dependent , whilst the growth phase is muscle-dependent .
Clinical significance
The deltoid tuberosity is at risk of avulsion fracture . These fractures may be managed conservatively with rest .
Other animals
In mammals , the humerus displays a wide morphological variation . The size and orientation of its functionally important features , including the deltoid tubercle , greater tubercle , and medial epicondyle , are pivotal to an animal 's style of locomotion and habitat . In cursorial ( running ) animals such as the pronghorn , the deltoid tubercle is located about a quarter of the way down the shaft , which allows for rapid but relatively weak limb flexion and extension . In natatorial ( swimming ) animals such as the North American river otter , the tubercle is located nearly halfway down the shaft , which allows for powerful limb flexion and extension . The tuberosity can be very pronounced in fossorial ( digging ) animals , such as the mountain beaver . It is very superficial in horses .
References
Bones of the upper limb
Humerus
Svetlana Vadimovna Korytova ( ; born 24 March 1968 ) is a Russian volleyball player , who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
Profile at sports-reference.com
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic volleyball players of the Unified Team
Olympic silver medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Russian women 's volleyball players
Soviet women 's volleyball players
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Dave Smart ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian former basketball coach . He served as the head men 's basketball coach at Carleton University in Ottawa , Ontario from 1999 to 2019 , where he led the Ravens to thirteen of the team 's fifteen overall U Sports national championships in men 's basketball . Smart is currently the Director of Basketball Operations at Carleton , and serves as a consultant to the coaching staff at the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League . Smart has also served as an assistant coach with the Canadian men 's national team on multiple occasions , working with former NBA player Leo Rautins , and Jay Triano .
University playing career
Smart grew up in Kingston and Ottawa , and attended Queen 's University . He graduated from Queen 's with a degree in Sociology , and played three seasons of varsity basketball for the Queen 's Golden Gaels , from 1991-92 to 1993-94 . He set the all-time school record for highest points per game career average ( 26.6 ) . Smart also set the highest single-game Queen 's scoring mark ( 43 points ) . His career average is one of the highest ever recorded in Canadian university basketball . In the 1992-93 season , Smart became the only Queen 's player ever to lead Canada in scoring average , with an average of 29.4 points per game . He was selected a first team Ontario University Athletics All-Star in all three of his Queen 's seasons .
Smart coached extensively at the high school and club levels , before attending university , and again as a university student , including Nepean High School where he coached the team to a city championship and a berth at OFSAA .
Coaching career
Rejected for the vacant Queen 's men 's basketball head coaching job following the 1994 season , Smart was hired as an assistant coach for men 's basketball by Carleton in 1997 , under head coach Paul Armstrong , and served for two years in that role . Smart became the head coach at Carleton in 1999 , when Armstrong was promoted into management .
Thirteen Canadian University Basketball Championships as Carleton Ravens head coach
Smart led the Carleton Ravens to five consecutive Canadian Interuniversity Sport national championships in men 's basketball , from 2003 to 2007 inclusive . These were the first CIS championships won by Carleton in any sport .
The Ravens ' five-year championship streak was broken in 2008 when they were upset 82-80 in double overtime in the CIS semifinals by the Acadia University Axemen ; the Ravens , seeded first , had been 32-0 in that season against Canadian teams .
Carleton also won the 2009 CIS basketball championship , the school 's sixth , hosted at Scotiabank Place in Ottawa , making the Ravens 19-1 in CIS Final Eight play since 2003 .
Carleton lost in the 2010 CIS semifinals to eventual champions Saskatchewan Huskies ; this tournament was also hosted at Scotiabank Place .
The CIS Men 's Basketball Championships returned to Halifax , Nova Scotia in 2011 , after three years at Scotiabank Place in Ottawa , and Smart and the Carleton Ravens captured their seventh CIS National Championship in nine years with a victory over Trinity Western University of British Columbia .
Smart and the Carleton Ravens captured their eighth CIS National Championship , defeating the University of Alberta Golden Bears in the 2012 edition of the championship tournament .
The CIS National Men 's Basketball Championships returned to ScotiaBank Place in Ottawa in 2013 , and Smart 's Carleton Ravens won their ninth title , defeating Lakehead University , 92-42 . The Ravens set Canadian university basketball records for largest winning margin ( 50 points ) and fewest points allowed ( 42 points ) in a championship final , and broke the tie with the University of Victoria for the most total championships won in Canadian men 's university basketball .
In 2014 , Carleton defeated cross-town rivals University of Ottawa Gee-Gees 79-67 to win their tenth CIS National Men 's Basketball Championship under Smart 's tenure .
Carleton defeated the University of Ottawa in a rematch the following year , for the 2015 CIS Final 8 National Men 's Basketball Championship , by a score of 93-46 , claiming Carleton 's eleventh championship in men 's basketball .
On July 31 , 2015 , Dave Smart took a sabbatical from head coaching duties at Carleton University , and his nephew , Rob Smart , was named interim head coach . Led by coach Rob Smart , and after losing four starters from the previous year 's championship , Carleton defeated the Calgary Dinos in the 2016 CIS final by a score of 101-79 . This is the Carleton Ravens ' 12th CIS championship win overall , and 6th consecutive championship win .
Dave Smart returned from his sabbatical , and resumed his position as head coach of the Carleton Ravens for the 2016-2017 season . Led by Coach Smart , the Ravens captured their seventh consecutive national championship in men 's basketball , thirteenth overall , and twelfth for Dave Smart , defeating the Ryerson Rams 78-69 . The seventh consecutive championship by the Ravens matches the record at the Canadian university sports level , set by the University of Victoria .
On March 10 , 2019 , Coach Smart and the Carleton Ravens won the school 's fourteenth men 's basketball National Championship ( and fifteenth basketball National Championship overall ) , defeating the Calgary Dinos 83-49 .
Director of Basketball Operations , Carleton University
On March 19 , 2019 , Dave Smart stepped down as head coach of the Carleton University Ravens Men 's Basketball team , accepting a new position with the university : Director of Basketball Operations . Ravens Women 's Basketball head coach Taffe Charles was named Smart 's replacement . With Charles as head coach and Smart as Director of Basketball Operations , Carleton won its fifteenth national championship in men 's basketball , defeating the Dalhousie University Tigers 74-65 , on March 8 , 2020 . Charles became the first black head coach to win a Canadian national championship in men 's basketball , and the first head coach to win Canadian national championships in both women 's and men 's basketball .
Smart served as a guest speaker for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League at several of their summer rookie camps , before being hired as a coaching consultant for the team , prior to the 2019–20 NHL season . Smart 's focus will be on defensive mindsets , and player attitude and personality .
Dave Smart was named the inaugural General Manager of the expansion Ottawa Blackjacks of the CEBL on December 18 , 2019 . Smart retained his position of Director of Basketball Operations at Carleton University , concurrent with his duties as General Manager of the Ottawa Blackjacks . Smart stepped down as General Manager of the Ottawa Blackjacks on August 18 , 2020 .
Consultant , Ottawa Senators
Smart was hired by the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League to serve as a consultant to the coaching staff during the 2019-20 season . He continues in this role to this day .
Other coaching awards and achievements
In the 2003 , 2005 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2017 and 2018 seasons , Smart was awarded the Stewart W. Aberdeen Memorial Trophy , as the top men 's basketball coach in Canadian university sports . Smart won OUA coach-of-the-year awards thirteen times , for the 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2005 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 seasons .
Smart won 92 per cent of his games against Canadian opposition between 1999 and 2019 . He led the Ravens to a Canadian men 's record of 87 consecutive wins in league and playoff games , from 2002-2005 .
On 8 April 2012 , Smart was named the Under 20 Great Britain Men 's Basketball Head Coach .
Smart has also been an assistant coach with the Canadian national men 's basketball team , under former NBA player Leo Rautins , and under NBA coach Jay Triano .
Smart was inducted into the Order of Ottawa by Mayor Jim Watson on November 17 , 2016 .
He was inducted into the Ottawa Sport Hall of Fame in 2021 .
References
1966 births
Living people
Canadian men 's basketball coaches
Canadian men 's basketball players
Queen 's University at Kingston alumni
Sportspeople from Kingston , Ontario
Basketball players from Ottawa
U Sports coaches
The action of 22 August 1866 occurred during the Chincha Islands War near Funchal , on the island of Madeira , and was the final action of the war battle between Spanish and Chilean forces .
The Chilean steamer was captured by the Spanish frigate Gerona , on 22 August 1866 off the island of Madeira . Tornado had arrived in Madeira under the command of Juan MacPherson , an English commander in service of the Chilean Navy . The Chilean ship had sailed to Madeira on 21 August to make provisions of charcoal and food supplements and to recruit sailors for its crew . Although the intent was to remain until 23 August , at 14:00 hours on 22 August the watch aboard ship alerted the captain to the presence of an armed vessel , the Spanish frigate Gerona . Captain McPherson decided to leave all his supplies on the dock and got the ship underway 90 minutes after the first sighting of Gerona . In its haste , Tornado had not been inspected by or granted permission to leave port from the Portuguese authorities in Madeira . Two blank charges were fired to signal that Tornado should stop , but Tornado continued out of port .
Gerona had been sent from Cádiz under the command of captain Benito Ruiz de la Escalera specifically to capture Tornado and its sister ship , Cyclone . The firing of the charges alerted Gerona of the presence of Tornado and Gerona gave chase . At 22:30 Gerona fired a blank shot . Tornado continued to ignore the intent . Gerona followed up with three live shots ; Tornado stopped its engines and struck its colors .
The crew of Tornado were transferred to Gerona . Tornado was manned by a prize crew commanded by naval lieutenant Manuel de Bustillo y Pery . Tornado sailed for Cádiz , where it arrived on 26 August , while Gerona returned to Madeira in a fruitless search for Tornados sister ship Cyclone .
Aftermath
The captured Tornado was subsequently taken into the Spanish service under the same name .
Notes
Conflicts in 1866
1866 in Chile
Naval battles involving Spain
Naval battles involving Chile
Battles of the Chincha Islands War
August 1866 events
The women 's 67 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 29 of June at the Salou Pavilion .
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time ( UTC+2 ) .
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time ( Golden Point )
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018 in women 's taekwondo
Dorcadion pelidnum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Vasily Evgrafovich Yakovlev in 1906 .
See also
Dorcadion
References
pelidnum
Beetles described in 1906
Taxa named by Vasily Evgrafovich Yakovlev
Glischrochilus quadripunctatus , commonly known as the European Bark Beetle Predator is a species of beetle in the genus Glischrochilus of the family Nitidulidae .
Description
The species is approximately 4–6 mm in length and is a uniform dark colouration on its head , thorax and abdomen . It has four prominent orange blotches on the elytra . The body of G. quadripunctatus is smooth and shiny and the rear edge of the thorax is narrower than the elytra .
It is very similar in appearance to Glischrochilus hortensis .
Distribution
It is one of the three species of Glischrochilus found in the United Kingdom and has a wide distribution in England , Wales , and Scotland .
Habitat
It is active all-year round , but most often found in the months March to November around conifers .
References
External links
Photographic comparison of Glischrochilus quadripunctatus with other Glischrochilus species .
Bibliography for quadripunctatus at Biodiversity Heritage Library
Beetles described in 1758
Beetles of Europe
Nitidulidae
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Etlingera coccinea is a monocotyledonous plant species that was first described by Carl Ludwig von Blume , and given its current name by S. Sakai and Hidetoshi Nagamasu . Etlingera coccinea is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
coccinea
Christians reached the shores of the Persian Gulf by the beginning of the fourth century . According to the Chronicle of Seert , Bishop David of Perat d'Maishan was present at the Council of Seleucia-Ctesiphon , around 325 , and sailed as far as India . Gregory Bar Hebraeus , Chron . Eccles , 2.10 ( v. 3 , col. 28 ) indicates that David had earlier ordained one of the other bishops present at the Council . The monk Jonah is said to have established a monastery in the Persian Gulf `` on the shores of the black island '' in the middle of the fourth century . A Nestorian bishopric was established at Rev Ardashir , nearly opposite the island of Kharg , in Southern Persia , before the Council of Dadisho in AD 424 .
Eastern Arabia was divided into two main ecclesiastical regions : Beth Qatraye ( northeastern Arabia ) and Beth Mazunaye ( southeastern Arabia ) . Christianity in Eastern Arabia was blunted by the arrival of Islam by 628 . Despite this , the practice of Christianity persisted in the region until the late 9th century .
From the fifth century onward the Persian Gulf fell under the jurisdiction of the Church of the East . Christian sites have been discovered dating from that time until after the advent of Islam in the region at Failaka , Kharg , Jubail and the nearby settlements of Thaj , al-Hinnah and Jabal Berri , and Sir Bani Yas .
History
After the region fell under the reign of the Sasanian Empire in the early third century , many of the inhabitants in Eastern Arabia were introduced to Christianity following the eastward dispersal of the religion by Mesopotamian Christians . However , it was not until the fourth century that Christianity gained popularity in the region . This was , in large part , due to the arrival of Christians who faced persecution in Iraq and Iran under the reign of Shapur II starting in 339 . Another factor in the growing influence of Christianity was the migration of Christian traders to the region who were looking to capitalize on the well-established pearl trade .
A sizable Christian presence in Eastern Arabia soon emerged thereafter . The monk Jonah alludes to the presence of a monastery on the Black Islands , in the southern portion of Beth Qatraye , built between 343 and 346 by a monk named Mar Zadoe . Furthermore , the Chronicle of Seert mentions a monk named 'Abdisho who Christianized the locals of Ramath , an island located between Kuwait and Qatar , and built a monastery there sometime between 363 and 371 . Nestorian records attest to a consistent Christian presence in the region between the fifth and seventh centuries , as evidenced by the regular attendance of synods by local bishops .
The Christian population consisted mainly of Syriac and Persian speakers , while the remainder consisted primarily of Arabic-speakers deriving from the Abd al-Qays tribe . Communities often competed over the construction of churches and parishes . In addition to facilitating the celebration of festive occasions , monasteries were also famous for their vineyards and were often visited for wine tasting . Churches also typically provided basic services such as schooling and healthcare .
According to Islamic tradition , in 628 , Muhammad sent a Muslim envoy named Al-Ala ' a Al-Hadrami to Munzir ibn Sawa , a ruler in Eastern Arabia , requesting that he and his people accept Islam . Most of the Pagan practitioners converted to Islam shortly thereafter . However , the monotheistic population , who consisted of Jews and Zoroastrians in addition to Christians , did not instantaneously convert . Instead , many chose to pay the jizya , a tax for non-Muslims .
Christianity abated in the region sometime around the ninth century .
Historical regions
Beth Qatraye
The Christian name used for the region encompassing north-eastern Arabia was Beth Qatraye , or sometimes also called `` the Isles '' . The name translates to `` region of the Qataris '' in Syriac . It included the present-day areas of Bahrain , Tarout Island , Al-Khatt , Al-Hasa , and Qatar . Some parts of the United Arab Emirates may also have been included . The region contained monasteries from the fourth to ninth century . From the sixth to seventh century , bishops were known to be stationed in the districts of Mashmahig ( Samaheej ) , Dayrin ( Tarout Island ) , Mazun , Hagar , and Ḥaṭṭa . The bishops of Beth Qatraye stopped attending synods in 676 ; although Christianity persisted in the region until the late 9th century .
By the 5th century , Beth Qatraye was a major centre for Church of the East Nestorian Christianity , which had come to dominate the southern shores of the Persian Gulf . As a sect , the Nestorians were often persecuted as heretics by the Byzantine Empire , but eastern Arabia was outside the Empire 's control offering some safety .
The dioceses of Beth Qatraye did not form an ecclesiastical province , except for a short period during the mid-to-late seventh century . They were instead subject to the Metropolitan of Fars . In the late seventh century , Beth Qatraye rebelled against the authority of Fars . In an effort to reconcile the bishops of Qatraye , Giwargis I held a synod at Dayrin ( Tarout Island ) in 676 .
In the seventh and eighth centuries , an important literary culture emerged in Beth Qatraye . Several notable Nestorian writers originating from Beth Qatraye are ascribed to this period , including Isaac of Nineveh , Dadisho Qatraya , Gabriel of Qatar , Gabriel Arya and Ahob of Qatar . A number of archaeological sites are also dated to this time-frame .
There is some ambiguity pertaining to the language used in Beth Qatraye . Written text contained both Persian and Semitic words . While some of the Semitic words are Arabic , the general morphology and phonetics bear more resemblance to Aramaic . German orientalist Anton Schall categorized the language as 'Southeastern Aramaic ' . Because of this unique fusion of linguistic elements , the monks of Beth Qatraye were active in translating texts between Persian , Syriac and Arabic . It is said that a Christian from Beth Qatraye even served as the official Persian translator for King al-Nu'man III ibn al-Mundhir who was a native Arabic speaker .
Beth Mazunaye
Oman and the United Arab Emirates composed the diocese known as Beth Mazunaye . The name was derived from 'Mazun ' , the Persian name for Oman and the United Arab Emirates . Sohar was the central city of the diocese .
Archaeology
Akkaz
In 1993 a joint Kuwaiti-French expedition found a church in Akkaz ( in present Kuwait ) dating to the early Abbasid era . The church was in the eastern church style and is symmetrical to that of Failaka .
Failaka
Remnants of a church , dating to perhaps as early as the 5th or 6th century as determined by the crosses that form part of the stucco decoration , were found at Al-Qusur on the Kuwaiti island of Failaka . Pottery at the site can be dated from as early as the first half of the 7th century through the 9th century .
Kharg
A number of tombs have been found decorated with distinctive Nestorian crosses on Kharg Island . A monastery with a church and nearby homes for married priests have also been excavated . The floral designs in the plaster decoration of the church suggested to the excavator a date in the fifth or sixth centuries AD . Later studies would seem to date the decorations to the end of the sixth century AD .
Jubail and nearby areas
A church consisting of a walled courtyard and three rooms on the east side was found in 1986 in Jubail . Cross designs were seen to have been impressed into the plaster flanking the doors of the structure . The reporter of the site did not indicate a clear date for it , but suggested that it must have been in existence for two centuries before the advent of Islam . Christian gravestones were also found at the site . At Thaj , 90 km to the west , what appears to be a smaller church or chapel , built of reused stones and perhaps dating to the fifth or sixth century , has been discovered . 10 km NE of Thaj , at al-Hinnah , there is evidence of a Christian cemetery of ancient but unknown date . A church was identified in the island of Abu 'Ali near Jubail .
Jabal Berri
Not far to the South of Jubail , at Jabal Berri , three bronze crosses have been found dating possibly to the period when Sassanian Persia had influence over the region . Ruins of a nearby settlement suggests that a Christian community may have resided in the area .
Muharraq
Old foundations of a Nestorian monastery were discovered in Samaheej , a village in Muharraq , Bahrain . Another village in Muharraq , known as Al Dair , may have facilitated a monastery , as its name translates 'cloister ' or 'monastery ' in Aramaic .
Qasr Al Malehat
A site on the south-east coast of Qatar , near Al Wakrah , revealed the remnants of a structure purported to be a church . It was built directly on limestone bedrock and a hearth was found inside the ruins . Radiocarbon dating indicates the site was occupied in the early 7th century , and potsherds recovered from the surrounding area evidences continued occupation until the mid to late 8th century . The ceramics are consistent with those found in other Nestorian sites in the Eastern Arabia and the structure bears resemblance to the excavated church in Jubail .
Umm Al Maradim
An excavation carried out in 2013 uncovered a Nestorian cross in Umm Al Maradim , a site in central Qatar . The cross is made of hard stone and measures between 3 and 4 cm . A number of hearths and potsherds were found at the site , though no structures were discovered .
Sir Bani Yas
At Sir Bani Yas , an island off the Western coast of the United Arab Emirates , an extensive monastic and ecclesiastical complex has been found similar to that at Kharg . It is considered one of the most extensive monasteries in Eastern Arabia . Excavations took place between 1993 and 1996 . The Sir Bani Yas church building itself was about 14 m × 4.5 m. As with other sites in the region , plaster crosses were excavated . The excavator suggests a date in the sixth or seventh century for the construction of the church .
See also
Christianity in Kuwait
Christianity in Bahrain
Christianity in Qatar
Christianity in the United Arab Emirates
References
External links
Sir Bani Yas , Abu Dhabi Islands Archaeological Survey . Gives online access to several of the cited publications .
Persian Gulf
History of the Middle East
Christianity in the Middle East
Christianity in the Arab world
Re Sarflax Ltd [ 1979 ] Ch 592 ; [ 1979 ] 1 All E.R . 529 is a UK insolvency law case concerning voidable preferences and fraudulent trading , now in the Insolvency Act 1986 . It concerns the definition of `` intention to defraud '' , which is found in a number of legal provisions .
Facts
Sarflax Ltd was in liquidation . It incurred another debt after a judgment that it had delivered unsatisfactory goods . The liquidator moved for a declaration that the delivery of these unsatisfactory goods was evidence of fraudulent trading . It also argued Sarflax had preferred other creditors over the , knowing it was unable to pay its debts in full .
Judgment
Oliver J held that `` intention to defraud '' in the voidable preference section ( now Insolvency Act 1986 , section 239 ) did not cover a case where a debtor merely knew or had grounds to think he had no sufficient funds to pay creditors in full .
See also
R v. Grantham [ 1984 ] QB 675
Re Augustus Barnett & Son Ltd [ 1986 ] BCLC 170
Re a Company ( No 001418 of 1988 ) [ 1990 ] BCC 526
References
Gary Scanlan ( 2003 ) Company Lawyer 234
United Kingdom insolvency case law
High Court of Justice cases
1979 in British law
1979 in case law
Nina Raginsky , ( born April 14 , 1941 ) is a Canadian photographer who received the honour of the Order of Canada in 1984 .
Life and work
Born in Montreal , Quebec , she received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Rutgers University in 1962 . While at Rutgers she studied painting with Roy Lichtenstein , sculpture with George Segal and Art History with Allan Kaprow .
From 1963 to 1981 , she was a freelance photographer with the National Film Board of Canada . Her photographs have appeared in various books by the National Film Board of Canada .
She was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1984 . She is a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts . Her photographs have appeared in Queen ( magazine ) , Daily London Telegraph Magazine , and L'Express Paris . From 1962 , her photographs have been in numerous exhibits at the George Eastman Museum Rochester , New York , the San Francisco Museum , the Burton Gallery in Toronto , the National Gallery of Canada , and the Photo Gallery in Ottawa , among others .
Nina Raginsky , photographer ( b at Montréal 14 Apr 1941 ) . Educated at Rutgers University in New Jersey , Raginsky turned to photography seriously in 1964 , doing freelance work for the National Film Board . She worked first in black and white but later began to sepia tone and hand-colour her prints . She has also created oil paintings based on photographs . After spending a year in Mexico , she returned to Canada in 1968 and began a project recording remote life in the Yukon and First Nations communities in British Columbia . The following year , she became an assistance curator of education at the Vancouver Art Gallery until 1972 . She then began a series of photos documenting the city and people of Vancouver , Victoria , and British Columbia . Between 1972 and 1981 , Raginsky was an instructor at the Emily Carr College of Art , formerly Vancouver School of Art . Her work has appeared in solo and group exhibitions in Canada and the US and in various magazines and books , including those of the National Film Board 's `` Image '' series , Canada : A Year of the Land and Between Friends . She is best known for her frontal , full-figure portraits , particularly of eccentric or whimsical personalities. < ref > 'Faking Death : Canadian Art Photography and the Canadian Imagination . ( 2003 ) Cousineau-Levine , Penny. < /ref > One such example is the 1974 work , The Kirkpatrick Sisters in front of the Empress Hotel , Victoria , British Columbia . Raginsky left the photographic medium during the 1980s and turned almost exclusively to painting . In 1985 she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada .
In 2015 , her photo Shoeshine Stand appeared on Canada Post postage stamps .
Artistic inspiration
Nina Raginsky has cited German photographer , August Sander as inspiration for her portraits in particular his work , Men Without Masks '' .
Notes
References
1941 births
Living people
Canadian women artists
Canadian women photographers
Officers of the Order of Canada
Artists from Montreal
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
F. formosa may refer to :
Fissurella formosa , a sea snail
Fodinoidea formosa , a Malagasy moth
Fouquieria formosa , a desert plant
Stanwell is a village close to two of the three main towns in the Borough of Spelthorne , Surrey , about west of central London . A small corner of its land is vital industrial land serving Heathrow Airport – most of the rest is residential/recreational , and the housing ranges from suburban homes with gardens to low- to mid-rise urban apartment blocks . Historically part of the county of Middlesex , it has , like the rest of Spelthorne , been in Surrey since 1965 . The village is to the south of the cargo-handling area of Heathrow Airport and to the east of the Staines Reservoirs .
Its recognisable extent has been substantially cut three times – all in the 20th century . Land was taken for reservoirs in about 1900 ; a few decades later land was taken into Heathrow Airport ; and in 1995 , after the completion of the M25 motorway , the settlement of Poyle ( beyond Stanwell Moor ) was detached from the Borough and reassigned to Colnbrook in the Borough of Slough .
Stanwell Moor is seen as its own village since the 1870s secularisation of local government . It likewise has reservoirs in its historical area . It was recognised as a manor in medieval times . It has a few pasture/horse-riding fields , horticultural businesses and flood meadows . It is centred from the historical nucleus of Stanwell and is part of the same ward and ecclesiastical parish .
Since the 1945 naming of Ashford Hospital , after two other re-namings , from the Staines Poor Law Union Infirmary , the far south of Stanwell has been widely conflated as being part of Ashford by visitors and some residents . This is reinforced by a large supermarket adopting the Ashford name and by the ease of delivery-made borders of the TW15 versus TW19 postal districts .
History
There are two theories regarding the origin of the name Stanwell . One is that it was named after St Ann ( e ) 's well in the village , but according to all known records the parish church has always been dedicated to St Mary . The second is that it means 'stone well ' , referring to stony soil or the adjoining street to the south . The first few letters of the name are the same as in the name of neighbouring Staines-upon-Thames , which also is said to mean 'stones ' , in the same way as the Great Vowel Shift failed to influence the spelling and pronunciation of the contemporaneously pronounced Stane Streets ( i.e . stone streets ) , the Old English for many of the stone-laid Roman roads in Britain .
The Domesday Book of 1086 records 'Stanwelle ' held by Walter , son of Othere . This places it among the large minority of head manors retained by men with Anglo-Saxon names . Its Domesday assets were : 15 hide , 4 mills worth £3 10s 0d and 375 eels , 3 weirs worth 1000 eels , 10 ploughs , meadow for 12 ploughs and woodland worth 12 hogs . It rendered £14 per year to its feudal system overlords . The fruitful watercourse was the western border of the village and of Middlesex , the River Colne West Bedfont may have been a hamlet of Stanwell in 1086 ; however , the dividing line between West Bedfont hamlet in Stanwell parish and East Bedfont in the parish of Bedfont ( now in Greater London ) may not have been drawn before the 11th or 12th century . West Bedfont along with Rudsworth are no longer used by residents ( as localities , hamlets , neighbourhoods ) . In the Middle Ages the parish was mostly open fields
In 1603 , Thomas Knyvet was granted the manor of Stanwell . Knyvet was the man who arrested Guy Fawkes in his attempt to blow up the Houses of Parliament . He was created Lord Knyvet in 1607 , and in his will left money to found a free school in Stanwell , which was established in 1624 . The building is no longer a school and now belongs to a housing association . It is Grade II * listed .
James VI and I 's infant daughter Mary died at Stanwell while in the care of the Knyvet household . Several members of the aristocracy lived there in the 17th and 18th centuries . The Cox 's Orange Pippin was first grown c. 1830 by Richard Cox in his garden on the Bath Road within the parish , see Colnbrook which now has this piece of land .
An unknown species of rose was found in a local garden in 1838 , and given the name of Stanwell Perpetual .
Hounslow Heath extended over the area north of Bedfont Road until 1792 , and a strip of moorland ( Borough Green and Spout Moor ) along the present Spout Lane joined it to Hither Moor and Farther Moor , which stretched towards Staines Moor . There were lammas lands in the far east and elsewhere and meadows along many of the river banks , particularly in the north , but the remainder of the parish was largely arable land . Nearly all the land west of Stanwell Moor 's clustered centre and that around Hammonds Farm was enclosed by the mid-18th century . Borough Field , to the north and west of the manor-house , and another small field nearby were inclosed in 1771 by the lord of the manor . Most of the area south of Stanwell and West Bedfont villages remained open until 1792 on their enclosure .
By the 18th century the remaining common land was generally known as Stanwell Field or Town Field until its enclosure . Orchards and market gardens began to spread over the parish in the second half of the 19th century . The Staines and West Drayton Railway ( now closed ) was opened in 1884 , with Colnbrook railway station in Stanwell parish at Poyle , after the then neighbouring village . The streets of small house behind the southwest Crooked Billet roundabout ( named after a demolished pub ) were built in the 1880s . As a community they formed part of Staines , and were transferred to it officially in 1896 .
The Staines Union Workhouse was built on the London Road in the mid-19th century . Together with a former boys ' home and a former isolation hospital , both opened about 1913 , it became Ashford Hospital . Two cemeteries were opened near the A30 between 1895 and 1910 . The Staines Reservoirs were completed in 1902 and started supplying water to London in 1904 . Between them they cover .
The two old settlements grew slightly , notably by the building of council housing estates in Stanwell in 1919 and in Stanwell Moor in 1930 . A private motor-bus served the village by 1926 , and London Transport buses began in 1932 . Poyle Halt on the defunct railway opened in 1927 and Poyle Industrial Estate Halt in 1953 . Housing society and council house building began after the Second World War , including 300 pre-fabricated homes . From 1930 , having formed part of a 19th-century Sanitary District then Rural District , Stanwell was administered by Staines Urban District ( of the county of Middlesex ) until its 1974 dissolution . In 1965 were it not for special provision Stanwell would have seceded with the rest of Middlesex to London : the Staines , Sunbury and Potters Bar Urban Districts transferred variously to Surrey and Hertfordshire , the most distant parts of the county from London .
The civil parish , with its wider functions than those surviving today , was abolished in 1930 . It was relatively active ; it intervened with partial success in the negotiations for the building of the reservoirs and saw the provision of allotments in 1918 and of a recreation ground in 1927 . Its first complaint about dangerous driving along the London Road was made in 1909 . In addition to the overseer , who was unpaid , the council had two salaried assistant overseers , one of whom was also clerk to the council and the other of whom was the rate collector . The council protested against the inclusion of Stanwell in Staines Urban District , which nevertheless took place , so that the council was dissolved .
On Heathrow 's construction
In the northwest of the parish , off Spout Lane , Middlesex County Council established 24 small holdings in the early 1930s : Burrows Hill Close estate and Bedfont Court . The part of Stanwell New Road north of Park Road opened as a main north-south route in 1948 . The following year , most of the former Hounslow Heath land to the north-east , predominantly in Harmondsworth , became London Airport . The east end of the local road to Bedfont was diverted , and the roads running north were turned over , together with the eastern half of Spout Lane , where houses were demolished .
In 2004 , the village of Stanwell won a Bronze Medal in the national Britain in Bloom competition , in the urban community category .
Notable buildings
Parish church
The Church of England parish church of St Mary the Virgin is a Norman building with a 14th-century Gothic chancel and 15th-century Perpendicular Gothic west tower . The tower has a spire with wood shingles . Inside the church are monuments to members of the Knyvet ( t ) family who bought Staines manor after their foiling of the planting of the gunpowder and Fawkes .
The church was restored in 1862 under the direction of Samuel Sanders Teulon , and restored again in 1903 . The building is Grade I listed .
Stanwell Place
Stanwell Place was a grand manor house from the 17th century west of the village church , north of Park Road . The Gibbons family owned the manorial rights from 1754 to 1933 , and slowly sold off the estate from the 1800s . Sold to John Watson Gibson in 1933 , four years later were sold off to the Metropolitan Water Board for the development of the King George VI Reservoir , now in Staines . After Gibson 's death in 1947 , Stanwell Place was sold to King Faisal II of Iraq who owned it until his assassination in 1958 . The estate was then purchased for gravel extraction , and despite local attempts to prevent it , the house was allowed to become derelict , and demolished in the 1960s .
Economy
What was the north of the parish is a major industrial , distribution and headquarters zone , bound up now in the broad expression 'the M4 corridor ' . There was little building in the parish before World War I . The first factory/warehouse at Poyle appeared before 1914 another at West Bedfont in the 1920s . By 1956 there were between 70 and 80 at Poyle , and several at West Bedfont . During the 1920s and 1930s ribbon development spread along the main roads : on the A4 Bath Road Colnbrook remains mainly residential . Garages and a few small factories ( now motor manufacturer garages and offices ) had been built by the 1950s and remain along the A30 London Road , including Del Monte , Ford and Suzuki .
At one time British Mediterranean Airways was headquartered at the Cirrus House within the post town but in the London Borough of Hounslow , near Stanwell .
Politics
Stanwell has historically been one of the few wards of Surrey County Council held by the Labour Party .
Demography and housing
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28 % , the average that was apartments was 22.6 % .
The proportion of households in the settlement who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1 % . The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5 % . The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings ( plus a negligible % of households living rent-free ) .
Notable residents
Thomas Knyvet , 1st Baron Knyvet , Member of Parliament in 1601 , was granted the manor of Stanwell for uncovering the Gunpowder Plot in 1603
Nicholas Hilliard , painter , leased Poyle Manor
James Nares , English organist and composer , was born in Stanwell in 1715 and married Teresa Costello
Richard Cox , British horticulturist , created Cox 's Orange Pippin apple , first grown in his garden on the Bath Road
Sir John Watson Gibson , civil engineer , lived in Stanwell Lodge and then Stanwell Place between the 1920s and his death in 1947 Since 2015 , one of the town 's pubs has borne his name
Sir Allen Lane , the founder of Penguin Books , lived at Silverbeck , Stanwell Moor
King Faisal II of Iraq owned Stanwell Place from 1948 until his assassination in 1958
Gary Numan , singer , was raised in Stanwell and attended Abbotsford School
Pete Shaw , author and theatrical producer , was raised in Short Lane , Stanwell
See also
Middlesex
Spelthorne Hundred
Stanwell Park , New South Wales
References
Sources
Villages in Surrey
Borough of Spelthorne
Former civil parishes in Surrey
Places formerly in Middlesex
Sahadharmini is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film directed and produced by P. A. Thomas . The film stars Sathyan , Kaviyoor Ponnamma , Adoor Bhasi and Hari in the lead roles . The film had musical score by B . A. Chidambaranath .
Cast
Sathyan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi
Hari
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
O. Ramdas
T. R. Omana
Shaji
Pankajavalli
Ushakumari
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B . A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. A. Thomas
`` Will '' is a song by American rapper Joyner Lucas , and the ninth single from his debut studio album ADHD ( 2020 ) . It was released on March 25 , 2020 with an accompanying music video . The song is a tribute to actor and rapper Will Smith , one of Lucas 's biggest influences . On May 15 , 2020 , a remix of the song with a guest appearance from Smith was released .
Composition
In the song , Lucas raps about his great admiration for and influence from Will Smith 's success throughout his career . Lucas references ten of Smith 's most renowned works in his filmography , most notably The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air . Furthermore , he states that he hopes his son will one day become successful as Smith 's children Willow and Jaden are , and also raps about the importance of paying homage to icons while they are still alive .
Music video
The music video was directed by Joyner Lucas and Ben Proulx , and shows Lucas dressing as the iconic characters played by Will Smith in the films he mentions in the song , and parodies the movie scenes , shapeshifting from one to another . The ending of the visual features an audio clip of a quote by Will Smith . As of April 2021 the video has over 40 Million Views .
Response
Will Smith responded on Instagram , saying that he was `` humbled and honored '' , and that he hoped to meet Lucas one day . In April 2020 , Smith hosted Lucas on his YouTube channel to thank him . Lucas called Smith his idol , and said that he grew up watching his movies and listening to his music .
Remix
The official remix of the song has guest vocals from Will Smith , and was released on May 15 , 2020 . On his verse , Smith again thanks Lucas and discusses his inspirations as well .
Charts
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Joyner Lucas songs
Will Smith songs
Songs written by Joyner Lucas
Daniel Palmer may refer to :
Daniel David Palmer ( 1845–1913 ) , founder of chiropractic
Daniel S. Palmer ( born 1984 ) , American curator
Daniel Palmer ( writer ) ( born 1962 ) , American novelist
The yellow-browed woodpecker ( Piculus aurulentus ) , also known as the white-browed woodpecker , is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found in Brazil , Argentina and Paraguay .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest . It is becoming rare due to habitat loss .
References
yellow-browed woodpecker
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
yellow-browed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
James Thomas Schuerman ( born April 5 , 1957 ) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has been serving as auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee in Wisconsin since 2017 .
Biography
Early life
Born in Burlington , Wisconsin , to Robert and Elizabeth Schuerman , James Schuerman grew up in Lyons , Wisconsin . He was a member of St. Joseph Parish , and attended St. Joseph 's Grade School , Burlington Junior High School , and Burlington High School . Schuerman has four siblings : Virginia Kalaveshi , Robert Schuerman , Jr. , Theresa Schuerman and David Schuerman .
Schuerman attended Saint Francis de Sales Seminary College in Milwaukee from 1976 to 1980 , earning a Bachelor degree . He spent one more year at St. Francis de Sales before being sent to the University of Innsbruck in Innsbruck Austria . He earned his Master of Theology degree at the university .
Priesthood
On May 17 , 1986 , Schuerman was ordained to the priesthood . His first assignment after ordination was as associate pastor at St. Anthony Parish in Milwaukee , remaining there until 1992 . Schuerman was then selected for missionary service at the archdiocesan sister parish , La Sagrada Familia , in the Dominican Republic , working there from 1992 to 1996 .
In August 1996 , Schuerman enrolled in a graduate program at Catholic Theological Union in Chicago for returning missionaries , earning a Doctor of Ministry degree in spirituality . In 1997 , he joined the faculty of Saint Francis de Sales Seminary as spiritual director and faculty member .. In 2009 , Schuerman left Saint Francis to become administrator of St. Andrew Parish in Delavan , Wisconsin and then pastor at St. Andrew Parish in 2010 . From 2011 to 2012 , he also served as pastor of St. Patrick Parish in Elkhorn , Wisconsin . In 2012 , Schuerman became pastor of St. Francis de Sales Parish in Lake Geneva , Wisconsin , and administrator of Holy Cross Parish in Bristol , Wisconsin . He continued his role in priest formation , serving as adjunct spiritual director for Saint Francis de Sales Seminary .
Schuerman speaks German and is fluent in Spanish . He received the archdiocesan Vatican II Award for Service to the Priesthood in 2012 .
Auxiliary Bishop of Milwaukee
Pope Francis appointed Schuerman as an auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Milwaukee on January 25 , 2017 . On March 17 , 2017 , Schuerman was consecrated as a bishop .
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs , archbishops , and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee Official Site
1957 births
Living people
People from Burlington , Wisconsin
Religious leaders from Milwaukee
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee
Catholics from Wisconsin
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Carl Wilkens ( born 1958 ) is an American Christian missionary and the former head of the Adventist Development and Relief Agency International in Rwanda . In 1994 , he was the only American who chose to remain in the country after the Rwandan genocide began .
Since 1978 , when he first went to Africa as part of a college volunteer program , Wilkens had already spent 13 years working on the continent . After training as a high-school teacher , he later went back to night school and earned an MBA at the University of Baltimore .
Career
Beginning of the genocide
In early 1994 , Wilkens was in Rwanda with his wife and three children . As the Rwandan genocide began , he sent them with a U.S. convoy to Burundi ( U.S. officials were afraid to use Kigali 's airport , so they evacuated their citizens by cars ) and stayed in his home in Kigali . Wilkens knew that he could not leave his friends , many of whom were Tutsis . His family had hired two workers who were Tutsi , Juan and Anita , to help out around the house . He feared that they may be harmed if he did not stay . His decision was made during conversations with his wife , Teresa , recalling that `` Teresa and I would go back to the bedroom and we would talk , because we had made a decision that I would n't evacuate . We would pray , and I 'd say , 'Does this still seem right ? ' and she said , 'Yes , it does ' . '' Wilkens stayed in Rwanda even as others fled , including many high ranking U.S. officials . No one was more surprised by his decision to remain in Rwanda than the Rwandan people . Thomas Kayumba , Carl 's co-worker , said that `` All the foreigners left , but not Wilkens . He was still young . To take leave of his little children and his wife , to give himself to the Rwandan people , I do n't know how to explain it . ''
Gisimba Orphanage
The first three weeks were spent in his house with trustworthy Tutsis seeking refuge , but when there was a possibility to go out and do anything to people , who were slaughtered every day , sometimes just meters away , he gave his all to help them . Wilkens saved about 400 people from the Gisimba Orphanage .
One day , when Carl arrived at Gisimba , he saw more than 50 armed militiamen who were waiting for an occasion to kill everyone inside the orphanage . His presence there stopped anyone from being killed . Wilkens decided to sleep with the kids that night to make sure they were safe . He stayed there until , using all his connections , he found four guards to guard the people inside the orphanage . He jumped into his car to find the governor , who could help him to save the orphans . When he was in his office , the Hutu prime minister Jean Kambanda , was there and someone told Wilkens to ask him for help . Wilkens described the situation with these words : `` 'Ask him ? ' It 's like that 's the stupidest thing you could imagine - to ask this guy who is obviously orchestrating the genocide , a key player , and yet I have no other options . … [ He 's like ] , 'Just go out in the hallway . He 's in the next office . When he comes out , ask him . '' So I went out [ into the hallway ] … and [ a ] door opens . Everybody snaps to attention , and here comes [ the prime minister ] and his little entourage . They 're coming down the hall , and I am , too . I put my hand out and I said , 'Mr . Prime Minister , I 'm Carl Wilkens , the director of ADRA . ' He stops and he looks at me , and then he takes my hand and shakes it and said , 'Yes , I 've heard about you and your work . How is it ? ' I said , 'Well , honestly , sir , it 's not very good right now . The orphans at Gisimba are surrounded , and I think there 's going to be a massacre , if there has n't been already . ' He turns around , talks to some of his aides or whatever , [ and he turns back to me and ] he says , 'We 're aware of the situation , and those orphans are going to be safe . I 'll see to it . ' ''
And it worked ; the prime minister agreed to make sure that nothing would happen to the orphans . But Wilkens , who was afraid of another militiamen attempt to kill people inside Gisimba , decided to move survivors to a safe haven - the Saint Michel Cathedral . Again , he used his connections and in few days , he organized two buses and a military escort , which was to help them to get through the most dangerous roadblocks . Wilkens negotiated with armed men on the way to the cathedral . In the end , everyone on the buses was transported to Saint Michel alive and unharmed .
Vaiter Orphanage and Nyamirambo Adventist Church
This was a quite similar situation to that in Gisimba . The orphanage was run by a Frenchman , Marc Vaiter , and before April 1994 its main goal was to take care of 16 HIV-positive orphans . But during the genocide it was a hiding place for about 100 children . They did not have drinking water and were running out of food and it was just then that Wilkens appeared , bringing most needed supplies . None of the children spoke English nor did Carl speak Kinyarwanda , so at first children who did not know his name called him : ADRA SOS ( it was written on his car ) . When the situation became critical ( there was fighting going on between RPF and Hutu army in the area where orphanage was situated ) , again Wilkens tried to relocate survivors to Saint Michel Cathedral . His obstinacy allowed him to do it once again . People from the orphanage were safe .
He did the same for 12 survivors from Adventist Church in Nyamirambo . They were transported to the safe haven in Hôtel des Mille Collines .
Wilkens reminisces that the situation during genocide was very complex , and that he was working often on the edge of law and morality : `` I was in so many positions that could have been interpreted as compromising or even collaborating with the enemy . … Who 's going to believe someone who goes to court and says , 'Well , actually I asked [ the prime minister ] to help me save some Tutsis ? ' Who 's going to believe that ? The stuff in the genocide just turns . ''
Wilkens negotiated to save lives with Col. Tharcisse Renzaho - governor of Kigali and with prime minister Jean Kambanda later sentenced to life imprisonment by International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) . General Romeo Dallaire faced a same dilemma , debating whether it was morally acceptable to `` shake hands with the Devil '' in order to save someone 's life . However , the effects of such negotiations - thousands of saved human lives - made some feel that it was worthy to pay the price .
After RPF 's victory
When the units of Rwandan Patriotic Front took over Kigali on July 4 , 1994 , it was not still the end of service for Wilkens . Asked by RPF 's officials , he helped distribute water , food and supplies to inhabitants of Kigali . It was the case of for example Saint Andre College in Nyamirambo ( where there were about 12,000 people ) and Kacyiru camp for the internally displaced .
He also tried to find all his ADRA co-workers . Many times , such actions ended with a happy end . One of the most moving moments took place near Gitarama , when he found Amiel Gahima : `` As we walked past the town of Gitarama towards Kigali , I abruptly saw a pickup truck with the ADRA flag . The vehicle suddenly stopped as it approached us . I could n't believe my eyes when I saw Carl Wilkens coming towards me from the vehicle . As he saw me , emaciated and frail , carrying my three-year-old son on my shoulders , he was in tears . ''
Return to Rwanda and present day
When he finally ended his mission , he went back to the United States . But in 1995 he , his wife Teresa and their 3 children returned to Rwanda and for the next 18 months Wilkens worked for the Adventist Church on reconstruction projects . Since 1996 , Wilkens has been living in the U.S. and he became an Adventist pastor and is working in Milo Adventist Academy in Days Creek , Oregon . He visits Rwanda from time to time to see his friends and co-workers . When he was giving a sermon in Kigali in December 2005 , crowd of over 3,000 people attended his service .
Wilkens tours the United States to speak to students , teachers , and parents about his experience in Rwanda . He has spoken at schools such as Clarke Central High School in Athens , Georgia , Mission San Jose High School in Fremont , California , St. Joseph 's Collegiate Institute , Glenbrook North High School in Northbrook , Illinois , Nashville Community High School in Nashville , Illinois , Avon High School in Avon , Connecticut , and at Elon University in Elon , North Carolina . During his talks , he describes his experiences in Rwanda and how to stay positive by doing things such as creating new brain pathways .
On 25 January 2012 , Wilkens spoke to high school students at the Al Yasmina school in Abu Dhabi of his experiences in Rwanda , and promoted his new book .
Wilkens also spoke during the 2014 GIN Abu Dhabi Conference in NYU Abu Dhabi , to a group of high school and university students .
On 26–27 April 2014 , Wilkens spoke to students at several international schools in Taipei of his experiences in Rwanda , and was selling his book during a Model United Nations conference .
See also
Roméo Dallaire
Paul Kagame
Bibliography of the Rwandan genocide
Rwandan Patriotic Front
United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda
References
External links
Interview with Carl Wilkens
An article about Carl Wilkens
Book in pdf : A True Humanitarian . Tribute to Carl Wilkens .
Carl Wilkens ' Web
pedaling2peace.org
1958 births
Living people
Seventh-day Adventist religious workers
American Seventh-day Adventists
People of the Rwandan genocide
Radmila is a popular given female name in Serbia . It is derived from the Slavic words rada ( the feminine of rade meaning `` happiness '' ) and mila ( `` sweet '' ) .
Nicknames
Rada , Radka , Radushka , Radica , Lala , Mila , Mi
Famous bearers
Radmila Bakočević ( born 1933 ) , Serbian operatic soprano with a major international opera career from 1955 to 1982
Radmilla Cody ( born 1975 ) , Navajo/Diné singer and indigenous rights activist
Radmila Drljača ( born 1959 ) , Yugoslav handball player
Radmila Hrustanović ( born 1952 ) , Serbian politician
Radmila Karaklajić ( born 1939 ) , Serbian singer and actress
Radmila `` Rada '' Manojlović ( born 1985 ) , Serbian pop folk singer
Radmila Miljanić-Petrović ( born 1988 ) , Montenegrin handball player
Radmila Perišić ( born 1980 ) , Serbian judoka
Radmila Šekerinska ( born 1972 ) , Macedonian politician and Defense Minister
Radmila Savić ( born 1961 ) , Yugoslav handball player
Radmila Šekerinska ( born 1972 ) , leader of the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia
Radmila Smiljanić ( born 1940 ) , Serbian opera singer
Radmila Vasileva ( born 1964 ) , Bulgarian basketball player
See also
Slavic names
Slavic feminine given names
Bosnian feminine given names
Bulgarian feminine given names
Croatian feminine given names
Macedonian feminine given names
Montenegrin feminine given names
Serbian feminine given names
United Nations Security Council resolution 874 , adopted unanimously on 14 October 1993 , reaffirmed sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Azerbaijani Republic and of all other States in the region , called for the preservation of the ceasefire , cessation of hostilities and withdrawal of forces from recently occupied districts of the Republic of Azerbaijan , and reaffirmed resolutions 822 ( 1993 ) and 853 ( 1993 ) . The Council expressed its concern at `` ... the conflict in and around the Nagorny Karabakh region of the Azerbaijani Republic , and of the tensions between the Republic of Armenia and the Azerbaijani Republic ... '' , and called upon the parties to observe the ceasefire agreed with by the government of Russia and OSCE Minsk Group .
The council , after reiterating its support for the peace process , called on both sides to accept the OSCE 's `` Adjusted Timetable of Urgent Steps '' , which was agreed to by Armenia , rejected by Azerbaijan and the Karabakh authorities delayed responding . The Karabakh authorities adopted a wait-and-see approach , and Azerbaijan rejected it because the `` Adjusted Timetable '' linked the withdrawal of Karabakh Armenian forces from occupied Azerbaijani territory with the lifting of Azerbaijan 's embargo of Armenia . The Azerbaijani government complained of being treated like `` the defeated side . The `` Adjusted Timetable '' included proposals relating to withdrawal of forces from recently occupied territories and the removal of all obstacles to communications and transportation ; all other issues not addressed , according to the council , should be settled through peaceful negotiation .
The resolution then called for an early convening of the OSCE Minsk Conference for the purpose of arriving at a negotiated settlement to the conflict , requesting the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali to attend the Conference and to provide all possible assistance for the substantive negotiations that would take place . It also called on parties to refrain from violations of international humanitarian law and to allow unimpeded access for international organisations to deliver humanitarian aid .
Resolution 874 was also the first resolution on the topic of the conflict to urge states in the region to refrain from any hostile acts and from any interference or intervention which would lead to the widening of the conflict . At the end of October , fighting broke out at the Azerbaijani-Iranian border , and the subsequent deployment of Iranian forces by Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani about the conflict at its border lead to further calls for states to refrain from interference in Resolution 884 .
The current resolution concluded by requesting the secretary-general , the chairman-in-office of the OSCE and the chairman of the OSCE Minsk Conference to continue to report to the council on the progress of the Minsk process and on all aspects of the situation on the ground .
See also
Armenia–Azerbaijan relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 801 to 900 ( 1993–1994 )
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
List of United Nations Security Council resolutions on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0874
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
0874
0874
October 1993 events
The Grinnell Pioneers football team represents Grinnell College in collegiate level football . The team competes in NCAA Division III as a member of the Midwest Conference .
History
On a blustery November afternoon in 1889 , Grinnell College beat the University of Iowa 24–0 in the first intercollegiate football game west of the Mississippi River . The team 's first head coach was Theron Lyman . It was a member of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association from 1918 to 1927 and its successor the Missouri Valley Conference from 1928 to 1939 .
After starting 2019 at 0–3 and with only 28 of 39 healthy players , the team withdrew from competitive play and forfeited its remaining seven games of the season on October 1 in order to protect the health and safety of its student-athletes . The players had voted overwhelmingly to end the season as a protest over their perceived lack of support by the administration , which the team believed caused them to be undermanned over the past four seasons .
References
American football teams established in 1889
1889 establishments in Iowa
Cape Valavielle is a cape marking the north end of Watson Peninsula on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands .
Charted and named by the French expedition , 1837–40 , under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville .
Laurie Island
Headlands of the South Orkney Islands
Kepco , Inc. is a power supply manufacturer located in Queens , Flushing , New York City . It was founded in 1946 by physicists working on the Manhattan Project after World War II to design and develop electronic equipment for commercial and defense purposes .
Kepco 's ultra low noise power supplies helped the LIGO ( Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory ) succeed at detecting gravitational waves .
The company also provides power supplies and development support for US government experiments at RHIC ( Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ) at the Brookhaven National Laboratory to help discover the properties of elementary particles in physics .
References
Power supply manufacturers
Xolmis is a genus of South American birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae .
These are relative large flycatchers that are found in fairly open habitats . Most have black , grey and white plumage .
Species
The genus contains two species :
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Book of Atrix Wolfe is a fantasy novel written by American author Patricia A. McKillip , published in 1995 . It was a finalist for the 1996 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature .
Summary
For twenty years , Atrix Wolfe has turned his back on his magic to live with the wolves in the mountains . A powerful mage , twenty years ago Atrix Wolfe turned the King of the Wood into a terrible Hunter in order to force the invading Kardeth army , which threatened the kingdoms of Pelucir and Chaumenard , to retreat . The Hunter massacred not only the invaders , but the Pelucir forces as well , including the king . During the creation of the Hunter , the daughter of the King and Queen of the Wood , Saro ( pronounced the same as `` sorrow '' , a term which is a recurring motif of the book ) , disappeared .
Talis , the prince of Pelucir , is attending mage 's school at Chaumenard when he discovers a book by an unknown author . Though it is only a beginner 's spellbook , he is strangely fascinated by it and takes it with him when his brother Burne , the king , summons him back to Pelucir . Experimenting with the book , he discovers that none of the spells do what they say , and are actually codes for more dangerous spells . He takes his studies with the book into the keep which the Kardeth army besieged in the incident 20 years before , and which has been haunted and abandoned ever since . In the kitchens of the castle , a scullery maid named Saro is mute , and thus interacts more with the pots and pans than other people . She is tasked with bringing Talis 's meals to the keep , since her lack of knowledge of the world outside the kitchen makes her the only one not afraid of the keep 's ghosts . When he meets Saro , he notices that her facial features seem to constantly shift , preventing her from being recognized . This is the first time Saro has had someone actually look at her , rather than seeing her only for her occupation .
Warned by a dream , Atrix Wolfe attempts to retrieve a spellbook he wrote shortly after the incident 20 years ago , but finds it has moved from where he hid it . He discovers Talis took it back to Pelucir , and arrives at the keep just in time to save Talis from the Hunter . While Talis is fleeing from the Hunter , the Queen of the Wood takes him into the magical world of the wood . She says she will only allow him to return to the human world if he brings her Atrix Wolfe , who she needs to find Saro . She can not get Atrix herself because neither he nor she can pass through the barrier between the human world and the world of the wood . Talis brings her Atrix Wolfe , who agrees to find Saro , and the Queen returns Talis to his world .
Having become enamored of the Queen of the Wood , Talis resolves to find Saro for her before Atrix Wolfe . Though Talis has never been properly introduced to her , he intuits that the scullery maid is Saro , her muteness and ever-changing face being a spell which has kept the Queen from finding her . He brings her to the Queen . The Hunter finds them all there and shoots an arrow into Talis . The threat to his life ignites Saro into breaking the spell upon herself , remembering who she is and crying out to her father , ending her muteness . This in turn bring Ilyos back to himself .
Ilyos , however , has been through so much that he can not return to his life as the Queen 's consort . In order to protect the Queen 's world , he has Atrix Wolfe turn him into one of the trees of the Wood . As partial penance for having caused the death of Burne and Talis 's father , Atrix Wolfe remains in Pelucir to tutor Talis in magic . Talis is surprised when Saro returns to Pelucir , and they begin to become acquainted . She says that she no longer felt at home in the world of the Wood , and that he is the only one who can understand her , being the only other person to have spent time in both worlds .
Nominations
1996 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature
See also
Wild hunt
References
1995 American novels
1995 fantasy novels
American fantasy novels
Books with cover art by Kinuko Y . Craft
Novels by Patricia A. McKillip
Ace Books books
Stephanie Moyer ( born September 24 , 1997 ) is an American professional stock car racing driver . She currently competes full-time in the ARCA Menards Series East and part-time in the ARCA Menards Series , driving the No . 01 for Fast Track Racing .
Racing career
Early years
Moyer would first race in Champ Cars at the age of 12 . In 2012 , she would move up to the Factory Stock division at Evergreen Raceway , and raced there for nine years before eventually winning the championship in 2020 .
ARCA Menards Series
Moyer would make her first start in the ARCA Menards Series at the 2021 General Tire # AnywhereIsPossible 200 , finishing 15th . She would make three more starts in series combination events , retiring from two events and finishing 20th in Milwaukee .
ARCA Menards Series East
Moyer would get her first chance at ARCA , after her fiance 's boss , Johnny Davis , recommended Moyer to Fast Track Racing owner Andy Hillenburg . Moyer would make her debut with Fast Track Racing at the 2021 Pensacola 200 , finishing a respectable eighth , earning her first top 10 . Afterwards , she would get another top 10 at the 2021 Crosley Record Pressing 200 , but , the season would take a downturn for her afterwards , retiring for the rest of the races ( with the exception of the 2021 Sprecher 150 ) , finishing last once at Iowa .
On December 22 , 2021 , it was announced that she would run the full season in the No . 01 for Fast Track Racing in 2022 after driving the majority of the 2021 season for the team .
Modifieds
Moyer would make her debut in asphalt modifieds at Mahoning Valley Speedway on July 31 , 2021 at the 2021 Morin Arthofer Sr . Tribute .
Personal life
Moyer had a brother , Michael , who died in 2011 in a car accident . She is a second-generation racer , following in her father 's and uncle 's footsteps . She is not related to Floridian ARCA driver A. J. Moyer .
Motorsports career results
ARCA Menards Series
( key ) ( Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time . Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time . * – Most laps led . )
ARCA Menards Series East
References
External links
Stephanie Moyer driver statistics at Racing-Reference
Official website
1997 births
Living people
ARCA Menards Series drivers
NASCAR drivers
Racing drivers from Pennsylvania
People from Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania
Chope is a real time restaurant-reservation booking platform that connects diners with its partner restaurants . The name “ Chope ” was inspired by the term chope spoken colloquially in Singapore . Chope charges restaurants fixed and per-diner fees for the use of its table booking system ; diners are not charged booking or cancellation fees for reservations made through Chope 's system .
Founded on 15 June 2011 , Chope was inspired by the idea of making the restaurant reservation process simpler , seeking to address the problem of placing restaurant reservations through phone calls that could normally only be done during operating hours . As a solution , Chope provides a real-time online service for the process of table reservations . Chope was only able to secure a dozen reservations in its first week .
At the time of its startup , restaurateurs and café owners had been known to be slow to adapt to technology advancements . However , aided by the rise in internet access , this trend had been slowly changing . In July 2012 , Chope announced its application had grown to be used by over 1,000,000 diners .
Investment and Funding History
On June 30 , 2015 the company announced it had secured an investment of US $ 8M in a series C round co-led by F & H Fund Management , a fund chaired by Alibaba CTO John Wu , and NSI Ventures .
In April 2016 , the company announced its acquisition of MakanLuar.com - an Indonesian restaurant reservations platform co-founded by Kunal Narang and Hiro Mohinani .
On October 16 , 2017 , Chope announced that it had raised a Series D funding of US $ 13M . The round is led by Asia-Pacific investment firm Square Peg Capital and joined by C31 Ventures and Moelis Australia . Existing investors NSI Ventures , Susquehanna International Group , DSG Consumer Partners , and SPH Ventures also came in for a top-up .
Services
For users
The website and the mobile app allow users to search for restaurants and reservations based on parameters including times , dates , cuisine , location , price range and promotional offers from credit cards or other partners . Users who have registered their email address with the service will then receive a confirmation email . Users can also receive Chope Dollars , a rewards-point system after dining ( 100 or multiples of 100 ) ; these points can be redeemed for vouchers at select member restaurants on the service , or other gifts from time to time
The company also has a mobile application available in Apple 's App Store and Google Play Store that allows users to find and book dining reservations .
For restaurants
The service provides restaurant owners with comprehensive reservation management .
Features include :
Reservation management manages making , changing , canceling and confirming reservations
Guest management keeps track of customer preferences and repeat customers ; also allows targeted marketing to customers
Table management assists restaurant staff in seating ( and even preassigning to seats ) customers and tracking table status
Reporting provides analytics .
Markets
The company 's home market is Singapore . It has also expanded to other Asian markets including Hong Kong , Mainland China , Thailand and Indonesia .
References
External links
Online food ordering
Online marketplaces of Singapore
Internet properties established in 2011
The Illusion of Independent Radio — a Russian samizdat « radio program » , created in 1989 at Rostov-on-Don and distributed on tape reels and cassettes . It was the world 's first ( Soviet-Russian ) prototype of podcasting , the media phenomenon that emerged in the 2000s .
History
The Illusion of Independent Radio project was created in 1989 in Rostov-on-Don by journalists Galina Pilipenko and Valery Posidelov as a project related to their magazine , Hurray Boom-Boom ! , samizdat devoted to the culture of the Russian underground .
Conceptually , The Illusion of Independent Radio was the forerunner of Russian podcasting , since the Internet did not exist , and attempts to go on the radio air were not considered in principle — due to the ferocity of South Russian media censorship . Independent radio appeared in Rostov-on-Don only in 1992 ( Radio Provincia ) .
The first mention of The Illusion of Independent Radio appeared in the third issue of Hurray Boom-Boom ! ( 1989 ) .
Programs were recorded in a home studio and reproduced on reel-to-reel tape . Issues of were distributed by subscription nationwide . As the creators of the project joked , it `` went 'on the air ' on a range of 49 meters to 5 liters multiplied by a dozen hecto-pascals '' .
The first issue included tracks of Rostov underground rock bands Minstrel Theatre , There ! No Nothing , ELEN , 12 Volt , Zazerkalye , Helicopter Blues Band , Novosibirsk band Classification D , Peter Svyatoslav Zaderiy , and interviews with Mike Naumenko , Sergei Firsov , and Yuri Naumov . BBC correspondent Oleg Nesterov and Yakov Kachur conducted a dialogue on the topic of musicians ' emigration .
The second issue published a rare interview of Yegor Letov , given to a correspondent of Hurray Boom-Boom ! . < ref > Own info . Rarity interview of Yegor Letov // « Hurray Boom-Boom ! » . — 1990 . — № 5 . — P. 13. < /ref >
Programs were developed by Galina Pilipenko , Valery Posidelov , and Andrei Baryshnikov . Baryshnikov was the voice of program under the pseudonym Andrei Wind , director of Valery Posidelov 's rock band Day and Evening .
The author of the logo of the project was artist Fima Musailov ( Efimius Musaymelidi ) .
Journalist Katerina Gordeeva wrote in 1995 : `` Hooray Boom Boom has another interesting quality : each issue has a sound supplement . Over the ten years of its existence , Hooray Boom Boom '' amassed a collection of rare recordings , including albums of 35 Ukrainian bands . Some English friends sent records by London bands .
A total of four issues were created .
Issues
« The Illusion of Independent Radio » . Issue # 1 ( 1989 )
« The Illusion of Independent Radio » . Issue # 4 ( 1990 )
References
Podcasting
Podcasting
is a train station in Ibara , Okayama Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
The Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Movie/Miniseries is one of the award categories presented annually by the Critics ' Choice Television Awards ( BTJA ) to recognize the work done by television actors .
History
It was introduced in 2013 . The winners are selected by a group of television critics that are part of the Broadcast Television Critics Association .
Winners and nominees
2010s
2020s
See also
Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series , Miniseries or Television Film
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Movie
References
External links
Critics ' Choice Television Awards
Television awards for Best Supporting Actor
Awards established in 2013
Nacho Libre is a 2006 sports comedy-drama film directed by Jared Hess and written by Jared and Jerusha Hess and Mike White . It stars Jack Black as Ignacio , a Catholic friar and lucha libre fan who secretly moonlights as a luchador to earn money for the orphanage where he works . The film is loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta ( `` Friar Storm '' , a.k.a . Rev . Sergio Gutiérrez Benítez ) , a real-life Mexican Catholic priest who had a 23-year career as a masked luchador to support the orphanage he directed . The film was produced by Black , White , David Klawans and Julia Pistor .
The film was released on June 16 , 2006 , by Paramount Pictures . It received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $ 99.3 million at the worldwide box office against its $ 35 million production budget .
Plot
Ignacio 's parents , a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon , both died while he was still a baby . Now a cook for the Oaxaca monastery orphanage where he was raised , Ignacio dreams of becoming a luchador , but wrestling is strictly forbidden by the monastery as it is considered a sin of vanity . Though Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans , he is unable to provide decent meals for them due to a lack of funds . He also struggles with his feelings for Sister Encarnación , a nun who has just arrived to teach at the orphanage . One night , while collecting a bag of tortilla chips for the orphans , Ignacio gets mugged for the chips by a street thief named Steven . Having had enough , Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery 's rules and become a luchador to make money . He convinces Steven to join him by promising to share the prize money if they win , and the two join a local competition as tag partners .
Ignacio fights with the moniker `` Nacho '' to keep his identity secret , while Steven adopts the name `` Esqueleto '' . They get defeated in their first match but still get paid nicely , as wrestlers are entitled to a portion of the total revenue .
They prove popular with the crowd so are invited back .
They continue to wrestle every week , with Ignacio using the money to acquire better food for the orphans but becoming frustrated that the duo can never achieve victory in the ring . Ignacio tries everything he can think of , including a folk remedy to acquire the powers of an eagle , but success still eludes the two . He then seeks advice from champion luchador Ramses , who arrogantly rebuffs his attempts at conversation .
Undeterred , the duo infiltrates a party Ramses 's manager holds for the best wrestlers . Steven climbs over a wall to get inside , where he discovers that in order to be considered a professional , one must be the last luchador standing in the ring at an upcoming free-for-all match . Ignacio gets in by disguising himself as a band member playing for the party , but does not know their material and improvises ; Ramses finds Ignacio 's performance annoying and ousts him . Attending the party causes Ignacio to fall behind on his responsibilities to the orphans , for which he angrily blames Steven , who retaliates by declaring he hates all orphans ; they acrimoniously end their partnership .
Ignacio 's secret is revealed to the entire monastery when his robe catches fire during mass , exposing his wrestling costume and forcing him to admit that he is a luchador . He declares that he intends to fight at a battle royale for the right to take on Ramses for a cash prize , which he will use to buy a bus for the orphans . During the match , wrestler Silencio ultimately emerges the victor after defeating Ignacio , who comes in second place . Ignacio is banished from the monastery , so he goes to live in the `` wilderness '' , which is actually very close to the nearby village .
The next morning , Steven comes to tell him that Silencio has been injured and can not fight , and that as the second-place finisher , Ignacio now has the right to fight Ramses ; Ignacio and Steven agree to team up again . That night , Ignacio sends a message to Encarnación , explaining his plan and confessing his love to her .
Ignacio overcomes difficulty and manages to do well in the match , winning the crowd 's support , but Ramses cheats and nearly wins until Ignacio sees Encarnación enter the arena with the orphans . Inspired by their support , Nacho rallies himself and defeats Ramses with a diving technique .
Ignacio becomes a professional wrestler and eventually manages to buy a bus for the orphans with his prize money ; he then takes the orphans , Steven , and Sister Encarnación on a field trip to Monte Albán built by the Zapotec civilization . Ignacio , by now , has earned Encarnación 's favor , as demonstrated by her signs of encouragement and his somewhat awkward acknowledgment thereof .
Cast
Jack Black as Ignacio/Nacho , a Oaxaca monastery cook who dreams of becoming a luchador
Troy Gentile as Young Ignacio
Ana de la Reguera as Sister Encarnación , a nun at the monastery
Héctor Jiménez as Steven/Esqueleto , Ignacio 's tag partner
Silver King as Ramses , the luchador champion and Ignacio 's idol
Carla Jimenez as Cándida , a portly woman who tries to court Steven at the luchador 's party
Richard Montoya as Guillermo
Enrique Muñoz as Señor Ramon , Ramses ' manager
Moisés Arias as Juan Pablo
Donald Chambers as Silencio , one of the wrestlers who defeat Nacho but is disqualified when Esqueleto runs over him , injuring his foot
Darius Rose as Chancho
Peter Stormare as Emperor , the local magic-man who claims that eating eagle eggs will give Ignachio the eagle 's power
Diego Eduardo Gomez as Chuy
Human Tornado as El Snowflake , one of the luchadors who faces Nacho
Mascarita Dorada as one of Los Duendes
Production
Black was a fan of the film Napoleon Dynamite and its director Jared Hess , and the two met in Los Angeles to discuss collaborating . Black was drawn to Hess ' idea of a man of the Lord secretly living a life of violence via his love of lucha libre wrestling . While filming , Black sustained a gash on his eye after diving out of the wrestling ring during a stunt . He was rushed to the hospital but was able to continue filming . The film was shot entirely in Oaxaca , Mexico .
Music
Director Jared Hess originally wanted musical artist Beck to be behind the soundtrack for the film . Beck , being a fan of Hess , accepted . However , Paramount Pictures did not think Beck 's style fit the movie , so composer Danny Elfman was brought in to replace him . Elfman then wrote a full score and recorded it in May 2006 . However , only about 2/3 of Elfman 's score ended up in the movie ( with one of the songs , Ramses Suite , appearing in the released soundtrack ) . Due to how much of Elfman 's music filled the film , Elfman 's representatives asked that Elfman be the only person credited for the film 's score . Hess caught wind of this and would not allow the studio to remove Beck from the credits . When finding that he would not have the only music credit , Elfman told Paramount to remove his name from the film . An agreement was eventually reached where both Beck and Elfman were credited for their respective parts of the score . However , Elfman appears with sole credit in the official billing block on promotional material .
Soundtrack
The track listing for the official soundtrack to Nacho Libre . The soundtrack was released October 24 , 2006
Hombre Religioso ( Religious Man ) - Mister Loco
`` A Nice Pile-Drive to the Face '' ( dialogue ) - Jack Black
Move , Move , Move - Alan Hawkshaw and Alan Parker
Papas - Mister Loco
Piel Canela ( Singing at the Party ) - Jack Black with Ismael Garcia Ruiz y Su Trio
Ramses Suite - Danny Elfman
`` All the Orphans in the World '' ( dialogue ) - Jack Black and Héctor Jiménez
There is No Place in This World for Me - Beck
`` I 'm Serious '' ( dialogue ) - Jack Black
10,000 Pesos - Beck
Irene - Caetano Veloso
Pump a Jam ( Ramses ) - Cholotronic
Black is Black - Eddie Santiago
Half Forgotten Daydreams - John Cameron
Encarnación - Jack Black
Tender Beasts of the Spangled Night - Beck
Saint Behind the Glass - Los Lobos
`` Beneath the Clothes We Find the Man ... '' ( dialogue ) - Jack Black
Forbidden Nectar - Jack Black and Mucho Macho Acapulco
Some songs that were not included on the soundtrack , but were in the movie , are `` Mucha Muchacha '' by Esquivel , `` Bubblegum '' by Mister Loco , `` Holy Man '' by Beck , `` Bat Macumba '' by Os Mutantes , and “ La Llorona Loca ” by Little Joe and the Latinaires .
Release and reception
The release date was originally set for May 2006 , but was changed by Paramount to avoid competition from 20th Century Fox 's X-Men : The Last Stand and one of Paramount 's other films , Mission : Impossible III . It was then placed between the releases of Disney/Pixar 's Cars ( June 9 ) and Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures ' Superman Returns ( June 28 ) . It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 24 , 2006 . It was distributed in Switzerland , Spain , and the Netherlands by Universal Pictures .
During its opening weekend , Nacho Libre grossed $ 28,309,599 , opening at # 2 behind Cars second weekend . The total domestic box office stands at $ 80,197,993 and a worldwide total of $ 99,255,460 .
The film received mixed reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approving rating of 40 % based on 166 reviews , with an average rating of 5.1/10 . The website 's critical consensus states : `` At times hilarious , but other times offensive , director Jared Hess is unable to recapture the collective charisma of his Napoleon Dynamite characters , and instead , relies on a one-joke concept that runs out of steam . Sure to entertain the adolescents , however '' . Metacritic gave the film a score of 52 out of 100 , based on 36 reviews , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' . Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of `` B+ '' on an A+ to F scale .
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times wrote : `` it takes some doing to make a Jack Black comedy that does n't work , but Nacho Libre does it '' . Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle thought the comedy was `` hit and miss , with good bits interrupted by dead patches '' . Manohla Dargis of The New York Times gave it a positive review and called it `` endearingly ridiculous '' .
Video game
A video game adaptation of the film was published by Majesco Entertainment and was released for the Nintendo DS . It is a cartoon-style wrestling game based upon the film .
Possible sequel
In November 2006 , Jack Black , when asked , expressed his interest in a sequel : `` I sure hope so , I love working with Jared . I think it 's a good bet that we 'll collaborate on something again . Mike had an idea that it would be Nacho goes to Japan , we 'll see though . '' However , Jared Hess ( who directed the original movie ) revealed in October 2009 that Paramount had never approached him about doing a sequel to Nacho Libre , though he said he would `` love to work with Black again '' .
Notes
References
External links
2006 films
2000s buddy films
2000s sports comedy films
American buddy films
American sports comedy films
2000s English-language films
Films scored by Danny Elfman
Films about orphans
Films about religion
Films directed by Jared Hess
Films set in Mexico
Films shot in California
Films shot in Mexico
Films with screenplays by Mike White
Lucha libre films
Nickelodeon Movies films
Paramount Pictures films
Professional wrestling films
Sport wrestling films
2006 comedy films
American children 's comedy films
2000s children 's comedy films
Hispanic and Latino American comedy films
2000s American films
Shadow Keep is a role-playing video game created in 1991 by Glenn Seemann . The black and white Macintosh game takes place in a fictional kingdom with the player beginning just outside the castle . The plot of the game involves recovering the Ankh stolen from the Temple of Life by the Evil One .
The main quest involves traveling to the Far Land through the Labyrinth to get the Black Sword to defeat the Evil One , though there are numerous side quests to obtain items that are instrumental in accomplishing this . The gameplay is non linear , with the player left to explore the large world . Unlike many modern games , it is possible to kill characters who are needed to advance the plotline . Any creature encountered in the game may be spoken to , though conversation attempts with hostile characters will be ignored .
See also
Shadowkeep , an earlier text adventure and role-playing game , released in 1984 by Telarium Corporation and co-written by Alan Dean Foster .
References
1991 video games
Classic Mac OS-only games
Classic macOS games
Role-playing video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in castles
Chatham County ( ) is located in the U.S. state of Georgia , on the state 's Atlantic coast . The county seat and largest city is Savannah . One of the original counties of Georgia , Chatham County was created February 5 , 1777 , and is named after William Pitt , 1st Earl of Chatham .
The U.S. Census Bureau 's official 2020 population for Chatham County was 295,291 residents . This was an increase of 11.4 % from the official 2010 population of 265,128 residents . Chatham is the sixth most populous county in Georgia , and the most populous Georgia county outside the Atlanta metropolitan area . Chatham is the core county of the Savannah metropolitan area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which ( 32.6 % ) is covered by water .
Chatham County is the northernmost of Georgia 's coastal counties on the Atlantic Ocean . It is bounded on the northeast by the Savannah River , and in the southwest bounded by the Ogeechee River .
The bulk of Chatham County , an area with a northern border in a line from Bloomingdale to Tybee Island , is located in the Ogeechee River Coastal subbasin of the Ogeechee River basin . The portion of the county north of that line is located in the lower Savannah River subbasin of the Savannah River basin , while the very southern fringes of the Chatham County are located in the lower Ogeechee River subbasin of the Ogeechee River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 16
Interstate 95
Interstate 516
U.S. Route 17
U.S. Route 80
State Route 17
State Route 21
State Route 21 Spur
State Route 25
State Route 26
State Route 26 Connector
State Route 30
State Route 204
State Route 204 Spur
State Route 307
State Route 404 ( unsigned designation for I-16 )
State Route 404 Spur
State Route 405 ( unsigned designation for I-95 )
State Route 421 ( unsigned designation for I-516 )
Savannah River Parkway
Adjacent counties
Jasper County , South Carolina – northeast
Bryan County – west/southwest
Liberty County - southeast
Effingham County – northwest
National protected areas
Fort Pulaski National Monument
Savannah National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Wassaw National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 295,291 people , 107,987 households , and 65,889 families residing in the county .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , 265,128 people , 103,038 households , and 64,613 families were residing in the county . The population density was . There were 119,323 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 52.8 % White , 40.1 % African American , 2.4 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 2.3 % from other races , and 2.1 % from two or more races . Hispanics or Latinos made up 5.4 % of the population . In ancestry , 9.8 % were Irish , 8.7 % were English , 7.9 % were German , and 4.6 % were American .
Of the 103,038 households , 31.3 % had children under 18 living with them , 41.0 % were married couples living together , 17.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , 37.3 % were not families ; 28.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.45 , and the average family size was 3.03 . The median age was 34.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,928 and for a family was $ 54,933 . Males had a median income of $ 42,239 versus $ 31,778 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 25,397 . About 11.6 % of families and 16.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.4 % of those under age 18 and 10.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Public schools are operated by Savannah-Chatham County Public Schools . The entire county is in the district .
Libraries
The Live Oak Public Libraries constitute a regional library system that provides services to three Georgia counties : Chatham , Effingham , and Liberty . The former name of the system–the Chatham , Effingham , and Liberty County Public Libraries–described this collaboration . In 2002 , the name was changed to Live Oak , which reflects the personality of the region , as well as the life and growth of its branches .
At the beginning of the 20th century , city leaders in Savannah began to discuss the need for a public library . The history of libraries in Chatham County dates to 1903 . According to Geraldine LeMay , former director of the Savannah Public Chatham-Effingham and Liberty Regional Library , the Georgia Historical Society and the city of Savannah worked out a plan that year to establish the Savannah Public Library . The idea was the brainchild of the Georgia Historical Society , which set up a planning committee to determine how the facilities of the society might best be useful to the city of Savannah . In a joint meeting of committee members from the society and the city of Savannah , a free public library was established that would prove to be of great value to the community . This library , however , did not serve citizens of color .
Government and infrastructure
The Coastal State Prison , a Georgia Department of Corrections state prison , is located in Savannah , near Garden City .
Chatham County is primarily served by the Chatham County Police Department ( CCPD ) and the Georgia State Patrol . The Chatham County Sheriff 's Office is the enforcement arm of the county court system and operates the county jail . The department was formed on January 1 , 2005 , when the separate Savannah Police Department and Chatham County Police merged .
Communities
Municipalities
Cities
Bloomingdale
Garden City
Pooler
Port Wentworth
Savannah
Tybee Island
Towns
Thunderbolt
Vernonburg
Census-designated places
Dutch Island
Georgetown
Henderson
Isle of Hope
Montgomery
Skidaway Island
Talahi Island
Whitemarsh Island
Wilmington Island
Other unincorporated communities
Pin Point
Sandfly
Politics
Chatham County was one of the earliest counties in Georgia to turn Republican and shake off its Solid South roots . From 1952 to 2000 , the county went Republican all but four times . Hubert Humphrey carried it by 95 votes in 1968 . Jimmy Carter won a majority in both of his runs for president , and in 1996 , Bill Clinton became the first non-Georgian Democrat to win a majority since Humphrey .
The county has voted majority Democratic in every presidential election since 2004 , when John Kerry carried it by fewer than 150 votes . It swung dramatically to support Barack Obama in 2008 , making Obama only the second non-Georgian Democrat to win a majority of the county 's vote since Humphrey . Since then , Chatham has tended to vote substantially more for the Democratic Party at the presidential level than the state as a whole . In the last four presidential elections , the Democrats have recorded the biggest margins for a non-Georgian Democrat since Roosevelt 's landslides . This culminated in 2020 , when Joe Biden took 58.6 % of the vote , outdoing Carter 's 57 % in 1976 . Since 2008 , it has been one of the most Democratic urban counties in the state outside of the Atlanta area , and one of the few Democratic pockets in mostly heavily Republican South Georgia . It is primarily an urban county , especially in its principal city of Savannah .
See also
Georgia Senate , District 2
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chatham County , Georgia
References
External links
Official web site
Documents from Chatham County at the Digital Library of Georgia
1777 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1777
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Savannah metropolitan area
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Mount Robert Scott ( ) is a small , flat , snow-covered mountain that rises over 1,000 m and is situated immediately south of Ebony Ridge in the Commonwealth Range . It is lying between Mount Harcourt and Mount Kathleen and overlooking the east side of the Beardmore Glacier at its junction with the Ross Ice Shelf .
It was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907–09 ) under Ernest Shackleton , who named this feature for Captain Robert F. Scott , RN . Shackleton had been a member of Scott 's Southern Polar Party which reached 8217S on the Discovery expedition ( 1901–04 ) .
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Maurice , Baron Gilliams ( Antwerp , 20 July 1900-Antwerp , 18 October 1982 ) was a Flemish writer and poet .
Life and work
Gilliams was the son of printer Frans Gilliams , and he learned to be a typographer . On 27 August 1935 , he married Gabriëlle Baelemans , but they separated soon thereafter , although a divorce would not take place until 1976 due to the resistance of Gabriëlle . On 26 April 1976 he married Maria Eliza Antonia de Raeymaekers .
He worked for the company of his father and he lectured on typography at the Vakschool voor Kunstambachten of Roger Avermaete in Antwerp . In 1947 , he became a member of the Koninklijke Academie voor Nederlandse Taal- en Letterkunde of which he became director in 1954 . In September 1955 , he started working as scientific librarian of the Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten in Antwerp . From 1960 until 1975 , he was secretary of the Koninklijke Vlaamse Academie voor Taal- en Letterkunde in Ghent .
His breakthrough as writer came with his autobiographical novel Elias of het gevecht met de nachtegalen ( E : Elias or the fighting with the nightingales ) at the age of 35 .
Maurice Gilliams always wrote autobiographical , generally concerning his failed marriage and his lost youth . He wrote both to poems and prose . After his death the Maurice Gilliamsprijs was established . In the garden of the Elzenveld in Antwerp stands a statue of him by Rik Poot .
Bibliography ( English transl . )
Maurice Gilliams : Elias , or the struggle with the nightingales . Translated by André Lefevere . Los Angeles , Sun & Moon Press , 1995 .
Maurice Gilliams : The bottle at sea . The complete poems . Translation & introd . by Marian de Vooght . København , Green Integer , 2006 .
Collected works , Vita Brevis ( 1975 ) .
Awards
1969 - Constantijn Huygensprijs for his entire oeuvre
1972 - Driejaarlijkse Staatsprijs for his career as a writer
1980 - Doctor honoris causa at the University of Ghent
1980 - Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren
See also
Flemish literature
References
Sources
Maurice Gilliams ( Pandora ) ( in Dutch )
Maurice Gilliams ( Mysitehome ) ( in Dutch )
Maurice Gilliams ( Kunstbus ) ( in Dutch )
Elias of het gevecht met de nachtegalen ( Parels uit de DBNL ) ( in Dutch )
1900 births
1982 deaths
Flemish writers
Barons of Belgium
Constantijn Huygens Prize winners
Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren winners
Belgian typographers and type designers
Tor remadevii , the orange-finned mahseer , also known as the hump-backed mahseer , is a critically endangered species of freshwater fish endemic to the Western Ghats of India . It is restricted to the Kaveri river basin .
It can be distinguished from other mahseer from the prominent hump on its back , and its bright orange caudal fin . It is considered a high-quality game fish , and has been proclaimed by anglers as `` the largest and hardest fighting freshwater fish in the world '' . The reason for the species ' endangerment is the introduction of a non-native `` blue-finned mahseer '' ( generally considered to be Tor khudree , though the `` blue-finned mahseer '' 's classification is under scrutiny as it actually may be a different , undescribed species ) to the Kaveri river basin . Also endangering this species is the heavy construction of dams along the Cauvery , as well as the use of dynamite fishing . These have led to a heavy crash in mahseer populations since 2004 . Despite this endangered status , general lack of a formal scientific name has hampered efforts to protect species . However , a 2018 study found out that the orange-finned mahseer was in fact conspecific with Tor remadevii , a little-known species identified in 2007 based on a single juvenile individual from the Pambar River . This has allowed the species to finally gain a scientific name , which may help conservation efforts .
Gallery
References
Cyprinidae
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Freshwater fish of India
Endemic fauna of the Western Ghats
Taxa named by B. Madhusoodana Kurup
Taxa named by Kizhakke Veetil Radhakrishnan
Fish described in 2007
Many passenger trains ( usually medium and long-distance ) have toilet facilities , often at the ends of carriages . Toilets suitable for wheelchair users are larger , and hence trains with such facilities may not have toilets in each carriage .
Hopper toilet
The traditional method of disposing human waste from trains is to deposit the waste onto the tracks or , more often , onto nearby ground using what is known as a hopper toilet . This ranges from a hole in the floor to a full-flush system ( possibly with sterilization ) . The hole in the floor ( also known as a drop chute toilet or direct flush toilet ) system is still in use in many parts of the world , particularly on older rolling stock . The principal disadvantage is that it can be considered crude or unhygienic and dangerous to health and the environment – it litters the railway lines and can convey serious health risks when the train passes over or under a navigable waterway . Passengers may be discouraged from flushing or using toilets while the train is at a station or standing at a red signal . To enforce this limitation , toilets may be automatically locked when the train pulls into a station or stops at a red signal . In the United States , railway employees were required to lock the toilets closed whenever a passenger train stood in a station or at any other location designated by instructions in the timetable . Toilets would promptly be unlocked upon departure .
Properly-designed drop chute toilets will draw air like a chimney , pulling air through the lavatory door vents and down and out through the toilet , reducing odor . Hopper toilets are similar to old-fashioned sea toilets in that they release the excreta directly to the environment , untreated .
In the United States , Amtrak phased out its use of these toilets in the 1980s after waste from a Silver Meteor train crossing the St. Johns River in Florida , between Palatka and DeLand , landed on a fisherman who filed a lawsuit .
In the UK , at the end of 2019 , hopper toilets on timetabled passenger services remained in use . A plan to protect all rail workers and reduce public health risks was delayed with several operators applying for waivers .
In 2021 , Indian Railways completed the phaseout of drop chute toilets , replacing them with indigenously developed bio-toilets . Apart from improving hygiene , the phaseout will save Indian Railways 4 billion rupees annually , due to the elimination of corrosion on the rails caused by human waste . They were replaced with bio-vacuum toilets , which use bacteria to decompose human waste , fulfilling a phaseout pledge made in 2010 .
Chemical holding tank
Chemical holding tanks ( retention tanks ) are usually included on newer carriages and railcars in wealthier and more densely populated parts of the world . One issue is that the tanks need to be regularly emptied , often at a terminal station or prolonged stop-over . If a train needs to be used again quickly , the tanks may not get emptied . In this case , toilets may back up , which can result in toilets being closed .
Vacuum toilet
Vacuum systems used in the newest carriages are similar to those in airliners : waste is pulled into a holding tank with a high pressure pump . Their disadvantages are the same as of chemical holding tanks , in addition they require stable power supply for working , and flushing of anything else but water and human waste ( e.g . toilet paper ) can easily break the pump .
Composting toilet
Some trains may have composting toilet tanks , which use bacterial action to break down solid and liquid waste . Only the broken down clean liquid is released to the trackbed after sterilisation . The solid waste only has to be emptied every half year . This type of toilet is in use in some trains in the Netherlands and Switzerland .
Cultural references
In the United States , Dvořák 's tune `` Humoresque Number 7 '' became the setting for a series of mildly scatological humorous verses , regarding passenger train toilets , beginning :
In The Good Soldier Svejk , author Jaroslav Hašek used hypocatastasis to indicate the fruit of hopper toilets , while conveying soldiers ' envy and contempt for their general officer :
A popular Russian internet running joke and one of the most popular Yandex search requests is `` what would happen if you dropped a crowbar into a train toilet at full speed ? ''
Gallery
See also
Accessible toilet
Aircraft lavatory
References
External links
Passenger rail transport
Toilets
Lucien Eugène Prévost ( 29 June 1863 – 26 November 1961 ) was a French cyclist who won the first edition of Paris–Tours in 1896 . He also rode in the 1904 Tour de France , but dropped out on the first stage .
References
External links
French male cyclists
1863 births
1961 deaths
Nakasato may refer to :
Places
Nakasato , Aomori , town located in Kitatsugaru District in western Aomori Prefecture , Japan
Nakasato , Niigata , village located in Nakauonuma District , Niigata Prefecture , Japan
Nakasato Station ( Iwate ) , railway station on the Iwaizumi Line in Miyako , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East )
Nakasato Station ( Nagano ) , railway station on the Koumi Line , East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) , in Nagatoro in the city of Saku , Nagano
Tsugaru-Nakasato Station , railway station on the Tsugaru Railway Company 's Tsugaru Railway Line located in the town of Nakadomari , Aomori Prefecture , Japan
People with the surname
, Japanese politician
, Japanese women 's footballer
See also
Nakazato ( disambiguation )
Japanese-language surnames
Countess Jutta von Sponheim ( 22 December 1091 – 1136 ) was the youngest of four noblewomen who were born into affluent surroundings in what is currently the Rhineland-Palatinate . She was the daughter of Count Stephen of Spanheim .
Jutta , instead of entering the convent at an early age , became an `` anchoress , '' a symbolic `` anchor '' for the world to God , and thus she closed herself for life in a one-room shelter , with only a small window through which food was passed in , and refused to be taken out . This hut was next to the Benedictine monastery on Disibodenberg , where she was abbess . She tutored several female pupils from wealthy families and they lived with her in her hermitage . She taught and raised them all , but most notably the child Hildegard of Bingen .
On the Day of All Saints , 1 November 1112 , Hildegard was given over as an oblate into the care of Jutta of Sponheim , who was only six years Hildegard 's elder . Jutta was also related to Marchioness Richardis of Stade , the mother of Hartwig , Archbishop of Bremen and of Richardis , who was intimate friends with Hildegard .
Jutta taught Hildegard to write ; to read the collection of psalms used in the liturgy ; and to chant the Opus Dei ( ‘ work of God ' ) , the weekly sequential recitation of the Canonical hours . She probably also taught Hildegard to play the zither-like string instrument called the psaltery .
Jutta was a severe practitioner of asceticism , including penitential self-flagellation . She wore a chain under her clothes , prayed barefoot in the extreme cold of a German winter , and refused the allowed ( and even encouraged ) modifications to the Benedictine diet for those who were sick .
As an adult , Hildegard would teach moderation . Hildegard succeeded Jutta upon her death in 1136 . Hildegard 's other well-known teacher is the monk Volmar .
Literature
: Reform und Reformgruppen im Erzbistum Mainz . Vom 'Libellus de Willigisi consuetudinibus ' zur 'Vita domnae Juttae inclusae ' , Anhang II . In : Quellen und Abhandlungen zur mittelrheinischen Kirchengeschichte Bd . 68 : Reformidee und Reformpolitik im spätsalisch-frühstaufischen Reich… , 1992 , pp . 172 ff
External links
staff.uni-mainz.de
1091 births
1136 deaths
German countesses
Benedictine nuns
12th-century German nuns
Lanškroun Ponds Nature Park ( ) is a nature park in Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic . It includes the Lanškroun Ponds Nature Reserve .
Location
Lanškroun Ponds Nature Park is located mostly in the municipal territory of Lanškroun , northwestern of the town . The nature park also extends into the territory of municipalities Ostrov and Rudoltice .
Description
The nature park has an area of , out of which are the ponds .
The nature park is formed by set of seven fish ponds on the Ostrovský Stream and their surroundings : Krátký , Dlouhý , Olšový , Pšeničkův , Plockův , Slunečný and Ostrovský . Part of the nature park is also the area around the Zadní Stream which flows in the territory into the Ostrovský Stream . The northernmost ponds , Pšeničkův and Olšový , and the closest area around the Zadní Stream are protected as a nature reserve .
History
The history of pond farming started here in 1433 . Dlouhý pond was founded before 1464 as the first pond in the set . The last was founded Slunečný pond in 1965 . The nature park was established in 1990 .
Use
The nature park was established as a place for relaxation and sports activities , and also for biological and aesthetic preservation . Krátky and Slunečný are used for fishing . Dlouhý is the largest pond and is used for recreational purposes . It is a natural swimming pool with the possibility of yachting and windsurfing . An educational path leads through the nature park .
Protection
The area of Lanškroun Ponds is an important nesting place for migratory birds . The common snipe , little bittern , white and black stork , water rail , osprey , great reed warbler and many duck species are among the endangered birds who nest in the area . The area is also home to European crayfish , alpine newt , European and green toad , European tree frog and other species of amphibians . The flora is typical for damp areas and includes the yellow iris , white water lilly , western marsh orchid , spring snowflake and other species .
References
Nature reserves in the Czech Republic
Ústí nad Orlicí District
Janet Banana ( Mbuyazwe ; 1938 – 29 July 2021 ) was a Zimbabwean teacher who became First Lady of Zimbabwe . She was married to the country 's first President , Canaan Banana , from 1961 until his death in 2003 , and she served as the first First Lady of Zimbabwe from 1980 until 1987 . In 2000 , she sought asylum in the United Kingdom , where she became a citizen and remained until returning to Zimbabwe in 2019 .
Biography
Early life
Janet Mbuyazwe was born in 1938 into a family of farmers in the southern Matabeleland region of Zimbabwe during the years that it was a part of the Crown colony of Southern Rhodesia . When she became an adult , she chose to become a teacher and it was during this career that she first met Canaan Banana , who was also a teacher at the time . They married in 1961 and had four children . Her husband later left teaching to attend a theological college in order to become a minister in the Methodist church and the family moved several times to different churches for Canaan to provide religious service . However , when the Rhodesian independence movement began political action , Banana 's husband decided to join the political sector as well and the United African National Council . But government arrests of UANC members led to the Banana family fleeing the country and not returning to the newly formed Rhodesia until 1975 while the Rhodesian Bush War was still ongoing .
Time as First Lady
Canaan Banana became President of Zimbabwe in 1980 and Janet became First Lady of Zimbabwe . She found the position exciting , both for her role in building the future of the country and for the position among international elite she now occupied , invited to attend events like the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer . But it was also lonely , and she missed her family and familiar food , in a State House still staffed by employees hired to cook British food for Ian Smith . As First Lady and afterwards , she acted as an outspoken promoter of women 's rights and racial integration in Zimbabwe . A conference for women hosted by the Methodist church in Bulawayo in 1987 had Banana speaking out on the segregated nature of the Methodist church in the country , including how that very women 's organization had two branches largely divided on racial lines that she referred to as `` mini-apartheids '' .
Later life
After seven years , Canaan Banana was removed from the office of President following a constitutional amendment that instated Prime Minister Robert Mugabe . In the 1990s , her husband faced criminal charges for sodomy and Banana and her daughter sought political asylum in the United Kingdom in October 2000 . She was awarded British citizenship in 2006 , and took the oath of allegiance on 10 February 2006 at a ceremony in the London Borough of Haringey in front of the Mayor of Haringey . After Mugabe resigned in 2017 , Banana made a statement hoping that his successor , Emmerson Mnangagwa , would have a `` Damascene conversion , like St Paul '' and turn away from the evils of Mugabe 's government and the ethnic cleansing of the Gukurahundi . Despite her term as First Lady , Janet Banana did not receive a pension from either Mugabe or Mnangagwa . She later received her spousal pension after her return to Zimbabwe after 18 years in the United Kingdom . She returned to live in Bulawayo in 2019 .
Janet Banana died on 29 July 2021 at Bulawayo 's Mater Dei Hospital .
References
External links
B.B.C . ( British Broadcasting Co. – Woman 's Hour – Janet Banana
1938 births
2021 deaths
First Ladies of Zimbabwe
Zimbabwean emigrants to the United Kingdom
Zimbabwean exiles
Suyundyukovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Urmanayevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 147 as of 2010 . There are 3 streets .
Geography
Suyundyukovo is located 43 km southwest of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Urmanayevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The Revista Latinoamericana de Química is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry . The first issue was published in 1970 and the journal appeared irregular thereafter .
Chemistry journals
Publications established in 1970
Nephopterix nocticolorella is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix . It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887 . It is found in the Russian Far East ( it was described from the Amur region ) .
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitini
The Apple Tape Backup 40SC is an external , SCSI-interfaced , QIC , mini-cartridge tape drive . It was first introduced by Apple Inc. in 1987 and discontinued in 1994 . The drive came bundled with Retrospect backup software . The drive is also compatible with the tape software included with A/UX .
Technical specifications
Recording media : Industry-standard , DC 2000 QIC mini-cartridge .
Formatted capacity : 38.5 megabytes .
Block size : 8,192 bytes .
Transfer rate : 1.25 megabyte per second .
Interface : SCSI . Connected directly to Macintosh Plus , Macintosh SE or Macintosh II via a 50-pin SCSI port or to a compatible hard disk drive .
Volume backup time : Approximately 17–18 minutes per 20 megabytes .
See also
List of Apple drives
References
External links
Service manual
Macintosh peripherals
Apple Inc. peripherals
Products introduced in 1987
Tape-based computer storage
Chukku is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by M. O. Joseph . The film stars Madhu , Sheela , Adoor Bhasi and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Madhu as Chackochan
Sheela as Molly
Adoor Bhasi as Mathayichan
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Paulochan
Sankaradi as Kammath
Bahadoor as Anthony
Kuttyedathi Vilasini as Mary
Master Raghu
Reena
Sujatha as Clara
Vanchiyoor Radha as Chackochan 's Mother
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
GNJ may refer to :
GainJet Aviation
Greater New Jersey Conference
The 1982 Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team was an American football team that represented the University of Texas at Arlington in the Southland Conference during the 1982 NCAA Division I-AA football season . In their ninth year under head coach Harold Elliott , the team compiled a 3–8 record .
Schedule
Roster
References
Texas–Arlington
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football seasons
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
The Southern Nigeria Regiment was a British colonial regiment which operated in Nigeria in the early part of the 20th century .
The Regiment was formed out of the Niger Coast Protectorate Force and part of the Royal Niger Constabulary . The Lagos Battalion or Hausa Force was absorbed into the Regiment in May 1906 and became the Regiment 's second battalion .
On 1 January 1914 the Southern Nigeria Regiment 's two battalions were merged with those of the Northern Nigeria Regiment to become simply the Nigeria Regiment .
The regiment contributed most of the British troops during the Aro-Anglo war November 1901 to March 1902 .
Commanding officers
The following had command of the Regiment :
21 September 1896 Captain C H P Carter , Royal Scots ( Brevet Major from 1 January 1900 )
12 February 1901 Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Forbes Montanaro , Royal Artillery
Summer 1904 to summer 1905 , Major H M Trenchard ( acting )
3 August 1905 Brevet Major H C Moorhouse , Royal Artillery
Spring 1907 to 1910 , Lieutenant Colonel H M Trenchard , Royal Scots Fusiliers
25 September 1911 Major F H Cunliffe Middlesex Regiment
See also
Hugh Trenchard in Nigeria
Notes
British colonial regiments
Regiments of Nigeria
History of Nigeria
Military units and formations disestablished in 1914
Colonial Nigeria
Jeffrey Spieler was born in 1945 . He received his bachelor 's degree from the University of Florida in 1967 . Spieler is currently the Senior Advisor for Science and Technology in Population and Reproductive Health for the United States Agency for International Development .
References
Info about Jeffrey Spieler on US State Department website
USAID article about Spieler
Research Article by Spieler
1945 births
Living people
University of Florida alumni
People from Florida
João II Nzuzi a Ntamba was a ruler of Lemba and was one of the main Kinlaza claimants to the throne of the Kingdom of Kongo during its civil war , the other being the King of Kibangu . He ruled the Kingdom of Lemba from 1680 to 1716 .
Rule
After the assassination of Pedro III by the King of Mbamba Lovata , Manuel de Nóbrega , João was the next in line , as his younger brother . Once he ascended to the throne of Lemba , João worked tirelessly to try and bring the other Kinlaza stronghold kingdom of Kibangu under his rule as well , but never this was never achieved . After the members of the Antonianism religious sect were defeated in the Battle of São Salvador , they fled to Lemba and attempted to gain the support of João . As Pedro IV had recently re-established himself as the King of Kongo by conquering São Salvador , João declined to recognise him and continued his claim to the kingdom and decided to march his armies down to face King Pedro . This culminated in the Battle of Mbula on October 4 , 1709 , ending in a victory for Pedro . João retreated back to Lemba after the battle and this left Pedro as the de facto Manikongo , despite João never dropping his claim until his death in 1716 , when the Kingdom of Lemba came back into Kongo .
References
Kingdom of Kongo
1716 deaths
Year of birth missing
The 2012–13 Chiapas season was the 66th professional season of Mexico 's top-flight football league and Jaguares de Chiapas final season in the Liga MX . The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams . Chiapas began their season on July 20 , 2012 against UANL , Chiapas played their homes games on Fridays at 7:30pm local time . Chiapas did not qualify to the final phase in either the Apertura or Clausura tournament .
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Apertura 2012 Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
Chiapas did not qualify to the Final Phase
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2013 Copa MX
Group stage
Clausura results
Knockout stage
Goalscorers
Results by round
Notes
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir , Turkey , from August 22–31 , 2014 . The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age , referred to as masters athletics .
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
5000 metres
4x100 metres relay
High jump
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
The Jacko hoax was a Canadian newspaper story about a gorilla supposedly caught near Yale , British Columbia in 1884 . The story , titled `` What is it ? , A strange creature captured above Yale . A British Columbia Gorilla '' , appeared in the British Columbia newspaper the Daily Colonist on July 4 , 1884 . The original newspaper article describes `` Jacko '' as a gorilla and not a Sasquatch . However , the `` Jacko '' story has been used by Bigfoot advocates as evidence for the existence of Sasquatch . Many books about Bigfoot and cryptids have featured the event and cite the original newspaper article . In 2008 Michael Cremo discussed the story as possible proof for the existence of Sasquatch . The `` Jacko '' story was featured on the A & E television documentary series Ancient Mysteries about Bigfoot , season 4 , episode 18 narrated by Leonard Nimoy . The story was also mentioned on the Bigfoot episode of the television series In Search Of ... , season 1 , episode 5 , also narrated by Nimoy . The Jacko story was mentioned in a 1976 documentary called The Mysterious Monsters .
Loren Coleman explained in 2003 how this story achieved its popularity : `` During the 1950s , a news reporter named Bruce McKelvie found the article about Jacko . McKelvie shared the Jacko account with Sasquatch researchers John Green and René Dahinden . McKelvie told them that this was the only record of the event due to a fire that had destroyed other area newspapers at the time The story 's appearance in Ivan T. Sanderson 's 1961 Abominable Snowman : Legend Come to Life propelled the Jacko story into history . ''
Loren Coleman continued , `` John Green continued digging and finally found two important articles that threw [ skeptical ] light on the whole affair . Green wrote of [ f ] the Jacko story as a piece of probable journalistic fiction in Pursuit in 1975 . '' But by then the story had taken on a life of its own . Combatting this , the writer Joe Nickell cited the Mainland Guardians dismissal of the case ( below ) as a hoax .
Here are the two skeptical articles in question . On July 9 , 1884 , the Mainland Guardian newspaper in New Westminster , British Columbia stated `` that no such animal was caught , and how the Colonist was duped in such a manner , and by such a story , is strange . '' On July 11 , 1884 , the newspaper British Columbian reported that about 200 people went to view `` Jacko '' at the jail where he was supposedly kept , but the people found only a man at the jail who fielded questions about a creature that did not exist .
Anthropologist and Bigfoot enthusiast Grover Krantz suggests that Jacko was purchased by P. T. Barnum and exhibited as Jo-Jo the Dog-Faced Boy . Photos of Jo-Jo between 1884 and 1885 indicate Jo-Jo was replaced . However , Bigfoot researcher Chad Arment claims that Jo-Jo was not Jacko , as Jo-Jo could speak many languages and could write his name according to an article in The New York Times , October 13 , 1884 .
References
Further reading
Christopher L. Murphy , Barry G. Blount , Yale & the Strange Story of Jacko the Ape-Boy ( Surrey BC : Hancock House Publishers LTD. , 2011 )
Bigfoot
Hoaxes in Canada
Canadian folklore
Culture of British Columbia
The University of Veterinary Sciences Brno ( , abbreviated VFU or VETUNI ) is a public university located in Brno , Czech Republic .
In 2020 , its Pharmaceutical Faculty was transferred to Masaryk University , and the reference to pharmacy was subsequently removed from the university 's name in 2021 ,
Universities in the Czech Republic
Educational institutions established in 1918
Education in Brno
Organizations based in Brno
Buildings and structures in Brno
1918 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Cory Blackwell ( born March 27 , 1963 ) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the second round ( 28th pick overall ) of the 1984 NBA draft . A 6 ' 6 '' forward from the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Blackwell appeared in only one NBA season , playing for the Sonics during the 1984–85 season , appearing in 60 games and scoring a total of 202 points . He has been a minister for the International Churches of Christ and is a Middle East World Sector Leader ( overseeing minister ) for the International Christian Churches . He will also begin serving as an Evangelist for their Chicago congregation .
Personal life
Cory Blackwell was born in Chicago . He was raised Sunni Muslim by his mother , Wazirah . After attending Crane Technical High School , located in the westside of Chicago , he was accepted into the University of Wisconsin . He played on the school 's basketball team and was later drafted into the NBA .
After his time in the NBA , Blackwell lived in Chicago . Later on he and his then wife , Megan , were baptized there in 1990 into the Chicago International Church of Christ . In 1991 , he was asked by Kip McKean to move to LA . In 1994 , he and his then wife were selected to be the Middle East World Sector Leaders ( WSL ) since Cory 's mother , Wazirah , was a muslim . In 2000 , he and Megan stepped down from the ministry and later they divorced in 2002 .
In 2010 , Cory Blackwell joined the ICC and after remarrying , he was appointed Middle East WSL . He currently lives in Los Angeles , California . This summer he and his current wife , Jeraldine , are moving to Chicago to lead the Chicago ICC and oversee the Midwest and Middle East from there .
References
1963 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Chicago
Fenerbahçe men 's basketball players
Great Taste Coffee Makers players
La Crosse Catbirds players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Seattle SuperSonics draft picks
Seattle SuperSonics players
Small forwards
Wisconsin Badgers men 's basketball players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Johnny Appleseed Park , including what was formerly known as Archer Park , is a public park in Fort Wayne , Indiana . It is named after the popular-culture nickname of John Chapman , better known as `` Johnny Appleseed '' , a famous American pioneer , who was buried on the site . Chapman 's gravesite is accessible to public view through steel gates . The weathered tombstone says , `` Johnny Appleseed He lived for others . 1774–1845 . '' It also has a carved apple in bas relief .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .
The land of the park was donated to Allen County , Indiana , by William T. McKay to serve as a memorial park for the community . It became part of the Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department as the city grew and annexed the land . Johnny Appleseed Park serves as the home for Fort Wayne 's annual Johnny Appleseed Festival .
The current park , as of 2008 , includes a large campground nestled in rolling meadows and woods along the St. Joseph River , Vietnam War Memorial , and at the extreme northwest corner of the park , includes the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum and Exposition Center .
See also
List of parks in Fort Wayne , Indiana
References
External links
Johnny Appleseed Campground
Johnny Appleseed Festival web site
Parks in Indiana
Geography of Fort Wayne , Indiana
Protected areas of Allen County , Indiana
Tourist attractions in Fort Wayne , Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Fort Wayne , Indiana
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Johnny Appleseed
WOEZ may refer to :
Radio stations
WOEZ ( FM ) , a radio station ( 93.7 FM ) licensed to Burton , South Carolina
WWMK ( FM ) , a radio station ( 106.3 FM ) licensed to Onaway , Michigan , which held the call sign WOEZ from 2013 to 2017
WYPV , a radio station ( 94.5 FM ) licensed to Mackinaw City , Michigan , which held the call sign WOEZ from 2012 to 2013
WYLV , a radio station ( 88.3 FM ) licensed to Maynardville , Tennessee , which held the call sign WOEZ from 2001 to 2008
WPSP , a radio station ( 1190 AM ) licensed to Royal Palm Beach , Florida , which held the call sign WOEZ from 1989 to 1995
Other
Woez , a part of the municipality Wittendörp in the district of Ludwigslust-Parchim in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany
Broadcast call sign disambiguation pages
A Place on Earth ( ) is a 2013 French / Belgian drama film directed by Fabienne Godet . Benoît Poelvoorde won the Magritte Award for Best Actor for his performance as Antoine Dumas .
Cast
Benoît Poelvoorde as Antoine Dumas
Ariane Labed as Elena Morin
as Matéo
as Margot
Marie-Armelle Deguy as Julia
Thomas Coumans as Roman Morin
as Maria
Stéphanie Colpé as Maddy
Brigitte Sy as Loraine Morin
Jacques Spiesser as Monsieur Morin
References
External links
2013 drama films
2013 films
Belgian drama films
French drama films
2010s French films
Riley Glacier is a heavily crevassed glacier , 14 nautical miles ( 26 km ) long and 17 nautical miles ( 31 km ) wide , flowing westward from the west side of Palmer Land into George VI Sound between the Traverse Mountains and Mount Dixey . First sighted and surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition ( BGLE ) under Rymill . Resurveyed in 1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) and named for Quintin T.P.M . Riley , assistant meteorologist of the BGLE , 1934–37 . The glacier sits at 70° 06 ' 00.0 '' S latitude and 67° 55 ' 00.0 '' W longitude .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic : I–Z
Mount Eubanks , an isolated mountain near the head of Riley Glacier
References
Glaciers of Palmer Land
__notoc__
The Gates Computer Science Building , or Gates building for short , is an L-shaped building that houses the Computer Science Department as well as the Computer Systems Laboratory at 353 Jane Stanford Way , Stanford University , California . Construction on the building began in 1994 and was completed in 1996 at a cost of $ 36 million . It was named after Microsoft founder Bill Gates , who donated $ 6 million for the building 's construction .
The building is organized into an A wing ( the western ell ) and a B wing ( the northern ell ) . It is secured by an Intellikey system . Blueprints of the building are available online . The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern Architects of New York City .
See also
Knowledge Systems Laboratory
References
Bibliography
External links
Map :
Buildings and structures completed in 1996
Stanford University buildings and structures
Robert A. M. Stern buildings
Bill Gates
Dana Ron Goldreich ( ; b . 1964 ) is a computer scientist , a professor of electrical engineering at the Tel Aviv University , Israel . Prof. Ron is one of the pioneers of research in property testing , and a leading researcher in that area .
Professional career
Dana Ron obtained her B.A . ( 1987 ) and M.A . ( 1989 ) in computer science from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . Her Ph.D. ( 1995 ) , also from the Hebrew University , was in the area of machine learning . Between the years 1995-97 she was an NSF post-doctoral fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) . She was a Bunting fellow in 1997/8 , and the Radcliffe fellow at Harvard University in 2003/4 . Her research interests include sublinear-time algorithms ( in particular property testing ) , randomized algorithms , and computational learning theory .
She is married to Oded Goldreich , who is also a computer scientist at the Weizmann Institute , and has collaborated with Goldreich on approximation algorithms .
Works
Books
D. Ron . Algorithmic and Analysis Techniques in Property Testing , Foundations and Trends in Theoretical Computer Science : vol . 5 , no . 2 , pages 73–205 , 2009 .
D. Ron . Property Testing : A Learning Theory Perspective , Foundations and Trends in Machine Learning : vol . 1 , no . 3 , pages 307–402 , 2008 .
Selected publications
N. Alon , S. Dar , M. Parnas , and D. Ron , Testing of Clustering . SIAM Review , vol . 46 , no . 2 , pages 285–308 , 2004 .
O. Goldreich , S. Goldwasser and D. Ron , Property Testing and its connection to Learning and Approximation . Journal of the ACM , vol . 45 , no . 4 , pages 653–750 , July 1998 .
D. Ron , Y . Singer , and N. Tishby , The Power of Amnesia : Learning Probabilistic Automata with Variable Memory Length . Machine Learning , vol . 25 , no . 2 , pages 117–149 , 1996 .
References
External links
Home page of Dana Ron
1964 births
Living people
Israeli computer scientists
Theoretical computer scientists
Israeli women computer scientists
Tel Aviv University faculty
Hibbertia , commonly known as guinea flowers , is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dilleniaceae . They are usually shrubs with simple leaves and usually yellow flowers with five sepals and five petals . There are about 400 species , most of which occur in Australia but a few species occur in New Guinea , New Caledonia , Fiji and Madagascar .
Description
Plants in the genus Hibbertia are usually shrubs , rarely climbers , and often form mats . Their leaves are usually arranged alternately along the stems , usually sessile , clustered on short side-branches , and have smooth , rarely toothed or lobed edges . The flowers are usually arranged singly in leaf axils or on the ends of stems and have five sepals , two `` outer '' sepals slightly overlapping the three `` inner '' ones . There are five yellow , rarely orange , petals and the stamens are usually arranged in three to five groups , sometimes on only one side of the carpels . There are between two and five carpels , usually free from each other , each containing up to six ovules and with a style on the top . The fruit is a follicle containing seeds , usually with an aril .
Taxonomy and naming
The genus Hibbertia was first formally described in 1800 by Henry Cranke Andrews in his book The Botanist 's Repository for New , and Rare Plants and the first species he described was H. volubilis , now known as H. scandens . The name Hibbertia honours George Hibbert , a patrony of botany . The common name , guinea flower reflects the resemblance of the flowers to the colour and shape of the guinea coin .
Species list
See List of Hibbertia species
References
Eudicot genera
Taxa named by Henry Cranke Andrews
The Buru white-eye ( Zosterops buruensis ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to Indonesian islands , including the island of Buru which gives its name . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests . The species occupy an area of larger than 20,000 km2 and is thought to have a stable population of above 10,000 , and thus are not considered as threatened .
References
Buru white-eye
Birds of Buru
Buru white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Skyler Wheeler ( born April 24 , 1993 ) is an American politician . A member of the Republican Party , he has served as member of the Iowa House of Representatives , representing the 4th district since 2017 .
Wheeler finished first in a field of three candidates during a 2016 party primary . He was subsequently elected in a general election later that year to replace retiring Republican representative John Kooiker . He defeated independent candidate Jeff VanDerWerff in the general election , who had lost the Republican primary earlier that year . In his bid for a second term in 2018 , Wheeler ran unopposed .
In the 2020 general election , Wheeler defeated Democratic Party candidate Björn Johnson .
In a 2022 primary , Wheeler defeated Dordt University student Kendal Zylstra , winning 52 % of the vote . Wheeler was initially based in Orange City and declared a bid in District 3 , but instead chose to move to Hull , in District 4 .
Electoral history
References
External links
Skyler Wheeler at Iowa Legislature
Biography at Ballotpedia
Campaign Website
1993 births
Living people
Iowa Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
Northwestern College ( Iowa ) alumni
People from Orange City , Iowa
People from Hull , Iowa
The 1984 Book of Common Prayer is a revised and authorised version of the Book of Common Prayer specifically for the use of the Church in Wales .
Background
The first Book of Common Prayer in Welsh —— was published in 1567 . A revised version based on the 1662 Book of Common Prayer was published in 1664 . Since then , the Church in Wales used the prayer book of the Church of England , unmodified , until 1966 .
In 1944 , the Church in Wales introduced a supplement to its liturgical calendar which gave commemorations to Welsh saints such as Asaph , Cadoc , David and Illtud , thus the beginning of the Church 's assertion of its distinctive character and voice . A new Standing Liturgical Advisory Commission was established in 1951 , whose proposals for a revised rite for the Holy Eucharist was authorised by the Bench of Bishops in 1966 for experimental use . The revision lasted from the 1950s to the publication of the 1984 prayer book .
Overview
The Book of Common Prayer for use in the Church in Wales , which is written in traditional English and underwent a line-by-line revision process by the Governing Body of the Church in Wales between 1980 and 1984 , was specifically designed to replace the 1662 English prayer book . Initially , it was intended to be published in single volume . However , the sheer exigencies of bringing together so many rites in bilingual format prohibited a one-volume format , the propers and the psalter alone ran to 600 pages . The Prayer Book ended up releasing in a series of four volumes : the English-only volume I 'm containing the Calendar , framework lectionary , Morning and Evening Prayer , Holy Eucharist , propers and psalter ; a second volume containing the Calendar , the Eucharistic Rite and propers bilingually ; a third volume containing the Calendar , lectionary , Morning and Evening Prayer , collects and psalter bilingually ; and finally the bilingual volume II ( ) , containing the Eucharistic Rite , Public and Private Baptism , Thanksgiving for the Birth or Adoption of a Child , the Catechism , Confirmation , Ordination , Matrimony , Blessing of a Civil Marriage , Ministry of Healing , Burial , and a table of Kindred and Affinity .
References
External links
The Book of Common Prayer 1984 Volume I at Church in Wales official website
The Book of Common Prayer 1984 Volume II at Church in Wales official website
1984 non-fiction books
Book of Common Prayer
Anglican liturgical books
Church in Wales
QY or qy may refer to :
ABC Far North , a radio station ( former call letters 4QY )
European Air Transport ( IATA designator QY )
Quay , on maps
Yamaha QY10 , a hand-held music workstation
See also
YQ ( disambiguation )
Flames over Treasures ( , and also known as Flames on the Treasures ) , is a 1988 Romanian film produced by Romania Film and directed by Nicolae Margineanu from a script by Ion Agârbiceanu from Agârbiceanu 's novel `` Archangels . '' It concerns a gold mine in Romania reported to be haunted . It stars Mircea Albulescu , Claudiu Bleonț , Magda Catone , Remus Margineanu , Imola Gaspar , Valentin Uritescu and Melania Ursu .
Flacăra pe Comori won the Prize for Direction at the Romanian National Film Festival , Costinesti , 1987 . The film is released in the United States on DVD and VHS by Ager Film , a company dedicated to releasing Romanian films for home video .
Cast
Mircea Albulescu
Claudiu Bleont
Magda Catone
Viorel Ludușan
Remus Mărgineanu
Vasile Nițulescu
Claudiu Oblea
Valentin Uritescu
Melania Ursu
External links
Flacăra pe Comori - Official site from Ager Film
1988 films
1988 drama films
Romanian drama films
1980s Romanian-language films
The green barbet ( Stactolaema olivacea ) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family ( African barbets ) . It is found in Kenya , Tanzania , Malawi , Mozambique and South Africa . It occurs in forests from sea level to . Its isolated populations are vulnerable to forest clearing .
Description
They have dull ginger-olive plumage , but are yellower on the wings , and paler below . The head and chin are dark brown in the nominate race , and the eyes vary from dull red to orange . The bill is black and the feet blackish . Juveniles are duller , with brown eyes .
Call
Their call is a repetitive chock , chock , ... , or chop , chop , ... , sometimes in a duet .
Habits
They frequent fruiting branches in the subcanopy , and vary from solitary to social during foraging and roosting . It is a sedentary species which is not known to undertake any movements . It may be particularly dependent on the fruit of wild figs . It breeds in cavities in tree trunks during mid summer .
Taxonomy
The number of races ( or species ) is not generally agreed upon , and the conservation status of the taxa depend critically on their taxonomic evaluation . Race S. o. hylophona is sometimes merged with woodwardi in a taxon with tentative species status , the so-called Woodward 's barbet . These birds have the ear coverts and hind brow marked in yellow , as opposed to the dusky-headed populations . The type was obtained from oNgoye Forest in South Africa , and named for its discoverers , the Woodward brothers . S. o. belcheri , which lacks the yellow ear coverts , is endemic to two isolated inselbergs , and may constitute a third species .
Races
S. o. olivacea – coastal Kenya to uplands of central Tanzania
S. o. uluguruensis – Uluguru Mountains of eastern Tanzania
S. o. howelli – East Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania
S. o. rungweensis – Mt Rungwe and Poroto Mts , Tanzania to Misuku Hills , northern Malawi
S. o. hylophona – the Ngarama , Rondo ( where common ) and possibly Mitundumbea forest reserves of coastal Tanzania
S. o. belcheri – Mt Thyolo in Malawi and Mt Namuli in Mozambique
S. o. woodwardi – oNgoye in KwaZulu-Natal , South Africa
References
green barbet
green barbet
Birds of East Africa
green barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
FINE MEP ( Mechanical Electrical and Plumbing ) is a BIM CAD software tool for Building services engineering design , built on top of IntelliCAD . It provides full IFC ( Industry Foundation Classes ) support , according to the 2x3 IFC Standard . FINE BIM structure , enables a smart model shaping and high design accuracy , directly applied to the real 3D building model and its building services ( HVAC , water supply , sewerage , electricity ) . Not only the building elements ( i.e . walls , openings , roofs etc . ) , but also the components of the mechanical/electrical installations themselves ( i.e . pipes , heating units , fittings , cables etc . ) are all intelligent objects carrying their own attributes and interacting among each other . MEP design is supported by specific CAD commands ( i.e . smart location of units/appliances , auto-routing commands for pipes/cables etc . ) and further facilitated through sophisticated recognition and validation algorithms , providing a user-friendly modeling environment .
All the six FINE MEP software vertical applications , a ) FineHVAC for HVAC design , b ) FineELEC for Electrical design , c ) FineSANI for Sanitary design , d ) FineFIRE for Fire Fighting design , e ) FineGAS for Gas installation design , and f ) FineLIFT for Elevator design , combine design and calculations within a synergistically integrated environment , performing all the required calculations directly from the drawings , and generating automatically all the case study results : Calculation sheets , technical reports , a complete series of final drawings updated with the calculation results ( plan views , vertical diagrams , details ) , bill of materials , budget estimation and others .
In addition , FINE MEP applications interact in a synergistic way with the other vertical BIM software applications of the 4M Building Design Suite ( i.e . IDEA Architectural and STRAD Structural ) . All the 4M BIM Software `` work by running a single spatial database to define intelligent objects for all disciplines , whether architecture , electrical , HVAC , plumbing , elevators , and so on
See also
Building Information Modeling
Industry Foundation Classes
Building services engineering
Mechanical engineering
Electrical engineering
Hydraulic engineering
IntelliCAD
IDEA Architectural
DWG
List of computer-aided design editors
Comparison of CAD , CAM and CAE file viewers
Comparison of CAD editors for AEC
American Society of Heating , Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers
References
External links
4M - 4M 's BIM Suite website
4M - The manufacturer 's website
BIM Applications listed on BuildingSmart , the `` international home of open bim ''
IntelliCAD success stories by ITC , the IntelliCAD Technology Consortium ]
BIM booklet by Infocomm International
Institute for BIM in Canada
Managing BIM Technology in the Building Industry - AECbytes Viewpoint # 35 : February 12 , 2008 ]
AECbytes Vendorhub on BIM for MEP
Article in upFront.eZine by Ralph Grabowski - upFront.eZine news # 640 : April 6 , 2010
FineHVAC comparison with other MEP software
FINE MEP on Youtube
FineHVAC in the Ashrae online bookstore
Computer-aided design software
Building information modeling
BIM software
Družetići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 703 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Information Research : An International Electronic Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed open-access academic journal covering the fields of information science , information management , and information systems . It was established in 1995 as an electronic journal by Thomas D. Wilson ( University of Sheffield and University of Borås ) . It was privately published by Professor Wilson until 2017 , when ownership of the journal was transferred to the Swedish School of Library and Information Science , University of Borås . Professor Wilson continues to act as editor-in-chief . The journal is supported by the University of Lund , which provides server space and technical assistance , and by the University of Borås , which provides administrative support for the deputy editor . The journal is produced entirely through voluntary work ; there are no subscription or author charges . A 2012 reader survey revealed that 40 % of readers are academic faculty members , 38 % `` information practitioners '' , and 22 % students and post-graduate researchers .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 0.574 .
References
Further reading
External links
Information science journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1995
English-language journals
Lund University
Hypericum coadunatum is a species of flowering plant of the St. John 's wort family ( Hypericaceae ) that is found in the Canary Islands .
Taxonomy
The placement of H. coadunatum within Hypericum can be summarized as follows :
Hypericum
Hypericum subg . Hypericum
Hypericum sect . Adenosepalum
subsect . Adenosepalum
subsect . Aethiopica
Huber-Morathii group
subsect . Caprifolia
H. caprifolium
H. coadunatum
H. collenetteae
H. naudinianum
H. psilophytum
H. pubescens
H. scruglii
H. sinaicum
H. somaliense
H. tomentosum
References
coadunatum
Mai Dunama was the head of the Sayfawa confederacy during the early part of the twelfth century . He was supposedly the first Mai to take a pilgrimage to Mecca .
References
Gerald S. Graham , Thomas Hodgkin ; Nigerian Perspectives : An Historical Anthology
Kings of Chad
History of Chad
Kanem Empire
12th-century monarchs in Africa
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Goumbou is a small town and seat of the commune of Ouagadou in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali . The town is 28 km southwest of Nara , the administrative centre of the cercle on the Route Nationale 4 that connects Nara and the Malian capital , Bamako .
Sister city
Vegas del Genil , Spain
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Likir Monastery or Likir Gompa ( Klud-kyil ) is a Buddhist monastery in Ladakh , Northern India . It is located at 3700m elevation , approximately in the west of Leh . It is picturesquely situated on a little hill in the valley , in Likir village near the Indus River about north of the Srinigar to Leh highway . It belongs to the Gelugpa sect of Tibetan Buddhism and was established in 1065 by Lama Duwang Chosje , under the command of the fifth king of Ladakh , Lhachen Gyalpo ( Lha-chen-rgyal-po ) .
Although Likir is relatively isolated , it was once on a major trade route which travelled via Tingmosgang , Hemis and Likir to Leh .
History
Likir is mentioned in the Ladakhi chronicles as having been erected by King Lhachen Gyalpo ( Lha-chen-rgyal-po ) ( c. 1050-1080 CE ) . It presumably , originally belonged to the early Kadampa order of Tibetan Buddhism .
When Francke visited the monastery in 1909 he was shown a long inscription written in black ink on a wall which outlined the history of the monastery . Francke had it copied and interprets it as follows :
`` King Lha-chen-rgyal-po founded the monastery in the 11th century . In the 15th century , Lama Lha-dbang-chos-rje [ a famous pupil of Tsongkhapa ] converted the lamas to the reformed doctrines of the Ge-lug-pa order , and thus founded the monastery afresh as a Ge-lug-pa establishment . Then it is stated that seven generations after Lha-chen-rgyal-po , King Lha-chen-dngos-grub [ c. 1290-1320 ] arose , and that he introduced the custom of sending all the novices to Lhasa . This statement is found in exactly the same words as we find in the rGyal-rabs ''
Eighteen generations later King bDe-legs-rnam-rgyal reigned , but his name has been erased from the inscription because he embraced Islam after the battle of Basgo in 1646-1647 . The inscription itself is dated to the reign of King Thse-dbang-rnam-rgyal II ( Tsewang namgyal II , c. 1760-1780 ) , who repaired the monastery after a conflagration .
|
Below the monastery was a large chorten with frescoes inside representing Tsongkapa and other lamas of his time . `` Painted above the door , a very strange figure is found which looks much like one of the ordinary representations of Srong-btsan-sgam-po ( Songtsän Gampo ) . I was told by the lamas that it represents a lama of Srong-btsan-sgam-po 's times . The figure wears a three-pointed hat of white colour and carries two leopard skins under his arms . '' The lower part of the chorten is a square room which a lama said was the earliest temple at Likir , and was already there when King Lha-chenrgyal-po built the monastery .
The monastery currently has approximately 120 Buddhist monks and a school with almost thirty students . The Central Institute of Buddhist Studies runs it and teaches in three languages , Hindi , Sanskrit and English .
Historical notes on sign outside gompa :
Lu.Khyil ( water spirits circled ) popularly known as “ Likil ” Gonpa gives its name to Nagas ( water spirits ) who once lived there . It is another important Ge.lug.pa monastery in Ladakh .
Lachen Gyalpo , the fifth king of Ladakh is said to have offered to Lama Duwans Chosje , a great master of meditation , the land for building a monastery in 1065 , This monastery joined the Gelugpa order in the 15th century .
The Du-Khang ( Assembly Hall ) contains Mar.ime.zat , Shakyamuni , and Maitreya ( Buddhas of the past , present and future ) an imposing statue of Tsong.Kha.pa and Kangyur & Tangyur . In Nyenes Khang are the life-like paintings of the Tung-Shah ( the thirty-five confessional Buddhas and Nas.Tan.Chu.Tuk , sixteen arahats )
The Gon , Khang houses the statue of Se.Ta.Pa an imposing protective deity of the monastery and Yamantaka .
Likir Dos.mo.che , the annual festival of the monastery is held from 27th to the 29th of the 12th Tibetan month .
By Courtesy of Tourism Deptt . Leh
It is the seat of the Ngari Rinpoche , the present emanation of the younger brother of the Dalai Lama . Although he does not permanently reside here , he attends the more important pujas .
Layout and interior
The monastery has two assembly halls , known as Dukhangs and the older one is located on the right of the central courtyard with six rows of seats for the lamas and a throne for the Head Lama of Likir . The Dukhangs contain statues of Bodhisattva , Amitabha , three large statues of Sakyamuni , Maitreya and Tsong Khapa , founder of the yellow-hat sect . The monastery is also a repository of old manuscripts , has a notable thangka collection and old costumes and earthen pots . Sitting on the roof is a 23-metre ( 75 ft ) high gilded gold statue of Maitreya ( the future ) Buddha . It was completed in 1999 .
Bookcases stand at the statue sides , with the volumes of the Sumbum , describing the life and teachings of Tsong Khapa . The left wall has paintings of the 35 Confessional Buddhas while the right wall has an image of Sakyamuni with two of his chiefs by his side .
A ladder leads out of the hall , which leads to the Zinchun , which is the head lama 's room which contains mainly thangkas and images of lamas and the 21 manifestations of the White Tara , the consort of Avalokitesvara . The Gonkhang was created in 1983 when the monastery underwent renovation and was completed a year later The walls of the Gonkhang contain thangkas of the divinities .
Gallery
Footnotes
References
Banerjee , Partha , S. ( 2010 ) . Ladakh , Kashmir & Manali : The Essential Guide . 2nd Edition . Milestone Books , Calcutta . .
Francke , A. H. 1914 , 1926 . Antiquities of Indian Tibet . Vol . 1 : Personal Narrative ; Vol . 2 : The Chronicles of Ladak and Minor Chronicles , texts and translations , with Notes and Maps . Reprint 1972 . S. Chand & Co. , New Delhi .
Francke , A. H. ( 1977 ) . A History of Ladakh . 1907 edition with critical introduction and annotations by S. S. Gergen & F. M. Hassnaian . Sterling Publishers , New Delhi .
Rizvi , Janet . 1996 . Ladakh : Crossroads of High Asia . Second Edition . Oxford India Paperbacks . 3rd Impression 2001. .
Buddhist monasteries in Ladakh
1065 establishments in Asia
Gelug monasteries
11th-century establishments in India
Emefa Apawu ( born Irene Emefa Apawu on October 12 , 1982 ) is a Ghanaian broadcast journalist , TV and radio anchor and producer . In 2020 , she won an award for Exceptional COVID-19 Reporting at the 25th GJA Awards ( Ghana Journalists Awards ) .
Apawu was one of the media personalities selected by the Volta Regional Coordinating Council in conjunction with the Ghana Tourism Authority ( GTA ) and the Eastern/Volta/Oti branch of the Association of Ghana Industries ( AGI ) to champion the Visit Volta Campaign as a native of the region from Anfoega Akukome in the Volta Region of Ghana .
She took over from Dzifa Bampoh as co-anchor of Joy FM 's primetime news bulletin , ‘ News Night '
References
Living people
1982 births
21st-century Ghanaian writers
21st-century Ghanaian women writers
Ghanaian non-fiction writers
`` That Girl '' is a song by English pop rock band McFly . It was written by frontman Tom Fletcher and Busted 's James Bourne . The song was released on 6 September 2004 as the lead single from the band 's debut studio album Room on the 3rd Floor ( 2004 ) . It was their first single not to reach the top spot in the UK Singles Chart , peaking at number three . In Ireland , it reached number 14 .
Background
The song was written by McFly frontman Tom Fletcher and James Bourne of Busted . It is a fun and upbeat track and was the third single lifted from McFly 's debut album Room on the 3rd Floor , but the first to be released after the album .
The lyrics tell a story of how someone felt that they could n't get that girl , ended up with 'That Girl ' but soon found 'That Girl ' cheating on him and eventually breaking up with them . Bass lyrics are accompanied with backing lyrics that changed gradually due to the outcomes of the actions of 'That Girl ' . The CD features their second Beatles cover track , `` She Loves You '' . It also features previous tracks performed live . It is the first single by them to feature on a DVD single which features footage of performances `` She Loves You '' at the Olympic Torch Ceremony and also some home footage .
Music video
The music video shows the band working at a service/petrol station . They begin by being rather bored , as the probable lack of customers . 'That Girl ' arrives and starts flirting with Danny as he fixes her car . As she leaves , she gives him her phone number . She arrives `` three days later '' and is seen with another man . Tom , Dougie and Harry cause havoc - Harry overfills the car , Dougie takes parts out of the car that are actually needed for it to work , and Tom destroys his credit card by swiping it repeatedly really fast . At the end of the video , the boys run away seeing as the car crashed after Dougie 'helped ' with 'fixing ' it .
The video won Best Video at the 2004 Smash Hits Awards .
Track listings
UK CD1 and 7-inch picture disc
`` That Girl ''
`` She Loves You ''
UK CD2
`` That Girl ''
`` Obviously '' ( live )
`` She Loves You '' ( live )
`` That Girl '' ( live )
`` That Girl '' ( video )
`` Spider-Man 2 Premiere Footage '' ( Part 1 )
UK DVD single
`` That Girl '' ( audio )
`` She Loves You '' ( live from the Olympic Torch Ceremony )
`` McFly Home Movie – The Life of McFly ''
`` Spider-Man 2 Premiere Footage '' ( Part 2 )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2004 singles
2004 songs
Island Records singles
McFly songs
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Songs written by Danny Jones
Songs written by James Bourne
Songs written by Tom Fletcher
de : McFly
ru : That Girl
sv : McFly
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Rush County , Indiana .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Rush County , Indiana , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in a map .
There are 28 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county . Another property was once listed but has been removed .
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality , while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township . Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions .
Current listings
| }
Former listing
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties : Decatur , Fayette , Franklin , Hancock , Henry , Shelby
List of Indiana state historical markers in Rush County
References
Rush County
Gestures in language acquisition are a form of non-verbal communication involving movements of the hands , arms , and/or other parts of the body . Children can use gesture to communicate before they have the ability to use spoken words and phrases . In this way gestures can prepare children to learn a spoken language , creating a bridge from pre-verbal communication to speech . The onset of gesture has also been shown to predict and facilitate children 's spoken language acquisition . Once children begin to use spoken words their gestures can be used in conjunction with these words to form phrases and eventually to express thoughts and complement vocalized ideas .
Gestures not only complement language development but also enhance the child 's ability to communicate . Gestures allow the child to convey a message or thought that they would not be able to easily express using their limited vocabulary . Children 's gestures are classified into different categories occurring in different stages of development . The categories of children 's gesture include deictic and representational gestures .
Signs versus gestures
Gestures are distinct from manual signs in that they do not belong to a complete language system . For example , pointing through the extension of a body part , especially the index finger to indicate interest in an object is a widely used gesture that is understood by many cultures On the other hand , manual signs are conventionalized—they are gestures that have become a lexical element in a language . A good example of manual signing is American Sign Language ( ASL ) –when individuals communicate via ASL , their signs have meanings that are equivalent to words ( e.g. , two people communicating using ASL both understand that forming a fist with your right hand and rotating this fist using clockwise motions on the chest carries the lexical meaning of the word `` sorry '' ) .
Deictic gestures
Typically , the first gestures children show around 10 to 12 months of age are deictic gestures . These gestures are also known as pointing where children extend their index finger , although any other body part could also be used , to single out an object of interest . Deictic gestures occur across cultures and indicate that infants are aware of what other people pay attention to . Pre-verbal children use pointing for many different reasons , such as responding to or answering questions and/or sharing their interests and knowledge with others .
There are three main functions to infant 's pointing :
Imperative – this type of deictic gesture develops first and children use it to obtain something ( the speech equivalent would be saying `` give me that '' ) .
Declarative – this type of deictic gesture develops later than imperative gestures and directs an adult 's attention to an object or event to indicate its existence ( the speech equivalent would be saying `` look at that '' ) . Declarative pointing is expressive and can be used by the child to draw attention to an interesting object and share this interest with another person . Declarative pointing can also be informative where the child is providing the other person with information . This type of gesture is typically absent in autistic children 's gesture repertoires .
Epistemic – this type of deictic gesture also develops after imperative gestures and may develop at the same time as declarative gestures . These type of gestures serve as an epistemic request wherein infants may point to an object in order for an adult to provide new information , like a name , to an object ( the speech equivalent would be saying `` what is that '' ) .
The existence of deictic gestures that are declarative and epistemic in nature reflects another important part of children 's development , the development of joint visual attention . Joint visual attention occurs when a child and an adult are both paying attention to the same object . Joint attention through the use of pointing is considered a precursor to speech development because it reveals that children want to communicate with another person . Furthermore , the amount of pointing at 12 months old predicts speech production and comprehension rates at 24 months old . In children with autism spectrum disorder , the use of right-handed gestures—particularly deictic gestures—reliably predicts their expressive vocabularies 1 year later—a pattern also observed in typically-developing children .
Once children can produce spoken words they often use deictic gestures to create sentence-like phrases . These phrases occur when a child , for example , says the word `` eat '' and then points to a cookie . The incidence of these gesture-word combinations predicts the transition from one-word to two-word speech . This shows that gesture can maximize the communicative opportunities that children can have before their speech is fully developed facilitating their entrance into lexical and syntactic development .
Representational gestures
Representational gesture refers to an object , person , location , or event with hand movement , body movement , or facial expression . Representational gestures can be divided into iconic and conventional gestures . Unlike deictic gestures , representational gestures communicate a specific meaning . Children start to produce representational gestures at 10 to 24 months of age . Young American children will produce more deictic gestures than representational gestures , but Italian children will produce almost equal amounts of representational and deictic gestures .
Iconic gestures
Iconic gestures have visually similar relationship to the action , object , or attribute they portray . There is an increase in iconic gesturing after the two-word utterance stage at 26 months . Children are able to create novel iconic gestures when they were attempting to inform the listener of information they think the listener does not know . Iconic gestures aided language development after the two-word utterance stage , whereas deictic gestures did not . Iconic gestures are the most common form of representational gesture in Italian children . Children will copy the iconic gestures they see their parents using , therefore including iconic gestures when measuring representational vocabularies increases Italian children 's vocabularies . Even though the Italian children produced more iconic gestures , the two-word utterance stage did not arrive earlier than American children who produce fewer iconic gestures .
Conventional gestures
Conventional gestures are culture-bound emblems that do not translate across different cultures . Culture-specific gestures such as shaking your head `` no '' or waving `` goodbye '' are considered conventional gestures . Although American children do not typically produce many representational gestures in general , conventional gestures are the most frequently used in the representational gesture category .
Timeline of gesture development
Like most developmental timelines it is important to consider that no two children develop at the same pace . Infant gesture is thought to be an important part of the prelinguistic period and prepares a child for the emergence of language . It has been suggested that language and gesture develop in interaction with one another . It is believed that gestures are easier to produce for both infants and adults ; this is supported by the fact that infants begin to communicate with gestures before they can produce words . The first type of gestures that appear in infants are deictic gestures . Deictic gestures include pointing , which is often the most common gesture produced at ten months of age . At eleven months of age children can produce a sequence of 2 gestures , usually a deictic gesture with a conventional or representational gesture . and by twelve months of age children can begin to produce 3-gestures in sequence usually a representational or conventional gesture that is preceded and followed by a deictic gesture . Around twelve months of age , infants begin to use representational gestures . In relation to language acquisition , representational gestures appear around the same time as first words . At age 18 months children produce more deictic gestures than representational gestures . Between the first and second year of life , children begin to learn more words and use gestures less . At 26 months of age , there is an increase in iconic gesture use and comprehension . Gestures become more complex as children get older . Between age 4-6 children can use whole body gestures when describing a route . A whole body gesture occurs in three-dimensional space and is used when the speaker is describing a route as if they are on it . At ages 5–6 , children also describe a route from a bird 's eye view and use representational gestures from this point of view . The ways in which gestures are used are an indication of the developmental or conceptual ability of children .
Augmentative and alternative communication
Not only do gestures play an important role in the natural development of spoken language , but they also are a major factor in augmentative and alternative communication ( AAC ) . AAC refers to the methods , tools , and theories to use non-standard linguistic forms of communication by and with individuals without or with limited functional speech . Means used to communicate in AAC can span from high-tech computer-based communication devices , to low-tech means such as one-message switches , to non-tech means such as picture cards , manual signs , and gestures . It is only within the last two decades that the importance of gestures in the cognitive and linguistic development processes has been examined , and in particular the gesture 's functionality for individuals with communication disorders , especially AAC users .
See also
Baby sign language
Child development
Language acquisition
List of gestures
Nonverbal communication
References
Language acquisition
Nonverbal communication
Lussich Cove ( ) is a cove at the southeast side of Martel Inlet in Admiralty Bay , King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands . It was charted in 1909 by the Fourth French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot , and named by him for Antonio Lussich of Montevideo , who was of assistance to the expedition .
References
Coves of King George Island ( South Shetland Islands )
Mediavia aciusa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mediavia . It was described by Schaus in 1925 . It is found in South America .
References
Moths described in 1925
Epipaschiinae
`` Starlight Express '' is the 'showstopper ' number from the musical Starlight Express . In the show , it is performed by Rusty , the show 's protagonist . Before the song , he has been told by the old steam engine Poppa of a magical locomotive , named the Starlight Express , who will aid him in need .
The song has been rewritten in many languages , but it has always kept the same title , apart from when the production opened in Mexico , when both the show and the song were renamed Expreso Astral .
Music and lyrics
The music was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber , in the key of E flat major , modulating to E major at the instrumental . In the Broadway production , Greg Mowry sings the song in the key of G major and modulates to Ab . The lyrics were written by Richard Stilgoe .
Starlight Express , Starlight Express
Are you real ? Yes or no ?
Starlight Express , Answer me yes !
I do n't want you to go
Before the song starts , Poppa and Rusty have the following ( sung ) conversation ;
Poppa : That 's my boy , I knew youare believe .
Rusty : Poppa , I have to believe . [ Poppa Exits ] I have no choice ...
Rusty : ( Broadway ) Poppa , I do n't know if I believe . But I 'll try , I have to try .
The song begins , and the introduction is the main theme played on a harmonica , and this is repeated for the instrumental .
Revision
The song has undergone some revision since the show was premiered in London . The first draft started with the line
When your goodnights have been said and you are lying in bed '' '
However , the verses were rewritten when the show opened on Broadway , in Germany , Japan and Australia . To fit the new tune , new words were written , starting with : When the night is darkest , open up your mindA new middle eight was added as well .
When the show was revised in London , both drafts were fused together , with the verses from London and the middle eight from later productions . This draft has become the most popular and well-used .
The original London tune has been revived for the revised Bochum production .
Thematic value
The tune to the chorus is used throughout the show , for instance , when Rusty first hears of the Starlight Express ; during the 'Starlight Sequence ' ; and when Rusty triumphs over his challengers ( see main article ) . It is probably meant to show a point where there is a strong development in Rusty 's character .
Starlight Express Introduction
The Starlight Express Introduction was performed on Broadway and in London by Poppa and Belle . In later revisions , it is performed only by Poppa and has been shortened significantly . The number uses the first verse and chorus tunes from the London Production , and is used for the moment when Rusty first hears of the Starlight Express . In the first Bochum version this part was sung by Poppa and Control.Starlight Express hears your distressHe 's there , all aroundStarlight Express will answer you `` yes '' He 's waiting to be found ! '
Recordings
All versions of the song can be found on the following recordings ;
Starlight Express : Original London Cast Recording - performed by Ray Shell - ( 1984 )
Starlight Express : Broadway Highlights Recording - performed by El DeBarge - ( 1987 )
Starlight Express : Australian Cast Recording - performed by Bobby Collins - ( 1987 )
Starlight Express : German Cast Recording ( Concept Album ) - performed by Steven Michael Skeels - ( 1988 )
Starlight Express : Original German Live Album Recording - performed by Bernie Blanks - ( 1989 )
Starlight Express : Further German Cast Recording - performed by Colin Munro - ( 1991 )
The New Starlight Express - performed by Greg Ellis - ( 1993 )
Expreso Astral : Mexican Cast Recording - performed by Ricardo Santo - ( 1997 ) ( This recording was made but never released . )
Starlight Express : New Songs - performed by Jamie Golding - ( 2003 )
Notable performances
Greg Mowry
Ray Shell
El DeBarge
Greg Ellis
James Gillan
Kevin Köhler
Dame Shirley Bassey
See also
Make Up My Heart
U.N.C.O.U.P.L.E.D .
Starlight Sequence
Only You
Light at the End of the Tunnel
References
Starlight Express
Songs with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber
Songs from musicals
1984 songs
The Peter Herdic House is a historic home located at 407 West 4th Street between Elmira and Center Streets in the Millionaire 's Row Historic District of Williamsport , Pennsylvania , United States . It was built in 1855–1856 , and is a -story , brick building , coated in stucco in the Italian Villa style . It features three bay windows on each floor and a distinctive cupola atop the roof . Peter Herdic was a notable figure in the early development of Williamsport , and served as its fourth mayor , beginning in the fall of 1869 .
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 . The Millionaire 's Row Historic District was listed in 1985 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Williamsport , Pennsylvania
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Houses completed in 1856
Houses in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
The California Channel or CalChannel was a public service news television channel funded by the California Cable Television Association .
History
The channel started out by operating every weekday from 9:00am to 3:30pm ; broadcasting proceedings of the California Senate , Assembly and their various committees . It now runs twenty four hours a day reaching 5.5 million subscribers across the state . The channel was created by the Center for Governmental Studies together with the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Southern California and first broadcast on February 4 , 1991 . In 1993 , the California Cable Television Industry assumed responsibility for governance and funding for the channel .
In mid-August 2019 , the CCTA announced the network 's closure . The organization and network cited the November 2016 passage of Proposition 54 , a ballot initiative which required all legislative proceedings to be recorded and made public with posting them on the Internet 72 hours before a vote was tallied , and be accessible for twenty years after a proceeding . As the Senate and Assembly have internal video and radio news services , the CCTA considered The California Channel effectively a duplicative service to those efforts . The legislature has since made efforts to retain the network and its coverage before the network 's closure , to keep proceedings public on a televised venue in some form . On October 15 , 2019 , the channel ceased operations .
References
Television channels and stations established in 1991
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2019
Legislature broadcasters in the United States
Companies based in Sacramento , California
1991 establishments in California
2019 disestablishments in California
Promise ( You and Me ) is a pop rock single by the German band Reamonn . It is recorded by Island Records at the album Wish ! . The song is released at and written by Rea Garvey , Uwe Bossert , Mike Gommeringer , Philipp Rauenbusch and Sebastian Padotzke .
Track listing
Charts
References
Reamonn songs
2006 singles
The 1946 Swarthmore Quakers football team was an American football team that represented Swarthmore College as an independent during the 1946 college football season . In its fifth , non-consecutive year under head coach Lewis H. Elverson , Swarthmore compiled a 5–3 record and was outscored by a total of 129 to 70 .
The team played its home games at Alumni Field in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania .
Schedule
References
Swarthmore
Swarthmore Garnet Tide football seasons
Swarthmore Garnet Tide football
Tiui Faamaoni ( born 21 April 1966 ) is a Samoan boxer . He competed in the men 's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Bantamweight boxers
Samoan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Samoa
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
IRCA may refer to :
First Nations Media Australia , formerly Indigenous Remote Communications Association
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986
Institut royal de la culture amazighe
International Ragdoll Cat Association
International Railways of Central America , a Guatemalan railway
International Register of Certificated Auditors
IRCA ( football club ) , an association football club in Guatemala belonging to International Railways of Central America
Wesley W. Carlson ( July 24 , 1901 – July 12 , 1989 ) was a guard and tackle in the National Football League . Carlson played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1926 NFL season . He played at the collegiate level at the University of Detroit Mercy .
References
Citations
Bibliography
1901 births
1989 deaths
Players of American football from Michigan
Green Bay Packers players
American football offensive guards
University of Detroit Mercy alumni
Detroit Titans football players
Packera indecora is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names elegant groundsel and rayless mountain ragwort . It is native to northern North America including most of Canada and sections of the northernmost United States . It grows in moist mountain habitat , such as streamsides and meadows .
It is a perennial herb producing a single stem or a cluster of 2 or 3 stems from a branching caudex and a taproot . The plant reaches heights of ten centimeters to one meter . The leaves have thin , oblong or oval blades a few centimeters long borne on long petioles . Smaller , more intricately divided leaves may occur farther up the stem .
The inflorescence is an umbel-shaped array of up to 20 or more flower heads , each lined with green- or red-tipped phyllaries . The head contains many disc florets and occasionally a tiny yellow ray floret , though these are usually absent .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
indecora
Flora of Canada
Flora of the Western United States
Flora of California
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Pierre Palmade ( born 23 March 1968 ) is a French actor and comedian .
Biography
He has done dubbing for the films Pédale douce and Pédale dure . He is known for playing unpleasant characters in his sketches .
In 2005 , he participated in Rendez-vous en terre inconnue .
In October 2008 , Palmade came out as a homosexual , a theme he talks about in his latest play Le Comique ( Fontaine theatre , near Pigalle , Paris ) .
From 27 September 2013 , he will play in Le Fils du Comique with Anne-Élisabeth Blateau in Saint-Georges Theater , in Paris .
He received a Molière Award in 1993 for his show Go see me at La Cigale .
Filmography
Oui , directed by Alexandre Jardin ( 1996 )
Astérix et les Vikings , ( voice ) , directed by Stefan Fjeldmark ( 2006 )
Sagan , directed by Diane Kurys , with Sylvie Testud ( 2008 )
Pierre et Fils , with Pierre Richard , violin Scott Tixier , music Christophe Defays TF1 ( 2008 )
Incognito , directed by Éric Lavaine ( 2009 )
Brillantissime '' , directed by Michèle Laroque ( 2018 )
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Bisexual male actors
Knights of the National Order of Merit ( France )
French humorists
Bisexual comedians
LGBT writers from France
French male film actors
French male television actors
French male stage actors
Male actors from Bordeaux
French male writers
Alex Marvez ( born April 3 , 1971 ) is an American sportscaster , journalist and author who currently works for Sirius XM NFL Radio , where he hosts a daily prime-time radio show .
A former Pro Football Writers of America president , Marvez has covered the NFL since 1995 and worked for the Sporting News , FOX Sports , South Florida Sun-Sentinel , Rocky Mountain News and Dayton Daily News and has a Hall of Fame vote . He worked previously for the Miami Herald , covering the Miami Heat , Florida International University sports and high school sports , along with writing a pro wrestling column starting in 1989 . That later continued for Scripps-Howard News Service until he shifted his work focus full-time to the NFL in 2012 .
In 2019 , Marvez joined the professional wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling as a play-by-play commentator and became a part of the inaugural broadcast team , alongside Jim Ross and Excalibur . As of October 2019 , Marvez began doing backstage interviews for AEW and helps work with the production team in a variety of different roles .
He appears in the 2011 sports documentary series A Football Life and played himself in the 2014 movie Draft Day .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
All Elite Wrestling personnel
American color commentators
American people of Venezuelan descent
American radio sports announcers
Cincinnati Bengals announcers
Denver Broncos announcers
Florida International University alumni
Miami Dolphins announcers
National Football League announcers
People from Florida
Professional wrestling announcers
opened in Urasoe , Okinawa Prefecture , Japan , in January 2004 . The main auditorium seats 632 and there is also a smaller hall with a capacity of 255 . In addition to performances of Kumi Odori and Ryūkyūan music and dance , there are initiatives to document , preserve , and promote Okinawa 's performing arts ( in particular , Kumi Odori ) , as well as related exchange programmes across the Asia-Pacific region .
See also
List of Intangible Cultural Properties of Japan ( Okinawa )
National Theatre of Japan
Ryūkyū Kingdom
Eisa ( dance )
Buyō
References
External links
National Theatre Okinawa
National Theatre Okinawa ( Japan Arts Council )
Art centres in Japan
Culture in Okinawa Prefecture
Baraeus gracilentus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939 . It is known from Tanzania .
References
Endemic fauna of Tanzania
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1939
Alison Mary Blake is a British diplomat who is currently serving as Governor of the Falkland Islands and Commissioner of the South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands . She previously served as High Commissioner to Bangladesh and Ambassador to Afghanistan .
Career
Blake was educated at Roan School for Girls and Merton College , Oxford , where she gained a MA degree in ancient and modern history in 1980 . She worked as an archaeologist for the Museum of London , English Heritage and the Greater London Council from 1983 to 1987 .
She joined the Ministry of Defence in 1989 and for a period served as assistant private secretary to the Secretary of State for Defence . She left the MOD in 1995 and transferred to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) and was at the UK delegation to NATO in Brussels 1996–99 ; deputy head of the Eastern Adriatic Department at the FCO 1999–2001 ; at the embassy in Washington , D.C. , 2001–05 ; on secondment to the Cabinet Office as Head of Foreign and Development Policy 2006–07 ; head of the Conflict Group at the FCO 2007–11 ; deputy High Commissioner to Pakistan 2011–14 . She became High Commissioner to Bangladesh in January 2016 and moved to become Ambassador to Afghanistan in May 2019 . She was succeeded by Sir Laurie Bristow in June 2021 .
Blake was appointed a Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George ( CMG ) in the 2018 New Year Honours `` for services to British foreign and security policy . ''
In March 2022 the Foreign , Commonwealth & Development Office announced that Blake would be the new Governor of the Falkland Islands and Commissioner for South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands , succeeding Nigel Phillips in July 2022 . She is the first female governor of the islands .
References
|-
|-
Living people
People educated at the John Roan School
Alumni of Merton College , Oxford
British women ambassadors
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Bangladesh
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Afghanistan
Governors of the Falkland Islands
Commissioners for South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fellows of Merton College , Oxford
Farm to Market Road 3005 ( FM 3005 ) is a farm to market road in Galveston County , Texas .
Route description
FM 3005 has a western terminus at the approach to the toll bridge over San Luis Pass ; the bridge connects to the Bluewater Highway ( County Road 257 ) on the Brazoria County side . It travels to the northeast along Termini–San Luis Pass Road , through Galveston ( and briefly Jamaica Beach ) , crossing Galveston Island State Park and passing Scholes International Airport before entering the Galveston central business district . Beginning near Cove View Boulevard , the route is signed as Seawall Boulevard , as it runs alongside the Galveston Seawall . The FM 3005 designation ends at Spur 342 ( 61st Street ) , which provides access to Interstate 45 . Seawall Boulevard continues under county maintenance to SH 87 on the eastern side of the island .
History
FM 3005 was first designated in Galveston County in 1966 ; its western terminus was at 13 Mile Road . The route was lengthened to the boundary of Galveston Island State Park in 1972 , and through the park and to the San Luis Pass Toll Bridge in 1988 . The designation was officially changed to Urban Road 3005 ( UR 3005 ) in 1995 ; the designation reverted to FM 3005 with the elimination of the Urban Road system on November 15 , 2018 .
Major intersections
References
3005
Transportation in Galveston , Texas
Transportation in Galveston County , Texas
The butterfly dance is a dance move in which the dancer 's legs move like butterfly wings ; it can also apply to arm & hand works where you can shape or move them in the same order or other . The move originated from the music genre hip-hop and is also commonly seen in reggae type music . The dance is a female move but male individuals have been seen to execute the move . The Butterfly apparently applies to other various dances { and even poses } that bend , spread , twist , space and so on . Examples are the freestyle Leg Wobble , Horse Stance , Billy Bounce , Popping , Diversion , Stanky Legg , PSY Gangnam Style Dance , `` Dangerous Moves '' and some Shuffles . Sometimes , the dance move could be subliminal to the mating ritual .
This dance move originated in the 1970s .
See also
Tha Butterfly , charting single by rap group Way 2 Real
References
Dance moves
Contemporary dance
Yang Fulin ( ; born October 1957 ) is a former Chinese military officer and politician who served as deputy commander of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps from 2015 to 2017 . He was investigated by China 's top anti-graft agency in July 2021 .
Biography
Yang was born in Wudu County ( now Wudu District of Longnan ) , Gansu , in October 1957 . He enlisted in the People 's Liberation Army in August 1976 , and joined the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) in November 1982 . He assumed various posts in the 8th Division of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps between 1976 and 2001 . From 2001 to 2013 , he successively worked in the 6th Division , 14th Division , and 3rd Division . In July 2013 , he became secretary of the Political and Legal Affairs Commission of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps , and held that office until April 2015 , when he was commissioned as deputy commander of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps .
Downfall
On 29 July 2021 , he was put under investigation for alleged `` serious violations of discipline and laws '' by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection ( CCDI ) , the party 's internal disciplinary body , and the National Supervisory Commission , the highest anti-corruption agency of China . His superior Liu Xinqi was under investigation for alleged `` serious violations of discipline '' in May 2017 and downgraded to division director level of non leadership positions ( ) . On December 1 , he was expelled from the Communist Party .
On 13 March 2022 , he was indicted on suspicion of accepting bribes .
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Longnan
Northwest Normal University alumni
Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party alumni
People 's Republic of China politicians from Gansu
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Gansu
Ben Johnson is a 2005 Malayalam-language action thriller film directed by Anil C. Menon and produced by Milan Jaleel . The film stars Kalabhavan Mani , Indraja , Siddique and Vijayaraghavan . The film had songs composed by Deepak Dev . It was released in 24 June 2005 . The songs were well received , especially the song `` Sona .. Sona .. '' sung by Kalabhavan Mani and `` Iniyum mizhikal nirayaruthe '' by K.J . Yesudas . It was later dubbed in Odia as the same title.This movie was a hit and one of the highest grossing movies of the year .
Synopsis
Amarakaran Pathrose who is a name to reckon with in village Muthangakuzhi . He is the monarch of all that he surveys , thanks to his rough and ready methods . Fear stalks the village whenever he gets into ‘ action ' .
His son , Ben Johnson is everything that the fear-inspiring father is not . He goes out of the way to be nice to one and all . The effort is to erase the bad impression created by the father.And Johnson has always cherished a dream of becoming a policeman .
Ever since his childhood , Johnson has been good in sports . Thanks to his excellence in athletics , the villagers start calling him Ben Johnson because of his physical resemblance to the famously infamous Canadian athlete of yesteryears , Ben Johnson .
To cut a long story short , our Johnson manages to become a sub inspector in Kerala police , needless to say , under the sports quota ! As destiny would have it , Johnson is posted as the SI in his own Muthangakuzhi . Now he is fired by a missionary zeal to rid the village of rowdies and baddies , both social and political .
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as S.I . Ben Johnson / Amarakkadan Pathrose ( dual role )
Indraja as Gouri
Siddique as SP Stephen Varghese IPS
Vijayaraghavan as Viswanathan MLA
Madhu as Govinda Menon
Harisree Ashokan as Constable Swami
Kalasala Babu as Chandranthodi Madhava Menon
Cochin Haneefa as ASI Eenashu
Sukumari
Ambika as Lakshmi
Adithya Menon as Vettukadan Velayudhan
Sadiq
Innocent as Chief Minister
Machan Varghese
Vishnu Prasad
Shruti
Bheeman Raghu as Raghu
I. M. Vijayan
T. P. Madhavan as Minister
Narayanankutty
Abu Salim as Abu
Chali Pala as Retd . DySP Parameshwaran
Baiju Ezhupunna
Ponnamma Babu
Kalabhavan Haneef
Nadirshah as Himself
Music
The music was composed by Deepak Dev , with lyrics written by Arjun Sasi and Kaithapram .
References
External links
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The Order of the Golden Ruler or the Order of the Taejo was the highest Order of chivalry in the Korean Empire . It was established on 17 April 1900 by Gojong of Korea , four years after he established the Korean Empire .
History
In the summer of 1899 , Gojong of Korea began to consider creating orders for his newly-established empire . For inspiration , he had considered a European-style model . He formally established the order on 17 April 1900 . The highest rank of the order , the Grand Cordon , was first awarded to Gojong of Korea , Sunjong of Korea , and Yi Un . Gojong named the order for a dream Taejo of Joseon claimed to have , which inspired him to establish Joseon . Gojong also stated that the award of the order was `` happily '' intended for those who served Korea .
The first foreigner to receive the order was Prince Henry of Prussia on 20 March 1904 . He received it during his visit to the Korean Empire , an exchange typically observed for foreign heads of state . Over ten years , 27 foreigners were named to the Order .
Recipients received a pension of 600~1,000 Won annually or a one-time payment of 2,000 Won It is regarded that the order was awarded to too many recipients for its intended degree of honor .
Form
`` The badge is composed of a Badge and a Medal . The material of the suit jacket ( 章 ) is gold , and the diameter is 2 chis ( 寸 ) and 5 pun ( 分 ) , which is 7.5 cm . With the blue-and-red Taegeuk wrapped in gold line as the center , the cross-shaped golden cheok and white rays extend from the golden cheok as the axis , and three white oyster flowers are arranged in each ray between the rays . Badge included Daesu , which is worn from right shoulder to left side . Medal is just the same as the badge but its perimeter is 6cm . ''
Recipients
See Also
Orders , decorations , and medals of the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
References
Orders of chivalry
Awards established in 1900
1900 establishments in Korea
Orders , decorations , and medals of the Korean Empire
is a private university in Nishinomiya , Hyōgo , Japan , established in 1972 by Shigeki Morimura .
External links
https : //www-hyo -- med-ac-jp.translate.goog/about/message/ ? _x_tr_sl=ja & _x_tr_tl=en & _x_tr_hl=en-US Official website ]
Educational institutions established in 1972
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Kansai Collegiate American Football League
Medical schools in Japan
The Letter is the first single from New Zealand band Midnight Youth 's debut album , The Brave Do n't Run . The song debuted on the New Zealand Top 40 Singles Chart at 34th place , and peaked at 20th place .
The song was one of five finalists for an APRA SIlver Scroll in 2009 and sold gold , more than 7,500 copies , in New Zealand .
References
Songs about letters ( message )
2008 singles
Midnight Youth songs
2008 songs
Warner Music Group singles
Relay Hills ( ) is a group of low , ice-covered hills , mainly conical in shape , between Mount Edgell and Kinnear Mountains in western Antarctic Peninsula . First roughly surveyed from the ground by British Graham Land Expedition ( BGLE ) , 1936–37 . Photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition ( RARE ) , November 1947 . Resurveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) , November 1958 . The name , applied by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) , arose because both the BGLE and the FIDS sledging parties had to relay their loads through this area to the head of Prospect Glacier .
Named hills
The UK-APC was responsible for naming some of the peaks within the Relay Hills , typically after the names of various local winds .
Helm Peak ( ) rises to , making it the highest elevation in the Relay Hills . The area was photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy in 1966 , and was surveyed by British Antarctic Survey in their 1970–73 expedition . It was named in 1977 by the UK-APC for the Helm Wind , an easterly gale in the lee of the northern Pennines of England .
Simoom Hill ( ) , which rises to , is located east of Mount Edgell . It was named in 1977 by the UK-APC for the Simoom , the warm south wind that blows off the Arabian Desert .
References
Hills of Palmer Land
Frederick William Strange ( September 9 , 1844 – June 5 , 1897 ) was an English-born physician , surgeon and political figure in Ontario , Canada . He represented York North in the House of Commons of Canada from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member .
He was the son of Thomas Strange of Berkshire and studied medicine at Liverpool and University College in London . Strange came to Ontario in 1869 . A long-time militia medical officer , he served as a deputy surgeon general for the Canadian militia from 1893 to 1896 and was coroner for York County . Strange was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the House of Commons in 1896 . He died a year later at the age of 52 .
The community of Strange was named in his honour after he secured a post office for the community in 1880 .
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion and annual register , 1879 CH Mackintosh
1844 births
1897 deaths
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Conservative Party of Canada ( 1867–1942 ) MPs
Alumni of University College London
Canadian coroners
Jill Judith Karofsky ( born July 15 , 1966 ) is an American attorney , judge , and justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court . Karofsky served as a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge in Dane County from 2017 until her election to the Wisconsin Supreme Court .
Early life and career
Jill Karofsky was born on July 15 , 1966 , in south-central Wisconsin to Judy Karofsky , a former Middleton , Wisconsin , city council member and the city 's mayor from 1975 to 1977 , and her then-husband Peter Karofsky , a pediatrician . Karofsky was a state tennis champion while at Middleton High School , where she graduated in 1984 . She later played Division I sports for Duke University , where she received her Bachelor of Arts in 1988 . Karofsky received her Juris Doctor from the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1992 . She married attorney Jason Knutson in July 1998 , though they later divorced .
Karofsky entered civil service as a deputy district attorney for Dane County . She has also served in the Wisconsin Department of Justice as Assistant Attorney General working as Wisconsin 's Violence Against Women resource prosecutor , and later leading the Office of Crime Victim Services .
Judicial career
In 2017 , Karofsky was elected as a judge on the Dane County Circuit Court , beating municipal judge Marilyn Townsend by 15 points .
Three years later , Judge Karofsky challenged incumbent Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Daniel Kelly in Wisconsin 's 2020 election . Kelly had been appointed to the Supreme Court by Republican then-Governor Scott Walker in 2016 and was endorsed by President Donald Trump . Judge Karofsky was endorsed by over 100 current and former Wisconsin judges , including incumbent Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Dallet . She also received endorsements from U.S . Senator Tammy Baldwin , former governor Jim Doyle , and former U.S. senators Russ Feingold and Herb Kohl . In the final days before the election , Judge Karofsky was endorsed by both the remaining 2020 Democratic Party presidential primary candidates—former Vice President Joe Biden and U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders .
The election set a spending record for any Wisconsin Supreme Court race , with the two candidates raising a collective $ 10 million . During the campaign , Karofsky was the target of television attack ads funded by supporters of her opponent Daniel Kelly . The ads falsely claimed Karofsky , as deputy district attorney , struck a plea deal with a man charged with sexual assault of a minor resulting in no jail time . Karofsky was not placed on the case as a prosecutor until a year after the deal was struck . On March 27 , 2020 , Karofsky 's campaign announced intent to file a cease and desist order against the ads . On April 6 , 2020 , Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Timothy Witkowiak blocked Karofsky 's injunction against the ads on the grounds of unlawful prior restraint . The nonprofit fact checking site PolitiFact included the false claims against Karofsky it its yearly `` Pants on Fire '' review for 2020 .
On April 13 , 2020 , Judge Karofsky was declared the winner of the election , taking roughly 55 % of the vote . She took office on August 1 , 2020 , and became the ninth woman in Wisconsin history to serve on the state 's high court . Karofsky 's upset election has been cited by Tom Perez , the Democratic National Committee Chair , as being indicative of the results of the 2020 presidential election .
In keeping with her marathon hobby , on August 1 , 2020 , Judge Karofsky was sworn into office following the thirty-fifth mile of an `` ultramarathon , '' by Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Dallet in a ceremony also attended by former governor Jim Doyle . She then ran another sixty-five miles .
2020 Presidential election cases
Karofsky voted with the majority of the Wisconsin Supreme Court to dismiss several of Donald Trump 's appeals as he sought to challenge the results of the 2020 United States presidential election in Wisconsin . As a result , she and Judge Rebecca Dallet , who also voted with the majority , were attacked in print and on social media with antisemitic and misogynistic comments and threats . The attacks prompted the chief justice , Patience D. Roggensack , to issue a statement condemning the threats .
Personal life
A single mother of two children ( a son and a daughter ) , Karofsky lives in Middleton , Wisconsin . She is a marathon runner and Ironman triathlete .
Electoral history
Wisconsin Circuit Court ( 2017 )
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , April 4 , 2017
Wisconsin Supreme Court ( 2020 )
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | Primary Election , February 18 , 2020
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , April 7 , 2020
References
External links
Jill for Justice ( campaign website ) ( Archived 4/17/2020 )
Jill Karofsky at Our Campaigns
1966 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women lawyers
21st-century American judges
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
21st-century women judges
American women judges
Duke University alumni
Justices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
People from Middleton , Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Wisconsin lawyers
Wisconsin state court judges
Defending champions Adrian Quist and Don Turnbull defeated John Bromwich and Jack Harper 6–2 , 9–7 , 1–6 , 6–8 , 6–4 , to win the men 's doubles tennis title at the 1937 Australian Championships .
Seeds
Adrian Quist / Don Turnbull ( champions )
Jack Crawford / Vivian McGrath ( semifinals )
Arthur Huxley / Len Schwartz ( quarterfinals )
Harry Hopman / Abel Kay ( quarterfinals )
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Source for seedings and the draw
1937 in Australian tennis
Men 's Doubles
The bat ( also called the , , or ) is a heraldic symbol sometimes used as a charge , but most prominently used as a crest on or around the crown in municipal arms of the former Crown of Aragon—specifically in Valencia , Catalonia and the Balearic Islands .
Origins
The heraldic use of the bat has its origins in the `` royal dragon '' crest ( ) of the coat of arms of the Kings of Aragon . The royal helmet has a , a traditional Catalan dragon , emerging from a crown as its crest . Although traditionally the dragon helmet is ascribed to king James I of Aragon ( 1208 – 1276 ) ,
reliable documents state that the winged dragon did n't appear over the helmet until Peter IV of Aragon 's reign ( 1319 – 1387 ) . This crest was then transformed into a bat by municipalities .
There is also a legend of a bat that landed on the flag of King James I of Aragon in 1238 before he won a crucial battle against the Saracens in which he captured Valencia for his kingdom . In another legend , a bat landed on his tent ; James I ordered it to be killed but it was not ; later , the bat alerted the king to the Saracens ' surprise night raid . Another version has it that bats ' nighttime routines inspired James I to attack the Saracens at night . Or perhaps a bat flew in front of him as he entered Valencia after capturing it . In any case , the bat , formerly a sign of bad luck , became a symbol of good fortune . However , original documents state that the animal was a swallow and not a bat .
The heraldic bat of Albacete has a different origin . It comes from the transformation over time of two `` winged hands '' , the heraldic emblem of the lords of Villena .
Because bats eat mosquitos , a notable pest in these regions of Spain , some authors propose that bats on crests honor this ecological role in the local food chain .
The bat in official heraldry
The coats of arms of certain cities in eastern Spain , like Valencia , Palma , Mallorca and Fraga have the bat over the shield . Some smaller towns , like Catarroja and Novallas , also use this symbol .
Formerly the Barcelona city coat of arms had a bat crowning it as well , but the bat was removed at the beginning of the 20th century for unknown reasons . The city of Teruel used to have the bat surmounting the coat of arms ' crown . There the bat represents a commemoration of the role of this city in the conquest of Valencia . The bat now rests just below the crown in Teruel 's seal .
While the use of the bat as a heraldic symbol is prevalent in the territories of the former Crown of Aragon it is rarely used elsewhere . However , it can be found in a few places , including in the coats of arms of the city of Albacete in Spain , the town of Montchauvet , Yvelines in France , Fiefbergen in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany and the former Borough of Brecknock and historic county of Brecknockshire in Wales , UK . Outside of Europe , the coat of arms of Santa Fe de Antioquia , Colombia includes multiple bats ; it was granted to the town in 1545 by Charles I of Castile and Aragon and his mother , Joanna of Castile .
Other uses
Based on the heraldic symbol of their city , certain Spanish association football club badges , like Albacete Balompié , CD Alcoyano , Levante UD and Valencia CF , have a bat on them . The oldest badge of FC Barcelona used between 1899 and 1910 had a small bat crowning it as well . Valencia FC first used the bat on its badge from its foundation in 1919 . DC Comics has raised suits against Valencia FC with the European Union Intellectual Property Office in 2013 and 2019 , claiming commonality with the Batman logo , but these have not been successful .
The Burgee of the Royal Valencia Yacht Club ( Reial Club Nàutic de València ) displays a bat on a golden field in its center .
Lo Rat Penat , a political organization based in Valencia in 1878 , was named after the heraldic bat . Established by Constantí Llombart , Teodor Llorente and Fèlix Pizcueta , its aim was originally to foster a movement similar to the Catalan Renaixença in the region of Valencia .
The No . 9 Squadron RAF adopted the bat badge in 1917 along with the Latin motto Per Noctem Volamus `` We fly through the night '' . The badge was approved by King Edward VIII in November 1936 .
Gallery
See also
Dragon
Dragons in Catalan mythology
Catalan symbols
James I of Aragon
Crown of Aragon
References
Barça N. 20
External links
Blason de Valence
Cimera del Casal de Barcelona
Cimera de la Festa de l'Estendard
Barcelona coat of arms
FC Barcelona , old badges
Lo Rat Penat
El ratpenat - Homenatge indirecte al València CF
Heraldic beasts
Bats and humans
Catalan symbols
Legendary mammals
Bats in popular culture
Fictional bats
Inside Out is an EP by American heavy metal band Anthrax , released in 1998 via Ignition Records , following the release of their album Volume 8 : The Threat Is Real .
Track listing
Japanese edition
`` Inside Out '' ( John Bush , Scott Ian , Charlie Benante ) – 5:35
`` Snap / I 'd Rather Be Sleeping ( D.R.I . cover ) '' ( Kurt Brecht , Spike Cassidy , John Menor , Eric Brecht ) – 2:16
`` Phantom Lord ( Metallica cover ) '' ( James Hetfield , Dave Mustaine , Lars Ulrich ) – 4:30
`` The Bends '' ( Radiohead cover ) ( Jonny Greenwood , Colin Greenwood , Ed O'Brien , Phil Selway , Thom Yorke ) – 3:53
UK edition
`` Inside Out '' ( Bush , Ian , Benante ) – 5:33
`` Giving the Horns '' ( Bush , Ian , Benante ) – 3:35
`` The Bends '' ( Greenwood , Greenwood , O'Brien , Selway , Yorke ) – 3:52
Personnel
John Bush – lead vocals
Scott Ian – guitar , backing vocals
Frank Bello – bass , backing vocals
Charlie Benante – drums , additional guitar , percussion
Dimebag Darrell – lead guitar on `` Inside Out ''
Charts
References
1998 EPs
Anthrax ( American band ) EPs
Alternative metal EPs
Ignition Records albums
Bahiopsis laciniata is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names San Diego County sunflower , San Diego viguiera and tornleaf goldeneye . It is native to the deserts and dry mountain slopes of northwestern Mexico ( States of Sonora and Baja California ) , its distribution extending north as far as Ventura County , California .
The habitat of Bahiopsis laciniata includes chaparral and coastal sage scrub . It is a hairy , resinous shrub growing to a maximum height well over one meter . The leaves have lance-shaped blades up to 5 centimeters long which are glandular and shiny with resin . The blades have smooth or shallowly toothed edges which are sometimes rolled under or crinkled . The inflorescence is a solitary sunflower-like flower head or cyme of several heads . The flower head has several yellow ray florets measuring 6 millimeters to over a centimeter long . The fruit is an achene tipped with a pappus .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile
Calphotos Photo gallery , University of California
Heliantheae
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Flora of Sonora
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Douglas ( “ Jake ” ) Jacobsen is a scholar in the field of religious studies whose work encompasses history , theology , and sociology . His early works are analyses of Pentecostalism and American Protestantism . He won the Pneuma Book Award from the Society for Pentecostal Studies in 2004 . His current work focuses on world Christianity , including the books The World 's Christians : Who They Are , Where They Are , and How They Got There and Global Gospel : An Introduction to Christianity on Five Continents
Jacobsen also co-directs the Religion in the Academy project with his wife Rhonda Hustedt Jacobsen , a scholar of higher education . This project has involved research at dozens of American colleges and universities and has resulted in three Oxford University Press books ( 2004 , 2008 , and 2012 ) . Their book No Longer Invisible : Religion in University Education won a 2013 American Education Studies Association Critics ' Choice Book Award . The American University in a Postsecular Age won the 2009 Lilly Fellows Book Award . Their work has also been featured in the popular press , including The Daily Beast and Inside Higher Ed .
Jacobsen was born in Brooklyn , New York , and raised in Teaneck , New Jersey . He attended Wheaton College ( IL ) , where he studied with the philosopher Arthur F. Holmes and served as a teaching assistant for biblical scholar Gordon Fee . He then completed a masters and doctorate at the University of Chicago , where he studied with Martin E. Marty and Jerald C. Brauer . Jacobsen taught at Messiah University in Mechanicsburg , PA , from 1984 through 2019 , and then retired as Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Church History and Theology . He previously taught at the University of Illinois , and he has been a visiting scholar at Pepperdine University .
Jacobsen , a member of the United Church of Christ , is an ecumenical theologian whose thinking has been influenced by Anabaptist , Catholic , Evangelical , Orthodox , and Pentecostal perspectives . In 2006 , he co-authored ( with Rodney Sawatsky ) a short introduction to theology entitled Gracious Christianity that emphasizes the role of love and gratitude in Christian life and thought . His most recent book is entitled What is Christianity ? , which argues that Christianity can never be defined by any static set of beliefs but is instead a diverse , flexible , and still developing movement of people seeking to love God and serve their neighbors in an ever-changing , multicultural world .
References
External links
Religion in the Academy website
Global Christianity YouTube channel
Religious studies scholars
University of Chicago alumni
Living people
Wheaton College ( Illinois ) alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Dialed Number Identification Service ( DNIS ) is a service offered by telecommunications companies to corporate clients which identifies the originally dialed telephone number of an inbound call . The client may use this information for call routing to internal destinations or activation of special call handling .
For DNIS service , the telephone company sends a sequence of typically four to ten digits during call setup .
Direct inward dial ( DID ) service also provides DNIS .
For example , a company may have a different toll-free telephone number for each product line it sells , or for multilingual customer support . If a call center is handling calls for multiple product lines , the corporate telephone system that receives the call analyzes the DNIS signaling and may play an appropriate recorded greeting . For interactive voice response ( IVR ) systems , DNIS is used as routing information for dispatching purposes , to determine which script or service should be activated based on the number that was dialed to reach the IVR platform .
In the United States , DNIS is commonly provided for 800- and 900-services .
See also
Automatic number identification
References
Authentication methods
Telephone numbers
Tafelberg ( literally `` Table Mountain '' ) is one of the highest mountains in Suriname at . It is a tepui and is part of the Tafelberg Nature Reserve . The mountain is in the Sipaliwini District . The Rudi Kappel Airstrip , former name : Tafelberg Airstrip , is nearby . In 1943 , the mountain was climbed for the first time by the Coppename River expedition lead by Dirk Geijskes .
References
External links
Google Maps - Tafelberg
Tafelberg expedition YouTube
Inselbergs of South America
Mountains of Suriname
Shilyagi ( ; Kaitag and Dargwa : Шилагьи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Shilyaginsky Selsoviet , Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 484 as of 2010 . There are 19 streets .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
Geography
Shilyagi is located 9 km southwest of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kulidzha and Khungiya are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
The Display is an Australian ballet produced and choreographed by Robert Helpmann to music by Malcolm Williamson for The Australian Ballet . Described as the first wholly Australian ballet , The Display had an all-Australian cast , with sets and costumes by artist Sidney Nolan . The work had its world premiere on 14 March 1964 at Her Majesty 's Theatre in Adelaide as part of the Adelaide Festival of Arts .
Background
The inspiration for The Display came to Robert Helpmann in a dream in which he saw his friend , Hollywood actress Katharine Hepburn , naked on a dais surrounded by lyrebirds . Several years earlier , in 1955 , Hepburn ( then touring Australia with the Old Vic ) took Helpmann to Sherbrooke Forest within Victoria 's Dandenong Ranges to see his first lyrebirds in their natural surroundings . Helpmann was `` fascinated for hours '' by the birds ' fanciful mating dance , referred to in ornithology as a courtship display , which Helpmann chose for the ballet 's title . Helpmann eventually dedicated The Display to Hepburn .
The Display draws parallels between the courtship rituals of the lyrebird and the mateship displayed by a group of Australian men as they attempt to seduce a woman at a bush picnic . The men play a game of Australian rules football , a sequence for which Helpmann invited VFL great Ron Barassi to coach the dancers .
Australian author and playwright Patrick White was originally approached by Helpmann to write the scenario for The Display , however the two artists had a falling out over White 's interpretation of Helpmann 's vision , and White 's libretto was rejected . For decades it was assumed lost until dance historian Michelle Potter chanced upon a copy in the National Library entitled A scenario for a ballet by Patrick White .
Cast
The first cast was :
Kathleen Gorham ( Female )
Barry Kitcher ( Male/Lyrebird )
Garth Welch ( Outsider )
Bryan Lawrence ( Leader )
Synopsis
Further reading
References
1964 ballet premieres
Ballets by Robert Helpmann
Display
Compositions by Malcolm Williamson
Donald Lucas is a trombone artist and educator . He is an associate professor and Brass , Woodwind & Percussion department chair at the Boston University School of Music and served as president of the International Trombone Association .
Honors and achievements
Lucas , a Fulbright Scholar , is the recipient of the Premier Prix at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama ; he is the only brass musician ever to receive this prize . Lucas also has received the Bronze Medal L'unamite , Toulon International Solo Competition ; First Place `` Fellow '' , Harmony Ridge Brass Festival ; first place solo and group competitions , National Christian Artists Seminar ; first prize winner , ITA Frank Smith Trombone Solo Competition ; and first prize , the American Classic Trombone Quartet , Summit Brass International Brass Chamber Group Competition . Lucas has performed under notable conductors Leonard Slatkin , Iván Fischer , John Adams , Hugh Wolf , and Christopher Hogwood .
Lucas has also commissioned and premiered many works by composers Theodore Antoniou , Gary D. Belshaw , Derek Bourgeouis , Jacques Casterede , Franz Cibulka , Adam Gorb , Alun Hoddinott , Elena Roussanova Lucas , David Maslanka , Daniel Schnyder , and Fisher Tull .
Performance and teaching
International
Lucas has led masterclasses and performed recitals internationally , including :
United Kingdom
The British Trombone Society Festival
Guildhall School of Music and Drama
Chetham 's School of Music
Repton Brass Festival
Royal Academy of Music
Royal Northern College of Music
The Royal Scottish Academy of Music
Wigmore Hall
Nottingham Trent University
Russia
Moscow Conservatory
Saint Petersburg Conservatory
Fine Arts Institute – Vladivostok
Other international engagements
Korean Trombone Festival
Brazilian Trombone and Tuba Association Festival
Paris Conservatory
Trombones de Costa Rica International Brass Festival
International Trombone Festival – 1996 ( Feldkirch , Austria )
International Trombone Symposium ( Melbourne , Australia )
United States
In addition to serving on the faculties of Boston University , Texas Tech University , Eastern New Mexico University , and Sam Houston State University , Lucas has taught numerous master classes and has given many performances across the country at venues such as Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall , the Juilliard School , Terrace Theatre at the Kennedy Center , the Eastman School of Music , the United States Army Band `` Pershing 's Own '' , the West Point United States Military Academy Band , the United States Naval Academy Band , the Midwest Band and Orchestra Clinic , the MasterWorks Festival , the New York Conference of Brass Scholarships , the Eastern Trombone Workshop , 76 Trombones + 4 Trombones Festival , Harmony Ridge Brass Festival , College Band Directors National Association Convention , the Texas Bandmasters Association Convention , the Texas Music Educators Association Convention , the Christian Artists Music Festival , the Las Vegas Music Festival , the Boston University Tanglewood Institute , and dozens of appearances at universities , festivals , camps , and schools .
Education
Lucas attended the University of North Texas College of Music , Texas Tech University ( BM , MM ) , the University of Houston ( DMA work ) , and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama ( Advanced Solo Studies Diploma ) . His principal teachers include Denis Wick , Robert Deahl , Al Lube , Carsten Svanberg , Phil Wilson , Michel Becquet , Allen Barnhill , John Marcellus , Leon Brown , and Dave Maser .
Discography
Lucas has released two solo albums : Hymns for Trombone and Cantabile both showcase his lyrical style . He can also be heard on recordings with the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra and the American Wind Symphony Orchestra . He has recorded solo and chamber music for North South Recordings and Warwick Music Publishers .
References
External links
Don Lucas biography at Boston University
Online Don Lucas masterclass given at the Eastern Trombone Workshop 2007
Lucas performing with The Concord Band
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American trombonists
Male trombonists
University of North Texas College of Music alumni
21st-century trombonists
21st-century American male musicians
San Miguel County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 8,072 . The county seat is Telluride . The county is named for the San Miguel River .
History
San Miguel County was given the Spanish language name for `` Saint Michael '' due to the nearby San Miguel River . On 27 February 1883 , Ouray County was split to form San Miguel County . Originally the San Miguel County portion was to retain the name Ouray County with the new portion called Uncompahgre County .
Mining operators in the San Juan mountain area of Colorado formed the San Juan District Mining Association ( SJDMA ) in 1903 , as a direct result of a Western Federation of Miners proposal to the Telluride Mining Association for the eight-hour day , which had been approved in a referendum by 72 percent of Colorado voters . The new association consolidated the power of thirty-six mining properties in San Miguel , Ouray , and San Juan counties . The SJDMA refused to consider any reduction in hours or increase in wages , helping to provoke a bitter strike .
In 1875 , the Smuggler gold vein was discovered near Telluride . The Smuggler-Union , Tomboy , and Liberty Bell mines combined produced over a hundred tons of gold by 1920 , third in the state of Colorado .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Montrose County - north
Ouray County - east
San Juan County - southeast
Dolores County - south
San Juan County , Utah - west
Major highways
State Highway 62
State Highway 141
State Highway 145
National protected areas
Lizard Head Wilderness
Mount Sneffels Wilderness
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Telluride National Historic District
Uncompahgre National Forest
Trails and byways
Great Parks Bicycle Route
San Juan Skyway National Scenic Byway
Unaweep/Tabeguache Scenic and Historic Byway
Western Express Bicycle Route
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 6,594 people , 3,015 households , and 1,423 families living in the county . The population density was 5 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 5,197 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 93.57 % White , 0.29 % Black or African American , 0.85 % Native American , 0.74 % Asian , 0.08 % Pacific Islander , 3.37 % from other races , and 1.11 % from two or more races . 8.6 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 3,015 households 22.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 38.30 % were married couples living together , 5.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 52.80 % were non-families . 32.70 % of households were one person and 2.50 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.77 .
The age distribution was 17.60 % under the age of 18 , 9.90 % from 18 to 24 , 43.30 % from 25 to 44 , 25.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 3.40 % 65 or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 120.80 males . For every 100 females age eighteen 18 and over , there were 126.40 males .
The median household income was $ 48,514 and the median family income was $ 60,417 . Males had a median income of $ 35,922 versus $ 30,278 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 35,329 . About 6.60 % of families and 10.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.10 % of those under age 18 and 8.00 % of those age 65 or over .
In June 2021 , U.S. News & World Report ranked the San Miguel County as having the best life expectancy in the United States at 100+ years old .
Politics
For most of the 20th century , San Miguel County was a national bellwether . It voted for the winner in every presidential election from 1912 to 1984 . Since 1988 , the county has become one of the most Democratic in Colorado and the nation , largely due to the presence of the Telluride Ski Resort and the influx of liberal-minded voters in the 1960s and 1970s . These trends have made San Miguel similar in vein to other heavily Democratic ski resort counties like Blaine County in Idaho , Teton County in Wyoming , and Pitkin County within Colorado . In the 2000 presidential election , San Miguel County was Green Party candidate Ralph Nader 's best countywide performance in the country with 17.2 % of the vote .
Communities
Towns
Mountain Village
Norwood
Ophir
Sawpit
Telluride
Unincorporated Communities
Ames
Egnar
Pandora
Placerville
Sams
Slick Rock
Tomboy ( ghost town )
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in San Miguel County , Colorado
References
External links
San Miguel County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1883 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1883
Chatchai Paiseetong ( ) was a Thai Muay Thai fighter . He was a two-times Lumpinee Stadium champion and Sports Authority of Thailand fighter of the year during the golden era of Muay Thai .
Biography & career
His nickname Samart 2 is a reference to the Muay Thai legendary Samart Payakaroon who trained at the same gym . Paiseetong was compared to him for his elegance and technical proficiency in the ring .
His peak happened during the year 1993 at the age of 19 . That yeah he had 7 wins and 3 losses , for this performance he earned the Thailand Sport Authority FIghter of the Year award . Chatchai 's prime was relatively short as he struggled to maintain his weight .
On February 1 , 2002 , Paiseetong fought Alexei Pekarchyk . After the bout he had a stroke and was transported to the hospital where his death from heart failure was pronounced at 1:30 AM the next night . He was 28 years old .
Titles & honours
Lumpinee Stadium
1993 Lumpinee Stadium ( 122 lbs ) champion
1993 Lumpinee Stadium ( 122 lbs ) champion
Awards
1993 Lumpinee Stadium Fighter of the Year
1993 Sports Authority of Thailand fighter of the year
Fight record
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2002-02-01 || Loss ||align=left| Alexei Pekarchyk || || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # ; ''
| 1999-11-05 || ||align=left| Buatong Sitputapim || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || || ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1998-03-10 || Loss ||align=left| Rambojiew Por.Thubtim || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1997- || Win ||align=left| Jompoplek Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1997- || Loss||align=left| Jompoplek Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1996-11-26 || Loss ||align=left| Dawudon Sor.Suchart || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1996-08-23 || Loss ||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1996- || Win||align=left| Keng Singkankhonkui || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1996-04-19 || Loss ||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1996-03-19 || Win ||align=left| Jompoplek Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1996-02-15 ||Win ||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Right Hook ) || 3||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| ? || Loss ||align=left| Kaoponglek Luksuratham || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-12-21 ||Win ||align=left| Prabsuk Sit Santad || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1995-09-12 || Loss ||align=left| Namkabuan Nongkeepahuyuth || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995- || Win||align=left| Therdkiat Sitthepitak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| ? || Win||align=left| Den Muangsurin || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-06-10 || Win||align=left| Cherry Sor Wanich || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1995-05-05 || Loss ||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1995-03-03 || Loss ||align=left| Samkor Chor.Rathchatasupak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-12-21 || Win||align=left| Prabsuk Sitsantad || Rajadamnern Stadium Anniversary || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # c5d2ea ; ''
| 1994-11-29 || Draw ||align=left| Therdkiat Sitthepitak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-11-15 || Win ||align=left| Hansuk Prasathinpanomrung || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Head Kick ) || 3 ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-10-19 || Loss ||align=left| Wanwiset Kaennorasing || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-09-09|| Loss ||align=left| Mathee Jadeepitak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ||5 ||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-08-09 || Loss ||align=left| Namkabuan Nongkeepahuyuth || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-06-20|| Win ||align=left| Therdkiat Sitthepitak || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ||5 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-05-27|| Win ||align=left| Mathee Jadeepitak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || TKO ( High kick ) || 2||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-04-29|| Loss||align=left| Boonlai Sor.Thanikul || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-03-08 || Loss ||align=left| Karuhat Sor.Supawan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-02-15 || Win||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO || 3||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1994-01-28 || Loss||align=left| Kaensak Sor.Ploenjit|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1993-12-17 || Loss ||align=left| Karuhat Sor.Supawan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-11-30 || Win ||align=left| Wangchannoi Sor Palangchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1993-10-22 || Loss||align=left| Wangchannoi Sor Palangchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-09-17 || Win ||align=left| Karuhat Sor.Supawan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-08-31 || Win ||align=left| Boonlai Sor.Thanikul || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-07-09 || Win ||align=left| Jaroensap Kiatbanchong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Spinning back Elbow ) || 5 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-06-08 || Win ||align=left| Chainoi Muangsurin || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( High Kick ) || 5 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-05-07 || Win ||align=left| Kruekchai Kitayongyut || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1993-02-26 || Loss ||align=left| Meechok Sor.Ploenjit || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-01-29 || Win ||align=left| Detduang Por Pongsawang || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1992-12-29 || Win ||align=left| Detduang Por Pongsawang || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1992-10-24 ||Loss||align=left| Kongklai Sit Kru Od || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1992-05-02 || Win ||align=left| Paruhatlek Sitchunthong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ||5 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1992-04-07 ||Loss||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1992-02-07 || Loss ||align=left| Toto Por Pongsawang || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1991-12-29 || Win ||align=left| Fahpichit Sor.Rachada || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # ; '' comprend pas https : //www.facebook.com/photo/ ? fbid=3376655799083587 & set=bc.AbocoPajexrJUOUV61R8K7R_1EbbGiq_usvZ_X7JuSaq080jfnZ1e1OPPUQKfdz4PO90hImzXzK7RfFvKOTviSMUy7WVo8mFhvoxf5Qat7ked9bG4D6oYzkwjlPaoG04F-eGE-0VY4rv7qFhDuBAGlLCRIou5YxQRFfC28FSwd40Gpfuc40ORMES2WP2HPd2yTFeCbZr7irrpenRxCyohPn0frDzu69bsASdtOEvi901lDcxyp46gtrEyhYvfuTpP459S969ekG_hYXP_TSLzo5uwyPpAOHsL3j1t4h42bMytognuQ18DS3ECZ_X3uffb8E & opaqueCursor=Abp5PDLvfsbb4u2JvMzpPm0bQOZxf51pQkLg73jl36JLJw1h7raKluJcZTy5B4XrGeOiIm0Cqo4iIzdXxSWXj1ltKbRxTonsieDQ4EhJTslZdiwQThKvqkJKFOGAzdjvMVMKDNuLtPy4nt0n6EYnTalBJxQ0D0CVGSVbMdM4iuAqXEZAlBdkJYZqFHsEHG81GsFS7hqN5Xb7QqJCGej6UaJvQTLEVLvaEOasJbLNUnf0_icS2OrVG1tccNnJ6yDYEM86Nw5pc_QO_0pUaw7cExlkCGXsa4f6dPU52GW-oL18SniaEr2c6VZLnggfKRb50LvORFWn271fewAYfJPQ57O-19MJcR5QTWuvmdUIQvElIRYOKIUMli0qyHiPfEDIpB0TW7kpjutkwTkJ0_xtJdR1pva6r7T1AFbeUzFGUegUnghaPr08-ItbmGKgFj9ZPIfqYI9cJDikXEzkDKpNt2kByqTo0DAosEbKD56ITjioT2gJAeM99fbphXektmY5CwYaEjPQ8tCsQSGQ16cdiL1u-B-Ho421y-V-vP4O4u-c95hDHeTmsMmmAGFJ9l1-rJM
| 1991-10-25 || ||align=left| Morakot Sor.Tammarangsri || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1991-09-21 || Win ||align=left| Pichai Wor.Walapon || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Head Kick ) || 4 ||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1991-04-30 || Loss ||align=left| Methanoi Maliwan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1991-03-05 || Win ||align=left| Samingprai Sor.Rungnakorn || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO || ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1991-02-09 || Win ||align=left| Dejpanom Por.Paoin || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Knee ) || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1990 || Win ||align=left| Rungchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
References
1974 births
2002 deaths
Chatchai Paiseetong
Chatchai Paiseetong
Joseph Richardson House may refer to :
Joseph Richardson House ( Uxbridge , Massachusetts ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP )
Joseph Richardson House ( Langhorne , Pennsylvania ) , listed on the NRHP in Bucks County , Pennsylvania
See also
Richardson House ( disambiguation )
Vasileios Melas ( ; 1879 in Athens – 1956 ) was an Lieutenant General of the Hellenic army . He was Pavlos Melas ' younger brother .
Biography
Vasileios Melas was born in Athens and was the last of the seven children of the jurist , merchant and politician Michail Melas and Eleni G. Voutsina from Kefalonia . When he finished secondary school , Vassileios studied in the Hellenic Military Academy . At the age of 17 , he discontinued his studies , joined the cavalry as a corporal and took part in the Greco-Turkish War of 1897 . By the end of the war , he continued his studies and graduated from the academy with the rank of second lieutenant .
Later he continued his military studies at the Infantry and Cavalry School in Namur in Belgium and then he studied as lieutenant in the Cavalry School at Saumur ( France ) ( 1910–11 ) . He fought in the Balkan Wars of 1912–13 and in the Northern Epirote autonomy struggle in 1914 . In 1915–16 , Melas studied at the Captains School . He took part in the Greco-Turkish War of 1919–22 as Commander of the Cavalry Division ( 1920 ) . As colonel , he also served as adjutant of King Alexander of Greece .
From 1923 until 1925 , Melas served as military attaché of Greece in Belgrade and later in Paris and London . In 1926 Melas was promoted to the rank of major general and in 1930 he became a lieutenant general .
Although , at his request , he retired in 1936 . However , he took part in the Greco-Italian War , when he was appointed as senior military commander of Argyrokastro . At the end of the war , he retired . For this period of his life , he wrote the “ Αναμνήσεις και εντυπώσεις αντιστρατήγου Βασ . Μιχ . Μελά από την διοίκησίν του εν Αργυροκάστρω κατά τον Ιταλικόν πόλεμον 1940-1941 ” ( “ Memories and impressions of the Lieutenant General Vas . M. Melas from his command in Argyrokastro during Italian War 1940-1941 ” ) . During his military career he was injured 3 times . Melas was honored many times for his heroism .
He participated in many associations and unions . He was also president of the Athenian Club ( 1938–41 and 1949–56 ) , the Management Committee of Vasileios G. Melas , the Philippos Union and the Epirote Society of Athens , of which he was founding member . Melas was also collaborator in writing the Great Greek Encyclopedia .
After his retirement , he participated in many public welfare activities . Vasileios Melas was a mason in Skenderbeis lodge of Athens , while during the Axis occupation of Greece he was imprisoned by the German forces .
He died in 1956 in Athens . His personal archive has been deposited in the National Historical Museum of Greece . He married Eleni Soutsou , daughter of Alexandros Soutsos ( General and President of the Athenian Club ) and Sophia Nikolaou Mavrokordatou .
References
Bibliography
Pavlos Drandakis , « Μεγάλη Ελληνική Εγκυκλοπαίδεια » , vol . ΙΣΤ ' .
Olga Palaiologou , Το Νηπιακόν Επιμελητήριον Μελά/ Η ίδρυση και τα πρώτα χρόνια ( 1893-1922 ) , Society for Epirotic Studies , Ioannina 2011 .
Maria Papanastasiou , Αρχείο Βασιλείου Μιχαήλ Μελά , από το επιστημονικό περιοδικό Τεκμήρια Ιστορίας/Μονογραφίες , Historical and Ethnological Society of Greece , Athens 2009 .
1879 births
1956 deaths
20th-century Greek people
Hellenic Army generals
Greek military personnel of the Greco-Turkish War ( 1897 )
Greek military personnel of the Greco-Turkish War ( 1919–1922 )
Greek military personnel of the Balkan Wars
Greek military personnel of World War II
Greek Freemasons
Military personnel from Athens
Mustafa Al-Mashadani ( born June 8 , 1992 ) , better known as Almushi , is an Iraqi-Swedish actor , comedian and writer .
Early life
Born and raised in Baghdad , Iraq , Al-Mashadani moved to Malmö , Sweden at the age of five with both of his parents . He has trained boxing since an early age and was trained by Swedish legendary boxing coach Dallas . Always been a fan of comedy , growing up his influences included Eddie Murphy , Jamie Foxx , and Jim Carrey . Almushi currently resides in Malmö , Sweden .
Career
Almushi began writing and producing comedy skits in 2014 . He quickly roses to national fame in Sweden once he began uploading his skits on Facebook . His signature style consists of various imitations as well as exaggerating stereotypes . In an interview with Skånska Dagbladet he revealed that he uses personal experiences from the multicultural Malmö when he makes his sketches .
On August 3 , 2014 , he became the brand ambassador for Swedish dairy company Skånemejerier
In March 2015 , Almushi produced several comedy sketch shows on Swedish Radio Humorhimlen . It was announced in October 2015 that Almushi is in development of Swedish satirical television series . Almushi plans to star in the series , playing various roles . He has also expressed interest in acting in films . He has also begun experimenting with stand-up .
As of December 2015 , he has over 100,000 followers on social media and is one of Sweden 's fastest growing comedians .
References
1992 births
Living people
Swedish male actors
Swedish male comedians
Swedish satirists
Male television writers
Swedish people of Iraqi descent
21st-century Swedish comedians
Gabriel Duop Lam is a South Sudanese politician . As of 2011 , he was the Minister of Law Enforcement in the state of Jonglei . A SPLA major , Lam has also served as commissioner of Ayod County .
Prior to the Revitalise Agreement on the resolutions of conflict in South Sudan 2018 , Duop Lam was appointed as the head of JDB : - Joint Defence board to oversee the implementation of security arrangements .
Duop is the acting Chief of staff of SPLM IO .
References
Living people
People from Jonglei State
County Commissioners of South Sudan
Sudan People 's Liberation Movement politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
David Lindsay ( 20 June 1856 – 17 December 1922 ) was an Australian explorer and surveyor and a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society , London .
Early life
Lindsay was born in Goolwa , South Australia , a son of Captain John Scott Lindsay ( ca.1819 – 29 June 1878 ) , master mariner formerly of Dundee , Scotland , and his wife Catherine , née Reid ( ca.1822 – 28 May 1884 ) . John Lindsay commanded the brig Europa and Sir James Fergusson 's yacht Edith before a career on Murray River steamers which included a pioneering trip to Brewarrina with W. R. Randell in 1859 .
Young Lindsay was educated in Goolwa and under Rev . John Hotham at Port Elliot . At age 15 Lindsay went to work in a chemist shop and then with an Adelaide mining agent .
Explorer
Lindsay became an apprentice in the state government survey department in 1873 . In 1878 he was appointed ( `` gazetted '' in Public Service parlance ) as a senior surveyor in March 1875 . In 1878 he was appointed junior surveyor and clerk in the land office of the Department of the Northern Territory at Palmerston ( now Darwin ) in the Northern Territory . In 1882 he resigned from the government service to take up private practice , but about a year later was placed in charge of a South Australian government expedition to Arnhem Land ( in the Northern Territory ) . The party , consisting of four white men and two Indigenous Australians , met with a hostile response from local Aboriginal people , and drove them off with firearms . Some of the horses had been stampeded during the conflict and the explorers only reached civilisation after suffering many privations . Lindsay subsequently explored territory between the Overland Telegraph Line and the Queensland border and discovered Australia 's first payable mica field . In 1886 Lindsay was exploring in the region of the MacDonnell Ranges and discovered so-called rubies . The 1885–86 expedition traced the Finke River to its mouth .
Early in 1891 Lindsay was placed in charge of the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition entirely equipped by Sir Thomas Elder , and which included Dr. Elliott , a Queensland medical man with photographic and botanical expertise ; Helms of the Sydney Museum and Streich , a German geologist and mineralogist . Starting from Warrina , South Australia , with 42 camels on 2 May 1891 with the intention of covering as much unexplored territory as possible between there and the western coast of Australia , the expedition was unfortunate in striking an extremely dry season , the results were disappointing , and the expedition was abandoned without completing much that had been intended . However , in the 11 months to 4 April 1892 over 4000 miles ( 6,400 km ) were traversed , and about 80,000 square miles ( 206,000 km² ) . were mapped . Charges were made by the second officer and three other members of the party concerning Lindsay 's management of the expedition , but after an inquiry had been held he was exonerated . The abandonment of the expedition was ' a terrible disappointment ' to Lindsay .
In 1893 , Lindsay overlanded camels to Coolgardie after news of gold discoveries there , and sold them at a profit .
Lindsay made a number of observations on indigenous tribes ' cultures and languages during all his explorations and survey expeditions , in particular The Elder Scientific Exploration Expedition of 1891 and the Explorations in the Northern Territory of South Australia ( including the Arnheim ( sic ) Land exploration ) .
The scope of the Elder Scientific Expedition , funded by Sir Thomas Elder , included recording fauna , flora , geological structures and climate , mapping the territory , potential for pastoral development , recording original indigenous place names , languages and pronunciation , avoiding conflict with indigenous tribes and to investigate the disappearance of Ludwig Leichhardt .
The expedition occurred during a period of extensive drought . Aided by indigenous people , water was not only sourced but evidence of water harvesting and management of evaporation through shoring up water sources with rocks and branches was observed . Indigenous people were somewhat alarmed at how many camels drank – 44 camels needed 800 gallons of water every few days . Lindsay also noted the extent of burning of the land and the constant presence of smoke observed on the horizon . The mallee scrub had been 'burnt in vast patches ' possible a year or two previously ' and burnt ground had better feed for the camels than unburnt land .
Lindsay 's Brief Notes on the Aborigines met with by the Elder Expedition of 1891-2 , describes differences in physique among different tribes , the reluctance of women and children to interact with the white men although indigenous men interacted variously in friendly or hostile ways . Harvesting water was observed by indigenous tribes excavating conglomerate rocks and after rainfall enlarging the hole until a well was formed with capacity of 300–500 gallons of water .
Lindsay also observed indigenous living conditions in particular on the Northern Territory expedition . Lindsay records a 'solitary mia-mia ( temporary shelter ) formed of bamboo thickly thatched with grass , 6 ft high 10 ft in diameter .. with one entrance…so small I had the greatest difficulty in squeezing through it…the natives told me that when occupied , the entrance was stopped up with grass to keep out mosquitoes . It was used at the beginning of the wet season ( to gather ) wild fowls eggs and a stopping place from one route to another during the wet season ' Lindsay also observes 'manufacture of rope and string out of fibre plants . Baskets are woven so closely as to be water tight ' . Communication was also swift with one communication of the 'murder of a white man…conveyed over 200 miles in less than twenty-four hours ' . Lindsay believed that the Northern Territory could support extensive pastoral ground and in Arnheim ( sic ) Land gold , silver , copper and tin had already been discovered .
In Mr Lindsay 's Explorations through Arnheim 's Land 1884 , Lindsay notes the use of fishing : 'saw a native fishtrap made of “ supple jack '' woven like a basket , 18 ft long and gradually tapering from 3 ft wide at its mouth , leaving at one side a hole to which the mouth of to reap is fixed . As the ride goes in or out the fish coming with it find a barrier , then with a rush , they go through what they suppose to be an opening , but which is in reality a trap , with a blackfellow at the other end ready to pop them into his basket as they come through the hole ' . In general , however , the expedition in Arnhem Land was fraught with hostility between indigenous people and white people . It appears that Lindsay was reluctant at first to engage in hostilities which he encountered especially around Castlereagh Bay , the Roper River and in the locality of the Wornunyan Woorie . 'Were I to go there again I would shoot the first blackfellow I saw ' .
Later life
In 1895 Lindsay was in business as a stockbroker , formed various companies connected with Western Australian goldmines , and shortly before World War I broke out in 1914 was in London raising capital for development work in the Northern Territory . This and other projects had to be abandoned on account of the war .
After the war , Lindsay was in the Northern Territory for three and a half years carrying out topographical surveys for the Australian Federal government . Some good pastoral land was discovered , and Lindsay proved that the Queensland artesian water system extended some 150 miles further west than its supposed limits . He was working in the north again in 1922 but was attacked by illness and died in the Darwin hospital of valvular disease of the heart on 17 December 1922 .
Lindsay married Annie Theresa Stuart Lindsay on 10 March 1881 . She was a daughter of ( unrelated ) Arthur Lindsay , longtime Superintendent of Adelaide Destitute Asylum . She survived him with four sons and a daughter .
Lindsay was tall and broad-shouldered of a genial disposition , a typical and capable bushman .
References
1856 births
1922 deaths
Australian explorers
Australian surveyors
Explorers of Australia
Explorers of South Australia
People from Goolwa , South Australia
Homostichanthidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria .
Genera :
Homostichanthus
References
Actinioidea
Cnidarian families
World Series Cricket ( WSC ) was a break away professional cricket competition staged between 1977 and 1979 .
Formed by Australian businessman Kerry Packer following the refusal of the Australian Cricket Board ( ACB ) to accept the bid of Packer 's Channel Nine to gain exclusive television rights to Australia 's Test matches , World Series Cricket involved matches between WSC Australia XI , WSC World XI and WSC West Indies . The teams included leading Australian , English , Pakistani , South African and West Indian players , most notably England captain Tony Greig , West Indies captain Clive Lloyd , Australian captain Greg Chappell and former Australian captain Ian Chappell .
The teams played five day `` Supertests '' and one day `` International Cup '' matches in Australia and the West Indies . The first WSC game , a Supertest between the Australians and the West Indians , began at VFL Park on 2 December 1977 .
Sixteen Supertest five wicket hauls were by players from all three of the WSC teams . The first of these was by Greg Chappell on 1 January 1978 . Dennis Lillee 's seven wickets for twenty three runs ( 7/23 ) was the best bowling figures in World Series Cricket and Lillee also holds the record for most Supertest five wicket hauls with four .
Eight International Cup five wicket hauls were taken during World Series Cricket , with Andy Roberts claiming the first on 3 February 1978 . No player took more than one five wicket hauls and WSC World XI player Garth Le Roux returned the best figures with five wickets for six runs , against WSC Australia XI .
Key
Date – Date the fifth wicket was taken .
Inn – The innings of the match in which the five-wicket haul was taken .
Overs – Number of overs bowled in that innings .
* - Overs consisting of eight deliveries .
Runs – Runs conceded .
Wkts – Number of wickets taken .
Batsmen – The batsmen whose wickets were taken in the five-wicket haul .
Result – The result for the player 's team in that match .
Supertest five wicket hauls
International Cup five wicket hauls
See also
List of World Series Cricket international centuries
References
Five-wicket hauls
World Series
A Million Air is a privately held aviation company that operates fixed-base operators ( FBOs ) in North America , the Caribbean , Latin America , Asia , . It is headquartered in the United States in Houston , Texas , and was founded in 1984 .
History
A Million Air was founded in 1984 as a single-site FBO located in the Dallas , Texas , area . A Million Air 's goal was to deliver a higher level of service through a luxury FBO to customers in Dallas , consistent to the corporate image within the confines of its corporate jet . In 1984 Million Air Dallas opened in Addison , Texas , as a full-service , first-class business executive lounge for arriving and departing aircraft which was unique at the time .
Operations
The Million Air system operates throughout the United States , Canada and Colombia . It has 1,200 employees and more than 1,050 aircraft within its leasehold . A Million Air serves many aircraft on a daily basis throughout its network of FBOs .
Aviation services
An FBO is a refueling facility for aircraft that also offers a variety of other aviation-related services . A Million Air FBOs provide fueling services , aircraft charter , aircraft sales , aircraft management , and general aviation maintenance services .
In addition , A Million Air has its very own Private Jet Lifestyle Television Network , operated by headquarters . The platform offers luxury advertisers a guaranteed reach into the ultra-affluent and corporate passengers ' eyesight , with 4K SUHD screens and video walls in each of the Million Air private aviation terminals , showing high-quality content and advertising , purchased by luxury agencies around the globe .
External links
http : //www.millionair.com
Fixed-base operators
Charter airlines of the United States
Airlines based in Texas
`` OVER '' is a single by Hey ! Say ! JUMP , released on June 29 , 2011 . In its first week , `` OVER '' sold 265,390 copies , over 18,000 more than the first week sales of their single `` Ultra Music Power '' in 2007 , which remains Hey ! Say ! JUMP 's highest selling single to date . It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan .
`` OVER '' was released in three versions : two limited CD+DVD editions and a regular CD-only edition .
Regular Edition
CD
`` OVER ''
`` Aiing : Aishiteru ''
`` You Got More '' - Hey ! Say ! 7
`` Screw '' - Hey ! Say ! BEST
`` OVER '' ( Original Karaoke )
`` Aiing : Aishiteru '' ( Original Karaoke )
`` You Got More '' ( Original Karaoke ) - Hey ! Say ! 7
`` Screw '' ( Original Karaoke ) - Hey ! Say ! BEST
Limited Edition 1
CD
`` OVER ''
`` OVER '' ( Original Karaoke )
DVD
`` OVER '' ( PV & Making of )
Limited Edition 2
CD
`` OVER ''
`` Born in the EARTH ''
DVD
`` Aiing : Aishiteru '' ( Video Clip )
Charts and certifications
Sales and certifications
References
Hey ! Say ! JUMP songs
2011 singles
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
The ashy-bellied white-eye ( Zosterops citrinella ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae found in the Lesser Sunda Islands and northern Cape York Peninsula . It is sometimes called the pale white-eye or pale-bellied white-eye , but should not be confused with the pale-bellied white-eye ( Zosterops consobrinorum ) .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical mangrove forest .
References
ashy-bellied white-eye
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
ashy-bellied white-eye
ashy-bellied white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Panaspis thomensis , the São Tomé leaf-litter skink , is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae . The species is found on São Tomé .
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 2018
Reptiles of Ethiopia
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Taxa named by Luis M. P. Ceríaco
Taxa named by Leonor B. Soares
Taxa named by Mariana P. Marques
Taxa named by Cristiane Bastos-Silveira
Taxa named by Lauren A. Scheinberg
Taxa named by David James Harris
Taxa named by António Brehm
Taxa named by José Jesus
The Zapolyarnoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug . It was discovered in 1965 and developed by Gazprom . It began production in 2001 and produces natural gas , oil , and condensates . The total proven reserves of the Zapolyarnoye gas field are around 95 trillion cubic feet ( 2300×109m³ ) , and production is slated to be around 9.74 Billion cubic feet/day ( 274×105m³ ) in 2010 .
In 2017 an oil pipeline between Zapolyarnoye and Purpe was launched by Transneft . The pipeline can reportedly transfer up to 7.5 million tonnes of oil per year .
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
Limestone , also known as Limestone Plantation and Limestone Farm , has two historic homes and a farm complex located near Keswick , Albemarle County , Virginia . The main dwelling at Limestone Farm consists of a long , narrow two-story central section flanked by two wings . the main section was built about 1840 , and the wings appear to be two small late-18th-century dwellings that were incorporated into the larger building . It features a two-story porch . The house underwent another major renovation in the 1920s , when Colonial Revival-style detailing was added . The second dwelling is the Robert Sharp House , also known as the Monroe Law Office . It was built in 1794 , and is a -story , brick and frame structure measuring 18 feet by 24 feet . Also on the property are a contributing shed ( garage ) , corncrib ( c. 1910 ) , cemetery , a portion of a historic roadway , and a lime kiln known as `` Jefferson 's Limestone Kiln '' ( 1760s ) . Limestone 's owner in the late-18th century , Robert Sharp , was a neighbor and acquaintance of Thomas Jefferson . The property was purchased by James Monroe in 1816 , after the death of Robert Sharp in 1808 , and he put his brother Andrew Monroe in charge of its administration . The property was sold at auction in 1828 .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 .
References
External links
Monroe Law Office , Limestone Plantation , Virginia Route 250 , Keswick , Albemarle County , VA : 8 measured drawings and 11 data pages at Historic American Buildings Survey
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
American colonial architecture
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Houses completed in 1840
Houses in Albemarle County , Virginia
U.S. Route 250
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County , Virginia
Clubiona rosserae , or Rosser 's sac spider , is a rare species of sac spider native to wetlands of Great Britain . Though once feared to be extinct , a colony was discovered in 2010 at Chippenham Fen in Cambridgeshire . It can also be found at the Cavenham-Icklingham Heaths Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) in north Suffolk .
References
Clubionidae
Spiders of Europe
Spiders described in 1953
The 2008 America East Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 22–24 at Farmingdale State Baseball Stadium in Farmingdale , New York . The top four regular season finishers of the league 's seven teams qualified for the double-elimination tournament . In the championship game , second-seeded Stony Brook defeated first-seeded Binghamton , 6-0 , to win its second tournament championship . As a result , Stony Brook received the America East 's automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA Tournament .
Seeding
The top four finishers from the regular season were seeded one through four based on conference winning percentage only . They then played in a double-elimination format . In the first round , the one and four seeds were matched up in one game , while the two and three seeds were matched up in the other .
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team .
Most Outstanding Player
Stony Brook outfielder Steve Mazzurco was named Most Outstanding Player .
References
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Tournament
American East Conference Baseball Tournament
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in New York ( state )
Sports competitions in New York ( state )
Acronia strasseni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Bernhard Schwarzer in 1931 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1931
Easy Listening ... For Difficult F * * * heads is an album by Pigface , released in 2003 . The album includes contributions from Chris Vrenna , Fallon Bowman , Keith Levene , Edsel Dope , Jared Louche , Jason Miller , Penn Jillette , En Esch , Chris Connelly , and Steven Seibold .
Critical reception
The Washington Post wrote that the album `` emphasizes hammering disco-metal but also encompasses Bowie-ish art-croon ( 'Miss Sway Action ' ) and a sort of raga-rock ( 'Closer to Heaven ' ) . '' The Cleveland Scene called the album `` coherent and engaging : a good starting point for the curious and an improvement for the longtime fan . '' The Pitch wrote that it combines `` the seemingly disparate worlds of atmospheric head music and straight-ahead hardcore in a way that satisfies both sides of the brain . '' The Chicago Tribune called Easy Listening `` a kaleidoscopic blitz of psychedelia , decadent grooves and corrosive riffing . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Martin Atkins - drums , voices ( 1 , 13 ) , vocals ( 5 , 12 ) , vibraphone ( 12 ) , scratches ( 5 , 7 , 8 , 12 , 13 ) mixing ( 1 , 3-7 , 9 , 11-13 )
Chris Connelly - vocals ( 2 , 9 , 10 )
Steven Seibold - vocals ( 2 ) , guitars ( 2 ) , programming ( 2 )
Keith Levene - guitars ( 6 )
Charles Levi - bass ( 6 , 8 , 13 )
Groovie Mann - vocals ( 6 , 12 )
Lacey Conner - vocals ( 6 )
Mary Dee Reynolds - vocals ( 6 )
Chris Vrenna - programming ( 7 )
En Esch - vocals ( 8 )
Krztoff - vocals ( 9 ) , guitar ( 9 )
Julian Beeston - programming ( 13 ) , synths ( 13 ) , others ( 13 )
Jason Miller - vocals ( 7 )
The Method - bass , programming ( 7 )
Mike Miller - guitar ( 7 )
Edsel Dope - vocals ( 4 ) , guitar ( 4 ) , bass ( 4 ) , programming ( 4 )
Andre Karkos - additional guitar ( 4 )
Curse Mackey - voice ( 13 )
Meg Lee Chin - backing vocals ( 1 )
Greta Brinkman - bass ( 1 )
Jason McNinch - guitar ( 1 )
Adam Yoffe - programming ( 1 )
DJ Lumas - scratches ( 1-3 , 5 )
Chris Randall - synths ( 1 , 2 , 5 ) , acoustic guitar ( 9 )
Fallon Bowman - vocals ( 1 , 4 ) , guitars ( 2 , 5 , 13 )
Nick Korostyshevsky - mixing ( 2 ) , acoustic guitar ( 5 )
Dave Suycott - mixing
Michelle Walters - vocals ( 2 , 5 )
John Bergin - vocals ( 3 ) , composition ( 3 )
Lo - vocals ( 3 )
David Flick - synths ( 5 )
Rahul Sharma - sitar ( 6 )
Judd Gruenbaum - vocals ( 7 )
Jason Novak - vocals ( 8 ) , programming ( 8 ) , mixing ( 8 )
Grey Parker - drums ( 8 )
Dan Brill - tabla drum ( 8 )
Jared Louche - vocals ( 11 )
Ezekiel Kazem - engineering ( 13 )
Penn Jillette - voice ( 13 )
Ross Tregenza - engineering ( 11 )
References
Pigface albums
2003 albums
Underground , Inc. albums
American Epic : The Best of The Carter Family is a compilation of Carter Family songs recorded between 1927 and 1933 and released in 2017 to accompany the award-winning American Epic documentary film series . The album was released as a 15-track download and a vinyl LP .
Background
During the pre-production of the American Epic films , film director Bernard MacMahon and producers and co-writers Duke Erikson and Allison McGourty created a series of compilation album releases exploring the music of some of the performers featured in the documentaries . MacMahon stated that `` the Carter Family 's story is central to the whole notion of country music , and it has been told in many ways , but we were particularly interested in them because so much of early country music was recorded by male artists , and to us the Carter Family is very much a female group . '' MacMahon opened the film with the Carter Family 's story showing how they were one of the most important country acts discovered at the legendary Bristol Sessions in 1927 . The Bristol recording sessions are widely regarded as `` the Big Bang of country music . '' A significant motivation for releasing the album was the sonic breakthrough that the American Epic film sound department had made in transferring and restoring the old shellac 78rpm discs for the film 's soundtrack .
Compilation
The album collects performances from the Carter Family 's recording sessions for Victor Records and Bluebird Records between 1927 and 1933 . It includes three of their first commercial recordings for Ralph Peer at the Bristol Sessions , `` The Wandering Boy '' , `` The Poor Orphan Child '' and `` Bury Me Under the Weeping Willow '' . It features songs about historical events like `` Engine One-Forty-Three '' about the train wreck of Chesapeake and Ohio Railway 's Fast Flying Virginian near Hinton , West Virginia on 23 October 1890 and `` John Hardy Was a Desperate Little Man '' about the hanging of a railroad worker , John Hardy , on January 19 , 1894 after he shot Thomas Drews over a dispute in a craps game in Keystone , West Virginia in 1893 . The album includes songs that would be covered by many subsequent acts and have become country music standards like `` Wildwood Flower '' and `` Keep on The Sunny Side '' . The compilation also contains religious songs in the band 's early repertoire like `` When the World 's on Fire '' along with blues numbers like `` Worried Man Blues '' as well as Appalachian ballads like `` Lonesome Valley '' , `` The Foggy Mountain Top '' and `` Sweet Fern '' . All the songs are credited as being written by A.P . Carter who searched for material on frequent song hunting trips throughout the Appalachians where he uncovered and adapted old folk songs , although Sara Carter stated in a 1978 interview that she and Maybelle Carter were also responsible for finding many of their early songs in their recorded repertoire .
Restoration
New sound restoration techniques developed for the American Epic film series were utilized to restore the fifteen recordings on the album . The 78rpm record transfers were made by sound engineer Nicholas Bergh using reverse engineering techniques garnered from working with the restored first electrical sound recording system from the 1920s in The American Epic Sessions . This was followed by meticulous sound restoration on these 1920s recordings , by sound engineers Peter Henderson and Joel Tefteller , to reveal greater fidelity , presence , and clarity than had been heard before . Some of the recordings were repressed from the original metal parts , which the audio team located whilst researching the films . Henderson explained , `` in some cases we were lucky enough to get some metal parts – that 's the originals where they were cut to wax and the metal was put into the grooves and the discs were printed from those back in the '20s . Some of those still exist – Sony had some of them in their vaults . ''
Release
The album was released on June 16 , 2017 , one month after the US broadcast of American Epic : The Big Bang , the first film in the American Epic series , which included the Carter Family 's story . The album was issued as a download by Sony Legacy and a vinyl LP by Third Man Records .
Critical reception
The album was described by The Village Voice as featuring `` re-mastering I can only call profound . Performances you might think you knew sound as if you 've never heard them before — never apprehended them . '' Ian Anderson reviewing the work in fRoots added , `` you have n't really heard these tracks at all . Not like this . Forget bad dubs of worn-out 78s pressed on poor vinyl . The 'reverse engineering ' transfers by Nicholas Bergh and subsequent restorations are so startlingly better , practically everything you will ever have experienced from this era can be discounted and CD is the best way to hear them . The clarity of group recordings where every instrument is well defined , and their instruments and voices suddenly sound real , will have you on the edge of your seat . And there 's none of that fog of 78 surface noise which many people find too much of a distraction : suddenly , legendary artists are in the room with you . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Sara Carter – vocals , autoharp
Maybelle Carter – vocals , guitar
A.P . Carter – vocals
Bernard MacMahon - editor , compiler , producer
Nicholas Bergh - 78rpm transfers , mastering
Peter Henderson - restoration , mastering , producer
Duke Erikson - restoration , mastering , producer
Joel Tefteller - restoration , mastering , compiler
John Polito - mastering
Ellis Burman - mastering
Allison McGourty - producer
Adam Block - producer
Patrick Ferris - associate producer
Jack McLean - associate producer
Nat Strimpopulos : artwork
References
Notes
Bibliography
Wald , Elijah & McGourty , Allison & MacMahon , Bernard . American Epic : The First Time America Heard Itself . New York : Touchstone , 2017. .
External links
Official website
Carter Family albums
Folk albums by American artists
2017 compilation albums
Folk compilation albums
Compilation albums by American artists
Country music compilation albums
Country albums by American artists
LO-MAX Records albums
Legacy Recordings compilation albums
Third Man Records albums
D216 is a state road in central Croatia connecting Vojnić and the D6 state road to Maljevac border crossing to Velika Kladuša , Bosnia and Herzegovina . The road is long .
The road , as well as all other state roads in Croatia , is managed and maintained by Hrvatske ceste , state owned company .
Traffic volume
Traffic is regularly counted and reported by Hrvatske ceste , operator of the road .
Road junctions and populated areas
Sources
State roads in Croatia
Sisak-Moslavina County
Oakleaf Bearers , or The Battle for Skandia in the United States , is the fourth novel in the Ranger 's Apprentice book series , which was written by Australian author John Flanagan . Its story continues from where the previous book , The Icebound Land , ended .
This book was a finalist for the 2006 Aurealis Award for Best Children 's Novel . The book continues to track Will on his adventures and includes such characters as Halt , his mentor , and Horace , his best friend .
Plot summary
In the previous book , The Icebound Land , Cassandra ( the Crown Princess of Araluen ) and Will ( an apprentice Ranger ) had been captured and sold as slaves in Skandia . As time went on , Halt ( Will 's mentor and a legendary Ranger ) and Horace ( a Battleschool apprentice and Will 's best friend ) travelled across Gallica , defeating knights , and ridding Gallica of the evil warlord Deparnieux . They are now in Gallica ready to travel through a pass into Skandia to save Will and Cassandra ( known as Evanlyn ) . Meanwhile , Will has overcome his addiction to warmweed and finally regains his senses . Cassandra is out checking previously set snares for food when she is captured by a member of a Temujai scout party , or Tem'uj .
Halt and Horace , still on their rescue mission , find a border outpost where a dozen Skandians lay dead , shot by arrows . Halt manages to recognise an arrow , shot by the Temujai and becomes instantly worried . Two decades ago , the Temujai had nearly conquered the world , but with politics and a dish of bad shellfish , the invasion was stopped . Around the same time , Will recovers enough to search for Cassandra after realising she has gone missing and finds her about to be killed by one of the Temujai . In an ensuing battle , Halt and Horace , having managed to track the Temujai down , come to Will 's aid and they rescue Cassandra .
Halt and the group , after being reunited , are then captured by Erak , the Skandian Jarl who had set Cassandra and Will free . Erak had been trying to track down the people who shot the Skandians at the other gate , and hastily comes to the conclusion that Halt was responsible . Halt manages to convince the senior Jarl to listen to him , stating that the Skandians have no chance as they are greatly outnumbered and the Temujai have long-range archers , versus the Skandians in one-on-one close combat . Halt and Erak also manage to find the main army of the Temujai , followed by a very narrow escape because of Erak 's extreme clumsiness .
Halt makes the decision to stay in Skandia to help them in their coming war against the Temujai , as he fears they will take the Skandians ' ships to invade Araluen after they win . Erak agrees to get Ragnak , the Oberjarl , to let Halt become their strategist as he had lived and fought with and against the Temujai before , thus knowing their battle plans and style of fighting .
Halt and Will also attempt to convince the Oberjarl to allow Will to train 100 slaves to become archers with the promise of freedom , and he does so reluctantly . 100 Skandians are also assigned to use hit-and-run tactics to delay the Temujai 's arrival in Hallasholm . The Temujai do not expect this kind of strategic action from the blunt Skandians , and their leaders begin to have some suspicions .
Soon , the Temujai begin their first attack using strategic units of fifty troops known as Ulans and , as Halt had said previously , make a fake retreat , which the Skandians purposely follow . Halt , however , had placed a group of Skandians in a forest behind the frontline to ambush the Temujai . This ambush of their own drives the remaining Temujai forces back to the General of the Army , and his Colonel of Intelligence , who are surprised because the Skandians were not behaving anything at all as they 'd expected .
In the battle , Will manages to keep his archers concealed for a while , but they are eventually spotted . Will keeps his archers firing their arrows , but following an assault by multiple Ulan leaders , the force is cut down until they can not continue . Meanwhile , the Skandians begin to make an impact on the opposing army , and the General orders a retreat back to his homeland as he has lost too many warriors . Halt makes it clear that the Skandians did not win , but rather made it too costly for the Temujai to continue .
Afterward , a funeral is held for Ragnak who succumbed to the dozens of wounds he received in the battle . Erak is subsequently elected as Oberjarl and signs a treaty with Cassandra , stipulating that Skandia will not participate in large-scale raids on Araluen like their alliance with Morgarath again in exchange for a force of archers for Skandia 's defence . Following this , Erak takes the group back to Araluen . After a long and happy reunion , Will and Cassandra then find out that Halt has been banished ; Erak saves the awkward moment by trying to include it in their treaty to pardon him , to which King Duncan agrees . In the end , Halt is invited back to the Ranger Corps , Horace is rewarded with a knighthood and position in Cassandra 's personal guard , and Will is given the opportunity to become a lieutenant of the Royal Scouts , a high position in the King 's army that trains archers , into which only nobles are admitted ; this would give him fame and reputation , but Will , in his heart , knows that he wishes to continue his training to become a full-fledged Ranger and states this as he rejects the offer . As he rides back to Redmont with Halt , Cassandra voices her sadness as she feels she and Will are becoming distant , but Horace , in an attempt to comfort her , reminds her that the Rangers will always be different .
External links
Oakleaf Bearers at Random House Australia
The Battle for Skandia at Penguin Group ( USA )
Oakleaf Bearers at Random House UK
Oakleaf Bearers at Random House NZ
Ranger 's Apprentice books
2006 Australian novels
Nordlund House is a historic house in central Denver , Colorado . Designed by Eugene G. Groves , it is a seven-level building and 3,000 square foot dwelling . The exterior is precast and poured-in-place , reinforced concrete , a process that was patented by Groves and made by his construction company . The exterior walls have rounded corners and are finished in stucco . There is a rooftop terrace and a domed living room roof . Decorative elements include wrought iron and red glazed tiles .
Concrete is used within the interior of the house , including the built-in seating in the kitchen , kitchen countertops and cabinet faces , and bookcases . The house has an irregular , seven-level floor plan . It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 12 , 1998 .
References
1939 establishments in the United States
Houses in Denver
National Register of Historic Places in Denver
Norwich railway station ( formerly Norwich Thorpe ) is the northern terminus of the Great Eastern Main Line in the East of England , serving the city of Norwich , Norfolk . It is down the main line ( measured via Ipswich ) from London Liverpool Street , the western terminus .
It is also the terminus of numerous secondary lines : the Breckland Line to ; the Bittern Line to ; and the Wherry Lines to and .
The station is currently managed by Greater Anglia , which also operates the majority of the trains that serve the station . East Midlands Railway operates the services to via , and .
History
At one time , there were three railway stations in Norwich . Norwich Thorpe is the current and only remaining station and still known locally as `` Thorpe station '' . was the terminus for some passenger services from London until 1916 , as well as being a goods station until its demolition in the 1970s . was the terminus of the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway line from until it was closed to passengers in 1959 .
Early history
The original station was opened by the Yarmouth & Norwich Railway ( Y & NR ) , which was the earliest railway in Norfolk . The YNR 's Act of Parliament of 18 June 1842 authorised the issue of £200,000 worth of shares to build a line between the two towns , via Reedham and the Yare valley . The chairman was George Stephenson and the chief engineer was his son , Robert Stephenson . Construction started in April 1843 and the line was completed within a year . There was an inspection and inaugural run on 12 April 1844 and a ceremonial opening on 30 April 1844 , followed the next day by the beginning of regular passenger services .
On 18 May 1844 , 17 days after the Y & NR started running train services , Parliament gave the Royal Assent to the Norwich & Brandon Railway ( N & BR ) . This was part of a plan to link the Y & NR with London , by linking up with the Eastern Counties Railway ( ECR ) being built from Newport , Essex , to Brandon , Suffolk . Work started quickly during 1844 and went on into 1845 . On 30 June 1845 , a Bill authorising the amalgamation of the Y & NR with the N & BR came into effect and Norwich station became a Norfolk Railway asset .
The N & BR line arrived at the station on 15 December 1845 , which offered a route to Shoreditch in London via and . The Eastern Union Railway ( EUR ) was building a line towards Norwich and that led to great rivalry between the EUR and the ECR . The ECR trumped the EUR by taking over the Norfolk Railway , including Norwich Station , on 8 May 1848 . The following year , the EUR started services to Norwich Victoria . The opening of Norwich Victoria on 12 December 1849 led to the ECR naming its station Norwich Thorpe . On 27 August 1851 , EUR services from started serving the better-placed Thorpe station .
By the 1860s , the railways in East Anglia were in financial trouble and most were leased to the Eastern Counties Railway . They wanted to amalgamate them formally , but government agreement could not be obtained until an Act of Parliament on 7 August 1862 , when the Great Eastern Railway ( GER ) was formed by the amalgamation . Actually , Norwich Thorpe and Norwich Victoria became GER stations on 1 July 1862 , when the GER took over the ECR and the EUR before the Bill had received the Royal Assent .
Great Eastern Railway ( 1862-1922 )
A decade after the GER was formed , the latter promoted a new line from Norwich to Cromer . That line was opened on 20 October 1874 and a new station was constructed at the junction of the Cromer line and Yarmouth & Norwich line . The new station , Whitlingham , stood between Norwich Thorpe and Brundall on the Yarmouth line .
With traffic growing , it was apparent a new station was required in Norwich . It was built to the north of the original station , opening on 3 May 1886 and is the structure surviving today . The old terminus became part of the expanded goods facilities .
The new station was built , at the cost of £60,000 , by Messrs Youngs and Son , of Norwich , from designs by Messrs J Wilson and W. N. Ashbee , the company 's engineer and architect respectively . The attractive station building was constructed around a central clock tower ( the clock was supplied by Dixons and Co of London Street , Norwich ) with two-storey matching wings either side . A portico was built onto the clock-tower section . There was a circulating area with a high ceiling and the roof was supported by ironwork supplied by contractor Barnard Bishop and Barnard . The roof extended partly down the platforms , which were then covered by canopies for part of their length . There were initially five platforms , with engine-release roads between platforms 2 and 3 , and 4 and 5 , which allowed locomotives to be detached from trains without the need to shunt the carriages out of the station .
The GER and Norwich Thorpe changed little for the next 30 years . On 22 May 1916 , the GER closed Trowse station as a wartime economy measure . That meant the first station south of Thorpe on the Ipswich line was Swainsthorpe and the next station west of Thorpe on the Ely line was Hethersett . On 1 April 1919 , five months after the end of the war , the GER reopened Trowse station . The GER went out of existence following the creation of the `` Big Four '' railway companies in 1923 .
London and North Eastern Railway ( 1923-1947 )
On 1 January 1923 , the GER amalgamated with several other railways to form the London and North Eastern Railway ( LNER ) . This was as a result of the Railways Act 1921 , which saw most of the 120 railway companies grouped into four main companies , in an effort to stem their losses . Norwich Thorpe became an LNER asset .
During World War II the station was bombed in June 1940 and April 1942 .
Following the Transport Act 1947 the Big Four railway companies , including the LNER , were amalgamated into the nationalised British Railways ( BR ) .
British Railways ( 1948-1994 )
On 1 January 1948 , the nationalisation of Britain 's railways saw the operation of Norwich Thorpe station pass to British Railways ( Eastern Region ) .
Platform 6 was added in 1954 and a modern booking hall was built in 1955 .
During the late 1950s , steam locomotives were phased out across the East Anglian network and replaced by diesel-powered trains .
After Norwich City station was closed as part of the Beeching cuts , British Rail decided to revert the name of the station to Norwich , which took effect on 5 May 1969 .
When the station closed briefly for electrification works in 1986 , , a disused suburban station , was put back into service as the temporary terminus of the line . It closed again when Norwich re-opened . The signalling was also modernised at that time and the track layout simplified . On completion of the electrification project , Norwich-London InterCity trains switched from being hauled by Class 47 diesel locomotives to Class 86 electric locomotives .
The privatisation era ( 1994-present )
On 1 April 1994 , under the Railways Act 1993 , ownership of the station passed to a new private company , Railtrack , which was restructured into Network Rail in 2004 . Train services to Norwich were later privatised , with most services passing to Anglia Railways in January 1997 . Services towards the West Midlands were taken over by Central Trains in March 1997 . Anglia trains handed over their franchise to National Express East Anglia in 2004 . Three years later , on 11 November 2007 , the Central Trains franchise was broken up and West Midlands services to Norwich were taken over by East Midlands Trains . The National Express East Anglia franchise passed to Abellio Greater Anglia on 5 February 2012 . All services operated by East Midlands Trains were transferred to East Midlands Railway in August 2019 , after EMT 's franchise expired .
Layout
Platform 1 : Greater Anglia inter-city services to London Liverpool Street and used occasionally for Breckland Line services to and Stansted Airport ; East Midlands Railway services to via .
Platform 2 : Greater Anglia inter-city services to London Liverpool Street .
Platform 3 : Greater Anglia inter-city services to London Liverpool Street and services to Cambridge and Stansted Airport ; East Midlands Railway services to Liverpool Lime Street via Nottingham .
Platforms 4-6 : Greater Anglia rural services to , and Sheringham . Platform 4 is also used occasionally at peak times for inter-city services to London Liverpool Street .
Services
The following services currently call at Norwich during the off-peak :
Accidents and incidents
On 10 September 1874 , the Thorpe rail accident , East Anglia 's worst train crash , occurred at Thorpe St Andrew between Norwich Thorpe and , killing 25 people and injuring 75 .
On 21 January 1881 , two passenger trains collided at Norwich Thorpe junction just beyond Carrow Road Bridge . Both trains had their locomotive and leading carriage derailed . There were , however , no casualties .
On 21 July 2013 , in the early hours , a passenger train ran into another which was stabled in Norwich 's platform 6 , injuring eight people . An investigation blamed driver fatigue .
Engine sheds
Norwich engine shed was located to the south and west of the station . This depot closed in 1982 and was replaced by a new facility at Crown Point which , in 2015 , is responsible for the maintenance of the main line electric fleet and local diesel multiple units .
Miscellaneous
Before carriages were lit by electric lighting they were lit by gas . Norwich had an oil gas works and carriages north of a line from Harwich to Cambridge were supplied with oil gas . The gas was distributed to other stations in a dedicated fleet of ten tank wagons . Use of the facility declined in the 1930s although up until the 1950s catering vehicles were still supplied .
Children 's author Arthur Ransome set the opening paragraph of Coot Club ( 1934 ) at Norwich Thorpe station . It also appears in the 1971 film The Go-Between .
See also
Railways in Norfolk
Crown Point TMD
References
Further reading
External links
Railway stations in Norfolk
Buildings and structures in Norwich
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Greater Anglia franchise railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1844
Transport in Norwich
William Neville Ashbee railway stations
Patrick `` Pat '' Lee Ahern ( born November 10 , 1960 ) is an American Nordic combined skier . He competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
Ahern , who lived in Breckenridge , Colorado , lost an opportunity to win a gold medal “ when controversial rulings by the jury canceled two rounds of jumping and wiped out his jumps , two of the longest of the competition . ”
He attended University of Alaska Anchorage .
References
1960 births
Living people
Nordic combined skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
American male Nordic combined skiers
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of the United States
Sportspeople from Davenport , Iowa
People from Breckenridge , Colorado
Pineau de Re ( foaled 8 May 2003 ) is a French-bred , British-trained AQPS racehorse best known for winning the 2014 Grand National .
Background
Pineau de Re is a bay gelding with no white markings bred in France by Michel Hardy . His sire Marresco Sorrento was a winning hurdler in France and has had some success as a sire of jumpers . His dam , Elfe du Perche was not a Thoroughbred , being of Selle Français ancestry . In July 2005 the gelding was consigned by the Ecurie Bayard to the Goffs France sale where he was bought for €20,000 by Seamus Murphy . The gelding was sent into training with Philip Fenton at Carrick-on-Suir , County Tipperary .
Racing career
Irish career
Pineau de Re began his racing career in National Hunt Flat races in the 2007/2008 National Hunt season . He ran five times , finishing second on his debut at Limerick and recording his only success when winning at Fairyhouse on 23 February 2008 .
After missing the whole of the next two seasons , Pineau de Re returned as a Novice hurdler . He won on his debut over obstacles at Limerick on 17 November 2010 . He was beaten in four subsequent starts but showed good form when finishing second in both the Grade I Royal Bond Novice Hurdle and the Grade II Michael Purcell Memorial Novice Hurdle . The gelding continued to compete over hurdles in the 2011/2012 season recording his only success in six attempts when winning a handicap race at Thurles Racecourse in October .
In the following season , Pineau de Re was moved up to compete in steeplechases . He made little initial impact , being well beaten in his first four attempts over the larger obstacles before winning a minor event at Thurles on 3 January 2013 . After two further defeats he was matched against more experienced opponent in the three and a half-mile Ulster Grand National at Downpatrick Racecourse on 3 April . Ridden by Danny Mullins , he started the 13/2 second favourite in a field of fifteen runners and won by twenty-three lengths .
British career
After his win in the Ulster National Pineau de Re was sold to John Provan and sent to be trained in England by Richard Newland at Claines in Worcestershire . Racing for his new connections , Pineau de Re ran four times without success in the summer of 2013 .
Pineau de Re began the 2013/2014 season by finishing fifth in a hurdle race at Cheltenham Racecourse and then fell in the Becher Chase on his first run at Aintree in December . Later that month he returned to handicap hurdling , finishing second at Carlisle Racecourse and seventh at Haydock Park . He recorded his first victory in England in a Veterans ' Steeplechase ( restricted to horses aged 10 or over ) at Exeter Racecourse on 14 January . Ridden by Sam Twiston-Davies he started the 11/4 favourite and won by five lengths from Tullamore Dew . On his final appearance before the Grand National , Pineau de Re ran for the first time at the Cheltenham Festival when he contested the Pertemps Final , a two-mile , five furlong handicap hurdles . Starting a 33/1 outsider , he finished strongly to take third place , beaten a nose and a neck by Fingal Bay and Southfield Theatre .
On 5 April , Pineau de Re started at odds of 25/1 for the 2014 Grand National at Aintree .
He was ridden by the veteran jockey Leighton Aspell as Sam Twiston-Davies had opted to ride the more fancied Tidal Bay .
The race was delayed by two false starts . Pineau de Re took the lead approaching the last of the thirty fences and drew away on the run-in to win by five lengths from Balthazar King , with the joint-favourite Double Seven in third place . After the race Aspell said `` It 's a wonderful day , this is what we do it for . I 've been watching the National since I was a very young boy . As much as you enjoy sharing everyone 's success , you crave a bit too . To get a chance to ride in the National is a great thing , and to get on one with a chance is even better '' .
In the following season , Pineau de Re was again aimed at the National , but his form was poor . He finished towards the rear in hurdle races at Cheltenham in November and Exeter in February and was pulled up at Carlisle in December . He again ran in the Pertemps Final in March , but on this occasion he finished eleventh of the twenty-three runners behind Call The Cops . In the Grand National he started at odds of 25/1 and finished twelfth of the nineteen finishers behind Many Clouds .
Pineau de Re returned in October 2015 and finished unplaced in a veteran 's chase at Chepstow and then ran second to Vino Grigio at Sandown in November . The gelding fell at the second in the Becher Chase and then started at odds of 7/1 in a handicap hurdle at Carlisle on 13 December . Ridden by Richard Johnson he took the LED at the second last and won by four lengths under a weight of 162 pounds . His victory was notable as no Grand National winner had gone on to win another race since Bindaree won the Welsh National in 2003 . He was pulled up in a hurdle at Chepstow in February and then finished seventh in a veterans ' chase at Newbury . He was assigned a weight of 142 pounds for the 2016 Grand National but did not qualify to run : the race was restricted to forty runners and Pineau de Re was rated forty-sixth in the handicap . Newland was unhappy at the exclusion , stating `` The Grand National is the public 's race and the public surely want to see a previous winner '' before pointing out that many of the horses rated above Pineau de Re had earned their handicap marks over much shorter distances .
Pineau is now a successful ROR horse and has been retrained as an eventer . He is on loan to and ridden by Lizzie Doolittle , who rides out at the Newlands as well as running her own event yard near Worcester with head girl Jojo Glanvill .
Pineau has successfully completed several events at BE90 and BE100 level with aims to go Novice this year .
Honours
In July 2014 the sign welcoming visitors to the village of Claines was redesigned to read `` Welcome to Claines , Home of 2014 Grand National winner Pineau De Re '' .
Pedigree
Pineau de Re is inbred 3 × 4 to the French stallion Carmarthen , meaning that this stallion appears in both the third and fourth generation of his pedigree .
References
External links
Racing Post Profile
2003 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Grand National winners
Non-Thoroughbred racehorses
Zhihe may refer to :
Places in China
Zhihe , Shanxi ( 芝河 ) , a town in Yonghe County , Shanxi
Zhihe Subdistrict , Jilin ( 致和街道 ) , Jilin
Zhihe Subdistrict , Pengzhou ( 致和街道 ) , Sichuan
Historical eras
Zhihe ( 至和 , 1054–1056 ) , era name used by Emperor Renzong of Song
Zhihe ( 致和 , 1328 ) , era name used by Yesün Temür ( Yuan dynasty )
Tottsuki Point ( ) is a small rock point lying 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of Flattunga on the coast of Queen Maud Land . Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 . Surveyed by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition ( JARE ) , 1957–62 , and named Tottsuki-misaki ( first point ) .
Headlands of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
Upagupta ( c. 3rd Century BC ) was a Buddhist monk . According to some stories in the Sanskrit text Ashokavadana , he was the spiritual teacher of the Mauryan emperor Ashoka . In the Sarvāstivādin tradition he is the fifth patriarch after Mahākaśyapa , Ānanda , Madhyāntika , and Śāṇakavāsin , and in the Ch'an tradition he is regarded as the fourth . Upagupta 's teacher was Śāṇavāsa , who was a disciple of Ānanda , the Buddha 's attendant . Due to the absence of his name in Theravada literature it is assumed that Upagupta was a Sarvāstivādin monk . In South East Asian countries and Bangladesh Upagupta is a great cult figure . In Myanmar he is known as Shin Upagutta . In the Lokapannatti Upagupta is sent by Ashoka to tame Mara during an enshrinement ceremony festival , afterwards he asks her to take the physical form ( rupakaya ) of Buddha so that everyone at the festival can see what Buddha looked like .
In literature
Rabindranath Tagore in his poem 'Abhisar ' collected in 'Katha ' relates a story of Upagupta . In the story , in the month of Sraban , the monk was at sleep in Mathura , when Vasavdatta - the city 's diva or courtesan trips over and notices the monk . Enchanted by the handsome appearance of the monk , Vasavdatta invites him to go with her to her house . But Upagupta tells her that he can not go with her at this point ; when time comes , he will go . After a passage of seven months , when the month of Chaitra came , the city folks went to a festival out in the forest . In the lone city , Upagupta goes beyond the precincts and finds Vasavdatta severely deformed by a disease with pustules covering her body . The city people had cast her out of the city 's wall . The monk nurses the woman with care - telling her that the time for their togetherness has come .
Rabindranath adopted the story with some changes from the Bodhisattvāvadānakalpalatā by Kshemendra , the 10th-11th century Kashmiri poet .
In Transmission of Light , Keizan describes Upagupta as a great teacher who helped many people . `` Whenever anyone attained realization , Upagupta would cast a talisman four fingers in breadth into a cave . The cave was eighteen cubits by twelve cubits , and it was filled with talismans – that is how many people attained enlightenment . ''
See also
Shin Upagutta
References
Upagupta , the Fourth Buddhist Patriarch , and High priest of Acoka
Abhisār – Rabindranath Rabindranath Tagore 's Poetic Adaptation of an Episode from Upagupta Legend : An Example of Buddhist Narratives in the Time of Bengal Renaissance
Indian Buddhist monks
3rd-century BC people
Ancient Indian people
3rd-century BC Indian monks
Laurence Clarkson ( 1615–1667 ) , sometimes called Claxton , born in Preston , Lancashire , was an English theologian and accused heretic . He was the most outspoken and notorious of the loose collection of radical Protestants known as the Ranters .
According to Charles William Sutton , writing in the Dictionary of National Biography , 1885-1900 , `` the name is written Clarkson in his earlier tracts and Claxton in the later ones . It was no doubt originally Clarkson . In that form the name is still common about Preston , where it is pronounced 'Clackson ' '' .
Clarkson 's ideas are set out in a 1650 tract sponsored by the wealthy Leveller military man , William Rainborowe , called A Single Eye . Clarkson opposed the idea of sin , considering it to be `` invented by the ruling class to keep the poor in order . '' He felt that only the intention of an act , and nothing at all about its content , mattered to God , so that no specific morality could be prescribed on religious bases . He considered the danger of sin to be in the mind : `` till acted that so-called Sin , thou art not delivered from the power of sin , but ready upon all Alarums to tremble and fear the reproach of thy body . '' The only commandment he felt worthwhile was `` Thou shalt not kill '' ; most of the others he confessed to having broken , and even adultery was acceptable under certain circumstances . In fact , Clarkson was known in the period for his sexual promiscuity , for which he was repudiated by the Digger Gerrard Winstanley . Clarkson considered himself to be the truest of the radical religious thinkers of the period to the Protestant ideal of separating religion from money , and accused Winstanley of taking tithes .
Some time before 1660 Clarkson left the Ranters and joined the Muggletonians ( apparently to the consternation of some of the current members ) . Clarkson claimed to be the chief follower and disciple of John Reeve , of whom Lodowicke Muggleton was himself an acolyte , and claims in his book The Lost Sheep Found ( 1660 ) to be `` the true and only bishop now living . '' A protracted struggle for control followed between Clarkson and Muggleton , which Clarkson lost .
J. C. Davis , who has in general expressed considerable doubt about some of the more peculiar doctrines ascribed to the Ranters , considers Clarkson to be genuine , if alone :
I have conceded that Laurence Clarkson in 1650 came closest to the Ranter stereotype , while arguing that he was an isolated individual leniently dealt with by authorities , and that his so-called autobiography of 1660 , The Lost Sheep Found , is no valid source for the events of 1649-50 .
Though considerable controversy has followed from Davis 's dismissal of the canonical account of the Ranters , that controversy has not been over the content of Clarkson 's ideas , which are by and large agreed on by all parties to the debate , but merely the extent of their influence .
He died in 1667 whilst imprisoned for debt .
Major surviving works
Truth released from prison to its former liberty , 1646 .
A Generall Charge or , Impeachment of High-treason , in the Name of Justice Equity , Against the Communality of England , 1647 .
A Single Eye , All Light , No Darkness ; or Light and Darkness One , 1650 .
The Quakers Downfal , with All Other Dispensations their Inside Turn 'd Outward , 1659 .
The Right Devil Discovered : in his Descent , Form , Education , Qualification , Place and Nature of Torment , 1659 .
The Lost Sheep Found , or , The Prodigal Returned to his Fathers House , After Many a Sad and Weary Journey Through Many Religious Countreys , 1660 .
A Paradisical Dialogue Betwixt Faith and Reason : Disputing the High Mysterious Secrets of Eternity , the Like Never Extant in our Revelation , 1660 .
A modern edition containing the last four works mentioned above is The Onely True Bishop : The Muggletonian Works of Laurence Clarkson London : Muggletonian Press ( 2009 )
works believed lost include
The Pilgrimage of Saints , by church cast out , in Christ found , seeking truth , 1646 .
A wonder of wonders , 1661 .
External links
Laurence Clarkson : A Clear Confutation of all Arminians
A Single Eye by Laurence Clarkson at the Ex-Classics Web Site
Notes
1615 births
1667 deaths
English Christian religious leaders
Ranters
People imprisoned for debt
Muggletonianism
The Neblina uakari ( Cacajao hosomi ) or black-headed uakari , is a newly described species of monkey from the far northwest Brazilian Amazon and adjacent southern Venezuela . It was found by Jean-Phillipe Boubli of the University of Auckland and described together with the more easterly distributed Aracá uakari in 2008 . Until then , the black-headed uakari ( found to the west and south of the Neblina uakari ) was the only species of mainly black uakari that was recognized .
The English name of the Neblina uakari refers to the Pico da Neblina , which marks the approximate center of its known distribution . Several years before it was realized it represented an undescribed species ( and not `` just '' black-headed uakaris ) , it was studied in the Pico da Neblina National Park in Brazil . When combined with the adjacent Serranía de la Neblina National Park in Venezuela , a significant part of this uakaris distribution is within protected areas .
It has well coordinated travel established through constant calling , allowing a group to spread 200 to 300 meters .
Females produce one offspring , typically in March and April coinciding with the fruiting season .
References
Neblina uakari
Mammals of Brazil
Mammals of Venezuela
Neblina uakari
The Kansas International Film Festival ( KIFF ) is a non-profit Kansas-based organization that promotes independent and vintage cinema through film expos . The festival is held every fall .
In 2001 , KIFF received a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) designation under the corporation name of Photoplay , Inc. Photoplay 's board of directors consists of filmmakers , file distributors , educators , theatre owners , and film historians . The Fine Arts Theatre Group provides the venues for KIFF viewing .
KIFF serves the movie idealist by focusing on documentary , narrative , and animated independent films . The festival closes with the presentation of the following awards : Jury Award for Best Narrative , Jury Award for Best Documentary , Audience Award for Best Narrative , Audience Award for Best Documentary , and the Independent Vision Award . The winners are selected by panels of local filmmakers , film educators , and critics . KIFF attracts local , regional , and national works , along with visiting actors , actress , and filmmakers . The festival also educates the public about cultural and economic issues affecting independent and vintage cinema .
In 2010 , MovieMaker magazine named KIFF as `` one of the top 25 film festivals worth their entry fee . ''
Past Winners
2019
Jury Award Best Narrative-Postal , Tyler Falbo
Jury Award Best Documentary-Right To Harm , Annie Speicher , Matt Wechsler
Audience Award Best Narrative-Silo
Audience Award Best Animation-Two Balloons , Mark C. Smith
2013
Jury Award Best Narrative - K Effect : Stalin 's Editor , Valenti Figueres
Jury Award Best Documentary - Small Thing , Jessica Vale
Audience Award Best Narrative - Construction , Malcolm Goodwin
Audience Award Best Documentary - Blood Brother , Steve Hooker
2012
Jury Award Best Narrative - The Ghastly Love of Johnny X , Paul Bunnell
Jury Award Best Documentary - Dave , Eric Geadelmann
2011
Audience Award Best Narrative - eMANcipation , Philipp Müller-Dorn
Audience Award Best Documentary - Lesson Plan , David H. Jeffery , Philip Neel
2010
Jury Award Best Narrative - Soul at Peace , Vladimír Balko
Jury Award Best Documentary - Holy Wars , Stephen Marshall
2009
Jury Award Best Narrative - 16 to Life , Becky Smith
Jury Award Best Documentary - Vincent : A Life in Color , Jennifer Burns
2008
Jury Award Best Narrative - N/A
Jury Award Best Documentary - The Flyboys , Rocco DeVilliers
2007
Jury Award Best Narrative - Midnight Clear , Dallas Jenkins
Jury Award Best Documentary - The Edge of Eden : Living with Grizzlies , Jeff Turner , Sue Turner
2006
Jury Award Best Narrative - Mojave Phone Booth , John Putch
Jury Award Best Documentary - Hand of God , Joe Cultrera
References
Film festivals in Kansas
Culture of Overland Park , Kansas
Zosteropoda elevata is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It is found in northern South America , including Colombia .
Hadeninae
William Gregson may refer to :
William Gregson ( slave trader ) ( 1721–1800 ) , English slave trader and Lord Mayor of Liverpool
William Gregson ( barrister ) ( 1790–1863 ) , English barrister and Home Office under-secretary
William Gregson ( cricketer ) ( 1877–1963 ) , Scottish cricketer
Mount Keltie ( ) is a mountain high , midway between Mount Kosko and Mount Chalmers in the Conway Range of Antarctica . It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901–04 ) and named for Sir John Scott Keltie , Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society , 1892–1915 .
References
Mountains of Oates Land
Sunčani Breg ( ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia . It is located in the Belgrade 's municipality of Rakovica .
Location
Sunčani Breg is the sub-neighborhood of Miljakovac , in its southern section , close to the quarry and the neighborhood of Straževica and Jelezovac , along the road of Kružni put . To the north and north-east it extendts into the neighborhood of Miljakovac III .
The neighborhood is situated on the southeast slopes of the Straževica hill .
History
Settlement developed in the mid 1990s . In plans for the urbanization of this area , it is projected as the one neighborhood with Jelezovac , Sunčani Breg-Jelezovac .
Characteristics
The name of the neighborhood is descriptive , meaning sunny hill in Serbian . In 2009 it had about 300 houses .
Population
Local community of Sunčani Breg , detached from the local community of Miljakovac , had a population of 3,018 in 2011 .
References
External links
Neighborhoods of Belgrade
Rakovica , Belgrade
Fort St. Jean Baptiste State Historic Site , or Fort des Natchitoches , in Natchitoches , Louisiana , US , is a replica of an early French fort based upon the original blueprints of 1716 by Sieur Du Tisné and company . The settlement which became the town of Natchitoches was founded in 1714 by French Canadian Louis Antoine Juchereau de St. Denis as the first permanent European settlement in the lands later encompassed by the Louisiana Purchase . In 1722 , Juchereau de St. Denis in 1722 became commandant of Fort St. Jean Baptiste des Natchitoches . The fort was devised as a trading and military outpost to counter any Spanish incursions into French territory . Soon it became a center of economic significance , particularly with neighboring Caddo tribes . After 1764 , Fort St. Jean was abandoned , with the transfer of Louisiana to Spain . The exact location of the fort has since been lost . In 1979 , the fort was reconstructed in the vicinity of where the fort is believed to have been located . Today , the fort is an attraction within the Cane River National Heritage Area . The site is also hosted to living history re-enactments of what life in the fort was like in the 1750s .
References
External links
Fort St. Jean Baptiste State Historic Site - Louisiana State Parks page
Cane River National Heritage Area - information page
St. Jean
Louisiana State Historic Sites
Protected areas of Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana
St. Jean
St. Jean
French-American culture in Louisiana
Buildings and structures in Natchitoches , Louisiana
Museums in Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana
Military and war museums in Louisiana
Templer Park ( ) is a forest reserve in Rawang , Gombak District , Selangor , Malaysia . It is 1,214 hectares in size and it was named in honour of Sir Gerald Templer , a British High Commissioner in Malaya . `` On 8 September 1954 , His Highness the Sultan of Selangor , the late Sultan Hishamuddin Alam Shah declared that Templer 's Park was 'dedicated by Selangor to serve as a refuge and a sanctuary for wildlife and a meeting-place for all who love and respect the beauty of nature ' . The following year the government gazetted the area as “ a Botanical Garden and Public Park ” under the land enactment ( Notification 104-1955 ) '' .
This forest reserve consists of multi-tiered waterfalls , jungle streams and trails . Several amenities are available in this forest reserve , such as picnic grounds , fishing spots , parking lots , public toilets and stalls .
Wildlife that can be spotted in Templer 's Park include the park monkey , the hawk-cuckoo , the crested serpent eagle , the emerald dove , the forest wagtail , malkohas , the barbet , the woodpecker , the flycatcher-shrike , the blue-winged leafbird , the earless agamid , the Malaysian crested lizard , various kinds of toads and snakes and serow ( goat-antelopes ) . Studies by Malaysian Nature Society have confirmed that there is still a population of serow living in the vicinity . The cave , Gua Anak Takun , is home to a rare species of trapdoor spider , Liphistius batuensis .
Templar Park is the type locality where the holotype of the Malaysian spine-jawed snake Xenophidion schaeferi was collected in 1988 . To date this is the only known specimen of this rare snake , which belongs in the obscure and primitive snake family Xenophidiidae . The family contains only one other species , X. acanthognathus , also only known from its holotype , which was collected in Sabah , northeast Borneo . These snakes are harmless , nonvenomous , and thought to feed on earthworms or insect larvae .
Threats from Development
The integrity and natural character of Templer 's Park is under threat from controversial recent developments which are apparently either a . ) adjacent to the park on former parkland which was sold to private interests , or b . ) illegally taking place on actual parkland . Developments such as T-Parkland @ Templer 's Park by the company MCT involved the construction of high-end residences , a 17-story tower block and golf courses . In addition , currently some 50 hectares of ongoing deforestation is taking place for a road and more residences , which will likely impact the quality of the streams in the park due to erosion if this activity continues . Surprisingly , this activity seems to have the consent of the local planning authorities , where the site sign carries the license number 'US HS 3 2012 BALAK ' . The authorities appear to be unconcerned about this steady loss of forest to developers and have 'yet to lift a finger ' according to a local nature resource .
Accessibility
Templer 's Park can be accessed from the Rawang exit of the North–South Expressway . The park can also be reached by taking the No 66 bus from Puduraya in Kuala Lumpur .
Incidents
In 2008 , a Danish man went missing for 12 hours in Templer 's Park before finding his way out of the jungle . He went missing at an altitude of 500 feet above sea level .
References
External links
Templer 's Park Malaysia .
Gombak District
Nature sites of Selangor
Kafue District is a district of Zambia , located in Lusaka Province . The capital lies at Kafue . As of the 2000 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 150,217 people . Kafue has many business areas to invest in . There are more services one can benefit from within the district , from financial services to shopping and fishing .
Before 1997 , Kafue District , together with Chongwe District and Rufunsa District , was known as `` Lusaka Rural '' .
References
Districts of Lusaka Province
CRU Group is a privately owned business intelligence company . The company focuses on the global mining , metals and fertilizers markets . It provides consultancy , market analysis , business analysis , news , data and conferences services .
Global Coverage
CRU 's headquarters are in central London . The company also has regional offices in :
Beijing – China
Shanghai - China
Santiago – Chile
Mumbai – India
Singapore
Pittsburgh – United States
Sydney – Australia
CRU employs over 260 people from a range of disciplines : economists , management consultants , engineers , metallurgists , geologists , chemists and journalists .
The company was originally named Commodities Research Unit . It was changed to CRU as the company expanded their offering to include more than just research products .
Over the years CRU have made a number of acquisitions including :
1986 – British Sulphur Consultants
1996 – Resource Strategies Inc
2006 – Commodity Metals Management Company
2012 - Ryan 's Notes with the acquisition of Nonferrous Notes Organization
2012 – Fertecon Research Centre – phosphates and sulphur analysis and consultancy business
Commodities
CRU specializes in producing short- , medium- , and long-term analysis for major commodities including :
Aluminium
Alumina
Bauxite
Ferromanganese
Ferrosilicon
Manganese
Silicon
Carbon Steel ( Billet , Crude , Longs , Pipes and Tubes , Plate , Sheet , Slab )
Copper
Ferrochrome
Lead
Cobalt
Uranium
Nickel
Nitrogen
Ammonia
UAN
Urea
Phosphates
Phosphate Rock
Potash
Gold
Silver
Stainless Steel
Metallurgical Coal
Thermal ( Steaming ) Coal
Iron Ore
Metallics
Metallurgical Coke
Sulphur
Sulphuric Acid
Tin
Wire and Cable
Zinc
References
External links
Official website
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
Economics consulting firms
The 2021-22 Ethiopian Premier League is the 75th season of top-tier football in Ethiopia ( 23rd season as the Premier League ) . The season started on October 17 , 2021 . The first round of matches were held at Hawassa stadium and Dire Dawa Stadium , while the second round of matches were held at Adama and Bahir dar Stadium .
League table
2021-22 season
The following 16 clubs competing in the Ethiopian Premier League during the 2021–22 season .
References
Ethiopian Premier League
Association football in Africa
Janice Logan ( May 30 , 1915 – October 23 , 1965 ) was an American film actress .
Early years
Logan was a native of Chicago . Her father was Stuart Logan , `` one of Chicago 's leading investment brokers . ''
Film
Logan 's film debut came in Dr. Cyclops , in which she played Dr. Mary Robinson . She worked for Paramount in the late 1930s and during the 1940s . She also starred in Opened by Mistake ( 1940 ) with Charles Ruggles . She starred in Hotel de verano , directed by René Cardona in 1944 . She was photographed by Leo Matiz in 1943 during the period of her career when she was filming Mexican movies .
Personal life
Logan was married to French journalist Jacques Schoeller .
Death
Shirley Logan Schoeller died in 1965 . She is buried at Rosehill Cemetery and Mausoleum , Chicago , Cook County Illinois next to her mother Gladys .
Filmography
References
External links
1915 births
1965 deaths
American film actresses
Actresses from Chicago
20th-century American actresses
James Hough ( born August 4 , 1956 ) is a former professional American football player . Hough , an offensive lineman , played nine seasons in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings , playing in 111 games , and starting 78 of them . He played college football for Utah State University where he was named to the College Football All-America Team and played in the 1977 college all star East-West Shrine Game .
Hough is also known for his participation in the 1982 World 's Strongest Man
He attended La Mirada High School where he played football and was on the first team that inaugurated their stadium in 1973 .
He now coaches football for the Chaska Hawks in Chaska , Minnesota .
Hough has recently been inducted into both the La Mirada High School , and Utah State University Hall of Fame
https : //utahstateaggies.com/honors/hall-of-fame/jim-hough/27
References
1956 births
Living people
People from Greater Los Angeles
American football offensive linemen
Utah State Aggies football players
Minnesota Vikings players
https : //utahstateaggies.com/honors/hall-of-fame/jim-hough/27
Achaneyanenikkishtam ( ) is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language family drama film directed by Suresh Krishnan , written by Suresh Poduval and produced by Menaka . It features Ashwin Thampi , Kalabhavan Mani , Biju Menon , and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy in the lead roles , and Mohanlal appears in a guest role . The film was released on 30 November 2001 . It won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director for M. G. Radhakrishnan .
Plot
The story is about a poor lorry driver named Bhaskaran ( Kalabhavani Mani ) , who tries to give his son Kunjunni ( Ashwin Thampi ) , a good education by sending him to a very expensive school . The rest of the story revolves around the events Kunjunni goes through in his life .
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Bhaskaran
Biju Menon as Anand
Lakshmi Gopalaswamy as Seetha Nair
Jagathy Sreekumar as Nalinakshan
Ashwin Thampi as Kunjunni
Nandhu as Kariyachan
Devan as Andrews Issac
Sujitha as Sofia
T. P. Madhavan as Nambeeshan
Poojappura Ravi as Chettiyar
Vinu Chakravarthy as Kovai Neelakandan
Kochu Preman as Kurup Mash
Sreekala Thaha
Keerthy Suresh as Kunjunni 's classmate
Mohanlal as Mahadevan ( Cameo appearance )
Soundtrack
The film 's soundtrack contains 9 songs , all composed by M. G. Radhakrishnan , with lyrics by S. Ramesan Nair . 'Shalabham Vazhimaaruma ' is in the Darbari Kanada raga .
Awards
The film won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director for M. G. Radhakrishnan .
References
External links
2001 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. G. Radhakrishnan
Films scored by Sharreth
Scooby-Doo ! Haunted Holidays is the second Direct-to-DVD special based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons as a Christmas special , released on October 16 , 2012 on the 13 Spooky Tales : Holiday Chills and Thrills DVD . It premiered on Cartoon Network on December 4 , 2012 .
Plot
The gang is enjoying a winter festival , when a living snowman arrives and chases everyone off . Curious , the gang decides to investigate in a nearby toy factory , which hides a deadly secret . The gang soon finds out they are trapped inside of the toy store , because the snowman is waiting for them outside . They then meet the owner , Fabian Menkle , who explains to them about the store 's haunted clock tower and that the Menkle family toy store was cursed a long time ago by the Sinister Snowman . Later , the snowman is able to get inside the factory and tries to chase Shaggy and Scooby . Just when they think they are doomed , the real Santa Claus shows up , and gets the haunted clock tower working again , which had not been working for many centuries . The snowman is melted by the loud clock tower , and is found out to be none other than Fabian Menkle himself , who was trying to rob the toy store of its money . He tried to make his uncle look crazy so he could sell the store and get the money .
Cast
Frank Welker as Scooby-Doo , Fred Jones
Matthew Lillard as Shaggy Rogers
Mindy Cohn as Velma Dinkley
Grey DeLisle as Daphne Blake
Carlos Alazraqui as Havros Menkle , Janitor
Crispin Freeman as Fabian Menkle
Fred Tatasciore as Santa Claus actor , real Santa Claus , Sinister Snowman
References
External links
Amazon
Scooby-Doo specials
American television films
2012 films
Santa Claus in film
Santa Claus in television
2010s American animated films
Warner Bros . Animation animated films
Warner Bros. direct-to-video animated films
Christmas television films
Animated direct-to-video specials
Films directed by Victor Cook
2010s English-language films
Ear-EEG is a method for measuring dynamics of brain activity through the minute voltage changes observable on the skin , typically by placing electrodes on the scalp . In ear-EEG , the electrodes are exclusively placed in or around the outer ear , resulting in both a much greater invisibility and wearer mobility compared to full scalp electroencephalography ( EEG ) , but also significantly reduced signal amplitude , as well as reduction in the number of brain regions in which activity can be measured . It may broadly be partitioned into two groups : those using electrode positions exclusively within the concha and ear canal , and those also placing electrodes close to the ear , usually hidden behind the ear lobe . Generally speaking , the first type will be the most invisible , but also offer the most challenging ( noisy ) signal .
Ear-EEG is a good candidate for inclusion in a hearable device , however , due to the high complexity of ear-EEG sensors , this has not yet been done .
History
Ear-EEG was first described in `` A1 US patent US20070112277 A1 '' , though other noteworthy mentions are `` B1 EP patent EP2448477 B1 '' and `` Auditory evoked responses from Ear-EEG recordings '' .
Since then , it has grown to be an endeavor spread across multiple research groups and collaborations , as well as private companies . Notable incarnations of the technology are the cEEGrid ( see picture to the right ) and the custom 3D-printed ear plugs from NeuroTechnology Lab ( see picture above ) . Attempts at creating in-ear generic earpieces are also known to be under way .
Uses in research
It is possible to think of multiple research areas in which an unobtrusive and invisible EEG system would be beneficial . Good examples are in studies of group dynamics or didactics , in which cases it would be very valuable to be able to monitor the effect of various events on individuals , while still letting them experience said events unfettered . And in this context , it is very important to perform detailed comparisons between ear-EEG and regular scalp EEG , as results need to be comparable across platforms . This has been done in multiple papers . In these it has been found that ear-EEG measurements are comparable to scalp EEG in the frequency domain ; however , the time domain activity recorded by the two systems are notably different . Several papers have presented models ( i.e . ear-EEG forward models ) of how the electric field from electrical sources in the brain maps to potentials in the ear . The ear-EEG forward models enable prediction of the potentials in the ear for a specific neural phenomenon , and can be used to improve the understanding of which neural sources that can be measured with ear-EEG
Dry-contact electrode ear-EEG
Dry-contact electrode ear-EEG is a method in which no gel is applied between the electrode and the skin . This method generally improves the comfort and user-friendliness for long-term and real-life recordings . Because no gel is applied to the electrodes , the user can potentially mount the ear-EEG device without assistance .
Dry-contact electrode ear-EEG have been used to perform high-density ear-EEG recordings , which enable mapping of the brain response on a topographic 3D map of the ear ( Ear-topographies ) .
When using dry-contact electrodes , the interface between the skin and the electrodes are mainly defined by the electrochemical properties of the electrode material , the mechanical design of the electrode , the surface properties of the electrode , and how the electrode is retained against the skin . To improve these aspects for ear-EEG , nanostructured electrodes and soft earpieces have been proposed . The electronic instrumentation must also be carefully designed to accommodate dry-contact electrodes .
Real-life monitoring
The state of the human brain is influenced by the surrounding environment , and the response from the brain is influenced by the state of the brain . Thus , restricting brain research to a laboratory represents a fundamental limitation . Real-life monitoring of ear-EEG overcome this limitation , and enable research of evoked responses and spontaneous responses related to everyday life situations .
The compact and discreet nature of ear-EEG devices makes it suitable for real-life EEG monitoring . A general problem when recordings EEG is the interference arising from noise and artifacts . In a laboratory environment , artifacts and interference can largely be avoided or controlled , in real-life this is challenging . Physiological artifacts are a category of artifacts with physiological origin , in contrast to artifacts arising from electrical interference . A study of physiological artifacts in ear-EEG found artifacts from jaw muscle contractions to be higher for ear-EEG compared to the scalp EEG , whereas eye-blinking did not influence the ear-EEG .
Sleep monitoring
A promising use case is in long term sleep monitoring , where there is presently a need for a more user friendly ( and cheaper ) alternative to the gold standard polysomnography . Innovation Fund Denmark recently funded a large project on using ear-EEG for sleep monitoring , in a collaboration between industry and Aarhus University in Denmark
, however , development of an ear-EEG based sleep monitor is a global endeavor , with other prominent examples taking place at the University of Colorado
, Imperial College London
as well as the University of Oxford .
Possible commercial uses
Despite the lack of ear-EEG products on the market , several companies have revealed investments in ear-EEG technology . Foremost of these are the hearing aid producers Oticon and Widex , who are looking into hearing-aid applications , the feasibility of which there appears to be some support for , and a hypoglycemia alarm .
Other potential use cases which are known to have been explored are driver drowsiness detection , BCI and biometric identification .
References
Electroencephalography
Electrophysiology
Neurophysiology
Neurotechnology
Brain–computer interfacing
Electrodiagnosis
The Bloody Assize in Upper Canada was a series of trials held at Ancaster during the War of 1812 . The trials resulted in treason convictions and subsequent execution of Upper Canada residents who were found to have violently aided the enemy .
History
During the war , a number of settlers from the Niagara and London Districts took up arms against their neighbours in aid of American raiders . Many were American born and later fled to the United States .
In 1813 , several groups were taken prisoner . In 1814 , nineteen people were charged with high treason and charges were also filed against a number of persons then living outside Canada . In May of that year , a special court was established at Ancaster and a series of trials were held in June . The judges presiding over these trials were Chief Justice Thomas Scott , Justice William Dummer Powell , and Justice William Campbell . The prosecutor was the attorney general for the province , John Beverley Robinson .
Fifteen men were convicted and sentenced to death . Eight were hanged at the Burlington Heights British military camp on July 20 , 1814 and their heads chopped off and displayed on poles . Their heads were later paraded across the local villages . The bodies were buried in an unmarked grave close to the gallows . Seven others were banished . Of those , three died of typhus while still in captivity and one escaped and was not recaptured .
The eight executed were Aaron Stevens , Adam Crysler , Dayton Lindsey , Noah Payne Hopkins , George Peacock , Jr. , Isaiah Brink , Benjamin Simmons and John Dunham . Their possessions were confiscated . Others convicted included Jacob Overholser , Garrett Neil and Isaac Petit , who died of typhus .
References
External links
Historical Plaque Photo
`` Bloody Assize of 1814 '' Corvallis Community Pages
`` Ancaster Bloody Assize of 1814 '' . The Canadian Encyclopedia .
War of 1812
1814 in Upper Canada
Phygelius aequalis is a species of flowering plant in the family Scrophulariaceae , native to South Africa . It is a semi-evergreen shrub growing to tall and wide , with long panicles of pink flowers with crimson lobes and yellow throats . This species may be distinguished from the closely related Phygelius capensis by the fact that the flowers grow in a single plane along one side of the stem . The narrowly tubular flowers are up to in length .
The common names Cape fuchsia and Cape figwort attach to both P. aequalis and P. capensis , though they are not closely related to the true fuchsias , and `` figwort '' refers to several plants other than phygelius .
Phygelius aequalis is valued as a garden plant with a particularly long flowering season throughout summer . Though a shrub , in cooler areas it grows as a perennial . It requires some winter protection . The cultivars 'Trewidden Pink ' and 'Yellow Trumpet ' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
References
External links
Brief information
UBC picture
Flora of South Africa
Perennial plants
Scrophulariaceae
Shrubs
The fourth annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids ' Choice Awards were held on 11 October 2006 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre in Sydney . The show was hosted by Sophie Monk , Dave Lawson and James Kerley . The nominees were announced on 10 August 2006 and closed on 20 September 2006 .
Lindsay Lohan was originally lined up to host the 2006 awards , but was unable to attend . Bindi Irwin made her first public appearance at the 2006 awards ceremony since her father 's ( Steve Irwin ) memorial service .
Nominees and winners
Winners in Bold
Music
Fave Australian Artist
Shannon Noll
Ricki-Lee Coulter
Lee Harding
Guy Sebastian
Fave Australian Group
Young Divas
Living End
The Veronicas
Rogue Traders
Fave International Artist
Hilary Duff
Chris Brown
Nick Lachey
Rihanna
Fave International Group
Green Day
The Black Eyed Peas
Simple Plan
Good Charlotte
Fave Song
When It All Falls Apart - The Veronicas
Forever Young - Youth Group
Voodoo Child - Rogue Traders
This Time I Know It 's for Real - Young Divas
Movies
Fave Movie
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
She 's the Man
High School Musical
Ice Age : The Meltdown
Fave Movie Star ( male )
Daniel Radcliffe
Hugh Jackman
Jack Black
Rupert Grint
Fave Movie Star ( female )
Hilary Duff
Emma Watson
Lindsay Lohan
Amanda Bynes
TV
Fave Toon
SpongeBob SquarePants
The Simpsons
Fairly OddParents
Kim Possible
Fave TV Show
Blue Water High
Home and Away
Drake & Josh
Neighbours
Fave TV Star
Kate Ritchie
Stephanie McIntosh
Chris Hemsworth
Grant Denyer
People
Fave Aussie
Guy Sebastian
Ian Thorpe
Anthony Callea
Nicole Kidman
Fave Celeb Duo
Kath & Kim
Dave Lawson and James Kerley
Rebecca Cartwright and Lleyton Hewitt
The Veronicas
Funniest Person
James Kerley
Dave Lawson
James Mathison
Rove McManus
Fave Old Fart
Ian `` Dicko '' Dickson
Daryl Somers
David `` Kochie '' Koch
Bert Newton
Fave Sports Star ( female )
Libby Lenton
Alicia Molik
Leisel Jones
Liz Ellis
Fave Sports Star ( male )
Grant Hackett
Lucas Neill
Brett Lee
Lleyton Hewitt
Hotties
Fave Hottie ( female )
Stephanie McIntosh
Natalie Bassingthwaighte
Lara Bingle
Isabel Lucas
Fave Hottie ( male )
Lee Harding
Dan O'Connor
Chris Hemsworth
Adam Saunders
So Hot Right Now
Australian Idol
The Socceroos
Young Divas
WWE
Random
Fave Book
Harry Potter Series
The Chronicles of Narnia
A Series of Unfortunate Events
Anthony Callea : The Official Story
Fave Console Game
PSP - Loco Roco
PS2 – Buzz ! : The Big Quiz
PS2 – Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland
Nintendo DS - Nintendogs
Fave Podcast
Camp Orange Maudecast
Bus Stop Sarvo
MuggleCast
Hamish and Andy
References
Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards
2006 awards
2006 in Australian television
2000s in Sydney
Korean melodrama refers to a subgenre of melodrama , which drew largely on native Korean narrative and theatrical forms through adaptations of traditional folk tales and pansori . This genre also drew its influences from Japanese theatrical `` shimpa '' and early Hollywood films .
The term melodrama originally stems from the Greek word melos , meaning music . However , in contemporary Korean melodramas , minimal music has replaced the typical throbbing and seductive tunes . Fifty to seventy percent of films produced in Korea and classified as melodramas and they typically portray the neglected corners of society and its exaggerated feelings and circumstances work to arouse empathy in the viewer .
Korean vs. Western
In contrast to Western Melodrama , the concept of suffering is a fundamental component . It is partly captured in the word han , which is a deep-seated feeling of sorrow , bitterness , or despair that originates in oppression or injustice which accumulates over time and remains unexpressed in the heart . It is believed by some to be a distinguishing characteristic of the Korean culture . Another distinguishing characteristic of Korean melodrama is the emphasis on family . While Western Melodrama tends to focus on the individual , the portrayal of the self in relation to the family in Korean Melodrama is significant . Early melodramatic texts typically dramatize the moral superiority of old values .
In American melodramas , restages of social and cultural values are also pivotal . However , there is more of a tendency to evaluate the rapid transformation of social relations by looking back and consulting the old order of things . In typical endings , characters whose world has collapsed around them usually find another form of personal satisfaction and re-invest their faith in the typical American dream : a classic Hollywood happy ending . Contrast this to Korean melodramas , where the main characters do n't recover . When Korean melodrama characters realize they 've lost it all , the film usually takes them back to a fleeting memory of past happiness and then ends , eschewing resolution .
History
Melodrama in Korea has been a dominant genre in the film industry since 1919 . With early influences stemming from the Japanese theatrical shimpa ( adapted from western melodrama ) , traditional folk tales such as pansori ( an oral narrative poetry expressed in song ) and Hollywood , Korean melodrama evolved from the 1920s up until the twenty first century .
Timeline
1910-45 : Japanese colonialism subjected Koreans to violence , humiliation , and mass displacements . However , the Japanese simultaneously introduced shimpa . This new form of theater became widespread by the 1920s and greatly influenced Korean melodrama . Plots commonly revolving around heterosexual love , class differences , social change , and triumphing protagonists were central in both Japanese and Korean melodramas .
1950s : Hollywood films entered the Korean Film industry when the U.S. occupied Korea after World War II . There was a Korean Cinema boom and melodramas became very popular . During this time melodramas focused either on modernization or the issue of `` free love ''
1960s : Melodramas reached the peak of their popularity and focused on social issues such as highlighting economic struggles and class differences that divided society . Student uprisings were frequent and more grassroots protests for political and economic justice were prevalent which influenced the narration of Korean melodramas .
1970s : Melodramas reached its low point for the film industry . Melodramas focused on the mood of the society in general , revolving around women who served alcohol or worked as prostitutes
1980s : After a relaxation of censorship , melodramas depicted contemporary issues such as Korea 's rapid development and the effects this had on the poor .
1990s : Melodramas tended to focus on romantic comedies and action pictures . Also a new concept of melodrama began to form . In 1998 , Christmas in August redefined Korean melodrama .
Central features in Korean melodrama
According to `` Melodrama Revised , '' by Linda Williams , melodramas typically portrays five aspects .
Melodrama begins , and wants to end , in a space of innocence
Melodrama focuses on victim-heroes and the recognition of their virtue
Melodrama appears modern by borrowing from realism , but realism serves the melodramatic passion and action
Melodrama involves a dialectic of passion and action – a give and take of “ too late ” and “ in the nick of time ”
Melodrama presents characters who embody primary psychic roles organized in Manichaean conflicts between good and evil
References
Contemporary Korean Cinema
The Korea Society
South Korean Golden Age , Melodrama
Genrebending in Contemporary Korean Cinema
External links
Linda Williams
Korean Film
Korean Society
Tiger Cinema
Film genres
Cinema of Korea
The Daniel Bliss Homestead is a historic colonial farmhouse at 76 Homestead Avenue in Rehoboth , Massachusetts .
Description and history
The -story main block of this wood-framed house was built in about 1750 , and is a typical Georgian five-bay wide , center-chimney structure . Two ells were added to the east end in the 19th century . The house has retained many Georgian details because one owner , while renovating the house , removed and carefully stored the elements , which were restored c. 1970 by a later owner .
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County , Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1750
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth , Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Béla Nagy ( born 27 July 1943 ) is a Hungarian archer . He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
1943 births
Living people
Hungarian male archers
Olympic archers of Hungary
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Budapest
The crimson-breasted woodpecker or scarlet-breasted woodpecker ( Dryobates cathpharius ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found in Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , India , Laos , Myanmar , Nepal , Thailand , and Vietnam . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests . Some taxonomic authorities continue to place this species in the genus Dendrocopos . The scarlet-breasted woodpecker ( Dryobates cathpharius pernii ) , is considered to be distinct by some authorities , but others consider it to be conspecific .
Taxonomy
The taxonomy of this species is somewhat confused . D. cathpharius is sometimes included with
Dendrocopos pernyii as a single species , but the two have various amounts of red on head and breast and other distinguishing features , including size . In their Handbook of the Birds of the World Alive , del Hoyo , J. et al . recognises them as separate species . Molecular analysis puts both close to D. minor and D. pubescens . There are three subspecies ; D. c. cathpharius from western and central Nepal to Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India ; D. c. ludlowi from southeastern Tibet ; and D. c. pyrrhothorax from Meghalaya , Nagaland , Manipur , Mizoram and western Myanmar .
Description
The mantle , back and wings are black , with some white spotting and light barring on the wings and one larger white patch . The upper side of the tail is black with white barring on the outer feathers , and the underside is barred in black and white . The chin and throat are white , the central breast is red and the rest of the breast and belly are white or buff streaked with black , with a varying amount of red or pink near the vent . The forehead is white and the crown black , and the male has a red patch on the nape . A black streak extends from the malar region to the nape before continuing to the sides of the chest .
References
crimson-breasted woodpecker
Birds of China
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Yunnan
crimson-breasted woodpecker
crimson-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In discrete mathematics and theoretical computer science , the rotation distance between two binary trees with the same number of nodes is the minimum number of tree rotations needed to reconfigure one tree into another . Because of a combinatorial equivalence between binary trees and triangulations of convex polygons , rotation distance is equivalent to the flip distance for triangulations of convex polygons .
Rotation distance was first defined by Karel Čulík II and Derick Wood in 1982 . Every two -node binary trees have rotation distance at most , and some pairs of trees have exactly this distance . The computational complexity of computing the rotation distance is unknown .
Definition
A binary tree is a structure consisting of a set of nodes , one of which is designated as the root node , in which each remaining node is either the left child or right child of some other node , its parent , and in which following the parent links from any node eventually leads to the root node .
( In some sources , the nodes described here are called `` internal nodes '' , there exists another set of nodes called `` external nodes '' , each internal node is required to have exactly two children , and each external node is required to have zero children . The version described here can be obtained by removing all the external nodes from such a tree . )
For any node in the tree , there is a subtree of the same form , rooted at and consisting of all the nodes that can reach by following parent links . Each binary tree has a left-to-right ordering of its nodes , its inorder traversal , obtained by recursively traversing the left subtree ( the subtree at the left child of the root , if such a child exists ) , then listing the root itself , and then recursively traversing the right subtree .
In a binary search tree , each node is associated with a search key , and the left-to-right ordering is required to be consistent with the order of the keys .
A tree rotation is an operation that changes the structure of a binary tree without changing its left-to-right ordering . Several self-balancing binary search tree data structures use these rotations as a primitive operation in their rebalancing algorithms . A rotation operates on two nodes and , where is the parent of , and restructures the tree by making be the parent of and taking the place of in the tree . To free up one of the child links of and make room to link as a child of , this operation may also need to move one of the children of to become a child of .
There are two variations of this operation , a right rotation in which begins as the left child of and ends as the right child of , and a left rotation in which begins as the right child of and ends as the left child of .
Any two trees that have the same left-to-right sequence of nodes may be transformed into each other by a sequence of rotations . The rotation distance between the two trees is the number of rotations in the shortest possible sequence of rotations that performs this transformation . It can also be described as the shortest path distance in a rotation graph , a graph that has a vertex for each binary tree on a given left-to-right sequence of nodes and an edge for each rotation between two trees . This rotation graph is exactly the graph of vertices and edges of an associahedron .
Equivalence to flip distance
Given a family of triangulations of some geometric object , a flip is an operation that transforms one triangulation to another by removing an edge between two triangles and adding the opposite diagonal to the resulting quadrilateral . The flip distance between two triangulations is the minimum number of flips needed to transform one triangulation into another . It can also be described as the shortest path distance in a flip graph , a graph that has a vertex for each triangulation and an edge for each flip between two triangulations . Flips and flip distances can be defined in this way for several different kinds of triangulations , including triangulations of sets of points in the Euclidean plane , triangulations of polygons , and triangulations of abstract manifolds .
There is a one-to-one correspondence between triangulations of a given convex polygon , with a designated root edge , and binary trees , taking triangulations of -sided polygons into binary trees with nodes . In this correspondence , each triangle of a triangulation corresponds to a node in a binary tree . The root node is the triangle having the designated root edge as one of its sides , and two nodes are linked as parent and child in the tree when the corresponding triangles share a diagonal in the triangulation .
Under this correspondence , rotations in binary trees correspond exactly to flips in the corresponding triangulations . Therefore , the rotation distance on -node trees corresponds exactly to flip distance on triangulations of -sided convex polygons .
Maximum value
define the `` right spine '' of a binary tree to be the path obtained by starting from the root and following right child links until reaching a node that has no right child . If a tree has the property that not all nodes belong to the right spine , there always exists a right rotation that increases the length of the right spine . For , in this case , there exists at least one node on the right spine that has a left child that is not on the right spine . Performing a right rotation on and adds to the right spine without removing any other node from it . By repeatedly increasing the length of the right spine , any -node tree can be transformed into the unique tree with the same node order in which all nodes belong to the right spine , in at most steps . Given any two trees with the same node order , one can transform one into the other by transforming the first tree into a tree with all nodes on the right spine , and then reversing the same transformation of the second tree , in a total of at most steps . Therefore , as proved , the rotation distance between any two trees is at most .
By considering the problem in terms of flips of convex polygons instead of rotations of trees , were able to show that the rotation distance is at most . In terms of triangulations of convex polygons , the right spine is the sequence of triangles incident to the right endpoint of the root edge , and the tree in which all vertices lie on the spine corresponds to a fan triangulation for this vertex . The main idea of their improvement is to try flipping both given triangulations to a fan triangulation for any vertex , rather than only the one for the right endpoint of the root edge . It is not possible for all of these choices to simultaneously give the worst-case distance from each starting triangulation , giving the improvement .
also used a geometric argument to show that , for infinitely many values of , the maximum rotation distance is exactly . They again use the interpretation of the problem in terms of flips of triangulations of convex polygons , and they interpret the starting and ending triangulation as the top and bottom faces of a convex polyhedron with the convex polygon itself interpreted as a Hamiltonian circuit in this polyhedron . Under this interpretation , a sequence of flips from one triangulation to the other can be translated into a collection of tetrahedra that triangulate the given three-dimensional polyhedron . They find a family of polyhedra with the property that ( in three-dimensional hyperbolic geometry ) the polyhedra have large volume , but all tetrahedra inside them have much smaller volume , implying that many tetrahedra are needed in any triangulation . The binary trees obtained from translating the top and bottom sets of faces of these polyhedra back into trees have high rotation distance , at least .
Subsequently , provided a proof that for all , the maximum rotation distance is exactly . Pournin 's proof is combinatorial , and avoids the use of hyperbolic geometry .
Computational complexity
As well as defining rotation distance , asked for the computational complexity of computing the rotation distance between two given trees . The existence of short rotation sequences between any two trees implies that testing whether the rotation distance is at most belongs to the complexity class NP , but it is not known to be NP-complete , nor is it known to be solvable in polynomial time . Yet , Fordham 's algorithm computes rotation distance in linear time , but only allows rotations on the root node and its right child . Fordham 's algorithm relies on a classification of nodes into 7 types , and a lookup table is used to find the number of rotations required to transform a node of one type into another .
The rotation distance between any two trees can be lowed bounded , in the equivalent view of polygon triangulations , by the number of diagonals that need to be removed from one triangulation and replaced by other diagonals to produce the other triangulation . It can also be upper bounded by twice this number ,
by partitioning the problem into subproblems along any diagonals shared between both triangulations and then applying the method of to each subproblem . This method provides an approximation algorithm for the problem with an approximation ratio of two . A similar approach of partitioning into subproblems along shared diagonals leads to a fixed-parameter tractable algorithm for computing the rotation distance exactly .
Determining the complexity of computing the rotation distance exactly without parameterization remains unsolved , and the best algorithms currently known for the problem run in exponential time . Yet , the existence of Fordham 's algorithm strongly suggests a linear time algorithm exists for computing rotation distance .
References
Binary trees
Triangulation ( geometry )
Reconfiguration
Switzerland was represented by 22 athletes ( 12 men and 10 women ) at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona , Spain , from 27 July to 1 August 2010 .
Participants
Results
References
Participants list
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
Switzerland at the European Athletics Championships
European Athletics Championships
The N & W LC-1 was a class of boxcab electric locomotives built by Baldwin-Westinghouse for the Norfolk and Western Railway . The locomotives were part of an electrification project undertaken by the N & W to improve traffic conditions on the Elkhorn grade in its Bluefield Division . Baldwin-Westinghouse delivered 12 twin-unit boxcabs in 1914–1915 . N & W scrapped them in 1950 when it discontinued electric operations .
Background
In the early twentieth century the Bluefield Division of the Norfolk and Western Railway featured a forbidding two percent average grade . Multiple 2-6-6-2 Class Z1 `` Mallet '' articulated steam locomotives labored hauling coal trains up and down the grade . Although most of the route was double track , it narrowed to a single track at the Elkhorn Tunnel , which was long and itself on a % grade . Steam-powered trains were limited to in the tunnel , and delays were common .
Design
The LC-1 were of the boxcab type and operated in a semi-permanent twin-unit configuration . The combined locomotive weighed and was long , making it both the largest and heaviest electric locomotive in the United States at the time of its introduction .
The LC-1 collected power from overhead lines via pantograph ; an on-board transformer stepped the overhead single-phase 11 kV AC down to 750 V. This in turn powered a rotary phase converter , which converted the single phase current to three phase 750 V. The use of three-phase aboard the LC-1 was recommended by Gibbs & Hill , a New York firm who consulted with N & W on the electrification project . According to William D. Middleton , Gibbs & Hill believed that the `` ruggedness and simplicity , high output , uniform torque , and adaptability '' of three-phase made it a superior choice to single-phase AC or DC for the mountainous Elkhorn area .
History
The effect of the electric operation was immediate and measurable . In June 1914 the electrified district handled 272 trains averaging of coal . Each train required three Class Z1 locomotives . In June 1915 , with electric operation only partially implemented , this rose to 397 trains averaging , a 60 percent increase . In normal operation two LC-1 boxcabs could handle each train .
After World War II the N & W bypassed the existing Elkhorn Tunnel with a new tunnel twice as long as the original , double-tracked , and on a gentler 1.4 % grade . These improvements eliminated the need for electrification . On the opening of the new tunnel on June 26 , 1950 the N & W retired the LC-1s . None have been saved .
Notes
References
External links
LC-1 at the N & W Historical Society Archives
11 kV AC locomotives
1-B+B-1 locomotives
Electric locomotives of the United States
LC1
Scrapped locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Westinghouse locomotives
A marginal seat or swing seat is a constituency held with a small majority in a legislative election , generally one conducted under a single-winner voting system . In Canada , they may be known as target ridings . The opposite is a safe seat . The term ultra-marginal seat refers to a constituency with a majority of single or double digits , usually within a percentage of 2 % .
Examples of traditionally marginal seats in the United Kingdom include Broxtowe , Watford , Bolton West and Thurrock . In Australia , marginal seats include Lindsay in New South Wales , Braddon in Tasmania , Longman in Queensland and Corangamite in Victoria .
In the United States
In the United States , examples of congressional districts considered marginal in recent years include Illinois 's 10th congressional district , located in the northern suburbs of Chicago , Texas 's 23rd congressional district , covering most of Texas ' border with Mexico , and New Hampshire 's 1st congressional district , which includes much of the state 's eastern half , including its most populous city Manchester . Within the past decade , these three districts are examples of ones that have frequently switched partisan control and seen close races .
However , political realignments and redistricting may cause traditionally marginal districts to become safe for one party or another . An example of the former is Indiana 's 8th congressional district , which was nicknamed the `` Bloody Eighth '' for its history of ousting incumbents from both the Democratic and Republican parties . However , as rural white voters , who are a large percentage of the district 's population , have become increasingly Republican , it is now considered a safely Republican seat . On the other hand , North Carolina 's 11th congressional district is an example of a seat that lost its marginal status due to redistricting . It was formerly a highly competitive seat , albeit with a slight conservative lean , that often changed partisan hands . The Democratic base in the district was the city of Asheville , while Republicans were dominant in much of the city 's suburbs , and the mountainous rural areas were evenly split between the two parties . However , the Republican-controlled North Carolina legislature redrew the district in 2012 to remove much of Asheville and add conservative territory from the adjacent 10th district , therefore making the district much more difficult to win for three-term incumbent Heath Shuler , a conservative Democrat . Indeed , Shuler opted to retire , and Republican Mark Meadows won the seat easily , subsequently holding it until March 2020 when he resigned to serve as White House Chief of Staff .
Conversely , seats that were formerly considered safe for one party may become swing seats . For instance , Orange County , California , was traditionally a Republican stronghold , and most of its congressional seats were solidly Republican for decades . However , demographic changes , particularly Democratic strength with Hispanic and Asian voters , have eroded Republican dominance of the county ; Hillary Clinton won it in 2016 , becoming the first Democratic presidential nominee to do so since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936 , while Democrats , for the first time in many years , swept all of its congressional seats in the 2018 midterms .
Marginal seats only require a small swing to change hands and therefore are typically the focus of most campaign resources . The concentration of money and human resources in areas where they will make the most difference is known as targeting .
Strategies for securing marginal seats
The creation of policy that will benefit a particular seat , at the expense of other taxpayers , is known as pork barreling .
Political parties often face tension between the holders of marginal seats and safe seats . Safe seats tend to be allocated far less discretionary resources—governmental as well as political—from their political party than do marginal seats .
A similar phenomenon happens in the United States presidential elections , where the Electoral College system means that candidates must win states rather than the popular vote . Again , resources are concentrated towards the swing states with the smallest majorities .
See also
Bellwether
Swing vote
References
Elections
Political science terminology
is a junction passenger railway station located in the town of Kaiyō , Kaifu District , Tokushima Prefecture , Japan . It is operated jointly by JR Shikoku and the third-sector Asa Seaside Railway and has the station number `` M27 '' .
Lines
Awa-Kainan Station is he southern terminus of the Mugi Line and is located 77.8 km from the opposing terminus of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station . And , since 1 November 2020 , it is the northern terminus of the 10.0 kilometer Asato Line to Kannoura Station .
Limited express Muroto ( train ) is extended to this station , and the service goes to Tokushima Station via Mugi Station in the morning .
Layout
The station , which is unstaffed , consists of a side platform serving a single track . There is no station building but a community interaction centre set up by the local municipal authorities is linked to the platform and serves as a waiting room . There is , additionally , a weather shelter on the platform . Access to the platform is by means of a flight of steps from the station forecourt or a ramp from the community interaction centre . A bike shed is provided near the base of the steps .
And , DMV departs from and arrives at a bus stop in front of this station .
DMV
Since 1 November 2020 , this station has been transferred to Asa Seaside Railway and managed with Asa Seaside Railway and JR Shikoku because DMV is commenced operating from 2021 . What is more , discontinued interconnection with JR and Asa Seaside Railway due to construction of DMV .
And , Asa Seaside Railway Awa-Kainan Station will be changed to a signal station , so trains depart from and arrive at bus stop near the station .
Adjacent stations
|-
History
Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) opened the station on 1 October 1973 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987 , with the privatization of JNR , control of the station passed to JR Shikoku . And , since 1 November 2020 , the station has been transferred to Asa Seaside Railway .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019 , the station was used by an average of 176 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
Kaiyo Town Hall
Kaiyo Municipal Library
Kaiyo Municipal Kainan Hospital
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Asatetsu home page
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1973
Kaiyō , Tokushima
Aescin or escin is a mixture of saponins with anti-inflammatory , vasoconstrictor and vasoprotective effects found in Aesculus hippocastanum ( the horse chestnut ) . Aescin is the main active component in horse chestnut , and is responsible for most of its medicinal properties . The main active compound of aescin is β-aescin , although the mixture also contains various other components including α-aescin , protoescigenin , barringtogenol , cryptoescin and benzopyrones .
Evidence suggests that aescin , especially pure β-aescin , is a safe and effective treatment for short-term treatment of chronic venous insufficiency ; however , more high quality randomized controlled trials are required to confirm the effectiveness . Horse chestnut extract may be as effective and well tolerated as the use of compression stockings .
Mechanism of action
Aescin appears to produce effects through a wide range of mechanisms . It induces endothelial nitric oxide synthesis by making endothelial cells more permeable to calcium ions , and also induces release of prostaglandin F2α . Other possible mechanisms include serotonin antagonism and histamine antagonism and reduced catabolism of tissue mucopolysaccharides .
References
External links
Information on horse chestnut extract from Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
- alpha-Aescin
Saponins
Triterpene glycosides
Acetate esters
White Dwarf is a magazine published by British games manufacturer Games Workshop , which has long served as a promotions and advertising platform for Games Workshop and Citadel Miniatures products .
During the first ten years of its publication , it covered a wide variety of fantasy and science-fiction role-playing games ( RPGs ) and board games , particularly the role playing games Advanced Dungeons & Dragons ( AD & D ) , Call of Cthulhu , RuneQuest and Traveller . These games were all published by other games companies and distributed in the United Kingdom by Games Workshop stores . The magazine underwent a major change in style and content in the late 1980s . It is now dedicated exclusively to the miniature wargames produced by Games Workshop .
History
1975 : Owl and Weasel to White Dwarf
Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone initially produced a newsletter called Owl and Weasel , which ran for twenty-five issues from February 1975 before it evolved into White Dwarf .
Originally scheduled for May/June 1977 , White Dwarf was first published one month later . According to Shannon Appelcline , `` Issue # 1 ... was a 20-page magazine printed on glossy stock with a two-color cover . '' The magazine had a bimonthly schedule , with an initial ( and speculative ) print run of 4,000 . White Dwarf continued the fantasy and science fiction role-playing and board-gaming theme developed in Owl and Weasel . Due to the increase in available space , there was an opportunity to produce reviews , articles and scenarios to a greater depth than had been possible in Owl and Weasel .
Early 1980s : as a general RPG periodical
During the early 1980s the magazine focused mainly on the 'big three ' role playing games of the time : Advanced Dungeons & Dragons , RuneQuest , and Traveller .
In addition to this a generation of writers passed through its offices and onto other RPG projects in the next decade , such as Phil Masters and Marcus L. Rowland . One huge attraction of the magazine was its incorporation of mini-game scenarios , capable of completion in a single night 's play , rather than the mega-marathon games typical of the off the shelf campaigns . This would often be in the form of an attractive and interesting single task for either existing or new characters to resolve . These could either be slipped into existing campaign plots , or be used stand-alone , just for a fun evening , and were easily grasped by those familiar with RPG rules .
During this period the magazine included many features such as the satirical comic strip Thrud the Barbarian and Dave Langford 's `` Critical Mass '' book review column , as well as a comical advertising series `` The Androx Diaries '' , and always had cameos and full scenarios for a broad selection of the most popular games of the time , as well as a more rough and informal editorial style .
Mid-1980s : house magazine of Games Workshop
In the mid-late 1980s , however , there was a repositioning from being a general periodical covering all aspects and publishers within the hobby niche to a focus almost exclusively on Games Workshop 's own products and publications . The last Dungeons & Dragons article appeared in issue 93 , with the changeover being complete by issue # 102 . In this respect it took over some of the aspects of the Citadel Journal , an intermittent publication that supported the Warhammer Fantasy Battle game . The magazine has always been a conduit for new rules and ideas for GW games as well as a means to showcase developments . It often includes scenarios , campaigns , hobby news , photos of recently released miniatures and tips on building terrain and constructing or converting miniatures .
Grombrindal the White Dwarf is also a special character for the Warhammer Dwarf army , whose rules are published only in certain issues of White Dwarf ( being revamped for the most recent edition of the rules ) . It is never stated who exactly the White Dwarf is , but it is implied that he is the spirit of Snorri Whitebeard , the last king of the Dwarfs to receive respect from an Elf . The image of the White Dwarf has graced the cover of many issues of the magazine . The image was also used on the character sheet for the Dwarf character in HeroQuest .
In December 2004 , White Dwarf published its 300th issue in the United Kingdom and North America . Each issue contained many special `` freebies '' as well as articles on the history of the magazine and the founding of Games Workshop .
The monthly battle reports are a regular feature . Battle reports detail a battle between two or more forces , usually with their own specific victory conditions . The reports follow the gamers through their army selection , tactics and deployment , through the battle to their respective conclusions . The format varies , ranging from a simplified , generalized style to a more detailed and visual style .
The page count of the US and UK publications was substantially different ( for example , bearing in mind the US/UK numbering difference : issue US # 319 , 156 pages ; UK # 320 , 132 pages ) with substantial differences in actual amount of content ( for example in the same issues : US , 114 pages ; UK , 71 pages ) and each magazine had substantial overlap with the other as well as unique articles .
Recent years
In June 2010 Andrew Kenrick replaced Mark Latham as editor . Kenrick had previously been sub-editor , as well as sub-editing other Games Workshop material such as the most recent edition of Codex : Space Marines .
As of the October 2012 issue , White Dwarf was redesigned with a new 9 member production staff with Matthew Hutson , Kris Shield and Andrew Kenrick continuing from the previous version and 6 new members including Jes Bickham as the new editor . Bickham had previously edited the Battle Games in Middle-earth magazine .
White Dwarf continued to be published on a monthly basis until issue # 409 , January 2014 . On 1 February 2014 , the magazine moved to a 32 page format , published weekly and renumbered from issue 1 . Warhammer Visions , a monthly sister title , was launched at the same time , in a format favouring the imagery over text . The weekly version of White Dwarf lasted for 131 issues and in September 2016 the magazine returned to its monthly format , also subsuming Warhammer Visions .
Spinoffs
In the early 1980s , mail-order subscriber copies of White Dwarf also received a small ( A5 , black and white ) companion magazine Black Sun edited by Steve Williams , with contributions from White Dwarf regulars such as Ian Marsh and Games Workshop staff ; it offered parodies , extended reviews , humour and gaming news .
During the late 1980s the Black Sun was rekindled , this time written , illustrated and produced by Tim Pollard ( with occasional contributions from other GW authors such as Andy Chambers ) . It contained very informal 'inside ' information from the Citadel Mail Order Department , news , game reviews , articles and competitions as well as a short lived cartoon serial . Some new rules for then current GW products also debuted in Black Sun .
GW 's US studio also ran for a while a biweekly online supplemental free e-zine Black Gobbo . It included two regular columns , `` Rules of Engagement '' and `` Ask the Scenery Guy '' , to help answer gamers ' questions . Similar to its printed counterpart , it was devoted to the games and hobbies created by GW . Just like its printed counterpart , Black Gobbo also has its own character , published on the web with its own article , rules , and modelling tips . The name is a pun . Gobbo stands for Goblin , which is hated by the Dwarfs . Dwarfs are , likewise , hated by Goblins . Black is also the opposite of white , hence Black Gobbo is the exact opposite of White Dwarf ; one being free , electronic , short , weekly , black and a Goblin while the other one cost something , printed , comparatively long , monthly , white , and a Dwarf . The e-zine was cancelled in 2008 during the revision of GW 's online strategy .
White Dwarf global editors
Note : During Jes Bickham 's period as editor White Dwarf went weekly for a few years , then returned to being monthly but was no longer officially numbered . Those marked with stars indicate guest editorship .
See also
Battle Games in Middle Earth
Warlock ( magazine )
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Index to White Dwarf — browsable index by topic , covers # 1-100 , The Best of White Dwarf Articles # 1 to # 3 , and The Best of White Dwarf Scenarios # 3
Games Workshop
Wargaming magazines
Game magazines published in the United Kingdom
Role-playing game magazines
Fighting Fantasy
Magazines established in 1977
1977 establishments in the United Kingdom
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Middle-earth Strategy Battle Game
Weekly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in London
The anterior ligament of the elbow is a broad and thin fibrous layer covering the anterior surface of the joint .
It is attached to the front of the medial epicondyle and to the front of the humerus immediately above the coronoid and radial fossae below , to the anterior surface of the coronoid process of the ulna and to the annular ligament , being continuous on either side with the collateral ligaments .
Its superficial fibers pass obliquely from the medial epicondyle of the humerus to the annular ligament .
The middle fibers , vertical in direction , pass from the upper part of the coronoid fossa and become partly blended with the preceding , but are inserted mainly into the anterior surface of the coronoid process .
The deep or transverse set intersects these at right angles . This ligament is in relation , in front , with the brachialis muscle , except at its most lateral part .
References
Ligaments
Upper limb anatomy
Valdivia Point ( ) is a point forming both the northwest side of the entrance to Salvesen Cove and the north extremity of Pefaur ( Ventimiglia ) Peninsula on Danco Coast , Graham Land in Antarctica . Charted and named Valdivia Insel , after the German ship Valdivia , by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Nordenskjold , 1901–04 . Air photos taken by the Falkland Islands and Dependencies Aerial Survey Expedition ( FIDASE ) in 1956-57 show the feature to be joined to the mainland .
Map
British Antarctic Territory . Scale 1:200000 topographic map . DOS 610 Series , Sheet W 64 60 . Directorate of Overseas Surveys , Tolworth , UK , 1978 .
References
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica .
Headlands of Graham Land
Danco Coast
The Cape Verde national basketball team represents Cape Verde in international basketball matches and is administered by the Federação Cabo-verdiana de Basquetebol .
Its greatest accomplishment was the bronze medal at the AfroBasket 2007 , where Cape Verde beat Egypt in its last game .
Achievements
Cape Verde Basketball team qualifies for AfroBasket 2013
Silver medal at the 2009 Lusophony Games
Bronze medal at the FIBA Africa Championship 2007
Bronze medal at the 2006 Lusophony Games
Competitive record
AfroBasket
Third place Fourth place
African Games
2011 – 6th
Lusophony Games
2006 –
2009 –
2014 – 4th
Team
Current roster
Roster for the AfroBasket 2021 .
Depth chart
Head coach position
Emanuel Trovoada – 2007
Eric Silva – 2008
Alex Nwora – 2009–2013
Antonio Tavares – 2014
Luis Magalhães – 2015
Past rosters
Team for the 2013 FIBA Africa Championship .
Kit
Manufacturer
2015 – Peak
Sponsor
2015 – Zap
See also
Cape Verde women 's national basketball team
References
External links
FIBA profile
Videos
Cote d'Ivoire v Cape Verde – Game Highlights – Group D – AfroBasket 2015 Youtube.com video
Cape Verde
Basketball
Basketball teams in Cape Verde
Basketball
1988 establishments in Cape Verde
The Obusier de 155 mm C modèle 1890 - was a French howitzer designed by Captain Louis Henry Auguste Baquet and employed by the French army during the First World War . It was one of the first modern howitzers equipped with a recoil system .
History
Development of the mle 1890 began in 1886 at the Atelier-de-précision in Paris , following a request by the French Army for a mobile heavy howitzer capable of high angle fire .
Design
The mle 1890 is a transitional piece and was a combination of both old and new ideas . It was a breech loaded howitzer with a steel barrel and a de Bange obturator designed by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange which used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles . The barrel was the same as used on the earlier Obusier de 155 mm C modele 1881 siege gun . The steel box trail carriage had two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims and was designed to be light enough to be horse-drawn in one piece . The carriage was split into two parts , a stationary lower part which supported the weapon and a sliding upper part which supported the gun barrel . The barrel was inserted into a cradle with a hydro-pneumatic recoil system below the barrel which connected to the lower portion of the carriage .
The cradle and carriage had a hollow center section to allow for high angles of elevation , while the front of the cradle pivoted to allow limited traverse . When the gun fired the cradle recoiled backward , while the lower part stayed anchored . This style of carriage and recoil system was also used by the less powerful Obusier de 120 mm C modèle 1890 . The recoil mechanism was not enough to absorb the barrels recoil forces and this made the piece unstable at firing . This style of carriage and recoil system did not find wider acceptance due to its insufficient performance .
First world war
Although the majority of combatants had heavy field artillery prior to the outbreak of the First World War , none had adequate numbers of heavy guns in service , nor had they foreseen the growing importance of heavy artillery once the Western Front stagnated and trench warfare set in . Fortresses , armories , coastal fortifications , and museums were scoured for heavy artillery and sent to the front . Suitable field and rail carriages were built for these guns in an effort to give their forces the heavy field artillery needed to overcome trenches and hardened concrete fortifications .
In August 1914 , 134 mle 1890s were assigned to régiments d'artillerie lourde de campagne ( heavy field artillery regiments ) and régiments d'artillerie à pied ( fortress artillery regiments ) in forts of the Séré de Rivières .
Ammunition
The mle 1881 used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles . The charges were in cloth bags and the weight of propellant could be varied from to vary range and velocity .
References
Artillery of France
World War I artillery of France
World War I guns
Siege artillery
155 mm artillery
Etiprednol is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid .
References
Diketones
Diols
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Carboxylate esters
Ethyl esters
Mount Lynch ( ) is , at , one of the high peaks in the Rampart Ridge , rising between Shupe Peak and Bishop Peak in Victoria Land , Antarctica . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after John Lynch , a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) representative at the South Pole for a portion of the austral summer season since 1986 and , at the time of naming , Program Manager for Polar Aeronomy and Astrophysics at the Office of Polar Programs , NSF .
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Nidhanpur copperplate inscription of the 7th-century Kamarupa king Bhaskaravarman gives a detailed account of land grants given to Brahmins . It records land grants to more than two hundred vaidika brahmanas belonging to 56 gotras . The copper plates were found mostly in Panchakhanda pargana where , according to historians , the actual granted lands were located . This Sanskrit inscription contains the names of donees which are more than two hundred in numbers .
The inscriptions recorded by Bhaskaravarman in different parts of India provide a detailed account of his rule and associate events . It was customary among the kings of Kamarupa to issue seals for every major event related to the kingdom be they giving land grants to Brahmins or winning a war .
Discovery
The copper plates were discovered on 29 December 1912 , in the village of Nidhanpur in Panchakhanda near Sylhet , Bangladesh . They were discovered by a cultivator during the process of building a buffalo shed . Thinking that they were a clue to the location of a hidden treasure , he took the plates to a local landholder who recognised them for what they were and brought them to the attention of authorities in Silchar in present-day Assam , India .
Translation
The following is the translation of the inscription by Padmanath Bhattacharya Vidya Vinod :
Since after the burning of the plates , these newly written letters are ( obviously ) different in form ( from the letters of the earlier grant ) they are not ( to be respected as ) forged . ' ( v. 28 )
See also
Kamarupa of Bhaskaravarman
Pal family of Panchakhanda
Notes
References
Kamarupa ( former kingdom )
Sanskrit inscriptions in India
The 1903 New York state election was held on November 3 , 1903 , to elect a judge of the New York Court of Appeals , as well as all members of the New York State Assembly and one member of the New York State Senate .
Background
Denis O'Brien had been elected to the Court of Appeals in 1889 , and his term would expire at the end of 1903 .
State Senator Charles P. McClelland was appointed U.S. General Appraiser by President Theodore Roosevelt and thus vacated his seat .
Candidates
The Democratic State Committee met on September 5 in Albany , New York . Frank Campbell was Chairman . The incumbent judge Denis O'Brien was re-nominated unanimously .
The Republican State Committee met on September 8 at the Fifth Avenue Hotel . George W. Dunn was Chairman . They endorsed the Democratic incumbent Denis O'Brien .
Result
The jointly nominated incumbent Denis O'Brien was re-elected .
96 Republicans , 53 Democrats and 1 Independent were elected for the session of 1904 to the Assembly .
Republican Francis M. Carpenter was elected to succeed Democrat McClelland in the State Senate , giving the Republicans a majority of 29 to 21 in 1904 .
Notes
Sources
Result in New York County : OFFICIAL ELECTION TOTALS in NYT on December 2 , 1903
COUNT ON LEGISLATURE in NYT on November 5 , 1903
Result : The Tribune Almanac 1904
See also
New York state elections
1903
1903 New York ( state ) elections
Nicholas Maddox ( November 9 , 1886 – November 27 , 1954 ) was an American professional baseball player . He played in Major League Baseball as a right-handed pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1907 through 1910 . Maddox is one of the few pitchers to throw a no-hitter in his rookie season .
Maddox was born in Govanstown , Maryland . He defeated the Brooklyn Superbas 2–1 at Pittsburgh 's Exposition Park on September 20 , , one week after pitching a 4–0 shutout against the St. Louis Cardinals in his major league debut .
Not until Cliff Chambers in would another Pirate pitch a no-hitter , and the next no-hitter in Pittsburgh would not come until , when Bob Gibson of the Cardinals no-hit the Pirates at Three Rivers Stadium , nor would another Pirate pitch a no-hitter in Pittsburgh until John Candelaria did so in . The Pirates ' home stadium in between , Forbes Field , had not witnessed a no-hitter in its 61-year ( mid-–mid- ) history . Through 2013 , Maddox is still the youngest pitcher to throw a no-hitter in the majors .
Maddox was also the last Pirate to win his first 4 career starts ( in 1907 ) until the feat was matched by Gerrit Cole in 2013 . William F. Kirk of the New York American in 1908 called Maddox a `` a well formed youth with a face like a dried apple . ''
After his rookie season , Maddox spent two more years with the Pirates as a starting pitcher and finished his career in 1910 as a relief pitcher . In his career , he had 43 wins , 20 losses , and a 2.29 earned run average .
Maddox died on November 27 , 1954 , at the age of 68 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Baltimore
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Wheeling Stogies players
Kansas City Blues ( baseball ) players
Louisville Colonels ( minor league ) players
Wichita Witches players
1886 births
1954 deaths
Raspberry Cough is the debut studio album by Long Island Shoegaze band Petal Head . The album was recorded and produced by Latterman and Iron Chic guitarist Phil Douglas at his studio in Long Island called The Hobo House . The album was released on Dead Broke Rekerds on September 1 , 2015 .
Reception
The album received generally favorable reviews upon release . New Noise Magazine wrote “ The band strips every dynamic and traditional sense out of conventional Alt Rock and build it up in their own loud and abrasive yet both parts dreamy and droning . Petal Head 's debut album Raspberry Cough takes you on a sonic journey through thick walls of sound into dreamscapes and then back into a dynamic onslaught of riffs without ever compromising the ride. “
Track listing
All music and lyrics written by Michael Guidice .
Personnel
Michael Guidice - Vocals , Guitars , Keyboards
Andy Laurino - Bass
Bradley Cordaro - Drums
Phil Douglas , Michael Guidice - Production
Carl Saff - Mastering
Bráulio Amado - Artwork
References
2013 debut albums
Petal Head albums
Patricia Alcivar ( born December 12 , 1977 ) is a competitive road and adventure racer , model , commercial/fitness actress and former professional boxer .
Alcivar was born in Barranquilla , Colombia , but grew up in Jackson Heights , Queens , where her family moved when she was a toddler . She was raised in an abusive household and moved out on her own at the young age of 15 . She survived against all odds by working a part-time job to support herself while finishing high school with honors .
Early Martial Arts Career
Alcivar practiced and competed in the martial art of Kyokushin . She started at the age of 13 and won a world championship at age 18 at the Manhattan Center in 1995 .
Amateur Boxing Career
Alcivar started her amateur Boxing career shortly after winning the world title in Kyokushin . She enrolled in a Boxing Aerobics class where she challenged the coach of the class who was Martin Snow . Alcivar went on to have a fantastic amateur career often noted as a pioneer in women 's boxing . She had around 35 amateur fights and won two New York City Daily News Golden Gloves Championships , a national championship and won an international competition . She was the first female boxer to be voted the athlete of the year by the United States Olympic Committee. ,
Professional boxing career
Patricia started her professional Boxing Career on October 9 , 2009 with a first-round knockout over Jennifer Batchelder . This fight took place in Columbia , Tennessee . Alcivar then faced Laura Gomez May 16 , 2010 in Kissimmee , Florida and won that fight by a fourth-round TKO . For her third fight on August 13 , 2010 she won by TKO in the third round over Shari Denise Jacobs in Tampa , Florida . Alcivar then had a rematch with Laura Gomez on March 4 , 2011 , in Alcivars home town of Queens , New York and was taken the distance for the first time with unanimous decision with all three judges scoring all four rounds for Alcivar . Alcivar defeated Savanna `` The Lioness '' Hill on April 2 , 2011 at Roger Dean Stadium in Jupiter , Florida . She won by a decisive 6 round unanimous decision . The cards read 60-54 twice and 60-53 . Hill was looking to go several times during the fight and actually appeared to be crying during the fight as she was taking a fierce beating from Alcivar . Alcivar was help guided by Johnny Faraće .
Professional boxing record
See also
List of female boxers
References
[ VIBE Magazine , March 1999 , `` Mamí Said Knock You Out '' ]
External links
www.patriciaalcivar.com
Patricia Alcivar at Awakening Fighters
Professional Boxing record at Boxrec
1977 births
People from Barranquilla
Living people
American women boxers
Boxers from New York ( state )
American sportspeople of Colombian descent
Kyokushin kaikan practitioners
American female karateka
Flyweight boxers
21st-century American women
Tervada is a village in Kankrej Taluka of Banaskantha district in Gujarat , India .
History
Tervada , once the chief town of a large district , was , along with the neighbouring estate of Diyodar , held by the Koli chieftains of Vaghelas Clan . Under the Gujarat Sultanate of Ahmedabad , Tervada together with Radhanpur , Morbi , Sami , Munjpur Kankrej , Santalpur , and Tharad , came into the hands of Fateh Khan and Rustara Khan Baloch , members of one of the most powerful families of Gujarat nobles who probably came from Sindh . With Tervada as their headquarters , the Baloch family continued to hold these lands till , early in the eighteenth century , they were taken by Nawab Kamal-ud-din Khan Babi , and confirmed to him by the Viceroy Mubariz-ul-Mulk ( 1723- 1730 ) of Jhalori family of Palanpur .
During the eighteenth century , besides the parts made over to the Babi family , much of the Tervada estate was filched away from the weakened head of the house by his Koli Thakor and other neighbours . Of the former 104 Tervada villages only sixteen remain by nineteenth century . These were , in 1822 , confirmed to Baloch Khan as the Nawab of Radhanpur failed to disprove his claim . He was succeeded by Thakor Nathu Khan .
Tervada entered into agreements with the British Government in the 1820s . It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency , which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency . After Independence of India in 1947 , Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State . When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State , it fell under Banaskantha district of Gujarat .
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :
Villages in Banaskantha district
Koli princely states
The Battle of the Rio Grande City was a military engagement during the Cortina War between pro-Mexican Cortinistas and a group of US Army regulars supported by Texas Rangers .
Background
In 1859 , the United States Army moved its garrisons on the lower Rio Grande to Fort Brown , prompting Chena Cortina to attack Rio Grande City and all along the Rio Grande Valley from Laredo to the Gulf of Mexico . Governor Hardin Richard Runnels ordered Rip Ford with a detachment of State Troops ( Texas Rangers ) to Fort Brown , where he combined forces with Major Heintzelman and other Texas Rangers under Captain Tobin . The march there `` brought to light many acts of vandalism . Houses had been robbed and fired , fences burned , property destroyed or carried into Mexico . Settlements were broken up for the time being ; the inhabitants had fled for their lives . Cortina had committed these outrages upon citizens of the United States ... '' . On 26 December , Cortina was camped in the main street of the Rio Grande City .
Battle
Major Ford 's Texas Rangers were to turn the left flank of Cortina ( on a little hill overlooking the town ) while Major Heintzelman approached with his artillery at dawn on the 27th . Cortina 's right flank was on the Rio Grande . At daylight , Major Ford drove in Cortina 's picket , forced back a reconnoitering party , fired into Ringgold Barracks , forced it back , gained the crest of the hill and found the town empty . Cortina 's artillery was on the Roma road and under a heavy fog , but Lt. Fry 's detachment silenced it . Cortina 's cavalry charged but Ford 's troops left `` Cortina 's bold riders ... on the ground . '' The Mexicans started to retreat at which time Heintzleman 's troops arrived and helped Ford pursue the Mexicans to the river , killing many , and forcing them to abandon their guns .
Aftermath
Cortina 's forces retreated into Mexico near Guerrero and Mier . Major Heintzelman moved up the Rio Grande to Roma while Ford marched to Brownsville forming a new company of eighty-three Texas Rangers . On 2 February 1860 , Ford and his Texas Rangers were placed under the command of Major Heintzelman and was responsible for clearing `` the country of robbing bands '' and defending the steamer Ranchero '' 's passage from the Rio Grande City to Brownsville from Cortina . On 4 February , Ford and forty-eight Rangers crossed into Mexico , confronted Cortina 's forces around La Bolsa and forced them to flee . Ford stayed on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande until 6 February when he received assurances the Ranchero would not be attacked . The Ranchero '' reached Brownsville safely on 8 February .
Lt. Col. Robert E. Lee relieved Major Heintzelman and the Mexican authorities offered to restrain `` their citizens from making predatory descents upon the territory and people of Texas ... this was the last active operation of the Cortina War '' .
References
Battles involving the United States
Battles of the Texas Ranger Division
December 1859 events
Conflicts in 1859
1859 in Mexico
Cape Reynolds ( ) is a rocky cape marking the south side of the terminus of David Glacier , on the coast of Victoria Land . Discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition , 1907–09 , under Shackleton , who probably named this feature for Jeremiah ( John ) N. Reynolds , an American who long agitated for exploration of the Antarctic , and who was one of the principal promoters of the U.S . Exploring Expedition , 1838–42 .
Headlands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Angel is a bus service in County Durham and Tyne and Wear , England , which connects Birtley , Low Fell , Gateshead and Newcastle upon Tyne with Chester-le-Street , Durham and Brandon . The service is named after Antony Gormley 's Angel of the North , which the route passes .
History
In January 2018 , coinciding with 20 years of the Angel of the North , Go North East launched new Wright StreetDeck double-deck vehicles on the route – at a cost of £4.5 million .
In May 2019 , additional Friday and Saturday evening and Sunday morning journeys were added . Some journeys were cut during the COVID-19 pandemic , including all-night services .
An all-night service was restored in September 2020 on Friday and Saturday nights , with a daily 24-hour service being introduced in May 2021 . It is currently one of three services ( including services 56 and 60 ) operated by Go North East which run to a daily 24-hour service .
From June 2020 , the service was altered to additionally serve Arnison Centre .
In September 2021 , the service was extended to additionally serve Neville 's Cross , Langley Moor and Brandon in County Durham .
Service and operations
The service currently operates up to every 7–10 minutes between Newcastle and Chester-le-Street via Birtley , with services extending to Durham and Brandon half-hourly . It is currently operated by a fleet of Euro 6 Wright StreetDeck double-deck vehicles , branded in a two-tone green livery , depicting Antony Gormley 's Angel of the North .
The service was previously operated by a fleet of Euro 5 hybrid Volvo B5LH/Wright Gemini 2 , which were introduced in 2012 , and branded in a two-tone green livery similar to that of the current .
Prior to this , the service has been operated by a mixture of single-deck Scania OmniCity and double-deck Volvo B7TL/Wright Gemini vehicles . These were branded in a pink livery , which also depicted the namesake landmark .
References
External links
Go North East website
Bus routes in Tyne and Wear
1952 Országos Bajnokság I ( men 's water polo ) was the 46th water polo championship in Hungary . There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title .
Final list
* M : Matches W : Win D : Drawn L : Lost G+ : Goals earned G- : Goals got P : Point
2 . Class
Qualification-Relegation play-offs : 1 . Vasas Izzó 11 , 2 . Szegedi Dózsa 10 , 3 . Vasas Csepel Autó 9 , 4 . Miskolci Bástya 6 , 5 . Győri Vasas 2 , 6 . Székesfehérvári Dózsa 2 , 7 . Tolnai Vörös Lobogó 2 point .
Budapest : 1 . Vasas Izzó 27 , 2 . Csepeli Vasas 27 , 3 . Bp . Előre 20 , 4 . Vasas MÁVAG 20 , 5 . Vasas Beloiannisz-gyár 20 , 6 . III . ker . Vörös Lobogó 15 , 7 . Előre MÁVAUT 8 , 8 . Bp . Szikra 7 , 9 . Bp . Építők 0 point .
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső : Aranykor ( Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt. , Budapest , 2002 . )
1952 in water polo
1952 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Aage Nielsen-Edwin ( 17 July 1898 – 19 October 1985 ) was a Danish sculptor . His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics . He was awarded the Eckersberg Medal in 1943 .
References
1898 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Danish sculptors
20th-century male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Copenhagen
Ophionectria is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae .
Species
Ophionectria africana
Ophionectria ambigua
Ophionectria annonae
Ophionectria anomala
Ophionectria balladynae
Ophionectria belonospora
Ophionectria briardii
Ophionectria calamicola
Ophionectria cinnabarina
Ophionectria clerodendri
Ophionectria cockerellii
Ophionectria conica
Ophionectria conoidea
Ophionectria cupularum
Ophionectria episphaeria
Ophionectria everhartii
Ophionectria foliicola
Ophionectria globosa
Ophionectria hendrickxii
Ophionectria hidakaeana
Ophionectria hyphicola
Ophionectria lagunensis
Ophionectria lobayenis
Ophionectria luxurians
Ophionectria macrorostrata
Ophionectria magniverrucosa
Ophionectria mellina
Ophionectria muscivora
Ophionectria oubanguiensis
Ophionectria portoricensis
Ophionectria rostrellata
Ophionectria rubicola
Ophionectria scolecospora
Ophionectria tetraspora
Ophionectria theobromae
Ophionectria trichiae
Ophionectria trichospora
Ophionectria ulicis
Ophionectria uredinicola
Ophionectria vernoniae
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Keel Island is an island lying south of Fold Island on the east side of Stefansson Bay , off the coast of Enderby Land , Antarctica . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 , and named Kjolen ( the keel ) . It was seen by an Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions party in 1956 . The translated form of the name recommended by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia has been approved .
References
Islands of Kemp Land
Cape Vestkapp ( ) is a prominent westward projection of the ice front of the Riiser-Larsen Ice Shelf located midway along the ice front and about 60 nautical miles ( 110 km ) west of the Kraul Mountains , Queen Maud Land . It was first photographed from the air by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( NBSAE ) in 1951-52 and mapped from these photos . It was named Vestkapp ( meaning `` west cape '' ) by Norway .
Headlands of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Vivahasammanam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by J. D. Thottan . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sheela , Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Adoor Bhasi . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Kannankutty Nair
Sheela as Gourikkutty
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Parukuttyamma
Adoor Bhasi as Kunjiraman Nair
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Thahasildar
Prema as Thahasildar 's wife
T. S. Muthaiah as Panikker
Alummoodan as Achuthan
K. P. Ummer as Madhavankutty
Meena as Madhavi
Rani Chandra as Sundari
Sadhana as Meenakshi
T. K. Balachandran as Velukutty Nair
Muthukulam as Valyammavan
Vanchiyoor Radha as Cheriyamma
P. R. Menon as Raman Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. D. Thottan
Covina-Valley Unified School District or `` C-VUSD , '' is a unified school district located in Covina , California , United States . C-VUSD serves most of Covina , a large portion of West Covina and unincorporated Covina Hills , small portions of Irwindale , Glendora and San Dimas and the unincorporated communities of Citrus and Vincent .
On June 15 , 2020 , the board of education unanimously appointed Dr. Elizabeth Eminhizer to serve as the superintendent of the Covina-Valley Unified School District . Previously , Dr. Eminhizer served C-VUSD as the assistant superintendent of educational services since July 2014 . Dr. Eminhizer has worked in public education for over 25 years and is dedicated to serving students in the San Gabriel Valley .
Schools
There are 4 high schools ( including one continuation ) , 3 middle schools , 9 elementary schools in the district , and 1 online learning program .
High Schools
Covina High School
Fairvalley High School ( continuation )
Northview High School
South Hills High School
Middle Schools
Las Palmas Intermediate School
Sierra Vista Intermediate School
Traweek Intermediate School
Elementary Schools
Barranca Elementary School
Ben Lomond Elementary School
Cypress Elementary School
Grovecenter Elementary School
Manzanita Elementary School
Merwin Elementary School
Mesa Elementary School
Rowland Avenue Elementary School
Workman Avenue Elementary School
Covina-Valley Learning Options Academy ( C-VLOA )
Enrollment
Enrollment in the 2020–2021 school year was 11,332 . The majority of students are Hispanic with a significant White and Asian minority and a smaller African Americans and Filipino minority .
District Ethnic breakdown ( 2020–2021 )
78.8 % Hispanic
6.9 % White
6.9 % Asian
2.7 % African American
3.0 % Filipino
0.2 % Pacific Islander
0.3 % Native American and Alaska Native
1.2 % Multiple or no response
External links
CVUSD Website
School districts in Los Angeles County , California
Covina , California
Ramona , Los Angeles County , California
San Dimas , California
West Covina , California
Irwindale , California
In mathematics , the necklace ring is a ring introduced by to elucidate the multiplicative properties of necklace polynomials .
Definition
If A is a commutative ring then the necklace ring over A consists of all infinite sequences of elements of A . Addition in the necklace ring is given by pointwise addition of sequences . Multiplication is given by a sort of arithmetic convolution : the product of and has components
where is the least common multiple of and , and is their greatest common divisor .
This ring structure is isomorphic to the multiplication of formal power series written in `` necklace coordinates '' : that is , identifying an integer sequence with the power series .
See also
Witt vector
References
Ring theory
Admiral David Thomas Norris CB CMG ( 27 October 1875 – 19 July 1937 ) was a British Royal Navy officer .
Early life and career
Norris was the son of Mr Justice Norris , a judge of the Calcutta High Court . He was educated at Clifton College , and joined HMS Britannia as a Naval Cadet at the age of 13 , being promoted Midshipman two years later .
Promoted Lieutenant in November 1896 , he specialised in gunnery , and served as gunnery officer in the battleship HMS Vengeance on the China Station . He was promoted Commander in December 1907 and in 1908 became flag commander to the Commander-in-Chief China Station . He then served as executive officer of HMS Dominion , followed by HMS Superb , both in the Home Fleet .
First World War and Russian Civil War
Norris was promoted Captain shortly before the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 and took command of the armed merchant cruiser HMS Arlanza with the 10th Cruiser Squadron . After two years he was posted to the Air Department of the Admiralty in London , where he was in charge of naval airships , and in 1918 he was appointed Commodore 2nd Class and Senior Naval Officer of the Persian Gulf division of the East Indies Station .
In September 1918 , he reached Enzeli on the Caspian Sea with a small party of officers and men to establish the British Caspian Flotilla . He set about collecting and arming merchant vessels for use in the Russian Civil War . By the end of October he had four vessels , to which were added some coastal motorboats and an air unit . On 21 May 1919 , with six armed merchant vessels , he attacked thirty Bolshevik vessels and destroyed fourteen of them . For his services in the Caspian he was mentioned in dispatches twice , appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath ( CB ) in March 1919 and Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) in the 1920 New Year Honours .
Post-war
From 1920 to 1921 he was head of the British Naval Mission to Persia , and in 1922 he became Director of the Trade Division of the Naval Staff . In 1924 he took command of the battleship in the Home Fleet , but in October 1924 he was promoted Rear-Admiral in the 1st Battle Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet , a position he held until September 1927 . He retired on promotion to Vice-Admiral in October 1929 and was promoted Admiral on the retired list in October 1933 .
Footnotes
References
Obituary , The Times , 21 July 1937
David Norris : Caspian Naval expedition , 1918-1919 , in : Journal of the Royal Central Asian Society , Vol . 10 , Issue 3 , 1923 , pp . 216–240 .
1875 births
1937 deaths
People educated at Clifton College
Royal Navy admirals
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Royal Navy personnel of the Russian Civil War
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Manuel Salz ( born 6 August 1985 ) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper
Career
Salz was born in Böblingen , Baden-Württemberg . He began his career with SV Hohenwart and signer than with VfR Pforzheim in 2002 . In summer 2003 , he left VfR Pforzheim and signed with Stuttgarter Kickers where he played for the reserve team . After fifty games with the reserve Oberliga Baden-Württemberg , he was promoted to the 3 . Liga team .
On 22 April 2009 , he announced his departure from Stuttgarter Kickers . On 29 May 2009 , Salz signed a contract with SC Freiburg until 30 June 2011 .
Salz retired from playing in summer 2021 , leaving 1 . CfR Pforzheim for which he had played since 2014 .
Personal life
His brother Dominik is also a footballer . They played together at 1 . FC Pforzheim .
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Böblingen
Sportspeople from Stuttgart ( region )
German footballers
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Association football goalkeepers
Bundesliga players
3 . Liga players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
SC Freiburg players
Washington High School was a public high school in Two Rivers , Wisconsin .
History
The first public school in Two Rivers was built in 1866 for $ 5,000 at the site of the current city hall and named the H.P . Hamilton School . In 1905 , it was moved to the back of the lot and a new , red brick high school was built for $ 80,000 . It was also named the H.P . Hamilton School and would eventually become City Hall . Several years before the Community House renovation , the city debated tearing down that old building . They decided to do extensive remodeling instead . Today , the two buildings gaze upon one another across the historic Central Park .
During the 1930s and 1940s , Washington High 's facilities were used for summer training by a number of professional football teams , including the Philadelphia Eagles in 1941 and 1942 , the Pittsburgh Pirates , the Columbus Bullies and the Chicago Rockets .
In 1976 , the Washington High chess team won the United States national high school chess tournament . They had won the Wisconsin high school championship for four years running .
In April 2000 , after a three-year battle , a referendum narrowly passed to demolish Washington and replace it with a new school , later named Two Rivers High School in 2002 . Advocates of the demolition ( including the school board ) claimed that rehabilitation would be too expensive ; Washington supporters claimed that the figures were being manipulated , and that the real goal was to move the high school to a more suburban setting ( `` a cornfield on the edge of town '' ) outside the historical center of Two Rivers .
Notable alumni
Notable alumni include professional wrestler Ken Anderson , alias Mr. Kennedy . The father of U.S . Senator Thomas J. Walsh was in part responsible for the school being built , although the future Senator does not appear to have attended the school himself .
References
External links
1949 postcard of Washington High School from the State of Wisconsin Digital Collection
History of Wisconsin
Schools in Manitowoc County , Wisconsin
Defunct schools in Wisconsin
The Sunbeam-Talbot Ten is a compact executive car or small sports saloon manufactured by Rootes Group in their Clément-Talbot factory in North Kensington between 1938 and 1939 , and then reintroduced after the Second World War and sold between 1945 and 1948 . It was at first a two-door then a four-door sports saloon . A drophead coupé version and a sports tourer version were also available .
Talbot Ten
The Clément-Talbot and then the Sunbeam Motor Car Company businesses fell into the hands of Rootes in 1935 , and the new owner 's strategy was clearly to use the prestige of the Talbot name for selling larger numbers of lower priced cars than hitherto . This Rootes ' Talbot Ten was one of the first products of the Rootes strategy intended to open Talbot 's planned shift down-market and add a genuinely small car to the proposed range . A star of the 1936 Motor Show it was a lengthened Hillman Aero Minx with a stronger chassis all updated at short notice by Talbot 's Georges Roesch and rebadged and so another variant of the existing middle market saloon , the Hillman Minx . Reviewers described the car as an attractive refined and well-equipped small car .
Bodies
The pillarless two-door saloon body made at the Darracq Motor Engineering Company works in Acton was probably shaped by Rootes ' Ted White , manager of Rootes ' body engineering department . The open tourer was made by Whittingham & Mitchel and the drophead coupé with an intermediate coupé de ville position was made by Abbott of Farnham .
Sunbeam-Talbot Ten
The Talbot Ten was rebadged Sunbeam-Talbot Ten in August 1938 . Rootes had decided to make no large luxury car using the Sunbeam name but keep the name alive by linking it with Talbot . Although apparently just a rebadged four door versions of the Talbot Ten the new Sunbeam-Talbot Ten was given a whole new all-steel body with four doors . Changes included pressed steel wheels but covered by wheel discs , a normal lever for the gear changes , better instruments , and slightly reshaped front mudguards . Synchromesh was dropped from first gear and then later from second gear . The new body was on effectively the same chassis but the engine and the radiator were moved 3.5 inches forward . This body was again made in Acton but by British Light Steel Pressings in their Works next door . Cars exported to Europe were badged Sunbeam . The car was undoubtedly the most elegant small saloon of the period .
The classic saloon featured the streamlining increasingly characteristic of mainstream British cars in the later 1930s , along with `` stand-alone '' headlights . Power came from a 1185 cc side-valve engine for which of power output was claimed . All four wheels were suspended using semi elliptical leaf springs . Top speed was quoted as .
In 1948 the Sunbeam-Talbot Ten was almost exactly twice the price of the new Austin A40 Devon and slightly slower on the highway .
Visually the faster Sunbeam-Talbot 2 Litres was virtually indistinguishable from the Ten , but it was actually about longer in wheel-base and overall body length .
Production
Talbot Ten 1935 to 1938 :
2-dr saloon : 2,450 DHC : 581 ; tourer : 554 ; open two-seater : 0 ; Other : 9 ; chassis : 56
Sunbeam-Talbot Ten 1938 to 1948 :
4-dr saloon : 5,655 DHC : 767 ; tourer : 822 ; open two-seater : 11 ; Other : 2
In 1948 the Sunbeam-Talbot Ten was replaced by the full-width bodied Sunbeam-Talbot 80 which was essentially a restyled version of the same car and shared the same roof pressing .
References
Notes
External links
80
Cars introduced in 1938
1940s cars
Compact executive cars
Sedans
Convertibles
Olga María Sacasa Cruz ( born 17 June 1961 ) is a track and road cyclist from Nicaragua . She represented her nation at the 1992 Summer Olympics on the track in the women 's sprint and individual pursuit . Although she was on the startlist for the women 's road race , she did not start the race . At 1992 Olympic women 's track cycling pursuit qualifying round she established an Olympic Record for Nicaragua . Was graduated with a German/Pre-med major from Mount Holyoke College , 1984 . Graduated BS in PT at University of New Mexico , 1999 .
Results
References
External links
profile at sports-reference.com
1961 births
Living people
Nicaraguan female cyclists
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Nicaragua
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Captain Abram Epperson Wood was an officer in the United States Army between 1872 and 1894 , and the first acting Military Superintendent of Yosemite National Park .
Biography
Civil War
Wood was born in Iowa and served as a volunteer in the Union Army during the American Civil War . He enlisted in the 13th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment on September 17 , 1861 , and was appointed a corporal in Company F the following month . Following the Battle of Shiloh , in which he was wounded , he was promoted to sergeant , and later participated in the battles of Corinth , Jackson and Meridian in Mississippi . He reenlisted on January 1 , 1864 , and was made a first sergeant , and campaigned in Georgia and the Carolinas in 1864-65 . Wood mustered out at Louisville , Kentucky , on July 21 , 1865 , as second lieutenant of Company F .
Regular Army
Wood entered the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , on July 1 , 1868 , graduating 14th in order of merit in a class of 57 on June 14 , 1872 .
He was appointed a second lieutenant of the 4th Cavalry and sent west to serve on the Texas frontier between 1872 and 1875 . He was posted successively at Fort Richardson ( September 24 to December 21 , 1872 ) , Fort Concho ( January 4 to May 23 , 1873 ) , Fort Clark ( June 8 , 1873 , to August 6 , 1874 ) , and at Fort Richardson again until March 14 , 1875 . While at Fort Clark , he participated with the 4th Cavalry on extended campaigning in the field between June 1873 and May 1874 seeking to stop Kickapoo and Apache incursions into Texas from Mexico . In August and December 1874 , during the expedition to subdue the Southern Plains tribes , Wood 's company was with a battalion that repelled an attack on their camp on September 26 by Comanche Indians at Tule Canyon on the Staked Plain . Following the successful conclusion of the campaign at the Battle of Palo Duro Canyon two days later , Wood was with his company stationed at Fort Sill ; the Cheyenne Agency , Dakota Territory ; and Fort Reno until October 11 , 1876 .
On October 18 , 1876 , Wood was assigned to the faculty at West Point as Assistant Instructor of Cavalry Tactics , where he was promoted to first lieutenant on November 25 , 1876 .
In August 1878 he returned to Fort Reno shortly before the break-out resulting in the Northern Cheyenne Exodus . Wood was assigned command of a small detachment of Company G , 4th Cavalry and marched north to join the pursuit . His detachment of 20 troopers joined a mixed force of soldiers and cowboys searching for the Cheyenne . On September 21 , 1878 , at Little Sandy Creek near present-day Ashland , Kansas , Wood led his company in a mounted charge to rescue two wounded cowboys ambushed and trapped in a small canyon . His company became part of a mixed command of cavalry and infantry under Lieut . Col. William Lewis of the 19th Infantry that pursued and caught the Cheyenne in another canyon at Punished Woman 's Fork , near present-day Scott City . Lewis attacked on the late afternoon of September 27 , 1878 , using dismounted cavalry including Wood 's company in skirmish lines , and temporarily succeeded in pinning down the Cheyenne in the canyon . Lewis was mortally wounded by a sharpshooter during the engagement and the Cheyenne escaped after dark . For these engagements Wood was brevetted for gallantry in action in 1891 .
He returned with the detachment to Fort Reno in December 1878 and served with Company G until June 28 , 1879 . From July 9 , 1879 , to February 1 , 1880 , Wood served as regimental quartermaster at Fort Clark . The regiment relocated to Fort Garland , Colorado , in October 1879 in response to the `` Meeker Massacre '' bu Ute Indians , and in March 1880 returned to Fort Reno . In May , 1881 , Wood 's company was part of an expedition that moved the Uncompaghre Utes to the new Ouray Agency in Utah , and then continued to Arizona to quell an outbreak of hostilities with Apaches , before being posted to Fort Stanton , New Mexico , on November 17 . He remained there until March 10 , 1883 , when he went on leave of absence .
For the next ten months Wood traveled to Europe , where he observed maneuvers of the French Army , and was promoted to captain on June 30 , 1883 , while in France . He returned to Fort Stanton on January 22 , 1884 . In May his troop marched to Fort Huachuca , Arizona , where Wood served as post commander and operated in the field against the Chiricahua Apaches . On July 31 , 1886 , he was posted to Fort Bowie , Arizona , with frequent duty in the field , until September 29 , 1887 . His troop returned to Fort Huachuca , where it was stationed until May 1890 , with Wood taking extended leave for illness for four months in 1888 . In the autumn of 1889 the entire regiment assembled at Fort Grant for a camp of instruction and field maneuvers .
In May 1890 Wood 's battalion of the 4th Cavalry transferred to the Department of California , stationed at the Presidio of San Francisco .
Yosemite National Park
On October 1 , 1890 , President Benjamin Harrison signed into law the legislation creating Yosemite National Park . The act did not provide for management or protection of the park from trespassers , in particular game poachers and lumbermen . However a precedent for detailing Army troops to meet these concerns had been established when Congress had authorized the use of troops to protect Yellowstone National Park in 1883 . United States Secretary of the Interior John W. Noble requested Harrison to provide troops `` to prevent timber cutting , sheep herding , trespassing , or spoliation in particular . '' On April 6 , 1891 , the commanding general of the Department of California detailed Troop I , 4th Cavalry to protect the park .
The nature of Yosemite meant that the duties and problems of the 4th Cavalry would be different from those encountered in Yellowstone . Big game animals were not present in numbers to attract poachers , nor were there geysers or other fragile formations that careless tourists might `` spoil '' . Yosemite 's ancient forests were threatened , however , and game could thrive if the area was protected . The boundaries of the Parks were not marked , and roads into and through the park were virtually nonexistent . Wood marched the troop 250 miles from the Presidio to Yosemite and arrived May 19 , 1891 , becoming the first Acting Superintendent of Yosemite National Park . He established Camp Wawona at the southern edge of the park a mile west of Wawona , California , which was to be used between May and October each year by troops patrolling the park to prevent trespassing by commercial interests ( primarily timber cutters ) , game poachers , and stockmen , particularly sheepherders .
After posting notices , Wood arrested and evicted trespassers from the park , but this tactic largely failed to deter sheepherders when the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California publicly declared that he would not prosecute violators . Wood 's company was detailed to Camp Wawona in both 1892 and 1893 , and during these seasons he altered his tactics to those which had proved effective in Yellowstone . Wood 's troops arrested the sheepherders to separate them from their flocks , evicting them and dispersing their herds outside park boundaries on the opposite side of the park . The process of recovering their dispersed herds was time-consuming and uneconomical to the trespassers , and the problem of overgrazing in the park was brought under control until the sheepherders devised counter tactics after 1895 .
Wood died at the Presidio , San Francisco , California , on April 14 , 1894 , following surgery to remove cancerous tumors of the tongue and throat .
Camp Wawona was renamed Camp A. E. Wood in his honor by Captain George H. G. Gale ( USMA 1879 ) of the 4th Cavalry , who succeeded Wood as Acting Superintendent , and remained as park headquarters until 1906 , when the Yosemite Valley was re-ceded to the U.S. government and the camp moved there . Mount Wood ( 12,657 ft ) , just outside the park in Mono County , California , was named in his honor in 1894 by Lieutenant Nathaniel F. McClure ( USMA 1887 ) , also of the 4th Cavalry .
References
Volume III
Volume IV
Heitman , Francis B . ( 1903 ) . Historical Register and Dictionary of the United States Army From Its Origin September 29 , 1789 , to March 2 , 1900 Volume I , House of Representatives , 66th Congress , 2d Session .
Maddux , Vernon R. ( 2003 ) . In Dull Knife 's Wake : The True Story of the Northern Cheyenne Exodus of 1878 , Horse Creek Publications .
Year of birth missing
1894 deaths
Yosemite National Park
History of the Sierra Nevada ( United States )
United States Army officers
Rosyjska ruletka ( English translation : Russian Roulette ) was a Polish game show based on the original American format of Russian Roulette . The show was hosted by Krzysztof Ibisz ( earlier by actor Henryk Talar ) . The main goal of the game was to win 100,000 zlotys . Rosyjska Ruletka was broadcast from 2002 to 2004 . It was shown on the Polish TV station Polsat . Only one person won zl 100,000 .
Differences from U.S . Version
Program Length and Number of Contestants
Unlike the American format of Russian Roulette , which only ran a half-hour and had four players , the Polish version ran 60 minutes and had five contestants .
Time Limit to Answer
The players also had 30 seconds to answer in the first season and 20 in the second season ( as opposed to just 10 in the US ) , and also kept track of the players ' heart rates throughout the show ( first season only ) .
Cash Amounts per Question
The contestants all began Round 1 with zl 300 , with correct answers adding that amount to the total . Like the US version , a wrong answer gave all money to the challenger , and the contestant had to play Russian Roulette by pulling the lever in front of them . The values increased to zl 600 for Round 2 , zl 1,000 for Round 3 , and zl 1,500 for Round 4 . Also unlike the US version , in Round 4 , the contestant in control could n't answer the question themselves . They always had to challenge their opponent .
Unlike the US version , which increased the number of drop zones per question ( up to a maximum of five ) , the number of drop zones remained the same for the entire round , but matching the number of the round ( 1 drop zone in Round 1 , 2 drop zones in Round 2 , etc . ; only the bonus round ever saw a use of five drop zones ) .
Question Format
The Polish version also increased the number of possible answers for each question in each round : two possible answers for Round 1 , three for Round 2 , four for Round 3 , and five for Round 4 . The bonus round questions did not have multiple choice answers .
Unlike the US version , where each round was played with a time limit , both Polish versions used a specific maximum number of questions :
Round 1 : 8 questions with 2 possible answers
Round 2 : 7 questions with 3 possible answers
Round 3 : 6 questions with 4 possible answers
Round 4 : 5 questions with 5 possible answers
If nobody dropped by the time all questions had been exhausted , the player in the lead won immunity from the drop zones and had to pull the lever on the host 's podium to send somebody else to drop . In this circumstance , if the player who dropped had any money in their bank account , it was then divided evenly among the remaining players . If there was a tie for the lead , the host pulled the lever , and all players were in danger of dropping .
In the case of Round 4 , if all questions were used , the host pulled his podium 's lever to start one last game of Russian Roulette to determine the winner , regardless of scores .
Starting Each Round
In the first season , the host pulled a lever in the center of the stage , and a blue light spun around to determine the first player . The second season just announced which player was randomly selected to start first ( although also done by a random spin as triggered by the host ; but this time the red light spun around the whole set with all other lights blue ) .
Bonus Round
First Version
In the first season , the contestant pulled the lever on the host 's podium to randomly assign trapdoors to open , but he/she would n't know if the trapdoor would open or not if he/she gave a wrong answer to a question ( with no multiple choice ) . Giving a correct answer meant the contestant won the money and had the option to quit or continue . Giving a wrong answer but standing on a safe zone meant the contestant won no money but was allowed to continue while standing on a drop zone rigged to open would mean he or she would drop out of the game and lose all bonus winnings accumulated ( front game winnings were safe ) . The first question was worth zl 5,000 the second worth zl 25,000 , and the third worth zl 100,000 . Players could quit after a correct answer and take the winnings .
For the first question in this version , 3 dropzones were active ; for the second , 4 ; and , for the third , 5 dropzones . Thus , the risk was greater as the rewards increased .
It is not known what would have happened had a contestant playing for zl 100,000 gave the wrong answer , but picked the one trap door that would n't open , as this never happened .
Second Version
In the second season , the bonus round required 10 correct answers within 60 seconds a total of three times in order to win zl 100,000 , with a drop zone opening every 10 seconds . If time ran out or the player gave one incorrect answer , he/she dropped out of the game .
The first time around , the player would win zl 5,000 for giving 10 correct answers . The second time around , the player would win zl 25,000 , and the third time , the player would win zl 100,000 . All bonus winnings were added to the player 's winnings from the main game , and players could quit with their winnings at any time . If they chose to continue , however , it was all or nothing .
Only one player won zl 100,000 , and her win was later featured in the show 's introduction .
Notes
The second season 's set and graphics were changed to reflect the American version , and the music was updated . It was also used to promote a very lively environment with noisy crowds , while the first version 's set was dark , and the music was legitimately scary , leaving the audience to only get lively near the end ( though sometimes the audience would liven up to get behind a player they 'd support ) .
When Ibisz hosted the program , he 'd frequently make references to his other game show , Awantura o kasę .
References
Polish game shows
2002 Polish television series debuts
2004 Polish television series endings
2000s Polish television series
Polsat original programming
Tepe may refer to :
the Persian word for 'tell ' , a type of earthen mound
tepe , a common element in Persian-language toponyms ; see
Tepe , Bismil , a village in Turkey
Tepe , Dicle , a village in Turkey
Tepe , Iran , a village in Markazi Province , Iran
Tepe , Slovenia , a settlement in the Litija Municipality in Slovenia
Tépe , a village and municipality in Hungary
Göbekli Tepe , an archaeological site in Turkey
A type of interdental brush
See also
Tappeh ( disambiguation ) , places in Iran
The women 's pole vault event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March .
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification Performance : 4.10 ( Q ) or at least 12 best performers ( q ) advanced to the final .
Final
References
Qualification results
Final results
Pole vaults at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Pole
1998 in women 's athletics
Dottsy Brodt Dwyer ( born April 6 , 1953 in Seguin , Texas , United States ) is an American country music singer . She grew up in Seguin . Between 1975 and 1981 , she recorded as Dottsy for the RCA Records label . During that timespan , she charted thirteen cuts on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart , including the Top Ten `` ( After Sweet Memories ) Play Born to Lose Again . '' Four of her other songs reached Top 20 on the same chart .
She returned to her hometown where her family has deep roots . She married and took time off needed to raise her children , while being active in local groups . After her children finished college , Dottsy signed with Heart of Texas Records and in 2010 released an album entitled Meet Me in Texas . She has been performing on a circuit of mostly small towns in Texas , usually touring with other artists from the label .
Dottsy 's favorite venue is the Texas Theatre in Seguin , an 80-year-old one-time movie house . She helped the Seguin Conservation Society raise funds to restore the small movie palace .
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
1953 births
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Texas
People from Seguin , Texas
RCA Records artists
Country musicians from Texas
Óscar Alexander Pareja Gómez ( born 10 August 1968 ) is a Colombian professional football manager and former player . He is currently the head coach of Orlando City in Major League Soccer . Pareja is nicknamed El Generalito , the Little General , but is now called Papi .
Playing career
Pareja came up through the youth system of Independiente Medellin ; however , he began his professional career in 1987 , debuting for renowned club Independiente Medellín . In his debut , he assisted on the winning goal in a 1–0 victory . He played eight years with the club , from 1987 to 1995 , helping them to be Categoría Primera A runner-up in 1993 , and leading them to a respectable performance in the 1994 Copa Libertadores . In 1995 , Deportivo Cali purchased Pareja from Independiente Medellín ; he paid immediate dividends , helping Cali to a championship in the 1995–1996 season , their first in 22 years . He would stay with them four years .
Pareja then signed with Major League Soccer ( MLS ) of the United States . After joining MLS , Pareja was allocated to the New England Revolution on 26 May 1998 , but was soon traded to the Dallas Burn for Mexican forward Damian Alvarez . Although Pareja played little for Dallas in 1998 , he earned himself a place at the center of Dallas 's midfield for the 1999 season , playing 27 games and scoring four goals and six assists , while coordinating the Burn attack . He remained in this position for six more years , playing in 189 regular season games for Dallas , while scoring 13 goals and 52 assists , and was named to the MLS Best XI in 2002 . He announced he would retire following the 2005 MLS season and remained with the club , now renamed as FC Dallas , as an assistant coach .
International
Pareja also played for the Colombia national football team . In 11 caps , he scored three goals and played in the 1991 Copa América .
Coaching career
Pareja spent two seasons as an assistant coach with FC Dallas in 2006 and 2007 . He then left the club to join the United States men 's national under-17 soccer team as an assistant coach at the IMG Soccer Academy in 2007–08 . He then returned to the coaching staff at FC Dallas as a director and coach in their youth system . He was praised for the system 's achievements and was named the U-18 Academy Coach of the Year for the 2010–11 season . For the 2011 MLS season , Pareja returned to the first team as an assistant coach . He was also head coach for the reserve team .
The Colorado Rapids signed Pareja to his first head coach job on 5 January 2012 . After finishing 7th in his debut season , Pareja led the Rapids to the playoffs in 2013 . After two seasons he stepped down as Colorado head coach on 4 January 2014 .
Pareja was announced as the head coach of his former club , FC Dallas , on 10 January 2014 , after Dallas traded a first-round 2015 MLS SuperDraft pick and allocation money to Colorado . Having missed the playoffs the last two seasons prior to Pareja 's arrival , FC Dallas made the postseason in his debut season as head coach . In 2015 , Dallas topped the Western Conference regular season table , finishing runners-up for the Supporters ' Shield to New York Red Bulls . The following year the club did a domestic double winning both the Supporters Shield and the U.S. Open Cup , defeating New England Revolution 4–2 in the final . It was the club 's first Supporters ' Shield win and second time lifting the U.S. Open Cup having last done so in 1997 .
Amid speculation about interest from Liga MX , Pareja stepped down as manager of Dallas following the completion of the 2018 season . He had a combined 18 years at the club as a player , coach , and manager . Club Tijuana announced Pareja as their new manager on 27 November 2018 . After 12 months , Pareja leaves Tijuana under mutual agreement
On 4 December 2019 , Pareja returned to MLS , becoming the fourth permanent head coach of Orlando City . With the season affected by the COVID-19 pandemic two rounds into the season , Pareja guided Orlando to the MLS is Back Tournament final on the resumption of play , the team 's first final in their MLS era . Orlando finished top of Group A taking 7 points from three matches and notably eliminated reigning Supporters ' Shield winners Los Angeles FC in the quarter-final before eventually losing to Portland Timbers 2–1 in the final .
Coaching record
All competitive games are included .
Coaching honors
FC Dallas
MLS Supporters ' Shield : 2016
Runners-up : 2015
U.S. Open Cup : 2016
Orlando City SC
U.S. Open Cup : 2022
See also
List of MLS coaches
References
External links
Deportivo Cali
Independiente Medellín
1968 births
Living people
Footballers from Medellín
Colombian footballers
Colombia under-20 international footballers
Colombia international footballers
1991 Copa América players
Independiente Medellín footballers
Deportivo Cali footballers
New England Revolution players
FC Dallas players
Colombian football managers
Colorado Rapids coaches
FC Dallas coaches
Orlando City SC coaches
Categoría Primera A player
Major League Soccer players
Major League Soccer coaches
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
FC Dallas non-playing staff
Association football midfielders
Twin Beech AME Zion Church , listed as Twin Beach AME Church , is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church on the east side of CR 44 in Fairhope , Alabama . It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County , Alabama
Churches completed in 1925
Churches in Baldwin County , Alabama
African Methodist Episcopal Zion churches in Alabama
Revolution Money was a financial services company based in St. Petersburg , Florida . The company 's products included a PIN based credit card , online person to person payments service , with a linked stored value card , and gift card . Revolution Money was created as the only credit card that did not charge retailers interchange fees . The company partnered with Yahoo ! Sports and Fifth Third Bank .
Revolution Money had three products : RevolutionCard credit card , Revolution MoneyExchange which provides free online money transfers between members , and RevolutionGift , a gift card . Revolution MoneyExchange accounts were issued by First Bank and Trust .
Background
Revolution MoneyExchange was an online bank intended as an alternative to PayPal and its chief competitor , Google Checkout . It was founded as GratisCard in April 2007 . Ted Leonsis and Steve Case were on its board of directors . Revolution MoneyExchange was backed by Citi , Morgan Stanley , and Deutsche Bank AG , as well as its parent company , Revolution LLC .
There were no fees charged for online transfers between accounts . The Revolution MoneyExchange Card was a stored-value card that allowed account holders to access their funds for purchases at merchant locations on the RevolutionCard network and for cash withdrawals at ATMs nationwide .
RevolutionGift was a prepaid PIN based gift card with no account number printed on the card . Other features included the capacity to send money via AOL Instant Messenger .
On November 18 , 2009 , American Express announced that it would acquire Revolution Money for US $ 500 million , and finally did for US $ 300 million . Revolution MoneyExchange was purchased by American Express in January 2010 , and was renamed Serve Virtual Enterprises , Inc . Serve Enterprises then launched Serve and discontinued Revolution MoneyExchange on March 28 , 2011 .
References
External links
Credit cards in the United States
Payment systems
Companies based in St. Petersburg , Florida
American companies established in 2007
2007 establishments in Florida
Leah Miriam Lowenstein ( née Hiller ; June 17 , 1930 – March 6 , 1984 ) was an American nephrologist , academic administrator , and cellist . In 1982 , she became the first woman dean of a co-educational , medical school in the United States upon her appointment at Jefferson Medical College . Lowenstein was previously associate dean and professor of medicine and biochemistry at the Boston University School of Medicine . She served in the Carter administration as a medical advisor to the Assistant Secretary for Health . Lowenstein was an advocate for women in medicine .
Early life and education
Leah Miriam Hiller was born on June 17 , 1930 , to Sarah Hiller in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . She had three sisters . Lowenstein completed her B.S . at the University of Wisconsin . As a semiprofessional cellist , Lowenstein completed most of medical school at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health on a music scholarship . She was awarded the funds for four years and it went unnoticed by the university when she enrolled in medical school during her third year . She earned extra money by playing in a string trio . Completing her doctor of medicine in 1954 , she was one of only three women in her medical class . Lowenstein was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and Alpha Omega Alpha . She completed her internship at the UW Health University Hospital in Madison , Wisconsin . Lowenstein was a research associate in the department of anatomy at the University of Oxford for three years , where she earned a DPhil at Somerville College in 1958 . Her dissertation was titled `` Some cytological problems in haematology '' . She completed a residency at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in 1959 . In 1960 , she completed a fellowship in renal and metabolic diseases at the Veterans Administration Hospital at Tufts .
Career
Lowenstein was an attending physician at Boston Medical Center and a physician-in-chief at Boston City Hospital ( BCH ) . She was the medical director of the alcohol research unit at Harvard Medical School and BCH . Lowenstein held academic positions at the Tufts University School of Medicine and the Thorndike Memorial Laboratory of Harvard Medical School . During her sabbatical between 1967 and 1968 , Lowenstein researched with Stanton Segal in his garage laboratory .
In 1968 , Lowenstein joined Boston University School of Medicine ( BUSM ) . She was the director of basic and clinical sciences of the Gerontology Center at BUSM and the director of the Unit of Metabolic Nephrology . According to the archives of the American Society of Nephrology , Lowenstein 's group was the first to study cellular mechanisms in metabolic disease . They evaluated membrane turnover in normal states , renal hypertrophy , and acute renal failure . In 1974 , she became assistant dean and was promoted to associate dean and professor of medicine and biochemistry in 1977 . From 1978 to 1979 , she commuted by plane from Boston to Washington , D.C. to serve in the Carter administration as a medical consultant to the Assistant Secretary for Health . Lowenstein was also a member of study sections at the National Institutes of Health . In 1984 , John Sandson , dean of the BUSM , called Lowenstein an `` outstanding leader '' in the field of medicine and praised her work in `` science , teaching , administration , and clinical care '' along with her contributions that helped to advance `` the role of women in medicine . ''
Lowenstein was appointed dean and vice president of Jefferson Medical College ( JMC ) in 1981 , becoming the first woman dean of a co-educational , medical school in the United States . Lowenstein succeeded interim dean Frank D. Gray Jr. who replaced William Kellow following his death . She began on July 1 , 1982 , and worked at JMC for 18 months .
Lowenstein was an advocate for women in medicine .
Personal life
Lowenstein was married to English biochemist John Lowenstein . They moved to England in the late 1950s while he worked at the University of Oxford . He later taught at Brandeis University upon their return to New England . They have three sons , Charles J. Lowenstein MD , Andrew Lowenstein , and Marc Lowenstein . Lowenstein died from cancer in Wellesley , Massachusetts , on March 6 , 1984 . Lowenstein was Jewish .
Awards and honors
Lowenstein was a member of the Institute of Medicine and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science . She served as president of the New England Chapter of the American Medical Women 's Association in the 1970s . In 1983 , she received an alumni award from University of Wisconsin for her service to medicine and medical education , leadership , and commitment to the scientific community .
Selected works
See also
History of medicine in the United States
List of American women 's firsts
Timeline of women in science
References
1930 births
1984 deaths
Scientists from Milwaukee
Physicians from Wisconsin
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American women physicians
20th-century American physicians
American nephrologists
American cellists
Women cellists
20th-century American women musicians
Musicians from Wisconsin
Tufts University School of Medicine faculty
Harvard Medical School faculty
Jefferson Medical College faculty
Boston University faculty
Alumni of Somerville College , Oxford
University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health alumni
Carter administration personnel
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Women deans ( academic )
American university and college faculty deans
American women academics
American academic administrators
Jewish women scientists
Jewish American scientists
Jewish American academics
Jewish physicians
Jewish American musicians
Jewish women musicians
American medical researchers
Women medical researchers
ŽKK Brod na Savi is Croatian women 's basketball club in Slavonski Brod . The headquarters is in Slavonski Brod .
Notable former players
Ana Božić
Mihaela Lazić
Ena Ljubičić
Antonija Božić
External links
Official website
Official page at Facebook
Official page at Twitter
Profile at eurobasket.com
Women 's basketball teams in Croatia
Sport in Slavonski Brod
Basketball teams established in 2010
The 8th Internationales AdV Avusrennen was a Formula Two motor race held on 28 September 1952 at the AVUS circuit . The race was run over 25 laps of the circuit , and was won by Swiss driver Rudi Fischer in a Ferrari 500 . Fischer also set the fastest lap . Hans Klenk finished second and Fritz Riess was third .
Results
References
Avusrennen
Avusrennen
Avusrennen
Chumli ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 1,870 as of 2010 . There are 14 streets .
Geography
Chumli is located on the Yangichay River , 18 km northwest of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Gulli and Yangikent are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
A Bird in a Bonnet is a 1958 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng . The voices were performed by Mel Blanc , Daws Butler and June Foray . The short was released on September 27 , 1958 , and stars Tweety and Sylvester .
Plot
Granny visits a 1950s New York City hat shop looking for a new hat . The sales lady has her try on several hats , but Granny seems unsatisfied with each choice ( a Napoleon chapeau makes her imitate Napoleon 's hand in coat pose and chuckle `` Not tonight , Josephine ! '' ) . Meanwhile , Sylvester is chasing Tweety outside and Tweety makes his way into the hat shop . Just as Tweety hides at a table , Sylvester runs in and tries to rummage through the hats to look for him , but the sales lady catches him in the act , and chases him out . Just as the sales lady comes to the table where Tweety is hiding , Tweety stands real still on a hat , making the sales lady think that he 's a cute little stuffed bird on a hat . After Granny tries it on , she thinks the same thing and buys the hat .
Tweety soon realizes the joys of being said `` stuffed bird '' has a two-fold purpose , the second being that it is perfect refuge from Sylvester . But as usual , the puddy tat does everything to get at the bird , first following Granny out of the hat shop . The first time , Granny turns around , but sees Sylvester pretending to sleep . The second time , Granny quickly gets wise and swats the baritone cat with her umbrella .
Other failed attempts for Sylvester to get Tweety include :
Perching himself atop a delivery truck . Just as he is about to grab dinner , the truck speeds away , requiring the cat to take the crosstown bus to return downtown . Sylvester then barely avoids getting hit by an oncoming car , causing his heart to beat fast and his fur to go white .
Hiding inside an English gentleman 's hat . The man walks up beside Granny and makes a snide remark , just as Sylvester is making a grab for Tweety . Granny uses her umbrella to clout the man and — unwitting — the cat .
Following Granny into Lacy 's Department Store ( a play on Macy 's ) and into an elevator . The cat 's tail gets stuck in the elevator door , and when he finally disembarks the elevator , his tail has been stretched from the store 's eight floors .
At J.C. Denny 's ( a pun on J. C. Penney ) , the cat snatching Granny 's hat with the obvious intent of getting Tweety . Granny follows the thieving cat outside , but Sylvester makes his getaway by putting the hat on and using a balloon to float to safety ... until Tweety pops the balloon . The hat glides to the street undamaged ( where Granny retrieves it ) , while Sylvester plummets into a manhole ( `` Whoo-hoo-hoo . Hey , look at this , Ralph ! A pussycat ! '' says an Ed Norton-esque sewer worker ) .
Later , using a bellows to blow Granny 's hat from her head , causing it to go onto the street . Sylvester barely avoids getting hit by several cars and recovers the hat , but he is struck by a motorscooter driving from an alley . Granny manages to retrieve the hat safely .
In the ending gag , Sylvester uses a fishing rod and reel to latch onto the hat . Granny gets into a taxi , and Sylvester is pulled away by the speeding driver . After being an unwilling car skier for several city blocks ( and nearly getting hit by two trucks ) , Sylvester eventually realizes he needs to reel himself in ... which he does to open the taxi 's sunroof and grab Tweety . Just after saying his only line in the cartoon — `` Now I 've got you , buster ! '' — the car drives into the Holland Tunnel , where the cat hits his head against the side of the entrance ; the bird flies out of his hand and back safely onto the taxicab 's roof . `` You know , I wose more puddy tats that way ! '' remarks Tweety as the cartoon ends .
Score
`` A Bird in a Bonnet '' is one of six cartoons scored with stock music by John Seely from the Capitol Records Hi-Q library because of a musician 's strike in 1958 ; the others are Weasel While You Work , Hip Hip-Hurry ! , Hook , Line and Stinker , Gopher Broke , and Pre-Hysterical Hare . This cartoon is the only Friz Freleng cartoon to have a Seely score ; two others were directed by Chuck Jones ( both starring Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner ) , while the remaining three were helmed by Robert McKimson .
See also
List of American films of 1958
References
External links
1958 films
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1958 animated films
1958 short films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about birds
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
Tweety films
Sylvester the Cat films
1950s English-language films
Films set in the 1950s
Animated films set in New York City
Cultural depictions of Napoleon
The Tongue Rocks ( ) are a small set of ice-free volcanic rocks lying between Eagle Island and Beak Island , off Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica . They are part of the James Ross Island Volcanic Group and were named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in association with Eagle and Beak Islands .
References
Rock formations of the Trinity Peninsula
Kek is the deification of the concept of primordial darkness ( ) in the ancient Egyptian Ogdoad cosmogony of Hermopolis .
The Ogdoad consisted of four pairs of deities , four male gods paired with their female counterparts . Kek 's female counterpart was Kauket . Kek and Kauket in some aspects also represent night and day , and were called `` raiser up of the light '' and the `` raiser up of the night '' , respectively .
The name is written as kk or kkwy with a variant of the sky hieroglyph in ligature with the staff ( N2 ) associated with the word for `` darkness '' kkw .
History
In the oldest representations , Kekui is given the head of a serpent , and Kekuit the head of either a frog or a cat . In one scene , they are identified with Ka and Kait ; in this scene , Ka-Kekui has the head of a frog surmounted by a beetle and Kait-Kekuit has the head of a serpent surmounted by a disk .
In the Greco-Roman period , Kek 's male form was depicted as a frog-headed man , and the female form as a serpent-headed woman , as were all four dualistic concepts in the Ogdoad .
In popular culture
In relation to the 2016 United States presidential election , individuals associated with online message boards , such as 4chan , noted a similarity between Kek and the character Pepe the Frog . This , combined with the frequent use of the term `` kek '' as a popular Korean onomatopoetic stand-in for the internet slang `` lol '' , which was often paired with images of Pepe , resulted in a resurgence of interest in the ancient deity .
See also
Heqet
Erebus
References
External links
Egyptian deities
Creator deities
Night deities
Darkness
Egyptian demons
Legendary amphibians
Personifications
The 1986 Havering Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Zhushan may refer to :
Zhushan , Nantou ( 竹山鎮 ) , urban township in Nantou County , Taiwan
Mainland China
Zhushan County ( 竹山县 ) , Shiyan , Hubei
Zhushan District ( 珠山区 ) , Jingdezhen , Jiangxi
Zhushan Subdistrict , Jingdezhen ( 珠山街道 ) , in the above district
Zhushan Subdistrict , Jiaonan ( 珠山街道 ) , Shandong
Zhushan , Chongqing ( 竹山镇 ) , town in Liangping County
Zhushan , Xuan'en County ( 珠山镇 ) , town in Hubei
Zhushan , Hunan ( 珠山镇 ) , town in Lingling District , Yongzhou
Zhushan , Xinyu ( 珠珊镇 ) , town in Yushui District , Xinyu , Jiangxi
The 2010 FIBA Stanković Continental Champions ' Cup , or 2010 FIBA Mini World Cup , officially called Dongfeng Yueda KIA Stanković Continental Cup 2010 , was the 6th annual FIBA Stanković Continental Champions ' Cup tournament . It was held in Liuzhou , China , from July 28 to August 1 .
Participating teams
Game results
All 4 teams played a round-robin tournament first . The top 2 teams advanced to final while the other 2 teams fought for the 3rd place .
Round-robin
All time UTC+8 .
Third-place Playoff
Final
Final standings
External links
2010
2010–11 in Chinese basketball
2010–11 in Iranian basketball
2010–11 in Slovenian basketball
2010–11 in Australian basketball
Semahat Özdenses ( 28 July 19133 July 2008 ) was a Turkish singer and composer of Ottoman classical music . She was a recipient of the `` Culture and Arts Service Award '' of Turkey .
Private life
Semahat Özdenses was born in the Üsküdar district of Istanbul on 29 July 1913 . Her father İshak was a captain in the Ottoman Army ; her mother 's name was Pakize . Her father fell during the Gallipoli campaign ( 1915–1916 ) .
Özdenses enrolled in the Arts School for Girls in Üsküdar , but did not complete her education due to her passion for music . Both her grandfathers were familiar with music . She used to attend her grandfathers ' musical gatherings to listen to the songs of Münir Nurettin Selçuk , where she took notes . In 1934 , she visited composer Bedriye Hoşgör through a family friend , where she met composer Lemi Atlı ( 1869–1945 ) and the composer and classical kemençe virtuoso Kemal Niyazi Seyhun ( 1885–1960 ) . She was accepted as a student after a singing examination there . She took music lessons particularly from Atlı and Seyhun , as well as from other master musicians like Refik Fersan ( 1895–1963 ) and Fahire Fersan .
Özdenses married Faruk Ergökmen , a captain in the Turkish Army , in 1939 . She regarded herself as the adoptive daughter of Lemi Atlı after he sent her a letter in 1944 signed , `` Your father '' .
Career
In 1938 , Özdenses entered the state-owned Radio Ankara of Turkish Radio and Television Corporation ( TRT ) , and performed there as a singer . After 25 years , she returned to Istanbul in 1971 and transferred to Radio Istanbul of the TRT , where she worked until retirement .
In 1939 , she started to compose songs of Ottoman classical music . Her compositions Akşam Oldu Hüzünlendim Ben Yine ( `` Evening has come , I 'm sad again '' ) , Her Mevsim İçimden Gelir Geçersin ( `` You come and pass through me every season '' ) in the melody mode of Uşşâk , and Dün Gece Mehtaba Dalıp Seni Andım ( `` Last night I gazed at the moonlight and thought of you '' ) in Hüzzam became famous .
She published her first record in 1941 , and made five records for Odeon Records . She never appeared on stage , except for concerts of the TRT , following her master Atlı 's recommendation that `` although lucrative , public appearance would ruin her career '' .
Honors
In April 2008 , then-Minister of Culture and Tourism Ertuğrul Günay bestowed upon her the `` Culture and Arts Service Award '' .
Later years , death , and aftermath
Özdenses spent the last three years of her life in a private nursing home . She transferred the royalties from performing rights to her music to the `` Mehmetçik Foundation '' , a non-profit organization benefiting the Turkish Armed Forces .
She died at the age of 94 on 3 July 2008 in the State Hospital of Kartal , where she had been treated for lung cancer . She was interred at Şıhlı Cemetery in Kurtköy , Pendik , following a religious funeral service held at Merkez Mosque in Maltepe .
In 2015 , poet and singer Onur Akay , whose poems she had set to music and whom she had regarded as her adoptive son , visited the cemetery for commemoration but could not find her grave because it had no gravestone . He insisted that the Mehmetçik Foundation address the situation and erected her gravestone within a short time .
Legacy
The former Boybey Street in Üsküdar , where Özdenses ' birth house was located , was renamed Semahat Özdenses Street . The municipality of Kadıköy named the Cultural Center in her honor . A street in the Cami neighborhood of the Tuzla district in Istanbul Province , where she spent her last years , is also named after her .
References
External links
Unutulmayan Bestecilerin Unutulmaz Eserleri ( Unforgettable works of unforgettable composers ) - Semahat Özdenses 2 / 18 @ YouTube
1913 births
2008 deaths
People from Üsküdar
Musicians from Istanbul
Women composers
Musicians of Ottoman classical music
Composers of Ottoman classical music
20th-century Turkish women singers
20th-century composers
Turkish radio people
Kashmireumatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida . Adult millipedes in this family have only 26 or 28 segments ( counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last ) rather than the 30 segments usually found in this order . In the species Vieteuma topali , adults have 26 segments , whereas in all other species in this family , adults have 28 segments . In some species ( the genus Kashmireuma and the species V. longi ) , the second leg pair in the adult female is vestigial , but all other species in this family ( the genus Lipseuma and the species V. topali and V. hubeiensis ) , the adult female has a normal legs .
Genera :
Kashmireuma Mauriès , 1982
Lipseuma Golovatch , Geoffroy & Mauries , 2006
Vieteuma Golovatch , 1984
References
Chordeumatida
Marbella Apartments is a 427 ft ( 130m ) tall skyscraper in Jersey City , New Jersey . It is the 17th tallest building in Jersey City . When it was completed , it was the tallest residential building in Jersey City .
Marbella was submitted for city planning board approval in 1998 and completed in 2003 ; the building has 40 floors , containing 412 apartments .
A second tower called M2 opened in June 2016 and is slightly taller than the original one at 450 ft ( 137 m ) and 38 floors , with 300 apartments .
It is being eclipsed by a larger building boom and architectural revival that is taking place in Jersey City , which has now moved toward tall towers . The Marbella was designed to meet the demands of millennials , who want `` to live in a place where they can walk downstairs to the gym , walk to work or to public transportation , and then head to a nearby bar or restaurant '' according to Mack-Cali 's CEO and executive vice president for development , Andrew Marshall .
Although built in 2003 , it is seen as part of a larger long term revival in Jersey City . In 2015 , Robert Cotter and Jeff Wenger , one of whom is the urban planning director for Jersey City wrote : “ Since 1980 , 18 million square feet of office space have been developed on the Jersey City waterfront , generating the highest price per square foot office deals in New Jersey history and marking the success of the original ‘ Wall Street West ' concept . Currently over 6,000 housing units are under construction with another 20,000 units approved by the planning Board . Much of this development is accommodated with high rise construction with approximately 28 buildings over 300 feet tall and 6 buildings over 500 feet with several more under construction . China Overseas has approvals for a new tower of 889 feet . Within a few years , Jersey City will overtake Newark as New Jersey 's most populous city… . ”
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Jersey City
References
Residential skyscrapers in Jersey City , New Jersey
Residential buildings completed in 2003
Apartment buildings in Jersey City , New Jersey
Skyscrapers in Jersey City , New Jersey
A bottle is a narrow-necked container made of an impermeable material ( such as glass , plastic or aluminium ) in various shapes and sizes that stores and transports liquids . Its mouth , at the bottling line , can be sealed with an internal stopper , an external bottle cap , a closure , or induction sealing .
Etymology
First attested in 14th century . From the English word bottle derives from an Old French word boteille , from vulgar Latin butticula , from late Latin buttis ( `` cask '' ) , a latinisation of the Greek βοῦττις ( bouttis ) ( `` vessel '' ) .
Types
Glass
Wine
The glass bottle represented an important development in the history of wine , because , when combined with a high-quality stopper such as a cork , it allowed long-term aging of wine . Glass has all the qualities required for long-term storage . It eventually gave rise to `` château bottling '' , the practice where an estate 's wine is put in a bottle at the source , rather than by a merchant . Prior to this , wine used to be sold by the barrel ( and before that , the amphora ) and put into bottles only at the merchant 's shop , if at all . This left large and often abused opportunities for fraud and adulteration , as consumers had to trust the merchant as to the contents . It is thought that most wine consumed outside of wine-producing regions had been tampered with in some way . Also , not all merchants were careful to avoid oxidation or contamination while bottling , leading to large bottle variation . Particularly in the case of port , certain conscientious merchants ' bottling of old ports fetch higher prices even today . To avoid these problems , most fine wine is bottled at the place of production ( including all port , since 1974 ) .
There are many sizes and shapes of bottles used for wine . Some of the known shapes :
`` Bordeaux '' : This bottle is roughly straight sided with a curved `` shoulder '' that is useful for catching sediment and is also the easiest to stack . Traditionally used in Bordeaux but now worldwide , this is probably the most common type .
`` Burgundy '' : Traditionally used in Burgundy , this has sides that taper down about 2/3 of the height to a short cylindrical section , and does not have a shoulder .
`` Champagne '' : Traditionally used for Champagne , it is similar to a Burgundy bottle , but with a wider base and heavier construction to withstand the pressure from the carbonation of the sparkling wine .
Codd-neck
In 1872 , British soft drink makers Hiram Codd of Camberwell , London , designed and patented a bottle designed specifically for carbonated drinks . The Codd-neck bottle was designed and manufactured to enclose a marble and a rubber washer/gasket in the neck . The bottles were filled upside down , and pressure of the gas in the bottle forced the marble against the washer , sealing in the carbonation . The bottle was pinched into a special shape , as can be seen in the photo to the left , to provide a chamber into which the marble was pushed to open the bottle . This prevented the marble from blocking the neck as the drink was poured .
Soon after its introduction , the bottle became extremely popular with the soft drink and brewing industries , mainly in Europe , Asia and Australasia , though some alcohol drinkers disdained the use of the bottle . One etymology of the term codswallop originates from beer sold in Codd bottles , though this is generally dismissed as a folk etymology .
The bottles were regularly produced for many decades , but gradually declined in usage . Since children smashed the bottles to retrieve the marbles , they are relatively scarce and have become collector items ; particularly in the UK . A cobalt-coloured Codd bottle today fetches hundreds of British pounds at auction . The Codd-neck design is still used for the Japanese soft drink Ramune and in the Indian drink called Banta .
Plastic
The plastic is strain oriented in the stretch blow molding manufacturing process . Plastic bottles are typically used to store liquids such as water , soft drinks , motor oil , cooking oil , medicine , shampoo , milk , and ink . The size ranges from very small sample bottles to very large carboys . The main advantages of plastic bottles over glass are their superior resistance to breakage , in both production and transportation , as well as their light weight and low cost of production . Disadvantages include widespread plastic pollution .
Aluminium
An aluminium bottle is a bottle made of aluminium ( or aluminum , outside of British English ) . In some countries , it is also called a `` bottlecan '' . It usually holds beer , soft drinks or wine .
Hot water
A hot water bottle is a bottle filled with hot water used to provide warmth . It can be made from various materials , most commonly rubber , but has historically been made from harder materials such as metal , glass , earthenware , or wood .
Gallery
Miscellany
Bottles are often recycled according to the SPI recycling code for the material .
See also
Beer bottle
Bottle sling
Bottle wall
Bottling company
Bottling ( concert abuse )
Butylka - The largest building in the world in the shape of a bottle
Carinate
Glass production
Helmholtz resonance
Klein bottle
List of bottle types , brands and companies
List of bottling companies
Reuse of bottles
Speyer wine bottle
Notes
References
Soroka , W , `` Fundamentals of Packaging Technology '' , IoPP , 2002 ,
Yam , K. L. , `` Encyclopedia of Packaging Technology '' , John Wiley & Sons , 2009 ,
External links
Food storage containers
Liquid containers
Packaging
Food packaging
is a multi-purpose stadium in Nagoya , Japan .
It was formerly known as Nagoya City Mizuho Park Athletics Stadium ( ) . Since April 2015 it has been called Paloma Mizuho Stadium for the naming rights . It will be used for athletics and ceremonies for the 2026 Asian Games .
It was planned to be used as an Olympic venue in Nagoya 's bid plans for the 1988 Summer Olympics , but Nagoya lost the bid to Seoul , South Korea .
Overview
It is used mostly for football matches and is the part-time home stadium of Nagoya Grampus along with Toyota Stadium . The stadium holds 27,000 people and was built in 1941 .
It is distinct from Mizuho Rugby Stadium , which has a capacity of 15,000 and is used mainly for rugby , including Top League games .
References
External links
J . League stadium guide
Stadium picture
Football venues in Japan
Sports venues in Nagoya
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in Japan
Nagoya Grampus
Multi-purpose stadiums in Japan
Venues of the 2026 Asian Games
Tandon ( or Tandan , Tanden , or Tondon ) is a surname found among Hindu Khatris and Sikhs of Punjab , India . It is derived from a Khatri clan .
Notable people
Notable people include :
Activists
Purushottam Das Tandon , Bharat Ratna , Indian freedom fighter
Actors
Amit Tandon , Indian singer , television actor
Ayush Tandon , Indian actor who played `` Pi '' in Life of Pi
Kushal Tandon , Indian model , television actor
Raveena Tandon , Indian film actress
Sachet Tandon , Bollywood playback singer who has sung the song `` Bekhayali ''
Saumya Tandon , Indian television actress
Administrators
B . B. Tandon , IAS officer who served as 14th Chief Election Commissioner of India
Chandrika Tandon , businesswoman and vice chairman at NYU Tandon School of Engineering
Gulshan Lal Tandon , former chairman of Coal India Limited
Neera Tanden , American political consultant and staff secretary to President Joe Biden since 2021
Prakash Tandon , former chairman at Hindustan Lever and author
Artists
Grace Martine Tandon , better known by her stage name Daya , American singer and songwriter
Loveleen Tandan , co-director of Slumdog Millionaire
Lekh Tandon , Indian filmmaker
Ravi Tandon , film director and producer
Athletes
Ansh Tandon , Indo-Emirati international cricketer
Rakesh Tandon , Indian cricketer
Ramit Tandon , professional squash player who represents India . He was ranked number 46 in the world and India rank 2 .
Shikha Tandon , swimmer with 146 national medals , and 36 medals in international competitions , including five gold medals . Arjuna Award winner .
Entrepreneurs
Rakhee Kapoor Tandon , business entrepreneur and venture capitalist . She is one of `` India 's 25 Most Influential Women '' , according to India Today .
Sirjang Lal Tandon , manufacturer of Tandon PC and disk drive , founder of Tandon Corporation
Politicians
Annu Tandon , MP in the 15th Lok Sabha from Unnao , Uttar Pradesh
Ashutosh Tandon , Indian politician and currently serving as Minister of Urban Development , Urban Employment and Poverty Alleviation in the UP Government .
Balram Das Tandon , Indian politician and the Former Governor of Chhattisgarh .
Lalji Tandon , Indian politician who served as the Governor of Madhya Pradesh and Governor of Bihar .
Sanjay Tandon , Chandigarh State President of Bharatiya Janata Party
Yash Tandon , Indian-Ugandan policymaker , political activist , professor , author and public intellectual .
Scientists and doctors
Badri Nath Tandon , Indian gastroenterologist , hepatologist , medical researcher and academic
Prakash Narain Tandon , Indian neuroscientist and neurosurgeon . Padma Bhushan awardee
Pramod Tandon , Indian Plant Biotechnologist and academic .
Nina Tandon , American biomedical engineer and tissue engineering researcher
Rajesh Tandon , practitioner of participatory research and development . He is one of the founding fathers of Participatory Research .
Sampat Kumar Tandon , Indian geologist . He is a former pro-vice chancellor at Delhi University
Veena Tandon , Indian parasitologist , academic and a NASI senior scientist
References
Surnames
Indian surnames
Surnames of Indian origin
Punjabi-language surnames
Hindu surnames
Khatri clans
Khatri surnames
The ICC Women 's Championship ( IWC ) is an international cricket tournament used to determine qualification for the Women 's Cricket World Cup . The first two tournaments were contested between the top eight teams of the ICC Women 's Rankings . The first edition was the 2014–16 ICC Women 's Championship , which started in April 2014 and was concluded in November 2016 . Australia were the winners of the inaugural tournament . The second edition of the tournament started in October 2017 , with the top four teams automatically qualifying for the 2021 Women 's Cricket World Cup .
In September 2018 , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) announced that they were exploring the option to expand the IWC to all ten teams , therefore including Bangladesh and Ireland in future editions of the competition . In August 2021 , the ICC confirmed that the three qualifiers from the 2021 Women 's Cricket World Cup Qualifier tournament and the next two best placed teams would qualify for the next IWC cycle . However , in November 2021 , the qualifier tournament was called off midway through , due to the discovery of a new variant of COVID-19 in Southern Africa . Therefore , Bangladesh and Ireland joined the IWC for the 2022–25 cycle , based on their ODI rankings .
Tournament history
Season
Team
References
ICC Women 's Championship
Recurring sporting events established in 2014
International Cricket Council events
Women 's One Day International cricket competitions
George Thomas John Nugent , 1st Marquess of Westmeath ( 17 July 1785 – 5 May 1871 ) , styled Lord Delvin between 1792 and 1814 and known as The Earl of Westmeath between 1814 and 1821 , was an Anglo-Irish peer .
Background
Nugent was born in Clonyn , County Westmeath , the only surviving son of George Frederick Nugent , 7th Earl of Westmeath , and Maryanne , daughter of Major James St John Jeffereyes and Arabella Fitzgibbon . His parents divorced in 1796 after his father 's discovery of his mother 's affair with Augustus Cavendish-Bradshaw , which also resulted in a celebrated action for criminal conversation . Both his parents were quickly remarried , his mother to her lover , and his father to Lady Elizabeth Moore , daughter of Charles Moore , 1st Marquess of Drogheda .
Career
Lord Westmeath succeeded his father in the earldom in 1814 . In 1822 , he was created Marquess of Westmeath in the Peerage of Ireland . As these were Irish peerages they did not entitle him to an automatic seat in the House of Lords . However , in 1831 he was elected an Irish Representative Peer . The same year he was also appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Westmeath , a post he held until his death .
Family
Lord Westmeath was married three times . He married firstly Lady Emily Anne Bennet Elizabeth Cecil , daughter of James Cecil , 1st Marquess of Salisbury , and Lady Emily Mary Hill , on 29 May 1812 . They had two children :
William Henry Wellington Brydges Nugent , Lord Delvin ( 24 November 1818 – 16 November 1819 )
Lady Rosa Emily Mary Anne Nugent ( 1814–1883 ) , married Fulke Greville-Nugent , 1st Baron Greville .
Lord Westmeath and Lady Emily divorced in 1827 , having separated , been reconciled and then entered a second legal separation . Her unsuccessful efforts to obtain custody of her daughter later led her to campaign for reform of the law together with the prominent writer and feminist Caroline Norton . He married , secondly , Maria Jervis on 18 February 1858 . They divorced in 1862 . He married , lastly , Elizabeth Charlotte Verner , daughter of David Verner and niece of Sir William Verner , 1st Baronet , on 12 July 1864 .
He also had an illegitimate daughter , Eliza Nugent ( c. 1806 - 14 September 1877 ) , who married Alfred Harley , 6th Earl of Oxford and Mortimer .
Lord Westmeath died in May 1871 , aged 85 , when the marquessate became extinct . His two half-brothers , Robert and Thomas , had predeceased him , without issue . He was succeeded in his remaining titles by his kinsman , Anthony Nugent , of the junior branch of the family which had the title Baron Nugent of Riverston . The Marchioness of Westmeath died in September 1882 .
References
Dukes of Buckingham . Retrieved 11 February 2009
External links
Coldstream Guards officers
Irish representative peers
Marquesses in the Peerage of Ireland
People educated at Eton College
1785 births
1871 deaths
19th-century Irish people
Lord-Lieutenants of Westmeath
People from County Westmeath
Irish abolitionists
Earls of Westmeath
The Deputy Mayor of London for Planning , Regeneration and Skills is a position appointed by the Mayor of London . It was created as the Deputy Mayor of London for Policy and Planning and changed to the current title in 2016 . The current holder is Jules Pipe .
List of Deputy Mayors for Planning , Regeneration and Skills
References
Local government in London
George `` Tolley '' Wienand ( 7 April 1910 – 1 December 1993 ) was a professional footballer , who played for Huddersfield Town and Hull City . He was born in East London , Eastern Cape , South Africa . He also played in eighteen first-class cricket matches from 1934/35 to 1953/54 .
References
External links
99 Years & Counting - Stats & Stories - Huddersfield Town History
Cricinfo
1910 births
1993 deaths
Sportspeople from East London , Eastern Cape
South African soccer players
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Hull City A.F.C . players
South African cricketers
Border cricketers
Gauteng cricketers
Defending champion Boris Becker defeated Stefan Edberg in a rematch of the previous year 's final , 3–6 , 6–4 , 1–6 , 6–2 , 6–2 to win the singles tennis title at the 1991 Stockholm Open .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1991 Stockholm Open draw
Singles
Ilaria del Carretto ( 1379 – 8 December 1405 ) was an Italian noblewoman and the second wife of Paolo Guinigi , the lord of Lucca from 1400 to 1430 .
Biography
Ilaria del Carretto was born in Zuccarello , the daughter of Carlo , the Marchese del Carretto . In 1403 she married Paolo Guinigi and they had two children , Ladislao Guinigi , and a daughter , also named Ilaria . She died in Lucca at the age of twenty-six after giving birth to her daughter .
Tomb
Upon her death , Paolo commissioned the sculptor , Jacopo della Quercia , to create a marble sarcophagus now located in the Cathedral of San Martino in Lucca . In the finished work , she reclines peacefully with a dog , symbol of fidelity , at her feet .
The sarcophagus was not actually used and Ilaria del Carretto is buried in the Guinigi chapel of Santa Lucia in San Francesco .
In 1991 , James Beck an American art historian and authority on the sculpture of Jacopo della Quercia severely criticized a 1990 restoration of the tomb which removed the patina . He was unsuccessfully sued for defamation by the conservator .
The sarcophagus features some of the earliest putti in sculpture since classical antiquity and predates those of Donatello .
References
Further reading
Neria De Giovanni , Neria ( 2007 ) . Ilaria Del Carretto . La donna del Giungi . Lucca : Pacini Fazzi . .
Paoli , Marco ( 1999 ) . The Monument of Ilaria del Carretto in the Cathedral of Lucca . Lucca : Pacini Fazzi .
External links
1379 births
1405 deaths
14th-century Italian women
15th-century Italian women
Guinigi family
People from Lucca
14th-century Italian nobility
15th-century Italian nobility
Marietta Žigalová ( born 23 November 1968 , in Ružomberok ) is a former professional Slovak female fitness competitor . She was the Absolute World and Europe Fitness Champion and the Fitness Olympia competitor .
References
Slovak sportspeople
Košice
Fitness and figure competitors
People from Ružomberok
Living people
1968 births
Vella Flat ( ) is a coastal flat to the south of Lake Cole in the northwest part of Black Island , Ross Archipelago . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) ( 1999 ) after Professor Paul Vella , Department of Geology , Victoria University of Wellington , who made a reconnaissance survey of Brown Peninsula and Black Island stratigraphy with the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) , 1964–65 .
Plains of Antarctica
Landforms of the Ross Dependency
Black Island ( Ross Archipelago )
Margaret Obank is a British publisher , noted for her contribution to the dissemination of contemporary Arabic literature in English translation .
Life
Obank was born in Leeds . She studied philosophy and literature at Leeds University and linguistics at Birkbeck College . She worked in teaching and in printing and publishing for many years . Along with her husband , the Iraqi author Samuel Shimon , Obank was the driving force behind the creation of Banipal magazine , a journal exclusively devoted to publishing English translations of modern Arabic literature . The first issue of Banipal was published in February 1998 , and as of 2011 , there have been 42 issues .
Obank has also established :
the Banipal Trust for Arab Literature ( which administers the Banipal Prize for literary translation ) ,
the Banipal-Arab British Centre Library of Modern Arab Literature , and
Banipal Books .
Obank is a trustee of the Arabic Booker Prize , and she is also involved with CASAW .
References
External links
Interview with Margaret Obank
English publishers ( people )
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Péyiri is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso . The town has a population of 1,177 .
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Roger Gilson ( 19 September 1947 – 18 January 1995 ) was a Luxembourgian cyclist . He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Major results
1964
1st Overall
1965
1st Road race , National Junior Road Championships
1966
1st Stage 2 Grand Prix François Faber
1967
1st Overall Flèche du Sud
1st Stage 2
2nd Overall Grand Prix François Faber
1968
3rd Overall Flèche du Sud
9th Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1969
1st Overall Flèche du Sud
2nd Road race , National Road Championships
4th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
1970
1st Stage 1
9th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
1972
1st Road race , National Road Championships
8th Overall Tour du Nord
1973
2nd Road race , National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
7th Rund um den Henninger Turm
8th Züri-Metzgete
1974
1st Road race , National Road Championships
1975
1st Road race , National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
1976
1st Road race , National Road Championships
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a España
10th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
1977
3rd Overall Tour d'Indre-et-Loire
References
External links
1947 births
1995 deaths
Luxembourgian male cyclists
Luxembourgian Vuelta a España stage winners
Olympic cyclists of Luxembourg
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Dudelange
Dystasiopsis spiniscapus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning and de Jong in 1941 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1941
Edward Widdowfield ( 25 March 1915 – 8 November 1983 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town and Halifax Town . An outside right who became a centre forward , he also played non-league football for Hetton Lyons Welfare , Bishop Auckland , Birtley , Ransome & Marles and Peterborough United .
Life and career
Widdowfield was born in Hetton-le-Hole , County Durham , in 1915 , a son of James Widdowfield , coal miner and local councillor , and his wife , Phillis née Pearson . In his teenage years , he engaged in pedestrianismprofessional sprintingas well as playing football for his local team , Hetton Lyons Welfare , Bishop Auckland and Birtley . His goalscoring from the outside-right position earned him offers of trials with clubs including Birmingham , Burnley , Crystal Palace and Hartlepools United , and in October 1935 , he signed for Huddersfield Town of the Football League First Division .
Widdowfield made his Football League debut on 2 November at home to Chelsea , replacing Tommy Lang . Huddersfield won 2–0 , and Widdowfield kept his place for the next three matches . Although the Leeds Mercury wrote that he `` showed great promise in his few senior side games '' , he played only once more for the first team in the next twelve months , and moved on to Halifax Town of the Third Division North in November 1936 .
Halifax Town 's manager , Jimmy Thomson , had brought in Widdowfield for his pace and crossing ability , and he played regularly at outside right for his first few months at the club . He lost his place early in the 1937–38 season , and was put on the transfer list at his own request . No move ensued , and in January 1938 , Thomson tried Widdowfield at centre forward , a position that had been problematic since top scorer Albert Valentine had left six months earlier . In his 61 league matches before the Second World War brought an end to competitive football , he scored 34 goals , including all four as Halifax came back from 3–0 down to Accrington Stanley to win 4–3 , and was the club 's top scorer in both pre-war seasons
Widdowfield married Isabella Stabler in 1935 . The 1939 Register lists him as a carpenter and footballer living in Chevinedge Crescent , Halifax , with his wife and child . He served with the Halifax police during the Second World War before joining the Royal Air Force in 1941 . When other duties permitted , he played football for Halifax Town in the wartime competitions and made one appearance in the first post-war edition of the FA Cup , before leaving for the Newark , Nottinghamshire , area where he had settled . He played Midland League football for Ransome & Marles , and spent the 1949–50 season with Peterborough United , scoring 20 goals from 45 Midland League matches , before returning to Ransome & Marles , who had by then left the Midland League for the Central Alliance .
Widdowfield remained in the Newark area , where he died in 1983 at the age of 68 .
Career statistics
References
General
Specific
1915 births
1983 deaths
English footballers
People from Hetton-le-Hole
Association football forwards
Bishop Auckland F.C . players
Birtley F.C . players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Halifax Town A.F.C . players
Peterborough United F.C . players
Ransome & Marles F.C . players
English Football League players
Midland Football League players
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
John Cyril Hawes ( 7 September 1876 – 26 June 1956 ) was an architect and priest . Hawes was known for designing and constructing church buildings in England , Western Australia and The Bahamas . He served as a priest in the Church of England before converting to Roman Catholicism and received ordination as a Catholic priest . He was later named a Domestic Prelate by Pope Pius XI and given the title `` monsignor '' . After retiring he lived as a hermit in The Bahamas , becoming known more commonly as Father Jerome .
Biography
Hawes was born in Richmond , Surrey to Edward , a solicitor , and Amelia Hawes . He attended school in Brighton and Canterbury . After leaving school he began training as an architect in London in 1893 with architects Edmeston and Gabriel . He also received formal architectural education at the Architectural Association School as well as the Central School of Arts and Craft .
In 1897 he began practising as an architect , designing houses at Bognor . After winning a design competition , Hawes was commissioned to build his first church in Gunnerton in 1899 .
After studying at Lincoln Theological College he was ordained as a Church of England priest in 1903 . After stints at Clerkenwell and Caldy Island he was posted to a mission in The Bahamas . In 1910 he designed St Paul 's Church in Clarence Town on Long Island .
In 1911 he left The Bahamas for the United States where he converted to Roman Catholicism . After leading a nomadic existence in Canada and the United States for several years , including working as a labourer and as a railway teamster , he began studying for the priesthood in Rome . He was ordained a Catholic priest in Rome on 27 February 1915 , after which he was sent to Geraldton , Western Australia where he worked as a priest , architect and builder . In recognition of his work in church design and architecture he was named a monsignor by Pope Pius XI .
In May 1939 , Hawes sailed from Fremantle , returning to The Bahamas , officially on a pilgrimage . He designed and built the Mount Alvernia Hermitage on Como Hill at Cat Island , which became his home . Along with this hermitage , he also designed five churches in the Bahamas as well as a second church at Clarence Town , St Peter 's .
He died on 26 June 1956 in Miami , Florida , aged 79 and at his own request was buried in a cave located beneath the hermitage at Cat Island .
Architecture Work
Monsignor Hawes ' architectural work in the Mid West region of Western Australia was prolific . He was appointed Diocesan Architect and designed :
The Cathedral of St Francis Xavier , a Spanish Mission style cathedral in Geraldton . The completed building was officially opened in 1938
Nazareth House in Geraldton
The Cemetery Chapel of the Holy Spirit in Geraldton
The Hermitage in Geraldton
The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Mullewa
Churches for many agricultural towns in the region ; including Morawa , Western Australia|Morawa ] ] , Perenjori , Western Australia|Perenjori ] ] , Yalgoo and Northampton
Only two private residences were designed - one being the homestead for Melangata Station north of Yalgoo , the other could be the [ https : //www.monsignorhawes.com.au/white-tower-bognor-regis/ White Tower } in Bognor Regis , UK , built as a holiday residence for him and his brothers with a single bedroom on each floor and a parlour .
The Monsignore Hawes Heritage Trail is a tourist route which visits many of these buildings , some of which he also built .
He also designed the Anglican Church of S. Christopher , in Gunnerton a small village in the North Tyne valley , Northumberland . The building has recently been restored and now boasts a fine stained glass window by William Tillyer in the west end .
See also
W.A . Heritage Trails Network
References
Further reading
Evans , A. G. The conscious stone : a biography of John C. Hawes Melbourne : Polding Press , 1984 . ( pbk . )
Taylor , John Between devotion and design : the architecture of John Cyril Hawes 1876-1956 Nedlands , W.A . : University of Western Australia Press , 2000 .
Peter Anson The Hermit of Cat Island London : Burnes & Oates , 1958 .
Marshall , Steve The Builder Priest : The Buildings of Monsignor John Hawes in Western Australia : via Blurb 2012 . ( hbk )
Marshall , Steve Stone Upon Stone : The life and legacy of John Cyril Hawes2019
External Links
Marshall Arts
1876 births
1956 deaths
20th-century English architects
British Roman Catholics
Anglican priest converts to Roman Catholicism
20th-century English Anglican priests
History of Western Australia
People from Richmond , London
Architects from Surrey
Life Is Beautiful is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language drama film written , directed and produced by Fazil . The film stars Mohanlal and Samyuktha Varma in lead roles , and features a soundtrack composed by Ouseppachan . The film was released on 14 April 2000 , and is partly a remake of the classic `` Dead Poets Society '' , but titled was inspired by the 1997 Italian film of the same title Life is Beautiful .
Plot
Vinayachandran and Sindhu are a happily married couple who enjoy romancing . Vinayachandran joins a public school as a Plus Two teachers . In the strict disciplined school , unlike other teachers , Vinayachandran is friendly and conducts enjoyable classes . The students get easily carried away by his amiable nature .
One day , Sindhu 's sister Bala visits them and asks Sindhu 's permission for leaving to the United States for her higher studies , which Sindhu disapproves bluntly . Later , Sindhu leaves for a professional tour , leaving Vinayachandran and Bala alone . Meanwhile , Bala tries to get intimate with Vinayachandran which annoys him and he asks her why she is behaving so childishly for which she replies that Sindhu was the only one she had in this world but now as she has married Vinayachandran , she is all alone . Vinayachandran understands her state of mind consoles her and asks her to behave like his sister . As the story progresses , much to Vinayachandran 's dismay , Bala 's behaviour gets more strange day by day .
Vinayachandran also loses his job because of his in-academic style of teaching . Sindhu after her trip returns and Bala confesses that she tried to get intimate with Vinayachandran and hence intended to replace Sindhu . Sindhu is devastated by this revelation and stops talking to Vinayachandran . Vinayachandran gets his job back as his students stood up for him and asks the authority not to fire him . Sindhu agrees for Bala 's US plans . Vinayachandran joins them at the railway station and together the couple bids good bye for Bala .
The film ends with Sindhu repeating Vinayachandran 's words to him that whatever happens in LIFE it IS always BEAUTIFUL .
Cast
Mohanlal as Vinayachandran
Samyuktha Varma as Sindhu , Vinayachandran 's wife
Geetu Mohandas as Bala , Sindhu 's younger sister
Arun as Sooraj Kishore
Innocent as Nambiar
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Sosamma
Nedumudi Venu as Principal
Reena
Rizabawa as Sindhu 's Manager
Sai Kumar as Suraj 's father
Saritha as Vice Principal
Mithun Ramesh as Rajan Panicker
Soundtrack
The film features an eight-song soundtrack composed by Ouseppachan , all songs ' lyrics were written by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri . The music label T-Series released the soundtrack on 1 January 2012 .
Production
The film marked the return of Geethu Mohandas , it was her first adult role after appearing in films as a child artist early in her life .
Legacy
On 5 September 2015 on the occasion of Teachers ' Day in India , International Business Times included Mohanlal 's Vinayachandran in their compilation of seven `` Best Teachers in Malayalam Films That You Will Never Forget '' .
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ouseppachan
The 2nd Guards M. I. Kalinin Taman Motor Rifle Division ( ) , commonly known as the Tamanians or Taman Division , is a Guards mechanised infantry division of the Russian Ground Forces . Its Military Unit Number ( V/Ch ) is 23626 .
The 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division was formed in 1941 , seeing extensive combat during World War II for which it became one of the most famous and decorated formations in the Soviet military . It was named in honor of Mikhail Kalinin and the town of Taman , remaining intact until it was disbanded in 2009 , before being reformed in 2013 . Since 2016 , it is part of the 1st Guards Tank Army of the Western Military District , and most of its units are based in the town of Kalininets , Moscow Oblast , south-west of Moscow .
The division took part in the Northeastern Ukraine offensive of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , notably in the failed Siege of Chernihiv .
History
The 127th Rifle Division was formed 8 June 1940 in Kharkiv , on the base of the 23rd Rifle Division which was just transferred to participate in the imminent Soviet occupation of the Baltic states ( 1940 ) .
The division was initially garrisoning Kharkiv , Chuhuiv and Bohodukhiv . It was transferred to Rzhyshchiv in May 1941 .
The 127th Rifle Division was with 19th Army 's 25th Rifle Corps , along with 134th and 162nd Rifle Divisions on June 22 , 1941 . It formed part of the High Command reserve . By August , it was with the Front troops of the Soviet Reserve Front . After the other division of the 25th Rifle Corps ( 134th and 162nd ) were shattered on arrival to south-east outskirts of Vitebsk during 11–16 July 1941 , the 127th was re-routed to south-east of Smolensk and reassigned to the 34th Rifle Corps . At that time , the 535th Rifle Regiment has lost its way and ended up being incorporated into the Leningrad Front . On 4 August 1941 , the 127th Division traversed the Dnieper River 13 km south of Yartsevo as part of the general Soviet retreat . Afterwards , it was relieved of front line duty and sent to Dorogobuzh for replenishment , where it received the 875th Rifle Regiment from the 158th Rifle Division .
As the 2nd Guards Rifle Division
For distinguished combat service , the division was renamed as the 2nd Guards Rifle Division on 18 September 1941 , attaining `` Guards '' status . At the end of September 1941 , it fought in Hlukhiv area , retreating toward Kleven river as part of General Arkady Yermakov 's operational group of the Bryansk Front . Transferred to the Kursk area on 3 October 1941 , it fought a defensive battle around the town of Tim .
On 22 December 1941 , the division started to advance during the Winter Campaign of 1941–42 . Acting together with the 1st Guards Rifle Division and 87th Rifle Division , it advanced through Cheremisinovo and Sovetsky districts of the Kursk Oblast .
By 28 January 1942 , the division was located in Stary Oskol .
As the 2nd Guards Tamanskaya ( Motor ) Rifle Division
After participating in the Novorossiysk-Taman offensive in September–October 1943 , the division was renamed to 2nd Guards ( Tamanskaya ) Motor Rifle Division after the city of Taman , Russia . Starting from 3 November 1943 , the division acted in the spearhead of Kerch-Eltigen Operation in northern Yenikale ( Ganikale ) beachhead , under the command of the 56th Army .
During the Crimean Offensive the division captured the city of Alushta on 15 April 1944 , acting under the command of the Separate Coastal Army . 19 May 1944 it was relieved from the front line duty , reassigned to the Soviet Strategic Reserve , 2nd Guards Army and transferred to Dorogobuzh for replenishment . It restarted combat operations 8 July 1944 after the 2nd Guards Army was given to the 1st Baltic Front . The division participated in Šiauliai Offensive and later in October 1944 – in Battle of Memel . In December 1944 , the entire army including the 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division was transferred to 3rd Belorussian Front and participated in the East Prussian Offensive , ending the war in middle April 1945 on the Baltic Sea coast north of Primorsk .
In September 1945 , while it was serving with the 11th Guards Rifle Corps , the division was moved back into the Moscow Military District .
Postwar
On 2 July 1946 , the division received the honorific `` named after M. I . Kalinin . ''
The division was called to Moscow for security duties following the death of Joseph Stalin on 5 March 1953 .
In December 1953 , the division was renamed to 23rd Guards Tamanskaya Mechanised Division , and it joined the 1st Guards Rifle Corps . In March 1957 , the division was renamed to 23rd Guards Tamanskaya Motor Rifle Division . In November 1964 , the division was renamed to 2nd Guards Tamanskaya Motor Rifle Division .
On 4 May 1990 the 406th Guards Motor Rifle Regiment reverted to its Second World War number as the 15th Guards Motor Rifle Regiment . The same year the 73rd Guards MRR returned to its Second World War numbering , becoming the 1st Guards Motor Rifle Regiment .
From 1991
The division has played a prominent role in two of the major political crises of recent Soviet and Russian history . In 1991 , it was one of the divisions deployed in Moscow as part of the hardline coup attempt against the Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev ; however , it was a tank unit attached to the division that switched sides at the decisive point in the coup 's course . Boris Yeltsin delivered a speech standing on top of tank no . 110 , strengthening his own position significantly , both domestically and abroad .
Two years later , the division once again came to Yeltsin 's rescue , during the 1993 Russian constitutional crisis . The stand-off between the Russian Parliament and Yeltsin , against the backdrop of massive public demonstrations in Moscow against Yeltsin 's government , had by the 2 October brought Russia to the brink of civil war . Between 2 and 4 October , the army considered its position . By sunrise of the 4th , they had given their support to Yeltsin . That day , tanks from the Tamanskaya Division opened fire on the Parliament building , where the Parliament 's supporters were barricaded . This episode consolidated Yeltsin 's power ; it was the deadliest street fighting in Moscow since 1917 .
Around 1998-2000 , the division numbered around 12,000 soldiers .
Since then , the division has seen service in Chechnya : it is known to have contributed to the force that brought the republic back under Russian control in 1999 and 2000 , during the Second Chechen War . A 'tactical group ' from the 15th Guards Motor Rifle Regiment deployed to Chechnya in early 2000 , serving in the south of the republic and the Argun Gorge after the end of major combat operations to maintain security . In 2004 , it was visited by a delegation of foreign military attaches . The Kalininets base has also recently provided the venue for the Miss Russian Army contest .
The division was located near Aprelevka , in the Moscow suburbs : its various subunits occupied a vast complex of buildings and sites to the north and northwest of the town . The two most important 'sub-bases ' in the area are Kalininets and Kobyakovo . It was one of the Russian Army 's 'constant readiness ' divisions , meaning that it was required to have at least 80 % manpower and 100 % equipment strength at all times ; it was thus intended to be readily deployable .
Rearmament in 2007
On the 22 January 2007 , the Russian news agency Interfax reported comments from the commander of the Moscow Military District , Col. General Vladimir Bakin . He stated that the Tamanskaya Division 's 1st Guards Motor Rifle Regiment had been re-equipped with a battalion of T-90 main battle tanks , replacing its old T-80s , a battalion of BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers ( this presumably refers to the modernised BTR-80A variant , which has improved firepower and armour , among other things ) , as well as a battalion of new self-propelled howitzers and 'C2 ' command and control systems . Bakin also said that the regiment 's 3rd Battalion had begun re-equipping with the BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicle , of which the regiment as a whole was due to receive 129 by the end of the year .
Furthermore , according to Interfax : `` Bakin stated that the First Guards Regiment had already undergone training for operating new material . `` The regiment was the first in the Russian army to successfully master new arms and material . Last year , the regimental personnel were graded highly on their performance , he said . ''
This rearmament may represent the first publicly known deployment of the T-90 in the Russian Army outside of the 5th Guards 'Don ' Tank Division , based at Kyakhta in the Siberian Military District , which has been entirely equipped with such tanks in recent years . There have been rumours in circulation for some time now that all the T-90s currently in service were to be accumulated in the Tamanskaya Division , but these rumours lack reliable sources . If any such move is to occur , it may take place in 2007 , but January 's partial rearmament of the division does not seem to signal the beginning of such a move , since the T-90s and other modern armoured vehicles now with the division are newly purchased ones .
The division has been slated for disbandment in 2009 , with two brigades being created from its existing subunits . Each brigade will include about 7,500 personnel with one mounted on BMP-3 tracked vehicles while the other using BTR-80 and BTR-90 wheeled vehicles . The two brigades , according to Warfare.ru , were the 5th Separate Guards Motor Rifle Brigade in the Moscow Military District , and the 8th Separate Guards Mountain Motor Rifle Brigade in Chechnya . The 8th Separate Guards Mountain Motor Rifle Brigade was formed from the 1st Guards Tank Regiment of the division , relocated without its tanks to Borzoy in Chechnya from Alabino .
As the 5th Guards Tamanskaya Motor Rifle Brigade
The division was disbanded in mid-2009 , being split into two new motor rifle brigades . After 2009 , the main successor of the division was the 5th Guards Separate , Order of the October Revolution , Red Banner , Order of Suvorov Brigade named after Kalinin , which inherited the traditions of the 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division .
2nd formation ( 2013 )
The division was re-formed in 2013 by order of Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu , from the 5th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade and other unnamed units . This order is pursuant to Russian President Vladimir Putin 's intention to `` strengthen the historical continuity '' of the Russian Armed Forces by resurrecting the names of `` famous , legendary units and formations of the Russian and Soviet armies '' . Another division , the 4th Guards Kantemirovskaya Tank Division was also reinstated under the same order .
As of June 2015 , the Russian Armed Forces planned to rebuild the famous Soviet era 1st Guards Red Banner Tank Army by including the 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division , 4th Guards Tank Division , as well as one tank and rifle brigade . The decree providing for the reformation of the force was enacted in the winter of 2014 , and it became a part of the Western Military District . Unlike the original 1st GTA , the 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division forms a part of the revived army , based in Moscow Oblast . By December 2016 , a new 1st Guards Tank Regiment was formed as part of the division , inheriting the traditions of the old 1st Guards Tank Regiment .
Division HQ
47th Guards Signal Battalion
136th Guards Reconnaissance Battalion
211th Guards Engineer Sapper Battalion
370th Medical Battalion
1063rd Supply Battalion
1174th Anti-Tank Artillery Battalion
UAV company
NBC protection company
EW company
Evacuation company
1st Guards Tank Regiment
1st Guards Motor Rifle Regiment ( returned to its Second World War numbering from previous number '73 ' in 1990 )
15th Guards Motor Rifle Shavlinsky Regiment ( Military Unit Number 31134 )
147th Guards Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment
1117th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment
Military Unit Numbers for several of the division 's regiments are known . Military Unit Numbers 23626 , 21626 , 31135 , 61896 , 51387 , 61896 , 73881 are all regiments of the division . Although some ethnic Russians are in the unit , the unit has many persons from the Caucasus . Selyatino has the hospital for the units at Kalininets . The Taman Division will deploy in May 2018 .
The division formed part of 1st Guards Tank Army when it took part in the Northeastern Ukraine offensive during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine . It took part in the failed Siege of Chernihiv .
Subordinated units and fighting strength
Its principal vehicles were the T-90 and T-80 main battle tanks , BTR-80 armoured personnel carrier and the BMP-2 and BMP-3 infantry fighting vehicles .
1st Guards Tank 'Chertkovsky ' Regiment
From January 1992 until 2009 , the 1st Guards Tank Chertkovsky Regiment was part of the 2nd Tamanskaya Guards Motor Rifle Division . During the reforms of Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov , the 1st Guards Tank Regiment along with the Taman Division was disbanded .
In 2020 , the 1st Guards Tank Chertkovsky Regiment ( formed late 2016 ) was planned to be one of the first units to be equipped with the new T-14 Armata main battle tank from Uralvagonzavod . , the unit is equipped with the T-72B3 .
The 1st Guards Tank Chertkovsky Regiment has always been at the point of the spear taking on the most difficult situations . Many officers from the Chertkovsky Regiment subsequently take top positions in the Ministry of Defence .
In popular culture
In Tom Clancy 's 1986 novel Red Storm Rising , the division offers token resistance to a coup d'état by the Soviet Army and the KGB against the Politburo .
In Frederick Forsyth 's 1996 novel Icon ( novel ) , the tank division prevents success of a coup d'état by the main antagonist .
References
This page incorporates material from the Russian Wikipedia pages 127-я стрелковая_дивизия ( 1-го формирования ) and 2-я гвардейская стрелковая дивизия , accessed 2 October 2016 .
Further reading
How were Soviet blocking detachments employed ? – lesser known historical incident of the 2 GRD
Infantry divisions of Russia
G002
Military units and formations established in 1964
Military units and formations awarded the Order of the Red Banner
Military units and formations of Russia in the war in Donbas
Drinkwater is a Canadian coming-of-age comedy film , directed by Stephen Campanelli and released in 2021 . The film stars Daniel Doheny as Mike Drinkwater , a teenager living in Penticton , British Columbia , with his father Hank ( Eric McCormack ) ; an outsider because his father does not hold down a steady job and instead lives solely off the proceeds of insurance fraud schemes , Mike finds his life transformed when he befriends Wallace ( Louriza Tronco ) , a young woman who moves into the house next door .
The film 's cast also includes Jordan Burtchett , Alex Zahara , Linda Darlow , Bob Frazer , Naika Toussaint , Chloe Babcook , Vincent Cheng , Jana Benoit , Lisa Huynh , Mavourneen Varcoe-Ryan , Beth Fotheringham , David Allan Pearson , Matt Shay , Quinn Hubscher Graham Fraser and Mike Drinkwater
The film premiered at the 2021 Calgary International Film Festival , where it won the Audience Choice Award for Best Canadian Narrative Film . It was subsequently screened at the 2021 Whistler Film Festival , where it won the Audience Award .
Doheny won the Vancouver Film Critics Circle award for Best Actor in a Canadian Film at the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards 2021 , and McCormack was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film .
References
External links
2021 films
2021 comedy films
Canadian coming-of-age comedy films
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in British Columbia
Films set in British Columbia
Films directed by Stephen Campanelli
2020s English-language films
2020s Canadian films
Carabonematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida .
Genera :
Carabonema Stammer & Wachek , 1952
References
Nematodes
Sakaguchi Kiichiro was a Japanese anti-war activist and a sailor . He joined the Imperial Japanese Navy . During his service , he was active in anti-war activity . The Kiichiro Sakaguchi monument was erected in Izumi City , his place of birth . Amongst those who visited the monument was Japanese Communist Party politician Yoshiki Yamashita . On December 7 , 2013 , a rally was held at the Izumi City Community Center on the 80th anniversary of Sakaguchi 's death .
See also
Dissent in the Armed Forces of the Empire of Japan
References
External links
Japanese anti-war activists
Imperial Japanese Navy officers
Lunchtime with Wogan was a British television series hosted by Terry Wogan which aired from 1972 to 1973 on ITV . It was produced by Associated Television and formed part of ITV 's newly launched afternoon schedule , transmitting live between 13:00 and 13:30 on Tuesdays from 17 October 1972 . All 44 episodes are missing , believed lost , with only a `` Christmas with the Stars '' segment remaining which as now been released on all star comedy dvd by network dvd
References
External links
Lunchtime with Wogan on IMDb
1972 British television series debuts
1973 British television series endings
Lost television shows
English-language television shows
1970s British television series
The Gedser-Rostock bridge was a proposed project that would have linked the Danish island Falster with Rostock in Germany . The route across the Baltic Sea would have been part of European route E55 and the main link between Scandinavia and Berlin . It was rejected in 2007 in favour of the Fehmarn Belt tunnel , which finally began construction in 2021 .
Although the distance was twice as long as the preferred route across the Fehmarn Belt , the bridge would have been been built in manageable water depths as this part of the Baltic is quite shallow . For instance the sea south of Gedser on Falster has depths of less than for some in this area . If the crossing had been built as a bridge , it would have been the longest bridge in the world over a body of water . Scandlines ferries continue to operate between Gedser and Rostock operating through the Fehmarn Belt line .
Proposal
The case for the Gedser-Rostock bridge was that it would have been the shortest and most direct link between Scandinavia and Berlin , the high-growth areas in Eastern/Central Europe , and the Central Industrial Region in Poland . As compared to the Fehmarn Belt , the distances saved by using the Gedser-Rostock route were as follows :
Copenhagen - Berlin =
Copenhagen - Munich =
Copenhagen - Poland = .
Supporters of the Gedser-Rostock said the Fehmarn Belt to Hamburg would be let down by that city 's reputation as a bottleneck for road and rail traffic . The Danish Social Liberal Party and the Danish People 's Party said on 3 June 2007 that they favoured the Gedser–Rostock bridge . They were supported by traffic researchers and a consultant from the German Ministry of Traffic .
Rejection
On 4 June 2007 , the then-Danish transport minister Flemming Hansen ( Conservative People 's Party ) announced he had rejected the Gedser–Rostock proposal because it would put the process `` ten years back '' . The Social Democrats agreed with the Government saying that `` if the Germans wo n't join in , but wish something else , then we will of course listen '' .
On 29 June 2007 , the Danish and German authorities agreed to support the Fehmarn Belt tunnel project rather than the Gedser–Rostock bridge . Eventually after 12 years of planning , economic summits , and international agreements , construction work on the Fehmarn Belt link officially began 1 January 2021 .
See also
Fehmarn Belt fixed link
Vogelfluglinie
List of bridges by length
List of the longest tunnels
References
Bridges in Denmark
Transport in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Connections across the Baltic Sea
Proposed road bridges
Road bridges in Germany
Proposed road tunnels in Europe
Proposed bridges in Europe
Elen Shakirova ( née Bunatyants , born 2 June 1970 in Mary , Turkmen SSR ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics . She was born to an Armenian father and a Russian mother .
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Mary , Turkmenistan
Turkmenistan people of Armenian descent
Russian people of Armenian descent
Russian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women 's basketball players
Ethnic Armenian sportspeople
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Houston Comets players
Charlotte Sting players
Turkmenistan people of Russian descent
Soviet Armenians
Haagen Skattum ( 8 November 1824 – 9 September 1900 ) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party .
Haagen Olsen Skattum was born at Østre Toten in Oppland , Norway . He grew up on the Skattum farm near the village of Nordlia . He established the trading company H. Skattum in Gjøvik in 1858 . He was a wholesaler and retailer of goods including salt , sugar , coffee and liquor . Trade made the members of the Skattum family among the richest in Gjøvik , together with their main competitor Hans Bernhard Falk ( 1892–1957 ) .
Haagen Skattum also served as mayor of Gjøvik from 1879 through 1884 . In July 1860 , he married Ida Camilla Mæhlum ( 1838-1913 ) . Together they had five sons : Haakon , Adolf , Ludvig , Ole and Sverre . Adolf served mayor of Gjøvik in the year 1909 . Sverre was also a city councillor , and chair of the local savings bank . Sverre and Ludvig inherited H. Skattum together ; Ludvig was also a major financial benefactor .
References
1824 births
1900 deaths
People from Gjøvik
People from Østre Toten
Norwegian company founders
Conservative Party ( Norway ) politicians
Mayors of places in Oppland
Politicians from Gjøvik
Ephraim Carlebach ( March 12 , 1879 in Lübeck – 1936 in Ramat Gan , British Mandate of Palestine ) , was a German-born Orthodox rabbi .
Biography
Carlebach belonged to a well-known German rabbi family . His father Salomon Carlebach ( 1845–1919 ) was rabbi in Lübeck . He had seven brothers and four sisters . He attended the Katharineum school in Lübeck , where he befriended his schoolmate Thomas Mann , as the latter recalled .
Four of his brothers were rabbis as well . They were Emanuel Carlebach ( 1874-1927 ) , Joseph Carlebach ( 1883–1942 ) , David Carlebach ( 1885–1913 ) and Hartwig Naftali Carlebach ( 1889–1967 ) .
Carlebach is most known for his work in founding Orthodox Jewish schools in Germany , notably Leipzig , from 1900 . He was a leading figure in the construction of the and the synagogue Etz Chaim .
In 1924 he was appointed the chief Orthodox Rabbi of Leipzig . In 1935 Carlebach moved to the British Mandate of Palestine where he died in 1936 . His son Esriel Carlebach was the founder and first editor of the newspaper Maariv . His nephew Shlomo Carlebach was known as `` The Singing Rabbi '' .
References
Ephraim
Chief rabbis of cities
Rabbis in Mandatory Palestine
German Orthodox rabbis
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Mandatory Palestine
Aliyah
Clergy from Lübeck
20th-century German rabbis
1879 births
1936 deaths
Clergy from Leipzig
Piermaria Bagnadore ( c. 1550–1627 ) , also called Pietro Maria Bagnatori , was an Italian painter , sculptor , and architect of the late-Renaissance period .
Biography
Born in Orzinuovi , he trained with il Moretto da Brescia , and painted mainly in Brescia from the late 16th century until the 1610s .
He was active mainly in Brescia . He helped direct the sculptural decoration of the Duomo Nuovo between 1604 and 1611 . He designed and sculpted the Mannerist style fountain at the base of the Torre della Palata , with collaborations from Antonio Carra and Valentino Bonesini . Among his other works is the design of the Church of the Madonna del Lino during 1604–1609 . He also participated in the reconstruction of the church of San Domenico ( 1611 ) and the church of Sant'Angela Merici .
He helped design the bell-tower of the church of San Giuseppe , the monumental portico in via Dieci Giornate and of corso Zanardelli at Piazza dell Loggia . He helped plan the enlargement of the church of Santissimo Corpo di Cristo ( 1620 ) .
Among his paintings were a Birth of Jesus for the church of San Carlo , and Adoration of Shepherds over the lateral portal of the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie , along with a St Anne and young John the Baptist and an altarpiece depicting the Immaculate Conception ; and a Dead Christ for the nave of Sant'Angela Merici .
His work was noted by the biographer Luigi Lanzi . His extensive print collection passed into the hands of Count Camillo Gonzaga of Novellara
References
1550s births
1627 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Brescia
16th-century Italian architects
17th-century Italian architects
Italian Renaissance architects
Architects from Brescia
Mandell Maughan is a Portuguese-American film and television actress . She is best known for starring as Maggie in Me , Myself & I on CBS and Lisa Casper in Resident Alien . She also played Victoria King for four seasons in Bajillion Dollar Propertie $ .
Early life
Mandell was born and raised in Point Loma , a peninsula within southern California , often referred to as `` Little Portugal '' .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American television actresses
American stand-up comedians
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from San Diego
Comedians from California
American women comedians
21st-century American comedians
The 40-meter or 7-MHz band is an amateur radio frequency band , spanning 7.000-7.300 MHz in ITU Region 2 , and 7.000-7.200 MHz in Regions 1 & 3 . It is allocated to radio amateurs worldwide on a primary basis ; however , only 7.000-7.100 MHz is exclusively allocated to amateur radio worldwide . Shortwave broadcasters and land mobile users also have primary allocations in some countries , and amateur stations must share the band with these users .
40 meters is considered one of the most reliable all-season long distance communication ( DX ) bands .
History
The 40-meter band was made available to amateurs in the United States by the Third National Radio Conference on October 10 , 1924 , and allocated on a worldwide basis by the International Radiotelegraph Conference in Washington , D.C. , on October 4 , 1927 .
For many years , the portion of the band from 7.100–7.300 MHz has been allocated to short wave broadcasters outside the Americas , and not available to radio amateurs outside of ITU Region 2 . At the World Radio Conference WRC-03 in 2003 , it was agreed that the broadcast stations would move out of the section 7.100–7.200 MHz on 29 March 2009 and that portion would become a worldwide exclusive amateur allocation afterwards . Releasing the remaining 100 kHz of the band to amateurs at a later date is an IARU aim for future conferences .
Radio propagation characteristics
This band supports both long distance ( DX ) communications between late afternoon and a few hours after sunrise , and short distance NVIS contacts during most daylight hours .
With its unique combination of intra- and intercontinental communications possibilities , 40 meters is considered a key band in building a winning HF contesting score during any part of the sunspot cycle .
Usage
The band is most useful for inter-continental communication for one or two hours before sunset , during the night and for one or two hours after sunrise . It is extremely useful for short to medium distance contacts from local contacts out to a range of 500–1,500 km ( 300–1,000 miles ) or more , depending on conditions , during the day . In higher latitudes , daytime intercontinental communication is also possible during the short days of winter , for example a good path often opens between Japan and northern Europe in the hours leading up to European midday from late November through late January , with a long path opening to the west coast of the United States and Canada after midday .
Due to the 24-hour nature of the band , the wide variety of ranges that can be spanned with it , and its shared nature , it tends to be extremely crowded , and interference from other amateurs and broadcasters can be a serious limiting factor . In recent years amateurs in east and southeast Asia have also suffered severe interference from illegal users .
Band plans
In most jurisdictions the subdivision of the band into different operating modes is according to informal convention rather than legal requirement .
IARU Region 1
Europe , Africa , Middle East and Northern Asia
IARU Region 2
The Americas
IARU Region 3
Asia-Pacific
Japan
Canada
Canada is part of region 2 and as such is subject to the IARU band plan . Radio Amateurs of Canada offers the bandplan below as a recommendation for use by radio amateurs in that country but it does not have the force of law and should only be considered a suggestion or guideline .
United States
Key
See also
Shortwave bands
Skywave
References
Amateur radio bands
Peter Hills ( born 3 December 1958 ) is a New Zealand former cricketer . He played 34 first-class and 28 List A match for Otago between 1978 and 1990 .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Ranfurly , New Zealand
Arquimínio Rodrigues da Costa ( 8 July 1924 – 12 September 2016 ) was a Portuguese prelate of the Catholic Church . He was bishop of the Diocese of Macau from 1976 to 1988 .
Life
Arquimínio Rodrigues da Costa , a native of São Mateus , Pico , Azores , entered the seminary of Macau in 1938 and was ordained a priest on 6 October 1949 . In February 1955 , he was appointed rector of this seminary .
On 20 January 1976 , Pope Paul VI appointed him bishop of Macau . He was ordained bishop on 25 March 1976 . On 6 October 1988 , he resigned from this post . He received the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Portuguese Republic in November 1988 . After this , he worked in the Diocese while his health allowed him .
References
1924 births
2016 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Macau
Portuguese Roman Catholic bishops
People from Pico Island
The Zambezi indigobird ( Vidua codringtoni ) , also known as the twinspot indigobird or green indigobird , is a species of bird in the family Viduidae . It is found in Malawi , Tanzania , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
It appears on Zambia 's new 5 ngwee coin .
References
Zambezi indigobird
Birds of East Africa
Zambezi indigobird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Era Television ( ) is a nationwide cable TV network in Taiwan that is operated by ERA Communications Inc. , established in October 1996 .
Era TV Channels
Era TV currently operates three commercial cable television channels :
Era News ( )
Much TV ( )
Azio TV ( )
See also
List of Taiwanese television series
External links
Era TV official website
Television stations in Taiwan
Chinese-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Verge Rocks ( ) is a two rocks lying 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) north of Chavez Island , off the west coast of Graham Land . It was mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) from photos taken by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1956–57 , and was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) because the rocks lie on the edge of Grandidier Channel .
Links
Rock formations of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Taxi Car is a 1972 Indian Malayalam- language detective film , directed and produced by P. Venu . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sadhana , Vijayasree and Vincent in the lead roles . The film had musical score by R. K. Shekhar .
Thie film is a sequel to the 1971 film C.I.D . Nazir .
Premise
With the menace of a counterfeiting racket operating in Kerala on the rise , CID Nazir is tasked to bring the perpetrators to justice .
Cast
Prem Nazir as CID Nazir
Vidhubala as Geetha
Vijayasree as Rani
Vincent as Vincent
Adoor Bhasi as Nambiar , Bhasi ( double role )
Hari
Jose Prakash as Shivaram
Prema as Kamalam
Shobha as Baby Shobha
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Sreelatha
T. S. Muthaiah as Father Frederick
Bahadoor as Nadathara Rajappan
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kunchan
P. R. Menon as Keshava Pilla
Pala Thankam
Soundtrack
The music was composed by R. K. Shekhar and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi .
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
CIDNazir2
Indian sequel films
Films directed by P. Venu
Bohumír Zeman ( born 26 May 1957 in Vrchlabí ) is a Czech former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics .
External links
1957 births
Living people
Czech male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovak male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Competitors at the 1978 Winter Universiade
People from Vrchlabí
Sportspeople from the Hradec Králové Region
Kaisyn Shuvayevich Kuliev or Qaysin Quli ( ; ; 1 November 1917 – 4 June 1985 ) was a Balkar poet . He wrote in the Karachay-Balkar language . His poems are widely translated to most languages in the former Soviet Union , including Russian , Ossetian , Lithuanian , Belorussian , Armenian . Kuliev 's books have been published in 140 languages in Europe , Asia , and America .
Early life
Kaisyn Kuliev ( Quli ) was born on November 1 , 1917 , in a Balkar aul Upper Chegem to a family of stock-breeders and hunters . He spent his childhood in the mountains . He was orphaned at an early age and started to work . In 1926 a school was established in his aul , and he started to read and study Russian . By age ten , he had written his first poems . After graduation from school , he entered a technical college in Nalchik and first published at age 17 .
In 1935 Kuliev arrived in Moscow and entered the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts ( GITIS ) . He attended lectures at the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute and continued to write .
Career
In 1939 he returned to Nalchik , where he taught literature at the local teachers ' training college . In 1940 , he published his first book of poetry , Hello , Morning ! .
In 1940 Kuliev was drafted into the Red Army , where he served in the paratrooper brigade . In the summer of 1941 , his brigade was transferred to Latvian SSR . He was wounded in a battle near Orel . While in the hospital Kaisyn Kuliev wrote many poems that were published in Pravda , and Krasnaya Zvezda . He participated in the Battle of Stalingrad as a military correspondent for the Syny Otechestva newspaper . In the operation to liberate southern cities , Kuliev was wounded again .
During the period between 1942 and 1944 , he wrote In an hour of Trouble , About Someone Who Did n't Return , and Perekop . In 1944 , Joseph Stalin ordered deportation of the Balkar ethnic group to Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan . Although Boris Pasternak managed to secure a permit for Kuliev to stay in Moscow , in 1945 , Kuliev chose to live in Kyrgyzstan , where he worked in the local Union of Writers . In Frunze , he married an Ingush girl , Maka . The Ingush ethnic group was also deported by Stalin to Central Asia . Since Kaisyn Kuliev 's poetry could not be published , because he belonged to a deported people , he translated others ' poetry . Pasternak , in his letters , encouraged the younger poet to have faith in a better future .
In May 1956 , Kouliev went to Moscow , and in 1957 he published Mountains and The Bread and the Rose ( 1957 ) with the help of Russian poet Nikolai Tikhonov . In 1956 , Balkars were allowed to return to their native places and Kuliev returned to Nalchik where he published his collections The Wounded Stone ( 1964 ) , The Book of the Land ( 1972 ) , The Evening ( 1974 ) , The Evening Light ( 1979 ) , A Beauty of the Earth ( 1980 ) , and others . Kouliev 's poetry was recognized by Soviet officials when Stalin 's era ended , and he was posthumously honored with State Prizes of the Soviet Republics ( 1966 ) , USSR State Prize ( 1974 ) and also Lenin Prize but only in 1990 . His Russian translators included Naum Grebnev , Bella Akhmadulina , Naum Korzhavin and Oleg Chukhontsev .
Kaisyn Kuliev died in 1985 and was buried in the garden of his house . The Kaisyn Kuliev Memorial Museum now operates at that location . One of the major streets of Nalchik , the capital of Kabardino-Balkaria , was named after the poet . Balkar Theater of Drama in Nalchik was named for him . His poetry presents `` lessons of courage , nobleness and honour '' .
Children
His son Eldar Kuliev ( 31 December 1951 – 14 January 2017 ) was a film director and screenwriter living in Moscow . Alim Kouliev is an actor and stage director living in the United States . Azamat Kuliev is an artist living in Istanbul , Turkey .
Bibliography
Poetry translated into English
KULIYEV , KAISYN . Grass and Stone . Selected Poems . Translated by Olga Shartse . Vestnik Kavkaza , Pyatigorsk , Russia , 2007 . Bilingual edition . Translation into Russian by Naum Grebnev , Oleg Chukhontsev , Vera Zvyagintseva . 298 pp .
KULIEV , KAISYN . Grass and Stone . Translated By Olga Shartse . Selected Poems . Moscow , Progress Publishers , 1977
Selected poetry translated into Russian
Prislushaisia k slovam ( Listen the Words ) 2002 introduction by Chingiz Aitmatov
Chelovek . Ptitsa . Derevo . ( The Man . The Bird . The Tree . ) 1985
Kolosia i zvezdi ( Ears and Stars ) 1979
Sobranie sochineniy v trekh tomakh ( The Collected Works In Three Volumes ) . 1976–1977 . Introduction by Irakly Andronikov .
Zhivu Sredi Ludey ( I Live Alone a People ) 1976
Lirika ( Lyric ) 1974
Zvezdam goret ( The Stars Will Shine ) 1973
Izbrannie proizvedenia d dvukh tomakh ( Selected Works In Two Volumes ) 1972
Blagodaru Solntse ( I Thank the Sun ) 1969
Mir Domu Tvoemu ( Peace to Your House ) 1966
Zaveschanniy Mir ( Bequeathing World ) 1965
Izbrannaia Lirika ( The Lyrics ) 1964
Zelenaia skazka ( The Green Fairytale )
Gory ( The Mountains ) 1957
Selected poetry translated to other languages
Ogon na skale ( Fire On The Rock ) Frunze , Kyrgyzstan , 1969 .
Prose written in Russian
Mir I Radost Vam Zhivuschie ( The Peace And Gladness to You Who Live ) 2007
Byla zima ( It Was a Winter )
Poet vsegda s liudmi ( The Poet Always With a People ) 1986
Tak rastet i derevo ( And Tree is Growing So ) 1975
References
External links
Kaysyn Kuliev in the social memory of people
Kaisyn Kuliev . National Library of Australia
Kaisyn kouliev . Scottish Poetry Library Inspire
Kisyn Kuliev . University of Chicago Library
Hrono
Kaisyn Kuliev Memorial Museum
Farewell by Chingiz Aitmatov
90th Anniversary of Kaisyn Kouliev .
Kaisyn Kuliev . Fifty Soviet Poets
Kaisyn Kuliev : Literary portret
1917 births
1985 deaths
People from Chegemsky District
Soviet poets
Male poets
Soviet male writers
20th-century male writers
Recipients of the USSR State Prize
Lenin Prize winners
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Maxim Gorky Literature Institute alumni
Mapanna Mallikarjun Kharge ( born 21 July 1942 ) is an Indian politician who is the current Member of Parliament , Rajya Sabha from Karnataka since from 16 February 2021 . He was Leader of the Opposition of Rajya Sabha from 16 February 2021 to 01 October 2022 . He was the Minister of Railways and Minister of Labour and Employment in the Government of India . Kharge is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party and was a Member of Parliament for Gulbarga , Karnataka during 2009–2019 .
He is a senior Karnataka politician and was the Leader of opposition in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly . He was the President of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee during the 2008 Karnataka State Assembly Elections .
He has won elections a record 10 consecutive times having won the Assembly elections an unprecedented 9 consecutive times ( 1972 , 1978 , 1983 , 1985 , 1989 , 1994 , 1999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2009 ) and lost in the 2019 elections . Mallikarjun Kharge was the leader of the congress party in Lok Sabha during 2014–2019 .
Early life and background
Mallikarjun Kharge was born in the Varawatti , Bhalki Taluk , Bidar district , Karnataka to Mapanna Kharge and Sabavva . He finished his schooling from Nutan Vidyalaya in Gulbarga and went on to obtain a Bachelor of Arts degree from the Government College , Gulbarga and his law degree from the Seth Shankarlal Lahoti Law College in Gulbarga . He started his legal practice as a junior in Justice Shivaraj Patil 's office and fought cases for labour unions early in his legal career .
Political career
Early career
Kharge started his political career as a student union leader while in the Government College , Gulbarga when he was elected as the General Secretary of the students ' body . In 1969 , he became the legal advisor to the MSK Mills Employees ' Union . He was also an influential labour union leader of Samyukta Majdoor Sangha and led many agitations fighting for the rights of labourers . In 1969 , he joined the Indian National Congress and became President of the Gulbarga City Congress Committee
Rise in Karnataka 's political scene
He first contested the Karnataka State Assembly elections in 1972 and won from Gurmitkal constituency . In 1973 , he was appointed the Chairman of the Octroi Abolition Committee which went into the question of revitalising the economy of the municipal and civic bodies in the state of Karnataka . Based on its report , the then Devaraj Urs government abolished the levy of octroi at multiple points . In 1974 , he was appointed the Chairman of state-owned Leather Development Corporation and worked to improve the living conditions of thousands of cobblers who were indulging in the leather tanning industry . Work sheds cum residences were built across the state for their benefit during this time . In 1976 , he was appointed the Minister of State for Primary Education , during which time , over 16,000 backlog vacancies of SC/STs teachers were filled up by recruiting them directly into the service . Grants under grant-in-aid code were given to schools run by SC/ST managements for the first time .
In 1978 , he was elected for the second time as MLA from Gurmitkal constituency and was appointed Minister of State for Rural Development and Panchayat Raj in the Devaraj Urs ministry . In 1980 , he became the Minister for Revenue in the Gundu Rao Cabinet . During this time , the focus was on effective land reforms , resulting in giving occupancy rights to millions of land-less tillers and labourers . More than 400 land tribunals were constituted to expedite the transfer of land rights to the tillers . In 1983 , he was elected for the third time to the Karnataka Assembly from Gurmitkal . In 1985 , he was elected for the fourth time to the Karnataka Assembly from Gurmitkal and was appointed the Deputy Leader of the Opposition in the Karnataka Assembly .
In 1989 , he was elected for the fifth time to the Karnataka Assembly from Gurmitkal . In 1990 , he joined Bangarappa 's Cabinet as the Minister for Revenue , Rural Development and Panchayat Raj , portfolios he had held earlier and brought about significant change . Restarting the Land Reforms process that had stopped in the interim , resulted in hundreds of thousands of acres of land being registered in the name of the landless tillers .
Between 1992 and 1994 , he was the Minister for Co-operation , Medium and Large Industries in the Veerappa Moily Cabinet . In 1994 , he was elected for the sixth time to the Karnataka Assembly from Gurmitkal and became the Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly . In 1999 , he was elected for the seventh time to the Karnataka Assembly and was a front-runner to the post of Chief Minister of Karnataka . He became Minister for Home in the S. M. Krishna Cabinet during a particularly trying time for Karnataka especially the Rajkumar kidnap by the notorious poacher Veerappan and the Cauvery Riots . In 2004 , he was elected for the eighth consecutive time to the Karnataka Assembly and was once again considered a front-runner to the post of the Chief Minister of Karnataka . He became the Minister for Transport and Water Resources in the Dharam Singh-led coalition government .
In 2005 , he was appointed the President of the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee . In the Panchayat elections held soon after , Congress won the largest number of seats compared to BJP and JD ( S ) indicating a revival of the Congress fortunes in the rural areas of Karnataka . In 2008 , he was elected for the record ninth consecutive time to the Assembly from Chitapur . Though the Congress party put up a better show when compared to the 2004 elections , the Congress lost the elections with a majority of the senior leaders losing . He was appointed the Leader of the Opposition for the second time in 2008 . In 2009 , Kharge contested the general elections from Gulbarga Parliamentary Constituency and won his tenth consecutive election .
In the 2014 general elections , Kharge contested and won from the Gulbarga parliamentary seat , beating his closest rival from the BJP by over 73,000 votes . In June , he was appointed the Leader of the Congress party in the Lok Sabha .
Kharge contested the 2019 general elections against Umesh . G. Jadhav , a BJP candidate , in Gulbarga Lok Sabha constituency of Karnataka . Jadhav defeated Mallikarjun Kharge by a margin of 95,452 votes . Jadhav polled 6,20,192 votes while Kharge got only 5,24,740 votes .
On 12 June 2020 Kharge was elected ( unopposed ) to the Rajya Sabha from Karnataka , at the age of 78 years .
On 12 February 2021 , Kharge was appointed Leader of Opposition , Rajya Sabha , and resigned to the post for contesting Congress party presidential post .
Philanthropic and social activities
He is the Founder-Chairman of Siddharth Vihar Trust that has built the Buddha Vihar in Gulbarga , India .
He is the Patron of Chowdiah Memorial Hall which is one of the premier concert and theatre venues in Bangalore and helped the centre get over its debts and aided the centre 's plans for renovation .
Personal life
Kharge married Radhabai on 13 May 1968 and has two daughters and three sons . In 2006 , Kharge said he follows Buddhism .
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1942 births
India MPs 2009–2014
India MPs 2014–2019
Ambedkarites
Converts to Buddhism from Hinduism
Indian Buddhists
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Kannada people
Living people
Lok Sabha members from Karnataka
Members of the Cabinet of India
Labour ministers of India
People from Bidar district
People from Kalaburagi
Leaders of the Opposition in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly
Mysore MLAs 1972–1977
Members of the Mysore Legislature
Karnataka MLAs 1978–1983
Karnataka MLAs 1983–1985
Karnataka MLAs 1985–1989
Karnataka MLAs 1989–1994
Karnataka MLAs 1994–1999
Karnataka MLAs 1999–2004
Karnataka MLAs 2004–2007
Karnataka MLAs 2008–2013
Xiling may refer to :
Xiling , now known as Hangzhou
Xiling Society of the Seal Art , Hangzhou-based organisation for seal art
Xiling District ( 西陵区 ) , Yichang , Hubei
Xiling Gorge ( 西陵峡 ) , one of the Three Gorges
Xiling Bridge ( 西陵长江大桥 ) , bridge over Yangtze River
Xiling , Changning ( 西岭镇 ) , a town of Changning City
Lin Xiling ( 1935–2009 ) , Chinese activist and dissident
Shen Xiling ( 1904–1940 ) , Chinese film director
Xiong Xiling ( 1870–1937 ) , premier of the Republic of China from July 1913 to February 1914
See also
Xilin ( disambiguation )
The Garchey System was an early refuse disposal system in the United Kingdom . Devised by Louis Garchey , a Frenchman , it was first installed in blocks of flats in France during the 1930s . It was first used in the UK in 1935 after the City of Leeds installed it in one of its housing blocks . A British firm holds the UK rights .
Similar systems were installed in various buildings during the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s . A more sophisticated system was installed in London 's Barbican Estate in the 1960s and 1970s .
Methodology
The disposal system is distinguished for its water-borne method of refuse conveyance . Conventional waste chutes convey dry refuse from individual flats . With the Garchey system , refuse ( ranging from potato peelings and ashes to small bottles and tins ) is collected in a unit below the sink in each residential unit through a large plug in the sink . When the refuse has accumulated in the unit and was soaked with water , it is discharged into cast iron stacks . From there it is flushed with water to central tanks for periodic removal or treatment .
Some installations of the Garchey system ( e.g . Spa Green Estate ) caused complaints for its tendency to produce foul smell and `` bubbling back '' of the refuse due to poor maintenance .
Installations
In Britain
London 's Barbican Estate ( 1960s and 1970s )
RAH Livett 's Quarry Hill Flats ( 1941 , demolished 1978 )
Chalkhill Estate in Wembley , London
Park Hill Flats in Sheffield ( Jack Lynn and Ivor Smith , opened 1961 )
Spa Green Estate , Clerkenwell , London
In France
The French Garden city at du Plessis-Robinson .
The Matrat-Voisembert property complex in Issy-les-Moulineaux ( until 2005 ) .
Le Corbusier 's Cité radieuse de Marseille .
References
External links
The Garchey System
Quarry Hill flats - illustrations from Leodis the Leeds Library & Information Service photograph archive
Modified kitchen sink
Garchey plant
Waste management
Monodie ( ) is a short composition for organ by French composer Olivier Messiaen .
Background
The Monodie was composed in 1963 at the request of Jean Bonfils , who was Messiaen 's assistant at the church of the Sainte-Trinité , Paris , where he was the main organist . It was written for Bonfils 's and Noémie Pierrot 's organ method book entitled Nouvelle méthode de clavier . Messiaen presumably did n't have his own organ at the Trinité because of a major refurbishment . It was then published as a part of that book in 1963 by the Schola Cantorum . Musicologist Nigel Simeone alleges that Messiaen could have composed the Monodie as a part of a sight-reading examination at the Schola Cantorum . The piece was later republished posthumously by Éditions Alphonse Leduc in 1997 , as most other short works that were lost , forgotten , or never intended for publication . It was formally premiered on May 19 , 1998 , at Westminster Cathedral , in London , with Gillian Weir at the organ .
Structure
This composition has a total duration of 6 minutes and a total of 17 bars of variable length . As was customary in many works by Messiaen , the monodie has no time or key signature . It starts with a single staff ( as opposed to a three-staff system , which is typical of organ works ) . Messiaen used the tempo marking `` Très modéré '' . The stop configuration used in the piece is stable throughout : Flute 8 ( or Quintaton 16 ) , Cor de Nuit 8 , Nazard 2⅔ , and Octavin 2 . The piece features multiple triplets , quintuplets and sextuplets .
Recordings
Following is a list of some of the most notable recordings :
References
Compositions by Olivier Messiaen
1963 compositions
Compositions for organ
A salvo is the simultaneous discharge of artillery or firearms including the firing of guns either to hit a target or to perform a salute . As a tactic in warfare , the intent is to cripple an enemy in one blow and prevent them from fighting back .
Overview
Troops armed with muzzleloaders required time to refill their arms with gunpowder and shot . Gun drills were designed to enable an almost continuous rain of fire on the enemy by lining troops into ranks , allowing one rank to fire a salvo , or volley , while the other ranks prepared their guns for firing .
The term is commonly used to describe the firing of broadsides by warships , especially battleships . During fleet engagements in the days of sail , from 17th century until the 19th century , ships of the line were maneuvered with the objective of bringing the greatest possible number of cannon to bear on the enemy and to discharge them in a salvo , causing enough damage and confusion as to allow time for the cannon to be swabbed out and reloaded . Crossing the T entailed cutting across the enemy 's line of battle to enable broadsides to be fired through the enemy 's bow or stern along the whole length of the ship , with every shot likely to cause the maximum carnage . The opportunity was a passing one and the most had to be made of it .
With the coming of HMS Dreadnought , with her turreted main armament , the heavy guns were directed by firing a salvo of half-broadside in order to observe the fall of shot , allowing enough time to adjust for range and direction before firing the other half-broadside . This way , shells were kept in flight while each half-battery was reloaded . Reloading a battleship guns , arriving at a firing solution and lining the guns up to fire took as long as 30 seconds , especially when the fall of shot needed to be observed and corrections made before firing again . A target ship moving at traveled in 30 seconds , and would often maneuver to `` spoil '' the range measurement . The `` spread '' of the salvo would have one shot fire `` over '' the estimated range , one shot `` under '' , and two on the estimated range . When a four-shot `` salvo '' `` straddled '' the target with one splashing over , one splashing under and two landing on or near the target , fire control officers knew they had the correct range . All turret-mounted guns on battleships and cruisers were directed by the gunnery officer , positioned high in the ship and equipped with a visual rangefinder and other mechanisms for directing fire . Instructions to the gunlayers in the turrets were passed by voice pipe , messenger and , later , by telephone . Guns could also be laid by remote control by the gunnery director , with the appropriate technology . Late in World War II , guns were directed by radar .
See also
List of multiple-barrel firearms
Barrage ( artillery )
Broadside
Fusillade
Volley fire
Gast Gun
Meroka CIWS
Metal Storm Limited
MRSI
Nordenfelt gun
Project SALVO
Volley gun
References
Naval artillery
Salvo weapons
Zacardi Renye Louis Cortez ( born September 17 , 1985 ) is an American gospel musician and Christian R & B artist . He started his music career , in 2012 , with the release of The Introduction by Blacksmoke Records . His second album , REloaded , was released by WorldWide Records in 2014 . Both albums charted on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart . His first release was more successful with chartings on The Billboard 200 , Independent Albums , and R & B Albums charts .
Early life
Cortez was born in Houston , Texas on September 17 , 1985 , as Zacardi Renye Louis Cortez . His spiritual and music mentor , John P. Kee , was an influence upon his life , while they were touring together , and Kee even had Cortez featured on his album in 2005 , Live at the Fellowship . After this , Cortez joined in James Fortune 's band FIYA for a guest spot on The Transformation that was released in 2007 .
Music career
His music career got started in 2012 , with the release of The Introduction by Blacksmoke Records on May 22 , 2012 . This was his breakthrough release upon the Billboard magazine charts , with it placing on The Billboard 200 at No . 73 , Gospel Albums at No . 2 , Independent Albums at No . 16 , and R & B Albums at No . 8 . He released , REloaded , with WorldWide Records in 2014 , yet this only charted on the Gospel Albums at No . 10 . He performs on the single , `` It 's You ( A Love Song ) , '' which was released by Cheneta Jones .
Discography
Singles
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Houston
Songwriters from Texas
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Integrated Cargo Carrier ( ICC ) was a project , started in 1997 by the companies Spacehab and Airbus DS Space Systems ( formerly Astrium North America ) , to develop a family of flight proven and certified cross-the-bay cargo carriers designed to fly inside the Space Shuttle cargo bay , installed either horizontally or vertically , and able to carry up to 8000 lbs . of unpressurized cargo into orbit . Airbus owns the ICC fleet of carriers .
The ICC carriers flew on 12 Space Shuttle missions between 1999 and 2010 under NASA 's Cargo Mission Contract contributing to the construction , supply and maintenance of the International Space Station ( ISS ) , transporting more than 50 unpressurized cargo elements ( over 34,000 pounds ) into orbit and providing for permanent attachment of two External Stowage Platforms ( ESP-2 and ESP-3 ) to the ISS .
Airbus ' former Cape Canaveral integration facility , which was located at Astrotech 's processing facility ( formerly SPACEHAB Payload Processing Facility ( SPPF ) ) provided for the physical integration of cargoes to the ICC and subsequent transport to Kennedy Space Center for orbiter installation . Due to its modular design and versatility , options to adapt the ICC design to new commercial orbital space transportation vehicles exist .
Variations
Four types of ICC carriers have flown into orbit aboard the Space Shuttle :
ICC-G ( Generic )
The ICC-G is a horizontal cross-bay carrier consisting primarily of two components :
A riveted , aluminum grid-type pallet structure , called the Unpressurized Cargo Pallet ( UCP ) and
A keel yoke , called Keel Yoke Assembly ( KYA ) .
The UCP is the primary structural element of the ICC that provides structural support for payload items carried in the unpressurized volume of the Orbiter 's cargo bay . The ICC-G UCP 's dimensions are approx . 14 feet ( width ) × 8.5 feet ( length ) × 10 inches ( thick ) . Cargoes can be mounted on both faces of the UCP . The KYA is a U-shaped structure whose primary purpose is to transfer UCP loads to the Orbiter via longeron and keel trunnions . The KYA 's design allowed it to be installed under pressurized tunnel sections in the Orbiter payload bay , thereby allowing the ICC-G to be used in conjunction with a SPACEHAB pressurized module . The ICC-G flew on seven Space Shuttle missions : STS-96/2A.1 , STS-101/2A.2a , STS-106/2A.2b , STS-102/5A.1 , STS-105/7A.1 , STS-121/ULF1.1 and STS-116/12A.1 .
ICC-GD ( Generic Deployable )
The ICC-GD is the deployable version of the ICC-G . It consists of a UCP and a KYA ( same dimensions as for ICC-G ) , both outfitted with deployment hardware including grapple fixtures , scuff plates and a deployment kit to allow UCP separation from the KYA . The UCP is deployed while the KYA remains in the Orbiter cargo bay . On-orbit , the UCP can be removed from the Orbiter payload bay , used as a payload / experiment platform , and returned to the payload bay on the same or a subsequent flight . Two ICC-GDs were launched and permanently attached to the ISS as External Stowage Platforms , ESP-2 ( launched on STS-114/LF1 ) and ESP-3 ( launched on STS-118/13A.1 ) . Both ICC-GDs were deployed with Extra-vehicular activity ( EVA ) assistance via the orbiter 's and/or ISSs robotic arm ( Canadarm and Canadarm2 , respectively ) . The ESP-2 and ESP-3 provides electrical power to the ORUs while attached to the ISS via the ICC-GDs Power Distribution Unit ( PDU ) and power cable/PCAS ( Passive Common Attach System ) interface . The ICC-GD flew on the Shuttle missions STS-114/LF1 ( ESP-2 ) and STS-118/13A.1 ( ESP-3 ) .
ICC-L ( Light )
The ICC-L is the principal one half of an ICC-G , using the removable core section from the not-flown ICC-V ( Vertical ) rotated into a horizontal orientation and combining it with the KYA . The ICC-L flew once on STS-122/1E .
ICC-VLD ( Vertical Light Deployable )
The ICC-VLD is a derivative of the not-flown ICC-V. Due to the modular pallet design of the ICC-V which is composed of one central core section and two identical outer sections that bolt to the upper and lower edges of the core section , the ICC-VLD is converted from the octagonal-shaped ICC-V design by removing the top section and converted from a non-deployable configuration to a deployable configuration by adding a grapple fixture and scuff plates . The ICC-VLD flew on STS-127/2JA and STS-132/ULF4 . During both missions , the ICC-VLD was deployed from the orbiter 's cargo bay and transferred to the ISS via the orbiter 's robotic arm Canadarm and subsequent handover to the Space Station 's robotic arm Canadarm2 . While grappled to the Space Station 's robotic arm , the ICC-VLD 's cargo elements , called Orbital Replacement Units ORUs were transferred with Extra-vehicular activity ( EVA ) assistance to the respective locations on the ISS . The ICC-VLD provided heater power and electrical connections for the ORUs while inside the cargo bay or grappled by the robotic arm . Upon completion of ORU removal and replacement activities ( R & R ) , the ICC-VLDs were both berthed back into the orbiter and returned to earth . The ICC-VLD flew on the Shuttle missions STS-127/2JA and STS-132/ULF4 .
Cargo items were installed to the UCP either via the Passive FRAM ( Flight Releasable Attachment Mechanisms ) Adapter Plate ( PFRAM ) ( for ORUs ) or mounted directly to the UCP 's node hole or peripheral hole pattern . The general ICC design also incorporates avionic systems allowing for on-board data acquisition/processing/WLAN via integrated computer as well as power distribution for the cargoes via Power Distribution Unit ( PDU ) while installed on the ISS , on board a launch vehicle or grappled by a robotic arm .
ICC Flights
See also
External Stowage Platform
International Space Station
Space Shuttle
References
External links
Airbus DS Space Systems , Inc .
Airbus Space
NASA videos of ESP-2
shuttlepresskit.com
Components of the International Space Station
Lucius Octavius was a name used for men among the gens Octavia . Lucius was one of the four chief praenomina used by the Octavii , the other three being Gaius , Gnaeus and Marcus .
Lucius Octavius refers to men from several families of the gens Octavia :
Lucius Octavius ( Rufus ) , consul in 75 BC , son of Gnaeus Octavius the consul in 87 BC , frequently confounded with the jurist Lucius Octavius Balbus ;
Lucius Octavius Ligur , tribune of the Plebs in 82 BC with his brother , Marcus Octavius Ligur ;
Lucius Octavius , legate of Pompey during the war against the pirates in 67 BC ;
Lucius Octavius Naso , benefactor of Lucius Flavius , praetor designatus in 59 BC ;
Lucius Octavius Balbus , eminent legal scholar and judex in the time of Cicero ;
Lucius Octavius , detected in adultery by Gaius Memmius , and punished by him .
See also
Gaius Octavius ( disambiguation )
Gnaeus Octavius ( disambiguation )
Marcus Octavius ( disambiguation )
Octavii
Dunsland is a historic manor and former house in the parish of Bradford ( or Cookbury ) near Holsworthy in Devon , England . It was successively home to the Arscott , Bickford , Coham and Dickinson families and , although the ownership records are incomplete , it is very likely that the estate passed in an unbroken line from the time of the Norman Conquest until 1947 . The house was destroyed by fire in 1967 , just after extensive restoration by the National Trust .
Descent of the manor
A manor named Donesland in Devon appears in the Domesday Book , and is believed to refer to Dunsland . Before the Norman Conquest it was held by Wulfric , but in 1086 it was held by Cadio from Baldwin the Sheriff .
The 17th-century Devon historian Tristram Risdon stated that `` Dunsland now Dunskind '' , in the parish of Bradford , was held by Richard Cadiho in 1242 or 1243 , and remained held by the Cadiho family for eight generations . Risdon further stated that the last in the male line to live here was Robert Cadiho who left his lands to his daughter Thomazin . She was said to be the wife of John Daubernon , described as `` warden of the stannary , and of the fees of the duchy of Cornwall '' and who was `` chosen one of the knights for the shire '' in 1356 or 1357 .
Risdon states that the manor then passed to the Batten family and then via Philippa , the daughter and heir of Humphrey Batten , to the Arscot family of which , at the time he was writing , the owner was Arthur Arscot .
In his work The Visitations of the County of Devon of 1895 , J. L. Vivian set out a pedigree chart for the Arscotts of Dunsland . It starts with a John de Dunsland , passes through the Cade and Dabarnon families to the Battyn family , of which Humphry Battyn ( died 15 November 1522 ) was the last . Vivian states that Humphry Battyn left his lands to his daughter Philippa and her husband John Arscott ( died 1 May 1563 ) who was a lawyer of the Inner Temple , the son and heir of John Arscott ( died 1541 ) of Arscott by his wife Margerie Floyer .
Vivian 's pedigree shows that the estate descended through the Arscott family via Humphrey ( died 1580 ) and John ( died 1623 ) until 1662 when the death of Arthur Arscott without male progeny resulted in it eventually passing to his second daughter Grace , the widow of William Bickford of Bickford Town , Plympton St Mary who had died in 1659 . Grace Bickford lived until 1686 and her son and heir was Arscott Bickford ( died 1693 ) , who enlarged and embellished the house which then mainly dated from about 1500 with additions made in the mid-16th century and in 1609 . It then became one of the finest houses in North Devon , and survived almost unchanged until its destruction in 1967 .
Arscott Bickford married three times and was succeeded by William , the eldest son of his third wife , Bridget . William also married three times and was succeeded on his death in 1740 by his son from his second marriage , named Arscott like his grandfather . On Arscott 's death in 1771 his brother George was the successor to the estate and on George 's death in 1795 it passed to his son , another Arscott . This third Arscott was said to have been a gambler and lost much of the family 's money . He died childless in 1817 and the estate passed to his sister , Mary , who was married to Rev William Holland Coham , of Coham , Devon ( died 1825 ) .
William Coham 's son , William Bickford Coham ( died 1843 ) inherited the estate , as did his grandson in turn , William Holland Bickford Coham ( died 1880 ) . The grandson died childless and the estate passed to his sister Augusta who married Major Harvey Dickinson ( died 1901 ) of the British Indian Madras Army . Her son Arscott Harvey Dickinson , said to have been the 29th owner in direct succession , sold the estate in 1947 , having been unsuccessful in his struggle to keep the mansion house in good repair .
Fate of the house
The house with part of its estate was purchased at auction by a London speculator Mr de Savoury who was interested in the timber in the woodlands . It was then bought by Philip Tilden , an architect who attempted to restore the house , a job that remained incomplete on his death in 1954 . His widow sold the property with 92 acres to the National Trust in the same year .
The National Trust spent an enormous sum on restoring the house and let it tenant guardians . During the night of 17 November 1967 the house was destroyed by fire , with the walls left standing in such a precarious state that the decision was taken to demolish the whole structure and to fill up the basement with the rubble and level the site . Today , the land is still owned by the National Trust and it is maintained as a park with some features of the old estate still visible .
Points of interest
The Dunsland estate features numerous points of interest including :
The gate pillars to Dunsland House ( SS 4160 0520 ) were listed on 26 January 1989 and have the English Heritage Building ID of 91576 . The pillars are made of stone ashlar , used in decreasing size towards the top . It is thought the pillars date from the 17th century remodelling of the house
Cadihos Well ( SS 4110 0530 ) is a well of medieval origin well . Records show Dunsland to have been held by Baldwin by Cadiho in 1086 and it remained in the Cadiho family until 1428 when the male line died out . The well is shown in the British and Irish Archaeological Bibliography to be of medieval origin ( 1066-1540 ) .
The remains of the moat and fish stock pond located at SS 4105 0530 are the location where locally caught fish are likely to have been caught prior for use in the main house . The site , south west of Bramble Wood most likely show the site of the medieval manor house that was once at Dunsland before the early Tudor rebuilding on a new site .
Although the main house was destroyed by fire , the kitchen garden , wall and engine house remain . SS 0290 0510
Coach House ( SS 4085 0510 ) : Along with the old stable , the coach house also remains following the devastating fire that swept through Dunsland in 1967 .
An ancient duck decoy pond remains at the location SS 4080 0545 . Decoy ponds have arms covered with nets into which wild birds were allured then caught . The decoy pond at Dunsland is an Unscheduled Ancient Monument .
Chestnut Avenue ( SS 4075 0505 ) : The grounds of Dunsland House are home to several 700 year old sweet chestnut trees .
References
Sources
Risdon , Tristram ( d.1640 ) , Survey of Devon , 1811 edition , London , 1811 , p. 250
Vivian , Lt.Col . J.L. , ( Ed . ) The Visitations of the County of Devon , Comprising the Heralds ' Visitations of 1531 , 1564 & 1620 . 2 vols , Exeter , 1895 .
Further reading
Country houses in Devon
Former manors in Devon
National Trust properties in Devon
Ana María Noé ( 1914 – 9 July 1970 ) was a Spanish actress .
Biography
Ana María Noé began her artistic career in Barcelona and began to gain prominence after the Spanish Civil War . By 1940 she had her own company with which she performed Lo increíble ( 1940 ) , ( 1941 ) , and ( 1942 ) , all by Jacinto Benavente and Enric Guitart .
In 1942 she premiered Time and the Conways by J . B. Priestley in Spain , at Teatro María Guerrero , followed by with at the Teatro Español , Hay una mujer de diferencia ( 1944 ) , and ( 1945 ) . In the early 1950s she joined the company of the Teatro Español , under the direction of José Tamayo , and premiered great literary plays such as by Georges Bernanos ( 1954 ) , Six Characters in Search of an Author by Pirandello ( 1955 ) , by Diego Fabbri ( 1956 ) , The Crucible by Arthur Miller ( 1956 ) , The Diary of Anne Frank ( 1957 ) , Requiem for a Nun by William Faulkner ( 1957 ) , Don Juan Tenorio by José Zorrilla ( 1958 ) , and by Antonio Buero Vallejo ( 1958 ) . In the early 1960s she left the Teatro Español , but maintained her theatrical activity with hits such as Long Day 's Journey into Night by Eugene O'Neill ( 1960 ) , La dama del alba by Alejandro Casona ( 1962 ) , and by ( 1964 ) .
She debuted in the cinema and acted in 20 films , some of them Spaghetti Westerns in the 1960s . In that decade she also had a prominent presence on television , with appearances on shows such as and Estudio 1 .
Filmography
References
External links
1914 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Spanish actresses
People from Palma de Mallorca
Spanish film actresses
Spanish television actresses
Spanish stage actresses
The yellowish white-eye ( Zosterops nigrorum ) or golden-yellow white-eye , is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to the Philippines .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
yellowish white-eye
Endemic birds of the Philippines
yellowish white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Papa Raui Pokoati ( 1911 – 25 March 1981 ) was a Cook Islands politician . He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly for his home island of Mitiaro between 1965 and 1978 .
Biography
Pokoati was born on Mitiaro in 1911 , the son of one of the island 's three Ariki . He attended the local London Missionary Society school and went on to become a poultry farmer , planter and a pastor for the Cook Islands Christian Church . He was employed by the Department of Agriculture .
In 1964 Pokoati was a founder member of the Cook Islands Party ( CIP ) and part of its central committee . Although he had lived on Rarotonga for several years , he was elected to the Legislative Assembly from Mitiaro in 1965 , defeating his cousin Titi Tetava Ariki . In mid-1966 he was appointed Assistant to the Minister of Economic Development . He was re-elected unopposed in 1968 and 1972 .
Pokoati was re-elected again in 1974 , but prior to the 1978 elections he left the CIP , establishing the Unity Party . He lost the election to David Tetava of the CIP . When Tetava 's victory was annulled , Titi Tetava Ariki was elected .
In 1977 , Pokoati was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal .
He died in March 1981 in Rarotonga hospital at the age of 69 , survived by his wife and nine children .
References
1911 births
1981 deaths
20th-century politicians
Cook Island farmers
Cook Island clergy
Cook Island civil servants
Members of the Parliament of the Cook Islands
Cook Islands Party politicians
People from Mitiaro
The Yurkharovskoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug . It was discovered in 1970 and developed by Novatek . It began production in 2003 and produces natural gas and condensates . The total proven reserves of the Yurkharovskoye gas field are around 15.431 trillion cubic feet ( 437×109 m³ ) , and production is slated to be around 3.3 billion cubic feet/day ( 93×106 m³ ) in 2010 .
As of 2013 Novatek and its partners TotalEnergies and the China National Petroleum Corporation are building a liquefied natural gas plant with 3 LNG trains , Yamal LNG , which expected to produce its first LNG in early 2017 . Continued shrinkage of Arctic sea ice is anticipated to enable use of the Northern Sea Route to ship LNG to China . Export of gas is contingent on modification of the gas export monopoly held by Gazprom .
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
The Crazy Family ( Swedish : Snurriga familjen ) is a 1940 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Thor Modéen , Elsa Carlsson and Åke Söderblom . It was shot at the Råsunda Studios in Stockholm . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Arne Åkermark . It marked the film debut of the future star Viveca Lindfors .
Cast
Thor Modéen as Direktör Blom
Elsa Carlsson as Fru Laura Blom
Åke Söderblom as Unge herr Blom
Eivor Landström as Fröken Blom
Allan Bohlin as John
Annalisa Ericson as Fröken Stålhammar
Eric Abrahamsson as Portier Svensson
Carl Barcklind s Direktör Bergsten
Åke Engfeldt as Direktör Rosén
Viveca Lindfors as Lisa
Carin Swensson as Restaurant Guest
Anna-Lisa Baude as Emilia Orre
Viran Rydkvist as Cook
Elsa Ebbesen as Mrs. Pihl
Ingrid Foght as Hotel Guest
Maj-Britt Håkansson as Hotel Guest
John Botvid as Pettersson
Rolf Botvid as Göran Welander
Artur Cederborgh as Night Porter
Ragnar Widestedt as Broden
Artur Rolén as Nilsson
Arne Lindblad as Hotel Guest
Bertil Unger as Hotel Guest / Dancer
Gustaf Unger as Hotel Guest / Dancer
References
Bibliography
Qvist , Per Olov & von Bagh , Peter . Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland . Greenwood Publishing Group , 2000 .
External links
1940 films
Swedish comedy films
1940 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Pennsylvania 's 26th congressional district was one of Pennsylvania 's districts of the United States House of Representatives .
List of representatives
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
26
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1875
1875 establishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies disestablished in 1973
1973 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Sarre Windmill is a Grade II listed smock mill in Sarre , Kent , England , that was built in 1820 . Formerly restored and working commercially , the mill is now closed .
History
Sarre windmill was built in 1820 by the Canterbury millwright John Holman . It was said to have been moved from Monkton , but it is more likely to have had some machinery from that mill included in its construction . It was marked on the 1819-43 Ordnance Survey map . Sarre mill was originally built with a single-storey brick base , but in 1856 the base was raised to high , with an extra storey built under it . Sarre mill was the first windmill in Kent to have a steam engine installed as auxiliary power . This was added in 1861 . The mill was worked by wind until 1920 , when the sails were taken down , and installed on the Union Mill , Cranbrook and a gas engine was fitted . The mill worked for a few years longer powered by the gas engine , but had ceased milling by the early 1930s . The mill was recommissioned in the late 1930s , again powered by the gas engine , before finally stopping in 1940 as the engine had been damaged by frost in the severe winter that year . The mill was used as an observation post during the Second World War . The mill remained semi-derelict until 1986 , when restoration was started , being completed in 1991 . The mill is currently closed as of .
Description
Sarre windmill is a three-storey smock mill on a two-storey brick base . It has four double patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft . The mill is winded by a fantail . The Brake Wheel is a composite one , with iron arms and a wooden rim . This drives a cast-iron Wallower . The Great Spur Wheel is also of cast iron . The mill drives two pairs of millstones , overdrift .
Millers
Thomas Holman 1845 - 1862
George Thomas Steddy 1878
Ebenezer Wood 1880 - 1883
Hogben
Gambrill - 1940
Malcolm Hobbs 1991 -
Robert Hobbs 1991 -
References for above : -
In Popular Culture
For Bread Week of Season 1 of The Great British Bake Off , the tent was pitched near the windmill .
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill .
Local tourism information on Sarre Windmill
Hoseasons Sarre Windmill holiday cottage
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Smock mills in England
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Windmills completed in 1820
Museums in Thanet District
Mill museums in England
Octagonal buildings in the United Kingdom
Tiandong North is a railway station in Tiandong County , Baise , Guangxi , China . It was built in 2015 and opened on 11 December that year as part of the Nanning–Baise section of the Nanning–Kunming high-speed railway . It is the newer of the two railway stations in Tiandong County , the other being Tiandong railway station .
References
Railway stations in Guangxi
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
Stations on the Nanning–Kunming high-speed railway
Fulminating silver is a historic name which may apply to a number of silver based explosives which `` fulminate '' or detonate easily and violently . It has no exact chemical or dictionary definition , however it may refer to :
silver fulminate ( which , confusingly , is the only `` fulminating silver '' to be a silver compound with the fulminate anion )
silver azide , AgN3
a mixture , a decomposition product of Tollens ' reagent
silver nitride , Ag3N - one of the earliest silver based explosives
the alchemical substance `` Argentum Fulminans ''
The stability of many of these compounds can vary depending on how they are stored or handled , with levels of hydration often being a major factor .
References
Fulminates
Silver compounds
Charles L. Peterson ( April 5 , 1927 – June 2 , 2022 ) , also known as Chick Peterson , was an American artist known for watercolor paintings and for maritime artwork . He was also known for painting ghosts that are not in watercolor , but were placed within otherwise watercolor paintings .
Peterson graduated from Elgin High School in 1945 and attended the American Academy of Art College in Chicago and Marietta College in Ohio . After serving in the navy in the South Pacific , he was a professor at Concord University in West Virginia and also was a faculty member at Marietta College . He worked in the limited edition print industry .
After retiring from the limited edition print industry , Peterson continued to paint daily and designed work specifically for reproduction . He also worked on commission for private or corporate interests . Peterson died on June 2 , 2022 , at his home in Ephraim .
Publications
Of Time and Place ( White Door Publishing Co. , 1994 )
Reflections ( White Door Publishing Co. , 2001 )
Exhibition
Anderson Housework Bench in Ephraim , Door County , Wisconsin
Cottage Row Framing and Gallery in Fish Creek , Door County , Wisconsin
Maritime Gallery at Mystic Seaport in Mystic , Connecticut
Example of Peterson 's work
References
Sources
External links
Charles L. Petersion Biography – Country Art
Charles L. Peterson Bio and Prints – Prints.com
Recent Art Show – Cottage Row Gallery
Charles L. Peterson Biography – Christ Centered Art
Charles L. Peterson Biography – Mapleleaf Gallery
Charles L. Peterson – Fine Art at World Wide Art
Charles L. Peterson , Hall of Honor Award – Marietta College
Portrait photograph of Peterson in 2020 , markkauzlarich.com
An Uncommon Father 's Day Journey for a Merganser Family by Roy and Charlotte Lukes , Peninsula Pulse July 2 , 2009
1927 births
2022 deaths
Artists from Illinois
Artists from Wisconsin
People from Door County , Wisconsin
People from Elgin , Illinois
Thambiah ( ) is a Tamil male given name . Due to the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females .
Notable people
Given name
Stanley Jeyaraja Tambiah ( 1929–2014 ) , Ceylonese social anthropologist
Surname
Alfred Thambiayah ( born 1903 ) , Ceylonese businessman and politician
H. D. Thambiah ( 1926–1992 ) , Ceylonese lawyer and judge
H. W. Thambiah ( 1906–1997 ) , Ceylonese academic , diplomat , lawyer and judge
Leaena Tambyah ( born 1937 ) , Singaporean special education advocate
R. R. Crossette-Thambiah , Ceylonese lawyer
Thambiah Ahambaram ( 1913–1962 ) , Ceylonese politician
Tambyah Murugaser ( 1924–1994 ) , Sri Lankan sportsman and sports administrator
Thambiah Nadaraja ( 1917–2004 ) , Sri Lankan lawyer and academic
Thambiah Pathmanathan ( born 1956 ) , Singaporean footballer
Thambaiyah Mudaliyar Sabaratnam ( 1895–1966 ) , Ceylonese lawyer and politician
Winslow Thambiah Ivers Alagaratnam ( 1895–1977 ) , Ceylonese civil engineer
See also
Tamil masculine given names
A Long Road Home is the 2002 concept album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury , released on his Mountain Retreat label . The album was recorded while Newbury was receiving full-time oxygen treatments for emphysema . The concept album is notable for its two ten-minute plus songs `` In '59 '' and `` A Long Road Home , '' new songs `` Where Are You Darlin ' Tonight '' and `` So Sad , '' and a new version of `` Here Comes The Rain , Baby '' one of Newbury 's early songwriting successes ( a hit for Eddy Arnold ) that he first recorded for his debut Harlequin Melodies . This was the last studio album Newbury released in his lifetime .
Track listing
All songs written by Mickey Newbury
`` In '59 '' – 11:20
`` I Do n't Love You '' – 2:05
`` The Last Question ( In The Dead Of The Night ) '' – 5:57
`` Here Comes The Rain , Baby '' - 3:03
`` One More Song Of Hearts And Flowers '' – 5:40
`` A Moment With Heather '' – 0:34
`` Where Are You Darlin ' Tonight '' – 4:43
`` So Sad '' – 6:00
`` Maybe '' – 4:33
`` A Long Road Home '' – 10:01
`` 116 Westfield Street '' – 5:22
Personnel
John Catchings – cello
Vic Clay – acoustic guitar
David Davidson – violin
Bill Graham ( strings musician ) – fiddle , mandolin
David Hoffner – synthesizer
David Huntsinger – piano
Liza Martin – background vocals
Matt McKenzie – electric bass , upright bass
Craig Nelson – upright bass
Mickey Newbury – guitar , sound effects , vocals
Jack Williams – guitar
Credits
Martin Hall – engineer
Owsley Manier – graphic design , design
Michael McDonald – sound effects , mastering , post production
Robert Rosemurgy – executive producer
Paula Wolak – producer , engineer , mixing
References
External links
No Depression
Mickey Newbury
Mickey Newbury albums
2002 albums
Eric Patrick Nicol ( December 28 , 1919 – February 2 , 2011 ) was a Canadian writer , best known as a longtime humour columnist for the Vancouver , British Columbia newspaper The Province . He also published over 40 books , both original works and compilations of his humour columns , and won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour three times .
Early life
Nicol was born on December 28 , 1919 in Kingston , Ontario . In 1921 his family relocated to British Columbia . Nicol attended Lord Byng Secondary School and the University of British Columbia , where he studied French . In 1941 , he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the university .
Following military service in the Second World War , Nicol returned to the University of British Columbia and earned a Master of Arts degree . He then studied at the Sorbonne in France , and lived in London , England for a few years writing comedy for the BBC .
In 1951 he returned to Vancouver , where for several decades he served as a regular columnist for city 's newspaper The Province . He also wrote numerous radio comedy plays for CBC Radio .
Nicol lived in Vancouver until his death on February 2 , 2011 . He was married to writer Mary Razzell , and had three children with his first wife , Myrl Nicol .
Awards and recognition
1951 : winner , Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour The Roving I
1956 : winner , Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour Shall We Join the Ladies ?
1958 : winner , Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour Girdle Me a Globe
1999 : finalist , Hubert Evans Non-Fiction Prize , Anything for a Laugh : Memoirs
2000 : appointed Member of the Order of Canada
Bibliography
1947 : Sense and Nonsense ( Ryerson )
1950 : The Roving I ( Ryerson )
1953 : Twice Over Lightly , illustrator James Simpkins ( Ryerson )
1955 : Shall We Join the Ladies ? , illustrator James Simpkins ( Ryerson )
1957 : Girdle Me a Globe , illustrator James Simpkins ( Ryerson )
1959 : In Darkest Domestica , illustrator James Simpkins ( Ryerson )
1961 : with Peter Whalley , Say , Uncle : A Completely Uncalled-for History of the U.S. ( Harper )
1962 : compilation , A Herd of Yaks : The Best of Eric Nicol ( Ryerson )
1963 : with Peter Whalley , Russia , Anyone ? : A Completely Uncalled-for History of the USSR ( Harper and Row )
1963 : Twice Over Lightly ( Ryerson )
1964 : Space Age Go Home ! ( Ryerson )
1965 : ( An Uninhibited ) History of Canada , illustrator Peter Whalley ( Musson )
1968 reissue ( Musson )
1966 : with Peter Whalley , 100 Years of What ? ( Ryerson )
1968 : A Scar is Born ( Ryerson )
1970 : Vancouver ( Doubleday )
1978 reissue : Vancouver ( Doubleday )
1971 : Do n't Move : Renovate Your House and Make Social Contacts ( McClelland )
1972 : The Clam Made a Face ( Firebrand )
1972 : compilation edited by Alan Walker , Still a Nicol : the Best of Eric Nicol ( McGraw-Hill Ryerson )
1973 : Beware the Quickly Who ( Playwrights Co-op )
1973 : One Man 's Media and How to Write for Them ( Holt , Rinehart and Winston )
1974 : Letters to my Son , illustrator Roy Peterson ( Macmillan )
1975 : with Peter Whalley , There 's a Lot of it Going Around ( Doubleday )
1975 : Three Plays : Like Father Like Fun , Pillar of Sand , The Fourth Monkey ( Talonbooks )
1977 : with Peter Whalley , Canada , Cancelled Because of Lack of Interest ( Hurtig )
1978 : with Dave More , The Joy of Hockey ( Hurtig )
1980 : with Dave More , The Joy of Football ( Hurtig )
1982 : with Dave More , Golf , the Agony and the Ecstasy ( Hurtig )
1983 : Canadide : A Patriotic Satire ( Macmillan )
1984 : with Dave More , Tennis It Serves You Right ( Hurtig )
1985 : How to -- ! : How to be Smarter , Slimmer , Happier , Richer , Sexier—and so Successful that You 'll Never Need Another How-To Book ( Macmillan )
1986 : with Dave More , The U.S. or Us : What 's the Difference , eh ? ( Hurtig )
1989 : Dickens of the Mounted : The Astounding Lost-Long Letters of Inspector F. Dickens , NWMP , 1874–1886 ( McClelland and Stewart )
1992 : Back Talk : A Book for Bad Back Sufferers and Those Who Love ( Put Up With ) Them , illustrator Graham Pilsworth ( McClelland and Stewart )
1996 : Skiing is Believing ( Johnson Gorman )
1998 : Anything for a Laugh : Memoirs , autobiography ( Harbour )
1999 : When Nature Calls : Life at a Gulf Island Cottage ( Harbour )
2001 : The Casanova Sexicon : A Manual for Liberated Men ( Ronsdale )
2003 : with Peter Whalley , Canadian Politics Unplugged ( Dundurn Press )
2004 : Old Is In : A Guide for Aging Boomers ( Dundurn Press )
2010 : Script Tease - A Wordsmith 's Waxings on Life and Writing ( Dundurn Press )
References
External links
Harbour Publishing : Eric Nicol
BC Book World : Eric Nicol
1919 births
2011 deaths
University of Paris alumni
20th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
Members of the Order of Canada
University of British Columbia alumni
Writers from Kingston , Ontario
Writers from Vancouver
Stephen Leacock Award winners
Canadian male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Canadian male writers
Winter is the second EP released by Jon Foreman , frontman of the San Diego rock band Switchfoot . The EP was released on Tuesday , January 15 , 2008 , as either a digital download or as a physical copy packaged with the Fall EP in a double-disc set .
Sound
Stylistically , this EP reflects a more experimental side to Foreman 's songwriting . Whereas the Fall EP displayed a more straightforward approach musically , experimentation on Winter is much more evident . `` White as Snow '' toys with a slightly eastern influenced sound , while `` In Love '' carries a very oriental , and near-mantric feel—both new concepts in Foreman 's music . The feel of the album is indeed much more 'wintry ' , reflecting the dead of wintertime .
Commercial performance
The Fall & Winter CD combo debuted on the Billboard Top Heatseeker 's chart at No . 24 .
In popculture
`` Behind Your Eyes '' appeared in an episode of the TV Show , One Tree Hill
Track listing
References
2008 EPs
Jon Foreman albums
The Minister of Finance of Tuvalu heads the Ministry of Finance of Tuvalu .
Ministers of Finance
Toalipi Lauti , 1977–1981
Henry Naisali , 1981–1986
Kitiseni Lopati , 1987–1989
Alesana Seluka , 1989–1993
Koloa Talake , 1994–1996
Alesana Seluka , 1996–1999
Lagitupu Tuilimu , 1999–2001
Saufatu Sopoanga , 2001–2002
Bikenibeu Paeniu , 2002–2006
Lotoala Metia , 2006–2010
Monise Laafai , 2010
Lotoala Metia , 2010–2012
Maatia Toafa , 2013–2019
Seve Paeniu , 2019–
See also
Economy of Tuvalu
National Bank of Tuvalu
References
External links
Ministry of Finance
Government of Tuvalu
Government ministers of Tuvalu
Economy of Tuvalu
MacDonald George Becket ( November 2 , 1928 - December 7 , 2017 ) was an American architect . He was the president , and later chairman and CEO of Welton Becket and Associates , an architectural firm in Los Angeles , California . He helped master plan Century City and restore the California State Capitol . He was made a fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1974 .
References
1928 births
2017 deaths
University of Southern California alumni
Architects from Los Angeles
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
20th-century American architects
21st-century American architects
Yog Sandesh is a monthly magazine published in India .
History and profile
The Yog Sandesh was first published in September 2003 . The magazine is published by the Divya Yog Mandir Trust . It covers yoga , pranayama , ayurveda , culture , rituals and spirituality . The magazine published in fourteen languages , including English , Gujrati , Marathi , Punjabi , Bengali , Oriya , Assamese , Nepali , Kannada and Telugu . It has a monthly readership of more than a million in India and abroad . This magazine is inspired by Baba Ramdev and the editor of this magazine is Acharya Balkrishna .
References
External links
Official website
Monthly magazines published in India
Magazines about spirituality
Magazines established in 2003
Multilingual magazines
Ibram Xolani Kendi ( born Ibram Henry Rogers , August 13 , 1982 ) is an American author , professor , anti-racist activist , and historian of race and discriminatory policy in America . In July 2020 , he assumed the position of director of the Center for Antiracist Research at Boston University .
Kendi was included in Time 's 100 Most Influential People of 2020 .
Early life and education
Kendi was born in the Jamaica neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens , to middle-class parents , Carol Rogers , a former business analyst for a health-care organization , and Larry Rogers , a tax accountant and then hospital chaplain . Both of his parents are now retired and work as Methodist ministers . He has an older brother , Akil .
From third to eighth grade , Kendi attended private Christian schools in Queens . After attending John Bowne High School as a freshman , at age 15 , Kendi moved with his family to Manassas , Virginia in 1997 and attended Stonewall Jackson High School for his final three years of high school , from which he graduated in 2000 .
In 2005 , Kendi received dual B.S . degrees in African American Studies and magazine production from Florida A & M University . In 2007 , Kendi earned an M.A . and in 2010 a Ph.D. in African American Studies from Temple University . Kendi 's dissertation was titled `` The Black Campus Movement : An Afrocentric Narrative History of the Struggle to Diversify Higher Education , 1965-1972 '' . His advisor was Ama Mazama .
Career
Teaching
From 2008 to 2012 , Kendi was an assistant professor of history in the department of Africana and Latino Studies within the department of history at State University of New York at Oneonta . From 2012 to 2015 , Kendi was an assistant professor of Africana Studies in the department of Africana Studies as well as the department of history at University at Albany , SUNY . During this time , from 2013 to 2014 , Kendi was a visiting scholar in the department of Africana Studies at Brown University , where he taught courses as a visiting assistant professor in the fall of 2014 .
From 2015 to 2017 , Kendi was an assistant professor at the University of Florida history department 's African American Studies program .
In 2017 , Kendi became a professor of history and international relations at the College of Arts and Sciences ( CAS ) and School of International Service ( SIS ) at American University in Washington , D.C . In September 2017 , Kendi founded the Antiracist Research and Policy Center at American University , serving as its executive director . In June 2020 , it was announced that Kendi would join Boston University as a professor of history . Upon accepting the position , Kendi agreed to move the Antiracist Research and Policy Center at American University to Boston University , where he will serve as the founding director of the Boston University Center for Antiracist Research .
During the 2020–2021 academic year , Kendi served as the Frances B. Cashin Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University .
Writing
Kendi has published essays in both books and academic journals , including The Journal of African American History , Journal of Social History , Journal of Black Studies , Journal of African American Studies , and The Sixties : A Journal of History , Politics and Culture . Kendi is also a contributing writer at The Atlantic .
He is the author of six books :
The Black Campus Movement : Black Students and the Racial Reconstitution of Higher Education , 1965–1972
Stamped from the Beginning : The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America
How to Be an Antiracist
STAMPED : Racism , Antiracism , and You
Antiracist Baby
How to Raise an Antiracist
In 2016 , Kendi won the National Book Award for Nonfiction for Stamped from the Beginning , which was published by Nation Books . He was the youngest author to ever win the prize . Titled after an 1860 speech given by Jefferson Davis at the U.S. Senate , the book builds around the stories of historical figures Cotton Mather , Thomas Jefferson , William Lloyd Garrison , and W.E.B . Du Bois , as well as the current figure , Angela Davis .
How to Be an Antiracist
A New York Times # 1 Best Seller in 2020 , How to Be an Antiracist is Kendi 's most popular work thus far . Professor Jeffrey C. Stewart called it the `` most courageous book to date on the problem of race in the Western mind '' . Afua Hirsch praised the book 's introspection and wrote that it was relatable in the context of ongoing political events . In contrast , Andrew Sullivan wrote that the book 's arguments were simplistic and criticized Kendi 's idea of transferring government oversight to an unelected Department of Antiracism . Kelefa Sanneh noted Kendi 's `` sacred fervor '' in battling racism , but wondered if his definition of racism was so capacious and outcome-dependent as to risk losing its power . John McWhorter criticized the book as being simple , and challenged Kendi 's claim that all racial disparities are necessarily due to racism .
The Emancipator
In 2021 , he founded The Emancipator with Bina Venkataraman of The Boston Globe .
Honors and awards
2016 : National Book Award for Nonfiction , Stamped from the Beginning : The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America — National Book Foundation .
2019 : Guggenheim Fellowship , U.S. History — John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation
2019 : 15th most influential African American between 25 and 45 years old according to The Root 100
2020 : Frances B. Cashin Fellowship , the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study — Harvard University
2020 : Time 100 list of Most Influential People
2021 : MacArthur Fellowship
2021 : Museum of African American History Living Legends award - The Garrison Silver Cup .
Political commentary
Policy changes vs racism education
Kendi argues that policy outcomes are central in measuring and effecting racial equity . He has said , `` All along we 've been trying to change people , when we really need to change policies . '' When speaking in November 2020 to the Alliance for Early Success , Kendi was asked if that even means abiding racist behavior and attitudes if it leads to winning an antiracist policy . Kendi answered with a definitive yes . `` I want things to change for millions of people – millions of children – as opposed to trying to change one individual person . ''
COVID-19 and George Floyd protests
On May 27 , 2020 , Kendi appeared before the United States House Committee on Ways and Means about the disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on African Americans , saying : `` This is the racial pandemic within the viral pandemic '' .
Kendi has been a long-time outspoken critic of police killings of black men and women . In 2020 , speaking to The New York Times after How to Be an Antiracist saw renewed interest during the George Floyd protests , Kendi called the mood in the United States during the protests `` a signature , significant distinct moment of people striving to be antiracist '' .
Before the protests , Kendi published a proposal for a constitutional amendment in the U.S. to establish and fund the Department of Anti-Racism ( DOA ) . This department would be responsible for `` preclearing all local , state and federal public policies to ensure they wo n't yield racial inequity , monitor those policies , investigate and be empowered with disciplinary tools to wield over and against policymakers and public officials who do not voluntarily change their racist policy and ideas '' .
Comments on Amy Coney Barrett 's children
Kendi provoked controversy when he tweeted about the relationship between Amy Coney Barrett , President Donald Trump 's third Supreme Court nominee , and two of her seven children , who had been adopted from an orphanage in Haiti . Kendi said : Some White colonizers 'adopted ' Black children . They 'civilized ' these 'savage ' children in the 'superior ' ways of White people , while using them as props in their lifelong pictures of denial , while cutting the biological parents of these children out of the picture of humanity . And whether this is Barrett or not is not the point . It is a belief too many White people have : if they have or adopt a child of color , then they ca n't be racist . His remarks were interpreted as criticizing interracial adoption . A substantial backlash against Kendi ensued . He later said his comments were taken out of context and that he does not believe that white parents of black children are inherently racist .
Personal life
In 2013 , Kendi married Sadiqa Edmonds Kendi , a pediatric emergency medicine physician , in Jamaica . Both sets of parents participated in a symbolic sand ceremony . The wedding ceremony ended with a naming ceremony of their new last name , `` Kendi '' , which means `` the loved one '' in the language of the Meru people of Kenya . Kendi changed his middle name to Xolani , a Xhosa and Zulu word for `` peace '' .
In January 2018 , a colonoscopy indicated that Kendi had cancer . A further test revealed that he had stage 4 colon cancer that had spread into his liver . After six months of chemotherapy and surgery that summer , Kendi was declared cancer free .
Kendi has been a vegan since at least 2015 .
Selected works and publications
Books
2012 . The Black Campus Movement : Black Students and the Racial Reconstitution of Higher Education , 1965-1972 . New York : Palgrave Macmillan . . .
2016 . Stamped from the Beginning : The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America . New York : Nation Books . . .
2019 . How to Be An Antiracist . New York : One World . . .
2020 . STAMPED : Racism , Antiracism , and You , with Jason Reynolds . New York : Little , Brown and Company . . .
2020 . Antiracist Baby , illustrated by Ashley Lukashevsky . New York : Kokila . . .
2021 . Four Hundred Souls : A Community History of African America , 1619–2019 , edited with Keisha N. Blain . New York : One World . .
2022 . How to Raise an Antiracist . New York : One World . . .
2022 . Goodnight Racism . New York : Kokila . . .
Selected academic papers
2008 . `` Required Service-Learning Courses : A Disciplinary Necessity to Preserve the Decaying Social Mission of Black Studies '' ( as Ibram Rogers ) . Journal of Black Studies 40 ( 6 ) :1119–35 . . .
2014 . `` Nationalizing Resistance : Race and New York in the 20th Century '' . New York History 95 ( 4 ) :537–42 . . .
2018 July 15 . `` Black Doctoral Studies : The Radically Antiracist Idea of Molefi Kete Asante '' . Journal of Black Studies 49 ( 6 ) :542–58 . . .
2019 December . `` There is no such thing as race in health-care algorithms [ PDF ] '' . The Lancet Digital Health 1 ( 8 ) : e375 . .
Selected publications
2016 January 22 . `` Reclaiming MLK 's Unspeakable Nightmare : The Progression of Racism in America '' . Black Perspectives . African American Intellectual History Society ( AAIHS ) .
2016 April 8 . `` An Intellectual History of a Book Title : Stamped from the Beginning '' . Black Perspectives . AAIHS .
2017 July 2 . `` Analysis : The Civil Rights Act was a victory against racism . But racists also won '' . The Washington Post .
2017 November 13 . `` Perspective : Trump sounds ignorant of history . But racist ideas often masquerade as ignorance '' . The Washington Post .
2018 January 13 . `` Opinion : The Heartbeat of Racism Is Denial '' . The New York Times .
2018 December 6 . `` This is what an antiracist America would look like . How do we get there ? '' . The Guardian .
2019 January 10 . `` What I Learned From Cancer '' . The Atlantic .
2019 June 19 . `` There Is No Middle Ground on Reparations '' . The Atlantic .
2020 May 4 . `` We 're Still Living and Dying in the Slaveholders ' Republic '' . The Atlantic .
2020 June 1 . `` The American Nightmare '' . The Atlantic .
2021 July 9 . `` There Is No Debate Over Critical Race Theory '' . The Atlantic .
Video recordings
2016 December 16 . `` Commencement Speech : Are you an intellectual ? '' University of Florida .
2018 February 8 . `` Prof. Ibram X. Kendi : Stamped From the Beginning : The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America '' [ 1:28:57 ] . National History Center , American Historical Association . via YouTube .
2018 May 18 . `` MLTalks : Ibram X. Kendi in conversation with Danielle Wood '' [ 1:35:00 ] . MIT Media Labs . via YouTube .
2019 June 26 . `` How to be an Antiracist '' [ 54:53 ] . Aspen Ideas Festival . Aspen , CO : The Aspen Institute . via YouTube .
2019 September 18 . `` Ibram X. Kendi on How to be an Antiracist , at UC Berkeley | # 400Years '' [ 2:04:29 ] . Othering & Belonging Institute , UC Berkeley . via YouTube .
References
External links
BU Center for Antiracist Research at Boston University
Ibram X. Kendi at The Atlantic
1982 births
Living people
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Black studies scholars
American anti-racism activists
American University faculty and staff
Brown University faculty
Florida A & M University alumni
Historians from New York ( state )
Journalists from New York City
People from Jamaica , Queens
People from Manassas , Virginia
Temple University alumni
Writers from Queens , New York
Historians from Virginia
American male non-fiction writers
MacArthur Fellows
Istres Provence Handball is a handball club from Istres , France . Currently , Istres Provence Handball competes in the French First League of Handball .
Crest , colours , supporters
Naming history
Kits
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Technical staff
Head Coach : Gilles Derot
Transfers
Transfers for the 2022–23 season :
Joining
Xoan Ledo ( GK ) ( from Bidasoa Irún )
Alejandro Márquez Coloma ( RB ) ( from BM Granollers )
Oliver Nøddesbo Eggert ( LB ) ( from SønderjyskE Håndbold )
Lucas Vanegue ( CB ) ( to JS Cherbourg )
Leaving
Guillaume Crépain ( CB ) ( retires )
Arnaud Tabarand ( GK ) ( to Cesson Rennes MHB )
Andréa Guillaume ( RW ) ( to Limoges Handball ) Oussama Hosni ( RB ) ( to RK Eurofarm Pelister )
Jakob Mikkelsen ( RB ) ( to FC Porto ) Juan José Fernández ( LB ) ( to BM Ciudad Encantada ) Honors
Coupe de la Ligue : 1Winner : 2009
LNH Division 2 : 2Champion '' : 1995 , 2018
Former club members
Notable former players
Théo Derot ( 2014–2015 , 2019 )
Frédéric Dole ( 1999-2004 )
Christian Gaudin ( 1995–1997 )
Yann Genty ( 2010–2012 )
Vincent Gérard ( 2008-2010 )
Samuel Honrubia ( 2021- )
Frédéric Louis ( 1998-2000 )
Bruno Martini ( 1994-1995 )
Olivier Maurelli ( 2000–2002 )
Sébastien Mongin ( 2000–2004 )
Laurent Munier ( 1996-1997 )
Raoul Prandi ( 1998-2000 )
Luc Tobie ( 2009–2012 )
Omar Benali ( 2008-2009 )
Messaoud Berkous ( 2021- )
Sassi Boultif ( 2008-2012 )
Hichem Daoud ( 2016-2021 )
Hichem Kaabeche ( 2016–2017 )
Tahar Labane ( 2000–2008 )
Abdelkader Rahim ( 2015–2016 )
Gonzalo Carou ( 2014-2015 )
Thomas Bauer ( 2015-2016 )
Thomas Bolaers ( 2009-2010 )
Bram Dewit ( 2013-2014 )
Erwin Feuchtmann ( 2018-2019 )
Zlatko Saračević ( 1995-1997 )
David Juříček ( 2003-2004 )
Petr Štochl ( 2004-2006 )
Jiří Vítek ( 2004-2007 )
Andrea Parisini ( 2019- )
Ingars Dude ( 2013-2015 )
Vasko Ševaljević ( 2019-2021 )
Alexandru Dedu ( 1996-1997 )
Ibrahima Diaw ( 2009-2011 )
Aljoša Rezar ( 2013-2014 )
Nebojša Stojinović ( 2001-2004 )
Stefan Vujić ( 2014-2015 )
Aleksandar Stojanović ( handballer ) ( 2018-2019 )
Kamel Alouini ( 2008-2010 )
Mehdi Harbaoui ( 2014-2020 )
Oussama Hosni ( 2019-2022 )
Former coaches
References
External links
French handball clubs
D1 Tower is one of the main residential skyscrapers in Culture Village with a height of 284 metres ( 932 ft. ) . This 78-floor building has 526 units which include studio apartments , 1-bedroom apartments , 2-bedroom apartments , 3-bedroom apartments , 4-bedroom apartments , and 5-bedroom apartments , and 6 bedroom penthouses housed on high floors of the building .
D1 Tower was developed by Enshaa who had purchased it from Emirates Sunland Group . The tower was developed in a joint project by Dubai Properties Group and Emirates Sunland Group . Holford Associates is the architectural firm that developed the framework for this building . D1 construction started in 2007 and it was ready for handover in 2015 . D1 Tower at Jaddaf Waterfront has 231st position amongst the tallest buildings in the world . and Regionally , it ranks at 45th place amongst the tallest building in the Middle East . D1 Tower is adjacent to the Palazzo Versace Dubai .
Design
The tower has a total structural height of , but the design originally included a spire that would bring the total height to . Construction of D1 was completed in 2015 .
Similarities with Q1
The tower is the sister of the world 's seventh tallest residential building , Q1 in Gold Coast , Australia . Although they look similar , D1 is structurally shorter , whilst having a taller roof height . This is because Q1 has a roof height of with a spire increasing the total height to .
The appearance of D1 is also quite distinct from Q1 . The facades of D1 , designed by Innovarchi ( directors Ken McBryde and Stephanie Smith ) enhance the form of the tower and emphasize the sheer nature of the layered glass curtain wall . The primary facades are conceived as a series of layers to protect against the harsh environment . The timber canopy around the base , is inspired by the craft of Dhow trading boat construction that used to occur on the site . Installation of the canopy is expected from September 2012 . The undulating timber structure provides a shaded threshold between the air conditioned internal spaces , bright and hot exterior . It also acts as a moderator between three surrounding scales : the High Speed Freeway / Urban Landmark Scale ; the Precinct Scale and the Human Scale .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Dubai
References
External links
D1 tower website
SkyscraperPage entry
Emporis entry
2015 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Residential buildings completed in 2015
Residential skyscrapers in Dubai
High-tech architecture
Postmodern architecture
Plank Bridge Creek is a tributary of Spring Brook in Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . It is approximately long and flows through Spring Brook Township . The watershed of the creek has an area of . It is inhabited by wild trout throughout its length . The surficial geology in its vicinity mainly consists of Wisconsinan Till , bedrock , Boulder Colluvium , alluvium , and wetlands .
Course
Plank Bridge Creek begins on a mountain in Spring Brook Township . It flows northwest for several hundred feet before turning northeast . After a few tenths of a mile , it turns north for a few tenths of a mile before turning east-northeast and entering a valley between Pinnacle Hill and another hill . The creek then turns north-northeast for several tenths of a mile before turning west-northwest and flowing alongside Spring Brook to its confluence with Spring Brook .
Plank Bridge Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth .
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Plank Bridge Creek is above sea level . The elevation of the creek 's source is between above sea level .
The surficial geology in the vicinity of Plank Bridge Creek mainly consists of bedrock and a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till . The bedrock contains conglomerate , sandstone , and shale . However , small patches of alluvium , Boulder Colluvium ( which contains numerous quartz , sandstone , and shale boulders ) , and wetlands are also present .
A hill known as Pinnacle Hill is in the watershed of Plank Bridge Creek .
Watershed
The watershed of Plank Bridge Creek has an area of . The entirety of the watershed is situated in Spring Brook Township . The watershed is in the Lower North Branch Susquehanna basin . The creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca .
History
Plank Bridge Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2 , 1979 . Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1183996 .
In the early 2000s , the Lackawanna River Watershed Conservation Plan recommended that Spring Brook Township include protection of Plank Bridge Creek in their comprehensive plans , as well as their ordinances for land use , zoning , and subdivision .
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Plank Bridge Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth .
See also
Rattlesnake Creek ( Spring Brook ) , next tributary of Spring Brook going downstream
Panther Creek ( Spring Brook ) , next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook ( Lackawanna River )
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Stan Harrison ( born December 8 , 1953 ) is an American saxophonist who is also accomplished in playing other woodwind instruments , namely the horn , flute and clarinet . He has also written music for television . Harrison released his first solo album The Ties That Blind in 2000 on his own record label . In 2007 he released The Optimist , an album which was produced by G TOM MAC , on the EdgeArtists record label .
The following are some of the many prominent artists with whom Harrison has played and/or recorded :
Bruce Springsteen
Southside Johnny
Diana Ross
Lee Palmer
Little Steven
Serge Gainsbourg
David Bowie
Radiohead
Duran Duran
Jonathan Coulton
Stevie Ray Vaughan
Mick Jagger
Talking Heads
They Might Be Giants
Najma Akhtar
Gary Private
Jewel
Discography
The Ties That Blind ( 2000 )
The Optimist ( 2007 )
External links
[ Stan Harrison credits at Allmusic ]
Stan Harrison at EdgeArtists
1953 births
Living people
American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American multi-instrumentalists
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes members
American session musicians
Jersey Shore musicians
21st-century saxophonists
The Miami Horns members
Townie – A Memoir is a 2011 memoir by American novelist and short story writer Andre Dubus III . It details Dubus ' childhood in Haverhill , Massachusetts and his frequently turbulent relationship with his father Andre Dubus II .
Summary
Dubus writes about growing up in Haverhill , Massachusetts in the 1970s after his parents divorced . Dubus and his three siblings spent much of their time alone while their mother worked to support the family . Dubus describes his years as a boxer , how it saved his life , and led him to writing .
Characters
The main characters are his family and friends . He grew up with three siblings .
Reception
2011 non-fiction books
American memoirs
UniKey is the most popular third-party software and input method editor ( IME ) for encoding Vietnamese for Windows . The core , UniKey Vietnamese Input Method , is also the engine imbedded in many Vietnamese software-based keyboards in Windows , Android , Linux , macOS and iOS . UniKey is free and the source code for the UniKey Vietnamese Input Method is distributed under GNU General Public License . The official website of UniKey is unikey.org , which supports both English and Vietnamese .
Overview
UniKey supports :
Many Vietnamese character sets/encodings :
TCVN3 ( ABC ) , VN Unicode , VIQR
VNI , VPS , VISCII , BK HCM1 , BK HCM2 , etc .
Unicode UTF-8 , Unicode NCR Decimal/Hexadecimal for Web editors .
All 3 popular input methods : TELEX , VNI and VIQR .
Win32 platforms : Windows 10 , 8 , 7 , Vista , 2000 , XP , 9x/ME .
UniKey is a minimalistic software and does not require additional library .
About UniKey
UniKey for Windows was released as a free program in 1999 . It gained popularity for encoding Vietnamese thanks to its speed , simplicity , and reliability . It became the most popular keyboard program for inputting Vietnamese .
The core engine , UniKey Vietnamese Input Method , is open source and was first released as a part of the x-unikey Vietnamese keyboard for Linux in 2001 . Since then , the engine has been integrated in input methods in different OSes and software frameworks . ibus-unikey ( developed by Le Quoc Tuan , using UniKey engine ) is widely used for Linux distributions .
From Mac OS X Leopard onwards , released in 2007 , Apple has integrated the UniKey Vietnamese Input Method to the built-in Vietnamese input of macOS . From 2010 , the engine has also been integrated to the built-in Vietnamese keyboard in iOS ( starting from iOS 4.0 ) . The UniKey engine is also now running in iPhones , iPads , etc . that uses Vietnamese input .
UniKey is developed by Pham Kim Long .
References
External links
Vietnamese software
Vietnamese character input
Windows-only free software
Free software programmed in C++
Software using the GPL license
The Edhi Foundation ( ) is a non-profit social welfare organization based in Pakistan . It was founded by Abdul Sattar Edhi in 1951 , who served as the head of the organization until his death on 8 July 2016 . Bilquis Edhi , a nurse by profession , used to oversee the maternity and adoption services of the foundation . The Edhi Foundation is headquartered in the city of Karachi .
The Edhi Foundation provides 24-hour emergency assistance across the entirety of Pakistan and internationally . The foundation provides , among many other services , shelter for the destitute , hospitals and medical care , drug rehabilitation services , and national and international relief efforts . The organization 's main focuses are emergency services , orphans , handicapped persons , women 's shelters , education , healthcare , international community centres , refugees , missing persons , blood donation & drug rehabilitation banks , air ambulance services and marine and coastal services . The organization is known to serve those in need regardless of race , religious affiliation , and social status , and runs entirely on donations and volunteer efforts . While the Edhi Foundation 's primary focus is in Pakistan as well as the rest of South Asia , it has an extensive presence throughout the Middle East and Africa . However , it has also provided financial and supplementary aid to countries in Europe and the Americas in the event of natural disasters ( such as Hurricane Katrina in 2005 ) or other issues . As of 2020 , the Edhi Foundation has international head offices present in the United States , United Kingdom , United Arab Emirates , Canada , Australia , Nepal , India , Bangladesh , and Japan .
History
In 1928 , Abdul Sattar Edhi was born in Bantva , a town in the princely state of Bantva Manavadar in British India . In 1939 , when he was 11 years old , Edhi 's mother suffered a major stroke and became physically and mentally disabled . Shortly after this , Edhi dropped out of school to provide full-time care to his mother . At home , he would cater to her needs by bathing her , taking her to the bathroom , feeding her , and much more . He dedicated the following years of his life caring for her until she died in early 1947 . Later that year , during the Partition of India , Edhi and his family fled to the newly established Dominion of Pakistan and settled down in Karachi . The combined experiences of caring for his mother as well as seeing the death and destruction due to the partition motivated Edhi to pursue the establishment of a major humanitarian organization in Pakistan . By 1951 , he had bought a small shop in Karachi and opened a free dispensary to aid those in need of humanitarian services . Since then , he began to build up what would eventually become the Edhi Foundation . He established his first welfare centre in 1957 and then the Edhi Trust . Eventually , the Edhi Trust , which functioned on the efforts of a single person and one room became a large nationwide network run on volunteer efforts and donations . The organization has over 300 centres across the country , being present anywhere from big cities to small towns and remote rural areas , primarily focused on providing medical aid , family planning and emergency assistance . Air ambulances allow the network to operate in and access remote areas .
In Karachi alone , the Edhi Foundation runs eight major hospitals providing free medical care to all , alongside other services and establishments such as eye clinics , diabetic centres , surgical units , a four-bed cancer-focused hospital and mobile aid and relief dispensaries . In addition to these services , the organization also manages two blood banks . As with other Edhi services , these are run by employed professionals and volunteers . The foundation has a legal aid department , which also provides free services and has secured the release of countless innocent prisoners . Commissioned doctors visit jails on a regular basis and also supply food and other essentials to the inmates . There are 15 operational shelter homes for destitute children , runaways , and psychotics .
On 25 June 2013 , Edhi 's kidneys failed , with doctors announcing that he would be on dialysis for the rest of his life unless he found an appropriate kidney donor . Three years later , on 8 July 2016 , Edhi died at the age of 88 due to kidney failure after having been placed on a ventilator . His last wishes included a request that his organs be donated to those in need but due to his poor health and failing organs , only his corneas were suitable for donation . Edhi was given a state funeral and thousands gathered to mourn his death as he was laid to rest in Edhi Village , Karachi .
The Edhi Foundation also has an extensive education program , which not only provides services related to standard education but also in vocational activities such as driving , pharmacy and para-medical training . The emphasis and goal of this program is to propel those who are suffering from a nearly unbreakable cycle of poverty into a life of self-sufficiency . The foundation has branches in several countries where they provide relief to refugees and citizens in need in the United States , United Kingdom , Canada , Japan , and Bangladesh . Following the end of the Gulf War in 1991 , the foundation provided aid and rehabilitation to the citizens of Kuwait and Iraq . It has also run major relief operations for earthquake victims in Iran and Egypt . The organization has held the Guinness World Record for being the `` world 's largest volunteer ambulance organization '' since 1997 . In 2016 , after the death of Abdul Sattar Edhi , the State Bank of Pakistan urged all banks around the country to donate to the Edhi Foundation .
Services
The Edhi Foundation provides a number of services , emergency and non-emergency , to the general public . In addition to emergency medical services and private ambulance services , the organization also renders aid to women and children in need , assists with missing persons cases , and helps in covering burial and graveyard costs of unclaimed and unidentified bodies during times of disaster and tragedy .
Ambulance Services
As of March 2021 , the Edhi Foundation owns over 5,000 private ambulance vans stationed in areas across Pakistan . The ambulance dispatchers in Karachi , one of the busiest cities in Pakistan , have reported up to 6,000 calls a day , with the average response time for each incident falling within 10 minutes . It was also an Edhi ambulance which responded to and picked up the body of the American journalist , Daniel Pearl , when he was killed in 2002 .
The organization also owns two private jets and one helicopter to assist in moving victims from hard-to-reach locations , especially during the event of a natural disaster . In addition to land and air assistance , Edhi Foundation also hosts 28 rescue boats to aid during floods and in cases of shipwrecks and disaster along the Arabian Ocean coast .
Hospital Services
The organization runs several private outpatient hospitals located in Pakistan . Additional medical facilities include a diabetic center , a nurse training center , immunization centers , and blood banks , including emergency banks during times of natural disasters or tragedies .
Childcare Services
Bilquis Edhi , co-head of the Edhi Foundation , is responsible for overseeing children 's and women 's services within the organization . Services
he heads currently for children include the jhoola project , a child adoption center , and an abandoned children 's welfare center . Jhoola is the Urdu word for `` cradle '' , and refers to a baby hatch for abandoned children . Most of the Edhi emergency centers have a jhoola located outside the venue for mothers to leave their infants , regardless of the current situation they may be in . These children are taken into custody and are taken care of , often being adopted by pre-screened families .
International Services
The Edhi Foundation has reached out to international communities and assisted with the setup of several offices overseas which assist with donations , fundraising , and especially financially aiding Pakistanis who have to be flown overseas for urgent medical attention . In addition to providing their regular services , the overseas foundation offices often help with community needs as necessary . In 2005 , the Edhi Foundation provided $ 100,000 in aid to relief efforts following Hurricane Katrina .
In March 2020 , the organization donated US $ 200,000 to the Iranian government to help it combat the Coronavirus epidemic plaguing the country .
On April 23 , 2021 , Faisal Edhi , the head of the organization has offered to help India fight the Covid-19 pandemic by writing a letter to Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi . He requested for permission to enter India with a team of volunteers and 50 ambulances to help assist India in the pandemic as the country is facing nation wide oxygen shortage .
Popularity in Media and Memorial
On 28 February 2017 , Google celebrated Edhi with a Google Doodle hailing his `` super-efficient '' ambulance service .
On 1 April 2017 , State Bank of Pakistan unveils Rs50 coin in honour of the late humanitarian Abdul Sattar Edhi .
Karachi 's Beach Avenue on DHA phase VII has been renamed as `` Abdus Sattar Edhi Avenue '' .
See also
List of non-governmental organizations in Pakistan
Abdul Sattar Edhi
Bilquis Edhi
Saylani Welfare Trust
References
External links
2005 Kashmir earthquake
Ambulance services in Pakistan
Charities based in Pakistan
Volunteer organisations in Pakistan
Social welfare charities based in Pakistan
Medical and health organisations based in Pakistan
Organizations established in 1951
Organisations based in Karachi
1951 establishments in Pakistan
Foundations based in Pakistan
Winners of the Nikkei Asia Prize
The Tamil Nadu Communist Party was a political party in Tamil Nadu , India . The party was founded by dissident Communist Party of India leader Manali C. Kandasami on 10 July 1973 . The split had been provoked by opposition to the alliance between CPI and the Indian National Congress , in particular as the Congress Party was seen as trying to unseat the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam government in Tamil Nadu . The party held two seats in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly ; represented by Manali C. Kandasami and A.K . Subbiah . The party was allied with the DMK .
The party became defunct when Manali C. Kandasami died .
References
Political parties in Tamil Nadu
Defunct communist parties in India
Political parties established in 1973
1973 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
James `` Fly '' Williams ( born February 18 , 1953 ) is an American former professional basketball player , who played in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) for the Spirits of St. Louis . A noted street basketball player from New York , he once scored 100 points in an IS8 League game in 1978 .
Early life
Born in Brownsville , Brooklyn , New York , Williams attended Madison High School , where he initially was interested in being a baseball pitcher , but was advised that he had become too tall to remain competitive in that sport .
Although Williams ' initial transition to basketball was difficult , he eventually made adjustments that allowed him to excel in his new game . Williams ' accelerated achievements were fueled by his frequent participation in street basketball games . He played with some of New York 's finest street players , including World B . Free and Earl `` the Goat '' Manigault . When the games eventually ended , Williams would go out in search of more opportunities to play basketball .
Williams dominated Madison High hoops in the early 1970s . By his freshman year , he already stood tall , with outstanding moves , a fantastic shot , a terrific knowledge of the back board action , and could play the crowds . However , due to his poor attendance at Madison , Williams completed high school at a prep school , Glen Springs Academy in Watkins Glen , New York . The book Heaven Is a Playground discus , among other things , the education of Fly Williams . According to sportswriter Terry Pluto , Williams took the nickname in homage to singer Curtis `` Super Fly '' Mayfield . Williams was known for his play at Rucker Park and The Hole in Brownsville .
College
After Williams completed high school , he was recruited by assistant basketball coach , Leonard Hamilton , to attend Austin Peay State University in Clarksville , Tennessee .
Williams arrived on campus in 1972 . He was greeted by a reception which included a sky-writing demonstration spelling out name . His freshman year , playing as a guard , his scoring record was especially noteworthy . Williams averaged 29.4 points per game in 1973 , fifth best in the nation . The Austin Peay Governors won a bid to the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) tournament . Williams scored 26 points in a first-round win over Jacksonville University . In the second round of the tournament , Williams scored another 26 points , but the Austin Peay Governors lost to the University of Kentucky , coached by Joe B . Hall , in overtime .
Williams scored 51 points twice in his freshman year . In his sophomore season , Williams averaged 27.5 points per game , earning a third-place scoring record in the NCAA . Once again the Governors basketball team won the bid for the NCAA tournament . Williams scored 26 points , but Austin Peay lost to Notre Dame , 108–66 , in the first round .
During his time at Austin Peay , Williams scored 1,541 points with a 28.5 point per game average . He left college due to hardship and pursued a professional career . Austin Peay responded to Williams ' two year record , in 1975 , by building the Dunn Center , a larger gymnasium , to accommodate the increased attendance at basketball games .
Professional career
The Denver Nuggets drafted Williams in the first round ( second overall ) of the 1974 ABA Draft . Following the draft , there were several offers to buy the player contract on Williams . Eventually , his contract was sold to the Spirits of St. Louis . ( Bob Costas , then a young sports broadcaster , announced their games . Costas would later contribute to the book , `` Loose Balls : The Short , Wild Life of the American Basketball Association , '' written by Terry Pluto . )
The 1974–75 basketball season was a disappointment to Williams and his team . He managed to score only 9.4 points per game for the Spirits . Williams ' scoring was erratic and he was known for his showmanship rather than his scoring proficiency . He did not play during the following year ( 1975–76 ) , after which the Spirits of St. Louis were one of two teams , along with the Kentucky Colonels , to fold as a result of the ABA-NBA merger , and Williams ended up without a team despite some interest in retaining him in the league . He was subsequently selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the ninth round ( 152nd overall ) of the 1976 NBA Draft but the team did not sign him .
Williams then played in the Continental Basketball Association and the Eastern League , but he failed to receive any attractive offers from NBA teams . He later played for a team in Israel , but never did attract any serious attention of NBA scouts . Williams admits that his temperament was probably an underlying issue which predicated his lack of serious offers .
Retirement
Williams 's career was eventually ended due to a being shot by an off-duty police officer . The shotgun wound left him with decreased lung capacity , and scars on his back . In retirement , Williams spent time working with disadvantaged youth and continued to play `` streetball '' ; Williams is listed as the number two athlete on the `` 50 Greatest Streetballers of All Time '' by the Street Basketball Association ( SBA ) .
While playing at Austin Peay , Williams ' nickname inspired a humorous fan chant : `` The Fly is open , let 's go Peay ! '' Fans still chant `` Let 's Go Peay '' at all basketball games . Williams ' number 35 jersey was retired by Austin Peay State University on February 5 , 2009 .
A book on the life of Williams was written by Knoxville , Tennessee-based author Dave Link . Called The Fly 35 ( citing his jersey number at Austin Peay ) , it was published to coincide with the jersey retirement ceremony .
At age 64 in May 2017 , Williams was arrested in Brooklyn , NY , and charged with being the alleged leader of a large heroin distribution ring .
See also
List of basketball players who have scored 100 points in a single game
Notes
The New York Times article about Fly Williams ' shooting incident
Pluto , Terry , Loose Balls : The Short , Wild Life of the American Basketball Association , Simon & Schuster , 1991 ,
References
External links
, or Sports Reference College Basketball
1953 births
Living people
All-American college men 's basketball players
Allentown Jets players
American men 's basketball players
American shooting survivors
Austin Peay Governors basketball players
Basketball players from New York ( state )
Denver Nuggets draft picks
James Madison High School ( Brooklyn ) alumni
Jersey Shore Bullets players
Lancaster Red Roses ( CBA ) players
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Rochester Zeniths players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Spirits of St. Louis players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Retour Island ( ) is a rocky island 0.7 nautical miles ( 1.3 km ) long , the largest feature in the Curzon Islands , lying 0.1 nautical miles ( 0.2 km ) north of Cape Decouverte . Charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition and so named by them to commemorate the return of French exploring parties to the vicinity .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Adélie Land
is a video , experimental film and performance artist based in Kyoto , Japan and the leader of the Kyupi Kyupi artist collective , founded in 1996 . He has directed work for both art museums , including Kyupi Kyupi performances at the Palais de Tokyo and Tate Modern in 2003 , and commercial television and film , his most famous creation being the Fuccons , a family of mannequins who first appeared in Vermilion Pleasure Night in 2000 and since in their own program Oh ! Mikey and its spin-offs .
Filmography
References
External links
20th-century Japanese artists
21st-century Japanese artists
Japanese experimental filmmakers
Japanese cinematographers
Japanese contemporary artists
Japanese film directors
Japanese film editors
Japanese film producers
Japanese performance artists
Japanese screenwriters
Japanese television directors
Japanese television producers
Japanese television writers
People from Kyoto Prefecture
Television editors
Japanese video artists
1968 births
Living people
The discography of Juli , a German alternative pop band , contains four studio albums , one live album and seventeen singles . The band released their first studio album Es ist Juli after signing to Universal Records in 2004 . This was followed by their second album Ein neuer Tag which peaked at number one on the German Albums Chart in October 2006 . Juli 's third album In Love was released in September 2010 and yielded two singles .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Singles
As featured artist
Music videos
References
Discography
Discographies of German artists
Rock music group discographies
Pop music group discographies
Eryl Margaret McNally ( born 11 April 1942 ) is a former Labour Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the East of England constituency .
Personal life
She was born in Bangor , North Wales but has lived in Abbots Langley , near Watford , Hertfordshire , since the 1960s . She is the daughter of the late Llywelyn Williams , MP for Abertillery from 1950 to 1965 .
She attended Newbridge Grammar School in Monmouthshire and Bristol University , graduating in Modern Languages in 1963 . She obtained a PGCE from University College Swansea in 1964 .
Before being elected as an MEP in 1994 , she was a teacher of modern languages in Reading and Hertfordshire . She was Head of Modern Foreign Languages at Saint Michael 's Catholic High School , Watford . In 1985 she became an Advisory Teacher for Buckinghamshire County Council and was later appointed as County National Curriculum Co-ordinator for Modern Languages . She was an Ofsted Inspector for Modern Languages from 1992–1994 .
Family
She married James McNally in 1964 and they have two grown up children and two grandsons , Leo and Nye Farrington .
Political life
McNally joined the Labour Party at the age of 16 and served as a Parish Councillor , a District Councillor on Watford Rural District Council and Three Rivers District Council ( from 1970–1976 ) and as County Councillor on Hertfordshire County Council ( from 1986 to 1995 ) where she was Vice- Chair of the Education Committee before being elected to the European Parliament . She represented the Bedfordshire and Milton Keynes constituency from 1994 to 1999 and the East of England constituency from 1999 until she stood down from the Parliament in 2004 , saying that the regional constituencies were too large an area to represent and that no-one had `` the foggiest idea '' who their MEPs are . She was an opponent of the Iraq War .
Her political interests in the European Parliament were in renewable energy and environmental issues . She is a former trustee and Chair of the National Energy Foundation , President of the European Forum on Renewable Energy Sources ( EUFORES ) and was formerly vice-chair of the European Parliament 's Energy and Research Committee . She served as a substitute member of the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities and as a member of the delegation for relations with the countries of South America and MERCOSUR .
Honours
In 2003 , McNally was awarded the position . of Chevalier in the Légion d'Honneur by the French Government in recognition of her efforts to improve understanding between Britain and France . She was awarded an honorary doctorate in Law by the University of Hertfordshire and was awarded an honorary Doctorate in Science by Cranfield University . In 2012 she obtained a first class honours degree in psychology from the Open University .
Affiliations
She is or has been a member of the Transport and General Workers Union , the World Development Movement , Action for Southern Africa , the Socialist Education Association , the Labour Animal Welfare Society , Amnesty International , the Co-operative Party and the Fabian Society .
References
External links
Website from period as MEP
Official biography
Speeches in the European Parliament
1942 births
Living people
Labour Party ( UK ) MEPs
People from Bangor , Gwynedd
People from Abbots Langley
MEPs for England 1994–1999
MEPs for England 1999–2004
Crowley County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 5,922 . The county seat is Ordway .
History
Crowley County was created by the Colorado legislature on May 29 , 1911 , out of the northern portions of Otero County . Previously both were parts of Bent County . The county was named for John H. Crowley , senator from Otero County to the state legislature at the time of the split . Its original inhabitants decades earlier were Native Americans , more Cheyenne than other tribes at the time the western expansion of the U.S. arrived .
The first significant development and settlement occurred in 1887 when the Missouri Pacific Railroad came through from the east , on its way to Pueblo and Colorado 's rich gold fields of `` Pikes Peak Or Bust '' .
The county seat is in Ordway , a town established in 1890 that quickly became the economic hub of the area . Other towns still existing along the Missouri Pacific Railroad 's route are Sugar City , Crowley , and Olney Springs .
A few years later , developers brought a canal east from the Arkansas River , with ambitious plans to irrigate a million acres ( 4000 km2 ) in Kansas ; instead , the canal petered out in Crowley County but did irrigate along its length . This turned early Crowley County into a lush agricultural mecca at first .
By the 1970s almost all the water rights were sold from what is now called the Twin Lakes Canal to the fast-growing cities of Colorado 's Front Range corridor . The area 's economic activity has shifted toward ranching . Much of the land has returned to its original sparse prairie grassland conditions .
The Crowley School , which is now the Crowley County Heritage Center , is the county 's only historic site listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places .
Crowley County also today hosts a state prison . The 2000 census showed 5,518 county residents , of which 1,955 were prisoners , giving Crowley County the highest percentage of incarcerated prisoners of any county in the U.S . The county maintained this position in the 2010 census , with 2,682 prisoners out of 5,823 residents .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.6 % ) is water . Lake Meredith , which lies south of Ordway and Sugar City , is the largest of several lakes in the county .
Adjacent counties
Lincoln County - north
El Paso County - northwest
Otero County - south
Kiowa County - east
Pueblo County - west
Major Highways
State Highway 71
State Highway 96
State Highway 167
State Highway 207
Bicycle trail
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,518 people , 1,358 households , and 957 families living in the county . The population density was 7 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 1,542 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 82.95 % White , 7.05 % Black or African American , 2.59 % Native American , 0.82 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 4.77 % from other races , and 1.81 % from two or more races . 22.54 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 1,358 households , out of which 34.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.10 % were married couples living together , 11.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.50 % were non-families . 25.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.12 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 18.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.90 % from 18 to 24 , 39.60 % from 25 to 44 , 20.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 205.40 males ( this is the highest of any U.S. county/parish in 2000 ) . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 240.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 26,803 , and the median income for a family was $ 32,162 . Males had a median income of $ 20,813 versus $ 21,920 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,836 . About 15.20 % of families and 18.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.60 % of those under age 18 and 13.50 % of those age 65 or over . More recent data , published in 2011 , estimated that 48.1 percent of the county 's residents lived in poverty , and of 3,197 counties ranked by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2011 for `` estimated percent of people of all ages in poverty '' , Crowley was second .
Census data for Crowley County includes 1,955 prisoners . The prison population is 19.23 % Black , and 24.35 % Hispanic . Without the prisoners , Crowley County would be 86.72 % White , 0.36 % Black , and 21.55 % Hispanic . As a percentage of its population , Crowley County has more of its Census population in prison than any other county in the country .
Politics
Crowley is a predominantly Republican county . No Democratic presidential nominee has won Crowley County since Lyndon Johnson 's 1964 landslide . Before that time , the county largely followed the patterns of Colorado politics in general , from strongly Democratic during the William Jennings Bryan and Woodrow Wilson eras to Republican leaning from the time of Wendell Willkie onwards .
Communities
Towns
Crowley
Olney Springs
Ordway
Sugar City
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crowley County , Colorado
Pike 's Peak Gold Rush
References
External links
Crowley County History
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1911 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1911
Eastern Plains
Rajshahi Science & Technology University or RSTU ( ) is a private university in Natore , Bangladesh . It was established in 2013 .
Faculties and departments
The university has the following faculties and departments :
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering ( CSE )
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering ( CSE ) -For Diploma
Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electrical & Electronics Engineering ( EEE )
Bachelor of Science in Electrical & Electronics Engineering ( EEE ) -For Diploma
Department of Civil Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering ( CE )
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering ( CE ) -For Diploma
Department of Textile Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Textile Engineering ( TE )
Bachelor of Science in Textile Engineering ( TE ) -For Diploma
Department of Science
Bachelor of Pharmacy [ B.Pharm ( Hons . ) ]
Faculty of Business
School of Business
Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA )
Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) ( Regular )
Master of Business Administration ( Executive )
Faculty of liberal arts and social sciences
School of liberal arts and social sciences '
Bachelor of Laws ( LLB ) ( 2 Yrs . )
Bachelor of Laws with Honours ( LLB-Hons . )
Master of Laws ( LLM )
Bachelor of Arts in English ( Hons . )
Master of Arts in English
BSS in Media & Journalism
Bachelor of Social Science in Economics ( Hons . )
Bachelor of Social Science in Sociology ( Hons . ) 12
Newly constructed Academic Building of Rajshahi Science & Technology University at VIP Tower , Holding # 112 Dhaka Road , Bara Harishpur , Natore Sadar Natore 6400 .
List of vice-chancellors
Mohammed Shahjahan ( present )
Accreditation
The academic programs of the university are recognized by the following organizations :
UGC University Grants Commission Bangladesh
Notable alumni and faculty members
Banaj Kumar Majumder , Chief , Police Bureau of Investigation .
References
External links
Private universities in Bangladesh
Private engineering universities of Bangladesh
Universities of science and technology in Bangladesh
2013 establishments in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 2013
Malick Diaw is a Malian soldier and politician . The colonel was one of the leaders of the Military Junta that organized the 2020 Malian coup d'état and a member of the . On December 5 , 2020 , he was elected president of the , the de facto Malian legislative body .
Biography
Colonel Malick Diaw was a student at the then joined the Joint Military School in Koulikoro in 1998 . He became deputy director of the at the time of the coup . He was also Subjete of the General Staff of the National Guard in the 3rd Military Region of Kati .
As an artillery officer , he participated in the Mali War between 2013 and 2017 .
He was one of the soldiers present at the massive rally to celebrate the fall of President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta and is considered one of the masterminds of the 2020 Malian coup d'état that overthrew the president . He became second in command of the Military Junta led by Assimi Goïta , interim vice president in the transition of Mali . He also played a key role in negotiations with the Economic Community of West African States to lift sanctions in October .
Diaw was elected president of the with 111 votes in favor and 7 abstentions , in a body in which the military occupies 22 of the 121 seats .
References
1979 births
Vice presidents of Mali
Malian military personnel
People from Ségou
Living people
21st-century Malian people
Iniyoru Janmam Tharu is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. Vijayan . The film stars Madhu , Jayabharathi , Adoor Bhasi , C. A. Balan and Paravoor Bharathan in the lead roles . The film was produced by Chinna Ramalingam . The film had musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan .
Cast
Madhu
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
C. A. Balan
Paravoor Bharathan
Philomina
Santha Devi
Veeran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. Vijayan
Thomas Pontoyse ( fl . 1295 ) was an English politician .
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1295 .
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
English MPs 1295
Nina Mason Pulliam ( September 19 , 1906 – March 26 , 1997 ) was an American journalist , author , and newspaper executive in Arizona and Indiana , where she was also well known as a philanthropist and civic leader . Pulliam began her career as a journalist in Indiana and worked with her husband , Eugene C. Pulliam , as founding secretary-treasurer and a member of the board of Central Newspapers , Incorporated , the media holding company he established in 1934 . Following her husband 's death in 1975 , she served as president of the company until her retirement , in 1979 , and as publisher of two of the company 's newspapers , the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette , from 1975 to 1978 . She also wrote a series of articles that were published in North American newspapers and later compiled into several books .
During her lifetime and through the Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust , which was established after her death in 1997 , Pulliam contributed to numerous philanthropic projects to support her varied interests in education , animals , nature , the outdoors , and Native American art and culture , especially programs in Arizona and Indiana . A major initiative of her charitable trust is the Nina Mason Pulliam Legacy Scholars program . Other recipients of her philanthropy in Arizona include the Phoenix Zoo , Heard Museum , Desert Botanical Garden , Arizona Humane Society , Phoenix 's Burton Barr Central Library , the Arizona Recreation Center for the Handicapped , and a walking trail in the Grand Canyon National Park . Indiana projects have included the Nina Mason Pulliam EcoLab at Marian University and the Nina Mason Pulliam Indianapolis Special Collections Room at the Indianapolis Public Library 's Central Library .
Early life and education
Nina G. Mason was born on September 19 , 1906 , in rural Morgan County , Indiana , near Martinsville , to Laura L. ( Gesaman ) and Benjamin Franklin Mason . She was one of the family 's seven children . Nina Mason developed a lifelong love of nature and wildlife during her youth . As a teen she was diagnosed with tuberculosis and traveled on her own to the Arizona desert to live in a Phoenix home near Camelback Mountain to recover from her illness . After returning to Indiana and completing high school , she began studying journalism at Franklin College in Franklin , Indiana , but left to enroll at Indiana University , and later studied at the University of New Mexico .
Marriage and family
Nina Mason married Eugene Collins Pulliam in 1941 following the death of his first wife , Myrta Smith Pulliam , in 1917 , and his divorce from Marth Ott Pulliam in 1941 . Mason 's and Pulliam 's thirty-four year marriage ended with his death in Phoenix , Arizona , in 1975 at the age of eighty-six .
Eugene Pulliam 's three children from his two previous marriages included a son , Eugene Smith Pulliam ( 1914–1999 ) , and two daughters , Martha Corinne Pulliam , who later married James Cline Quayle , and Helen Suzanne Pulliam , who later married William Murphy . Eugene S. Pulliam joined the family business in 1936 as news director at WIRE , an Indianapolis radio station his father owned at that time , and succeeded his father as publisher of the Indianapolis Star and the Indianapolis News in 1975 . James C. and Martha C. ( Pulliam ) Quayle were the parents of Dan Quayle , who served as the 44th Vice President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
Career
Nina Mason began her career in journalism at Farm Life , a national magazine published in Spencer , Indiana . When the magazine ceased publication during the Great Depression , she moved to Lebanon , Indiana , where she worked at the Lebanon Reporter for newspaper publisher Eugene C. Pulliam prior to their marriage in 1941 . Over the years the couple traveled extensively , including a twenty-two-nation tour in 1947 . In 1953 Nina Pulliam also took a four-month solo trip to Australia , New Zealand , and the islands of Fiji . During the extended trips Nina and Eugene Pulliam filed reports of their experiences , which were published in their newspapers .
In addition , she became the first woman to earn a private pilot 's license in Indiana .
Pulliam 's journalistic work of her travels was published in North American newspapers over a period of eleven years . Her articles were later compiled into books : Befriended Journey ( 1948 booklet ) ; South America , Land of the Future , Jewel of the Past ( 1951 ) , coauthored with Eugene C. Pulliam ; Iron Curtain Time : The Brave Bullies . Glimpses Backstage Just Before the Storm ( 1956 ) ; I Traveled a Lonely Land : This is Australia and these are the Australians , as I saw them ( 1955 ) ; Are We Too Late in the Middle East ? : On-the-scene report from Istanbul to Cairo ( 1958 ) , coauthored with Eugene C. Pulliam ; and We Are All in This Together ( 1970 ) .
Newspapers executive
In addition to her work as a journalist , Nina Pulliam was founding secretary-treasurer and a board member of Central Newspapers , Incorporated , the company her husband formed in 1934 . During her husband 's sixty-three years as a newspaper publisher , he operated forty-six newspapers across the United States . Central Newspapers holdings included the Indianapolis Star , acquired in 1944 ; the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette , purchased in 1946 ; and the Indianapolis News , acquired in 1948 ; among others . In 1945 Pulliam discovered that she was allergic to printers ' ink , which affected her vision . As a result of the affliction , she was no longer able to visit the publishing company 's pressrooms and had to wait for newsprint to fully dry before touching the paper and reading its contents .
Nina and Eugene Pulliam worked together as a team in the newspaper industry until his death in 1975 . Following his death , she became president of Central Newspapers , a position she retained until in 1979 . Nina Pulliam also served from 1975 to 1978 as publisher of the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette , which began in 1946 . Her stepson , Eugene S. Pulliam , became publisher of the company 's two major newspapers in Indianapolis , the Indianapolis Star and the Indianapolis News . She stepped down as publisher of the two Arizona newspapers in 1978 and retired from Central Newspapers in 1979 , at the age of seventy-three .
Philanthropist
Because an allergy to printers ' ink affected her eyesight , Pulliam supported efforts to assist the blind . For twenty years she was active in the National Society to Prevent Blindness . She was also interested in Native American arts and culture as a supporter of the Heard Museum in Phoenix . Pulliam also loved animals ; she and her husband were among the founders of the Phoenix Zoo . Nina Pulliam was also interested in education and joined the board of trustees at Franklin College in 1963 .
In 1977 she provided funding to establish the Sigma Delta Chi Foundation 's Eugene C. Pulliam Fellowship , named in honor of her late husband , who was one of the ten founding members of Sigma Delta Chi in 1909 . The journalism fraternity was later renamed the Society of Professional Journalists . The first Pulliam fellowship was awarded in 1978 .
The Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust was established upon her death in March 1997 to continue her philanthropic legacy . In recognition of her interest in nature conservancy , the Nina Mason Pulliam EcoLab , a natural area on the Marian University campus northwest of downtown Indianapolis , was dedicated on November 13 , 2009 . Its facilities include the Nina Mason Pulliam Nature Center and the Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust Outdoor Classroom .
Death and legacy
Nina Mason Pulliam died of complications from a respiratory infection on March 26 , 1997 . On August 1 , 2000 , three years after her death and less than a year after the death of her stepson , Eugene S. Pulliam , the Gannett media company acquired the Central Newspaper holdings for US $ 2.6 billion , ending two generations of the Pulliam family 's ownership of the newspaper firm .
During her lifetime as a journalist , author , and newspaper executive and through the Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust , established after her death in 1997 , she contributed to numerous philanthropic projects to support her interests in education , animals , nature , the outdoors , and Native American art and culture . The Nina Mason Pulliam Legacy Scholars , established to assist students with college expenses , is a major program for her charitable foundation . As of 2018 , Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis and Ivy Tech Community College in Indiana , and Arizona State University and Maricopa County Community College District in Arizona are participating in the program .
Honors and tributes
A 1957 recipient of the Delta Gamma Gold Medallion Award for her contributions to conserve sight and assist the blind .
Recipient of an honorary Doctor of Letters degree in 1963 from the University of Arizona ; an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Indiana University Bloomington in 1967 ; and an honorary doctor of laws degree from Franklin College in Indiana in 1970 .
Elected a life member of the Heard Museum 's board of trustees in 1965 .
In 1970 , Pulliam became the first woman to be admitted to DePauw University 's Alpha chapter of Sigma Delta Chi ( present-day Society of Professional Journalists ) .
Facilities named in her honor
Buildings and facilities in Indiana that are named in her honor include the Nina Mason Pulliam Indianapolis Special Collections Room at Central Library , the main branch of the Indianapolis Public Library , and the Nina Mason Pulliam EcoLab at Marion University in Indianapolis .
In 1998 the Nina Mason Charitable Trust made a $ 1.5 million grant to the Heard Museum in Phoenix , Arizona , for construction of an entrance pavilion that is named in her honor as a tribute to her long time support .
Additional buildings in Arizona named in her honor include the Nina Mason Pulliam Campus for Compassion , Arizona Humane Society ; Nina Mason Pulliam Desert Research and Horticultural Center , Desert Botanical Garden , Phoenix ; Plaza de los Ninos and children 's entrance at the Phoenix Zoo ; Nina Mason Pulliam Auditorium , Burton Barr Central Library , Phoenix ; Arizona Recreation Center for the Handicapped , West Colter Street , Phoenix ; Nina Mason Pulliam Rio Salado Audubon Center , Central Avenue , Phoenix ; and a walking trail in the Grand Canyon National Park .
Selected published works
Befriended Journey ( 1948 )
South America , Land of the Future , Jewel of the Past ( 1951 ) , coauthored with Eugene C. Pulliam
Iron Curtain Time : The Brave Bullies . Glimpses Backstage Just Before the Storm ( 1956 )
I Traveled a Lonely Land : This is Australia and these are the Australians , as I saw them ( 1955 )
Are We Too Late in the Middle East ? : On-the-scene report from Istanbul to Cairo ( 1958 ) , coauthored with Eugene C. Pulliam
We Are All in This Together ( 1970 )
Notes
External links
Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust , official website
1906 births
1997 deaths
People from Morgan County , Indiana
20th-century American newspaper publishers ( people )
Pulliam family
Quayle family
Nandyal–Yerraguntla section connects of Kurnool district and Yerraguntla of Kadapa district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . Further , this section converges with Nallapadu–Nandyal section at Nandyal . It is administered under Guntakal railway division of South Central Railway zone , except the Nandyal railway station which is under Guntur railway division . The total length of the section extends to a length of . Jammalamadugu and Proddatur are the major towns through which the line passes .
History
The railway section was sanctioned in the year 1996–97 . It was commissioned on 23 August 2016 and total project was completed at a cost of .
Train Services
At present daily 3 pairs of Trains services operating in this section along with Freight Trains
07285 HX - NDL Passenger
17216 DMM - BZA Express
17262 Tpty - GNT Express
References
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Guntakal railway division
Guntur railway division
5 ft 6 in gauge railways in India
The Jean and Alexander Heard Library system is made up of several campus libraries at Vanderbilt University . These include Eskind Biomedical Library , Central Library , Divinity Library , Alyne Queener Massey Law Library , Walker Management Library , Anne Potter Wilson Music Library , Peabody Library , Sarah Shannon Stevenson Science & Engineering Library , Special Collections and University Archives , and the Television News Archive . It also houses the world 's most extensive and complete archive of television news from 1968 to the present day .
History
The original Vanderbilt Library was housed in the Main Building ( later College Hall and now Kirkland Hall ) at the time of the university 's founding in 1873 . The collection held approximately 6,000 volumes and was open from 9:00-2:00 daily under the supervision of a junior faculty member . Over the years , the library grew in size before being gutted by fire in 1905 . Efforts to rebuild the library were supported by other universities , with Yale University and the Library of Congress donating thousands of publications to the university . However , another fire in 1932 destroyed almost half of the university libraries .
A major overhaul of the library occurred under A. Frederick Kuhlman as the director of the library . Under him , the Joint University Library Corporation was created by trust indenture . The participating libraries were Vanderbilt University , George Peabody College for Teachers , and Scarritt College for Christian Workers . The Joint University Library was inaugurated in 1941 , during Kulman 's tenure ; the architect was Henry C. Hibbs , with New York architects Githens and Keally consulting as library specialists . At the time of the opening , the library held nearly 400,000 volumes .
In 1961 , the library opened the stacks to undergraduate students , a privilege once reserved for graduate students and faculty . In 1968 , the Television News Archives was instituted . The Joint University Library Corporation was dissolved in 1979 with the merger of Vanderbilt and Peabody and the system became known as the Vanderbilt University Library . It was renamed the Jean and Alexander Heard Library five years later , in honor of Chancellor Emeritus Alexander Heard and his wife Jean .
Campus libraries
The university library system comprises the following libraries :
Eskind Biomedical Library
Central Library
Divinity Library
Alyne Queener Massey Law Library
Walker Management Library
Anne Potter Wilson Music Library
Peabody Library
Sarah Shannon Stevenson Science and Engineering Library
Special collections
Special Collections and University Archives
Television News Archive
Library heads
First Librarian
Dora Sanders ( 1914-1923 )
Will Ella Johnson Smith ( 1923-1930 )
Isabel Howell ( 1931-1936 )
Director of Libraries
A. Frederick Kuhlman ( 1936-1960 )
David Kaser ( 1960-1968 )
Frank P. Grisham ( 1968-1984 )
Malcolm Getz ( 1984-1995 )
University Librarian
Paul M. Gherman ( 1996-2009 )
Dean of Libraries
Connie Vinita Dowell ( 2009-2014 )
Joseph D. Combs , Jr. [ Interim ] ( 2014-2016 )
University Librarian
Valerie Hotchkiss ( 2016–2021 )
Hilary Craiglow [ Interim ] ( 2021–present )
Sol Biderman Collection
The Sol Biderman Collection at the library contains Brazilian posters , Brazilian art and architecture exhibition catalogs , engravings , woodcuts , invitations to art exhibitions , handbills , programs , photographs , and cordel literature or literatura de cordel , and other ephemera ( e.g . Brazilian post card art , gift cards , and invitations to art exhibits ) .
The collection was donated by Sol Biderman , a journalist for Time in São Paulo . Following is a list of some of the items in the collection indexed by artist :
Nelson Aguilar : Art exhibition catalog from an August 1986 exhibit at Montesanti Galleria in São Paulo .
Antônio Henrique Amaral : Art exhibition catalog from a 1987 exhibit at Montesanti Galleria in São Paulo :
Art exhibition catalog from June 1997 at Dan Galeria in São Paulo titled `` Works on Paper . ''
Invitation to art exhibition and award ceremony from an October 2000 exhibit at the Pinacoteca do Estado de São Paulo .
Carla Amaral : Art exhibition catalog for 1995 exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art , University of São Paulo .
J. Amaral : Art exhibition catalog from a 1983 exhibit in São Paulo at the 17th São Paulo Art Biennial . The exhibition was titled `` Las vida es una transformación transitoria . ''
References
External links
Jean and Alexander Heard Library
Vanderbilt University
Libraries in Tennessee
University and college academic libraries in the United States
Magnificent may refer to :
HMS Magnificent , Royal Navy ships
HMCS Magnificent ( CVL 21 ) , a Canadian ship
Magnificent ! , a 1969 album by jazz pianist Barry Harris
`` Magnificent '' ( Rick Ross song )
`` Magnificent '' ( U2 song )
`` Magnificent '' , a song by Estelle from Shine
See also
The Magnificents ( disambiguation )
List of people known as the Magnificent
The Magnificent ( disambiguation )
Janina Degutytė ( 6 July 1928 in Kaunas – 6 February 1990 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian poet , best remembered for her children 's poems , lyrical poetry , in the genres of romance and modernism which were published in Lithuanian and Russian , and subsequently translated into Hungarian and Polish .
References
1928 births
1990 deaths
Lithuanian women poets
Jack Orr was a Scotland international rugby union player .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played for West of Scotland .
Provincial career
He played for Glasgow District in the 1885 inter-city match against Edinburgh District on 5 December 1885 .
He played for West of Scotland District in their match against East of Scotland District on 29 January 1887 .
International career
He was capped twelve times for between 1889 and 1893 . He scored 3 tries in those 12 matches ; all at the start of his international career : his first 3 matches .
Military career
The Scottish Referee newspaper of 5 October 1900 gives this on Orr 's career :
Jack Orr . To Rugby followers particularly , the announcement made this week of Captain J. E. Orr 's promotion to be Secretary to the Military Governor of Pretoria will be received with much satisfaction . As Rugby footballer , Jack Orr was a power in himself , and , indeed , played a game particularly his own , but with telling effect , not only in club games , but in the more important International matches . Captain Orr was , until recently , attached to the Imperial Light Horse , and was wounded , although not severely . early in the campaign . Since his recovery he has played a conspicuous part , and the post which has been gives him is but a fitting reward for services rendered . We wish him every success , and hope his advancement will not stop here .
Family
He was the brother of Charles Orr who was also capped for Scotland .
References
Sources
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany ( Vision Sports Publishing Ltd , 2007 )
1868 births
1935 deaths
Glasgow District ( rugby union ) players
Rugby union players from Hamilton , South Lanarkshire
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
West of Scotland District ( rugby union ) players
West of Scotland FC players
Rugby union forwards
The Sundown Playboys are an American Cajun music band in Louisiana , United States .
The band was founded in 1945 by accordionist Lionel Cormier , and has been performing almost continuously throughout the United States . After the death of Lionel Cormier in the early 1970s , Lesa Cormier decided to carry on the tradition of his father 's band . With the help of two other band members and his own son , the tradition of the Sundown Playboys continues .
Over the years , several accordion players have played in Lionel Cormier 's place , but three core members of the group have continued playing . Lesa Cormier has played drums since the beginning with his father . He was seventeen when he started . Wallace `` Red '' Touchet plays the fiddle and Larry Miller plays the steel guitar . After leading a band of his own , accordionist August Broussard joined the band in 2000 . In the 1980s , Lesa 's son , Danny , joined the band as a bass player and sometimes steel guitar , but now plays steel guitar with Jackie Caillier and the Cajun Cousins . Danny 's son joined the band as bass player . Brian Cormier is a fourth generation member of the Sundown Playboys .
Trivia
Former Smiths frontman and solo star , Morrissey , included their song `` Saturday Nite Special '' ( which , notably , was released by The Beatles ' Apple Records label ) on his Under the Influence album .
External links
Lesa Cormier and the Sundown Playboys
Sundown Playboys mp3 : Rendezvous Au Bal
Sundown Playboys mp3 : Country Boy Waltz
`` Cajun Music mp3 : Hadacol it Something ''
Clarence 's Info on Cajun and Zydeco Music and Culture
The Sundown Playboys on Apple Records ( Apple 44 )
Apple Records artists
Musical groups established in 1945
Cajun musicians
Alsina is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Adolfo Alsina ( 1829–1877 ) , Argentine lawyer and Unitarian politician
August Alsina ( born 1992 ) , American singer
Juan Perez Alsina , Argentine politician for the Salta Renewal Party
Landelino Lavilla Alsina ( born 1934 ) , Spanish politician
Dr. Manuel F. Alsina Capo ( born 1909 ) , prominent Spanish-American urologist surgeon
Oriol Alsina ( born 1967 ) , Spanish football manager
Ramón Martí Alsina ( 1826–1894 ) , Spanish Eclectic painter
Valentín Alsina ( 1802–1869 ) , Argentine lawyer and politician
See also
Estación Puente Alsina , Argentine railway station in the Greater Buenos Aires neighbourhood of Valentín Alsina
Puente Alsina ( film ) , 1935 Argentine musical film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra
Puente Valentín Alsina , neo colonial bridge over the Riachuelo inaugurated in 1938
Adolfo Alsina Partido , western partido of the Buenos Aires Province , Argentina
Valentín Alsina , Buenos Aires , city in the Lanús Partido of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina
Zanja de Alsina , system of trenches and fortifications built in the centre and south of the Buenos Aires Province
Catalan-language surnames
The invasion of Russia by Charles XII of Sweden was a campaign undertaken during the Great Northern War between Sweden and the allied states of Russia , Poland , and Denmark . The invasion began with Charles 's crossing of the Vistula on 1 January 1708 , and effectively ended with the Swedish defeat in the Battle of Poltava on 8 July 1709 , though Charles continued to pose a military threat to Russia for several years while under the protection of the Ottoman Turks .
Historical context
In the years preceding the invasion of Russia , Charles had inflicted significant defeats on the Danish and Polish forces , and enthroned the king Stanisław Leszczyński in Poland . Having consolidated his victories there , he invaded Saxony , forcing it out of the war . Charles then turned his attentions to Russia . He entered Russia by crossing the frozen Vistula River at the head of 40,000 men , approximately half of them cavalry . This tactic was characteristic of his military style , which relied on moving armies with great speed over unexpected terrain . As a consequence of this rapid initiation of the campaign , Charles nearly gave battle with Peter the Great just one month into the campaign , reaching Hrodna , now in Belarus , a mere two hours after Russian forces had abandoned it .
Charles was a skilled military leader , and probably considered the invasion to be a risky enterprise ; he had resisted the advice of his generals to invade during the Russian winter following the first Battle of Narva ( 1700 ) . He chose to continue his invasion now because he expected Swedish reinforcements and the alliance of the Cossacks under Ivan Mazepa . The reinforcing Swedish army , however , was ambushed by Russians , and a Russian army under Aleksandr Danilovich Menshikov had destroyed Mazepa 's capital and chased him to Charles with just thirteen hundred men .
Outcome
The invasion was further complicated by the scorched earth strategy formulated by Peter and his generals . The Russian armies retreated continuously , dispersing the cattle and hiding the grain in the peasant towns they passed , burning unharvested crops , and leaving no resources for the Swedish army to stave off the Russian winter . By the end of the winter of 1708–1709 , the `` Great Frost of 1709 '' had devastated the Swedish army and shrunk it to 24,000 men . In May 1709 , the Swedish forces caught up to the Russians , and the two armies clashed in the Battle of Poltava . The Swedish were defeated , and the greater part of Charles 's army , some 19,000 men , were forced to surrender .
Charles fled with his surviving 543 men to the protection of the Ottoman Turks to the south , who were traditionally hostile to Russia . Here , Charles was eventually able to persuade the Sultan Ahmed III to declare war on Russia . Backed by a Turkish army of 200,000 men , Charles led the Turks into the Russo-Turkish War ( 1710–1711 ) . Before Charles could give battle , though , Peter was able to bribe the Turkish vizier to peace ; with this , Charles 's ambitions to invade Russia were ended .
Consequences
The consequences of the failed invasion were far-reaching . The Swedish Empire never added new territory after the Battle of Poltava , and shortly thereafter lost more possessions . George I of Great Britain led Great Britain and Prussia into war against Sweden , and Denmark reentered the war . Russia maintained its conquered possessions in Ingria and the Baltic , was able to consolidate its hold over Ukraine and Poland , develop the new city of Saint Petersburg , and gain vital trade links in the Baltic trade .
Nearly 100 years later , Napoleon invaded Russia and learned from the failed invasion committed by Sweden .
Battles
Notes
Great Northern War
Invasions of Russia
Russia
1708 in Russia
1709 in Russia
1708 in military history
1709 in military history
Charles XII of Sweden
Russia–Sweden military relations
The greater yellownape ( Chrysophlegma flavinucha ) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae .
It is found in East Asia from northern and eastern India to south-eastern China , Indochina , Hainan , and Sumatra . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Description
Large , olive green woodpecker with prominent yellow-crested nape and throat . Dark olive green with grey underparts . Crown brownish and flight feathers chestnut barred with black . Bill often looks whitish .
References
greater yellownape
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of South China
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Southeast Asia
greater yellownape
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nothing New is a posthumous album of vocal & piano recordings by Gil Scott-Heron released by XL Recordings on April 19 , 2014 in conjunction with Record Store Day . The album consists of new , stripped-down versions of a selection of older Scott-Heron songs stretching from 1971 's `` Pieces of a Man '' to 1994 's `` The Other Side '' . It was recorded with producer Richard Russell between 2005 and 2009 , in the same sessions that led to 2010 's I 'm New Here .
In the liner notes published on the official website , Russell describes the album as , `` carefully curated ( and ) an excellent introduction to his previous output , '' adding that , `` the album is utterly sparse and devoid of anything that is not completely necessary . All it contains is Gil 's singing and piano playing . ''
On April 1 , 2015 , the album was released digitally alongside a documentary named Who Is Gil Scott-Heron ? .
Track listing
All lyrics are written by Gil Scott-Heron ; all music is composed by Gil Scott-Heron , except for `` Pieces of a Man '' ; co-composed by Brian Jackson .
Charts
References
External links
Gil Scott-Heron official website with release info
2014 albums
Gil Scott-Heron albums
XL Recordings albums
Albums published posthumously
Louis-Nicolas Darbon was born 1983 in Paris and is a French London-based contemporary artist influenced by pop art , neo-expressionism and street art . He is well known for his various iconic pop figure portraits and fashion inspired artworks . He is also popular on social media for his dress sense .
Life and career
Louis-Nicolas Darbon was born and grew up in Versailles and Paris in France . He studied at a private university and lived in New York , Beijing , Shanghai , Hong Kong and Tokyo during his studies . After graduating he returned to Europe and worked for fashion houses including Marc Jacobs , Louis Vuitton , Net-a-Porter , Christian Louboutin and Burberry .
Since 2013 Louis-Nicolas has been represented by galleries worldwide . He has exhibited both nationally and internationally . He took part in Art Basel Hong Kong 2016 and has had solo shows and group shows in London , New York , Hong Kong , Japan , Marrakesh , France and Switzerland .
References
The Renaissance Man , 07.07.2016 , Ragazzo Magazine
'LOUIS-NICOLAS DARBON SMUDGES THE LINE BETWEEN ART AND FASHION ' , September 2015 , Country & Townhouse
'Meet The Collectors ' , 25.10.2015 , The Times
Louis-Nicolas Darbon , May Issue 2015 p. 130 , Harrods Magazine
'EXPOSURE ' , July 2014 , Wall Street International
Exposure at Imitate Modern , 22.07.2014 , The Upcoming
Style Sketches by Louis-Nicolas Darbon , 25.07.2014 , MNSWR Magazine
External links
Official website of Louis-Nicolas Darbon
Living people
1983 births
French contemporary artists
Pummared Kladkleeb ( , born September 18 , 1987 ) ) is a former professional footballer from Thailand . currently plays for Nakhon Pathom United in the Thai League 2 .
External links
https : //int.soccerway.com/players/pummared-kladkleeb/440107/
1987 births
Living people
Pummared Kladkleeb
Association football midfielders
Pummared Kladkleeb
Pummared Kladkleeb
Pummared Kladkleeb
Pummared Kladkleeb
Béké Football Club de Bembèrèkè is a football club in Benin . They currently play in the Benin Premier League .
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 1,000 capacity Stade Municipal de Bembèrèkè .
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Benin
Rennick Névé ( ) is the névé at the head of Rennick Glacier in Victoria Land . Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( NZ-APC ) in about 1966 in association with Rennick Glacier .
Snow fields of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Névés of Antarctica
Shorea agamii is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae . The species is named after J. Agama a one time forest officier in the Sabah Forestry Department . Two subspecies are recognised subsp . agamii and subsp diminuta . The subspecies name diminuta is derived from Latin ( diminutus = made small ) and refers to the smaller leaves of this subspecies .
Shorea agamii is endemic to Borneo . It is an emergent tree , up to 50 m tall , in mixed dipterocarp forest on well-drained sandy clay soils and clay-rich soils . It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of white meranti . The species is incorrectly listed in the IUCN redlist as Shorea agami . S. agamii subsp . agamii is found in at least three protected areas ( Kabilli-Sepilok Forest Reserve , Lambir & Gunung Mulu National Parks ) , but is threatened elsewhere due to habitat loss .
References
agamii
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Jodhpur boot is an ankle boot or Chelsea boot designed as a riding boot with a rounded toe and a low heel . They originally fastened with a strap and buckle , but today the term also includes designs with straps that do not wrap entirely around the ankle and the elastic-sided design without a strap also known as Chelsea boots . A closely related riding boot design is called a paddock boot , particularly if modified to have a lace-up front . It is named after Jodhpur , the second-largest city in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
History
Jodhpur boots originated in India in the 1920s , and were first worn by local polo riders . The wearing of Jodhpurs soon became a trend in the Western world , and Saks Fifth Avenue began selling them in as early as 1927 . A Vogue article in that year , titled `` A Habit for Informal Cross-Saddle Dressing '' , wrote that Jodhpur boots were `` correct in every detail for summer shows '' and meant to be complemented with a swagger stick and canary string gloves .
Fitting
The vamp is sewn on top of the quarters . ( A monk strap boot also fastens with a buckle , but the quarters are sewn on top of the vamp . ) The strap is typically in two parts , each attached to the vamp . The buckle end is attached to the inboard side and extends halfway around the ankle , counterclockwise on the right boot . The free end is attached to the outboard side and extends entirely around the ankle , clockwise on the right boot . There is typically a loop sewn to the back of the boot that both strap ends can be passed through .
See also
Jodhpurs
R. M. Williams ( company )
Blundstone
References
External links
Rider apparel
Boots
Odontopharyngidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Diplogasterida .
Genera :
Odontopharynx
References
Nematodes
E.J . and E. Griffith Interlocking Tower is a historic interlocking tower located at Griffith , Lake County , Indiana . It was built in 1924 by the Elgin , Joliet and Eastern Railway . It is a three-story , brick building measuring 25 feet long , 16 feet wide , and 30 feet tall . It has a concrete foundation and low pitched hipped roof . The depot operated until 1999 . It was moved to its present location in the Griffith Historical Park and Railroad Museum in 2000 .
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .
References
External links
Griffith Historical Society website
History museums in Indiana
Railway buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Buildings and structures completed in 1924
Buildings and structures in Lake County , Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County , Indiana
Railway buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
1924 establishments in Indiana
Ceroprepes guizhouensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes . It was described by Yan-Li Du , Hou-Hun Li and Shu-Xia Wang in 2002 and is known from China .
References
Moths described in 2002
Phycitinae
`` In My Bed '' is a song by American singer Sabrina Carpenter from her fourth studio album Singular : Act II ( 2019 ) , serving as the opening track of the album . Carpenter wrote the song alongside Steph Jones and the song 's producer Mike Sabath . Hollywood Records released the song as the third and final single from the album on June 7 , 2019 , along with the pre-order of the album .
Background
Carpenter announced the song 's release along with Singular : Act II 's tracklist revelation . When asked about the song , Carpenter said `` It 's a clever play on words instead of saying , ‘ I 'm in my head about it ' . The song is about one of those moments where life feels like a lot to deal with . We took that and turned it into something really fun and vulnerable . ''
The song was written in 2019 by Carpenter , Mike Sabath and Steph Jones . It was produced and mixed by Sabath and the vocals were produced by Sabath and Jones . The song was mastered at Sterling Sound in New York City by Chris Gehringer with Will Quinnell serving as an assistant .
Composition
`` In My Bed '' is an upbeat electropop song with dance-pop influences . It has a chorus with a synth-pop inspired rhythm . Lyrically the song is about coping when life is a lot to deal with .
Music video
Background and release
A visualizer video for the song accompanied the song 's release . It shows footage of Carpenter 's photoshoot for the song 's promotional photos . Carpenter confirmed that there will be an official music video for the song via Instagram live on June 6 , 2019 . Carpenter formally announced the video via social media by posting an ASMR video that was filmed while she filmed the music video . At the end of the video Carpenter says `` I would like to request a song : `` In My Bed '' by Sabrina Carpenter '' and commented saying `` shhhh ... # inmybed music video tomorrow '' .
The song 's official music video premiered via Marie Claire Magazine on June 28 , 2019 . Later that day it was posted onto Carpenter 's Vevo and YouTube channels . The video was directed by Phillip R. Lopez and filmed in Toronto , Canada , before Carpenter began filming her upcoming movie Work It .
Synopsis
The video begins with Carpenter sleeping on a bed . She then wakes up and begins levitating over the bed . She is then seen in another bed that is in a very messy room . The same room which the ASMR video was shot . In the messy room she is seen brushing her hair , walking around , dancing and fidgeting with several items in the room including a lava lamp and stuffed animals . Then as the chorus starts Carpenter is seen with googly and hypnosis eyes . Carpenter is then seen in a green suit laying on a floor in three spots individually . She is then seen in all three places at the same time where there are three of her . After that , Carpenter is in the same green suit where four of her are on a couch . The camera then moves out of the couch scene to the messy room in the form of the couch scene looking like a picture . Carpenter is then once again seen with her hypnosis eyes . The camera zooms in on her hypnosis eyes and a bunch of Carpenter 's head are seen swirling around . The next scene Carpenter is seen wearing a white straitjacket in a room with a bunch of black and white photos of her in the past . Carpenter is then seen in that same room where a bunch of doctors are evaluating her . She is later seen dancing with them . The camera then goes into a picture in the back of the room that shows the room at a different time . That is done a number of times . The video ends with Carpenter going back on the bed she was levitating above at the beginning .
Critical reception
Rania Aniftos of Billboard described it as `` colourful '' and that `` the viewer is transported into a hypnotic world . ''
Live performances
Carpenter debuted the song on Good Morning America 's Summer Concert Series .
Credits and personnel
Recording and management
Mastered at Sterling Sound ( New York City )
Seven Summits Music ( BMI ) obo Itself and Pink Mic Music ( BMI ) , Vistaville Music ( ASCAP ) obo Itself , Steph Jones Who Music ( ASCAP ) and Big Deal Hits ( ASCAP ) , Sony/ATV Ballad/Mike Sabath Songs ( BMI )
Personnel
Sabrina Carpenter – lead vocals , songwriting
Steph Jones – songwriting , vocal production
Mike Sabath – songwriting , production , mixing , vocal production
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Will Quinnell – assistant
Credits adapted from Singular : Act II liner notes .
Release history
References
Sabrina Carpenter songs
2019 songs
Songs written by Sabrina Carpenter
Songs written by Steph Jones
Songs written by Mike Sabath
Carrying on the head is a common practice in many parts of the world , as an alternative to carrying a burden on the back , shoulders and so on . People have carried burdens balanced on top of the head since ancient times , usually to do daily work , but sometimes in religious ceremonies or as a feat of skill , such as in certain dances .
Working
Carrying on the head is common in many parts of the developing world , as only a simple length of cloth shaped into a ring or ball is needed to carry loads approaching the person 's own weight . The practice is efficient , in a place or at a time when there are no vehicles or beasts of burden available for transporting the objects . Today , women and men may be seen carrying burdens on top of their heads where there is no less expensive , or more efficient , way of transporting workloads . In India , women carry baskets of bricks to workmen on construction sites . It is also used by the lowest caste to carry away human waste that they scoop out of pit latrines , the practice of manual scavenging .
It is also wide-spread in Africa . Women in particular may have practical reasons for carrying on the head , as for many African women it is `` well-suited to the rough , rural terrain and the particular objects they carry—like buckets of water and bundles of firewood '' , then abandoning the practice when they migrate to urban areas where their daily routines , and socially accepted practices , are different . In Ghana , affluent residents of the southern cities employ young women who migrate from the poorer northern region to work as `` head porters '' , called kayayei , for $ 2 a day . In East Africa , Luo women may carry loads of up to 70 % of their own body weight balanced on top of their heads . Women of the Kikuyu tribe carry similar heavy loads , but using a leather strap wrapped around their forehead and the load to secure it while it is carried . ( see tumpline ) This results in a permanent groove in the forehead of the women . However , there is no evidence of other harmful effects on the health of women who carry heavy loads on top of their heads . Researchers speculate that training from a young age may explain this . Up to 20 % of the person 's body weight can be carried with no extra exertion of energy . Other researchers have shown that African and European women carrying 70 % of their body weight in controlled studies used more oxygen while head-carrying , in contrast to carrying a load on their backs . The research did not support the notion that head-loading is less exerting than carrying on the back , `` although there is some evidence of energy saving mechanisms for back-loading at low speed/load combinations '' .
African-American women continued the practice during the 19th century , which they learned from their elders who had been enslaved from Africa . One observer during the American Civil War noted seeing the impressive sense of balance and dexterity that the practice gave women in South Carolina : `` I have seen a woman , with a brimming water-pail balanced on her head , or perhaps a cup , saucer , and spoon , stop suddenly , turn round , stoop to pick up a missile , rise again , fling it , light a pipe , and go through many revolutions with either hand or both , without spilling a drop '' . Until the turn of the 20th century , African-American women in the Southern states continued carrying baskets and bundles of folded clothes on top of their heads , when they found work as washerwomen ( laundresses ) , doing laundry for white employers . This practice ended when the automobile became common in affluent communities , and employers began delivering the clothing to the homes of the washerwomen , rather than the workers walking to the employers ' homes .
Head-carrying was used in London 's Covent Garden market , with porters competing to carry up to 15 stacked baskets on their head . In describing `` the most cosmopolitan fruit market in the world '' just before the Great Depression , the United States department of Agriculture said the porters carried produce on their heads , backs , or in barrows . Every day loads continued to be transported on the head into the 1950s , as shown in the documentary film Every Day Except Christmas .
Dance
There are several traditional dances of West African cultures that include balancing an object on the head as a skillful feat . Ritual dancing among worshippers of the thunder deity , Shango , sometimes balance a container of fire on their heads while dancing . The Egbado Yoruba have dances that include balancing `` delicate terracotta figures '' on the head while the arms and torso are moving . This tradition continued among Africans taken to America during the Atlantic slave trade . African-Americans in the 19th century had a popular type of dance competition called `` set the floor '' ( `` set de flo ' '' ) , during which individual dancers would take turns dancing . Competing dancers would try to perform complicated steps given to them by a caller ( usually a fiddler ) , without stepping outside the bounds of a circle drawn on the ground . To add to the challenge , some dancers would compete while balancing a glass full of water on top of their heads , trying not to spill the water while they danced .
Comportment
During the Victorian era , when finishing schools for young women were at their peak and manners and comportment were more rigid , young women were sometimes instructed to improve their posture by balancing books or a teacup and saucer on their heads while walking and getting up or down from a chair . They were told to model themselves after `` the Egyptian water-carrier , with the jug of water poised so prettily on her head , and her figure so straight and beautiful '' .
See also
Human-powered transport
Land transport
Matki ( earthen pot )
Tumpline
References
Walking
Human-powered transport
Lifestyles
Personal care and service occupations
Human head and neck
Las Animas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 14,555 . The county seat is Trinidad . The county takes its name from the Mexican Spanish name of the Purgatoire River , originally called El Río de las Ánimas Perdidas en el Purgatorio , which means `` River of the Lost Souls in Purgatory . ''
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.06 % ) is water . It is the largest county by area in Colorado .
Adjacent counties
Otero County - north
Pueblo County - north
Bent County - northeast
Baca County - east
Union County , New Mexico - south
Colfax County , New Mexico - southwest
Costilla County- west
Huerfano County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 25
U.S. Highway 160
U.S. Highway 350
State Highway 12
State Highway 109
State Highway 389
Protected areas
Comanche National Grassland
Lake Dorothey State Wildlife Area
James M. John State Wildlife Area
San Isabel National Forest
Spanish Peaks Wilderness
Fishers Peak State Park
Trinidad Lake State Park
Historic trails and landmarks
Mesa de Maya
Raton Pass National Historic Landmark
Santa Fe National Historic Trail
Trinidad State History Museum
Scenic byways
Highway of Legends Scenic Byway
Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 15,207 people , 6,173 households , and 4,092 families living in the county . The population density was 3 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 7,629 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 82.63 % White , 0.39 % Black or African American , 2.54 % Native American , 0.37 % Asian , 0.20 % Pacific Islander , 10.03 % from other races , and 3.83 % from two or more races . 41.45 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 6,173 households 28.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.90 % were married couples living together , 11.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 33.70 % were non-families . 29.70 % of households were one person and 14.30 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97 .
The age distribution was 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 7.90 % from 18 to 24 , 24.00 % from 25 to 44 , 25.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.00 % 65 or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 95.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.70 males .
The median household income was $ 28,273 and the median family income was $ 34,072 . Males had a median income of $ 27,182 versus $ 20,891 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,829 . About 14.00 % of families and 17.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.00 % of those under age 18 and 17.20 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
A Democratic stronghold since the days of Franklin Roosevelt after having been solidly Republican during the `` system of 1896 '' like the rest of Hispanic Colorado , Las Animas County has seen a strong trend toward the Republican Party in recent elections . Hillary Clinton 's 2016 performance was the worst by a Democrat since John W. Davis in 1924 . She was also the first Democrat to lose the county since George McGovern in 1972 . In 2020 , Joe Biden became the first Democrat to win the presidency without the county since Woodrow Wilson in 1912 .
Communities
City
Trinidad
Towns
Aguilar
Branson
Cokedale
Kim
Starkville
Census-designated places
El Moro
Hoehne
Jansen
Lynn
Segundo
Stonewall Gap
Valdez
Weston
Unincorporated communities
Boncarbo
Delhi
Earl
Model
Thatcher
Trinchera
Tyrone
Villegreen
Ghost towns
Brodhead
Delagua
Ludlow
Madrid
Morley
Sopris
Tercio
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Las Animas County , Colorado
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1866 establishments in Colorado Territory
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1866
Grete Kellenberger-Gujer ( 1919–2011 ) was a Swiss molecular biologist known for her discoveries on genetic recombination and restriction modification system of DNA . She was a pioneer in the genetic analysis of bacteriophages and contributed to the early development of molecular biology .
Biography
After earning her matura in classics at the Töchterschule in Zürich , Grete Gujer studied chemistry at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich . There , she met Eduard Kellenberger , a physics student . The couple married in 1945 . In 1946 they moved to Geneva , where Eduard Kellenberger began his doctoral work thesis under the supervision of Jean Weigle , professor of physics at the University of Geneva . Grete Kellenberger contributed to the development of new methods to prepare and analyse biological samples using an electron microscope , a new technique at the time . After Jean Weigle left for the California Institute of Technology in 1948 , Grete Kellenberger took on an increasingly important role in the study of lambda phage and its mutations at the University of Geneva . Her collaboration with Jean Weigle , who returned to Geneva every summer , is demonstrated their by regular correspondence archived at Caltech and by numerous publications .
It was Grete Kellenberger who gave Werner Arber , who carried out his PhD between 1954 and 1958 , the conceptual basis and practices for his future studies in the genetics of bacteriophages . Grete Kellenberger published several articles with Arber between 1957 and 1966 .
Grete Kellenberger 's major scientific contribution was the discovery that recombination is due to a physical exchange of DNA , and not to selective replication . An article on this subject authored by Grete Kellenberger , Maria Ludovica Zichichi , and Jean Weigle was published in the same issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) as the article from Meselson and Weigle on the topic . However , although the data for Grete 's article were obtained using a more original approach and were ready months before experiments were concluded in Meselson 's laboratory , Grete 's article appeared after Meselson 's .
Maria Ludovica Zichichi worked with Grete Kellenberger from 1960 to 1962 , and their collaboration resulted in five publications .
In 1965 , Grete Kellenberger , her husband Eduard Kellenberger , and members of their research team left for Manhattan , Kansas for a sabbatical year . At Kansas State University , she worked closely with Ulrich Laemmli on phage T4 . During this year , Eduard Kellenberger returned to Switzerland without his wife , and they divorced in 1967 . Grete Kellenberger-Gujer continued to work in Kansas and later accepted a position as an independent researcher in a lab run by Lucien Caro at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee . In 1971 , she returned to Geneva and worked in Lucien Caro 's lab in the Department of Molecular Biology until her retirement in 1980 . From 1971-1975 , she worked with Douglas Berg , with whom she shared an interest in genetic analysis of bacteriophages and plasmid lambda dv . She published three articles with Berg .
She was an atheist and she respected religious believers .
Awards and recognition
In 1979 , the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Geneva awarded Grete Kellenberger-Gujer the International Prize Nessim-Habif . An honoris causa doctorate for Grete-Kellenberger was discussed at the University of Geneva , but was never awarded . In 2009 , three portraits of Grete Kellenberger-Gujer were created by the Roger Pfund studio and displayed as part of an exhibit commemorating representative individuals from the University of Geneva as part of the university 's 450th anniversary . Grete 's portrait is hung since 2010 in the University 's Department of Molecular Biology seminar room , across from the portrait of Werner Arber . In September 2016 , the Campus magazine of the University of Geneva published an article on the story of Grete-Kellenberger-Gujer described in , without including any of the sociological considerations and cultural and academic gender-bias facts explored in the article .
References
Swiss biologists
Molecular biologists
1919 births
2011 deaths
Swiss women scientists
Women biologists
Swiss atheists
Scientists from Zürich
20th-century biologists
21st-century biologists
20th-century Swiss scientists
20th-century women scientists
21st-century women scientists
Flour Mills of Nigeria ( FMN ) is a Nigerian diversified agribusiness company , it was founded in 1960 by George S. Coumantaros . FMN employs over 12,000 people .
FMN was founded by George S. Coumantaros in 1960 as a private limited company and in 1978 became a public company , with its shares listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange .
The chairman of FMN since 2014 , and its former CEO is the founder 's son , John Coumantaros . The CEO is Omoboye Olusanya .
Flour Mills today , is a holding company with a vertically integrated business model .
The flagship brand of the company is Golden Penny Flour .
History
Flour Mills started operations in 1962 , the first wheat mill plant in Nigeria , it was built at a cost of £2.5m financed by Greek and American capital through Southern Star Shipping company . Initial annual production was 120,000 tonnes . The company 's Apapa complex has bulk unloading and storage capabilities with a mill to process North American wheat blends . In 1964 , the company expanded its offering with the establishment of a polypropylene manufacturing plant that traded under the business name Nigerian Bag Manufacturing Company Limited . The initial facility also processed wheat offals to be exported .
By 1971 , the annual capacity of its wheat mill was 300,000 tonnes . In 1975 , the company bought minority equity interest in Northern Nigeria Flours Mills , Kano and later acquired interest in Niger Mills of Calabar . In the late 1970s , the company was listed on the Nigerian Stock exchange .
The FMN brand sprouted from a single commodity company , to a conglomerate operating in key sectors of the Nigerian economy . They operate in four major sectors of Food , Su , Agro-allied , Port Operations and Logistics , Packaging and Real Estate . They operate a vertically integrated supply food chain amongst their other businesses .
In 1990 , another polypropylene manufacturing business was established in 1997 in Northern Nigeria trading under the business name Northern Bag Manufacturing Company , two years later Golden Shipping Company was established . In 1997 , an extension of business offerings led to the founding of a fertilizer marketing business , expansion continued with the introduction of a cement partnership UNICEM in 2002 , port management trading under the name Apapa Bulk Terminal in 2004 , Golden Transport in 2008 and Premier Feeds in 2010 . In August 2015 , a holding company , Excelsior Shipping was established to manage the affairs of some of its subsidiaries . Apapa Bulk Terminal operates Terminal A and B at Apapa Port .
The company operated a bulk cement bagging operation at Apapa trading Burham Cement , following compliance with government regulations to promote local cement manufacturing that operation was discontinued at the firm went into a partnership with Orascom to establish a cement facility at Mfanmosing , Cross River State .
In 2021 , FMN acquired 71.6 % of Honeywell Group 's Honeywell Flour Mills Plc .
Subsidiaries
References
External links
Companies based in Lagos
Food and drink companies of Nigeria
Food and drink companies established in 1960
Nigerian companies established in 1960
Holding companies of Nigeria
Bardon Hill is the highest Hill in Leicestershire and on a clear day the Malvern and Shropshire Hills ( approx . 50–60 miles ) , summits in Derbyshire ( approx . 30–40 miles ) and Lincoln Cathedral ( almost 50 miles away ) can be seen . However , the Sugar Loaf in South Wales , sometimes cited as visible from Bardon , can not be seen , being over away .
Near the top of the hill are two radio masts ; the smaller of the two was built for the BBC as a link for Outside broadcast linking into the Sutton Coldfield Transmitter . This was then moved to the now larger mast which was originally built by an electricity supply company , it is now owned by Cellnex after Arqiva sold its UK wireless business in October 2019 and provides the NOW Leicester DAB radio service .
The landscape was already attracting visitors before John Curtis wrote in the 1830s : he suggests that the view extends to over or one-twelfth of England and Wales . Potter also notes of the view from Bardon Hill that `` it probably commands a greater extent of surface than any other point of view on the island '' and that `` An outline , described from the extremity of this view , would include nearly one-fourth of England and Wales . It may be deemed one of the most extraordinary points of view in Nature . '' This has attracted telecommunication companies , and large transmitters and radio masts have replaced both the Summer House and Queen Adelaide 's Bower .
Bardon Hill is also a 13.1 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) in the civil parish of Bardon , east of Coalville in Leicestershire , England .
Bardon Hill is part of the eroded remains of a volcano . It is the highest point in Leicestershire and the National Forest , above sea level . Due to its prominence , it is visible for many kilometres around . It adjoins Bardon Hill Quarry , a geological SSSI . At its summit are a trigonometrical point and a radio mast . The second highest hill in Leicestershire is the nearby Beacon Hill .
`` Bardon '' or `` Bardon Hill '' was also the name of a village south-west of the hill . Most of the village has been demolished but the toponym `` Bardon Hill '' remains in use as the postal address of the remaining local properties .
Ecology
The hill is a surviving fragment of the formerly extensive Charnwood Forest , and it has both woodland and heath . Mature oak dominates the lower slopes , with pine plantation higher up , and a mixture of heath , acid grassland , rock outcrops and scrub oak at the top . The hill is notable for its lichens and invertebrates , especially spiders with 133 species including the rare Tetrilus macrophthalmus .
Geology
The Hill is formed of Neoproterozoic volcanic rocks of the Bardon Hill Volcanic Complex .
The volcanic complex is described as being similar to that of the Soufrière Hills , a Stratovolcano on the British island of Montserrat in the Caribbean . The hill and surrounding land is formed of a mixture of igneous and volcanic rocks formed in the precambrian age ( 600 million years old ) ; the surrounding areas are overlaid with a mixture of boulder clay and Mercia mudstone .
Quarry
The earliest mention of a granite quarry at Bardon Hill was in 1622 . A small quarry is shown on a map of 1835 , with large scale working starting in 1857 .
Commercial exploitation was made possible by several local nonconformist families , and the opening of the Leicester and Swannington Railway . The line passed close to Bardon Hill , and a short branch line was added to allow direct exportation from the quarry to the railway network . The railway was under the influence of local Quakers , the Ellis family , for several generations , before being sold to the Midland Railway whilst under the control of MP John Ellis .
Joseph Ellis II served as Director of the Leicester and Swannington Railway , and formed a partnership with Mr. Breedon Everard of Groby to use the railway as first coal merchants , before extending to granite extraction .
Joseph Ellis II 's two sons ( James and Joseph III ) continued the partnership with Breedon Everard following his death , and , in 1858 , leased the Bardon Hill quarries from Robert Jacomb-Hood II of Bardon Hall . The lease was for twenty-one years for a rent of £145 a year .
Following the sale of Bardon Hall by Jacomb-Hood , to William Perry Herrick of Beaumanor Hall , in 1864 , Everard and the Ellis ' renegotiated the lease of the quarry which allowed it to be developed and mechanised . Leading this mechanisation was the introduction of Charles G Mountain of Birmingham 's steam crusher , which cost £7500 : it needed only 8 men to operate but produced between 60 and 80 tons of quarried stone per 10-hour day .
The owners of the quarry were paternalistic in nature : At the joint expense of the new owner William Perry Herrick , and the leaseholders , ( the Ellis ' and Breedon Everard ) , cottages and a school were built for the quarry 's workmen and their families , in the village of Bardon . In 1898 a new parish church was built , and a stipend provided to pay for a clergyman . The architect of the church , school and houses was Breedon Everard 's second son , John Breedon Everard , who had joined the Ellis and Everard firm in 1874 . The quarry and its owners offered 'ambitious opportunities for upward social mobility ' that were unusual for the time : a quarry labourer on living in one of the cottages in 1881 was a teacher ; within the quarry , uneducated labourers rose to positions of high management .
Ellis & Everard , was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1988 . In 1991 it merged with Evered plc to form Evered Bardon ; the name was changed in 1993 to Bardon Group . In 1997 it merged again , this time with Camas ( formerly a division of English China Clays ) , to form Aggregate Industries . In 1999 it entered into a series of major acquisitions in the United States . It was acquired by Holcim , a leading Swiss cement maker , in 2005 .
The Bardon Hill Quarry serves as the headquarters of Aggregate Industries and is one of the 5 `` Super-Quarries '' it owns in the UK .
In 2009 the company applied to extend the quarry . The existing quarry covers 27 hectares and had a remaining reserve of 30 million tonnes of stone ; with a current extraction rate of 3 million tonnes a year , it was expected to be exhausted by 2019 . The proposal was to expand the current quarry by 66 hectares ( more than trebling the size ) , allowing the extraction of an additional 132 million tonnes and extending the quarry 's lifespan by 40 years . Following the exhaustion of the existing quarry , the company stated it would partially infill the site over a period of around 11 years , and turn it into a nature area .
Royal visit
In 1840 , the then deer park was chosen as a picnic spot for a visit by Queen Adelaide , the Queen Dowager . T. R. Potter describes the Royal scene in The History of Charnwood Forest :
Her Majesty , in a dress of elegant simplicity suited to the occasion , supported by Earl Howe , and her Royal sister ( the Duchess of Saxe Weimar ) by Lord Curzon , ascended the steep with great apparent ease . On arriving at the summit , upwards of an hour was spent in the enjoyment of the wonderful prospect , of which her Majesty frequently expressed her admiration – Lord Howe pointing out the many remarkable near and distinct objects which the fineness of the day brought within the reach of view .
The Queen 's repast was laid out on the grass on the east side of the Summer House , but her Majesty , finding the sun oppressive , wished to remove to the adjoining shade – and setting the example , took up the first dish , and was followed by the rest of the party , all bearing some portion of the viands . The place selected by the Queen for the rural banquet has since been named `` Adelaide 's Bower . ''
Bardon Park
Bardon Park was a medieval deer park , covering about . Bardon Hill was within the area of the park , and also Bardon Hall ( see below ) . It is said that the area was emparked prior to AD 1300 . The line of the southerly boundary of the park runs a few metres north of the A 511 road .
There are still deer within the area of Bardon park , as well as foxes and badgers . There are breeding pairs of buzzard and peregrine as well as raven and barn owls .
Bardon Hall
The old hall was a moated house , in a shallow valley south of Bardon Hill . In the 1830s , a new hall was built halfway up the hillside . The current hall is a gentleman 's residence with a southerly aspect and with commanding views over the parkland . The old hall was demolished , probably at about the time the new hall was built , but the moat that surrounded the old hall remains . The current hall is a Grade II Listed building and is the head office of Aggregate Industries , the owners of the Bardon Hill Quarry .
For several hundred years Bardon Hall was the home of the Hood family . In the 1830s a Mr Robert Jacomb inherited Bardon Park ( which included Bardon Hill and Bardon Hall ) from William Hood who was a relative of his father 's first wife . Robert took the name Jacomb-Hood .
Bardon Park Chapel
In the 1690s the owner of Bardon Hill and Bardon Park , John Hood , built a Christian meeting house at the gate of the Bardon estate . This is said to be the oldest Non-conformist place of worship in Leicestershire , and indeed over a wide area of the East Midlands .
The date `` 1877 '' is carved in the stonework above the door of the meetinghouse or chapel , this being the date the building was re-modelled . The basic structure of the building is regarded as dating from the 1690s .
The building was originally known as `` Bardon Meetinghouse '' or `` Bardon Park Meetinghouse '' and the congregation worshipping there would have been referred to as `` Bardon Meeting '' . Today , the building is called Bardon Park Chapel .
Bardon village
During the 19th century a village of quarry workers ' cottages was built southwest of Bardon Hill . Bardon village had the postal address `` Bardon Hill '' . The cottages were very close to the quarry , and were demolished in about 1988 .
Parish church
The Church of England parish church of Saint Peter was built in 1899 . It is beside the main A511 road , a short distance east of the Birch Tree public house . It had its own vicar , but is now part of a united benefice with Christ Church , Coalville and St. Michael and All Angels , Ravenstone .
Schools
There have been three school buildings at Bardon .
In the 19th century , before the Elementary Education Act 1870 , there was a Non-conformist `` British School '' day-school in the schoolroom behind Bardon Park Chapel . This was in addition to the Sunday school which operated from 1820 onwards .
Later , a day-school was built in the row of quarryworkers ' cottages near the quarry . This school subsequently moved to a new building nearby . The schoolhouse in the row of quarryworkers ' cottages no longer exists . It was demolished along with the cottages . The second school building still stands and is used as offices and laboratory for Aggregate Industries .
See also
Bardon Hall
Cliffe Hill Mineral Railway
Bardon , Leicestershire
References
Citations
Bibliography
Potter , T. R. ( 1842 ) The History of Charnwood Forest . – The Villages of the District . London : Hamilton , Adams and Co. Reprinted by David Dover , Loughborough
Curtis , John ( 1831 ) A Topographical History of the County of Leicester . Ashby-de-la-Zouch : W. Hextall ; p. 9
Further reading
For detailed information and history , see the book Bardon Hill by Len Noble ( published in 1995 ) . Len Noble describes his book ( 320 pages ) as follows : `` a source book being a collection of papers , anecdotes and published work concerning the ancient enclosure of Bardon Park with additional comment '' . .
For information about 20th century life at Bardon Hill , see the book Marking Time – voices from Bardon published by Mantle Community Arts Limited . Editors Tracey Roberts and Jane Stubbs . Copyright 1995 .
External links
Leicester Climbs – Bardon Hill introduction
Computer generated summit panorama Bardon Hill index
Aggregate Industries – Bardon Hill Quarries 1858 – 1918 An Introduction Part 1
Bardon Quarry geology
A circular walk to Bardon Hill
Charnwood Peaks Walk including Bardon Hill
The Origins of Leicester – An Arthurian Association ?
360 degree photographs from the summit of Bardon Hill
Marilyns of England
Hills of Leicestershire
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire
Surface mines in England
Villages in Leicestershire
Highest points of English counties
North West Leicestershire District
Sorkun is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
Hamblin may refer to :
People
Hamblin ( surname )
Thomas Sowerby Hamblin , British actor and theatre manager
Henry Thomas Hamblin , British author
Robert W. Hamblin , professor and author
Hamblin González , Nicaraguan cyclist
Places
Hamblin , Utah
Hamblin Bay , in Lake Mead
See also
Lee–Hamblin family
Hamlin ( disambiguation )
Condalia velutina , known as zarcigüil , zarzagüil or asebuche , is a species of thorny shrub of the Rhamnaceae family endemic to Mexico .
Description
The bush usually has heights from 2 to 5 meters high with primary branches of 15 to 35 centimeters in length and secondary branches of 3 to 10 centimeters and internodes of 4 to 14 millimeters . The leaves are usually 7 to 19 millimeters long and 5 to 10 millimeters wide with a midrib and 4 to 5 pairs of secondary veins . The fruit when ripe has a color that varies from intense red to light brown , one seed and a length of approximately 10 millimeters ; the fruits are edible , having a bittersweet taste . The bark is often used as an oral pain reliever by making an infusion in water and rinsing the mouth with the resulting liquid .
It is usually found in soils derived from igneous rock , sharing an environment in oak forests ( Quercus ) , thickets and grasslands . Its altitude varies between 1,800 and 2,400 meters above sea level . Its population extends in most of the states of Guanajuato and Querétaro , in the south of San Luis Potosí , north-central Michoacán , northeast of Jalisco , northwest of the State of Mexico and west of Hidalgo .
References
velutina
Endemic flora of Mexico
Plants described in 1939
Milorad Savić ( ; born 27 June 1991 ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Prva Petoletka in Serbian League East , on loan from Radnik Surdulica .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kruševac
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
FK Napredak Kruševac players
FK Mladi Radnik players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Sergei Yurevich Shmelyov or Sergei Shmelev ( born August 28 , 1993 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently under contract with Salavat Yulaev Ufa in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) . He made his KHL debut playing with Atlant Moscow Oblast during the 2012–13 KHL season .
In his fourth season with HC Sochi , Shemlyov led the team in scoring during the 2020–21 season , collecting 21 goals and 43 points in 60 regular season games . As a free agent , Shmelyov was signed to a lucrative one-year contract with Salavat Yulaev Ufa on 6 May 2021 .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Russian ice hockey left wingers
Atlant Moscow Oblast players
People from Nizhnekamsk
Salavat Yulaev Ufa players
HC Sochi players
HC Spartak Moscow players
Sportspeople from Tatarstan
Desvergers , real name Armand-Sacré Chapeau , ( 1794 – 3rd arrondissement of Paris 26 June 1851 ) was a 19th-century French playwright
Biography
Little is known about Desvergers 's life except the few lines that were dedicated to him by the media , in particular on the occasion of his death , as in Le Nouvelliste 1 July 1851 :
It is also known that he married Hélène-Elisa Rachel , 12 December 1822 in the 10th and had at least one son , Étienne-Armand-Albert , born 27 March 1827 ,
Works
He wrote over a hundred vaudevilles , alone or in collaboration , between 1824 and 1848 .
1824 ( 3 August ) : L'Anneau de Gygès , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act with Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1826 ( 9 March ) : Lia , ou une Nuit d'absence , drama-vaudeville in 2 acts with Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville , au bénéfice des incendiés de Salins
1827 ( 16 June ) : L'Avocat , melodrama in 3 acts and extravaganza with Arago at the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique
1827 ( 27 July ) : Le Départ , séjour et retour , roman-vaudeville in 3 periods with Charles Varin and Arago at the Théâtre des Nouveautés
1828 ( 18 March ) : Yelva , ou l'Orpheline russe vaudeville in 2 parts with Scribe and Ferdinand de Villeneuve at the Théâtre de Madame
1828 ( 16 July ) : La Matinée aux contre-temps comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Duvert and Victor at the Théâtre des Nouveautés
1830 ( 3 March ) : Arwed , ou les Représailles , épisode de la guerre d'Amérique , drama in 2 acts mingled with couplets with Varin and Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1831 : Les jeunes bonnes et les vieux garçons , comédie-vaudeville with Varin ; Théâtre Palais-Royal , 15 October . The play was translated into the Russian language by Pyotr Karatygin and was part of the repertoire of the Russian imperial theatres
1833 ( 15 February ) : Une Passion vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin and * * at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1833 ( 16 February ) : Une Répétition générale vaudeville in 1 act , with Scribe and Varin at the Théâtre du Gymnase
1833 : Les femmes d'emprunt , vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin . Le vaudeville a été traduit en russe by Piotr Karatyguine and was part of the repertoire in the Russian imperial theaters ; en 2001 en Russie a été créé le film `` Le Menteur Paleface `` sur la base de ce vaudeville , the director was Vitaly Moskalenko
1834 ( 2 April ) : Théophile , ou Ma vocation comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin et Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1834 ( 25 January ) : Les Malheurs d'un joli garçon vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin and Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville . The vaudeville was translated into the Russian language by Pavel Feodorov and P.I . Valverch
1834 ( 18 November ) : Georgette comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin and Laurencin at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1834 : Ma femme et mon parapluie , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Laurencin and Varin . The vaudeville was translated into the Russian language by Piotr Karatyguine and was part of the repertoire of the imperial Russian theaters .
1835 ( 10 February ) : Les pages de Bassompierre , with Varin and Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville . The play was translated into the Russian language by Dmitry Lensky and was part of the repertoire of the Russian Imperial theaters
1836 ( 2 January ) : Le Oui fatal , ou le Célibataire sans le savoir comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin at the Théâtre de la Porte-Saint-Martin
1836 ( 15 July ) : Le Chapître des informations , comedy in 1 act , with Varin at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1836 : Un bal du grand monde , vaudeville , with Charles Varin ; Théâtre du Vaudeville ( 7 June ) . The vaudeville was translated into the Russian language by Pavel Feodorov
1836 ( 20 June ) : Balthasar , ou le Retour d'Afrique vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin and Derville at the Théâtre des Variétés
1836 ( 20 July ) : Casanova au Fort Saint-André vaudeville in 3 acts , with Varin and Arago at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1836 ( 22 October ) : Le Tour de France , ou un An de travail vaudeville in 1 act , with Varin at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Antoine
1836 ( 30 October ) : Feu mon frère comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , at the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique
1837 ( 21 September ) : Le Tourlourou vaudeville in 5 acts , with Varin and Paul de Kock at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1837 ( 2 December ) : Mal noté dans le quartier tableau populaire in 1 act , with Hippolyte Leroux at the Théâtre du Vaudeville
1838 ( 30 July ) : La Cachuca , ou Trois cœurs tout neufs vaudeville with Martin and Morel at the Théâtre du Gymnase
1838 ( 9 September ) : L'Ouverture de la chasse tableau-vaudeville in 1 act with Gustave Albitte at the Théâtre des Variétés
1839 ( 28 January ) : La Gitana vaudeville in 3 acts with Laurencin at the Théâtre du Gymnase
1839 ( 15 July ) : Les brodequins de Lise vaudeville in 1 act with Laurencin and Gustave Vaëz at the Théâtre du Gymnase . The vaudeville was translated into the Russian language by Piotr Karatyguine and was part of the repertoire of the Russian imperial theaters
1845 ( 12 February ) : L'Article 170 , ou un Mariage à l'étranger comedy in 2 acts with Louis Dugard at the Théâtre royal de l'Odéon
1847 ( 22 May ) : Barbe-Bleue , ou la Fée Perruchette , féérie-vaudeville in 3 acts and 15 tableaux with Aimé Bourdon , music by Joseph-Simon Lautz at the Gymnase des Jeunes-Élèves .
References
External links
Desvergers sur data.bnf.fr
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Place of birth missing
1794 births
Place of death missing
1851 deaths
Rhyolite Islands ( ) is a group of islands and rocks which extend 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) in an east–west direction , lying close off the Rymill Coast of Palmer Land opposite the north side of the mouth of Eureka Glacier , in George VI Sound . Surveyed in 1948 by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) and so named from the rock of which the islands are largely composed . The name `` Grupo Maipo , '' after the Chilean oil tanker Maipo , may refer to these islands roughly charted by the Chilean Antarctic Expedition , 1947 , in about 6954S , 6833W .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Palmer Land
Club Nocturne ( 1998 ) is the 13th studio album ( 14th overall ) from the jazz group Yellowjackets , and their sixth and final release for the Warner Bros. label . The album was nominated for `` Best Contemporary Jazz Album '' Grammy Award .
The album , originally conceived as an all vocal jazz album , contains four tracks with vocals ( five tracks for Japan release ) , featuring vocalists Kurt Elling , Brenda Russell , and Jonathan Butler . It is also the final album recorded during drummer Will Kennedy 's original tenure .
The track `` Spirit of the West '' remains a staple in the Yellowjackets ' live set .
Track listing
Personnel
Yellowjackets
Russell Ferrante – keyboards , acoustic piano
Jimmy Haslip – bass
Will Kennedy – drums
Bob Mintzer – tenor and soprano saxophones
Guest Musicians
Munyungo Jackson – percussion ( 5 )
James Harrah – guitar ( 6 )
Guest Vocalists
Kurt Elling – vocals ( 3 , 10 )
Jonathan Butler – lead vocals ( 5 ) , backing vocals ( 5 )
Richard Page – backing vocals ( 5 )
Brenda Russell – vocals ( 6 )
Gino Vannelli – lead vocals ( 11 )
Production
Yellowjackets – producers
Rich Breen – engineer , mixing
Doug Boehm – assistant engineer
Troy Gonzalez – assistant engineer
Steve Harrison – assistant engineer
Curt Kroeger – assistant engineer
Jason Mauza - assistant engineer
David Nottingham – assistant engineer
Jeff Robinette - assistant engineer
Doug Sax – mastering
Sally G. Poppe – production coordinator
Margi Denton ( Denton Design Associates ) – art direction and design
Hillary Sunenshine ( Denton Design Associates ) – art direction and design
Marina Chavez – photography
Gary Borman – artist management
Studios
Recorded at One on One Studios ( North Hollywood , CA ) ; Royaltone Studios ( Burbank , CA ) ; Sunset Sound ( Hollywood , CA ) .
Mixed at The Village ( West Los Angeles , CA ) ; Sony Music Studios ( Santa Monica , CA ) .
Mastered at The Mastering Lab ( Hollywood , CA ) .
References
1997 albums
Yellowjackets albums
Warner Records albums
Instrumental albums
Andrew Michael Harris ( 29 September 1964 – 10 May 1996 ) was a New Zealand mountain guide who died in the 1996 Mount Everest disaster . Harris was one of the guides for the Adventure Consultants ' 1996 Everest expedition , led by Rob Hall . It was Harris 's first attempt to summit Mount Everest , though he had extensive climbing experience in New Zealand .
Biography
At the time of his death , Harris was survived by his parents Ron and Marry Harris , his older brother David Harris , and his physician girlfriend Fiona McPherson . He was living with McPherson and in the process of building a house with her in the hills outside Queenstown .
At a younger age , Harris was a student at Francis Douglas Memorial College in New Plymouth . During the winter months , Harris was employed as a helicopter skiing guide . During the summers , he worked for scientists conducting archaeological research in Antarctica as a New Zealand Antarctic Research Program ( NZARP ) field leader from 1987 until 1992 , and escorted climbers into New Zealand 's Southern Alps .
In 1985 Harris climbed Chobutse ( 6690m ) , a difficult peak which stands close to Everest . In the fall of 1994 , he helped McPherson in a medical clinic in Pheriche . The clinic 's main purpose was to treat altitude-related illnesses .
1996 Everest disaster
The Adventure Consultants ' Everest expedition of 1996 consisted of three guides ( Rob Hall , Mike Groom , and Andy Harris ) and eight clients ( Frank Fischbeck , Doug Hansen , Stuart Hutchison , Lou Kasischke , Jon Krakauer , Yasuko Namba , John Taske , and Beck Weathers ) .
Before even reaching Base Camp , Harris suffered from multiple gastrointestinal attacks at the lodge in Lobuje , while the party was preparing to go to Base Camp . Despite being advised to remain at Lobuje one more night , Harris proceeded to Base Camp with the rest of the party on 8 April 1996 .
On 8 May during a climb , Harris was struck in the chest by a boulder the size of a small television . Although shocked , Harris continued to climb , but later realized that if the boulder had hit his head , he would not have survived .
Shortly after midnight on 10 May , the Adventure Consultants expedition began a summit attempt from Camp IV , on top of the South Col .
At approximately 1:12 p.m. , Harris , Anatoli Boukreev , and Krakauer reached the top of Everest . They then started to descend . Krakauer asked Harris if Harris could turn off Krakauer 's oxygen , to save it . Harris complied but accidentally turned the oxygen all the way up .
Later on , Harris checked on some oxygen canisters near the Southeast Ridge , and stated they were all empty , which they were not . It is believed Harris was suffering from hypoxia , which would explain some of the irrational actions he took . It has , however , never been proven .
Upon returning to Camp IV Krakauer , possibly suffering from the effects of hypoxia , believed he had encountered Harris on the ridge above camp . Krakauer reported having seen him fall over the ridge to camp , stand , and stumble back towards camp . Krakauer , meanwhile , took the longer route around back to the tents but reported to others at camp that Harris had safely returned . Months later , while interviewing Mountain Madness client Martin Adams , Krakauer realized that the climber he encountered was in fact Adams and not Harris . In the morning , on May 11 , after a search of camp , the climbers at Camp IV realized that Harris was missing .
Krakauer , who survived the disaster , wrote a magazine article and then a book on the subject after the events . Regarding his failure to recognize that Andy Harris was weakened and acting irrationally from altitude and lack of oxygen , Krakauer wrote that his own `` actions – or failure to act – played a direct role in the death of Andy Harris . ''
Harris 's ice axe and jacket were found near Rob Hall 's body several days later . Before he died , Hall also mentioned that Harris had been with him , but was now missing . It is likely that Harris went to aid Rob Hall and Doug Hansen when they were trapped higher up on the mountain as the storm came in . It is unknown what happened to him , as his body was never found .
Memorial
A few minutes from Gorakshep towards the Everest Base Camp , a memorial was built for the members of the Adventure Consultants ' team that died during the expedition : Andy Harris , Rob Hall , Doug Hansen and Yasuko Namba .
Legacy
In 1998 , New Zealand Geographic Board named a peak at Victoria Land , Antarctica , after Harris . Harris Peak is located between Mount Hall and Ball Peak , names associated with Harris 's .
For his bravery , Harris received the New Zealand Bravery Star in 1999 , and his old school held a special tribute in his honor .
In the 2015 film Everest , Harris was portrayed by actor Martin Henderson .
See also
List of Mount Everest guides
References
1964 births
1996 deaths
New Zealand mountain climbers
Mountain guides
Mountaineering deaths on Mount Everest
Recipients of the New Zealand Bravery Star
People educated at Francis Douglas Memorial College
William Milo Olin ( September 18 , 1845 – April 15 , 1911 ) was an American journalist and politician who served as the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth . Olin was born in Warrenton , Georgia to parents from Massachusetts , and in 1850 his family moved back to Massachusetts , where he attended school in Worcester and Grafton . Enlisting in the 36th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry in 1862 during the American Civil War , he eventually rose through the ranks to lieutenant colonel , assistant adjutant general , and Adjutant General . After the American Civil Was Olin went to work for The Boston Advertiser . In the fourteen years Olin worked for the Advertiser he was , in succession , a reporter , editor and Washington , D.C. correspondent of that newspaper . He was later a private secretary to Massachusetts Governors Thomas Talbot and John Davis Long and U.S . Senator Henry L. Dawes . A Republican , he served as Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1892 until he died in Boston on April 15 , 1911 . At the time of his death , he was chief of staff of the National Grand Army of the Republic .
References
1845 births
1911 deaths
Secretaries of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Politicians from Boston
People from Warrenton , Georgia
Massachusetts Republicans
Boston Daily Advertiser people
19th-century American politicians
Grand Army of the Republic officials
The system of highways in Tarrant County , Texas consists of approximately of the state highway system in the state of Texas . The entire system is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) . The system of highways in Tarrant County consists of Interstate Highways , U.S . Highways , State Highways , State Loop and Spur highways , Farm to Market Roads , business routes , and Park Roads .
There are currently four Interstates located inside the borders of Tarrant County . They consist of two main highways , Interstate 20 ( I-20 ) and I-30 , one Auxiliary Interstate ( I-820 ) , and one suffixed route ( I-35W ) . There are also three U.S . Highways located in Tarrant County . The U.S . Highways consist of U.S. Highway 287 ( US 287 ) , US 81 ( which is concurrent with US 287 throughout its course though Tarrant County ) , and US 377 . There are also seven State Highways , several spur highways , over 20 Farm to Market Roads , and several assorted business routes .
Highways
Interstate Highways and U.S . Highways
Of the four interstate highways in Tarrant County , two runs west-east , one runs south-north , and one makes a loop around Fort Worth . Interstate 20 , which runs west-east , spends approximately inside the borders of Tarrant County . Interstate 30 , which begins just west of Tarrant County , and travels west-east , spends approximately inside the county 's borders . Interstate 35W , which travels south-north , travels approximately inside the borders of Tarrant . Interstate 820 , located entirely inside Tarrant , and forms a loop around Fort Worth , is approximately long , and is the longest interstate in Tarrant County .
Of the three U.S . Highways , two runs in a southeast-northwest direction , and the other runs southwest-northeasterly . U.S. Route 287 , which runs from the southeast edge of Tarrant County to the northwest edge of the county , and is a limited-access freeway through its entire course in the county . The highway spends approximately inside Tarrant County . U.S. Route 81 runs concurrent with U.S. Route 287 from 81 's eastern terminus with I-35W to the northwestern border of the county . The highway spends approximately inside the borders of the County . U.S. Route 377 , which runs from the southwest corner north to the northeast corner , spends approximately inside the county borders .
State Highways
There are currently seven state highways located in Tarrant County . The length of the highways varies from about inside Tarrant County ( which is held by Texas State Highway 183 ) , to just a little over , held by Texas State Highway 10 . Of the seven highways , five are built to freeway standards for a large portion of their route .
As of 2010 , there are no loop highways designated in Tarrant County . There are several spur routes , though . There are , as of 2010 , ten spur highways , which range in length from Spur 303 , which spends approximately inside Tarrant , to Spur 465 , which is located entirely inside Tarrant County , and is only about long .
Park Roads
There are , as of 2010 , no park roads located inside the borders of Tarrant County . There are also zero state parks located inside Tarrant County , which is what usually causes the designation of a road to become a park road .
There are also no Texas recreational routes located inside Tarrant County . These routes are usually assigned to connect a park to a major highway or city .
Farm to Market Roads
Because Tarrant County is heavily urbanized , many of the Farm to Market Roads located in the county have been redesignated as Urban Roads by TxDOT , but are still officially signed as Farm to Market Roads . There are , as of 2010 , 16 Farm to Market Roads ( FMs ) located in Tarrant County . The length of these routes ranges from over long , held by FM 1187 , to FM 718 , which spends only about inside Tarrant County .
List of Interstate Highways and U.S . Highways
Notes
References
Transportation in Tarrant County , Texas
Tarrant
Group D of the 2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II was one of four pools in the Americas Zone Group II of the 2001 Fed Cup . Three teams competed in a round robin competition , with each team being assigned to its respective play-off region .
Cuba vs. Barbados
Guatemala vs. El Salvador
Cuba vs. Guatemala
El Salvador vs. Barbados
Cuba vs. El Salvador
Guatemala vs. Barbados
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone
James Kerrigan ( December 25 , 1828 – November 1 , 1899 ) was an American military veteran who served one term as a United States representative from New York from 1861 to 1863 .
Biography
He was born in New York City . He completed preparatory studies and attended Fordham College .
Military service
Kerrigan served in Company D , First Regiment , New York Volunteer Infantry , during the Mexican–American War . After the war , he accompanied the Walker filibustering expedition to Nicaragua as a captain and served for a brief period as alcalde of the Nicaraguan capital .
Political career
Kerrigan returned to New York City and was elected alderman of the sixth ward . He also served as clerk of the Manhattan Police Court .
Upon the outbreak of the American Civil War , he organized and then was commissioned Colonel of the 25th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment , in the Union Army and served from May 19 , 1861 , until February 21 , 1862 .
Kerrigan was accused of harboring Confederate sympathies , and of not maintaining good order and discipline among his troops , and was allowed to resign his command .
Congress
He was elected as an Independent Democrat to the Thirty-seventh Congress ( March 4 , 1861 – March 3 , 1863 ) . While serving in the House , Kerrigan was arrested and removed from the floor for continuing to speak after his allotted time had expired in opposition to a bill funding the abolition of slavery in Missouri .
Later career
After leaving Congress , he became an enthusiastic Irish Nationalist and when the invasion of Canada was planned in 1866 led a company across the border . In 1867 , he commanded the vessel Erin 's Hope , which landed arms and ammunition on the Irish coast . He also accompanied an expedition to Alaska in 1899 and returned in bad health .
Death
He died in Brooklyn , New York November 1 , 1899 and was buried in Saint Raymond 's Cemetery .
References
External links
1828 births
1899 deaths
American expatriates in Nicaragua
Politicians from New York City
People of New York ( state ) in the American Civil War
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Union Army colonels
Fordham University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
Catholics from New York ( state )
Burials at Saint Raymond 's Cemetery ( Bronx )
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Navrongo Central is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana . It elects one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election . Navrongo Central is located in the Kassena/Nankana district of the Upper East Region of Ghana .
Boundaries
The seat is located entirely within the Kassena/Nankana district of the Upper East Region of Ghana .
Members of Parliament
Elections
Joseph Kofi Adda ( NPP ) won the by-election held on 25 March 2003 by a majority of 7271 , following the death of John Setuni Achuliwor ( NPP ) who died on 29 January 2003 after a road traffic accident on 25 January 2003 .
See also
List of Ghana Parliament constituencies
References
Parliamentary constituencies in the Upper East Region
Reid Bluff ( ) is a bluff rising to 2040 m , at the head of Donnally Glacier , Churchill Mountains . Named in honor of B. E. Reid , a member of the 1959 Cape Hallett winter-over team , working as a biologist on the geomagnetic project .
Cliffs of Oates Land
This article is about the history of Saturday Night Live from 2010 through 2015 .
2010–2011 season
The 2010–11 season of Saturday Night Live began September 25 , 2010 with host Amy Poehler and musical guest Katy Perry . Before the start of the new season , four new cast members were added to fill the gap left behind by Will Forte ( who quit the show after eight years ) , Jenny Slate ( who was fired after her first season on the show ) , Abby Elliott ( who was promoted to repertory player ) , and Bobby Moynihan ( also promoted ) , improv comedians Paul Brittain and Vanessa Bayer , former MADtv and The Amanda Show cast member Taran Killam , and stand-up comic/impressionist Jay Pharoah .
Opening montage
The opening montage remained the same as the previous season 's , but with Will Forte and Jenny Slate removed . Scenes with Vanessa Bayer ( sitting at an outdoor cafe ) , Paul Brittain ( riding a bike down Midtown ) , Taran Killam ( playing table tennis ) , and Jay Pharoah ( showing off his breakdancing moves ) were added .
Bumper format
The commercial bumpers remained mostly the same as the previous season . All references of SNL '' 's 35 years on the air were removed . Some bumpers showcased the host or musical guest ( s ) moving .
Cast
Fred Armisen
Abby Elliott
Bill Hader
Seth Meyers
Bobby Moynihan
Andy Samberg
Jason Sudeikis
Kenan Thompson
Kristen WiigFeaturing Vanessa Bayer
Paul Brittain
Taran Killam
Nasim Pedrad
Jay Pharoah
Notes
Will Forte , who had been with the show since 2002 and completed 8 seasons , announced on August 26 , 2010 that he would be leaving the show . Featured player Jenny Slate was let go from the show after only one season .
Abby Elliott and Bobby Moynihan were promoted to repertory status , becoming the first featured players to be promoted since the 2006–07 season .
The show hired four new cast members : Chicago improv comedians Vanessa Bayer and Paul Brittain ; stand-up comic/impressionist Jay Pharoah ; and comedic actor Taran Killam of The Groundlings . Killam became the second actor to have been a cast member on both MADtv and SNL , the first being Jeff Richards who joined SNL in 2001 and departed in early 2004 .
Former cast member Amy Poehler hosted the season premiere . Poehler was the fourth female former cast member of SNL to return as a host , the third to have worked under Lorne Michaels , and the second one to have been a Weekend Update anchor . She was also the 26th former cast member to return to host .
With this season , Jeff Bridges surpassed Sigourney Weaver 's record for longest gap between hosting appearances ( Weaver 's gap was 24 years between her first appearance in 1986 and her second appearance in 2010 ; Bridges has a 27-year gap between his first appearance in 1983 and his second appearance in 2010 ) .
2011–2012 season
The 2011–12 season of Saturday Night Live premiered on September 24 , 2011 , with host Alec Baldwin and musical guest Radiohead .
Opening montage
The opening remains the same as the last two seasons . However , as of the Channing Tatum/Bon Iver episode , featured player Paul Brittain is no longer shown in the featured player montage , as he left the cast after the Daniel Radcliffe/Lana Del Rey episode . New featured player Kate McKinnon was added to the featured player montage as of the Sofia Vergara/One Direction episode .
Bumper format
Cast
Fred Armisen
Abby Elliott
Bill Hader
Seth Meyers
Bobby Moynihan
Nasim Pedrad
Andy Samberg
Jason Sudeikis
Kenan Thompson
Kristen WiigFeaturing Vanessa Bayer
Paul Brittain ( final episode : January 14 , 2012 )
Taran Killam
Kate McKinnon ( first episode : April 7 , 2012 )
Jay Pharoah
Notes
Featured player Kate McKinnon ( a former cast member on Logo 's The Big Gay Sketch Show ) joins mid-season , making her first appearance in April , on the episode hosted by Sofia Vergara . McKinnon is SNL 's first openly gay female cast member , the third lesbian cast member hired ( after Denny Dillon in 1980 , though she was n't open when she was on the show , and Danitra Vance in 1985 , though Vance 's sexual orientation was n't known until she died in 1994 ) , the second cast member hired to be openly gay ( after Terry Sweeney , who like Danitra Vance , was also from the 1985–86 season ) , and the second white lesbian cast member hired ( after Denny Dillon ) . McKinnon is also the first cast member from The Big Gay Sketch Show to be a cast member on SNL ( and the second cast member from The Big Gay Sketch Show to cross over to a mainstream sketch comedy show . Erica Ash , from MADtv 's 14th and final season on FOX , is the first ) .
2012–2013 season
The 2012–13 season of Saturday Night Live premiered on September 15 , 2012 , with host Seth MacFarlane and musical guest Frank Ocean .
Opening montage
The opening montage introduced in the season 38 premiere features still photos of each cast member interspersed among a New York City background . The cast photos are edited to look like separate images merging to form one picture . The photo of the host features it over a crowded street , while the photo of the musical guest is over the Brooklyn Bridge . As of the Joseph Gordon-Levitt/Mumford & Sons episode , the opening was slightly modified , Jason Sudeikis and Kate McKinnon 's photos were also changed and the photos of the host and musical guest had switched places . ( photo of the host behind the Brooklyn Bridge , the musical guest behind the city street ) .
Bumper format
The bumper format for this season is similar to that of the 2006–07 season . The guests ' pictures are heavily shadowed with variously colored silhouettes behind them . The bumpers also do not utilize many colors ; the typical colors being black , white , blue , and yellow with the occasional red and green .
Cast
Fred Armisen
Vanessa Bayer
Bill Hader
Taran Killam
Seth Meyers
Bobby Moynihan
Nasim Pedrad
Jay Pharoah
Jason Sudeikis
Kenan ThompsonFeaturingAidy Bryant
Kate McKinnon
Tim Robinson
Cecily Strong
2013–2014 season
The 2013–14 season of Saturday Night Live premiered on September 28 , 2013 , with host Tina Fey and musical guest Arcade Fire .
Opening montage
The opening montage is the same as last season 's , only Cecily Strong 's photo was changed , Bill Hader , Fred Armisen , Tim Robinson ( who is now on the writing staff ) , and Jason Sudeikis have been removed ( and later , Seth Meyers after the Melissa McCarthy/Imagine Dragons episode ) , and the new cast members were added , starting with Kyle Mooney , Beck Bennett , Noël Wells , John Milhiser , Michael Patrick O'Brien ( credited as `` Mike O'Brien '' ) , and Brooks Wheelan on the Tina Fey/Arcade Fire season premiere episode , Sasheer Zamata on the episode with Drake as host and musical guest , and Colin Jost on the Jim Parsons/Beck episode .
Bumper format
The bumper format remains the same as last season 's . Some bumpers showcase the musical guest ( s ) , or host , moving .
Cast
Vanessa Bayer
Aidy Bryant
Taran Killam
Kate McKinnon
Seth Meyers ( final episode : February 1 , 2014 )
Bobby Moynihan
Nasim Pedrad
Jay Pharoah
Cecily Strong
Kenan ThompsonFeaturingBeck Bennett
Colin Jost ( first episode : March 1 , 2014 )
John Milhiser
Kyle Mooney
Mike O'Brien
Noël Wells
Brooks Wheelan
Sasheer Zamata ( first episode : January 18 , 2014 )
Notes
On May 12 , 2013 , NBC announced that Weekend Update anchor Seth Meyers ( who had been a cast member since 2001 , and Weekend Update anchor since 2006 ) , would be the new host of Late Night in 2014 , succeeding Jimmy Fallon as he takes over as the new host of The Tonight Show . Meyers remained as Update anchor for the first half of the season , then left in February 2014 , to host his incarnation of Late Night . On September 16 , 2013 , it was announced that Cecily Strong would be Meyers ' co-anchor on Weekend Update .
Six new cast members have been hired , Upright Citizens Brigade performers Beck Bennett , John Milhiser , Kyle Mooney , and Noël Wells , stand-up comedian Brooks Wheelan ( who originally was hired as a writer until Tim Robinson was chosen instead ) , and four-year writer Michael Patrick O'Brien ( credited as `` Mike O'Brien '' ) . This is the highest number of cast members hired since season 21 ( 1995–96 ) and , with the addition of Sasheer Zamata , this season has the most female cast members with seven , surpassing the number of six in the 1991–92 ( season 17 ) cast .
2014–2015 season
The 2014–15 season of Saturday Night Live premiered on September 27 , 2014 , with host Chris Pratt and musical guest Ariana Grande .
Opening montage
The opening montage introduced in the season 40 premiere is in the same vein as the 2009–12 opening , in which we see the cast members engage in various locations of New York City . In addition , there is a completely new logo as well as a revamped theme song , which is a hybrid of the 2009 and 2012 themes .
Bumper format
The bumper colors for this season are mainly black and white with occasional lighter colors . Also , some bumpers feature photos of the host and musical guest either hanging around Studio 8H or outside NBC Studios . Those photos are also black and white either with hints of color or without .
Cast
Vanessa Bayer
Aidy Bryant
Taran Killam
Kate McKinnon
Bobby Moynihan
Jay Pharoah
Cecily Strong
Kenan ThompsonFeaturingBeck Bennett
Michael Che
Pete Davidson
Leslie Jones ( first episode : October 25 , 2014 )
Colin Jost
Kyle Mooney
Sasheer Zamata
Notes
Former writer Michael Che , returns to SNL to co-anchor Weekend Update , replacing Cecily Strong , who remains on the show . Che had initially left the show at the end of last season to be a correspondent on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart '' .
References
2010
2010s in American television
Saturday Night Live in the 2010s
The George Mason Patriots baseball team is an intercollegiate baseball team representing George Mason University in NCAA Division I college baseball and has made six appearances in the NCAA Tournament .
George Mason participates as a full member of the Atlantic 10 Conference . They have won four regular season championships and two tournaments as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association .
History
Conference
1968–1981 : Independent
1982–1985 : Eastern College Athletic Conference
1986–2013 : Colonial Athletic Association
2014–present : Atlantic 10 Conference
Head coaches
Year-by-year results
NCAA tournament
The NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament started in 1947 .
The format of the tournament has changed through the years .
Notable players
Justin Bour , 1B - Los Angeles Dodgers
Shawn Camp , RP - Retired
Mike Colangelo , OF - Retired
Jake Kalish , RP
Chris O'Grady , RP - Free Agent
Chris Widger , C - Retired *
Logan Driscoll , C - Tampa Bay Rays
Tyler Zombro , RP - Tampa Bay Rays organization
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball programs
References
Baseball teams established in 1968
Tony Currie ( born 1951 ) is a Scottish broadcaster who most recently worked as a continuity announcer for BBC Scotland .
He began working in radio at KPFK Radio in Los Angeles in 1972 before joining Scotland 's first independent local radio station , Radio Clyde , a year later as the first voice on air . In April 1976 , he joined Scottish Television as a continuity announcer , after freelancing at the station as a trail voiceover . He became chief announcer , reading the daily lunchtime and late evening Scottish News bulletins , and bulletins within the nightly regional news programme , Scotland Today .
After leaving Scottish in January 1987 , he became Controller of Programmes for the Cable Authority and latterly , cable programming controller for the Independent Television Commission . After a spell as chief executive of AsiaVision , he set up the Irish satellite television station Tara Television as director of programmes before becoming chairman and chief executive of Cambridge Cafe Radio .
He then became a television Announcer-Director for BBC Scotland 's television channels BBC ONE Scotland and BBC TWO Scotland , taking a year out to schedule , produce and present BBC Radio Scotland 's overnight strand , Nightshift , and as host of that programme he was the first person to broadcast from the Corporation 's new headquarters at Pacific Quay , Glasgow .
He has chaired both the Royal Television Society Scotland and the Radio Academy in Scotland .
As a writer he 's contributed to Radio Times , TV Times , The Guardian , The Herald , Scotland on Sunday , Glasgow Evening Times , and was a regular columnist for Broadcast magazine , Broadcast Systems International , The Times Educational Supplement , and Communications Monthly .
He has written three published books - `` A Concise History of British Television '' ( Kelly Publications , 2003 ) , `` The Radio Times Story '' ( Kelly Publications , 2001 ) and `` Not Quite Altogether Now ! '' ( Neil Wilson Publishing , 2009 ) ( the story of the launch and early days of radio Clyde ) .
He is currently Director of an internet radio station , Radio Six International , which syndicates its programming to 56 radio stations around the world . He currently presents various weekly shows including Nothing But The Best and The Lively Lounge .
In 1993 , Currie led a failed bid for Radio Six to win the new regional FM licence for Central Scotland as a 24-hour news and speech station . The consortium lost out to Scot FM ( now Heart Scotland ) .
External links
Radio Six International official site
References
Radio and television announcers
Scottish radio presenters
1951 births
Living people
Vedkosten Peak ( ) is a 2,285 m tall bare peak standing 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) southeast of Hoggestabben Butte in the Muhlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition ( 1956–60 ) and named Vedkosten ( the wooden broom ) .
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Gerstley is a former settlement in Inyo County , California .
It was located on the Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad , north of Shoshone .
Gerstley was founded around 1921 , and named in honor of James Gerstley , Sr. by his business associate Francis Marion Smith who built the Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad . Together with Richard C. Baker , the three men had formed Borax Consolidated , Ltd. in 1899 .
References
History of the Mojave Desert region
Former settlements in Inyo County , California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad
Former populated places in California
The surface of Venus is dominated by geologic features that include volcanoes , large impact craters , and aeolian erosion and sedimentation landforms . Venus has a topography reflecting its single , strong crustal plate , with a unimodal elevation distribution ( over 90 % of the surface lies within an elevation of -1.0 and 2.5 km ) that preserves geologic structures for long periods of time . Studies of the Venusian surface are based on imaging , radar , and altimetry data collected from several exploratory space probes , particularly Magellan , since 1961 ( see Venus Exploration ) . Despite its similarities to Earth in size , mass , density , and possibly composition , Venus has a unique geology that is unlike Earth 's . Although much older than Earth 's , the surface of Venus is relatively young compared to other terrestrial planets ( < 500 million years old ) , possibly due to a global-scale resurfacing event that buried much of the previous rock record . Venus is believed to have approximately the same bulk elemental composition as Earth , due to the physical similarities , but the exact composition is unknown . The surface conditions on Venus are more extreme than on Earth , with temperatures ranging from 453 to 473 °C and pressures of 95 bar . Venus lacks water , which makes crustal rock stronger and helps preserve surface features . The features observed provide evidence for the geological processes at work . Twenty feature types have been categorized thus far . These classes include local features , such as craters , coronae , and undae , as well as regional-scale features , such as planitiae , plana , and tesserae .
Plains
Plains are large areas of relatively flat topography on Venus that form at varying elevations . Plains with elevations within 1–3 km of the datum are referred to as lowland plans , or planitiae , and those above are named highland plains , or plana . Plains cover 80 % of the Venusian surface , and , unlike those seen on other silicate planets , are heavily faulted or fractured throughout . Structurally , these plains contain features such as wrinkle ridges , grabens ( fossa and linea ) , fractures , scarps ( rupes ) , troughs , hills ( collis ) , and dikes in both local and region scales . Plains often contain visible flow patterns , indicating a source from volcanic lava flows . The more pronounced lave flow fields are named fluctūs . The presence of surface flow patterns , in conjunction with crosscutting valleys , has given rise to the hypothesis that these plains likely formed by global lava flows over a short timescale and were subsequently exposed to compressional and extensional stresses . Structurally , plains are often deformed in belts of ridges ( dorsa ) or fractures ( lineae ) of various orientation and morphology .
Channels/valles
The surface of Venus contains over 200 channel systems and named valles , that resemble terrestrial rivers . These channels vary in length and width and are commonly found in planar regions of the planet . Channel length and width ranges from the minimum resolution of Magellan imaging to over 6800 km long ( Baltis Vallis ) and up to 30 km wide . Their global distribution is not uniform , and tend to concentrate around the equatorial region , near volcanic structures . Venusian valles also show characteristics of flows , such as levees on the margins and downstream narrowing and shallowing . Channels also do not contain tributaries , despite their large scale . However , because of the high surface temperature of Venus , liquid water is unstable , making their comparison with terrestrial rivers difficult . These features are similar to lava flows on other terrestrial planets , which has led to the conclusion that these valleys likely formed from volcanic flows . This is also suggested by the evidence of cooled lava flows filling the valles . Channels likely formed in very short timescales ( 1–100 years ) , indicating very fast movement and erosion of lavas . Venusian channels are classified by morphology and include three types : simple , complex , and compound .
Simple channels are single channel valleys with little to no branching or anastomosing . Types of simple channels observed on Venus include sinuous rilles , simple channels with flow margins , and canali . Sinuous rilles are like those seen on the Moon ; narrow erosive channels that originate from regions of volcanic collapse , such as coronae . Simple channels with flow margin are located in obvious flow fields , have an undefined source and end , and are believed to feed into large flows from surrounding volcanics . Canali , like the Baltis Vallis , are long flows with constant width and depth that may contain abandoned channels , bends , and levees , indicating they are sourced from large amounts of thick lavas .
Complex channels are channels that can be braided , anastomosing , or in distributary patterns . They commonly form on lava flow deposits , but also occur elsewhere . Complex channels without flow margins may form part of a larger flow system , and form as channels of lava flows erode into the crust . Complex channels with flow margins appear as non-erosional , and their individual channels are separated by islands of crust of differing radar qualities .
Compound channels show simple and complex channel structures . These channels usually begin as simple channels and bifurcate and meander as flow energy decreases on its distal reaches .
Volcanism
Volcanic centers
Over 1100 volcanic structures over 20 km in diameter have been identified on Venus , and it is assumed that smaller structures probably number many times these . These structures include large volcanic edifices , shield volcano fields , and individual calderas . Each of these structures represents a center of extrusive magma eruption and differences in amount of magma released , depth of the magma chamber , and rate of magma replenishment effect volcano morphology . When compared to Earth , the number of preserved volcanic zones is staggering , and this is based on Venus ' strong crust due to a lack of water . Volcanic centers on Venus are not distributed evenly , as over half of the centers are found in and around the Beta-Atla-Themis region , which covers < 30 % of the planet 's surface . These tend to occur in mid to upper altitudes , where rifting and extension are common , and they signal mantle upwellings to the surface . Volcanic centers on Venus are characterized in two main categories based on the ability or inability to create a shallow magma reservoir : Large flows originating from a single edifice or extensive regions with many small eruption sites clustered together .
Single volcanoes denote a single , large edifice . Volcanoes of this type include large volcanoes ( > 100 km in diameter , often named mons , examples : Theia Mons and Maat Mons ) , intermediate volcanoes ( 20–100 km in diameter ) , and calderas . These single-eruption-center volcanoes are sustained by a shallow magma chamber in the crust . The magma chamber is replenished by magma from mantle upwelling and decompression melting , causing pooling and trapping of a reservoir . The trapping of a magma chamber allows long-term eruption , and results in magma flows that may create large volcanic domes and flow deposits . The extrusion of magma to the surface is often linked to rifting or extensional tectonics in the region , and the shape of the dome or magma flow field is determined by the chemistry and viscosity of the magma . Each of these types of volcanoes can further be described based on the shape of the dome created , number of edifices present , presence of rifting along the dome , radial fracturing , or collapse of the magma chamber . Intermediate volcanoes with domical surface cones are named tholus , and pancake-shaped volcanoes are named farrum . Calderas are circular depressions on the surface believed to have formed by deformation above a cooling magma chamber . Calderas on Venus are characterized as simple , single depressions , called coronae , and complex , radially fractured zones , called arachnoids . Some calderas are named patera .
Shield field are regions 100–200 km in diameter that contain many small , mostly shield , volcanoes ( < 20 km ) . Such fields may have tens to hundreds of shield volcanoes . Rarely , individual shield volcanoes will be named colles . These fields form in areas where the magma replenishment rate is too low to produce a magma reservoir in the crust , resulting in several small eruptions on a regional scale . The dominance of shield-type volcanoes in these regions has led to the name shield fields .
Coronae
Coronae are large , circular structures with concentric fractures around them that result from mantle upwelling followed by extensional collapse . Since many sequences of upwelling and collapse have been observed as structurally different coronae on Venus ' surface , all coronae appear to share a sequence of heavy volcanism as a result of upwelling , topographic rise , tectonic deformation , subsidence due to gravitational collapse , and continued volcanism . Coronae on Venus differ in the location of topographic uplift , and have been characterized as such . Topographic uplift may occur in the depression , the rim , the outer rim , or a combination of these locations . A collapsing coronae coupled with extensional stressing may result in rifting , creating a chasmata region .
Large lava flow fields
Large lava flow fields are described as flood-type lava that can be seen in fluctus fields . These are regions flooded with many low-viscosity volcanic flows from a single source that covers the area in a continuous flow field . Some flows may be radially distributed around a volcano of coronae as an apron , be fan-shaped , or sub-parallel in their orientation . Large flow fields may be sourced from large volcanoes , calderas , rift structures , or shield volcano fields and they are often associated with extensional environments .
Topographic rises
Topographic rises are domal-shaped areas of high topography that result from both volcanic and tectonic processes . These areas range from 1–4 km above the datum and 1000–3000 km across . These rises are associated with high-density anomalies , which indicate a source from mantle plumes beneath the crust that warp and uplift the region . Of the topographic rises on Venus , three types have been identified based on their dominating tectonic or volcanic morphology : volcano dominated , rift dominated , and corona dominated . Volcano-dominated rises , such as the Bell Regio , have volcanoes atop the topographic rise . Rift-dominated rises are uplifted by rifting and thinning of the lithosphere and include the Beta Regio and the overlying Theia Mons . In a coronae-dominated rise , uplift is caused by the gravitational collapse and extension of a magma chamber , and include the Themis Regio .
Tesserae
Tesserae are a feature unique to Venus and are characterized as continent-sized regions of high topography ( 1 to > 5 km above the datum ) that are heavily deformed , often with complex patterns of ridges . These areas are formed by the intersection of at least two structural components . Tesserae are classified based on their structural components . Types of Tesserae Examples include Ishtar Terra and Aphrodite Terra . Tesserae are considered to be the oldest surface features on Venus because of their extensive deformation , and may reflect conditions on Venus before a global resurfacing event . Some of the ridges found on tesserae terrains , particularly in Ishtar Terra , form large mountain ( or mons ) belts . Along the equatorial and southern latitudes , tesserae are labeled regiones , while those in northern latitudes are labeled tessera .
Impact craters
Impact craters are roughly circular shaped depressions in the surface of a planet due to high velocity impacts with extraterrestrial bodies . The surface of Venus contains almost 1000 impact craters . However , unlike some planets in our system , Venus ' thick atmosphere creates a strong shield that decelerates , flattens , and can fracture incoming projectiles . The Venusian surface is devoid of small craters ( ≤30–50 km in size ) because of the effect the atmosphere has on small bodies . Depending on the angle of impact , velocity , size , and strength of the approaching body , the atmosphere may tear and crush the projectile , essentially melting it in the air . This is an important observation for studies of the surface of Venus , as crater are used to determine relative ages and to approximate absolute ages of surface features .
Craters on Venus are kept in pristine condition , thus making their classification and impact mechanics easy to interpret . Small projectiles burn up in the atmosphere , and those that make it to the surface break into smaller pieces , creating clusters of impact craters similar in appearance to circular lunar craters . As crater size increases , the chance of breakup in the atmosphere decreases and the impact craters become more circular with central peaks from isostatic rebound of the crust . The atmosphere can flatten and slow larger meteoroids to terminal velocity and cause them to explode on impact or near the surface , showering the region in debris . The shockwave from these explosions can flatten the surrounding area for several kilometers . Large impacts create parabolic excavation cones and flows of lava-like debris .
Aeolian structures
Recent Magellan images show over 6000 aeolian landforms , including dunes ( or undae ) , wind streaks , and yardangs . Undae and yardangs have direct analogues on Earth and the process that creates them here can be applied to those seen on Venus . Large dune fields have been identified on the surface and the dunes range in size from meters to hundreds of meters . Similarly , yardang fields may exist in locations such as Mead crater . Wind streaks are parallel linear streaks that form as prevailing winds erode the surface geology . These features illustrate the erosive effect the atmosphere has on the surface of Venus .
See also
Geology of Venus
Planetary nomenclature
List of geological features on Venus
List of coronae on Venus
List of craters on Venus
List of extraterrestrial dune fields
List of montes on Venus
List of terrae on Venus
References
External links
Markha may refer to :
Markha , a former village , incorporated into the city of Yakutsk , Sakha Republic , Russia
Markha , Olyokminsky District , a village in Olyokminsky District , Sakha Republic , Russia
Markha ( Vilyuy ) , a tributary of the Vilyuy in the Sakha Republic , Russia
Markha ( Lena ) , a tributary of the Lena in the Sakha Republic , Russia
Markha River ( India ) , a river in Ladakh , India
The Ministry of Justice of Armenia ( ) is an Armenian government agency which possesses executive authority and executes policies of the Government of Armenia in sectors that are closely associated with laws and regulations . The ministry oversees the operations of the following agencies :
Compulsory Enforcement Service
Penitentiary Service
Probation Service
The ministry was founded in 1918 by the government of Hovhannes Kajaznuni of the newly-formed Republic of Armenia .
History
In 1920 , the Revolutionary Committee of the Armenian SSR founded the People 's Commissariat of Justice , which began to control the Armenian prosecutor 's office in December 1923 . The Communist Party of Armenia was in-active from 1930 to 1933 , of which during those three years , the justice system of Armenia was administered by the Procurator General of the Soviet Union and the Supreme Court of the USSR . In 1936 , the prosecutor 's office and the investigative bodies were separated from the People 's Court of Justice , and the People 's Commissariat was reorganized into the Ministry of Justice . It operated until 1959 , when its functions were exercised by the Supreme Court until the 1970s . By order of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR of November 2 , 1970 , the Ministry of Justice of the Armenian SSR was reestablished and became the precursor to the Ministry of Justice of Armenia which was founded in 1991 , following the USSR 's demise .
The Ministry also oversees the registration of political parties in Armenia . As of March 2021 , there are 91 political parties that are registered with the Ministry of Justice .
List of ministers
First Republic of Armenia
People 's Candidates and Ministers of Justice of the Soviet Socialists of Armenia
Justice Ministers of the Republic of Armenia
See also
Justice ministry
Հայաստանի արդարադատության նախարար ( Minister of Justice of Armenia )
ՀՀ արդարադատության նախարարություն ( Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Armenia )
Politics of Armenia
References
Justice ministries
Government of Armenia
Peniche Everton Romualdo or simply Peniche ( born January 16 , 1979 ) is a former Brazilian professional footballer .
Club career
He made his debut in Russia in the Russian First Division in 1998 for FC Arsenal Tula .
Honours
Russian Premier League champion : 1999 .
References
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Clube Atlético Juventus players
FC Arsenal Tula players
FC Spartak Moscow players
União Bandeirante Futebol Clube players
Russian Premier League players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
Justin Green may refer to :
Justin Green ( fullback ) ( born 1982 ) , American football fullback
Justin Green ( cornerback ) ( born 1991 ) , American football cornerback
Justin Green ( cartoonist ) ( 1945–2022 ) , American cartoonist
Frances Louise Bertram ( later Hulbig , March 30 , 1908 – October 18 , 1996 ) was a Canadian pair skater .
She was born in Toronto , Ontario to Robert McKenzie Bertram and Louisa Hope Hodgens .
As Louise Bertram , she and her partner , Stewart Reburn , were dubbed `` the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers of the ice world '' and were Canadian seniors pairs champions in 1935 .
Her partnership with Reburn ended in 1938 when he was spotted by world champion Norwegian skater Sonja Henie .
The professional skating career of Louise Bertram ended shortly after that when she married Sidney Hulbig .
In 2015 , Reburn and Bertram were inducted into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame , in the athlete category , in its 25th anniversary year .
Competitive highlights
( with Stewart Reburn )
References
1908 births
2006 deaths
Canadian female pair skaters
Figure skaters at the 1936 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Canada
Figure skaters from Toronto
Mason Summers Peters ( September 3 , 1844 – February 14 , 1914 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Born in Clay County , Missouri near Kearney , he attended the William Jewell College , Liberty , Missouri . He taught in the grammar schools of Clay County , Missouri from 1867 to 1870 . He served as clerk of the court of Clinton County , Missouri from 1870 to 1874 . He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1875 and commenced practice in Plattsburg , Missouri . He moved to Wyandotte County , Kansas , in 1886 . He organized the Union Live Stock Commission Co. in 1895 .
Peters was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-fifth Congress ( March 4 , 1897 – March 3 , 1899 ) . He was unsuccessful for reelection in 1898 to the Fifty-sixth Congress . He resumed his business and professional pursuits in Kansas City , Kansas . He died in Kansas City , Missouri on February 14 , 1914 , and interred in Forest Hill Cemetery .
References
1844 births
1914 deaths
People from Kearney , Missouri
Kansas Populists
People 's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Politicians from Kansas City , Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Plattsburg , Missouri
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Vieugué Island is an island long at the west side of Grandidier Channel , lying northwest of Duchaylard Island and west-northwest of Cape Garcia , off the west coast of Graham Land . Discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1903–05 , and named by Charcot after Monsieur Vieugue , then French Charge d'Affaires at Buenos Aires .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Plocama thymoides is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae . It is endemic to the Socotra archipelago of Yemen , where it occurs in semi-deciduous woodland habitat . It is listed as an endangered species by the IUCN under the basionym Gaillonia thymoides .
References
Endemic flora of Socotra
thymoides
Taxa named by Isaac Bayley Balfour
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Kiss me , I 'm Irish is a common phrase associated with St. Patrick 's Day . It often appears on T-shirts . It originates from the legend of the Blarney Stone , which is believed to bring luck and eloquence to those who kiss it .
References
Phrases
Saint Patrick 's Day
Kissing
Agustín González Tapia ( born 30 January 1983 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club UD Barbastro .
Career
He began his career with Estudiantes de la Plata making his professional debut in a 1-1 draw against Lanús on 3 March 2002 . Since then he has played for several clubs in the lower leagues of Argentine football and in Europe with Albanian side Dinamo Tirana .
External links
Profile at En Una Baldosa
1983 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Sportspeople from La Plata
FK Dinamo Tirana players
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Defensa y Justicia footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
La Plata FC footballers
Guillermo Brown footballers
Atlético de Rafaela footballers
Sportivo Belgrano footballers
Central Córdoba de Santiago del Estero footballers
Unión La Calera footballers
UD Barbastro players
Torneo Argentino A player
Torneo Argentino B players
Torneo Federal A player
Primera Nacional players
Chilean Primera División players
Tercera División players
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Association football midfielders
A Terceira Lâmina is the fourth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho . It was released in 1981 and it helped increase his popularity . As its two predecessors , the album mixes Northeast Brazil and rock influences .
The opening track , `` Canção Agalopada '' , features soprano Maria Lúcia Godoy and was based on a poem by Ramalho which was featured in his 1977 book Apocalipse ( Apocalypse ) , and which uses the cordel forms martelo agalopado and galope à beira-mar . From this same book , Ramalho developed the trilogy `` Beira-Mar '' , `` Beira-Mar – Capítulo II '' and `` Beira-Mar – Capítulo Final '' , which appear , respectively on the albums A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu ( 1979 ) , A Força Verde ( 1982 ) and Eu Sou To-dos Nós ( 1998 ) .
In an 2020 analysis for his blog at G1 , Mauro Ferreira called the album `` incisive '' , but compared it unfavorably to Ramalho 's two previous efforts .
The title track , according to Ramalho , `` talks about the third child , my third phase - and the view of the third World War '' .
Track listing
`` Canção agalopada '' ( Galoped Song ) ( featuring Maria Lúcia Godoy ) – 5:00
`` Filhos de Ícaro '' ( Sons of Icarus ) – 3:00
`` A terceira lâmina '' ( The Third Blade ) – 4:16
`` Um pequeno xote '' ( A Small Schottische ) – 2:13
`` Atrás do balcão '' ( Behind the Bar ) – 4:02
`` Galope rasante '' ( Rising Galop ) – 3:36
`` Kamikaze '' – 3:20
`` Violar '' ( It 's a verb , means lit . To Acoustic Guitar , but the idea is To play the acoustic guitar ) – 1:23
`` Cavalos do cão '' ( Horses of the Devil ) ( featuring Elba Ramalho ) – 3:24
`` Ave de prata '' ( Silver Bird ) – 2:45
`` Dia dos adultos '' ( Adults ' Day ) – 2:16
2003 re-issue bonus tracks
`` Dia dos adultos '' ( Adults ' Day ) – 2:16
`` Eternas Ondas '' ( Eternal Waves ) – 3:51
`` A terceira lâmina '' ( The Third Blade ) – 2:56
`` Mestiça '' ( Mestizo ) – 2:59
All music by Zé Ramalho .
Personnel
Zé Ramalho – Acoustic guitar , twelve-string guitar , triangle , bass drum , lead vocals
Elba Ramalho — lead vocals on `` Cavalos do Cão ''
Maria Lúcia Godoy — operatic vocals on `` Canção Agalopada ''
José Severo da Silva — accordion on `` Um Pequeno Xote ''
Miguel Cidras — string arrangement on `` A Terceira Lâmina ''
Frederico Mendes — cover picture
Personnel per source .
References
1981 albums
Zé Ramalho albums
Epic Records albums
The 1971 Hillingdon Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Jackson Hill is an unincorporated community in Hamilton Township , Sullivan County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
A post office was established at Jackson Hill in 1900 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1906 .
Geography
Jackson Hill is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
The Clyde cancer cluster was a childhood cancer cluster located in and around Clyde , Ohio , United States . The cluster was classified by the Ohio Department of Health in 2009 . In an 11-year interval , ten childhood cancers were documented in an area where 5.3 were expected , and four pediatric brain and central nervous system cancers were reported , in an area where 0.92 were expected . According to the ODH , the odds of this happening without a common cause are less than 1 in 20 . No known commonality exists between the cases , and despite years of investigation no cause has been found .
After the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency carried out soil tests in the Whirlpool Corporation 's former corporate park , Whirlpool Park , in Green Springs , Ohio , it was apparent that soil on the property contained polychlorinated biphenyls . Whirlpool Corporation faced two lawsuits , perhaps the most notable one being Brown v. Whirlpool Corporation , of which the main plaintiff was Wendy Brown , as the park is perhaps the most well known suspected cause of the cluster . This lawsuit was dismissed in 2014 , and the other , Sandusky County v. Whirlpool Corporation , was withdrawn in 2015 . In January 2016 , the EPA reported that Whirlpool Park had been cleared of PCB contamination .
Early investigation
In 2006 , the Ohio Department of Health recognized that the incidence of child cancer cases in the Clyde area was abnormally high , and in 2007 , the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency started investigating possible causes . Many community members became angry because of what they perceived as little progress made by the agency throughout this series of investigations . The lack of possible causes found during the early investigations of the cluster was a source of continuing worry for the affected community .
In December 2009 , at a meeting with affected families , the Department of Health and the Environmental Protection Agency distributed a map of the area pinpointing the locations of the homes of children who had cancer .
Whirlpool Corporation investigation
In late 2011 and early 2012 , over a period of several months , the Environmental Protection Agency tested soil in several different parts of Clyde and surrounding areas . In late July 2012 , investigators found polychlorinated biphenyls , which is a probable human carcinogen , in the soil of the property that was formerly known as Whirlpool Park , a recreational park that was owned by the Whirlpool Corporation until the park was shut down in 2008 . This park , located near Green Springs , Ohio , consisted of a pool , children 's playing equipment , and a basketball court , and the property was apparently used as a dumping ground for this toxic waste . The agency investigated Clyde 's Whirlpool plant further , and found no other Whirlpool facilities in Clyde containing any illegal chemical substances .
On March 28 , 2013 , a $ 750 million class action lawsuit was filed against Whirlpool , other companies suspected of also dumping toxic waste at the park , and the family who currently owns the property that was formerly Whirlpool Park . This lawsuit , Wendy Brown , et al . v. Whirlpool Corporation , consisted of 27 plaintiffs , including both Wendy and Warren Brown . The amount sought was for the expenses of cleaning the houses containing benzaldehyde and for cleaning the park , as well as the damage the cluster caused altogether . The lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice , at the plaintiffs ' request , in early 2015 with no reason given . Whirlpool promised to rid the property of all toxic waste in August 2015 .
Community Actions
Throughout the late 2000s and early 2010s , many citizens of Clyde , and of Ohio in general , held fundraisers , gave donations , and helped maintain memories of those who died in the cluster . Several documentaries by citizens of Clyde were created that centered around personal experiences with cancer and the effects it had on the Clyde community . In 2015 , the president of the City of Clyde Landscape Committee , Bev Henson , formed a private committee to work on the Clyde Children 's Memorial . It is a marble memorial with the names of the victims engraved on the top of seven pedestral marble , arranged in a circle around a lower center stone inscribed with the phrase `` Remember Our Children '' . The memorial was unveiled to the public in 2017 . It is set across from the gazebo and along the bike trail west of maple street .
See also
List of cancer clusters
References
External links
Ohio Environmental Protection Agency Eastern Sandusky County Environmental Investigation
Wendy Brown et al . v. Whirlpool Corporation
US EPA Eastern Sandusky County Assessment Project
Childhood Cancer in Eastern Sandusky County , 1996-2010 : A Profile of 21 Cases
Accidental deaths in Ohio
Cancer clusters
Silesian Fantasy Club ( or Silesian Science-Fiction Club , ) is the oldest science fiction and fantasy fandom club in Silesia , Poland . Founded in 1981 in Katowice , it has been the organizer of Polcon , largest of Polish science-fiction conventions , five times ( 1986 , 1988 , 1997 , 2001 and 2010 ) , the 2010 also being Eurocon , and yearly organizes the Seminarium Literackie con , as well as anime & manga Asucon . It also has its own award , the Śląkfa ( awarded since 1984 ) . It has over 200 members , several publications , and a library . Notable members include Piotr W. Cholewa , translator of English literature , and Jakub Ćwiek and Anna Kańtoch , writers . It is a Public Benefit Organization as defined by Polish law .
See also
Science fiction and fantasy in Poland
External links
Homepage
Polish NGO entry
Science fiction organizations
Polish science fiction
Polish fantasy
Organizations established in 1981
1981 establishments in Poland
Florin Ionuţ Ilie ( born 18 June 1992 ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre-back for Universitatea Cluj .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Alba Iulia
Romanian footballers
Romania youth international footballers
Romania under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Unirea Alba Iulia players
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
CSM Corona Brașov footballers
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
CS Minaur Baia Mare ( football ) players
CS Luceafărul Oradea players
CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu players
ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș players
CS Mioveni players
CS Sportul Snagov players
FC UTA Arad players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
FC Lada Chernivtsi was a Ukrainian football club from Chernivtsi , Chernivtsi Oblast .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
|-
|align=center|1992–93
|align=center|4th
|align=center bgcolor=tan|3
|align=center|24
|align=center|15
|align=center|2
|align=center|7
|align=center|43
|align=center|24
|align=center|32
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Zone 1
|-
|align=center|1993–94
|align=center|4th
|align=center bgcolor=silver|2
|align=center|26
|align=center|17
|align=center|5
|align=center|4
|align=center|47
|align=center|17
|align=center|39
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Zone 1 , Promoted
|-
|align=center|1994–95
|align=center|3rd ( lower )
|align=center|20
|align=center|42
|align=center|7
|align=center|5
|align=center|30
|align=center|21
|align=center|32
|align=center|26
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|withdrew
| }
References
Lada Chernivtsi , FC
Football clubs in Chernivtsi Oblast
Association football clubs established in 1990
Association football clubs disestablished in 1995
1990 establishments in Ukraine
1995 disestablishments in Ukraine
The Oklahoma Department of Libraries ( ODL ) is a department of the state of Oklahoma and serves as the official state library for the state of Oklahoma . ODL provides information management to the state , assists local public libraries , coordinates statewide library and information technology projects .
ODL administers a variety of library and information services , including state archives , records management , state and federal government documents , and interlibrary referral .
History
The ODL can trace its origins to the territorial days when on December 8 , 1890 , the First Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oklahoma passed an act establishing a territorial library in Guthrie . George W. Steele , the governor of Oklahoma Territory also served as the first librarian . The library 's name changed to Oklahoma Library in 1893 , but the `` Office of the State Librarian '' was not officially established until statehood in 1907 . The site of the library migrated to Oklahoma City in 1910 with the move of the state capital . The Oklahoma Library Code , passed in 1967 , established the standards of governance of the library uses today .
Archives and collections
The Oklahoma State Archives housed at ODL preserves the permanent records of the executive , legislative , and judicial branches of Oklahoma 's state government . The archives house manuscripts , photographs , maps , and some artifacts , and the collections primarily include minutes , correspondence , annual reports , and publications . Records range from the 1890s until present , with the bulk being between 1907 and 1980 . Prominent collections include the Office of the Governor , Office of the Attorney General , Oklahoma State Legislature , Oklahoma Supreme Court , Oklahoma Department of Education , and Oklahoma Corporation Commission .
Selected records from the holdings of the State Archives are available on the agency 's electronic library , Digital Prairie . The collections , largely composed of digitized materials , highlight the work of Oklahoma 's state government and Oklahoma history and culture .
Archives.OK.Gov includes more than 2,200 publications and documents from the State Archives . The collection primarily includes state agency reports and newsletters , and the records range from 1907 , when Oklahoma became a state , until 1978 . Archives.OK.Gov complements Documents.OK.Gov , which provides access to over 27,000 state government publications dating back to 1978. Notable records in Archives.OK.Gov includes the Department of Education 's annual Educational Directories , the Department of Charities and Corrections ' annual reports , and the Department of Wildlife Conservation 's Outdoor Oklahoma magazine .
]
Images of Oklahoma is a state digital collection project funded by IMLS ( Institute of Museum and Library Services ) to make unique social , cultural , ethnic , and historical content from local collections accessible across the state . The collection features over 2,100 items from 50 different institutions , including Oklahoma libraries , archives , and museums . The collection includes yearbooks , photographs , postcards , and other records reflecting Oklahoma 's history and culture . Some collections include the Eugene Meacham Photography Collection from Kingfisher , the Stillwater Woman 's Club Collection , and the Oklahoma Railway Museum Collection .
The Tulsa Race Massacre collection features documents and images from various Oklahoma state government agencies , such as the Governor 's office and the Attorney General 's office , regarding the investigation into the Tulsa Race Massacre of 1921 . The collection includes eye-witness testimony , letters , telegrams , police reports , and court cases .
Territorial Records encompasses any records produced prior to Oklahoma 's statehood on November 16 , 1907 . The majority of these records are reports created by Oklahoma Territory agencies , such as the Territorial Attorney General , Territorial Board of Health , and Territorial Superintendent of Public Instruction .
The Oklahoma Governors collection contain the official papers relating to the principal and appointive powers and responsibilities of the Governor of Oklahoma .
Confederate Pension Records and Index Cards are collections of the finding aid ( index cards ) and complete files of more than 7,000 individuals who applied to the State Board of Pension Commissioners under the Confederate Soldiers ' Pension Bill . The index cards are organized by name and often include the address , name of the spouse , date of marriage , date of death , and information about the veteran 's military service . The files include applications and correspondence , which provide information about the applicants ' locations and situations . These records are often used for genealogical research .
Ada Lois Sipuel Legal Case Files collection features 251 imaged documents from the Oklahoma State Supreme Court , Civil Case No . 32756 regarding the first African-American woman admitted to the University of Oklahoma law school in 1948 .
The Oklahoma Postcards collection features postcards from the George H. Shirk and Wayne Mackey postcard collections housed in the Oklahoma Collection . The postcards were donated by the Oklahoma Heritage Association . The collection also includes some postcards donated from other institutions and individuals .
Library Board
The Department of Libraries is governed by a seven-member Libraries Board , with each member appointed by the Governor with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate . There is one Board member for each of Oklahoma 's five U.S. House districts , and two members are appointed `` at large . '' The Board is responsible for establishing Departmental policy and for appointing higher level executive officers of the Department . The Director of the Department serves as an ex officio , non-voting , member of the Board and as the Board Secretary .
The current members of the Board are :
Melody Kellogg serves as the current Director of ODL and secretary for the board .
References
External links
ODL Official Website
Digital Prairie - State Collections Online
1907 establishments in Oklahoma
Libraries , Department of
Government agencies established in 1907
Libraries , Department of
State archives of the United States
State libraries of the United States
Dumbshow , also dumb show or dumb-show , is defined by the Oxford Dictionary of English as `` gestures used to convey a meaning or message without speech ; mime . '' In the theatre the word refers to a piece of dramatic mime in general , or more particularly a piece of action given in mime within a play `` to summarise , supplement , or comment on the main action '' .
In the Oxford Encyclopedia of Theatre and Performance , Michael Dobson writes that the dumbshow was originally `` an allegorical survival from the morality play '' . It came into fashion in 16th-century English drama in interludes featuring `` personifications of abstract virtues and vices who contend in ways which foreshadow and moralize the fortunes of the play 's characters '' .
There are examples in Gorboduc ( 1561 ) throughout which dumbshow plays a major part , and in Thomas Kyd 's The Spanish Tragedy ( 1580s ) , George Peele 's The Battle of Alcazar ( 1594 ) and The Old Wives ' Tale ( 1595 ) , Robert Greene 's Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay ( 1594 ) and the anonymous A Warning for Fair Women ( 1599 ) . Shakespeare used dumbshow in Hamlet , for the play within a play staged by Prince Hamlet and the players for King Claudius . That , like Revenge 's dumbshow in The Spanish Tragedy , suggests by mime the action soon to take place in the main spoken drama . In Dobson 's view the dumbshow was becoming old-fashioned by Shakespeare 's time , and the playwright 's most elaborate dumbshows are in Pericles , a play intentionally constructed in `` a mock-medieval dramatic idiom '' . In the 17th century , dumbshow survived as an element of the courtly masque , and in the Jacobean tragedies of Webster and Middleton dumbshows are featured in masque-within-the-play episodes .
From the 1630s the dumbshow no longer featured in mainstream British drama , but it resurfaced in harlequinades , pantomimes and melodramas in the 19th century . Thomas Holcroft introduced a dumb character in his play A Tale of Mystery ( 1802 ) , and the device of using a mute to convey essential facts by dumbshow became a regular feature of melodramas . In his Dictionary of Literary Terms ( first published in 1977 ) , J . A. Cuddon lists 19th century plays with the titles The Dumb Boy ( 1821 ) , The Dumb Brigand ( 1832 ) , The Dumb Recruit ( 1840 ) , The Dumb Driver ( 1849 ) and The Dumb Sailor ( 1854 ) .
Cuddon notes three 20th century instances of dumbshow in André Obey 's Le Viol de Lucrece ( 1931 ) , Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot ( 1953 ) and Tom Stoppard 's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead ( 1966 ) .
Notes
Sources
Theatre in the United Kingdom
Stage terminology
Mime
Phanaeus changdiazi is a species of beetle found in Panama and Costa Rica . It is named after Franklin Chang-Díaz , a Costa Rican-American physicist and former NASA astronaut .
References
changdiazi
Gordon Smith ( 15 January 1856 – 29 January 1905 ) was a British barrister and philatelist who was one of the Fathers of Philately named on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921 .
Early life
Smith was born at Greenwich , London , the son of John N Smith , a civil engineer , and his wife Emma B Smith . He was educated at King 's College School , London , and obtained a degree in mathematics from Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge in 1879 . He was a tutor in maths at Truro College but left that to study for the bar , being called at Lincoln 's Inn in 1882 . He was in the chambers of James Aspinall K.C . and Mr. Butler Aspinall .
Philately
Smith rekindled his boyhood interest in philately in 1885 , from where it grew to be a consuming passion and a career that he pursued in preference to the law . He was a specialist in the stamps of South Australia and worked for Stanley Gibbons from 1893 , becoming a director in 1898 . He was active in organising the London Philatelic Exhibition 1897 . His collection of South Australia , noted for being the best mint collection formed at the time , passed to Leslie L. R. Hausburg . He was a member of the London Philatelic Society , now the Royal Philatelic Society London , from 1892 and a member of their Council from 1897 .
Stanley Gibbons Monthly Journal , in their obituary for Smith , summed up his particular aptitude for philatelic research , and no doubt its appeal to him also , thus : `` His legal training had taught him that there are always two sides to a question , and , combined with his mathematical capability , enabled him to distinguish evidence from proof . He recognised the weakness of specialism as well as its strength '' .
Other interests
Smith was a rower at Cambridge , and after graduating was well known as an oarsman on the River Thames for the Thames Rowing Club . He rowed at stroke in the Grand Challenge Cup , the oldest and best-known event at the annual Henley Royal Regatta at Henley-on-Thames . He was an active freemason and a Major in the Queen 's Own Battalion of West Kent Volunteers .
Death
Smith 's death at a fairly early age came after a decline in his health over several years , eventually diagnosed as a stomach ulcer . He was operated on but complications set in and he died the following day .
Publications
South Australia . London : Stanley Gibbons , 1894 . ( With F.H . Napier )
References
External links
Free eBook of Smith & Napier 's South Australia .
British philatelists
1856 births
1905 deaths
Fathers of philately
British barristers
People educated at King 's College School , London
Alumni of Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge
Freemasons of the United Grand Lodge of England
Stanley Gibbons
People from Greenwich
British male rowers
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
Saint Francis is an unincorporated community in Marion County , in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
History
Saint Francis was originally called Chicago , and under the latter name was incorporated in 1870 soon after the railroad was extended to that point .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marion County , Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Half Moon Investigations is a novel by the Irish author Eoin Colfer . It was first published in the United States in March 2006 and was released in the UK and Ireland on 1 June 2006 . The paperback edition was released in the UK on 5 July 2007 . It has also been adapted as a television series starring Marcus Nash & Rory Elrick , aired on the BBC from January 2009 .
Plot summary
Fletcher Moon ( often called `` Half-Moon '' due to his short stature ) is a natural born investigator . Knowing this , April , a girl from his school comes to him for help in finding a lock of hair that she believes to have been stolen . Fletcher agrees to help her and starts off by investigating all suspects which eventually gets him threatened by a thirteen-year-old named Red Sharkey . Fletcher is a graduate from the Bernsteins Academy , so he is a `` certified '' detective .
While Fletcher is investigating the stolen lock of hair he has a hurling stick thrown at him and is seriously injured . Fletcher holds Red as a prime suspect as the hurling stick had 'Red ' embossed on it and comes to the conclusion that it was Red who attacked him . Fletcher then goes to visit April 's cousin May to photograph this newfound evidence but ends up at the wrong house where he catches sight of somebody setting fire to May 's lucky dancing costume .
He passes out in the yard due to the anesthetic from the hospital and later awakens to find a torch in his hand and all evidence for the arson pointing to him . Following an interrogation by the police , Fletcher is rescued by Red Sharkey . Red claims he was framed for the hurl assault .
Half-Moon and Red team up to solve the chain of mysteries within 24 hours . Following a suspicious story to April 's house , the boy detectives discover the truth behind Les Jeunes Etudiantes , the girls club , their true goal being to get rid of all the boys ruining their education . Three recent expulsions can be attributed to these girls , and the boys feel they need to be stopped .
Unfortunately , they are found out , and the girls manage to imprison the boys in the cellar . They are , however , saved by May , April 's cousin . Fletcher and Red previously heard the girls practicing the lines that they planned to use to accuse Red 's brother , Herod of assault . Red is able to send a text message to the present police officer informing him of the lines they would use .
The police officer puts two and two together and exposes the girls as liars , and Herod Sharkey is found innocent , saving him from expulsion . April , being caught , attempts to escape in her father 's car but promptly crashes into the police cruiser . However , Fletcher is informed ( by text from the officer ) that this still does not solve the mysteries that included his assault so he meets a secret informant , and in exchange for the password of the police account he hacked earlier in the story , receives the information that he desires .
He finds that the link between the crimes ended up being the upcoming talent show at his school and it turns out that the victims each had a part in the show in some way . After trying to protect May from becoming involved with the criminal Fletcher at last finds the answer he had been looking for all along . All the victims of these crimes had been ranked higher than May in the talent show . So , Red suggests that May was behind all this . However , on stage , Fletcher proves that it was May 's father , Gregor Devereux who was the culprit .
In the epilogue , Red and Fletcher decide to form a detective group . Red suggests `` Moon Investigations '' while Fletcher replies by saying `` You 're half right '' , referencing his nickname and the title of the book .
Critical reception
Newsround called the book `` really exciting '' and said `` Once you 've read page one you 'll be hooked to Eoin Colfer 's Books '' .
Sequel
In an interview on 27 September 2007 , Colfer admitted he had a rough idea for a second Half Moon book in which Moon goes undercover with a group of goths and listens to Kate Bush and Metallica . He said would find it interesting to expand on the history of Hazel - Moon 's sister .
Television adaptation
In 2008 , BBC announced a series called Half Moon Investigations to replace Grange Hill . A single 13 episode series later aired .
References
External links
2006 Irish novels
Novels by Eoin Colfer
Irish mystery novels
Children 's mystery novels
Irish children 's novels
2006 children 's books
Fictional amateur detectives
Fictional private investigators
Arthur Cecil Caporn ( 16 April 1884 – 25 November 1953 ) was a British judge and Conservative Party politician .
Born in Radcliffe-on-Trent , Nottinghamshire , he was the son of Arthur Leeson Caporn , owner of a Nottingham lace-making business . His father also had business interests in South Africa , and the family spent some years in the Cape Town area . He was educated at South African College School and Trinity Hall , Cambridge . He took a second in the Law Tripos in 1905 . He was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1907 , and practised as a barrister in Sheffield . He also lectured in common law at the University of Sheffield .
During the First World War Caporn served as an officer in the Royal Field Artillery . He was invalided home in 1916 , spending the rest of the war as an intelligence officer in the United Kingdom . He remained on the reserve of officers until 1934 , reaching the rank of major .
At the 1931 general election he was chosen by the Conservatives to contest Nottingham West , which was held by Arthur Hayday of the Labour Party . Caporn won the seat in a bitterly fought contest , but only served a single term in Commons with Hayday regaining the constituency in 1935 .
Returning to his legal career , in 1939 Caporn was appointed a county court judge . He remained on the bench until his death .
He married Dorothy Frances Marriott of Nottingham in Q2 , 1912 at Bingham , and the couple had a daughter and two sons .
Year Quarter Surname First name ( s ) District
1915 4 Caporn Dorothy Ecclesall B
1917 1 Caporn Peter M Ecclesall B .
1924 1 Caporn Derek C Wandsworth
He died in Saxondale Hospital in November 1953 aged 69 .
References
External links
1884 births
1953 deaths
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1931–1935
20th-century English judges
Members of the Middle Temple
Royal Artillery officers
People from Radcliffe-on-Trent
Alumni of Trinity Hall , Cambridge
County Court judges ( England and Wales )
Karai is a small town in Mukim Kota Lama Kanan , Kuala Kangsar District , Perak , Malaysia . The town is also called Enggor . The town grew due to the rubber industry .
One of the famous attractions is the historical Victoria Railway Bridge .
Kuala Kangsar District
Towns in Perak
Vasilios Mantzis ( ; born 4 December 1991 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League club Ionikos .
Honours
Volos
Gamma Ethniki : 2017–18
Football League : 2018–19
References
1991 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Super League Greece players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Gamma Ethniki players
Cypriot First Division players
PGS Kissamikos players
Volos N.F.C . players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Ionikos F.C . players
Association football forwards
People from East Attica
Footballers from Attica
Warrel Dane ( born Warrel George Baker ; March 7 , 1961 – December 13 , 2017 ) was an American musician who was the lead singer for the heavy metal bands Sanctuary and Nevermore . He was a natural baritone ; though he was known for his high-pitched vocals with Serpent 's Knight and on the first two Sanctuary albums , later in his career , Dane became more notable for his distinctively deep , dramatic voice .
Career
Dane was trained for five years as an opera singer and utilized a very broad vocal range , spanning from notes as low as the G below low C , or G1 , to notes as high as the B below soprano C , or B5 . While his high head voice style vocals were much more prominent in the older Sanctuary albums , there were instances where he utilized it in Nevermore as well . Sanctuary 's 2014 comeback album The Year the Sun Died includes these higher passages on three songs .
Dane provided the voice of Candynose Twinskins in the musical comedy Metalocalypse on Adult Swim .
Dane 's first ever solo record , Praises to the War Machine , was released May 13 , 2008 , on Century Media Records . He was working on a second album at the time of his death which was going to be different than the first solo effort : `` Some of it is just brutally heavy '' , Dane said . In March 2016 , the title was revealed to be Shadow Work . The recording session was originally planned for October 2016 .
Influences
Dane 's musical influences were Judas Priest , Iron Maiden , Black Sabbath , Jefferson Airplane , Simon & Garfunkel , The Beatles and The Doors , while Ronnie James Dio , Rob Halford , George Strait and Bruce Dickinson were his main vocal inspirations .
Death
On December 13 , 2017 , it was reported that Dane had died of a heart attack in São Paulo , Brazil , at the age of 56 . It was there that he was working on his second solo album , Shadow Work . The guitarist of Dane 's solo band , Johnny Moraes , stated that , `` He died in the night . He had a heart attack . He was in the apartment where he stayed during the recording of the album when it happened . I gave him cardiac massage and we called the Mobile Emergency Care Service ( SAMU ) , who came very fast , but when they arrived , he was already dead . '' Moraes stated that Dane was already facing a lot of problems with his health due to a history of alcohol abuse and type 2 diabetes .
Legacy
On January 14 , 2018 , one month after Dane 's death , Brazilian movie director Daney Carvalho released his debut short film O Ano em que o Sol Morreu ( a reference to the title of the Sanctuary album The Year the Sun Died ) , a drama and a tribute to Dane , on YouTube . The movie was originally released in May 2016 as part of a Brazilian festival , but the director chose to make it publicly available after Dane 's death . Dane himself met with Carvalho that year , when the independent director interviewed him for a local Brazilian TV program during college . According to Carvalho , Dane was given a private screening of the movie after he finished post-production and thought it was `` great '' and `` terrifying '' .
Discography
Serpent 's Knight
Released from the Crypt ( 1983 )
Silent Knight ... of Myth and Destiny ( 2010 ) ( disc one vocal )
Sanctuary
Refuge Denied ( 1988 )
Into the Mirror Black ( 1990 )
Into the Mirror Live ( 1991 )
The Year the Sun Died ( 2014 )
Inception ( 2017 )
Behemoth
The Apostasy ( 2007 , guest vocals )
Lady Catman
Eyes Wide Open ( 2018 , guest vocals )
Solo
Praises to the War Machine ( 2008 )
Shadow Work ( 2018 )
Shaded Enmity
And Life Was Great .... ( 2013 )
Nevermore
Nevermore ( 1995 )
In Memory ( EP , 1996 )
The Politics of Ecstasy ( 1996 )
Dreaming Neon Black ( 1999 )
Dead Heart in a Dead World ( 2000 )
Enemies of Reality ( 2003 , remixed/remastered in 2005 )
This Godless Endeavor ( 2005 )
The Year of the Voyager ( 2008 )
The Obsidian Conspiracy ( 2010 )
References
External links
1961 births
2017 deaths
American male singers
American heavy metal singers
Century Media Records artists
American people of Russian descent
Musicians from Seattle
Nevermore members
Branimir `` Johnny '' Štulić ( born 11 April 1953 ) is a Yugoslav singer-songwriter , musician and author , best known for being the frontman of the popular Yugoslav rock group Azra . He is known for his charismatic stage performances and inspiring song lyrics that often combined rock poetry with a strong sense for social commentary , which is the cause for his becoming a cult figure .
Early life
Štulić was born on 11 April 1953 , in Skopje , where his mother Slavica ( née Milovac ) and father Ivan Štulić–an officer in the Yugoslav People 's Army–were stationed at the time . His paternal Croatian family originates from Nin , being one of the oldest families from the town . At the age of seven , Štulić moved with his family to Jastrebarsko . In January 1967 , Štulić moved to Zagreb where he attended high school and later , for two years , studied phonetics and history at the University of Zagreb 's Faculty of Philosophy before dropping out .
Music career
He began his musical career with a band named `` Balkan Sevdah band '' , performing beside own songs also The Beatles covers and folk music . The name was changed to Azra in 1977 . The initial line up which included Jura Stublić , Marino Pelajić and Mladen Juričić soon dissolved , and they formed another popular band Film . During the 1980s , Azra became one of the most prominent and influential musical acts in Yugoslavia . The Azra days brought Štulić widespread fame in Yugoslavia , as well as a rabid and devoted youth following – Štulić often used his music as commentary directed towards the social and political conditions in the then-Socialist Yugoslavia .
He has been living in the Netherlands since 1986 . From 1989 performed under his name with live support of `` Sevdah Shuttle Band '' , and released solo studio albums Balkanska rapsodija ( 1989 ) and Balegari ne vjeruju sreći ( 1990 ) . When it became obvious to him that Yugoslavia will collapse , Štulić in 1991 in Sarajevo recorded the album Sevdah za Paulu Horvat ( released in 1995 ) , documentary Das ist Johnny in which the most memorable moment was when viewed from the window of Sarajevo hotel room and concluded that soon all would burn , and his alleged last visit of the territory was in 1995 in Belgrade , where he produced album Anali and promoted book Božanska Ilijada . In regards to the Yugoslav war , Štulić frequently expressed his disapproval of separatism and was a fervent believer of Yugoslavism and Brotherhood and unity . He commented that `` I have no passport , no money and have no place to go back . I had a Yugoslav one and it expired . Yugoslavia is no more , it 's the same as when you are born and you are told : this is your dad , this is your mother , because , according to Homer , no one knows , when they are born , who gave birth to them , at least the first three years . And now I do not have my parents and that 's why I 'm happy '' . After most Yugoslav Wars ended in 1995 , Štulić recorded two solo albums , both published in Belgrade , Serbia , with the last Blase in 1997 .
Life in the Netherlands
In 2005 he published an autobiography called `` Smijurija u mjerama '' , with mixed to positive reception . Hrvoje Horvat , a Croatian journalist , wrote a biography of Johnny Štulić titled `` Fantom slobode '' , ( `` The Phantom of Freedom '' ) , published in 2006 . Due to Štulić 's immense popularity in the former Yugoslavia , the book was an immediate commercial success . However , it was also heavily criticized by many literary critics , and even Štulić himself , for its sometime poor writing quality and alleged misinterpretation of facts . Ines Pletikos directed a documentary film Kad Miki kaže da se boji ( 2004 ) , while Kruno Petrinović a book , Prilozi za biografiju Johnnyja B. Štulića ( 2006 ) , about the heroes of his poems .
Today , Štulić lives a modest and ascetic lifestyle in Houten , Netherlands , with wife Josephine Grundmeiyer . He typically does not give interviews and is very protective of his privacy . He states he has no interest in going back to his rock career , but in the past few years he has recorded and posted on YouTube over 600 traditional songs , hit covers and some original material . He works on the Serbo-Croatian translation of many ancient and medieval works .
In 2012 he initiated a lawsuit against Croatia Records from Zagreb , the direct successor of Jugoton , over royalty rights , as well book publisher from Belgrade , for copyright infringement . In revolt to the statements made by music editor from the Croatia Records and former Jugoton , Štulić stated that Azra is not a Croatian band . About appearing in Croatia he said that he does not want to perform in “ occupied territories ” referring to nations that broke away from Yugoslavia . He saw himself as Yugoslavian and said that Yugoslavia is his only country of origin . He also stated that he does not want to return to Serbia where he was hoped to appear either . Štulić states he sees no reason to return to the Balkans , as he “ went as far away as possible from people who suddenly wanted to kill each other ” . Svetko Štulić , his brother , stated that he would “ not give up his intention to bring Branimir back . Svetko said “ `` I think the time has come for Branimir 's return . I will not give up while I am alive . I want to bring him back , in Nin , in Croatia. ” Branimir used to spend his summers in Nin where his father was from . Štulić had never denied his Nin lineage . Due to an issue of him not having a valid passport he declined both Croatian and Serbian passports and citizenship .
Discography
Balkanska rapsodija ( 1989 , Jugoton )
Balegari ne vjeruju sreći ( 1990 , Jugoton )
Sevdah za Paulu Horvat ( 1991 , Komuna )
Anali ( 1995 , Komuna )
Blase ( 1997 , Hi-Fi Centar )
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Croatian expatriates in the Netherlands
Croatian rock singers
Croatian rock guitarists
Yugoslav expatriates in the Netherlands
20th-century Croatian male singers
Yugoslav male singers
People from Houten
Musicians from Skopje
Musicians from Zagreb
The Mersey River , formerly known as Rivière Rossignol by the Acadians , is a river in Nova Scotia , Canada . It is named after the River Mersey in Liverpool , England . The river proper flows from the eastern end of Eleven Mile Lake in Annapolis County southward to Kejimkujik Lake in Kejimkujik National Park , then through Lake Rossignol to empty into the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Liverpool , Nova Scotia . The true source of the river however is as far northwest as Sandy Bottom Lake ( Annapolis County ) or Tuskopeake Brook ( Annapolis County ) on the northern tributary .
The river was a major transportation route for the Mi'kmaq people of Nova Scotia . Later , it was used to transport logs out of the interior of the province . The river was described in Albert Bigelow Paine 's The Tent Dwellers , albeit under the name 'Liverpool river ' . There are a number of hydroelectric projects on the river , which has been exploited for more than a hundred years .
Much of the headwater area is composed of fen . It is a popular river for novice canoeists . Smallmouth bass has been found in the Mersey and neighbouring watersheds .
See also
List of rivers of Nova Scotia
References
Rivers of Nova Scotia
Landforms of Annapolis County , Nova Scotia
Region of Queens Municipality
Landforms of Queens County , Nova Scotia
Yunus Emre Oratorio is an oratorio written by Ahmed Adnan Saygun in 1942 . It was first staged in 1946 with the support of İsmet İnönü , the president of Turkey at the time . Since then it has been translated in many languages and performed in various countries , including Hungary , Austria , Germany , and the Vatican .
`` Op.26 Yunus Emre Oratorio named after and using texts from the eponymous Anatolian mystic ( c. 1240 - 1320 ) , Saygun reorganized Yunus Emre 's poems thematically from the poet 's Divan ( poetic collection ) , as a reflection on Yunus Emre 's spiritual journey from contemplating death to reuniting with the divine lover , God .
Composing the oratorio helped Saygun aesthetically and stylistically to discover his musical medium . The oratorio is a unique piece because of the amalgamated nature of different idiomatic sources and styles—the structural elements of Saygun 's oratorio evoking a full spectrum of Turkish materials ''
References
External links
`` Yunus Emre Oratorio on stage after 54 years ''
A performance of Yunus Emre Oratorio at the Music Center at Strathmore in April 2012
Oratorios
1942 compositions
Compositions by Ahmed Adnan Saygun
Ardi Qejvani ( born 28 January 1993 ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Oriku in the Albanian First Division .
References
1993 births
Living people
Footballers from Vlorë
Albanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Flamurtari Vlorë players
KF Himara players
Luftëtari Gjirokastër players
KF Butrinti players
KS Sopoti Librazhd players
KF Oriku players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kategoria e Dytë players
McLeod Lake or Lake McLeod may refer to :
Lakes
Canada
McLeod Lake ( Alberta ) , a lake in Alberta once known as Carson Lake
United States
Lake McLeod ( Florida ) , a lake in Polk County , Florida
Other places
Canada
McLeod Lake , British Columbia , an unincorporated community in British Columbia
The suprapedal gland or mucous pedal gland is an anatomical feature found in some snails and slugs . It is a gland located inside the front end of the foot of gastropods .
The term suprapedal means `` above the foot '' .
The function of this gland is to produce mucus . The gland opens on the front end of the sole , on the ventral side of the foot . The mucus produced by this gland becomes a thin layer covering the sole of the foot , and this helps the gastropod in moving .
There are gland cells in the suprapedal gland . For example , in the suprapedal gland of the land snail Pomatias elegans there are three types of gland cells : cells producing mucoproteins , cells producing proteins and cells producing sulphated mucopolysaccharides . For example , the land slug Leidyula floridana has gland cells in the suprapedal gland which produce weakly acidic mucopolysaccharides , neutral mucopolysaccharides and a protein .
References
Further reading
Barr R. A . ( 1926 ) `` Memoirs : Some Observations on the Pedal Gland of Milax '' . Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science 70 ( 2 ) : 647-667. abstract , PDF
Barr R. A . ( 1927 ) `` Some notes on the mucous and skin glands of Arion ater '' . Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science 71 : 503-525 . PDF
Borda V. , Ramírez R. & Romero P. ( 2010 ) . `` Glándula pediosa de moluscos terrestres y sus implicancias evolutivas , con énfasis en Megalobulimus / Pediose gland in land snails and its evolutionary implications , with emphasis on Megalobulimus . '' Revista Peruana de Biología 17 ( 1 ) : . 43-52 . PDF .
( April 1972 ) Biol . Bull . 142 : 335-349 . ( abstract )
Gastropod anatomy
Glands
The Mayotte white-eye or chestnut-sided white-eye ( Zosterops mayottensis ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is now found only on Mayotte in the Comoro Islands . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests .
The Marianne white-eye formerly considered as subspecies of Mayotte white-eye occurred on Marianne and perhaps other islands in the Seychelles but is now extinct .
References
Further reading
Skerrett , Adrian ; Bullock , Ian & Disley , Tony ( 2001 ) Birds of Seychelles , Christopher Helm , London .
Birds described in 1866
Birds of Mayotte
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic fauna of Mayotte
`` The Girl Who Died '' is the fifth episode of the ninth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who . It was first broadcast on BBC One on 17 October 2015 , and was written by Jamie Mathieson and Steven Moffat and directed by Ed Bazalgette .
In the episode , the alien time traveller the Twelfth Doctor ( Peter Capaldi ) and his companion Clara ( Jenna Coleman ) have 24 hours to train a group of weak Viking villagers for a war against aliens called the Mire shortly after the Mire slaughtered all of the village 's warriors and a woman called Ashildr ( Maisie Williams ) subsequently declared war .
Plot
The Twelfth Doctor and Clara are taken to a village by some Vikings . The Doctor claims to be Odin , but the villagers are not fooled , as a figure also claiming to be Odin appears in the sky , offering to take the warriors to Valhalla . A squad of warriors in armoured suits materialise , shooting the Vikings with weapons that appear to disintegrate them . Clara and Ashildr , a woman from the village , are also struck . The squad soon disappears .
Clara and Ashildr find themselves on a spacecraft with the other Vikings . The men are killed and drained of their adrenaline and testosterone , while Clara and Ashildr meet Odin , the leader of the Mire species that pride themselves on their merciless conquests . Before Clara can stop her , Ashildr declares war on the Mire , and Odin grants them 24 hours to prepare . On Earth , Clara brings the Doctor up to speed . He recognises the villagers are too weak to fight , and devises a plan using Ashildr 's storytelling skills and a supply of electric eels .
When the Mire arrive , they find the villagers celebrating . The Mire 's confusion gives the Doctor time to stun them with electricity and pull one of the helmets off with an electromagnet . The Doctor modifies this and has Ashildr wear it , allowing her to envision an articulated puppet as a dragon , which is broadcast to the other Mire and scares them off . Odin vows to attack again , but the Doctor threatens to send video footage of the rout captured by Clara 's phone to the universe unless they leave Earth . Odin and the Mire peacefully depart .
The village celebrates its victory until they find Ashildr died from the helmet 's use . The Doctor is frustrated until he remembers why he took the form of Caecilius : to always save someone , no matter what . He `` breaks the rules '' and modifies two chips from the Mire 's helmets , one of which he implants in Ashildr , and the other he gives to her father for later use . The chip rapidly regenerates Ashildr 's body and she regains consciousness .
As they leave , the Doctor tells Clara he fears he gave Ashildr a fate worse than death as the chip will never fail , effectively making her immortal and alone . He provided the second chip in hope she would give it to one she cares for .
Continuity
After meeting the Vikings , the Doctor produces a yo-yo in an attempt to impress them with `` magic '' . A former companion , Leela , believes a yo-yo is magical when the Fourth Doctor provides her one to play with ( The Robots of Death , 1977 ) . The Twelfth Doctor previously used one simply to test the gravity in 2014 's `` Kill the Moon '' , as did the Fourth Doctor in The Ark in Space ( 1975 ) .
The Doctor is seen leafing through a book entitled `` 2000 Year Diary '' , an upgraded version of the 500 Year Diary belonging to the Second Doctor ( The Power of the Daleks , 1966 ) and the Fourth Doctor in The Sontaran Experiment , and the 900 Year Diary of the Seventh Doctor ( Doctor Who , 1996 ) .
The Doctor 's ability to `` speak baby '' is demonstrated again in this episode . It appeared previously in the Eleventh Doctor stories `` A Good Man Goes to War '' and `` Closing Time '' .
As he is adapting a Mire helmet , the Doctor claims he is `` reversing the polarity of the neutron flow '' , a phrase said many times in various ways during Doctor Who , beginning with the Third Doctor .
David Tennant and Catherine Tate appear in flashbacks as the Tenth Doctor and Donna Noble , respectively , in scenes from `` The Fires of Pompeii '' ( 2008 ) in which Peter Capaldi also starred . A flashback from `` Deep Breath '' ( 2014 ) , the eighth series ' opening episode , also appears as the Doctor finally understands why he chose his current face .
The Doctor says Ashildr is now a `` hybrid '' , echoing a prophecy related by Davros in `` The Magician 's Apprentice '' / `` The Witch 's Familiar '' – two great warrior races , speculated to be the Time Lords and the Daleks , would merge to become a `` hybrid '' . It now appears that , instead , it is a merger between Vikings and the Mire .
At the end of the episode , the Doctor reflects on the potential consequences of his decision to save Ashildr , and possibly making her immortal , by saying `` time will tell , it always does '' . This is a statement the Seventh Doctor uses at the end of Remembrance of the Daleks ( 1988 ) , referring to his decision to destroy Davros and Skaro , and whether it was a 'good ' decision .
Outside references
Odin 's face appearing in the sky to talk to his disciples directly references a scene in Monty Python and the Holy Grail in which God does the same thing .
Clara suggests , and the Doctor agrees , that The Benny Hill Show '' 's theme song Yakety Sax be used as the soundtrack for the video of Odin and the other Mire retreating from the dragon puppet . She plays a few seconds ' clip with Yakety Sax 's opening notes added .
Production
Filming took place at Margam Castle , Castell Coch , Llanharan , and Marble Hall within Cardiff Town Hall .
Casting
Odin was originally to have been played by Brian Blessed , who had previously played King Yrcanos in 1986 's Mindwarp , and had been offered the role of the Second Doctor in 1966 . Blessed , however , was forced to pull out , and was replaced by David Schofield .
Broadcast and receptionDoctor Who came second for the day with 4.63 million viewers in overnight ratings , an increase from the previous episode . Overall the episode had 6.56 million viewers , the highest figure of the series thus far , with a 28.1 % share . It received an Appreciation Index score of 82 .
Critical reception
The episode received very positive reviews from critics , with many praising the episode 's humour , the resolution with regards to the Doctor 's face , and the performances of Capaldi , Coleman and Williams . The episode also achieved a score of 95 % on Rotten Tomatoes based on 19 reviews , with an average score of 8.1 . The site 's consensus reads `` With a stellar guest-star performance by Maisie Williams , `` The Girl Who Died '' sets thrillingly high stakes , while still maintaining the playful tone we 've come to expect from Peter Capaldi 's incarnation of Doctor Who '' .
Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times awarded the episode a perfect five-star rating , claiming that `` Jamie Mathieson and Steven Moffat invest a traditional formula with a twist of unpredictability and immortality '' . He further went on to say that the episode `` taps into a very traditional vein but again slyly transcends it , and achieves that holy grail of TV drama – unpredictability '' , also claiming that `` everything that is meant to be funny is funny and the sad moments are sad '' , while praising the episode 's direction as `` impeccable '' . Scott Collura of IGN also lavished praise on the episode , awarding it a score of 8.8/10 , deemed by the site as `` great '' . He especially praised Capaldi 's performance , labelling it `` big and touching '' , while also enjoying `` the introduction of Maisie Williams ' character '' and the episode 's `` big thematic touches '' . He summarised his review by stating `` Doctor Who continues its strong season with the much-anticipated arrival of Maisie Williams as 'The Girl Who Died . ' While the revelation of who her character actually is may come as something of a letdown for longtime fans , the episode itself and its bigger thematic touches more than make up for that '' . Catherine Gee of The Daily Telegraph also enjoyed the episode , calling it `` fast paced '' and claiming that it `` set up all the right ingredients for something big next week '' . She also said `` The attack and battle sequence zipped through at speed . If it felt a little rushed it did n't hugely matter , as it was clearly setting up for a bigger second half '' .
Alasdair Wilkins of The A.V . Club highly acclaimed the episode , awarding it a perfect `` A '' grade – the first of this series – and stated that `` the writing , the acting , the directing combine to create what is quite possibly the best episode yet of this Doctor 's tenure '' . He called the episode `` fantastically funny whenever it wants to be '' , but also heavily praised the subplot of the Doctor 's face , calling the reveal `` wonderfully simple '' . He closed his review by labeling the episode `` a damn triumph . More than that , it 's a triumph because it feels so resolutely like a Doctor Who is a episode '' , and stated that the episode `` remembers that what motivates the Doctor 's decisions are fundamentally the same emotions that we all feel , and that 's what makes this such a brilliant hour of television '' . Morgan Jeffery of Digital Spy also praised the episode , calling it `` unlike anything you 've seen before '' . He called the episode `` fast-paced , with sharp , funny dialogue and some great clowning from Peter Capaldi '' and further praising Williams as `` nicely ethereal in the part , without ever overplaying the character 's enigmatic nature '' . He closed his review by saying `` while Doctor Who should n't be like this every week , the show 's boundless variety has always been its biggest selling point , and it 's refreshing to see 'The Girl Who Died ' break the mould and dare to be entirely unpredictable and different '' .
Kaite Welsh of IndieWire also acclaimed the episode , awarding it an A++ grade , the highest score available . She said that the episode marked the `` fifth stellar episode in a row '' , and that it represented `` the show doing historical episodes as they 're meant to be done . It 's like 'Fires of Pompeii ' , 'Robot of Sherwood ' and classic Third Doctor adventure 'The Time Warrior ' all mixed into one—literally—electrifying episode '' . Mark Rozeman of Paste Magazine '' also responded highly positively to the episode , awarding it a score of 9.6 and saying that it `` stands up remarkably as its own story '' . They closed their review by stating `` As with the best Who adventures , it explores more complexities of time travel , whilst never losing a sense of whimsy and fun . It 's another home run in a season that , so far , has a pretty great batting average '' .
In print
Pearson Education published a novelisation of this episode by Jane Rollason for students of English language reading on 19 July 2018 .
Notes
References
External links
Twelfth Doctor episodes
2015 British television episodes
Television episodes written by Steven Moffat
Films with screenplays by Jamie Mathieson
Doctor Who pseudohistorical serials
Doctor Who stories set on Earth
Viking Age in popular culture
Fiction set in the 9th century
Saphalam is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Asok R. Nath and produced by V. Anil Thomas . The film stars Manoj K. Jayan , Balachandra Menon , Sumithra and Umashankari in lead roles . The film had musical score by Jassie Gift and Ramesh Narayan .
Plot
This is the love story of an elderly couple , who have to undergo separation .
Cast
Manoj K. Jayan
Balachandra Menon
Madhupal
Pala Aravindan
Sumithra
Umashankari
Awards
National Film Awards 2003
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Jassie Gift and Ramesh Narayan . This was Jassie Gift 's first film . The song `` Thoovella Thoovunnushassin '' , sung by Rajesh Vijay became a chartbuster . Cassettes were not released .
References
External links
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
`` The Woman Who Lived '' is the sixth episode of the ninth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who . It was first broadcast on BBC One on 24 October 2015 . It was written by Catherine Tregenna and directed by Ed Bazalgette .
Set in 1651 , about 800 years after the previous week 's episode , `` The Girl Who Died '' , the episode follows the alien time traveller the Twelfth Doctor ( Peter Capaldi ) , while on the trail of an alien artefact that came to Earth , reuniting with Ashildr ( Maisie Williams ) , the woman the Doctor made immortal in the previous episode . Ashildr , having renamed herself `` Me '' , has isolated herself from mortal humans and seeks to use the artefact herself to travel to other planets .
Plot
Alone and on the trail of an alien artefact , the Twelfth Doctor interrupts a highwayman known as `` the Knightmare '' carrying out a highway robbery of Lucie Fanshawe in 1651 England . The Doctor finds the artefact in the coach 's luggage but the vehicle drives off before he can take it . The Doctor finds that the robber is Ashildr , the Viking girl he made immortal . Over her 800 years of everlasting life , she has lost many of her memories and has isolated herself in order to avoid the pain of losing loved ones . The Doctor learns that she has renamed herself `` Me '' due to her loneliness . He also discovers that Me previously had three children , all of whom she lost to the Black Death .
Me and the Doctor steal the artefact from Lucie 's house , flee by climbing out of the chimney and escape an ambush by a rival highwayman , Sam Swift . The next morning , the Doctor meets Me 's ally Leandro , a leonine alien stranded on Earth who uses the artefact to open portals into space . In return for Me tricking the Doctor into helping him , Leandro has agreed to let her come with him to travel the galaxy . For the portal to be activated , the artefact requires another person 's death . Two pikemen , unaware that Me is the Knightmare , arrive to announce that the Knightmare is reported to be in the area and Sam Swift is about to be hanged at Tyburn . I hands the Doctor over to them , claiming that he is the Knightmare 's accomplice and sets off to use Swift 's death to activate the artefact .
The Doctor escapes the pikemen by offering them Me 's treasury and pursues Me to the hanging . I attaches the artefact to Swift 's chest , killing him and opening a portal . Leandro then reveals that he really wants to assist his people in invading Earth . Spaceships begin destroying the crowd gathered to watch the hanging . Me , rediscovering her conscience and humanity after seeing the crowds slaughtered , uses the second Mire medical chip given to her by the Doctor to save Swift 's life and close the portal . Leandro 's people kill him for his failure . Afterwards , Me states that she will remain the Doctor 's friend and will look after those that the Doctor leaves behind .
Continuity
The Doctor informs Me that the imminent Great Fire of London was caused by the Terileptils , referring to the Fifth Doctor story , The Visitation ( 1982 ) .
The Doctor states that he is `` on record as being against banter '' . This is a reference to `` Robot of Sherwood '' when the Doctor chastises Robin Hood and his Merry Men for their light-hearted banter .
The Doctor informs Me that she may come across Captain Jack Harkness , given that his life , like hers , is indefinitely extended . The Doctor already expressed his dislike and avoidance of immortals in a conversation with Jack in Series 3 's episode `` Utopia '' .
Outside references
The Doctor calls Me 'Zorro ' after the masked outlaw created by Johnston McCulley , first appearing in 1919 .
Production
Cast notes
Struan Rodger previously provided the voice of the Face of Boe in three episodes between Series 2 and Series 3 .
Broadcast and reception
The episode was watched by 4.39 million viewers overnight in the UK . It received a 20.0 % audience share . Consolidated ratings show 6.11 million watched this episode on time shift . It received an Appreciation Index score of 81 .
Critical reception
`` The Woman Who Lived '' received universal critical acclaim , with many critics labeling it the best of the current series . On Rotten Tomatoes the episode has a score of 85 % based on reviews from 20 critics , with an average score of 9.0 , being beaten by Heaven Sent . The site 's consensus reads : `` The Woman Who Lived '' concludes a Doctor Who is a story for the ages , with a performance by Maisie Williams that is both fun and thought-provoking '' . Elements of the episode especially praised by critics included the performances of Capaldi and Williams , the episode 's dark visual tone and the dialogue between the Doctor and Me .
Catherine Gee of The Daily Telegraph awarded the episode a full five stars , citing Peter Capaldi 's performance as a standout , as well as Catherine Tregenna 's screenplay : `` It was , at times , a beautifully written episode – and less clunky than some of Steven Moffat 's offerings . With an aged , well-read , worldly wise pair to play with , scriptwriter Catherine Tregenna was able to give the dialogue a literary feel . '' Writing for IGN , Scott Collura gave the episode a 9.2– '' Excellent '' rating , praising the conclusion of the arc and dropping hints for the second half of the season . He called the episode `` fun but also heavy '' , and praised other aspects of the episode including the parallels between the Doctor and Me , the exploration of Me 's past and Clara 's mysterious absence from the story . Ross Ruediger of Vulture.com also responded positively to the episode , particularly praising `` the complex back and forth between the Doctor and Ashildr/Lady Me '' as `` remarkable '' . He also praised Ed Bazalgette 's direction and ultimately awarded the episode four stars out of five . Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times also awarded the episode four stars out of five , calling it `` a dark and beautiful study of immortality and short lives '' . He especially acclaimed the episode 's visual style , saying `` The first 19 minutes takes place in the dead of night , the only available light coming from candles or the Moon . It all looks fabulous and is a triumph for the director Ed Bazalgette and director of photography Richard Stoddard '' . He also stated that `` The philosophical interludes between the Time Lord and Ashildr are what make this sing '' and praised Williams ' performance as `` superb '' .
The A.V . Clubs Alasdair Wilkins acclaimed the episode , awarding it a perfect ' A ' grade for the second week in a row . He especially praised Maisie Williams 's performance , declaring `` Her work in last week 's The Girl Who Died was very good , bringing nuance and humanity to what in lesser hands might just feel like just another random historical character with hints of deeper mystery . But her work in 'The Woman Who Lived ' is an order of magnitude better , if only because she is asked to do so much more here than she was last week . '' Though Wilkins found fault with the episode 's `` quickie '' climax resolution , he ultimately believed that : `` [ W ] hatever small deficiencies there might be in the ancillary elements are more than offset by how strong the core of this episode is . '' He closed his review by stating `` The episode 's meditation on the sorrow of immortality is more than enough to vault this into the show 's uppermost echelon '' . Mark Rozeman of Paste Magazine also heavily praised the episode , awarding it a score of 9.8 out of 10 , the highest of the season thus far . Labelling the episode `` first and foremost a character study '' , he further said that the episode `` stands as perhaps the strongest entry of Season Nine thus far '' . He closed his review by stating `` Despite its lavish production design as well as impressive stunts and effects , it 's an episode that ends up feeling highly insular and contained in a way that few Who stories do '' , and also praising Capaldi and Williams ' performances as `` compelling '' while ultimately calling the episode `` a crowning achievement to an already strong half-a-season '' . Kaite Welsh also lavished praise onto the episode , calling it `` legendary '' and `` a seminal episode for the series '' . She further stated that it `` should be an episode that goes down in Doctor Who history '' , closing her review by saying that the episode `` was so good it defies letter grades '' – she ultimately awarded it a perfect ' A ' grade .
In print
Pearson Education published a novelisation of this episode by Chris Rice for students of English language reading on 26 July 2018 .
Notes
References
External links
Twelfth Doctor episodes
2015 British television episodes
Doctor Who pseudohistorical serials
Doctor Who stories set on Earth
Fiction set in 1651
Television episodes about theft
Television episodes set in England
Television episodes set in the 17th century
Lawrence Charteris ( 1625–1700 ) was an influential Scottish minister .
Life
The grandson of Henry Charteris the elder , and a younger son of Henry Charteris the younger , he was educated at the University of Edinburgh , where he graduated M.A . in 1646 . From 1651 to 1653 he was living within the bounds of the presbytery of Dalkeith , with or near to Robert Leighton , then minister of Newbattle , who had been a pupil of Charteris 's father . In September 1654 Charteris was called to be minister of the parish of Bathans ( now Yester ) , in the adjoining presbytery of Haddington . The church of Scotland was now divided into two sections , the resolutioners and protesters . Charteris , on ordination , said that he had not been a party to the protest : he sympathised with the resolutioners .
On the restoration of episcopacy in 1660 Charteris conformed , as did Leighton and the bulk of the Scottish clergy . He was in presbyterian orders , but , except in a few cases in the diocese of Aberdeen , there was no reordination of the parish ministers who had been appointed in the time of presbytery ; only , to save the rights of patrons , those who had been admitted to benefices since 1649 were required to obtain presentation from the lawful patron , and collation from the bishop . Charteris had such collation in 1662 , and for then for 13 years he remained minister of Yester . Charteris was close to Robert Douglas , Patrick Scougal who was bishop of Aberdeen in 1664 , James Nairne , and Gilbert Burnet . He disapproved of actions of the bishops , and of the government .
In 1664 Charteris joined with Nairne in a protest against his diocesan 's deposing a minister without the consent of his synod ; and in 1669 , when the Scottish bishops were coerced into voting for an act of supremacy , Charteris was one of the episcopal clergy who thought it went too far , according to Burnet . He did not accept a bishopric . In 1670 , however , when Leighton became archbishop of Glasgow , Charteris consented to be one of six preachers whom Leighton sent to preach among the western Whigs in support of accommodation between presbyterians and episcopalians .
In 1675 Charteris was chosen by the town council professor of divinity in the university of Edinburgh When , however , in 1681 , under the government of James , Duke of York , a test was imposed , Charteris resigned his chair . He was followed by about 80 clergy . Three years later he visited Archibald Campbell , 1st Duke of Argyll , and prayed with him on the day of his execution .
In 1687 James II dispensed with the test , and in September 1688 Charteris was instituted to the parish of Dirleton in East Lothian . He took the oath of allegiance to William III and Mary II , and was there to 1697 . But he showed himself independent , as before . In 1697 he retired on an allowance from his benefice , and died in Edinburgh in 1700 , suffering from the stone . He did not marry .
Works
On the Difference between True and False Christianity ( 1703 ) , and On the Corruption of this Age ( 1704 ) were published after his death . In the latter work ( republished by Robert Foulis , Glasgow , 1761 ) Charteris condemns the preaching at the celebration of the Lord 's Supper , and pleads for the restoration of the public reading of the Bible in the services of the Church of Scotland .
The catalogue of Scottish divines in James Maidment 's Catalogues was drawn up by Charteris for his friend Sir Robert Sibbald .
References
Attribution
1625 births
1700 deaths
17th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Anchieta 's barbet ( Stactolaema anchietae ) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family .
It is found in Angola , Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Zambia .
It is named after the Portuguese naturalist and explorer José Alberto de Oliveira Anchieta .
The bird is 17.6-20 cm ( 6.9-7.9 inches ) long and weighs 36-54 grams ( 1.3-1.9 ounces ) , making it somewhat small amongst barbets . It is mainly brown , with a large black bill . It has a yellow head , yellow outer wings , and yellow rump .
References
Anchieta 's barbet
Birds of Southern Africa
Anchieta 's barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
City for Conquest is an epic 1940 American drama film directed by Anatole Litvak and starring James Cagney , Ann Sheridan and Arthur Kennedy . The picture is based on the 1936 novel of the same name by Aben Kandel . The supporting cast features Elia Kazan , Anthony Quinn , Donald Crisp , Frank McHugh , Frank Craven and Lee Patrick .
Plot
James Cagney plays a truck driver named Danny Kenny who was once a New York City Golden Gloves boxing champion . To help put his brother Eddie ( Arthur Kennedy ) through music school , Danny starts to box professionally under the name of Young Samson . He quickly rises through the welterweight ranks to become a title contender . Ann Sheridan plays Danny 's longtime girlfriend , Peggy , a talented dancer . One night while at a dance club with Danny , Peggy is swayed by Murray Burns ( Anthony Quinn ) , a local dancing champion . Murray asks Peggy to become his professional dance partner , but is insulting to Danny as he does it . Nevertheless , Peggy agrees and quickly learns that Murray is domineering and brutish . The arrangement was supposed to be short-term , but just as she is about to marry Danny , Peggy coldly rejects Danny 's proposal in a letter as her dancing career is advancing rapidly . Embittered by Peggy 's change of mind , Danny continues to thrive in the ring and gets a chance to fight for the world welterweight title . In the title fight in which he was winning , Danny is deliberately blinded by his opponent 's unscrupulous seconds who have placed rosin dust onto the champion 's gloves . Peggy listens to the fight on the radio , which Danny loses and absorbs terrible punishment in the process . She is so distraught she can not go onstage to dance that night . Her career as a big-time dancer ends and she is reduced to dancing in local New York City shows for small wages . Danny , his eyesight damaged , can barely see shadows . With the help of his boxing manager , however , Danny begins working as a newsstand operator where he has many regular customers . Meanwhile , Eddie has become a successful composer of Broadway scores , but his true love is classical music . Danny persuades Eddie to pursue his true calling and continue to work on creating a symphony about New York City . Eddie dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to his brother , who is proudly listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand . The movie ends with Peggy tearfully reuniting with Danny at his newsstand after attending Eddie 's very successful concert .
Cast
James Cagney as Danny Kenny
Ann Sheridan as Peggy 'Peg ' Nash
Arthur Kennedy as Eddie Kenny
Frank Craven as Old Timer
Anthony Quinn as Murray Burns
Elia Kazan as Googi Zucco
Donald Crisp as Scotty MacPherson
Frank McHugh as Mutt
George Tobias as Pinky
Jerome Cowan as Dutch
Lee Patrick as Gladys
Blanche Yurka as Mrs. Nash
George Lloyd as Goldie
Joyce Compton as Lilly
Thurston Hall as Max Leonard
Ben Welden as Cobb
John Arledge as Salesman
Ed Keane as Gaul
Selmer Jackson as Doctor 1
Joseph Crehan as Doctor 2
Ward Bond as First Policeman ( uncredited )
Charles Lane as Al , the theatrical booking agent ( uncredited )
Production
George Raft was meant to appear opposite Cagney but was unable due to either scheduling reasons or Raft 's reluctance to play such an unsympathetic role . Anthony Quinn played his part .
The tramp who appears and narrates the film is portrayed by Frank Craven as a sort of urban parody of his role as The Stage Manager in Our Town , which he had filmed just prior to this picture .
Box office
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $ 1,156,000 domestically and $ 638,000 foreign .
Home media
City for Conquest was released to DVD by Warner Home Video on July 18 , 2006 as a Region 1 fullscreen DVD and also on October 12 , 2010 as a part of the 'TCM The Greatest Gangster Films Collection : James Cagney ' with City for Conquest on the first disc of a four-disc set .
References
External links
, `` fair use '' compilation ( definition ) from film scenes
1940 films
1940 crime drama films
American crime drama films
American boxing films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Anatole Litvak
Films directed by Jean Negulesco
Films scored by Max Steiner
American black-and-white films
Films about brothers
Films based on American novels
Films set in New York City
Warner Bros. films
1940s American films
Loweriella boltoni is a species of ant and is the only known species of genus Loweriella . The species is only known from workers collected in the rainforest in Sarawak , Malaysia .
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Monotypic ant genera
Hymenoptera of Asia
Insects of Malaysia
Sepo people are a theoretical Mississippian culture of the late Woodland period around 1000 BCE , present in Mississippian culture pottery of the Dickson Mounds . Sepo occupations are confined to the Illinois River Valley between Anderson Lake in southern Fulton County , Illinois and Peoria Lake , including Sepo , Illinois an unincorporated community .
References
Mississippian culture
Michail Anagnostakos ( , 1878 – 1913 ) , better known under the nom de guerre Kapetan Matapas ( ) was a Hellenic Army officer and chieftain of the Macedonian Struggle .
Biography
Anagnostakos was born in 1878 in Charia near Areopoli in the Mani Peninsula . He studied at the School of Philosophy at the University of Athens . At the same time he followed a military career having in 1905 the rank of ensign of artillery .
During the spring of 1905 he went to Macedonia as leader to a small armed group of 15 men that would be responsible for the area of Langadas . Anagnostakos and his men disembarked from a sailboat at Potidaia in Chalkidiki on 22 April 1905 .
Anagnostakos ' force settled in the area of Melissochori with the objective of controlling the route between Thessaloniki and Gevgeli and also to face the agents of the Bulgarian revolutionary committee in the area . However this band failed to make any important operations because Anagnostakos injured his leg and settled temporarily in the monastery of Archangelos in Goumenissa pretending to be a monk .
From December 1905 until February 1906 Anagnostakos acted as an agent in the areas of Goumenissa and Almopia . From March to October 1906 he was in Giannitsa Lake as deputy chief of an armed band , having his base at a hut in Trichovitsa . During the summer of 1906 he took part in the attack that led to the death of the Bulgarian komitadji Stergios Vlachos . At the end of the year , he took charge of an armed band in Mount Olympus . and managed , until his retirement from Macedonia in October 1907 , to conduct significant strikes against Bulgarian and Romanian agents in the areas of Olympus and Pieria , while defeating many local bandits .
Although after the end of the Macedonian Struggle Anagnostakos retired due to his bad health because of the hardships and privations he suffered , he returned voluntarily to the army during the Balkan Wars as a lieutenant . He became chief of scouts in Pieria , along with Alexandros Zannas , and he caused the commander of the 7th Infantry Division , Kleomenis Kleomenous , to expedite the liberation of Katerini , which happened on 16 October 1912 .
He was killed in June 1913 during the Battle of Lachanas .
References
Bibliography
Παύλος Λ. Τσάμης , Μακεδονικός Αγών , ΕΜΣ , Θεσσαλονίκη 1975 .
Συλλογικό έργο , Μουσείο Μακεδονικού Αγώνα 13 - Η ελληνική αντεπίθεση στη Μακεδονία ( 1905-1906 ) - 100 έγγραφα από το αρχείο του Υπουργείου Εξωτερικών της Ελλάδος , Μουσείο Μακεδονικού Αγώνα , Θεσσαλονίκη 1997 .
External links
Mani.org : Michail Anagnostakos - Capetan Matapas
1878 births
1913 deaths
Hellenic Army officers
Greek military personnel killed in action
People from East Mani
Greek military personnel of the Balkan Wars
Eastern Orthodox monks
Greek military personnel of the Macedonian Struggle
Phorocerostoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae .
Species
Phorocerostoma setiventris ( Malloch , 1929 )
References
Endemic fauna of Australia
Diptera of Australasia
Exoristinae
Tachinidae genera
Taxa named by John Russell Malloch
Monotypic Brachycera genera
You Ca n't Stay Here is the third studio album by Long Island punk rock band Iron Chic . Like the band 's previous work , the album was recorded in guitarist Phil Douglas ' studio , The Hobo House . This was the first album with former Broadcaster guitarist Jesse Litwa replacing the late Rob McAllister on guitar .
Background
Following the touring for The Constant One in 2015 , the band parted ways with guitarist Rob McAllister . Mattie Jo Canino of Latterman , RVIVR and Tender Defender filled in temporarily before Broadcaster guitarist Jesse Litwa assumed the role permanently shortly thereafter . Upon reconvening to begin writing sessions for the album- the band was informed that former guitarist Rob McAllister had died . This , coupled with singer Jason Lubrano 's divorce informed the writing for the album . On the writing of the album , Lubrano explained , `` When we write music , it takes a little while for us to congeal our songs and ideas into a record . It was n't really until we were almost done with the record that that was really super apparent to us , but I think we just felt like it was right to be that way . It would have been too much if it was super dark musically or heavy or whatever . It might be a little bit too much to take in . This was sort of like the honey with the medicine . '' The band released a music video for `` My Best Friend ( Is A Nihilist ) '' On October 10 , 2017 the band premiered `` Planes , Chest Pains & Automobiles '' via NPR .
Reception
The album received critical acclaim upon release . New Noise gave the album a glowing review citing that `` the themes of You Ca n't Stay Here are undoubtedly dark , yes , but the externalization of them — casting them into light and setting them to a fierce , determined melody — is a cry for survival and perseverance . This album is a tribute to fortitude , not weakness . Iron Chic has been through one hell of a fucking year , but they 're still standing , and they made this record together . '' Bad Copy wrote of the album `` From beginning to end , every second of this album kept my attention in the same way a roller coaster might . There were natural feelings of euphoria that quickly dipped into realizations of my own mortality . When it was all said and done , however , I could n't believe it was over . '' Exclaim ! acknowledged the existentialism on the album stating `` There 's not a ton of hope to be found on You Ca n't Stay Here ; with any sort of personal tragedy , it takes time to make sense of it . But what does emerge is a strong sense of togetherness ; the hurt has n't changed them , but it has strengthened their will . ''
Track listing
All music written by Iron Chic .
Personnel
Jason Lubrano - Vocals , Artwork
Phil Douglas- Guitars , Vocals , Production
Jesse Litwa - Guitar
Mike Bruno- Bass
Gordon Lafler- Drums
References
2017 albums
Iron Chic albums
SideOneDummy Records albums
Electraphonic Recording is a recording studio and record label located in Memphis , Tennessee .
History
Electraphonic Recording was established in 2005 by producer and composer Scott Bomar following an agreement to work as composer on Craig Brewer 's Hustle & Flow . Initially functioning as a studio , Electraphonic became a label with the 2006 release of Night Full of Sirens : Anthology '93-'97 , a compilation of material from the band Impala . Bomar continued to grow the business in the months and years that followed with a focus on bolstering the vintage Memphis soul sound . In 2007 , Electraphonic moved into a downtown Memphis studio space with vintage analog equipment including an MCI 416B recording console and a Scully 280 1 '' 8-Track Tape Machine plus ProTools and other modern software .
Currently , Electraphonic operates from its South Main location as a venue for music , film , and television recording .
Music
Among Electraphonic 's more notable releases , Cyndi Lauper entered the studio for a two-week span in 2010 and emerged with the Grammy-nominated Memphis Blues album , which featured B.B . King , Allen Toussaint , Charlie Musslewhite , Johnny Lang , and Ann Peebles . The album was # 1 on the Billboard Blues chart for 13 weeks .
Other projects include a multitude of releases by Bomar 's multi-generational R & B outfit The Bo-Keys , two full-length albums by Memphis-based organ-soul trio The City Champs , and recordings with Jay Reatard , Jack Yarber , Willem Maker , and Jason Mraz 's Grooveline Horns , among others .
TV & Film
Electraphonic has also hosted a variety of TV and film projects , including the Emmy-winning I Am A Man : From Memphis , A Lesson in Life , MTV 's $ 5 Cover series , Craig Brewer 's Black Snake Moan and Academy Award -winning Hustle & Flow , Soul Men ( featuring Anthony Hamilton 's Grammy-nominated `` Soul Music '' ) , Giancarlo Esposito 's Gospel Hill , and the Kevin Smith supported Losers Take All .
Equipment
References
External links
Recording studios in Tennessee
Catholic High School for Boys is a private , Catholic high school located in Little Rock , Arkansas , established in 1930 .
Activities
Extracurricular activities
The Catholic High School for Boys mascot is The Rockets , with purple and gold serving as its school colors .
Athletics
The Little Rock Catholic Rockets compete in the 7A Classification , which is the state 's largest classification , administered by the Arkansas Activities Association . The Rockets compete in the 7A/6A Central Conference . Interscholastic activities include : football , golf , basketball , bowling , cross-country running , soccer , swimming and diving , wrestling , track and field , and baseball .
The Rockets have wom the following state championships :
Baseball : 1971 , 1972
Football : 1984 , 1985
Golf : 1964 , 1965 , 1967 , 1985 , 1989 , 1990 , 1991 , 2006 , 2021 ( boys )
Swimming and diving : 1962 , 1977 , 1980 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1987 , 1989 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004
Soccer : 2002 , 2007 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 ( 7A )
Wrestling : 2014 ( 7A/6A )
Tennis : 1968 , 1971 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 , 1980 , 1981 , 1983 , 1985 , 1986 , 1987 , 1991 , 1992 , 1999 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , 2019 ( boys )
Basketball : 2008 ( 7A )
Alma Mater
Translated as Kind Mother , Alma Mater is the traditional way of referring to one 's school , especially when one feels a debt of gratitude to it . The song which celebrates this attachment to Catholic High School was written in the 1960s by Mr. Thomas Morrissey :
`` Proudly we speak your name ,
proudly wear your colors .
Friendships made within your walls
will mellow through the years .
We , in some distant day ,
may brush away a tear ,
born of memories as these ,
we hold so very dear . ''
Fight Song
`` Go , Rockets , down the field !
You gallant fighters , one and all !
Go , Rockets , never yield !
You 've got the courage and the will to win them all !
Fight ! Fight ! Right to the end !
With no excuse nor alibi !
Courage unfaltering will bring
another victory to Catholic High ! ''
Clubs and traditions
In addition to athletic competition , Catholic sponsors a JROTC unit , which participates in : Drill , Physical Fitness , Academic , and Cyber Patriot competitions , as well as participating in Quiz Bowl , debate , and speech competitions .
The MCJROTC unit was founded by Major General Sidney S. McMath ( USMC ) , former Governor of Arkansas , on 27 November 1967 , when General Clifford B. Drake ( USMC ) official presented the unit colors during Charter Day ceremonies , becoming the third commissioned JROTC program in the nation . The early cadets who attended the program were referred to as `` Sid 's Kids '' . The current Marine instructors are Sgt . Maj. R.S . Jernigan ( Ret . USMC ) and Col. C. Johnson ( Ret . USMC ) . The unit contains female cadets from Mount St. Mary Academy , . The unit as a whole receiving many awards , including :
Designated Naval Honor School , Program with Distinction ( 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 )
Marine Corps Reserve Association , Region V Best Marine Corps Unit ( 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 )
JROTC National Physical Fitness Champions ( 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 )
JROTC Academic Bowl , Best MCJROTC Academic team ( 2016 )
The JROTC program sponsors many different teams , such as : Academic , Armed Drill , Armed Exhibition Drill , Rifle , Cyber Patriot , and Physical Fitness .
The Rockets are the 2009 Quiz Bowl state champions .
The Rockets are the 2021 Chess state champions .
Notable alumni
Dr. John C. York ( Class of 1967 ) Cancer researcher and Co-Chairman , San Francisco 49ers
French Hill ( Class of 1975 ) , Current United States Congressman
Gil Gerard ( Class of 1961 ) Actor and star of television 's Buck Rogers in the 25th Century
Stephen Jones ( Class of 1983 ) Former Arkansas Razorbacks football player , son of Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and current Executive Vice President , CEO , and Director of Player Personnel for the team
Jerry Jones Jr. ( Class of 1988 ) Son of Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of the Dallas Cowboys
Jimmy Kremers Former MLB Player ( Atlanta Braves )
Pat Seerey Former MLB Player ( Cleveland Indians , Chicago White Sox )
Jake Bequette Football player
References
External links
Catholic secondary schools in Arkansas
High schools in Little Rock , Arkansas
Educational institutions established in 1930
Boys ' schools in the United States
Roman Catholic Diocese of Little Rock
Catholic high schools in the United States
Private high schools in Arkansas
1930 establishments in Arkansas
Mario Héctor Turdó ( born 1 January 1979 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football striker currently without a club .
Turdó started his playing career in 1997 with Independiente .
In 1999 , he moved to Europe where he played for Celta Vigo , UD Las Palmas and CD Leganés in Spain and Stade Rennais F.C . in France .
In 2005 Turdó returned to Argentina to play for Quilmes . He has since played for Gimnasia de Jujuy and San Martín de Tucumán
External links
Argentine Primera statistics
Guardian statistics
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Rosario , Santa Fe
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy footballers
San Martín de Tucumán footballers
RC Celta de Vigo players
UD Las Palmas players
CD Leganés players
Stade Rennais F.C . players
Argentine Primera División players
Ligue 1 players
La Liga players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in France
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Arthur Newell Talbot ( October 21 , 1857 – April 3 , 1942 ) was an American civil engineer . He made many contributions to several engineering fields including structures , sewage management , and education . He is considered to be a pioneer in the field of reinforced concrete .
Biography
Early life and education
Talbot was born on October 21 , 1857 , at Cortland , Illinois . His elementary education was in Cortland , and he attended high school in nearby Sycamore . After graduation from high school , he taught in a country school for two years .
He enrolled at Illinois Industrial University ( now the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ) in 1877 to study civil engineering . He was a brilliant student and also participated in many extracurricular activities . He was secretary , vice president and president of the Philomathean Literary Society , associate editor of the Illini delegate to the Interstate Oratorical Association , class essayist , a leading officer in the student government , and an officer in the Cadet Corps . He graduated from the university in 1881 .
Career
After graduation , Talbot headed west and did railroad construction and maintenance in Colorado , Idaho , Kansas , and New Mexico . In September 1885 , he returned to the University of Illinois as an assistant professor of engineering and mathematics . He taught a wide range of subjects , which at different times included mathematics , surveying , engineering drawing , contracts and specifications , roads and pavements , railroad engineering , mechanics and materials , hydraulics , tunneling and explosives , and water supply and sewerage .
In 1890 , he was named Professor of Municipal and Sanitary Engineering in charge of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics . Around this time engineering schools began expanding rapidly , and engineering materials and mechanics began to attract his attention even more than sanitary engineering . Without ever changing title , the emphasis of his work continued to be placed on mechanics and materials .
In 1926 , he retired and was named Professor of Municipal and Sanitary Engineering , Emeritus .
Personal life
Talbot married Virginia Mann Hammet in Camargo , Illinois , on June 7 , 1886 . They had 4 children together . She died on December 4 , 1919 .
Awards & recognitions
Honorary Doctorates
Doctor of Science , University of Pennsylvania , 1915
Doctor of Engineering , University of Michigan , 1916
Doctor of Laws , University of Illinois , 1931
Medals
George Henderson Medal from the Franklin Institute , 1931
John Fritz Medal , 1937
References
External links
Prepared & presented six months after his eightieth birthday .
1857 births
1942 deaths
American civil engineers
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Illinois Industrial University alumni
People from Cortland , Illinois
John Fritz Medal recipients
Engineers from Illinois
Unione Sportiva Dilettantistica 1913 Seregno Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Seregno , Lombardy . It currently plays in .
History
Seregno was founded in 1913 by cav . Umberto Trabattoni and in 1936 gave hospitality to Italian National Team before world football competition .
They played Serie B in 1933–34 and 1933–35 , and have not played at professional level since their relegation in the 1981–82 Serie C2 season .
In 2008 the club was renamed with the current name .
In the 2020–21 Serie D season , Seregno won the Girone B group and thus ensured themselves promotion to Serie C and return to the professional level of Italian football for the first time since 1982 .
Colors and badge
The team 's color is all-blue .
Current squad
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1913
Serie B clubs
Serie C clubs
1913 establishments in Italy
Johan Herbert Magnus Härenstam ( 19 June 1941 – 13 June 2015 ) was a Swedish television host , actor and comedian . Härenstam hosted the Swedish version of the game-show Jeopardy ! for 14 years before being replaced by Adam Alsing . Härenstam is also known for hosting the children 's TV-program Fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter ( with Brasse Brännström & Eva Remaeus ) , which was very popular and has been re-broadcast numerous times since it first aired . Härenstam participated in the music video for ABBA 's hit song `` When I Kissed the Teacher '' where he played the teacher who got kissed by Agnetha Fältskog . Well known in Sweden for several decades , he was almost equally popular in Norway , having starred in the 1990s sitcom Fredrikssons fabrikk , playing the Swedish boss of a Norwegian textile workshop .
Härenstam died on 13 June 2015 after a several year long fight with cancer , six days before his 74th birthday .
Partial filmography
Skratt ( 1968 , TV Short )
Oj , är det redan fredag ? ( 1970 , TV Series )
Fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter ( 1973 , TV Series ) - Magnus
Pappas pojkar ( 1973 , TV Series ) - Martin Bengtsson
Fimpen ( 1974 ) - Mackan
Levande på Nya Bacchi ( 1974 , Theatre )
En kille och en tjej ( 1975 ) - Party Guest
Kamrer Gunnarsson i skärgården ( 1976 , TV Movie ) - Kamrer Gunnarsson
Varning för barn ( 1976 , Theatre )
When I Kissed the Teacher ( 1976 , Video short ) - The Teacher
Skyll inte på mig ! ( 1978 , TV Series ) - Magnus
Det är serverat ( 1978 , Theatre )
The Adventures of Picasso ( 1978 ) - Hitler
Jag är med barn ( 1979 ) - De unga älskande - Bosse
Magnus och Brasse Show ( 1980 , TV Series )
Sällskapsresan ( 1980 ) - Dr. B . A : son Levander
Sopor ( 1981 ) - Ulf Adelsohn
Tuppen ( 1981 ) - Cederqvist
Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen ( 1981 ) - Kronofogden
Svenska Sesam ( 1981 , Swedish version of Sesame Street )
En flicka på halsen ( 1982 ) - Hot Dog Vendor
Två killar och en tjej ( 1983 ) - Klasse Wallin
Jokerfejs ( 1984 )
Hemma hoz ( 1985 , TV Mini-Series )
Bombardemagnus ( 1985 )
Card Sharks ( 1987–1990 , TV Series )
Macken - Roy 's & Roger 's Bilservice ( 1990 ) - Edvard
Fredrikssons fabrikk ( 1990–1993 , TV Series ) - Direktør Hasse Fredriksson
Jeopardy ! ( 1991–2005 , TV Series ) - Television host
Fredrikssons fabrik – The movie ( 1994 ) - Fredriksson
Bert : The Last Virgin ( 1995 ) - Roland Ebert
Vuxna människor ( 1999 ) - Frank 's boss
Tarzan ( 1999 , Swedish dub )
Hälsoresan – En smal film av stor vikt ( 1999 ) - Dr. Levander
Karlsson på taket ( 2002 ) - Filip , thief ( voice )
The Incredibles ( 2005 , Swedish dub )
Winners and Losers ( 2005 ) - Himself
Muntergökarna ( 2005 , Theatre )
Lite som du ( 2005-2006 , TV Series ) - Ralf Sundin
Sigillet ( 2006 ) - Rektor Magnificus
Cars ( 2006 , Swedish dub )
Göta kanal 2 – Kanalkampen ( 2006 ) - Peter Black
Stjärnorna på slottet ( 2007 )
Göta kanal 3 – Kanalkungens hemlighet ( 2009 ) - Peter Black
Vem tror du att du är ? ( 2009 )
Up ( 2009 , Narrator in Swedish version )
Bamse and the Thief City ( 2014 ) - Reinard Räv ( voice )
References
External links
1941 births
2015 deaths
People from Västervik Municipality
Swedish television hosts
Swedish comedians
Swedish male actors
Swedish male voice actors
Deaths from spinal cancer
Deaths from cancer in Sweden
Neurological disease deaths in Sweden
`` Run Up '' is a song by American electronic band Major Lazer . The song features Canadian musician PartyNextDoor , and Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj . The song was released on YouTube on January 26 , 2017 , by Mad Decent and Because Music , intended to be the second single from Music Is the Weapon . But it was then confirmed as the second single from Major Lazer Essentials . The song was written by primary Major Lazer member Diplo , Stargate , PartyNextDoor , Minaj , and Phillip Meckseper , while the song 's production was handled by Major Lazer , Stargate , and Jr Blender .
Composition
`` Run Up '' has a length of three minutes and twenty-three seconds . According to the sheet music published by Kobalt Music Publishing America , Inc on Musicnotes.com , it 's written in the key of E Major set in a time signature at a moderate tempo of 108 beats per minute . The vocal range spans from the low note C3 to the high note C5 , while the music follows the chord progression of A–Cm–E–B . Musically , `` Run Up '' is a dancehall song . PartyNextDoor and Minaj sing using the Jamaican Patois accent .
Reception
`` Run Up '' received generally positive reviews from music critics . Reviewing the song , Ryan Reed from Rolling Stone described it as `` a suave blend of high-pitched vocal samples , warped guitar chords and a signature Caribbean music groove . '' Him praised the presence of Minaj and PartyNextDoor on the song , `` PartyNextDoor croons smooth come-ons throughout the track , but Minaj amps up the intensity with a reliably boastful verse . '' Kat Being of Billboard call it as `` a great follow-up to `` Cold Water '' ( 2016 ) . Bianca Gracie from Fuse gave a positive review to the song , writing , `` Minaj and Party bring their Trinidadian and Jamaican roots to the track , as the rapstress drops boastful verses laced with swagger , sex appeal and patois . '' The written also praised the vocal of the singer PartyNextDoor on the song , she wrote : `` PartyNextDoor adds his crooning vocals to the opening and hook , which is backed by Major Lazer 's island-tinged production . ''
Spin '' 's Brian Josephs commented that the song used `` dancehall-inspired production that Drake pimped and Tory Lanez bit . '' He also praised the feature vocalist on the song writing that `` PartyNextDoor and Minaj are charismatic enough to make his a summer banger that 's dropped a couple of months early . '' Dani Schwartz of the site HotNewHipHop '' also gave a positive review to the song praising the choice of the singers in the song , she 's describing It 's as a `` only natural , then , they enlist PartyNextDoor and Nicki Minaj , two artists with Caribbean roots . ''
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Major Lazer songs
PartyNextDoor songs
Nicki Minaj songs
Dancehall songs
Reggae fusion songs
Songs written by Diplo
Songs written by Mikkel Storleer Eriksen
Songs written by Tor Erik Hermansen
Song recordings produced by Diplo
Song recordings produced by Stargate ( record producers )
Songs written by Nicki Minaj
Songs written by PartyNextDoor
Songs written by Jr Blender
Vachellia cornigera , commonly known as bullhorn acacia ( family Fabaceae ) , is a swollen-thorn tree native to Mexico and Central America . The common name of `` bullhorn '' refers to the enlarged , hollowed-out , swollen thorns ( technically called stipular spines ) that occur in pairs at the base of leaves , and resemble the horns of a steer . In Yucatán ( one region where the bullhorn acacia thrives ) it is called `` subín '' , in Panamá the locals call them `` cachito '' ( little horn ) . The trees are commonly found in wet lowlands
Morphology
Bullhorn acacias are often found as 10 meters ( 33 ft. ) trees . Their bark is gray to brown in color and has small furrows . The new growth of the branches is a reddish brown color and is covered in a pubescence , or a covering of small hairs . The leaves are alternate with a pair of stipular spines where the leaf connects to the branch . The spines can vary widely in color from brown , red , and yellow . The spines are home to ants that protect the plant from herbivory . Beltian bodies can be found at the tips of the leaves . They are full of fats and sugars that feed the ants . The tree also produces carbohydrate-rich nectar from glands on its leaf stalk . This type of relationship is called myrmecophily .
Symbiotic relationship
Bullhorn acacia is best known for its symbiotic relationship with Pseudomyrmex ferruginea , an ant that lives in its hollowed-out thorns . Unlike other acacias , bullhorn acacias are deficient in the bitter alkaloids usually located in the leaves that defend against ravaging insects and animals . Bullhorn acacia ants fulfill that role .
The ants act as a defense mechanism for the tree , protecting it against harmful insects , animals or humans that may come into contact with it . The ants live in the thorns . In return , the tree supplies the ants with Beltian bodies , or protein-lipid nodules , and nectar . These Beltian bodies have no known function other than to provide food for the ants . The aggressive ants release an alarm pheromone and rush out of their thorn `` barracks '' in great numbers .
According to Daniel Janzen , livestock can apparently smell the pheromone and avoid these acacias day and night . Getting stung in the mouth and tongue is an effective deterrent to browsing on the tender foliage . In addition to protecting V. conigera from leaf-cutting ants and other unwanted herbivores , the ants also clear away invasive seedlings around the base of the tree that might overgrow it and block out vital sunlight .
Physiology
The physiology of bullhorn acacia ( vachellia cornigera ) and P. ferrugineus ant 's chemical signalling uses the typical herbivore response signaling pathways expressed in plants . However , the bullhorn acacia extends the function of this signaling to recruit ants to help protect against herbivores . This results in the acacia having an obligate relationship with the P. ferrugineus ants . In this relationship , the plants provide ants with shelter , in the form of swollen stipular spines , food ( in the form of protein-lipid-rich beltian bodies ) and sugar-secreting extrafloral nectaries . The beltian bodies , small detachable tips on the pinnules of the bullhorn acacia , have evolved into multicellular structures to provide food for protective ant colonies . The P. ferrugineus ants cut small holes in the thorns of the acacia where they lay eggs and care for larvae . These thorns are waterproof and hold in moisture which protects the ants .
The communication between the bullhorn acacia and the ants is mediated by volatiles which arise from damaged vegetation . The major volatile released from crushed leaves was identified via gas chromatography to be trans-2-hexenal . In an experiment by William F. Wood and Brenda J . Wood , solutions of trans-2-hexenal and dichloromethane were placed on bull horn acacia to see if the ants would respond . The results of this were that a statistically significant number of ants displayed more aggravated behavior and swarmed the area with trans-2-hexenal than dichloromethane , proving trans-2-hexenal was the main volatile used by the bullhorn acacia to signal its distress to the ants . Thus , the initial signal of the damage response pathway is the physical damage of the leaf . This leads to a flux in Ca2+ levels in the leaf cells , generating a variation potential . The result of the variation potential is the damaged leaves releasing the volatile trans-2-hexena , which the ants sense and respond to by swarming the damaged area to drive off herbivores .
However , the volatile release in response to damage has a secondary function . A study by Hernández-Zepeda et al . revealed that the release of volatiles corresponded with the activation of the jasmonic acid pathway in plants : a common pathway in plants that activates in response to damage . Furthermore , the application of jasmonic acid to leaves resulted in an increase in extrafloral nectar production by CWIN ( an invertase regulator of nectar secretion found in the cell wall ) . Thus , it can be understood that when damaged , the Bullhorn acacia creates a signal to the ants to defend it while also increasing the production of the ants ' food source .
The extrafloral nectaries , which are nectar secreting plant glands , are located on the acacia 's petioles and are the location of the food source for the ants . The secreted nectar plays an important role as plant indirect defense through the attraction of defending ants . As long as the plants are inhabited by mutualistic ants , the extrafloral nectar will get secreted with a sharp diurnal peak ( between 8-10am ) . The nectary is the site of nectar synthesis , and the components that get synthesized include sugar , amino acids , and nectarines . The metabolic machinery for the extrafloral nectar production is synthesized and active during secretion then degraded after . Invertase is an enzyme that was found by Orona-Tamayo et al . to play an important role in nectar secretion , as it collects in the nectaries right before secretion , then declines quickly after the secretion .
The nectar secretion from nectaries and food bodies on leaves and shelter ( hollow stipular spines at the base of a leaf ) is known as swollen plant syndrome . This syndrome is vital to the acacia plant 's survival because it facilitates the animal-plant mutualism with the P. ferrugineus ants . However , this syndrome does not develop until several weeks after germination .
It has been reported that swollen thorn syndrome ( production of specialized traits in the form of hollow stipular spines , beltian bodies , and extrafloral nectaries ) was absent in the early development of the bullhorn acacia . Leichty and Poethig linked the expression of swollen thorn syndrome to a change in the expression of genes in the miR156/miR157 and their corresponding increase in their target SPL transcription factors . Specifically , they found that gradual decline in miRNA156/157 was correlated with gradual increase in length of extrafloral nectaries and an increase in the number of beltian bodies . Furthermore , stipule swelling occurred at the nodes with the lowest levels of these miRNAs . Their results highlight that these traits are controlled by the miR156/miRNA157-SPL pathway , suggesting that this syndrome is an age-dependent ( temporally regulated ) consequence of genetic regulation and not of passive constraints on development .
In a study by Heil et al . in 2014 , the research team found that acacia hosts manipulate their ant inhabitants ( pseudomyrmex ) by inhibiting their sucrose invertase . This enzyme breaks down sucrose in the ants . The invertase in the ants is inhibited by an extra floral nectar ( EFN ) protein chitinase that is in the nectar provided for the ants by the acacia . By binding to the sucrose invertase enzymes in the ants , the chitinase prevents the ants from breaking down sucrose containing sugars . The acacia tree EFN does not contain sucrose so the ants can digest the EFN provided by the acacia but no other sucrose containing nectars . Unknown to the ants , this very source ( the EFN ) contains the inhibiting chitinase . This manipulation of the ants physiology by acacia ensures the continuation of defense behavior of the ants .
The symbiotic relationship between the bullhorn acacia and P. ferrugineus ants is of a mutualistic nature for both species . This relationship has many physiological factors in both the acacia and ants . The behaviors that arise from these factors are currently known to include : Acacia defense by ants and nectar secretion by acacia resulting in partner manipulation of the ants by the acacia .
Uses
Decorative uses
The thorns of V. cornigera , are often strung into unusual necklaces and belts . In El Salvador the horn-shaped thorns provide the legs for small ballerina seed dolls which are worn as decorative pins .
Traditional medicine
The thorns of V. cornigera are also used in traditional Maya acupuncture .
References
External links
Backyard Nature
cornigera
Trees of Belize
Trees of Central America
Trees of Costa Rica
Trees of Cuba
Trees of El Salvador
Trees of Guadeloupe
Trees of Îles des Saintes
Trees of Martinique
Trees of Mexico
Trees of Nicaragua
Trees of Panama
Medicinal plants of Central America
Myrmecophytes
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
