Laughing was the first release by Australian alternative country musician Anne McCue . It was released in 1996 . This independent release received limited airplay on the Australian airwaves via ABC 's Radio National and 'Always ' appeared in the Aussie indie film 'This Space Between Us ' ( this info courtesy www.girlmonstar.com ) .
Track listing
`` Waiting for the Sun ''
`` Always ''
`` My Only One ''
`` Laughing ''
`` Angeline ''
`` These Things ''
1996 EPs
Anne McCue albums
Developmental verbal dyspraxia ( DVD ) , also known as childhood apraxia of speech ( CAS ) and developmental apraxia of speech ( DAS ) , is a condition in which children have problems saying sounds , syllables and words . This is not because of muscle weakness or paralysis . The brain has problems planning to move the body parts ( e.g. , lips , jaw , tongue ) needed for speech . The child knows what they want to say , but their brain has difficulty coordinating the muscle movements necessary to say those words .
The exact cause of this disorder is usually unknown . Many observations suggest a genetic cause of DVD , as many with the disorder have a family history of communication disorders . The gene FOXP2 has been implicated in many studies of the condition , and when this is the cause , the condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner , however roughly 75 % of these cases are de novo .
There is no cure for DVD , but with appropriate , intensive intervention , people with this motor speech disorder can improve significantly .
Presentation
There are three significant features that differentiate DVD/CAS from other childhood speech sound disorders . These features are :
`` Inconsistent errors on consonants and vowels in repeated productions of syllables and words
Lengthened coarticulatory transitions between sounds and syllables
Inappropriate prosody , especially in the realization of lexical or phrasal stress ''
Even though DVD/CAS is a developmental disorder , it will not simply disappear when children grow older . Children with this disorder do not follow typical patterns of language acquisition and will need treatment in order to make progress .
Causes
DVD/CAS is a motor disorder , which means that the problem is located in the brain and its signals , and not in the mouth . In most cases , the cause is unknown . Possible causes include genetic syndromes and disorders .
Recent research has focused on the significance of the FOXP2 gene in both species and individual development . Research regarding the KE family , where half the members of the extended family , over three generations , exhibited heritable developmental verbal dyspraxia , were found to have a defective copy of the FOXP2 gene . and further studies suggest that the FOXP2 gene as well as other genetic issues could explain DVD/CAS . including 16p11.2 microdeletion syndrome .
New research suggests a role for the sodium channel SCN3A in the development of the perisylvian areas , which maintain key language circuits- Broca and Wernicke Area . Patients with mutations in SCN3A had oral-motor speech disorders .
Birth/prenatal injuries , as well as stroke , can also be causes of DVD/CAS . Furthermore , DVD/CAS can occur as a secondary characteristic to a variety of other conditions . These include autism , some forms of epilepsy , fragile X syndrome , galactosemia and chromosome translocations involving duplications or deletions .
Diagnosis
Developmental verbal dyspraxia can be diagnosed by a speech language pathologist ( SLP ) through specific exams that measure oral mechanisms of speech . The oral mechanisms exam involves tasks such as pursing lips , blowing , licking lips , elevating the tongue , and also involves an examination of the mouth . A complete exam also involves observation of the patient eating and talking . Tests such as the Kaufman Speech Praxis test , a more formal examination , are also used in diagnosis .
A differential diagnosis of DVD/CAS is often not possible for children under the age of two years old . Even when children are between 2–3 years , a clear diagnosis can not always occur , because at this age , they may still be unable to focus on , or cooperate with , diagnostic testing .
Management
There is no cure for DVD/CAS , but with appropriate , intensive intervention , people with the disorder can improve significantly .
DVD/CAS requires various forms of therapy which varies with the individual needs of the patient . Typically , treatment involves one-on-one therapy with a speech language pathologist ( SLP ) . In children with DVD/CAS , consistency is a key element in treatment . Consistency in the form of communication , as well as the development and use of oral communication are extremely important in aiding a child 's speech learning process .
Many therapy approaches are not supported by thorough evidence ; however , the aspects of treatment that do seem to be agreed upon are the following :
Treatment needs to be intense and highly individualized , with about 3–5 therapy sessions each week
A maximum of 30 minutes per session is best for young children
Principles of motor learning theory and intense speech-motor practice seem to be the most effective
Non-speech oral motor therapy is not necessary or sufficient
A multi-sensory approach to therapy may be beneficial : using sign language , pictures , tactile cues , visual prompts , and augmentative and alternative communication ( AAC ) can be helpful .
Although these aspects of treatment are supported by much clinical documentation , they lack evidence from systematic research studies . In ASHA 's position statement on DVD/CAS , ASHA states there is a critical need for collaborative , interdisciplinary , and programmatic research on the neural substrates , behavioral correlates , and treatment options for DVD/CAS .
Integral stimulation
One technique that is frequently used to treat DVD/CAS is integral stimulation . Integral stimulation is based on cognitive motor learning , focusing on the cognitive motor planning needed for the complex motor task of speech . It is often referred to as the `` watch me , listen , do as I do '' approach and is founded on a multi-step hierarchy of strategies for treatment . This hierarchy of strategies allows the clinician to alter treatment depending upon the needs of the child . It uses various modalities of presentation , emphasizing the auditory and visual modes . Experts suggest that extensive practice and experience with the new material is key , so hundreds of target stimuli should be elicited in a single session . Furthermore , distributed ( shorter , but more frequent ) and random treatment , which mix target and non-target utterances , produces greater overall learning .
The six steps of the hierarchy upon which integral stimulation therapy for children is loosely organized are :
`` The child watches and listens and simultaneously produces the stimulus with the clinician .
The clinician models , then the child repeats the stimulus while the clinician simultaneously mouths it .
The clinician models and provides cues and the child repeats .
The clinician models and the child repeats with no cues provided .
The clinician elicits the stimulus without modeling , such as by asking a question , with the child responding spontaneously .
The child produces stimuli in less-directed situations with clinician encouragement , such as in role-play or games '' .
Integrated phonological approach
Another treatment strategy that has been shown to have positive effects is an integrated phonological approach . This approach `` incorporates targeted speech production practice into phonological awareness activities and uses letters and phonological cues to prompt speech production '' . McNeill , Gillon , & Dodd studied 12 children ages 4–7 with DVD/CAS who were treated with this approach two times a week for two six-week blocks of time ( separated by a six-week withdrawal block ) . They found positive effects for most of the children in the areas of speech production , phonological awareness , word decoding , letter knowledge , and spelling . These results show that it is clinically productive to target speech production , phonological awareness , letter knowledge , spelling , and reading all at once . This is particularly important since children with DVD/CAS often have continuous problems with reading and spelling , even if their production of speech improves .
See also
Apraxia
Apraxia of speech
Developmental coordination disorder
Dysarthria
FOXP2 and human evolution
KE family
Origin of speech
Speech and language impairment
References
External links
Neurological disorders
Communication disorders
Language disorders
Christopher William Reed ( born May 20 , 1990 ) is a British-American former professional baseball pitcher . He played in two games in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Miami Marlins in 2015 .
Early life
Reed was born in London and spent the first year of his life in England where his father was working . The family thereafter relocated to Southern California .
Career
Amateur career
Reed attended Cleveland High School in Reseda , California . In his senior year , in 2008 , Reed was a second-team all-West Valley League selection . He played college baseball at Stanford and was the closer for the Cardinal in 2011 , picking up 9 saves and a 6–2 record , with a 2.54 ERA in 28 games . He limited opposing batters to a .201 average with 48 strikeouts .
Los Angeles Dodgers
The Los Angeles Dodgers selected Reed in the first round of the 2011 MLB Draft . He signed late in the summer , agreeing to a $ 1.6 million signing bonus , and only appeared in 3 games for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes during the 2011 season , pitching only seven innings . After beginning 2012 with the Quakes , he was promoted in June to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts .
Reed was selected to represent the `` World Team '' in the 2012 All-Star Futures Game and represented the Great Britain national baseball team in the qualifying rounds of the 2013 World Baseball Classic . The Dodgers assigned him to the Mesa Solar Sox in the Arizona Fall League . In 2013 , he spent the entire season with the Lookouts and was 4–11 with a 3.86 ERA in 29 appearances ( 25 starts ) . In 2014 , he was selected to the mid-season Southern League All-Star Game . He was promoted to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes on August 7 , 2014 . He made five starts for the Isotopes , and was 0–3 with a 10.97 ERA .
On November 20 , 2014 , he was added to the Dodgers 40 man roster in order to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft . He was assigned to the AA Tulsa Drillers to start the season , and also moved into the bullpen after having previously been a starter . Reed was promoted to Triple-A on April 29 , 2015 . The Dodgers designated him for assignment on July 10 , and removed him from the 40-man roster .
Miami Marlins
Reed was traded by the Dodgers to the Miami Marlins on July 15 , 2015 , for Grant Dayton . He was assigned to the AAA New Orleans Zephyrs but the Marlins called him up to the majors for the first time on August 1 . He pitched two scoreless innings of relief in his debut that night against the San Diego Padres . He later allowed two runs in two innings against the New York Mets on August 3 before returning to the Minors .
He announced his retirement on February 17 , 2017 . On April 20 , 2018 , he came out of retirement to re-sign with the Marlins and was assigned to the Greensboro Grasshoppers . He was later promoted to Double A Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp and pitched out of the bullpen .
New Britain Bees
On July 14 , 2018 , Reed signed with the New Britain Bees of the Atlantic League . He became a free agent following the 2018 season . Reed later re-signed with the Bees on July 12 , 2019 . He became a free agent following the season .
Long Island Ducks
On May 7 , 2021 , Reed signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball . In 23 bullpen appearances , he registered a 1–2 record with a 7.98 ERA and 13 strikeouts . On August 24 , 2021 , Reed announced his retirement from professional baseball .
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Major League Baseball players from England
Sportspeople from London
English emigrants to the United States
Major League Baseball pitchers
Miami Marlins players
Stanford Cardinal baseball players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Mesa Solar Sox players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Tulsa Drillers players
Long Island Ducks players
Oklahoma City Dodgers players
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Jacksonville Suns players
Greensboro Grasshoppers players
Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp players
New Britain Bees players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Wisconsin Woodchucks players
Yıldızlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The International Federation of Resistance Fighters – Association of Anti-Fascists also known by its French initials FIR ( Fédération Internationale des Résistantes - Association des Antifascistes ) is an organization of veterans of the anti-Axis resistance fighters , partisans , members of the anti-Hitler coalition . During the Cold War , the work of the FIR was closely connected with issues of peace , disarmament , understanding and cooperation of countries of different political systems . The FIR gave the former resistance fighters a voice against the policy of military confrontation and the real threat of war . Member organizations in West and East took numerous initiatives to end the policy of confrontation .
History
The FIR was founded in June 1951 in Vienna . It was formed by an earlier organization called the International Federation of Former Political Prisoners ; the latter organization had been founded in Paris in 1947 . ( Other sources say 1946 . )
In the following decades , FIR organized conferences on medical , political and historical themes . The aim was also to prove that the destruction of German fascism was not only the work of Army organizations , but that the role of partisans and resistance fighters were kept in good memory . To preserve the memory of the post-war generations , FIR set-up a historical commission , which published a total of ten “ International issues of the resistance movement ” , studies of the antifascist resistance fight in various European countries , including impressive reports on the uprising in Paris , Prague and Northern Italy as well as documents on the resistance in the concentration and extermination camps and the international participation in the national liberation struggle in various European countries , with a specific attention to the Jewish resistance movement . The aim of this memory was the historical education of young generations .
The medical and social conferences of the FIR highlighted the health consequences of persecution in Nazi prisons and the medical consequences for family members and the enforcement of appropriate compensation . There were repeated argumentation with social supply points about how long-term health damage by the prison time can be evaluated . Reputable physicians sat for the interests of a former persecuted and helped those that appropriate care and financial compensation was given .
A key task was the fight against the resurgence of neo-fascist organizations and political restoration , particularly in the Federal Republic of Germany . FIR repeatedly documented the reality of fascist crimes , to show what were the inhuman results of such a policy . But FIR did not only intelligence work . As Nazi graffiti became increasingly impertinent in Germany and further to the desecration of the Cologne synagogue in December 1959 , FIR suggested convening an “ International Conference against the resurgence of Nazism and anti-Semitism ” . Together with the International League for Human Rights , the Union of Israeli Jewish communities in Italy , the ANPPIA and ANED , FIR organized this conference in March 1960 in Florence , which was attended by 130 delegates from 13 countries .
A further step in the battle against the forces of the past , can be found in the campaign against the Association HIAG ( “ Aid Society of former member of the Waffen-SS ” ) , initiated by the FIR the “ International meeting against the re-emergence of Nazism and Fascism ” in October 1963 in Florence . Under pressure from the FIR , HIAG call off their planned “ European Convention ” .
During the seventies , FIR supported the creation of a system of common security and cooperation in Europe . Along with other veterans ' organizations , particularly the World Veterans Federation ( FMAC ) , FIR organized a “ world meeting of former combatants for Disarmament ” in 1979 in Rome .
FIR today
In 2004 , at the XIII regular congress in Berlin , FIR adopted a new statute that allowed the integration of young anti-fascists ; since that time , the organization is named “ International Federation of Resistance Fighters – Association of Anti-fascists ” ( FIR ) .
Today , the FIR incorporate member organizations in more than 25 European countries and Israel . The political circumstances have changed , but the main problem is fixed in the slogan “ never again ” . This means to disclose the historical truth about the resistance struggle , the reality of fascism and the role of the anti-Hitler coalition , the allied forces – including the Soviet soldiers who bore the brunt of the war – the destruction of the fascist barbarism .
Due to various activities and initiatives for disarmament and international cooperation , the Secretary General of the United Nations , on 15 September 1987 , designated FIR as “ Peace Messenger ” . FIR is also the only antifascist organization officially accredited at the EU Transparency Register .
Organization
Structure
The federation is currently structured with national associations gathered in an Advisory Council – and an Executive Committee made of 10 members .
The 27th Regular congress , hold in Prague on 18/19 November 2016 , confirmed Vilmos Hanti in his role of President of the federation and elected Filippo Giuffrida Repaci , General Michail A. Moiseev and Christos Tzintsilonis as Vicepresidents . Dr Ulrich Scheider was confirmed as Secretary General and Heinz Siefritz as Finance Secretary . The other members of the Executive Committee are Jean Cardoen , Alessandro Pollio Salimbeni , Nikolai Royanov and Gregori Touglidis .
General Assemblies
Vienna , June 1951
Vienna , November 1954
Vienna , November 1958 ( first session ) ; March 1959 ( second session )
Warsaw , December 1962
Budapest , December 1965
Athens , October 19 – 20 , 2007
Berlin , January 9 – 10 , 2010
Sofia , Bulgaria October 4 – 6 , 2013
Prague , Czech Republic November 18 – 20 , 2016
Reggio Emilia , Italy November 29–30 , 2019
Members
With the introduction of a new regulation , approved during the at the 13th congress , in 2004 FIR allowed a generational change of the directive members of the association , that , in 2015 counted about 1,000,000 affiliated , through the members of the national associations .
- Veteranët e Luftës Antifashiste Nacionalçlirimtare Shqiptare
- Vereinigung österreichischer Freiwilliger in der spanischen Republik
- Bundesverband österreichischer Widerstandskämpfer und Antifaschisten
- Veterans Organisation of the Republic of Belarus
- Comité d'Action de la Résistance – Aktie Raad van de Weerstand
- Udruženje veterana Narodnooslobodilačkog i antifašističkog rata Bosne i Hercegovine ( 1941-1945 )
- БЪЛГАРСКИ АНТИФАШИСТКИ СЪЮЗ / Union Antifasciste Bulgarie
- Savez Antifasistisckih Boraca i Antifasista Republike Hrvatske
- Cyprus Veterans Association World War II / Σύνδεσμος Βετεράνων Κύπρου Παγκόσμιος Πόλεμος
- Pancyprian Democratic Resistance Association / Παγκύπρια Ένωση Δημοκρατικής Αντίστασης
- Svaz bojovníků za svobodu/Verband der Freiheitskämpfer
- FIR Danmark/FIR Denmark
- Association Nationale des Cheminots Anciens Combattants
- Union des Juifs pour la Résistance et l'Ent'aide
- Association Nationale des Anciens Combattants de la Résistance
- Comitee Internationale de Ravensbrück
- Amicale des Anciens Guerrilleros Espanols en France
- Comite Internationale Sachsenhausen
- Verband Deutscher in der Resistance , in den Streikräften der Antihilterkoalition
- Internationales Sachsenhausen Komitee
- Lagergemeinschaft Ravensbrück/ Freundeskreise
- Förderverein Gedenkstätte Steinwache / Internationales Rombergpark Komitee
- Kämpfer und Freunde der Spanischen Republik 1936-1939
- Vereinigung der Verfolgten des Naziregimes – Bund der Antifaschisten
- Arbeitsgemeinschaft Neuengamme
- Jenischer Bund in Deutschland
- Panellínia Énosi Agonistón tis Ethnikís Antístasis / Union Panhellénique des Combattants de la Résistance Nationale
- Panellínia énosi machitón tis Mésis Anatolís / Panhelleic ligue of Middle East-Fighters
- Orgánosi gia tin katapolémisi tis máchis tis ethnikís prostasías / Organisation Panhellénique des Combattants de la Résistance Nationale
- Panellínia Énosi Syndikalistón tis Ethnikís Antístasis / Ligue Panhellénique des Combattants de la Résistance Nationale
- Panellínia Politistikí Etaireía Apogónous kai Fíloi tou Ethnikoú Anthektikoú kai Dimokratikoú Stratoú / Panhellenic Cultural Society Descendants and Friends of National Resistant and Democratic Army
- Panellínia Omospondía Antistasiakón Organóseon / Panhellenic Federation of Resistance Organisations
- Magyar Ellenállók és Antifasiszták Szövetségének / Verband der ungarischen Widerstandskämpfer und Antifaschisten- Gemeinsam für Demokratie
- Association of Disabled Veterans of Fight against nazism
- Organization of Partisans Underground Fighters and Ghetto Rebels in Israel
- Veterans Union of World War II – Fighters Against Nazism
- Associazione Nazionale Partigiani d'Italia
- Associazione Partigiani Matteotti del Piemonte
- Latvijas Tirailieru un partizānu 130. korpusa veterānu asociācija / Assoc . des Anciens Combattants du 130e Corps d'Armée de Tirailleurs Lettons et des Partisans
- Les Amis des Brigades Internationales Luxembourg
- Comite International de Sachsenhausen
- Sojuz na veterani od nacionalnata osloboditelna i antifašistička vojna na Makedonija 1941 - 1945 godina / Union of Veterans from the national liberation and antifascist war of Macedonia 1941 – 1945
- Vereniging Landlijk Kontakt-Groep Verzetsgepensioneerden ( 40-45 )
- Antifascistische oud-Verzetsstrijders Nederland / Bond van Antifascisten
- Polski Zwiazek Bylych Wiezniów Politycznych Hitlerowskich Wiezién I Obozów Koncentracyjnych
- União de Resistentes Antifascistas Portugueses
- Asociatia Antifascistilor din Romania
- Rossiyskiy obshchestvennyy komitet byvshikh voinov / Russisches gesellschaftliches Komitee der ehemaligen Kriegsteilnehmer
- International Association of Veterans Organizations
- Saveza udruženja boraca narodnooslobodilackog rata Srbije 1941-1945
- Slovensky Svaz Protifasistict Bojovnikot Ustiedny Vybor
- Zvezo združenj borcev za vrednote NOB
- Amicale de Mauthausen y otros campos
- Associación Brigadas Internationales ( Voluntarios de la Libertad )
- Associación de Ex-Presos y Represaliados Politicos Antifranquistas
- Associacio Catalana d'Expresos Politics
- All-Ukrainian Union of War Veterans
FIR Bulletin
FIR monthly publishes a magazine named “ FIR Bulletin ” in three languages . The magazine focuses on historical-political issues ; it contributes to notify events related to the European and International resistance .
See also
World Veterans Federation
World Federation of Trade Unions
Women 's International Democratic Federation
World Federation of Democratic Youth
International Union of Students
International Organization of Journalists
International Association of Democratic Lawyers
World Federation of Scientific Workers
World Peace Council
Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade
References
External links
Internationale Föderation der Widerstandskampfer ( International Federation of Resistance Fighters ) , report , 1961
Communist front organizations
Organizations established in 1951
Veterans ' organizations
Anti-fascist organizations
American rock band Unwritten Law has released seven studio albums , two live albums , two EPs , two video albums , eleven singles , one demo , and thirteen music videos .
Unwritten Law formed in 1990 in Poway , California with an initial lineup of singer Scott Russo , guitarists Steve Morris and Rob Brewer , bassist John Bell , and drummer Wade Youman . They released their six-song demo in 1992 and the EP Blurr in 1993 . Their debut album Blue Room was released in 1994 through local label Red Eye Records . The band then signed to Epic Records , who re-released Blue Room and put out 1996 's Oz Factor , supported by singles for `` Lame '' , `` Denied '' , and `` Superman '' , the latter of which became the band 's first music video . Bell then left the group and the band signed to Interscope Records , bringing in Pivit bassist Micah Albao for the recording of 1998 's Unwritten Law . By the time of the album 's release Pat `` PK '' Kim had become their permanent bassist . Unwritten Law was their first album to chart , reaching # 16 on Billboard 's Heatseekers Albums chart , and spawned five music videos : `` Teenage Suicide '' , `` California Sky '' , `` Holiday '' , `` Cailin '' , and `` Lonesome '' . `` Cailin '' and `` Lonesome '' were released as singles , the former being Unwritten Law 's first song to chart , reaching # 28 on the Alternative Songs chart . In 1999 they released the Visit to Oz EP in Australia , coinciding with their first headlining tour there .
The band 's fourth album was 2002 's Elva , their first to chart on the Billboard 200 , reaching # 69 . `` Up All Night '' and `` Seein ' Red '' were both released as singles , the latter becoming the highest-charting song of the band 's career by reaching the # 1 spot on the Alternative Songs chart . The group then moved to Lava Records and released 2003 's Music in High Places , a live acoustic album recorded in Yellowstone National Park for the VH1 series of the same name , which spawned a charting single for `` Rest of My Life '' . Youman was then ejected from the band , so Adrian Young and Tony Palermo played drums on the recording of Here 's to the Mourning ( 2005 ) . Palermo joined the band permanently , and the singles for `` Save Me ( Wake-Up Call ) '' and `` She Says '' from the album both reached the Alternative Songs chart , the former being the band 's second-highest-charting song at # 5 . Brewer was fired from Unwritten Law in 2005 and the band continued as a quartet .
In 2006 Interscope released 20th Century Masters : The Millennium Collection , a compilation of tracks from Unwritten Law and Elva . Unwritten Law followed by releasing their own greatest hits album , The Hit List , on Abydos Records in 2007 . Consisting mostly of re-recorded versions of songs from their back catalog , it reached # 10 on the Independent Albums chart . No singles were released from this album , but a music video was filmed for the new track `` Shoulda Known Better '' . Palermo then left Unwritten Law for Papa Roach and was replaced by Dylan Howard . The band signed to Suburban Noize Records , releasing the live album and DVD Live and Lawless in 2008 and their sixth studio album , Swan , in 2011 .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Demo albums
Extended plays
Singles
Video albums
Music videos
Other appearances
The following Unwritten Law songs were released on compilation albums , soundtracks , and other releases . This is not an exhaustive list .
Official bootlegs
References
External links
Discography
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
The 2012–13 Monterrey season was the 66th professional season of Mexico 's top-flight football league . The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams . Monterrey began their season on July 21 , 2012 against América , Monterrey play their homes games on Saturdays at 7:00pm local time . Monterrey reached the quarter-finals of the Final phase in the Apertura tournament and reached the semi-finals in the Clausura tournament . Monterrey won their third straight CONCACAF Champions League after defeating Santos Laguna 4–2 on aggregate and qualified to the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup . Monterrey ended up in third place at the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup after defeating Al Ahly of Egypt in the third place match .
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Regular season
League table
Results
Final phase
Tijuana advanced 2–1 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source :
Final Phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
League table
Results
Final phase
Monterrey advanced 2–1 on aggregate
América advanced 4–3 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source :
Final Phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
CONCACAF Champions League
Group Stage
Championship Round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
FIFA Club World Cup
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
2013
The Skipper Surprised His Wife is a 1950 film directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Robert Walker and Joan Leslie .
Plot
The skipper , Cmdr . William Lattimer ( Robert Walker ) whose wife Daphne ( Joan Leslie ) is incapacitated by a broken leg , forcing the skipper takes over management of their home . A stickler for nautical discipline , Lattimer tries to run things `` the Navy way , '' but this proves not only futile but ridiculous .
Cast
Robert Walker as Cmdr . William J. Lattimer
Joan Leslie as Daphne Lattimer
Edward Arnold as Adm. Homer Thorndyke
Spring Byington as Agnes Thorndyke
Leon Ames as Dr. Phillip Abbott
Jan Sterling as Rita Rossini
Anthony Ross as Joe Rossini
Paul Harvey as Brendon Boyd
Kathryn Card as Thelma Boyd
Tommy Myers as Tommy Lattimer
Rudy Lee as Davey Lattimer
Finnegan Weatherwax as Muscles
Reception
According to MGM records , the film earned $ 733,000 in the US and Canada and $ 193,000 overseas , leading to a loss of $ 181,000 .
References
External links
1950 films
Films directed by Elliott Nugent
1950 comedy films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American comedy films
Films scored by Bronisław Kaper
American black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The women 's hammer throw event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 17–19 August .
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification : 65.00 m ( Q ) or at least 12 best ( q ) qualified for the final .
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Hammer
2011 in women 's athletics
2011
Team Sapura Cycling is a Malaysian UCI Continental cycling team founded in 2017 with major backing from Sapura Holdings Berhad , a renowned conglomerate from Malaysia .
Team roster
Major wins
2017
Stage 3 Tour de Lombok , Jahir Perez
Stage 2 Tour de Molvccas , Akmal Hakim Zakaria
Stage 4 Jelajah Malaysia , Jahir Perez
2018
Stage 1 Tour of Indonesia , Dylan Page
Prologue Tour of Cartier , Mario Vogt
Stage 2 Tour de Lombok , Muhamad Zawawi Azman
Stage 3 Tour de Siak , Mohamad Izzat Hilmi Abdul Halil
Stage 4 Tour de Siak , Akmal Hakim Zakaria
Stage 3 Tour de Ijen , Jesse Ewart
Overall Tour de Singkarak , Jesse Ewart
Stage 3 , Jesse Ewart
2019
Oceania Continental Championships , Road Race , Benjamin Dyball
Oceania Continental Championships , Time Trial , Benjamin Dyball
Stage 1 Tour de Tochigi , Benjamin Dyball
Overall Tour de Langkawi , Benjamin Dyball
Stage 1 , Marcus Culey
Stage 4 , Benjamin Dyball
Overall Tour de Iskandar Johor , Mario Vogt
Stage 2 , Cristian Raileanu
Stage 4 Tour of Taiyuan , Cristian Raileanu
Stages 2 & 5 Tour de Filipinas , Mario Vogt
National Time Trial Championships , Muhsin Al Redha Misbah
National Time Trial Championships , Cristian Raileanu
National Road Race Championships , Cristian Raileanu
Stage 7 ( ITT ) Tour of Qinghai Lake , Ben Dyball
Stage 3 Tour of Indonesia , Marcus Culey
Stage 5 Tour of Indonesia , Ben Dyball
Stage 5 Tour of Peninsular , Cristian Raileanu
Overall Tour de Singkarak , Jesse Ewart
Stages 1 & 2 , Jesse Ewart
Stage 4 , Cristian Raileanu
Stage 9 , Muhamad Zawawi Azman
Overall Tour de Selangor , Marcus Culey
Stages 1 , 2 , 3 & 4 , Marcus Culey
2020
Overall Tour de Langkawi , Danilo Celano
National Road Race Championships , Serghei Țvetcov
National Time Trial Championships , Cristian Raileanu
National Road Race Championships , Cristian Raileanu
National Time Trial Championships , Nur Aiman Rosli
National Road Race Championships , Akmal Hakim Zakaria
2021
National Time Trial Championships , Ahmet Örken
National Time Trial Championships , Nur Aiman Rosli
Continental & national champions
2019
Oceanian Time Trial , Ben Dyball
Oceanian Road Race , Ben Dyball
Malaysian Time Trial , Muhsin Al Redha Misbah
Moldavian Time Trial , Cristian Raileanu
Moldavian Road Race , Cristian Raileanu
2020
Romanian Time Trial , Serghei Țvetcov
Moldavian Time Trial , Cristian Raileanu
Moldavian Road Race , Cristian Raileanu
Malaysian Time Trial , Nur Aiman Rosli
Malaysian Road Race , Akmal Hakim Zakaria
2021
Turkey Time Trial , Ahmet Örken
Moldavian Time Trial , Cristian Raileanu
Malaysian Time Trial , Nur Aiman Rosli
Malaysian Road Race , Mohamad Saari Amri Abd Rasim
2022
Malaysian Time Trial , Nur Aiman Rosli
Malaysian Road Race , Muhsin Al Redha Misbah
Malaysian U23 Road Race , Mior Muhammad Hazwan Hamzah
References
External links
UCI Continental Teams ( Asia )
Cycling teams established in 2017
Cycling teams based in Malaysia
Summit is a train station in Summit , New Jersey , served by New Jersey Transit 's Morris & Essex Lines ( the Gladstone Branch and Morristown Line ) . The station sits between Union Place on the north and Broad Street on the south , with station access via either side , and between Summit Avenue on the east and Maple Avenue on the west . Constructed in 1904–1905 by the Delaware , Lackawanna and Western Railroad in a mile-long open cut , it is one of the few NJ Transit stations with platforms below street level .
History
The station had served several Delaware , Lackawanna and Western Railroad , and then Erie-Lackwanna Railroad , named passenger trains . These included the Lake Cities , Owl/New York Mail , Twilight/Pocono Express and the DLW flagship train , the Phoebe Snow .
The station was cosmetically renovated for the 2005 PGA Championship at the Baltusrol Golf Club in nearby Springfield . Status screens were installed on the platforms to show the next train and the platforms , and fittings were painted . The screens are still present . During that time , buses were used as the connection to go to and from the PGA Championship .
On December 20 , 2018 , New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy chose the station as the venue to sign legislation to reform the management of NJ Transit .
Station layout and services
There are two platforms and three tracks : Track 1 is served by a side platform , while Tracks 2 and 3 are served by the island platform . The side platform is accessible via the station overpass or directly from the Union Place parking lot , while the island platform can only be accessed via the overpass .
In the early morning hours , trains on the Gladstone Branch originate at Gladstone Station with a final destination to Hoboken Terminal . Trains going to New York Pennsylvania Station ( New York Penn Station ) originate in Dover .
On weekends , the Gladstone Branch trains only operate between Summit and Gladstone , requiring passengers wishing to travel farther east to transfer across the platform to a Morristown Line train , which operates between Dover and New York ( as well as Hoboken via a transfer at Newark Broad Street station ) .
The station has a small parking lot on its property that slopes down from Union Place . Another large lot is across Summit Avenue , accessible from Broad Street . In the 1990s , a multistory parking garage was built on part of the Broad Street lot . In the days after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , the city made daily chalk marks on the tires of the many unclaimed vehicles to help identify those missing .
The station also has a waiting room with a small coffee and newspaper shop that is open at morning commute time and then through the afternoon rush hour .
Gallery
Bibliography
References
External links
Station House from Google Maps Street View
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
Summit , New Jersey
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1837
Former Delaware , Lackawanna and Western Railroad stations
Railway stations in Union County , New Jersey
1837 establishments in New Jersey
Sukhwinder Singh is a former Indian footballer and football manager . He was the manager of the Cuttack based Indian Women 's League side , Rising Student 's Club for the 2013–2014 season and was also the coach of the India U-23 side and formerly of the Pailan Arrows of the I-League .
Career
He formerly managed the Indian senior team and JCT FC . His notable achievements include the SAFF Cup 1999 win with the Indian senior team , the SAFF Cup 2009 with the India U-23 team and the 1996–97 National Football League victory with JCT FC . He last managed I-League side Churchill Brothers .
Sukhwinder Singh is best remembered for India 's performance in 2002 World Cup Qualifiers , where they defeated teams like the United Arab Emirates , Brunei and Yemen . India secured 11 points from 6 matches , same as Yemen , but finished behind them due to an inferior goal difference . Only UAE qualified for the next round . Even though they did not make it to the second round , India 's performance was commendable .
India started the campaign with solitary goal ( by Jules Alberto ) win over the mighty UAE at Bangalore . The men in blue defeated Brunei twice , one of which was a lopsided 5–0 win at home . They successfully held Yemen to draws in both the matches .
They lost only one game in the entire qualifying phase which was against the UAE in an away encounter . If India had managed to beat Yemen in at least one of the ties , they would have surpassed UAE and qualified for the next stages .
In July 2000 , Sukhwinder Singh managed India during their historic England-tour , where they played three matches against English Premier League sides Fulham , West Bromwich Albion , and arch-rival Bangladesh .
Honours
Player
India
King 's Cup third place : 1977
Punjab
Santosh Trophy : 1974–75 , 1980–81
Manager
India
SAFF Championship : 1999
India U23
SAFF Championship : 2009
References
External links
Profile
Sukhwinder Singh profile at the-aiff.com ( archived )
Indian footballers
India international footballers
Indian football coaches
Indian football managers
India national football team managers
Pailan Arrows managers
Churchill Brothers FC Goa managers
I-League managers
Footballers from Hoshiarpur
1949 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Indian Arrows FC managers
This is a list of the mayors of the City of Launceston , Tasmania , Australia .
1853–1900
1901–2001
2001–present
References
External links
Launceston City Council
Launceston
FC Ikva Mlyniv is an amateur Ukrainian football club from Mlyniv , Rivne Oblast . It plays in the Rivne Oblast Championship ( season 2018–19 ) .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
| }
External links
Revival of football in Mlyniv ( Відродження футболу у Млинові ) . Rivne Oblast Football Federation . 8 July 2015
Volodymyr Kovalenko . Serhiy Vyshenskyi : `` Viliya '' wants by the example of famous `` Ajax '' develop its club 's pyramid ( Сергій Вишневський : `` Вілія '' хоче на прикладі знаменитого `` Аякса '' вибудувати свою клубну піраміду '' ) '' . Footboom . 30 April 2018
Ikva Mlyniv , FC
Football clubs in Rivne Oblast
Yenice , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The 2021 Judo Grand Slam Antalya was held in Antalya , Turkey , from 1–3 April 2021 .
Medal summary
Medal table
Host nation
Men 's events
Source :
Women 's events
Source :
Event videos
The event will air freely on the IJF YouTube channel .
References
External links
Results
2021 IJF World Tour
2021 Judo Grand Slam
Judo
Judo
Judo
The ringed woodpecker ( Celeus torquatus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae that contains the woodpeckers , piculets , and wrynecks . It is found in northern Brazil , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname , and western Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps .
Taxonomy
The ringed woodpecker was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon in 1780 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne , French Guiana . The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle , which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon 's text . Neither the plate caption nor Buffon 's description included a scientific name , but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Picus torquatus in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées . The ringed woodpecker is now placed in the genus Celeus that was introduced by the German zoologist Friedrich Boie in 1831 . The generic name is from the Ancient Greek word keleos for a `` green woodpecker '' . The specific epithet torquatus is the Latin for `` collared '' .
Three subspecies are recognised :
C. t. torquatus ( Boddaert , 1783 ) – eastern Venezuela , the Guianas and northeastern Brazil
C. t. occidentalis ( Hargitt , 1889 ) – southeastern Colombia , Amazonian Brazil and northern Bolivia
C. t. tinnunculus ( Wagler , 1829 ) – eastern Brazil
The online edition of the Handbook of the Birds of the World has split the ringed woodpecker and created the Amazonian black-breasted woodpecker ( Celeus occidentalis ) and the Atlantic black-breasted woodpecker ( Celeus tinnunculus ) . Neither split was supported by the results of molecular genetic studies .
Description
The adult ringed woodpecker has a length of about . The head is crowned by a brown , shaggy tuft . The male has bright red cheeks , which the female lacks , but otherwise the sexes are similar . The head , neck and throat are cinnamon-brown and the upper parts of the body and wings are chestnut brown , variously streaked or barred with black . Both the tail and the upper breast are black , while the lower breast and belly are barred in black and white , or are cinnamon , depending on subspecies . The eye is chestnut brown , the beak grey or yellowish and the legs grey .
References
External links
Ringed woodpecker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Ringed woodpecker photo gallery VIREO
Photo-Medium Res ; Article borderland-tours
Photo ; Article birding-in-Peru
Photo ; Article planktonik
ringed woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
ringed woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Starmer is a surname . Notable people by that name include :
Aaron Starmer ( born 1976 ) , American author
Clement Starmer ( 1895–1978 ) , English cricketer
Keir Starmer ( born 1962 ) , British barrister and Member of Parliament , Leader of the UK Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition since 2020
Nigel Starmer-Smith ( born 1944 ) , English rugby union player , journalist and commentator
Walter Percival Starmer , ( 1877-1961 ) , artist
William Austin Starmer , sheet music cover artist
William T. Starmer , American geneticist and Professor
See also
Starner ( surname )
The Last Day of School Before Christmas ( ) is a 1975 drama film written and directed by Gian Vittorio Baldi . It was screened at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival in the Directors ' Fortnight section .
Plot
Cast
Macha Méril as Egle
Lino Capolicchio as Erasmo
John Steiner as The Lieutenant
Luca Bonicalzi as Athos
Delia Boccardo as Germana
Riccardo Cucciolla as Ambro
Lidia Biondi as Prostitute
Laura Betti as Passenger
Giovanella Grifeo as Girl of Remembrance
Lou Castel as Partisan
References
External links
1970s Christmas drama films
Italian Christmas drama films
1975 drama films
1975 films
1970s Italian films
Nancy González may refer to :
Nancy González ( model ) , Miss Venezuela 1965
Nancy González ( politician ) , Argentine politician
The Administrative Department of Sport , Recreation , Physical Activity and the Use of Free Time , Coldeportes is the national government department of sports in and for Colombia ; it is charged with fomenting , planning and organizing the activities of sport and physical education .
References
Government agencies established in 2011
Administrative departments of Colombia
Sport in Colombia
Sports governing bodies in Colombia
Little Sodbury is an English village in South Gloucestershire , located between Chipping Sodbury , to the West , Old Sodbury to the South , Badminton , and the A46 road to the East and Horton and Hawkesbury Upton , to the north .
The `` manor of Sodbury '' comprises the nearby Chipping Sodbury and Old Sodbury : it is distinct from that of Little Sodbury .
St Adeline 's Church was built in 1859 by William James .
The 15th century , Little Sodbury Manor was the home of Sir John Walsh who employed William Tyndale as chaplain and tutor to his grandchildren in 1522–3 ; by tradition he began his translation of the Bible in his bedroom here . The manor retains the porch and Great Hall , with a timber roof resting on corbels carved as shield-bearing angels , of the fifteenth-century courtyard house . The house fell into disrepair in the nineteenth century , but was restored by architect Sir Harold Brakspear for Lord Grosvenor and later Baron de Tuyll .
Little Sodbury 's Iron Age hill fort reshaped by the Romans is accessible from the village via the Cotswold Way at . There is a Royal Observer Corps post at . Little Sodbury is one of three Thankful Villages in Gloucestershire – those rare places that suffered no fatalities during the Great War of 1914 to 1918 .
References
David Verey , Gloucestershire : the Cotswolds , The Buildings of England edited by Nikolaus Pevsner , 2nd ed . ( 1979 ) , pp . 303–304
Anthony Emery , `` Greater Medieval Houses of England and Wales , 1300-1500 : Southern England '' , Cambridge University Press , 2006 , , p. 115
External links
Sodbury Players - local amateur dramatics group in the Yate and Chipping Sodbury Area
GENUKI - Little Sodbury
The Modern Antiquarian : Little Sodbury Hillfort
Villages in South Gloucestershire District
Hill forts in Gloucestershire
Civil parishes in Gloucestershire
Brendan O'Reilly ( born 24 June 1987 ) is an Australian professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Welterweight . A professional competitor since 2009 , O'Reilly was also a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter Nations : Canada vs. Australia and competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Born in Melbourne , and raised in Queensland , O'Reilly has a Bachelor of Applied Science degree from the University of Queensland , and also studied strength and conditioning at the RMIT School of Applied Sciences . He began training in martial arts in 2008 and made his professional debut in mixed martial arts in 2009 .
Competing primarily for regional promotions in Australia , he compiled a record of 5 – 0 ( 1 ) before fighting internationally in Japan 's ‘ RINGS FIGHTING NETWORK ' , before auditioning for TUF : Nations in 2013 .
The Ultimate Fighter
On 5 December 2013 , it was announced that O'Reilly had been selected as one of the welterweight fighters representing Australia for The Ultimate Fighter Nations : Canada vs. Australia . The reality show was led by Patrick Côté and Kyle Noke and premiered in early 2014 .
In his first fight , O'Reilly was defeated by fellow cast member Kajan Johnson via submission and subsequently eliminated from the show .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
O'Reilly faced Zhang Lipeng in a lightweight bout on 23 August 2014 at UFC Fight Night 48 . Zhang defeated O'Reilly via unanimous decision .
O'Reilly faced Vik Grujic in a welterweight bout on 10 May 2015 at UFC Fight Night 65 . He won the back and forth fight via unanimous decision .
O'Reilly was expected to face William Macario on 15 November 2015 at UFC 193 . However , Macario pulled out of the bout in late September citing injury and was replaced by James Moontasri . Subsequently , O'Reilly pulled out of the fight in the week leading up to the event citing injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Anton Zafir .
O'Reilly faced Alan Jouban on 20 March 2016 at UFC Fight Night 85 . O'Reilly lost the fight via TKO in the first round .
O'Reilly next faced Dong Hyun Ma in a lightweight bout on 3 December 2016 at The Ultimate Fighter 24 Finale . He lost the fight via unanimous decision .
On February 17 , 2017 it was announced that O'Reilly had been released from the UFC following back to back losses in the promotion .
Personal Life
O'Reilly is married and resides in Texas , USA , where he works as a farrier and owns a custom saddle company , O'Reilly Colt & Saddle Co . He is still actively involved in coaching Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts .
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|6–3 ( 1 )
|Dong Hyun Ma
|Decision ( unanimous )
|The Ultimate Fighter : Tournament of Champions Finale
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|6–2 ( 1 )
|Alan Jouban
|TKO ( elbows and punches )
|UFC Fight Night : Hunt vs. Mir
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:15
|Brisbane , Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–1 ( 1 )
|Vik Grujic
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Miocic vs. Hunt
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Adelaide , Australia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–1 ( 1 )
|Zhang Lipeng
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Bisping vs . Le
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
| Macau , SAR , China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0 ( 1 )
|Mike Aarts
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|Fury MMA 5
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:57
|Caloundra , Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0 ( 1 )
|Sam Gascoigne
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Fury MMA 4
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Caloundra , Australia
|
|-
| NC
|align=center|3–0 ( 1 )
|Kei Takahashi
| NC ( accidental head-butt )
|Rings – Reincarnation
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:51
|Tokyo , Japan
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Sam Bastin
|TKO ( punches )
|Fury MMA 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Caloundra , Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Juarne Dowling
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Rize 2
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:39
|Mansfield , Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Sean Attig
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|FWC 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:07
|Nerang , Australia
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Australian male mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Australian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Australian people of Irish descent
University of Queensland alumni
RMIT University alumni
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Elvia Ardalani or Elvia García Ardalani ( born June 4 , 1963 , in Heroica Matamoros Tamaulipas , Mexico ) , is a Mexican writer , poet , and storyteller . She is an assistant professor in the Department of Modern languages and Literatures at the University of Texas–Pan American , where she teaches creative writing and Spanish literature .
Literary work
Her first book , published in 1989 , was titled Por recuerdos viejos , por esos recuerdos ( For Memories of Old , for Those Memories ) . The book was nominated for the José Fuentes Mares Prize for Literature .
Her second book , De cruz y media luna , was published by Tierra de Libros in 1996 . The poetry in this collection approaches love as a theme through the lens of transculturation : the Christian world and the Muslim world ; the Hispanic world and the Persian world . The poems of this collection also visit the theme of maternity within the context of eroticism , sensuality , and plenitude . The poetic voice lays out a cartographic map of miscegenation for the child . This collection underwent a second edition and resulted in a bilingual edition , published by Claves Latinoamericanas in 2006 , with the title : De cruz y media luna/From Cross and Crescent Moon . The second edition contains some changes in relation to the first edition .
Her third book , Y comerás del pan sentado junto al fuego ( And You Shall Eat from the Bread While Seated by the Fire ) , was published by Claves Latinoamericans in 2002 and is one of the most significant within her literary works . The poems in this collection revisit the theme of love , although , this time , it appears to be within a semi-biblical context . Critical studies of the work of Ardalani revolve , generally , on the process of transculturation , as well as on the analysis of the referential language in her poetry .
Her fourth book , Miércoles de ceniza ( Ash Wednesday ) , was published by Editorial Miguel Ángel Porrúa in 2007 . According to the preface : It is a long poem of 622 verses , a profound lament which gives way to pain . It may be said that it is inspired by the Bible given its length and we are sent in this direction by the theme of the work , which is defined as : the profound pain that the author feels at the sudden death of her father . Feelings and emotions overflow before the figure of the dead father translated into four secondary themes : reproach ; reminiscence and ponderance ; absence and delineation of the spiritual figure of the father , expressed in various stanzas , which tell of shock that the soul feels for the loss of a loved one . In 2008 , it was nominated for the Carlos Pellicer Iberoamerican Prize in Poetry ( `` Premio Iberoamericano de Poesía Carlos Pellicer , para obra publicada '' ) for published works .
She also contributes in digital means , like the literary journal El Collar de la Paloma ( The Neckring of the Dove ) , of which she is the editor .
Her work has been published in various journals and anthologies .
Awards
2010 University of Texas System Regents ' Outstanding Teaching Award
Further reading
Ardalani , Elvia . `` El agua frente al muro : reflexiones sobre mujer , literatura y frontera '' . Enhebrando palabras al hilo de la escritura . Ed . Celia Vázquez García . Vigo [ España ] : Editorial Academia del Hispanismo , 2007 . Pág . 29 .
-- - . `` Los esbozos psicológicos de Clarín en La Regenta '' . A Pilgrimage of Color : 2001 National Conference Literature Monograph Series . Houston : National Association of Hispanic and Latino Studies , 2001 . Págs . 185–204 .
References
Ardalani , Elvia . De cruz y media luna . Acassuso [ Argentina ] : Tierra de Libros , 1996 .
-- - . De cruz y media luna/From Cross and Crescent Moon . Bilingual edition . Trans . Francisco Macías Valdés . Illus . Ismael Aguilar Ruiz . Mexico City : Claves Latinoamericanas , 2006. ;
-- - . Miércoles de ceniza . Mexico City : Editorial Miguel Ángel Porrúa , 2007. ;
-- - . Por viejos recuerdos , por esos recuerdos . 1989
-- - . Y comerás del pan sentado junto al fuego . Mexico City : Claves Latinoamericanas , 2002 .
External links
Revista de literatura contemporánea : Sexto congreso de literatura mexicana contemporánea 2001 . `` El sujeto femenino y la poética del silencio en La muchacha que tenía la culpa de todo de Gustavo Sainz '' de The University of Texas at El Paso , Department of Languages and Linguistics
1963 births
Living people
Storytellers
Women storytellers
Mexican women poets
Writers from Tamaulipas
People from Matamoros , Tamaulipas
University of Texas–Pan American people
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Kuşcuören , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
Notable natives
Emrullah İşler ( born 1960 ) , academic for theology and Deputy Prime Minister ( 2013- )
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The VN750 , also known as the Vulcan 750 , is a 750 cc class cruiser-style motorcycle made by Kawasaki from 1985 to 2006 . The Vulcan 750 was Kawasaki 's first cruiser and first V-twin engine , introduced in late 1984 as the 1985 model .
Production history
Kawasaki introduced the 750 cc class Vulcan worldwide in 1985 . Due to tariff restrictions in the United States on bikes over 700 cc imported from Japan , the initial US spec model was limited to 699 cc and called the Kawasaki Vulcan 700 . The tariff was lifted in 1986 , and all bikes from then until the production run ended in 2006 were 749 cc . The US name was changed to Vulcan 750 to reflect this .
Overview
The VN750 remained largely unchanged throughout its 22-year production run with only minor adjustments to the components and varying paint schemes . The VN750 was unique in its class by featuring a more reliable shaft drive usually found on larger cruisers . The motorcycle also featured a liquid-cooled DOHC V-twin engine producing 66 horsepower and 47 ft-lbs of torque . Notably , the torque cruve is quite flat , producing high torque throughout most of the rpm range . And , the engine was underrated and commonly produced 8-10 % more than the advertised power during dynamometer testing . . The bike was configured to support an upright riding position with a king/queen seat and a factory installed sissy bar . The VN750 also featured adjustable air shocks front and rear , with Showa 4-way valving on the rear .
References
Vulcan 750
Cruiser motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 1985
William Safran ( born 1930 ) is Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of Colorado Boulder . It has been argued that Safran `` has contributed substantially to the body of knowledge regarding ethnic politics , nationalism , and related subjects , such as institutional and cultural pluralism , citizenship , immigration , diaspora , national identity , and the politics of language and religion '' . He is a specialist on France , and much of his research concerns French ethnic politics .
Safran was born in Dresden , Germany , to Romanian and Polish immigrant parents . In his youth under the Nazi regime in Germany , he spent a total of more than three years in a ghetto , forced-labour camp and concentration camp . After liberation , he spent four months in a United Nations displaced persons camp . He migrated to the United States in 1946 with the surviving members of his family . He subsequently gained a BA degree in history and an MA in international affairs from City College of New York , served for two years in the US army , and gained a PhD in public law and government from Columbia University , under the supervision of Otto Kirchheimer , in 1964 . He was appointed to the post of assistant professor at the University of Colorado Boulder in 1965 . He retired from a full professorship at the same institution in 2003 .
Safran was editor-in-chief of the journal Nationalism and Ethnic Politics from its founding in 1995 until 2010 . He has also served as a series editor for the Routledge series on nationalism and ethnicity , and has chaired the International Political Science Association 's Research Committee on Politics and Ethnicity and co-chaired its Research Committee on Language and Politics . He has held visiting professorships at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the universities of Nice , Grenoble , Bordeaux , and Santiago de Compostela .
Bibliography
Safran 's publications include the following books :
Veto-Group Politics : The Case of Health Insurance Reform in West Germany ( 1967 )
The French Polity ( seven editions , 1977-2008 )
Ideology and Politics : The Socialist Party of France ( 1979 )
Politics in Europe ( five editions , 1993-2011 )
He has also edited or co-edited several books , including :
Language , Ethnicity and the State ( 2005 )
Transnational Migrations : The Indian Diaspora ( 2009 )
References
External links
Homepage at the University of Colorado at Boulder
1930 births
Scholars of diaspora studies
Living people
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
Scientists from Dresden
Mick Spain ( 1932 - 5 February 2011 ) was an Irish hurler who played at senior level for the Offaly county team .
Born in Kilcormac , County Offaly , Spain first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Offaly minor team before later joining the junior side . He made his senior debut during the 1954 championship . Spain went on to play a key role for Offaly but enjoyed little success .
At club level Spain had a lengthy career with Kilcormac/Killoughey .
Throughout his career Spain made 8 championship appearances for Offaly . His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1963 championship .
In retirement from playing Spain became involved in refereeing at club and inter-county levels .
References
1932 births
2011 deaths
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final referees
ESB people
Hurling referees
Kilcormac-Killoughey hurlers
Offaly inter-county hurlers
Galsangiin Byambaa ( born 1 May 1938 ) is a Mongolian archer . He competed in the men 's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1938 births
Living people
Mongolian male archers
Olympic archers of Mongolia
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
{ { Infobox film
| name = Fisherman 's Wharf
| image = FishermansWharfPoster.jpg
| alt =
| caption = Theatrical poster for the film
| native_name =
| director = Bernard Vorhaus
| producer = Sol Lesser
| writer = Bernard SchubertIan McLellan HunterH . Clyde Lewis
| screenplay =
| story =
| based_on =
| starring = Bobby BreenLeo CarilloLee PatrickSlicker , `` the silly seal ''
| narrator =
| music = Victor Young
| cinematography = Charles SchoenbaumWilliam Dietz ( backgrounds )
| editing = Arthur Hilton
| studio = Bobby Breen ProductionsPrincipal Productions
| distributor = RKO Radio Pictures
| released = { { Film date|1939|1|25|Premiere-San Francisco|1939|2|3|US| ref1= |ref2= } }
| runtime = 72 minutes
| country = United States
| language = English
| budget =
| gross =
} } Fisherman 's Wharf is a 1939 American drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus from a screenplay by Bernard Schubert , Ian McLellan Hunter , and H. Clyde Lewis . The film stars Bobby Breen , Leo Carillo , Lee Patrick , and Slicker , `` the silly seal '' . Produced by Sol Lesser for RKO Radio Pictures , who also distributed the film , it was released on February 3 , 1939 .
Plot
Carlo Roma has a happy household with his son , Tony , despite being widowed . The two enjoy a very deep bond . Along with a pet seal , Julius , the father and son live with one of Carlo 's business partners , Beppo , and a housekeeper , Angelina . Beppo has been romantically interested in Angelina for decades and is constantly proposing to her , which she always declines . He runs a successful fishing fleet of three boats , one of which Beppo captains . His other two equal partners are Luigi and Pietro .
When Stella , Carlo 's widowed sister-in-law , moves in with her son Rudolph , the harmony of the home is disrupted . First , Stella banishes Julius from the house . Stella then drives both Beppo and Angelina from the house . After leaving , Angelina finally consents to Beppo and the two marry . Stella , not being satisfied with the money being made from Carlo 's fishing enterprise , convinces him to demote his three partners to simple employees . Disgruntled , the three leave to begin their own fishing business .
As a last straw , Rudolph has been extremely unkind to Tony . When Rudolph learns that Tony is not Carlo 's biological son , he cruelly tells him . The disheartened child runs away from home , taking Carlo 's fishing boat . Carlo finally understands what has been happening in his house , and orders Stella and Rudolph to leave . With the help of Beppo , the two track down Tony and the family is reunited .
Cast
Bobby Breen as Tony Roma
Leo Carillo as Carlo Roma
Henry Armetta as Beppo
Lee Patrick as Stella
Rosina Galli as Angelina
Tommy Bupp as Rudolph
George Humbert as Pietro
Leon Belasco as Luigi
Slicker , the seal as Julius
Dorr 's St. Luke 's Choristers
Production
An August 1938 news item let the public know that Breen was attached to the picture , which went on to state that production would begin on September 15 of that year . In October it was reported that Bernard Vorhaus would helm the film . And by late that month , Leo Carillo 's participation had been announced . Armetta was added to the cast in early November , while other cast members announced in November included Slicker the seal and Lee Patrick . The Reverend Neal Dodd , who performed hundreds of screen wedding ceremonies , would conduct his three hundredth in this film , overseeing the screen nuptials between Beppo and Angelina . In December it was announced that the St. Luke 's Episcopal Church Choristers , also known as Dorr 's St. Luke 's Choristers , would be appearing in the film . Fisherman 's Wharf premiered in San Francisco on January 25 , 1939 . In attendance were the three stars , Bobby Breen , Leo Carillo , and Henry Armetta , along with Sol Lesser . The film opened nationwide on February 3 , 1939 . The National Legion of Decency rated the film a class A-1 , making it suitable for all audiences .
ReceptionHarrison 's Reports called the picture a `` pleasant mixture of comedy and drama , with deep human appeal . '' They felt it was one of Breen 's best performances to date , and lauded both Carillo and Armetto for excellent performances . They also enjoyed Galli 's musical performance in the film , as well as the contributions of the trained seal , Slicker . The Film Daily described it as a fine sentimental comedy , which had all `` the ingredients of a sentimental tear jerker , but ... '' the producer decided to emphasize the comedic aspect instead , which they felt was a good move . They complimented both the cast and the direction . Motion Picture Daily '' , in their review of the film , lauded the acting skills of Carillo , Armetta , and Breen , and called the song , `` Songs of Italy '' , with words and music by Frank Churchill and Paul F. Webster , `` outstanding . '' Overall , they felt the film was a `` charming picture of a father and son 's mutual devotion . ''
References
American drama films
1939 drama films
1939 films
Films directed by Bernard Vorhaus
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
The following is a list of motorcycles , scooters and mopeds produced by Honda .
List by engine size
Mopeds and light motorcycles
A-Type
AirBlade
Ape series
Chaly
Cub series
Cub F
CT50 Motra
CY50
Express
Grom
MB/T/X series two-stroke models
MB50/MB5
MR50
MT50/MT5
P50/P25
PA50 ( Hobbit/Camino )
PC50/PS50
SFX50
SH50
SL70
ST series ( Dax )
Wave series
Z series Monkey models
ZB50
Motorcycle models
Bros/HawkGT ( NT650 )
CB series
CBF series
CBR series
CJ series
CLR series
CM series
CR series
CRF series
CT series
CX series
Dax
Fury
GL series
NT series
ST series
Valkyrie
VF/VFR series
VT series
VTX series
XR/XL series ( dirt and dual-sport bikes )
Off-road models
CRF150F
CRF250X
CRF450X
CRF450RX
CRF230F
MR250
TR200
XR80
XR100
XR250R
XR350R
XR600R
XR650R
Dual-purpose models
CRF150L
CRF230L
CRF250L/CRF300L
CRF1000L Africa Twin
CRF1100L Africa Twin
MT125
MT250
NX250
NX650 Dominator
SL90
TLR200
Transalp
XL70
XL75
XL80
XL100
XL125
XL125V Varadero
XL175
XL250
XL350
XL500
XR650L
XRE300
XRV650 Africa Twin
XRV750T Africa Twin
Motocross models
CR80R
CR85R Expert
CR125R
CR250R
CR500R
CRF110R
CRF150R
CRF250R
CRF450R
Scooters
Activa
Aviator
Beat ( FC50 )
Big Ruckus
Biz
CN250 ( Helix/Fusion/Spazio )
Honda Dio
Elite
Express , Express SR
Grazia
Joker
Juno
Metropolitan/Jazz/Scoopy/Crea Scoopy
Metropolitan II
Motocompo
NH series
Eve/Spree/Nifty 50 ( NQ50 )
Reflex , Reflex ABS ( NSS300 Forza in Europe and Canada )
PCX 125 and 150
Pop 100 and 110i
Silver Wing , Silver Wing ABS
SFX50
SH150i
Sparta
Vision/Spacy
Zoomer/Ruckus
Racing ( HRC ) models
CR93
MT125R
NR500
NSR500
NSR500V
RC211V
RC212V
RC213V
RCV1000R
RS125
RS125R
RS250R
All Terrain Vehicles
1987 Honda ATC50 ( prototype )
1973-1974 , 1978-1985 Honda ATC70 ; first mini ATV
1970-1978 Honda ATC90 ( was US90 from 1970-1973 )
1979-1985 Honda ATC110
1984-1987 Honda ATC125M
Honda ATC125R ( prototype )
1980 Honda ATC185
1981-1983 Honda ATC185S
1981-1987 Honda ATC200 series
1981-1983 Honda ATC200
1983-1984 Honda ATC200E Big Red
1984 Honda ATC200ES Big Red
1984-1985 Honda ATC200M
1984-1986 Honda ATC200S
1983-1987 Honda ATC200X
1985 Honda ATC200R ( prototype )
1985-1987 Honda ATC250ES
1981-1986 Honda ATC250R ; first high-performance ATV
1985-1987 Honda ATC250SX
Honda ATC300R ( prototype )
Honda ATC350R ( prototype )
1985-1986 Honda ATC350X
1987 Honda ATC500R ( prototype )
1977-1988 Honda Odyssey 250 and 350
1989-1990 Honda Pilot 400
1990 Honda Duet ( prototype )
1986-1987 Honda Fourtrax 70
1993-present Honda TRX90X
1985-1988 Honda Fourtrax 125
1984 Honda Fourtrax 200 ( Honda 's first four-wheel ATV )
1990-1991 Honda Fourtrax 200 `` Trunkmobile ''
1991-1997 Honda Fourtrax 200 Type II
1986-1988 Honda Fourtrax 200SX
1997-present Honda Recon 250
1985-1987 Honda Fourtrax 250
1986-1989 Honda Fourtrax 250R
1987-1988 , 1991-1992 Honda Fourtrax 250X
2006-present Honda Sportrax 250EX/250X
1988-2000 Honda Fourtrax 300
1993-1999 Honda Fourtrax 300EX
1986-1989 Honda Fourtrax 350/Foreman 350 ( Honda 's first four-wheel-drive ATV )
2000-2015 Honda Rancher 350
1999-2016 Honda Fourtrax 400EX/400X
1995-2004 Honda Foreman 400
2016-present Honda Rancher 420
1998-2004 Honda Foreman 450S/450ES
2004-2014 Honda TRX450R
2005-2019 Honda Foreman 500/Foreman Rubicon 500
2020-present Honda Foreman 520/Foreman Rubicon 520
2003-2005 Honda Rincon 650
2006-present Honda Rincon 680
2008-2009 Honda TRX 700XX
Side-by-Sides ( SXS )
2008-2013 Honda Big Red 700 , Honda 's first Side-by-Side
2015-present Honda Pioneer 500
2021-present Honda Pioneer 520
2013-present Honda Pioneer 700
2016-present Honda Pioneer 1000
2019-present Honda Talon 1000R
2019-present Honda Talon 1000X
Prototypes
1948 B-Type
1995 EXP-2
2007 EVO6
References
Lists of motorcycles by brand
Hydrogen motorcycles
Zak Richard Starkey ( born 13 September 1965 ) is an English rock drummer who has performed and recorded with English rock band the Who since 1996 . He is also the third drummer to have appeared with English rock band Oasis . In 2020 , Starkey toured Brazil with U-Roy as guitarist . Other musicians and bands he has worked with include Johnny Marr , Paul Weller , the Icicle Works , the Waterboys , Bobby Womack , ASAP , the Lightning Seeds , John Entwistle , Sly & Robbie , Toots & The Maytals , Mykal Rose , Freddie McGregor , Big Youth , Jesse Royal , Tanya Stevens , Cecile and Sshh Liguz . Starkey is a son of the Beatles ' drummer Ringo Starr .
Early life
Zak Richard Starkey was born on 13 September 1965 , at Queen Charlotte 's and Chelsea Hospital in Hammersmith , London , to the Beatles ' drummer Ringo Starr ( Richard Starkey ) and Maureen Starkey , Starr 's first wife . He grew up at Sunny Heights at St George 's Hill in Surrey and Tittenhurst Park at Sunninghill , Berkshire , and attended Highgate School in London until 1981 .
At the age of eight , Starkey was given a drum kit by the Who 's drummer , Keith Moon . Moon ( known to young Zak as `` Uncle Keith '' ) was one of his father 's closest friends and Starkey 's godfather . Although they never sat together at a drum kit , Moon discussed drumming with him as a boy . The drum kit was later sold at Sotheby 's for £12,000 .
Starkey subsequently began teaching himself to play the drums . His father gave him only one lesson , but he discouraged his growing interest because of the desire not to see him in the same business . Although Starr has praised his son 's abilities , he had always regarded him as a future lawyer or doctor . Starr 's close friend , Kenney Jones , drummer for the Faces and Moon 's replacement in the Who , stated that he `` virtually taught '' the young Starkey to play drums . By the age of twelve , Starkey was performing in pubs as a member of the garage band The Next . After Moon 's death , Jones gifted the teenage Starkey a white drum kit formerly owned by Moon , which had been kept in storage by the Who .
Career
Spencer Davis , Eddie Hardin , John Entwistle and the Icicle Works
In the early 1980s , Starkey appeared with a re-formed Spencer Davis Group . His daughter Tatia was born on 7 September 1985 . He briefly joined The Semantics , replacing founding drummer Jody Spence , during the recording process for their album Powerbill , which ended up being unreleased except in Japan . He joined the band when they moved from Nashville to Los Angeles , and played in some shows and some recording sessions , but the band broke up less than a year after he joined .
In 1985 he played on John Entwistle 's solo album The Rock ( released in 1996 ) . Starkey replaced Chris Sharrock as the drummer in the Icicle Works in 1989 , leaving the band the next year without appearing on any recordings with them . A B-side later issued by founder member Ian McNabb , featured him on drums and is presumed to date from his tenure with the group . Starkey also played on the 1989 album Silver and Gold , a solo work released by Iron Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith .
Ringo Starr and the All-Starr Band
In 1985 , he joined his father on Sun City by Artists United Against Apartheid and during 1992 and 1995 , Starkey toured with Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band , having previously guested on the band 's 1989 tour . Starkey performed at Ringo Starr 's 70th birthday party on 7 July 2010 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City . He joined his father and guest stars Yoko Ono , Nils Lofgren , Steven Van Zandt and Jeff Lynne for `` With a Little Help from My Friends '' and `` Give Peace a Chance '' .
The Who 1996–present
In 1994 , he joined John Entwistle and Roger Daltrey of the Who on a tour entitled `` Daltrey Sings Townshend '' , which had developed from a two-night performance at Carnegie Hall to celebrate Daltrey 's fiftieth birthday . In 1996 , Starkey left his band Face , to work with the Who on their Quadrophenia tour . He received good reviews in this role and was praised by the music press for his strong drumming presence , without trying to emulate the band 's original drummer Keith Moon . Both Townshend and Daltrey stated that Starkey was the best match for the band since the death of Keith Moon .
On 20 October 2001 , he performed with the Who at the Concert for New York City at Madison Square Garden . This was heralded as the Who 's `` comeback '' performance and they stole the show . Rolling Stone called their performance `` one of the 50 moments that changed rock and roll '' . It was also one of John Entwistle 's final appearances with the band .
On 7 February 2010 , Starkey appeared with the Who during the half-time show of Super Bowl XLIV at the Sun Life Stadium , Miami , Florida .
Starkey was not available to record for most of the Who 's 2006 album Endless Wire , as he had been on the road with Oasis and only had time to play on one track . However , he did join the Who for The Who Tour 2006-2007 in support of the album , during which they headlined at Glastonbury Festival in 2007 . The tour finished at the Hartwall Areena in Helsinki , Finland on 9 July 2007 . Pete Townshend 's official website stated that Starkey was afterwards invited to become a full member of the Who , stating : `` Some of you may have noticed in one of my recent diary postings that I welcomed Zak into the Who as a permanent member . This is something he does n't feel he needs or wants . Let 's just say that the door is always open to this amazing musician and whenever we can , we will always try to make it possible for Zak to work with the Who in the future . '' On 12 July 2008 , Starkey played drums for the Who at the 3rd annual VH1 Rock Honors , which celebrated the band 's long career .
On 30 March 2010 , he played with the band during their performance of Quadrophenia at the Royal Albert Hall in aid of the Teenage Cancer Trust .
On 12 August 2012 , he played with the Who at the finale of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony and later that year , on 12 December , he joined them at 12-12-12 : The Concert for Sandy Relief . Starkey also joined the Who on their 2012–13 Quadrophenia and More tour , but he had to back out in February 2013 when he developed tendonitis but he re-joined the Who in September 2014 for their Who Hits 50 tour of UK and Europe and North America . in July 2015 and other shows during this year as part of The Who Hits 50 ! tour , which had started in 2014 . This tour went on to include the Who at Desert Trip concert at Coachella Festival in California on 28 June 2015 . Starkey also appeared with the Who when they performed as the headline act at the Glastonbury Festival . During this time , Starkey also played shows with Mick Jones of The Clash and formed The Silver Machine with Bobby Gillespie , Andrew Innes , Glen Matlock and Little Barrie .
In September 2016 , Starkey was interviewed by Rolling Stone about the new covers album he was working on with Sharna Liguz , compiled with songs that had influenced them . They recorded these with the original members from each of the relevant bands . Funding for album 's ten tracks was raised by a crowdfunding campaign through the Pledgemusic site . Under the name SSHH , Starkey and Liguz also recorded other tracks .
1996–2003 Johnny Marr & The Healers
In 2000 , Starkey was a founding member of Johnny Marr & The Healers , although their first album , Boomslang , would not be released for another three years after which the band did a world tour in 2003 . On 14 April 2001 , he featured in both of the backing bands for the `` Steve Marriott Tribute Concert '' , in which he appeared along with Rick Wills , Rabbit Bundrick , Bobby Tench , Noel Gallagher and Paul Weller .
Oasis 2004–2009
During 2004 , Starkey joined the Britpop band Oasis and was also featured on two tracks included on the Who 's biographic album , The Who : Then and Now . In May 2005 , Noel Gallagher revealed to the BBC that Starkey had participated in the recording sessions for Do n't Believe the Truth . Starkey had recorded all but one track of these sessions which were originally called `` Mucky Fingers '' and were also for an official promotional video for the album . After the completion of these sessions Starkey stated : `` It was amazing . They 're all singers , they 're all guitar players , they 're all songwriters , they 're all producers and they 're all drummers . ''
He travelled as a sideman on the year-long Oasis tour that followed and appeared in promotional videos for the associated singles . Despite this , he was not an official member of the band and rarely appeared with them in promotions . In April 2005 , Noel Gallagher confirmed that he had been invited to be their official drummer and added that this could not materialize before his current working engagements with the Who were completed in mid-2007 . Their former drummer also had to be `` paid out '' contractually out of the band . On 14 February 2007 , Starkey appeared with Oasis when they received the BRIT Award for outstanding contribution to music .
His participation in the making of the Oasis album , Dig Out Your Soul , was confirmed on 11 December 2007 , when the official Oasis website published a picture of him with the other band members . However , it was announced that he would not perform on the Dig Out Your Soul Tour after falling out with Noel Gallagher subsequently departing in 2008 and was replaced by Chris Sharrock . A year later he recalled that playing with them was `` massive '' and called the band `` some of the smartest musicians I 've ever met '' .
Penguins Rising
In 2008 , Starkey formed the band Penguins Rising which had previously been called Penguin , along with his partner Sharna Liguz . The band 's original line up also included his daughter Tatia . Penguins Rising went on to support Kasabian and Beady Eye on their respective tours . They released an album under the moniker of Pengu ! ns , entitled Hatemale , in 2011 . Sshh signed to BMG as a solo artist in 2018 , and the duo toured Australia opening for Primal Scream and then Liam Gallagher in support of the Sshh single `` Rising Tide '' .
Jamaica and reggae albums 2016–present
Starkey went onto build a studio in Ocho Rios and formed the in-house recording group with Sshh Liguz , Sly & Robbie , Tony Chin , Cyril Neville and Robbie Lyn . In 2016 , he launched the record label Trojan Jamaica based on the island , co-funded by BMG Rights Management . The Trojan name was licensed for use from the Trojan Records label . The label was formed with a mandate to reflect music from Jamaica along with soul and blues from America . Recording on Trojan Jamaica and with the roles of co-producer and guitarist he is credited on the albums 'Red Gold Green & Blue ' , 'Red Gold Green & Blue RMXZ ' both released in 2019 . In 2020 , RGGB RMXZ was released , while Got To Be Tough by Toots & The Maytals followed the same year . This won a Grammy for Best Reggae Album that year . Additionally , the album Solid Gold was released by U-Roy , featuring Ziggy Marley , Santigold , Shaggy , Big Youth , Mick Jones of the Clash ( Starkey has previously gigged with Jones ) , Richie Spice , Tarrus Riley , Jesse Royal , and Rygin King . At this time , Starkey and his partner 's band Shhh appeared at the invitation of the Peter Tosh Museum in Kingston , Jamaica , performing their version of Get Up , Stand Up ( featuring Soul Syndicate and Eddie Vedder ) .
Associated acts
The Icicle Works ( 1988 )
Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band ( 1992–1995 )
The Semantics ( 1993–1996 )
The Who ( 1996–present )
John Entwistle ( 1986–1997 )
The Lightning Seeds ( 1997–2000 )
Johnny Marr and the Healers ( 2000–2003 )
Oasis ( 2004–2008 )
u-Roy
Big Youth
Sly & Robbie
Toots and The Maytals
mykal Rose
Freddie MacGregor
Jesse Royal
Rygin King
Silver Machine
Discography
Artists United Against Apartheid Sun City ( 1985 )
Roger Daltrey Under a Raging Moon ( 1985 )
John Entwistle – The Rock ( 1985 )
Paul Weller and Graham Coxon
ASAP Silver and Gold ( 1989 )
Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band ( 1990 )
Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band Volume 2 : Live from Montreux ( 1993 )
Tony Martin Back Where I Belong ( 1992 )
Moody Marsden band Never Turn our back on the Blues ( 1992 )
Robert Hart ( 1992 )
Eikichi Yazawa Anytime Woman ( 1992 )
The Semantics Powerbill ( 1996 )
John Entwistle The Rock ( 1996 )
Simon Townshend Among Us ( 1996 )
Ringo Starr and His Third All-Starr Band Volume 1 ( 1996 )
Eddie Hardin Wizard 's Convention , Vol . 2 ( 1997 )
The Lightning Seeds – Like You Do ( 1997 )
The Lightning Seeds Tilt ( 1999 )
Sasha Surfin ' on a Backbeat ( 2001 )
Johnny Marr and the Healers Boomslang ( 2003 )
The Who Then and Now ( 2004 )
Oasis Do n't Believe the Truth ( 2005 )
The Who Endless Wire ( 2006 )
Broken English The Rough with the Smooth ( 2007 )
Oasis Dig Out Your Soul ( 2008 )
The Who Who ( 2019 )
Toots and the Maytals Got to Be Tough ( 2020 )
U-Roy – Solid Gold ( 2021 )
various – Red Gold Green & Blue ( 2019 )
Peter Green Tribute ( 2021 )
Various – RGGB RMXZ ( 2019 )
SSHH – Issues ( 2016 )
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
ASAP ( band ) members
English rock drummers
Oasis ( band ) members
People educated at Highgate School
People from Chipping Barnet
People from Finchley
People from Hammersmith
People from Sunninghill
People from Weybridge
Ringo Starr family
Ringo Starr
The Best ( band ) members
The Icicle Works members
The Lightning Seeds members
The Who members
Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band members
Michael Sarver ( born March 28 , 1981 ) is an American singer from Jasper , Texas , who was the tenth place finalist on the eighth season of American Idol .
Early life
Sarver was born in Sulphur , Louisiana , and graduated from Sulphur High School . He has two children , McKenna and Grayson . He has written over 1100 songs for himself and others since the age of 14 , and has also been singing since he was an adolescent . Prior to American Idol , Sarver worked as a roughneck on an oil rig .
American Idol
Overview
Sarver auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in Phoenix , Arizona . During the first semi-finals week , he was able to garner enough votes to allow him to continue , beating fellow contestant Anoop Desai for the third spot by just over 20,000 votes . He was eliminated on March 26 , 2009 , after the panel of judges is unable to unanimously agree to save him . As Sarver was in the top 10 , he was able to perform on the American Idols LIVE ! Tour 2009 .
Performances/Results
When Ryan Seacrest announced the results in the particular night , Sarver was in the bottom three , but declared safe second when Alexis Grace was eliminated .
Post-Idol
Sarver signed with Dream Records/Universal Music Group in December 2009 . That same month , he joined `` Idol '' alums Gina Glocksen , David Hernandez and Alexis Grace on the American Stars In Concert Tour . He released a self-titled debut album in July 2010 , and three songs - `` You Are '' , `` Cinderella Girl '' , and `` Ferris Wheel '' - were released as singles . His Myspace page later revealed he signed to Dream Records/Fontana Distribution . He has also become the official spokesperson for Credit Power Educational Foundation , Inc . In June 2010 , Sarver launched a web site http : //michaelsarver.com . In 2012 , Sarver left Dream Records due to the inability of the label to fulfill their contractual obligations .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Michael Sarver
Michael Sarver on MySpace
Michael Sarver on Twitter
Michael Sarver on American Idol
1981 births
21st-century American singers
Living people
Singers from Texas
Singers from Louisiana
American Idol participants
American multi-instrumentalists
American country singers
People from Jasper , Texas
21st-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Louisiana
Guitarists from Texas
21st-century American drummers
American male pianists
American male guitarists
Country musicians from Texas
Country musicians from Louisiana
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male singers
The women 's discus throw event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 11 September 1979 .
Results
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Centerfield is a hamlet in Ontario County , New York , United States , located in the Town of Canandaigua . It is between the City of Canandaigua and the Town of Bloomfield .
The community is located on conjoined US Route 20 and New York State Route 5 ( known locally as Routes 5 and 20 ) west of the City of Canandaigua .
References
Hamlets in New York ( state )
Hamlets in Ontario County , New York
Bothragonus is a genus of poachers native to the Pacific Ocean .
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus :
Bothragonus occidentalis Lindberg , 1935
Bothragonus swanii ( Steindachner , 1876 ) ( Rockhead )
References
Agonidae
Adrian Gheorghe Iordache ( born 12 September 1980 ) is a Romanian former football player . He played as a defender . His former teams include : AEL Limassol , Dinamo București , Poiana Câmpina , Oțelul Galați , Shinnik Yaroslavl , Argeș Pitești , Alki Larnaca and Rapid București , among others .
Honours
Club
Dinamo București
Divizia A : 1999–00 , 2003–2004
Cupa României : 2003–04 , 2004–05
AEL Limassol
Cypriot Cup runner-up : 2008–09
Khazar Lankaran
Azerbaijan Cup : 2010–11
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pitești
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Dinamo București players
FCM Câmpina players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
FC Argeș Pitești players
FC Rapid București players
CS Mioveni players
ACF Gloria Bistrița players
Russian Premier League players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
Cypriot First Division players
Alki Larnaca FC players
AEL Limassol players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Khazar Lankaran FK players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Hugo Arndt Rodolf , Baron van Lawick ( 10 April 1937 – 2 June 2002 ) was a Dutch wildlife filmmaker and photographer .
Through his still photographs and films , Van Lawick helped popularize the study of chimpanzees during his wife Jane Goodall 's studies at Gombe Stream National Park during the 1960s and 1970s . His films drew the attention of the viewing public to the dramatic life cycles of several wild animals of the Serengeti , such as wild dogs , elephants , and lions .
Early life
He was born in Surabaya , Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) as the son of Baron Hugo Anne Victor Raoul van Lawick ( 11 August 1909 – 17 June 1941 ) and the former Isabella Sophia van Ittersum ( 11 February 1913 – 30 December 1977 ) . His father was a pilot with the Dutch fleet , and upon his death while in service the Baroness moved Hugo and his brother first to Australia , then to England , where they lived successively , in London , Hull , and Devon . In the latter , Hugo was enrolled in boarding school , where he remained after his mother and brother moved to the Netherlands shortly after the end of World War II . In 1947 , he joined them in Amersfoort .
Photographer
In November 1959 , Hugo went to Africa to pursue his passion of photographing and taking footage of wild animals , finding employment as a cameraman for a filmmaking couple . After a film he produced as the background to a lecture given by Louis Leakey was seen by a staff member at National Geographic , he was given a retainer for future work for the magazine .
On the recommendation of Leakey , in August 1962 he began photographing and filming chimpanzees of the Kasakela chimpanzee community at Gombe Stream National Park where Jane Goodall , Leakey 's protégée , had been researching chimpanzees since July 1960 . They married on 28 March 1964 in Chelsea Old Church , London and lived in Tanzania for many years , both at Gombe and elsewhere on other research projects . In 1967 they had a son Hugo Eric Louis , affectionately known as `` Grub '' . They were divorced in 1974 but remained friends . On 23 March 1978 , in Banjul , Gambia , Hugo married Theresa Rice . They were divorced 19 January 1984 .
Through Hugo 's film People of the Forest the world came to know members of Gombe 's `` F '' family , namely Flo , Fifi , and Flint , in addition to a number of their other immediate relations . By the time he stopped filming at Gombe , he had created a visual record spanning over twenty years and documenting the lives of three generations of chimpanzees . Hugo made a number of wildlife documentaries for television , but also made several films for theatrical release on 35 mm film , such as The Leopard Son ( 1996 ) and Serengeti Symphony , both produced by Nature Conservation Films WW . Besides making films himself , Hugo was an important influence and mentor to a younger generation of wildlife filmmakers . His tented camp , Ndutu , in the Serengeti , became through his guidance a breeding ground for new wildlife film-makers .
Death and honors
In 1998 , Hugo was forced to retire due to emphysema . He left Ndutu to live with his son , `` Grub '' in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , where he died at the age of 65 . On 7 June , during a ceremony attended by family , friends , staff and government officials , Hugo was buried at the place his tent had stood for over 30 years in his camp in the Serengeti .
Hugo van Lawick won eight Emmy awards for his films , and was appointed officer in the Order of the Golden Ark in 1992 by Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands , the co-founder of the WWF .
Publications
with Peter Matthiessen : Sand Rivers , Aurum Press , London 1981 , .
Savage Paradise – The Predators of Serengeti , Collins , St James Place , London 1977. .
References
Dale Peterson , ( 2006 ) Jane Goodall : The Woman Who Redefined Man , pgs . 299–301 .
External links
In Memory of Hugo van Lawick
TSC
Nature Conservation Films WW
1937 births
2002 deaths
Barons of the Netherlands
Dutch photographers
Nature photographers
Dutch documentary filmmakers
Emmy Award winners
Jane Goodall
People from Surabaya
20th-century Dutch zoologists
Burttdavya is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae . It was described by Hoyle in 1936 . The genus contains only one species , viz . Burttdavya nyasica , which is a tree found in Tanzania , Malawi , and Mozambique .
References
External links
Burttdavya in the World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Monotypic Rubiaceae genera
Naucleeae
The Wolves Amsterdam was a basketball club from Amsterdam which played from 1957 to 1968 in the Eredivisie . The club also came four seasons in the European competitions .
The club won its first Dutch championship basketball in 1957 . From then it won the league title four more times . The Wolves Amsterdam is one of the 22 basketball clubs that participated in first edition of FIBA European Champions Cup in 1958 .
Honours
Dutch League
Winners ( 5 ) : 1956-57 , 1959–60 , 1960–61 , 1963–64 , 1964–65
In Europe
Match table
Notable players
Ton Boot ( 1961–65 )
References
Defunct basketball teams in the Netherlands
Former Dutch Basketball League teams
Sports clubs in Amsterdam
Jalalabad Cantonment Public School and College is an educational institute in Sylhet , Bangladesh .
With regard to intellectual and intellectualization , the role of education in the form of society and nation is immense . Jalalabad Cantonment Public School and College In a very short time , the Sylhet division of Bangladesh has occupied a respectable and glorious position among the leading educational institutions in Bangladesh , in a very good arrangement , in the basic organizational arrangement , in the administrative strength and in education , culture and culture .
History
Established on 4 July 1999 , the institution is regulated by the Bangladesh Army and approved by the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Sylhet . It offers higher secondary subjects including science , commerce and arts programmes . The institute was awarded `` Best Institution '' on 18 January 2004 by the president of Bangladesh . Facilities include a 1,000-seat auditorium .
The principal is usually a lieutenant colonel of
the Bangladesh Army .
The prolocutor of the Governing Body is the station commander of Jalalabad Cantonment . The prolocutor is a brigadier general of the Bangladesh Army .
School with primary
The school section gives the opportunity of studying from class 1 to 10 . Students of class 9 & 10 can study science , business studies programmes . In classes 6-10 , an English version is available as well as Bangla . The school has received complaints about beating and harassing students . The school has recently received `` The best school in the district '' award .
College
The college section started in 1999 , initially with only a science program . Arts and Business Studies programmes were added later . The college uses different modern ways and mutimedia to conduct their classes .
Academics
Departments
Science
Commerce
Arts
See also
Adamjee Cantonment Public School & College
Rangpur Cantonment Public College
Chittagong Public School & College
Dawood Public School
References
External links
Official website
https : //web.archive.org/web/20080912231128/http : //www.bise-sylhet.gov.bd/
High schools in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 1999
Education in Sylhet
1999 establishments in Bangladesh
Educational Institutions affiliated with Bangladesh Army
Grzegorz Tomasiewicz ( born 5 May 1996 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Piast Gliwice .
Club career
He made his I liga debut for Arka Gdynia on 9 May 2015 in a game against Bytovia Bytów .
References
External links
1996 births
People from Jaworzno
Living people
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Legia Warsaw II players
Arka Gdynia players
MKP Pogoń Siedlce players
Stal Mielec players
Piast Gliwice players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
Association football midfielders
The Hexer or The Witcher ( Polish : Wiedźmin ) is a 2001 Polish fantasy film directed by Marek Brodzki and written by Michał Szczerbic . It stars Michał Żebrowski as Geralt of Rivia . The story is based on the books and stories of The Witcher written by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski .
The 13-episode television series came out the following year . The film has been described as essentially the then-unreleased television series condensed into a 2-hour film , and received very poor reviews from both fans and critics . The film was the first attempt to depict The Witcher universe in the cinema .
Premise
The television series and the film were loosely based on Andrzej Sapkowski 's The Witcher ( Wiedźmin ) book series .
Cast
Michał Żebrowski as Geralt of Rivia
Zbigniew Zamachowski as Dandelion
Maciej Kozłowski as Falwick
Tomasz Sapryk as Dermot Marranga
Kinga Ilgner as Renfri
Grażyna Wolszczak as Yennefer
Ewa Wiśniewska as Calanthe
Andrzej Chyra as Borch Three Jackdaws
Anna Dymna as Nenneke
Agata Buzek as Pavetta
Jarosław Boberek as Yarpen Zigrin
Dorota Kamińska as Eithne
Wojciech Duryasz as Old Witcher
Józef Para as Druid of Kaer Morhen
Daniel Olbrychski as Filavandrel
Production
The film had a budget of 19 million Polish zlotys , which was very high for contemporary Polish movies . Similarly , the film 's marketing campaign had several times the budget of other Polish films of that time , in an attempt to imitate Hollywood 's super-production . The film was aimed not just at science fiction and fantasy fans , but also at a general audience . To that end , its cast included many stars of Polish cinema , the music was composed by a well-known Polish composer , and the film was tied to a number of other promotional campaigns and related products inspired by the Witcher universe , such as toys and games , as well as the first official English translation of The Witcher .
The Hexer was the first film directed by Marek Brodzki . The final release was described as the third version of the film , rearranged and shortened . Some fans initially objected to the casting of several major roles . Their protests , reported in the press , led to a meeting between the producers and the cast and fans , which eventually appeased most of the protesters . Citing two major departures from his original script , screenwriter demanded that his name not appear in the closing credits .
Reception
The film received generally negative reviews after its release and since , with reviewers being generally positive in regard to actors and music , but critical of the plot and special effects .
Marcin Kamiński of Filmweb concluded that `` it is not a good movie '' , noting that the plot was chaotic , mixing various adventures and scenes from the book series in a mostly random manner . Kamiński speculated that the film was intended as a glorified trailer for the subsequent television series . The montage of the scenes was considered so bad that it was said to evoke laughter in the audience , and the special effects were described as low-quality and obsolete . Kamiński did note that the film 's saving grace was its actors , praising Michał Żebrowski , Zbigniew Zamachowski , Grażyna Wolszczak , and others .
Piotr Stasiak of gry-online praised the actors , scenography , costumes , and music , but criticized the fragmentary , incoherent plot , which was apparently due to the producers being unable to agree on the main plot and structure , and trying to summarize all of the key plot elements of the planned TV series episodes into one 2-hour movie .
Bartosz Kotarba of esensja criticized the plot , which `` tries to tell too much and ends up telling too little '' , and the special effects , noting that the plastic dragon used for special effects was so lackluster that it resulted in salvos of laughter in the film audience . The reviewer was also critical of the unnecessary nudity and poor dialogue , though praised the actors for their efforts , as well as the music .
Sapkowski himself in several interviews laconically expressed his negative opinion about the film : `` I can answer only with a single word , an obscene , albeit a short one '' . `` I am a Polish Catholic , it is Lent now ; I can not utter swear words '' .
In a 2016 review , Barnaba Siegel of Gazeta.pl referred to the film as `` the film we all want to forget '' . Siegel noted that while some actors were good , others acted as if in a story directed at children . Siegel also criticized some casting decisions , which portrayed then-popular comedy actors in serious roles , making it more difficult for audiences to treat the production as aimed at adults . Siegel was also critical of the plot , special effects , and costuming . He attributed the failures of the production to an inexperienced production crew , in particular director Marek Brodzki .
In a 2018 Gazeta Wyborcza retrospective , Maciej Grzenkowicz noted that the film has been `` crushed by the reviewers and laughed out by fans '' .
Filmweb provides a score of 3.9/10 .
The film has been subject to several analyses in academic research . In his 2015 article on The Hexer film and series , Robert Dudziński noted that both became in Poland `` widely recognized examples of the weak level of Polish cinema 's entertainment releases and a common butt of jokes of Polish science fiction and fantasy fans '' .
Awards
Despite its poor critical reception , the film received several award nominations in Poland related to its music score by Grzegorz Ciechowski . Ciechowski 's music for The Hexer won the 2002 Polish Film Awards for the Best Film Music in 2001 , as well as the Fryderyk award for the Best 2001 Original Soundtrack .
See also
Wiedźmin ( album ) – the film 's soundtrack
The Witcher – the fantasy series
List of characters in The Witcher series
Notes
References
External links
Unofficial website of the film
Original Soundtrack
2001 films
2000s fantasy adventure films
2001 independent films
Films based on Slavic mythology
Polish fantasy adventure films
Polish independent films
2000s Polish-language films
Sword and sorcery films
The Witcher
Films based on multiple works of a series
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Tsutsuga , Yamagata District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 , when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1966
Twelve Songs of Christmas is an album by Jim Reeves released in the US in 1963 . It was Reeves ' first and only Christmas-themed release . The album was released by RCA Victor in stereo ( LSP-2758 ) and mono ( LPM-2758 ) respectively . The album was first released in South Africa as Merry Christmas from Jim Reeves as an eleven-track album . `` Silver Bells '' was recorded in July 1963 to create the twelve track US album released in 1963 .
Track listing
Side one
`` Jingle Bells '' ( James Pierpont ) – 1:46
`` Blue Christmas '' ( Billy Hayes , Jay W. Johnson ) – 3:00
`` Señor Santa Claus '' ( Lawton Williams ) – 2:27
`` An Old Christmas Card '' ( Vaughn Horton ) – 2:32
`` The Merry Christmas Polka '' ( Willie Phelps ) – 2:25
`` White Christmas '' ( Irving Berlin ) – 2:27
Side two
`` Silver Bells '' ( Ray Evans , Jay Livingston ) – 2:00
`` C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S '' ( Eddy Arnold , Jenny Lou Carson ) – 1:51
`` O Little Town of Bethlehem '' ( Phillips Brooks , Lewis Redner ) – 3:29
`` Mary 's Boy Child '' ( Jester Hairston ) – 2:42
`` Oh Come All Ye Faithful ( Adeste Fideles ) '' ( Traditional ) – 2:34
`` Silent Night '' ( Franz Xaver Gruber , Joseph Mohr ) – 2:34
2001 Reissue
Twelve Songs of Christmas was released on CD in 2001 on the BMG Special Products label .
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Jim Reeves recorded a Christmas album 50 years ago
1963 Christmas albums
Jim Reeves albums
Christmas albums by American artists
RCA Records Christmas albums
Albums produced by Chet Atkins
Country Christmas albums
Ali Saibou ( 17 June 1940 – 31 October 2011 ) was the third President of Niger from 1987 to 1993 succeeding the deceased Seyni Kountché .
A member of the Djerma people , he was born in Dingajibanda , a village in the Ouallam arrondissement . Although from Kountché 's home village , Saibou is not a cousin . He became interested in a military career early on , and attended the Saint-Louis preparatory school in Senegal from 1954 , then joined the First Senegalese Tirailleurs Regiment . He saw action in Cameroon in 1960 , and was wounded there while with the 5th Overseas Interarms Regiment ( RIOM ) of France .
Upon Niger 's independence in 1960 , Saibou was transferred to the new Niger Army as a sergeant in August 1961 . He attended officers ' school , and in 1969 was put in command of a unit at N'Guigmi . After moving to a new unit in Agadez in 1973 , he attained the rank of captain . Saibou threw in his lot with Kountché in the coup of April 1974 , and brought his troops from Agadez to Niamey . As a reward he was promoted to major , appointed to the cabinet as minister of rural economy and the environment , and on 20 November 1974 , made chief of staff .
However , Kountché was suspicious of Saibou . In June 1975 , he dismissed Saibou from the cabinet and asked him to relinquish his command of the armed forces . Saibou countered by asking to be retired from the service altogether , an act which apparently allayed Kountché 's fears . Saibou remained loyal until Kountché 's death , which occurred on 10 November 1987 .
Saibou then secured his nomination by the Supreme Military Council as Kountché 's successor , subsequently sending military rivals overseas with diplomatic tasks . In 1989 , he had a new constitution approved , and founded the National Movement for the Development of Society ( MNSD ) as the sole legal party . As the president of the NMSD , Saibou was the only candidate for president in December . The NMSD swept all 93 seats in the National Assembly .
In early 1990 , unrest by students and a Tuareg assault on Tchintabaraden led to a National Conference of 1991 that ultimately dismantled one-party rule , leaving Saibou mostly ineffective . At an MNSD party congress in March 1991 , Saibou was able to retain his position as party leader , particularly benefiting from the support of the army . However , later in the year the National Conference barred Saibou from running in the planned presidential election , and at another MNSD congress in November 1991 he was replaced as party leader by Mamadou Tandja . After the election of Mahamane Ousmane as president in March 1993 , Saibou handed the presidency over to Mahamane on April 16—the first time that the incumbent president peacefully handed over power to the opposition—and retired to his home village . Ali Saibou died on 31 October 2011 .
See also
Tuareg Rebellion : The Tuareg-based insurgencies in Mali and Niger of the 1990s .
References
Samuel Decalo , Historical Dictionary of Niger , 3rd ed . ( Scarecrow Press , 1997 , ) pp . 265–266
1940 births
2011 deaths
French military personnel
People of French West Africa
National Movement for the Development of Society politicians
Nigerien military personnel
Ministers of council of Niger
People from Agadez
Presidents of Niger
People from Tillabéri Region
Zarma people
In April , 1816 , John McLean ( DR ) of resigned . A special election was called to fill the resulting vacancy .
Election results
Harrison took his seat on December 2 , 1816
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Ohio 01
1816 01
Ohio 1816 01
1816 Ohio elections
[ [ Category:1816 United States House of Representatives
United States House of Representatives 1816 01
Veslekletten Peak ( ) is a small mountain about 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) south of Storkletten Peak on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( NBSAE ) ( 1949–52 ) and named Veslekletten , meaning `` the little mountain . ''
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
RCVR ( pronounced Receiver ) is a transmedia science fiction series created for the Internet by producer-director David van Eyssen , which offers an explanation for the exponential growth in science and technology since the late 19th century . The series was also produced by Tavin Marin Titus through production company Science To Fiction . The original story on which RCVR was based was written by van Eyssen . Brian Horiuchi and van Eyssen wrote the first season of RCVR as a team .
The series premiered on Machinima on September 21 , 2011 and met with critical acclaim and a user `` like '' rating of 96 % . The show generated 2.6 million views in 14 days and approximately 6 million views by October 2011 . The first season of RCVR is made up of 6 episodes each which are 6–9 minutes in duration . Cumulatively , the first season had a run-time of more than 46 minutes .
Alternate Reality Gaming
Accompanying the premiere of the series was the launch of a corresponding blog `` ProjectRCVR '' and Twitter account linking the user to supplemental videos and commentary that formed part of an ARG ( Alternate Reality Game ) which challenged users to access a password-protected website containing the truth about human-alien encounters . At the conclusion of each episode , users were invited to `` Discover The Truth '' by subscribing to RCVR 's Twitter account .
Story
RCVR follows SIGMA agents Luke Weber , played by South-African born actor Daniel Bonjour , and Sandy Bergson played by Catherine Kresge , as they investigate and attempt to cover up alien encounters in 1973 . The agents are also `` RCVR hunters '' , tasked with tracking down individuals who possess valuable information channeled to them by extraterrestrial life-forms . In the series , these contactees are known as `` receivers '' or `` RCVRs '' ( SIGMA 's notation ) . But beyond the many technological advances that are used by corporations and governments for personal profit , RCVRs also carry fragments of a deeper knowledge—information suggesting that life can be extended indefinitely , that energy can be created without a fuel source and that time-travel is possible . Possession of this information makes RCVRs a powerful but dangerous commodity .
Sponsorship
Motorola Mobility sponsored the first season of RCVR . The company 's products and logo were integrated at key points in the series : In Episode 1 the Xoom tablet appears on a motel television ; in Episode 3 , models of the Xoom tablet , StarTAC phone and an oversized microprocessor are examined by Weber during his interview of a suspected contactee ; in Episode 4 , Sandy Bergson uses a prototype version of the DynaTAC phone which would not be commercially available until a decade later , in 1983 ; in Episode 5 , the undercarriage of the alien mothership displays the Motorola `` M '' as it descends .
Simultaneously , the editor of `` ProjectRCVR '' , Alvin Peters , announced that he had uncovered a relationship between Motorola and SIGMA . Users that obtained five sets of usernames and passcodes to enter SIGMA 's official website shared Peters ' discoveries . In the process of accessing hidden levels of SIGMA , users would also learn the truth about six UFO-related mysteries that have been the subject of controversy : Area 51 , Roswell , Majestic 12 , NASA , Kenneth Arnold and The Arkansas Incident ( on which Season 1 is based ) . Alien-styled augmented reality devices that influenced the manufacture of Motorola technology since 1973 , Google-maps references of sightings , and classified archive video and articles interactively extended the RCVR mythology .
Score
The music for RCVR was composed by British composer Rob Lord and recorded in London , Paris and Los Angeles in 2011 . The score features a number of unusual instruments including ondes Martenot , Cristal Baschet and Glass Harmonica played by French virtuoso musician Thomas Bloch plus a twelve piece choir , live string section , piano , guitars and basses often heavily treated and manipulated with electronic effects . Much of the composition and recording was started before filming commenced and was based on the script and discussions between Rob Lord and director David van Eyssen . The music was refined further during the edit period and final changes to the score were made during mix sessions for the film at Lotus Audio Santa Monica .
Awards
In January 2012 , RCVR was honored at the International Academy of Web Television Awards , held at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas , with three prizes : Best Dramatic Series ( accepted by David van Eyssen ) , Best Male Lead ( Daniel Bonjour ) and Best Cinematographer ( Joost van Starrenburg ) . The series received twelve nominations from the IAWTV .
Episodes
`` Little Green Men '' first aired September 21 , 2011
`` Birdfall '' first aired September 30 , 2011
`` Dry Weather '' first aired September 30 , 2011
`` Mission Failure '' first aired October 10 , 2011
`` DCVR '' first aired October 12 , 2011
`` The Chosen '' first aired October 19 , 2011
Notes
References
Variety Wallenstein , Andrew . `` Could the Fall 's Best Series NOT Be on TV ? Meet 'RCVR ' . '' Variety , 21 Sept. 2011 .
Indiewire `` Making Content Too Good For YouTube : How 'RCVR ' Found 2.6 Million Views in Two Weeks . '' Indie Wire , 6 Oct. 2011 .
Buzzfeed `` Web Show Takes On Alien Abductions In 'RCVR ' . '' Buzz Feed , Sept. 2011 .
Digiday Shields , Mike . `` Machinima Scores With Scripted Drama . '' Digiday . 7 Oct. 2011 .
Open Minds McClellan , Jason . `` New Web Series Explores UFOs , Extraterrestrials . '' Open Minds | UFO Investigations , UFO News and a UFO Magazine . 22 Sept. 2011 .
I Am Rogue Powell , Jenni . `` Web Content Corner With Jenni Powell : David Van Eyssen Interview . '' I Am Rogue . 10 Oct. 2011 .
Tubefilter Hustvedt , Marc . `` 'RCVR ' Premieres on Machinima , Online Drama Is Getting Good Now . '' Tubefilter - YouTube , Web Series , Web TV and Online Video News . 21 Sept. 2011
ScienceFiction.com Hardbarger , Bryan . `` 'RCVR : Little Green Men ' - Recap . '' Science Fiction ( sci-fi ) News , Books , TV , Movies , Comic Books , Video Games and More ... Sept. 2011
Web Television Observer Benzakein , Dan . `` RCVR , Une Serie Web Qui Rivalise Avec Les Fictions TV . '' Web Television Observer . 21 Oct. 2011 .
External links
RCVR Series
ProjectRCVR
They Walk Among Us
The Smell Of Honesty
Instagram : RCVR_microseries
American science fiction web series
Transmedia storytelling
The Sterling Bullet is a medium-duty vocational truck that was marketed by Sterling Trucks from 2007 to 2009 . It is a rebadged Dodge Ram , specifically the 3500/4500/5500 Chassis Cab variant , with the most visible difference being the unique grille compared to the Ram .
Overview
Sterling Trucks was a division of Freightliner Trucks which , like Dodge , was owned by the former DaimlerChrysler . The Bullet is a Class 4 and 5 truck and has a Gross Weight of for the Class 4 model and for Class 5 .
The chassis for the Bullet was designed for use with a variety of truck configurations , including dump , contractor , towing , and box trucks .
The main difference between the Ram and rebadged Bullet was a new front fascia and both 'Sterling ' and 'Bullet ' badging on the exterior of the truck . Both 2-Door Regular Cab and 4-Door Quad Cab models were available . To differentiate the Bullet from the related Ram 3500/4500/5500 Chassis Cab , the former was only available with the latter 's 6.7L Cummins ISB engine , with no gasoline engine option . Both manual and Aisin AS68RC heavy-duty automatic transmissions were offered ( both transmissions were six-speed units ) , as was two-wheel-drive ( rear-wheel-drive ) or four-wheel-drive . Standard features included an A/M-F/M radio with single-disc CD/MP3 player and auxiliary audio input , a two-speaker sound system , full instrumentation , vinyl flooring , vinyl seating surfaces , forged steel wheels , black bumpers and front grille , bench seating , and manual windows and door locks . Options included air conditioning , cloth seating surfaces , chrome bumpers and front grille , power windows and door locks , keyless entry , security system , chrome-plated forged steel wheels , a tilt-adjustable steering column , a leather-wrapped steering wheel , a cruise control , and a four-speaker sound system .
Discontinuation
The Bullet was discontinued after 2009 after a decision to stop selling the Sterling brand of medium to heavy-duty trucks . Customer support for Sterling trucks at certain dealerships for service and parts would continue .
The equivalent Dodge Ram 3500 , 4500 , and 5500 chassis cab trucks were sold alongside the Bullet . Thus , there was no replacement for the Bullet with another vehicle . After the 2009 model year , the Ram HD Series of trucks was redesigned .
References
Trucks
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles introduced in 2007
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Nargiz Akif gizi Gurbanova ( , born 1975 ) is an Azerbaijani diplomat , serving as the Ambassador of Azerbaijan to Poland since 2021 .
Education
Gurbanova graduated from the University of Vienna with a Ph.D in political science . She also received BA/MA in international relations from the Baku State University and MSc in international management from the Western University in Azerbaijan . Gurbanova also studied international business at the Jönköping International Business School in Sweden and international law at the University of Nice in France .
Diplomatic service
Gurbanova served as director of the Department for Economic Cooperation and Development at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan . She then served in the Embassy of Azerbaijan to Austria and the Embassy of Azerbaijan to the United States , where she worked as Counselor , Chargé d'Affaires and Deputy Chief of Mission .
On 8 January 2021 , Gurbanova was appointed the Ambassador of Azerbaijan to Poland by a presidential decree , succeeding Hasan Hasanov . She previously served as the ambassador to Bulgary .
Personal life
Gurbanova is married and has one son .
References
1975 births
Ambassadors of Azerbaijan to Poland
Azerbaijani women ambassadors
21st-century Azerbaijani women
Living people
Ambassadors of Azerbaijan to Bulgaria
University of Vienna alumni
Baku State University alumni
Western Caspian University alumni
Ambassadors of Azerbaijan to the United States
The 1979 Wightman Cup was the 51st edition of the annual women 's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain . It was held in West Palm Beach , Florida in the United States .
References
Wightman Cups by year
Wightman Cup , 1979
Wightman Cup , 1979
Wightman Cup , 1979
Wightman Cup , 1979
Wightman Cup , 1979
Sing ( , means `` Everybody '' ) is a 2016 Hungarian short film directed and written by Kristóf Deák . Set in 1991 , it follows the story of a girl who moves to a new elementary school and becomes a member of the award-winning school choir . In 2017 , the film won the Oscar for Best Live Action Short Film at the 89th Academy Awards .
Plot
The story takes place in Budapest in 1991 . Zsófi ( Dorka Gáspárfalvi ) moves to a new elementary school and becomes friends with Liza ( Dorottya Hais ) . Zsófi joins the award-winning school choir but she is told not to sing out loud because Erika , the teacher , does n't consider her good enough and the choir is preparing for a competition where they can win a trip to Sweden . Zsófi is visibly hurt , but she obeys the teacher and keeps her request secret from the other children .
Liza notices that Zsófi does n't sing , and Zsófi tells her about the teacher 's request . At the next choir rehearsal Liza confronts the teacher , but she is told that it 's in the best interest of the choir that only the good singers sing out loud . Erika also tells Liza that she did n't want to publicly shame those who ca n't sing well , but now she asks all of them to raise their hands . Zsófi is surprised when she realizes that she was far from being the only one who was n't allowed to sing . Later she tells Liza she has a plan .
The day of the competition arrives . Erika 's choir is supposed to start singing , and all the children start silently mouthing the lyrics , no one sings . When a frustrated Erika leaves the stage , the children start to sing .
Cast
Dorka Gáspárfalvi as Zsófi
Dorottya Hais as Liza ( singing voice : Rebeka Walton )
Zsófia Szamosi as Ms Erika
The film features the choir of the Bakáts Square Musical Primary School from Budapest .
Production
The film 's plot is based on a story that director Kristóf Deák heard from a Swedish friend . The first screenplay was written in 2012 with two English comedians Bex Harvey and Christian Azzola , and was originally set in an English-language environment instead of Hungary . In 2014 Deák rewrote the screenplay and received a funding of 8,000,000 forints from the National Media and Communications Authority ( the highest amount that can be awarded for short and experimental films ) . An additional 2,000,000 forints came from the state , the filmmakers and the film studio .
It was the first starring role for both Dorka Gáspárfalvi and Dorottya Hais , who were chosen from eighty children auditioning for the roles . The choir was chosen from among five school choirs .
The film was shot during six days ; editing and post-production took a year to complete . The film was finished in Autumn 2015 .
Awards and nominations
The film received the following awards and nominations :
Sing was selected as the opening film of the 14th Asiana International Short Film Festival in Seoul .
Notes
1 . Zsófia Szamosi received the award for her roles in Sing and Strangled ( orig . : A martfűi rém ) .
References
External links
2016 television films
2016 films
2010s Hungarian-language films
2016 drama films
2016 short films
Films set in 1991
Films set in Budapest
Live Action Short Film Academy Award winners
Hungarian short films
Hungarian drama films
The Three Graces may refer to :
Charites , three goddesses in Greek mythology ( Euphrosyne , Aglaia , and Thalia ) , in whom beauty was deified
Arts and entertainment
Paintings
Primavera ( Botticelli ) , a 15th-century painting by Botticelli
The Three Graces ( Cranach ) , a 1531 painting by Lucas Cranach the Elder
Three Graces ( Raphael ) , a 16th-century painting by Raphael
The Three Graces ( Rubens , monochrome ) , a 1620–1623 painting by Peter Paul Rubens
The Three Graces ( Rubens ) , a 17th-century painting by Rubens
The Three Graces , a painting by Michael Parkes
Sculptures
The Three Graces ( d'Antoine ) ( Trois Graces ) , an 18th-century fountain by Étienne d'Antoine in the Place de la Comédie , Montpellier , France
The Three Graces ( sculpture ) , a 19th-century neoclassical sculpture by Antonio Canova
The Three Graces ( Indianapolis ) , a 19th- or 20th-century neoclassical sculpture by an unknown artist , located at the Indianapolis Museum of Art
The Three Graces ( Whitney ) , a 1931 fountain by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney at McGill University in Montreal
Nymph ( Central Figure for `` The Three Graces '' ) , a 1953 sculpture by Aristide Maillol
Three Graces ( Mack ) , a 1965 abstract sculpture by Heinz Mack , located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden
Les Trois Grâces , a 1999 sculpture by Niki de Saint Phalle
Opera
The Three Graces , a 1908 opera that opened at the Chicago Opera House and starred such performers as Trixie Friganza
The Three Graces ( Три грации ) , a 1988 Russian opera parody composed by Vladimir Tarnopolsky
Other uses
Theological virtues , specifically faith , hope and charity
The Three Graces , consisting of the Royal Liver Building , Cunard Building and Port of Liverpool Building on the Pier Head in Liverpool , England
The Three Graces of Admin , three minor characters in the British situation comedy Campus
`` The Bachelor and Three Graces '' , a set of four sequoia trees growing , with intertwined roots , in Mariposa Grove , Yosemite National Park
See also
Charis ( disambiguation )
WOW Gospel 2016 is the eighteenth album in the WOW Gospel series . Motown Gospel , RCA Inspiration , Word Records , and Curb Records released the album on January 29 , 2016 .
Track list
Charts
References
2016 compilation albums
Gospel compilation albums
WOW series albums
Christian music compilation albums
Navavadhu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by A. L. Sreenivasan . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sharada , Sukumari and Adoor Bhasi . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Shanavas as Chandran
Bala Singh as Rajan
Prem Nazir
Sharada
Sukumari
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Sreelatha Namboothiri
T. S. Muthaiah
Philomina
Santhakumari as Parvathyamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Acrolepiopsis reticulosa is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae . It is only known from two widely separated locations in Wyoming and New Mexico .
The length of the forewings 7.3–8.6 mm .
References
Moths described in 1927
Acrolepiidae
Vedin Musić ( born 11 March 1973 ) is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a left-back .
Club career
Musić started his career at FK Sloboda Tuzla , where he played in the Bosnian League after the end of the War in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
International career
He made his debut in Bosnia and Herzegovina 's first ever official international game , a November 1995 friendly match away against Albania , and has earned a total earned a total of 45 caps , scoring no goals . His final international was a June 2007 European Championship qualification match against Malta .
Honours
Como
Serie B : 2001–02
References
External links
Profile at TFF
1973 births
Living people
People from Gračanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football fullbacks
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
İstanbulspor footballers
Antalyaspor footballers
Como 1907 players
Modena F.C . players
Torino F.C . players
A.C.D . Treviso players
Calcio Padova players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
S.S. Arezzo players
NK Čelik Zenica players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Süper Lig players
Serie B players
Serie A players
Serie C players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Shawnee is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars . It was named after the town of Shawnee , Ohio in 1976 .
Shawnee is located north of the craters Lod , Bok , and Bled in Ares Vallis .
References
Oxia Palus quadrangle
Impact craters on Mars
MLB 2003 is a video game based on Major League Baseball . It was developed exclusively for the PlayStation . San Francisco Giants player Barry Bonds was on the cover of the game . MLB 2003 was developed by 989 Sports . According to Metacritic , the game was generally well received amongst critics at 78 out of 100 , with user scores being slightly lower at 7.4 .
The game was preceded by MLB 2002 and succeeded by MLB 2004 .
References
External links
2002 video games
Major League Baseball video games
North America-exclusive video games
PlayStation ( console ) games
PlayStation ( console ) -only games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in 2003
John Milton Miller ( December 8 , 1894 – March 28 , 1971 ) was an American football fullback who played one season for the Dayton Triangles of the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) . He went to college at Notre Dame .
Miller was born on December 8 , 1894 , in Clinton , Illinois . He went to Clinton High School before attending the University of Notre Dame . He played for their football team , the Fighting Irish , from 1914 to '17 . He served in World War I as a Lieutenant from late 1917 to 1918 . He also won an athletic competition in 1917 . In 1919 , he played in one game for the Massillon Tigers of the Ohio League . He did not play in 1920 . In 1921 , he joined the Dayton Triangles of the newly formed American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) and appeared in one game . He died on March 28 , 1971 , in Riverside County , California at the age of 76 .
References
External links
1894 births
1971 deaths
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Massillon Tigers players
Dayton Triangles players
Moiynkum ( , ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Moiynkum .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Goin ' to the Meeting is an album by saxophonist Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis recorded in 1962 for the Prestige label .
Reception
The Allmusic review states , `` Goin ' to the Meetin showcases Horace Parlan in a way even his Blue Note records did n't . While Davis appears to be the leader because of his beat generation bluesed-out swing in the solos and brief melodic statements , it 's Parlan , on the title track , `` Pass the Hat , '' and `` Night and Day , '' who carries the tunes and turns them into a very sophisticated and subtle kind of jazz that allows for both the simplicity of a raw-toned , grooved-out blues statement and simultaneously created the space for a harmonic improvisation that employed counterpoint and intervallic architecture for the rhythm section . Parlan 's own soloing is nothing less than soulful , but it is considerably more than soul he 's playing . Moreover , Parlan is laying down the sophistication evidenced in the post-bop and modal playing of both Bill Evans and Horace Silver '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis except as indicated
`` Goin ' to the Meetin ' '' - 5:25
`` People Will Say We 're in Love '' ( Oscar Hammerstein II , Richard Rodgers ) - 3:01
`` Night and Day '' ( Cole Porter ) - 4:57
`` Pass the Hat '' - 3:38
`` Yes , Yes '' - 3:44
`` Please Send Me Someone to Love '' ( Percy Mayfield ) - 3:56
`` Love Is Here to Stay '' ( George Gershwin , Ira Gershwin ) - 2:33
`` Oh Babee '' - 5:31
`` Little Cougar '' - 4:14
Personnel
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis - tenor saxophone
Horace Parlan - piano
Buddy Catlett - bass
Art Taylor - drums
Willie Bobo - congas
References
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis albums
1962 albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Prestige Records albums
Thomas Parry ( 1794 – 16 March 1870 ) was a Welsh clergyman in the West Indies who rose to become Bishop of Barbados from 1842 to 1869 .
Background and education
He was born on 27th November 1794 the fourth son of Edward Parry , a clergyman in North Wales , who at that time was rector of Llanferres , Denbighshire . Parry was educated at Oriel College , Oxford , matriculating in 1812 and graduating first-class in mathematics and second-class in classics four years later . He was appointed a Fellow of Balliol College , Oxford in 1818 and obtained a Master of Arts in the following year . He was made deacon in 1819 and ordained priest in 1820 , both times by the Bishop of Oxford .
Career
Parry became Archdeacon of Antigua in 1825 and was transferred to Barbados in 1840 . Two years later , he was nominated to be the second Bishop of Barbados . On 24 August 1842 , Parry was consecrated a bishop at Westminster Abbey . He held the See until 1869 when he returned to England following a breakdown in his health .
Family and death
In 1824 , he married Louisa , third daughter of Henry Hutton , rector of Beaumont-cum-Moze He is the great grandfather of actor Robert Hardy . Parry died on 16 March 1870 in Malvern , Worcestershire .
References
1795 births
1870 deaths
19th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Alumni of Oriel College , Oxford
Anglican bishops of Barbados
Fellows of Balliol College , Oxford
Welsh bishops
Archdeacons of Antigua
Martha Elizabeth Burchfield Richter ( June 28 , 1924 – April 10 , 1977 ) was an American watercolorist , the daughter of artist Charles Ephraim Burchfield ( 1893–1967 ) . Similarly to her father , Burchfield had an affinity for flowering plants , trees and landscapes . She painted almost exclusively with watercolors and is known for her depictions of nature throughout the seasons , and landscapes of rural America . She is known by the customary signature `` M. Burchfield '' on all her paintings . Including those painted after the change of her surname following her marriage in 1946 to Henry Richter .
Her paintings and drawings can be found in the Smithsonian , Ford Motor Company , SUNY Buffalo State , and the Burchfield-Penney Art Center . She has been the subject of exhibitions at the Butler Institute of American Art , the Sisti Gallery in Buffalo , Central Park Gallery in Buffalo and the Buffalo Garret Club . She has also had solo exhibits in cities around American including Detroit , Salem and Youngstown .
The largest collection of Burchfield 's paintings and studies are in the personal collection of Louise Simon Schoene of West Seneca , New York . Schoene owns the copyright to all of Richter 's works and is organizing an exhibit of Burchfield 's paintings as part of a three-generational Burchfield exhibition scheduled for April 2017 at the Kenan Center in Lockport , New York .
Additionally , Schoene loaned seven of Burchfield 's paintings to the producers of the feature-length movie Marshall , a biography of Thurgood Marshall , the first African-American Supreme Court justice , which was filmed in Buffalo in summer 2016 .
Life
Early years
Born in Buffalo , New York , on June 28 , 1924 , Burchfield was raised by her parents , Charles , a painter who also worked for a time as a designer at the H.M. Birge wallpaper company , and Bertha ( née Kenreich ) Burchfield , a homemaker . At 2 years of age , Burchfield with her family moved to the Gardenville area of West Seneca , New York , where she remained for the rest of her life .
Burchfield was the second oldest of five children . She and her siblings , Mary Alice , Sarah Ruth ( Sally ) , Catherine and Arthur grew up across the street from the 29-acre Island Park , which in 1999 became the Charles E. Burchfield Nature & Art Center ( BNAC ) in honor of her father . It is composed of wild and cultivated gardens , a large playground , nature trails , and an outdoor amphitheater alongside the banks of the Buffalo Creek .
In 1928 , Charles approached artist-gallerist Frank Rehn to see whether he could afford to paint full-time by selling through the Rehn gallery in New York City . Though the decision to leave Birge wallpaper company preceded the Great Depression , Charles 's works continued to sell . From thereon , he was able to support the family through his artwork .
From early childhood , Burchfield loved to draw and paint . She was encouraged by her father and her talent was evident . At age 12 , she won a drawing contest earning her $ 1 and a story in the paper .
Education
Childhood and adolescent education
Burchfield attended Gardenville High School , which was named for its location in the Gardenville section of West Seneca . The school system promoted Richter one grade and she ended up in the same class as her sister Mary Alice who was a year older . On her 17th birthday in 1941 , Burchfield became the salutatorian of her graduating class while Mary Alice was named valedictorian .
Further education
After graduation , Burchfield attended Albright Art School in Buffalo for one year studying with artists Philip C. Elliott and Florence Julia Bach . With the help of scholarships , she followed in her father 's footsteps and studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art . Her mentors at the institute included such artists as William Joseph Eastman , Carl Frederick Gaertner , and Paul Travis . Her aunt , Louise Burchfield , served as the institute 's assistant curator of painting at the institute .
Family and personal life
Family of artists
Along with Richter , her sister Catherine Burchfield Parker ( 1926–2012 ) and daughter , Peggy Richter Haug ( Born May 11 , 1948 ) , also became painters . Parker painted more abstracts but Peggy also liked to paint landscapes and said she loved the Western New York countryside . When Haug was a teenager and young adult , she participated in three-generational exhibits alongside her mother and grandfather .
Marriage
On August 3 , 1946 , Burchfield married Henry ( Hank ) Richter , a local boy who served for three and a half years in the Army Air Force in the European Theater . The couple was married in her parents ' home , with siblings Catherine and Arthur Burchfield serving as maid of honor and best man respectively .
The couple lived on Cloverside Drive in West Seneca , just a little more than a mile from her parents ' home . She was the only one of the five children to remain in West Seneca through adulthood .
Martha and Henry raised three children . Along with daughter Peggy , she had two sons : Tom ( born Sept. 20 , 1949 ) and David ( born June 9 , 1953 ) . She stayed home with the children while he served as the assistant to the highway superintendent for the Town of West Seneca . He also worked as a flight instructor and FAA examiner .
In news interviews , Richter talked about her love of cooking , sewing and raising children , but she also spoke to her yearning to create art . In an April 1960 interview with Jean Reeves in the Buffalo Evening News titled `` Amid Houseful of Distractions , Woman Artist Paints on , '' Richter said , `` All my life I wanted to be an artist . But I fought against it . I 'd stand in front of Dad 's paintings and I 'd think Why try ? But they inspired me , too . But it was a lost cause , and I decided that all I really wanted to do was paint , so why fight it ? Painting is n't something I took up as a means of escape from dishes and diapers . The urge to paint was there before any frustration with housework . A serious artist paints because he has to ; it 's an inborn drive . ''
An article in The Buffalo Evening News ( November 30 , 1946 ) reported that when she got married four months previously she had planned to give up painting if it interfered with her housework . `` She is , however , pleased to discover that she can manage both and in addition to having dinner ready when her husband returns from work she frequently greets him with a new watercolor . ''
Peggy Richter Haug described her childhood like this , `` We grew up going out to the countryside often . My mom would pile us kids in the car and she would then search for an old or deserted house or barn . We would climb all over and explore while she would paint . '' She also described her mother as devoted to home and children ; she remembers her mother making dinner for the family every evening .
Her studio
Although Burchfield favored en plein air painting , she also had a studio for convenience and unfavorable weather . For many years during her marriage , Richter painted in her bedroom . Eventually , her husband contracted to have an artist studio built for Richter above the garage .
Death
Much of her last few years are known through an interview with Peggy Haug , Burchfield Richter 's daughter , taken on July 15 , 2016 by Laurie Kaiser a writer from Buffalo .
Burchfield was very close to her father and following her father 's death in 1967 suffered greatly . `` she was very emotionally attached to her father ... it was difficult for her when he died . ''
Throughout most of her lifetime Richter suffered from depression . She saw psychiatrists for her depression and they prescribed tranquilizers and sleeping pills , which often left her in a fog instead of feeling better . While her depression was very difficult for her and her family , Haug describes her as someone who embraced the good and the bad . `` From her , we got the ability to live fully , she grabbed hold of life and was fun-loving . Women in those days did n't have the means to express themselves . They did n't know how . But she did . ''
Burchfield 's mental state deteriorated in the mid-1970s after her children had left home . On April 10 , 1977 , aged 52 , she committed suicide by overdosing on barbiturates .
Artist style and influences
Burchfield painted almost exclusively with watercolors , often employing a dry technique ( using little water ) over a pencil sketch , much as her father did .
She was known for painting en plein air — on the scene and in the open . Burchfield loved summer and relished painting summer scenes , saying that is `` when I feel most alive . '' She was known for driving around until she found a painting location that appealed to her .
In the opening notes to the program for her solo exhibition at the Butler Institute of American Art in October 1966 , Charles Burchfield described Burchfield 's watercolors as having `` an unspoiled , innocent freshness about them ; lyrical in character , with also a tinge of primitiveness . With experience and increasing knowledge , the primitive note has vanished , but the lyrical quality has remained and grown steadily , to which has been added the drama of light and an awareness of the more sophisticated problems of landscape painting . She has an inborn sense of pattern and composition , strikingly evident in her childhood attempts , which has carried through into her mature work . ''
In November 1960 the editors of Ford Magazine used eight of Burchfield 's paintings to illustrate a four-page story about Gardenville , New York .
All of Burchfield 's instructors insisted that she not be influenced by her father and told her to develop her own style to which she replied , `` Every young artist is influenced by someone , even my father . ''
Charles taught her `` to see '' nature on trips across the countryside to paint with him and taught her some of his techniques . Consequently , there was a continual comparison between her work and that of her famous father that she could not escape .
Art critic and abstract artist Trevor Thomas wrote that Richter `` commands an almost impeccable cleanliness of rendering and handles the accepted hieroglyphics for trees , leaves , grass , flowers , and old houses with accustomed assurance . ''
He also compared her style to her father 's , saying that while Charles had the intuitive ability to evoke a sense of mystery and wonder behind the appearances of ordinary scenes , Burchfield `` is content to look at what she views and to delineate it with a given vocabulary of colors and an accepted grammar of strokes . She does not probe beneath the surface for the inherent magic or mystery . She can set the scene well but the drama remains offstage . ''
She won awards for her work , including first prize from that Buffalo Society of Artists `` Statler Show '' in Buffalo on May 4 , 1950 , along with many other first prizes and honorable mentions at various local exhibitions . She also taught painting in adult education courses held in West Seneca .
Exhibits
At age 21 , Burchfield had her first one-person show at the Art Institute of Buffalo . An article about the show in the November 30 , 1945 Buffalo Evening News compared her to her father as a `` regionalist . '' `` Western New York 's meadows , creeks , roads , and small towns are sensitively recorded by her brushes….If there is a quality , rather than a technique , which she shares with her famous father , it is the spirit of fantasy that animates her skies , mottling the horizons with clouds that seem under pressures of wind to achieve a full , rolling boil . ''
The next year she participated in a group exhibition , `` Advent of Spring , '' with the Buffalo Society of Artists , repeating an exhibition with that group in 1948 at the Albright Art Gallery . In 1960 , she exhibited in a solo show at the Junior League of Buffalo 's clubroom , and in 1961 , she had another solo exhibition of 24 watercolors at the Sisti Gallery in Buffalo .
Also , in 1961 , she had 25 of her works exhibited at the Canisius College Library . She had a solo exhibition of 38 paintings and a few drawings at Central Park Gallery in Buffalo , New York , from 1968 to 1969 . In 1967 , another solo show at the Sisti Gallery resulted in a near sell-out of her paintings , two of which were purchased by newspaper art critics . In spring 1968 , the Lakeview Gallery of Art in Hamburg , New York , hosted a three-generational exhibit featuring the work of Charles Burchfield , Martha Burchfield and , Peggy Richter , who was only 19 years old and a volunteer working with Trinity Lutheran Church on the lower east side New York City to help poor black and Puerto Rican families .
D.K . Winebrenner , a writer with the Buffalo Courier-Express ( February 3 , 1968 ) described Burchfield 's work as `` well-composed , structurally sound and painted with great sympathy for the subject . ''
In 1973 , Burchfield again exhibited with her father and her daughter at the Raydon Gallery in New York City in the show `` Three Generations of Burchfields , '' which included 68 combined watercolors .
References
External links
Official website on Facebook
Buffalo Society of Artists Entry
Burchfield Penney Art Center Entry
Charles E. Burchfield Nature & Art Center Entry
Kenan Center Entry
Meibohm Fine Arts Inc . Entry
American watercolorists
Women watercolorists
Landscape artists
Cleveland Institute of Art alumni
American Expressionist painters
Realist artists
1924 births
1977 deaths
20th-century American women artists
1977 suicides
Drug-related suicides in the United States
Barbiturates-related deaths
Asprocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia .
Species
There are currently eight recognized species in this genus :
Asprocottus abyssalis Taliev , 1955
Asprocottus herzensteini L. S. Berg , 1906 ( Herzenstein 's rough sculpin )
Asprocottus intermedius Taliev , 1955
Asprocottus korjakovi Sideleva , 2001
Asprocottus minor Sideleva , 2001
Asprocottus parmiferus Taliev , 1955
Asprocottus platycephalus Taliev , 1955
Asprocottus pulcher Taliev , 1955
References
Abyssocottidae
Taxa named by Lev Berg
Fish of Russia
Samuel Kivuitu ( 1939 – 25 February 2013 ) was head of the now defunct Electoral Commission of Kenya . He was reappointed to his post by the Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki ahead of the 2007 general election , having already been in charge during Kenya 's general elections in 1997 , 2002 as well as a constitutional referendum in 2005 . Samuel Kivuitu was appointed to the post By Daniel Arap Moi replacing Zacchaeus Chesoni , who was the head of the Electoral commission during Kenya 's 1992 general election . He was among the people blamed for the elections that lacked transparency in Kenya in the year 2007 which eventually led to post-election violence . He was later officially determined not responsible . He also said before he died that he did n't die of cancer he died of a broken heart trying to help the great people of Kenya .
Kivuitu was educated in Uganda ( 1959–61 ) and Tanzania ( 1961–65 ) . He was elected MP for Parklands in 1969-74 and 1983-88 . He died on 25 February 2013 at the MP Shah hospital after suffering from throat cancer for years , though his death did not receive media attention as promptly as it would have been expected of a person of his status in the history of the country .
References
External links
Electoral Commission of Kenya website
BBC News story : Kenya election chief reappointed
Kenyan politicians
1939 births
2013 deaths
Lammers is a Dutch and Low German patronymic surname meaning `` son of Lammert '' ( Lambert ) . It may refer to :
: de : Esmé Lammers ( born 1958 ) , Dutch author and film director
Frank Lammers ( born 1972 ) , Dutch television and film actor
Georg Lammers ( 1905–1987 ) , German sprinter
Gustav Adolf Lammers Heiberg ( 1875–1948 ) , Norwegian barrister and politician for the Labour Party
Hans Lammers ( 1879–1962 ) , German jurist and prominent Nazi politician
Jan Lammers ( 1926–2011 ) , Dutch sprinter
Jan Lammers , ( born 1956 ) , Dutch racing driver and team principal
John Lammers ( born 1986 ) , Canadian ice hockey player
John Lammers ( born 1963 ) , Dutch footballer
Kim Lammers ( born 1981 ) , Dutch field hockey player
: de : Lothar Lammers ( 1926–2012 ) , German inventor of the six-number lottery game
Marc Lammers ( born 1969 ) , Dutch women 's national field hockey team head coach
Sam Lammers ( born 1997 ) , Dutch footballer
Thorvald Lammers ( 1841–1922 ) , Norwegian baritone singer , conductor , composer and biographer
See also
Albert Lammers House , house in Stillwater , Minnesota on the National Register of Historic Places
Lammers Glacier , large glacier on the east coast of Graham Land
Lammers Township , Beltrami County , Minnesota , township in Beltrami County , Minnesota , United States
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
es : Lammers
Dr . Sin II is the fifth studio album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr . Sin , released in 2000 . The power trio becomes now a quartet with Michael Vescera ( ex- Obsession , MVP , Loudness and Yngwie Malmsteen ) on the lead vocals .
Track listing
American and European version - Shadows of Light
In Europe and the United States , the album was released in 2002 under the title of Shadows of Light . The differences were in the titles and the order of the songs .
Track listing
Personnel
Michael Vescera - ( Lead Vocals/Keyboards )
Andria Busic – ( Bass/Backing Vocals )
Ivan Busic – ( Drums/Backing Vocals )
Eduardo Ardanuy – ( Guitars )
Joey Gross Brown - ( Keyboards )
Special guests
Serj Buss - on the track Same old Story
Roland Grapow on the tack Time After Time ( 2nd guitar )
Jason Himmelberger - Keyboards on the tracks Time After Time , What Now , Fly Away and Inside the Pain
References
Dr . Sin albums
2000 albums
2002 albums
George `` Royal George '' Williamson , Esq. , was a prominent Caswell County Sheriff from 1815 to 1832 , one of the justices of the Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions , Chairman of the Court , he served as a member of the Council of State from 1834 to 1836 , as a member of the North Carolina State Senate , and as a charter member of the Bank of Yanceyville in 1852 . “ Royal George ” was a state senator who represented North Carolina 's 37th District ( now 30th District ) from November 18 , 1850 to January 29 , 1851 . He owned the Melrose/Williamson House , which is a historic plantation house , which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .
References
North Carolina state senators
1788 births
1856 deaths
People from Caswell County , North Carolina
MdN ( Macintosh designers Network ) is a general information magazine for graphics and design . Despite its name , the magazine 's emphasis is primarily on design and secondarily about Macintosh computing .
Founded in 1989 by Yuichi Inomata , the magazine was based on a Macintosh DTP support organisation . MdN also publishes other design magazines and mooks such as web creators and effects . The magazine is published by Impress Group company .
References
External links
Official website
1989 establishments in Japan
Computer magazines
Design magazines
Monthly magazines published in Japan
Macintosh magazines
Magazines established in 1989
Bitik is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Sayram ( ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of . The historic city of Sayram is located in this district , and gives it its name . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
The main point of contention in the umpiring of the 1974–75 Ashes series was the intimidatory bowling of the Australian fast bowlers Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson . There were a few other issues , though there were the usual cases of batsmen being given out or not out despite the differing opinions of the players and umpire . At the time , umpires had no recourse to slow motion replays and had to make decisions based on what they saw in a split second , with the benefit of the doubt always going to the batsman . As a result it was not uncommon for umpires to make mistakes , which over the course of a long series tended to cancel each other out . The best an umpire could do was to make an honest judgement based on what he saw . Tom Brooks and Robin Bailhache were the umpires in all six Tests , but were junior for so important a series . Brooks having made his debut in the 1970–71 Ashes series and Bailhache in the First Test at Brisbane . Unusually for Australian umpires of the time Brooks had played First Class Cricket – he had been a lively fast-medium bowler – and as a result was more able to connect with the Test players , and was more forgiving of short-pitched deliveries which he saw as a natural part of the game . This helped England in 1970–71 when they had the fast bowlers John Snow and Bob Willis , but proved fatal for their batsmen in 1974–75 .
Intimidatory bowling
Ian Chappell ... made it clear more than once that he regarded the control of his side on the field as the concern solely of the umpires . Poor wretched men ! I wonder what Ian thought might have happened if either Tom Brooks or Robin Bailhache had applied the full sanction of Law 46 , and had banned either Lillee or Thomson on that emotion-charged Sunday afternoon . How many beer-cans might have besplattered the field , and angry spectators invaded the playing area ? As it was the umpires contented themselves with friendly warnings afterwards described as 'unofficial ' . In the circumstances it was hard to blame them .
E.W . Swanton
The England team thought that the Australian umpires failed to apply Law 46 ; 'the persistent bowling of fast short-pitched balls at the batsman is unfair if , in the opinion of the umpire at the bowler 's end , it constitutes a systematic attempt at intimidation ' . Wisden noted that `` never in the 98 years of Test cricket have batsmen been so grievously bruised and battered by ferocious , hostile , short-pitched balls '' . Both Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson had written and stated that they liked to bowl bouncers to intimidate batsmen , with Thomson 's 'blood on the wicket ' statement particularly offending old-fashioned sensibilities . Traditionally it was the job of the captain to restrain his bowlers if they became too aggressive , but Ian Chappell refused to do so and the Australian umpires were loath to give them official warnings . It is rare in Test cricket for an umpire to give a bowler an official warning or to ban him , and in Sydney the crowd would not have accepted such a move . To be fair the England fast bowlers John Snow and Bob Willis had bowled short and fast on the previous tour and Chappell `` employed almost the identical tactics used by Illingworth and Snow in 1970-71 '' when the tourists had complained about Umpire Rowan 's interference . Willis returned to bowl short in 1974-75 , but was injury prone and not as fast as either Lillee or Thomson . It was possible for umpires to curb even a fast bowler like Lillee , as Dickie Bird was to demonstrate in England , but Brooks and Bailhache were relatively inexperienced and lacked authority . They also lacked the backing of the Australia Board of Control who enjoyed record profits from the series thanks to the crowd-drawing qualities of the bowlers . Keith Fletcher had his arm bruised by Thomson in the First Test and Dennis Amiss and John Edrich their hands bruised from being constantly hit with short balls . Wally Edwards was hit by a Willis bouncer in the Second Test , Colin Cowdrey on the arm by Lillee and David Lloyd painfully in the groin by Thomson . The Third Test had Fred Titmus struck a blow to the back of the knee from a ball by Thomson . In the Fourth Test Tony Greig hit Lillee on the elbow and Ashley Mallett on his bowling hand with his medium paced bouncers , John Edrich had his ribs broken when he ducked into a Lillee bouncer that kept low and Fletcher was hit on the head . In the Sixth Test Greg Chappell was struck on the chin by Peter Lever . Edrich ( twice ) , Amiss and Lloyd were all dropped from Tests due to the severity of their injuries .
Bad Light
At 3:30pm two umpires emerged from the players ' race leading from the dressing rooms . The crowd roared its approval . It seemed there was going to be more play . The cordon of policemen , reinforced after the spectator intrusions of the first day , respectfully made way to allow the umpires to pass . But wait ! Surely Tom Brooks does not have a beard . Robin Bailhache , slight in build though he is , is slightly more substantial than the youthful beanpole figure making his way to the centre . It took Bill Watkins , the groundsman at the M.C.G . to detect the impersonation . He hurried from his post by the covers in the centre of the ground to intercept the impostors and turn them back from whence they came . In tribute to a skillful piece of improvised humour , police sergeant Brian Watkins allowed them to make good their escape , instead of conducting them to the local lock-up .
Frank Tyson
The Australian umpires were willing to give the batsmen the benefit of bad light if there was a thunderstorm in the offing , or the Australian sunset came too soon and were particularly prone to do this if Lillee , Thomson or Willis were bowling . In the second innings of the First Test at Brisbane there were 35 minutes for England to bat until stumps , but as a stormcloud loomed over the ground and Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson were sending down three short balls an over . Bailhache told them they should bowl fuller , but the next ball was a Thommo bouncer and the umpire gave the English batsmen the benefit of the bad light . The Australian captain Ian Chappell complained about the umpire 's interference as strictly speaking he could not tell the bowlers what to bowl and the ABC commentator Frank Tyson agreed . In the Third Test at Melbourne a couple of hoaxers dressed up as umpires during bad light and `` sold the crowd a pup '' before they were chased off .
The Crowds
The deterioration of crowd behavior in Australia has been marked and easily observable over the last few years ... Exhibitionists , generally in drunken stupor , invaded the pitches ... attempted to run the gauntlet of policemen patrolling the perimeter . When they intruded upon the playing area to congratulate their heros , their sincereity extended to trying to steal their caps or snitching a bail or stump whilst the umpire was distracted by his concern for the pitch ... umpire Brooks and an intruder clashed physically in the centre of the Test pitch . The invader was sent sprawling in the centre of the wicket by an exesperated umpire , who was no doubt unwise to intrude into the domain of law and order .
Frank Tyson
The unruliness of the crowd was readily apparent in 1974-75 as Australia beat England at home for the first time in 16 years they were more excitable than previously . `` In the background the crowd , lusting for more blood and guts , stirred the embers of controversy chanting for 'Lillee , Lillee ' '' and the MCG was compared to the Colosseum or the World Cup . Australian drinking laws allowed alcohol to be sold in the grounds even when it was banned outside and in the heat many spectators became drunk . In the Third Test at Melbourne two supporters climbed the picket fence and reached the wicket before Brooks decided to physically remove one , which damaged the wicket . At Sydney in the Fourth Test Rick McCosker was disturbed by the rumpus from the notorious Sydney Hill , its members pelted Tony Greig with food and cans ( some containing urine ) and later did the same to the scoreboard . One full can hit Greig on the back , and Brooks had to intervene to calm them down and have the field cleared of rubbish before play could resume .
Other Decisions
Walker stole a single to mid-off and with his eye fixed exclusively on the swooping fieldsman , Denness , hurtled blindly towards the bowler 's wicket . Umpire Brooks , too , was concentrating on the ball and fieldsman whilst moving towards the off side and was skittled by the batsman who flung himself in the direction of safety with little or no consideration for the safety of others . Walker beat Denness 's return to the wicket , but at the cost of a collision between the immovable mass and the irresistible force . Umpire Brooks , having been a first class bowler in his day was a man of some substance , and pound for pound was a good match for the burly Walker . Umpire and bowler toppled slowly to the ground and ... resumed their upright position slowly ...
Frank Tyson
In the Third Test at Melbourne Tony Greig was controversially run out when England were 157/6 . Ian Chappell had thrown the ball in from the boundary as Greig was completing his third run and Marsh caught the ball and smashed the stumps as the 6 ' 7 '' South African reached for the crease with his long handled bat . Photographs later showed that he had just made his ground , but Bailhache gave him out and Greig refused to go until rudely told to leave by Greg Chappell . In the Fifth Test at the Adelaide Oval Max Walker hit what looked like an easy two only to end up at the same end as Lillee as Mike Denness threw down the stumps after a fine pickup . Lillee tried to walk to keep Walker in as he was the better batsman , but Dennis Amiss insisted that Walker was the man to go as Lillee has not left his ground and the umpire agreed . Walker had trouble again ( see the above quote ) in the Sixth Test at Melbourne : the burly Tasmanian ran straight into Umpire Brooks trying to avoid a run out that sent both to the ground , but Walker survived with his wicket intact . In the Third Test at Melbourne John Edrich tried to glance a ball from Ashley Mallett and was caught by Rod Marsh for 49 . Bailhache gave him out , though the batsmen later said he had missed and the ball had come off his pads .
References
Bibliography
Patrick Eagar and Graeme Wright , Test Decade 1972/1982 ' , World 's Work Ltd , 1982
Tom Graveney and Norman Miller , The Ten Greatest Test Teams , Sidgewick and Jackson , 1988
E.W . Swanton , Swanton in Australia with MCC 1946–75 , Fontant , 1977
Frank Tyson , Test of Nerves , Test series 1974-75 Australia versus England , Manark Pty Ltd , 1975
Bob Willis and Patrick Murphy , Starting With Grace , A Pictorial Celebration of Cricket 1864-1986 , 1986
Annual reviews
Playfair Cricket Annual 1971
Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack 1971
Further reading
Peter Arnold , The Illustrated Encyclopaedia of World of Cricket , W.H . Smith , 1985
Mark Browning , Rod Marsh : A Life in Cricket , Rosenberg Publishing , 2003
Ian Brayshaw , The Chappell Era , ABC Enterprises , 1984
Ian Chappell and Ashley Mallett , Hitting Out : The Ian Chappell Story , Orion , 2006
Colin Cowdrey , M. C. C. The Autobiography of a Cricketer , Coronet Books , 1977
Bill Frindall , The Wisden Book of Test Cricket 1877–1978 , Wisden , 1979
Colin Firth , Pageant of Cricket , The MacMillan Company of Australia,1987
Chris Harte , A History of Australian Cricket , Andre Deutsch , 1993
Ken Kelly and David Lemmon , Cricket Reflections : Five Decades of Cricket Photographs , Heinemann , 1985
Dennis Lillee , Lillee , My Life in Cricket , Methuen Australia , 1982
Dennis Lillee , Menace : the Autobiography , Headline Book Publishing , 2003
Ashley Mallett , Rowdy , Lynton Publications , 1973
Ashley Mallett , Spin Out , Garry Sparke & Associates , 1977
Ashley Mallett , One Of A Kind : The Doug Walters Story , Orion , 2009
Rod Marsh , The Gloves of Irony , Pan , 1999
Adrian McGregor , Greg Chappell , Collins , 1985
Mark Peel , The Last Roman : A Biography of Colin Cowdrey , Andre Deutsch Ltd , 1999
Ray Robinson , On Top Down Under , Cassell , 1975
E.W . Swanton ( ed ) , The Barclays World of Cricket , Collins , 1986
Huw Turbervill , The Toughest Tour : The Ashes Away Series : 1946 to 2007 , Aurum Press Ltd , 2010
Derek Underwood , Beating the Bat : An Autobiography , S.Paul , 1975
Bob Willis , Lasting the Pace , Collins , 1985
Video
Allan Border and David Gower , The Best Of The Ashes – 1970–1987 '' , 2 Entertain Video , 1991
1974 in Australian cricket
1974 in English cricket
1975 in Australian cricket
1975 in English cricket
1974
Cricket umpiring
Nandidae , the leaffish , are a family of small freshwater fishes which some authorities classify in the order Anabantiformes , but which the 5th edition of Fishes of the World classifies the family and the related Badidae and Pristolepididae outside that order as `` sister-taxa '' . Fishes of the World classified these families and the Anabantiformes alongside Synbranchiformes , Carangiformes , Istiophoriformes and Pleuronectiformes in a monophyletic clade which is a sister taxon to the Ovalentaria but to which the authors do not assign a rank or a name . According to FishBase , the family includes three genera : Nandus of South and Southeast Asia with several species , and the monotypic Afronandus and Polycentropsis of tropical West and Middle Africa . Most recent authorities place the two African genera in the South American leaffish family , Polycentridae , which is only distantly related to Nandus ( the `` true '' Nandidae ) . Another Asian family , Pristolepididae , share the common name leaffish and appear to be more closely related .
These fish usually have a coloration that appears to have evolved to resemble dead leaves , and very large protractile mouths . Those features , along with their peculiar movements ( seemingly intended to resemble a leaf innocently moving through the water ) help them to catch fairly large prey compared to their body size , including small fish , aquatic insects , and other invertebrates . They tend to stay in one place and wait for prey ; they are `` lie-in-wait '' predators .
Their odd , leaf-like appearance and unusual behavior make them interesting to aquarium hobbyists .
Genera
There are three genera in the family :
Afronandus Meinken , 1955
Nandus Valenciennes , 1831
Polycentropsis Boulenger , 1901
See also
List of fish families
References
Who Do You Think You Are ? is a Canadian television documentary series , which aired on CBC Television during the 2007-2008 television season . It was on Thursday evenings at 7:30 p.m. starting October 11 , 2007 . Based on the earlier BBC series Who Do You Think You Are ? , each episode profiled a Canadian celebrity tracing their family tree . The series was announced in June 2007 as part of CBC 's schedule for the 2007–2008 season . In April 2008 it was announced that CBC had cancelled the show .
Celebrities profiled included Don Cherry , Chantal Kreviazuk , Shaun Majumder , Sonja Smits , Randy Bachman , Mary Walsh , Margot Kidder , Lewis MacKenzie , Steven Page , Avi Lewis , Margaret Trudeau , Scott Thompson and Measha Brueggergosman .
After a four-year absence , the show was rebroadcast during the 2012–13 season with guest host Jeff Douglas . However , only 7 of the original 13 episodes were rebroadcast : Cherry , Kreviazuk , Page , Bachman , Trudeau , Majumder , and Bruegergosman .
Episodes
The list of twelve of the thirteen participants in season 1 was announced in late June 2007 . Locations visited in the first season include India , Poland , Republic of Ireland , the Netherlands , Germany , Singapore , England and France , and the U.S. cities of Pittsburgh and New York City .
Reception
In reviewing the first episode The Gazette says , `` Who Do You Think You Are ? is a stirring , thought-provoking look at what it means to be Canadian . ''
The Ottawa Citizen noted that Thursday nights are the most competitive time of the week for broadcast networks and that many of the most-watched shows are on that night . They continue , `` If you 're looking for something a little out of the ordinary , though , give Who Do You Think You Are ? a chance . You may be pleasantly surprised by what you find . ''
As part of announcing the show 's return CBC reported that the first season had an average audience through the first nine episodes of 708,000 viewers and that the audience skewed towards females and those with post-secondary education .
References
External links
Who Do You Think You Are ?
CBC Television original programming
2007 Canadian television series debuts
2008 Canadian television series endings
2000s Canadian documentary television series
English-language television shows
Television series about family history
The rule of thirds is a rule of thumb used when planning for the deployment and usage of a military organisation , according to which one third of the total military forces involved should be available for operations , one third should be preparing for operations , and the final third , having been on operations , should be recuperating . Ideally , units and individuals regularly will rotate through each of the three phases .
Variations and implications
Different nations and militaries will vary the rule of thirds according to their own financial and manpower situations .
At times of financial constraint , rather than increasing the total number of forces , one temptation of politicians is to attempt to increase available manpower by folding together the preparation and recuperation phases , creating a rule of halves . A rule of halves was actually the basis of British Army planning during the British Empire , with each regiment consisting of a pair of battalions which would take turns recruiting , training and recuperating in the UK , and then being deployed overseas . However , because of the nature of transportation in the past , each of the phases at that time were longer ( being a year or more ) than is currently the case . Departing from a three-phase rotation for short periods is not impossible , but prolonged deployment is detrimental both to the psychological health of service personnel , and to the operational life of equipment , leading to an unwanted turnover in personnel , and to premature failure of equipment . For those military operations that are able to afford it , going to a four- or five-phase rotation schedule actually increases a nation 's ability to conduct sustained military operations , even though it may appear that the majority of its servicemen are not doing anything .
As a critical cornerstone of their defence policies , the British and French submarine-launched ballistic missile forces uses a rule of fourths , where one submarine is on patrol , one is preparing to go on patrol , one returns from patrol , and the fourth is in maintenance . This force structure ensures that they will always have at least one ballistic missile boat on patrol at any one time .
The United States , in order to keep the maximum number of its submarines available at any one time , assigns two crews , called gold and blue , to each of its submarines , with the submarines themselves having a turnaround time that is as short as possible . However , the United States is one of the few nations that can afford both the manpower costs of doing this , while still being able to ensure that enough boats are in service to have the ability regularly to stagger boats out for deep maintenance without appreciably affecting the total number available .
References
Military economics
Military planning
Jobe 's test , also known as empty can test , is an orthopedic examination used to test stability of the shoulder .
Purpose
The purpose of this test is to determine instability for the shoulder . This test should be performed bilaterally to compare stability of both right and left shoulder joints .
Procedure
The patient is to lie supine on the table . They are to place their shoulder at 90° abduction . The elbow should be flexed at 90° . The examiner should stand beside the patient with distal hand holding the patient 's wrist and hand . The examiner 's proximal hand is to be placed over the patient 's humeral head . The examiner applies a posterior force to the humeral head and externally rotates the patients humerus .
Mechanism
The examiner applies a posterior force to the humeral head and externally rotates the patients humerus .
Results
A decrease in pain or apprehension or an increase in range of motion is a positive sign for anterior instability . Anterior pain may be caused by laxity in anterior ligaments or capsular structures or a tear of the labrum . Posterior pain may be caused from internal impingement of the posterior capsular or labrum .
History
Jobe 's test is a physical exam test that is used to detect anterior shoulder instability . It is used to distinguish between anterior instability and primary shoulder impingement . This test should be performed after the Apprehension test . This test was named for Christopher Jobe .
References
Shoulder
Physical examination
Shady Grove is an unincorporated community in Greene County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
EuroBancshares , Inc. ( commonly known as Eurobank ) was a financial holding company located in San Juan , Puerto Rico . On April 30 , 2010 , the bank failed and its deposits and assets were seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) . Its deposits and assets were subsequently sold to Oriental Bank and Trust .
EuroBank used to offer financial and insurance services in Puerto Rico through its wholly owned subsidiaries Eurobank Puerto Rico and EuroSeguros , respectively . Founded on December 4 , 1979 , under the name of Española de Finanzas Trust Company , it grew into a billion dollar financial institution , eventually operating through a network of 21 branches in 2005 . Its headquarters were located at 270 Muñoz Rivera Avenue , near the Golden Mile District or `` Milla de Oro '' of Hato Rey , San Juan .
Summary
Over the years , the name of the institution changed on various occasions . In 1988 , after 9 years of operating under the name Española de Finanzas Trust Company , its name was changed to First Community Trust Company . In 1990 , following the change in business strategy to lending activities focused on lines of credit to businesses and business loans to individuals of high net worth , the company changed its name to Eurobank & Trust Company . The company changed its name to EuroBancshares shortly thereafter . In view of the rapidly expanding residential home mortgage market in Puerto Rico , Eurobank established a Mortgage Division in late quarter 1999 . However , after the late 2000s financial crisis occurred , the company suffered adversely , and on April 30 , 2010 , its deposits and assets were seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) .
Subsidiaries
Eurobank Puerto Rico
Euromortgage
Euroleasing
EuroSeguros
Competitors ( in Puerto Rico )
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico
Banco Santander
Citibank
Doral Bank
FirstBank
Oriental Financial Group , Inc .
RG Premier Bank
Scotiabank
Westernbank
References
Banks of Puerto Rico
Companies based in San Juan , Puerto Rico
Banks disestablished in 2010
Bank failures
Defunct banks of the United States
Defunct companies of Puerto Rico
Banks established in 1979
1979 establishments in Puerto Rico
2010 disestablishments in Puerto Rico
Dorothy Carrington Thompson CBE ( born November 1960 ) is a British businesswoman ; until 2017 she was CEO of Drax Group , a FTSE 250 Index electrical power generation company , and is now non-executive chairman of Tullow Oil , and a director of Eaton Corporation plc .
Early life
Dorothy Carrington Thompson was born in November 1960 . She received a BSc ( 1983 ) and MSc in Economics from the London School of Economics .
Career
She was CEO of Drax Group from September 2005 to December 2017 . Prior to joining Drax , she was assistant group treasurer for Powergen plc , and before that , head of European business at InterGen NV .
In August 2014 , she was appointed a non-executive director of the Bank of England .
Honours
In the 2014 Birthday Honours , she was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire .
References
1960 births
Living people
Alumni of the London School of Economics
British chief executives in the energy industry
British corporate directors
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Women corporate directors
Eskiköseler , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Giovanni Cuomo ( Salerno , 23 December 1874 – 24 March 1948 ) was an Italian politician , lawyer and teacher .
Life
Born in Salerno in 1874 , Cuomo since teenager followed ideals of liberalism & nationalism . He graduated as lawyer in 1905
He was elected deputy for the first time November 16 , 1919 in XXV Legislature of the Kingdom of Italy and was a member of the Standing Committee for Public Education . Re-elected in XXVI Legislature , he was faithful to the liberal line of Giovanni Amendola .
After the onset of Fascism , he decided to retire from active political life to dedicate himself to his lawyer career and to teaching . But , after the fall of Mussolini and the end of the regime , he was called in 1943 first as Secretary and then as Minister of National Education in the first Badoglio government , during the constitutional transition .
In 1944 obtained the creation of the Magistero faculty in Salerno , that was the first development of the University of Salerno ( that was created after WW2 ) : it is considered as the `` continuation '' of the historical Schola Medica Salernitana .
Giovanni Cuomo was elected `` senator '' in 1946 and died in his Salerno in 1948 .
His personal library is preserved as a special collection in the University of Salerno Central Library E.R . Caianiello and consists of over 11000 volumes .
Main works
Literary writings
Law & historical books
References
Bibliography
Bonani , Vittoria . Giovanni Cuomo e il suo tempo : 1943-1948 Gaia Ed . Salerno , 2007
External links
Giovanni Cuomo in SHARE Catalogue
1874 births
1948 deaths
20th-century Italian lawyers
Italian politicians
Italian educators
Place of birth missing
National Order of Merit may refer to :
National Order of Merit ( Algeria )
National Order of Merit ( Bhutan )
National Order of Merit ( Brazil )
National Order of Merit ( Ecuador )
Ordre national du Mérite ( France )
National Order of Merit ( Gabon )
National Order of Merit ( Guinea )
National Order of Merit ( Malta )
National Order of Merit ( Mauritania )
National Order of Merit ( Paraguay )
National Order of Merit ( Romania )
See also
Order of merit ( disambiguation )
Zorica ( Cyrillic script : Зорица ) is a feminine given name . Notable people with the name include :
Zorica Dimitrijević-Stošić , Serbian pianist , accompanist , Full Professor of Piano at the Faculty of Music in Belgrade
Zorica Ðurković ( born 1957 ) , former basketball player
Zorica Jevremović Munitić ( born 1948 ) , theatre and video director , playwright , choreographer
Zorica Pantic ( born c. 1951 ) , college administrator and professor of electrical engineering
Zorica Pavićević ( born 1956 ) , former Yugoslav handball player
Zorica Vojinović ( born 1958 ) , former Yugoslav/Serbian handball player
Zorica ( princess )
Slavic feminine given names
Serbian feminine given names
The 1911–12 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 4th since its establishment .
Overview
King 's Own Rifiles won the championship .
References
RSSSF
1911-12
1911–12 domestic association football leagues
1911 in Hong Kong
1912 in Hong Kong
The Bundeswehr Command and Staff College ( , FüAkBw ) is the General Staff College ( Senior Military Academy ) of the German armed forces , the Bundeswehr , established in 1957 as the successor of the Prussian Military Academy , founded in 1810 . Since 1958 it is located in Hamburg . Its motto is `` Mens agitat molem '' , which translates to `` Mind moves Matter '' . Being the leading educational institution of the German armed forces , the academy is internationally renowned for its excellence . The academy educates the future elite of not only the German armed forces but also of other member states of the European Union and NATO .
Education
The National General/Admiral Staff Officer Course ( NGASOC ) is considered to be the most challenging and hardest course . The two-year course is attended usually by 100 national and international participants from Army , Air Force , Navy , Central Medical Service , Armed Forces Logistic Services and Cyber-Information Services . It educates , teaches and qualifies future general/admiral staff military officers . A particular characteristic of the course is that it specifically focuses on the strategic and tactical aspects of war and educationally prepares officers for assignments as military leaders . It provides an excellent comprehensive , multifaceted focus at the theater-strategic level across the military spectrum of Joint and land force operations during peace , crisis , and war . The program includes classroom studies of strategy , regional studies , joint operations , strategic leadership , and modern conflict . It intends to lecture officers in military arts and science and focuses on operational art and covers a variety of subjects , including military problem-solving ; military theory and history , military doctrine , operational planning ; battle dynamics , operational theory and practice , contemporary military operations , and the application of national elements of power . As a result , high-level military officers including the German Ministry of Defence refer to the course as being a think tank . Complementary to the core modules of the course a master can be achieved ( Master in Military Leadership and International Security/ Militärische Führung und Internationale Sicherheit ) .
The International General/Admiral Staff Officer Course ( IGASOC ) is a one-year course prepares international officers from non-NATO member states for general staff officer functions . As of 2014 , about 2,400 officers from 120 nations , including 25 % German students , have been educated at the IGASOC in Hamburg since its inception in 1962 . The course body comprises three-quarters of international field-grade officers from non-NATO member states from all continents . One-quarter are of German field-grade officers in the rank of major and lieutenant colonel .
The Field Officer Basic Course ( FOBC ) is a four month course consisting of planning and organizational modules , public law and social sciences . For all line officers in the rank of major and lieutenant colonel in the Army , Air Force and Navy this course is the first part of their field-grade officer training .
The academy also offers a series of Certified Short Courses ( Seminare ) for active members of the German and international armed forces as well as the German Army Reserve on military field-grade officer-level . This is for all line officers in the rank from major until colonel . One course is exclusive for general and flag officers . These short courses are clustered in five so-called Training Fields and run between a few days up to three weeks on a full-time basis and include on-campus accommodation . Topics covered range from building military leadership competencies , complexity management skills , and the relationships and interactions between the state , security , and the military . Alongside military personnel .
Alumni
Between 1962 and 1999 , ca . 800 officers from more than 80 nations were educated at the academy . Many former students have been appointed to high military positions in their respective countries after their studies .
Former commander of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda ( FDLR ) Sylvestre Mudacumura
Pakistani General Khalid Shameem Wynne
Pakistani Major General Raza Muhammad
Pakistan Major General Tariq Ghafoor
Pakistan Major General Shaukat Iqbal
Sri Lankan Major General Devinda Kalupahana
Dutch Brigadier General Leanne van den Hoek
Pakistani Commodore Shahid Azmat Wain
Pakistan Brigadier Humair Mehmood Ghazi
Norwegian Rear admiral Atle Torbjørn Karlsvik
Norwegian Chief of Defence , General Harald Sunde
Germany Commander Joint Force Command Brunssum , General Hans-Lothar Domröse
Germany ( former ) Chairman of the NATO Military Committee , General Klaus Naumann
Indonesian Armed Forces General Faisal Tanjung .
Indonesian Air Force Air Marshal Herman Prayitno .
Former Commander of Turkish Gendarmerie , Eşref Bitlis
Former Chief of Army Staff of the Royal Nepalese Army , Satchit Rana
References
External links
Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr
Educational institutions established in 1957
Bundeswehr
Universities and colleges in Hamburg
Buildings and structures in Altona , Hamburg
Military academies of Germany
Staff colleges
1957 establishments in Germany
The 1926 Columbus Tigers season was their seventh and final season in the league . The team improved on their previous output of 0–9 , winning one game . They finished nineteenth in the league .
Schedule
Standings
References
Columbus Tigers seasons
Columbus Tigers
Columbus Tigers
Liberdade Square ( Liberty or Freedom Square ; ) is a square in the city of Porto , Portugal . It is located in Santo Ildefonso parish , in the lower town ( Baixa ) area . The square is continuous on its north side with the Avenida dos Aliados , an important avenue of the city .
History
The square has its origins in the beginning of the 18th century . It was in 1718 that a project for the urbanisation of the area begun , which resulted in the creation of new streets and an ample square , known as Praça Nova ( New Square ) . The square was initially limited by the medieval walls of the city and by urban palaces , all of which are now lost .
After 1788 , the religious order of Saint Eligius ( known as Lóios , in Portuguese ) built a convent on the south side of the square that replaced the medieval wall ; the imposing Neoclassical façade of the convent , nowadays known as the Cardosas Palace ( Palácio das Cardosas ) is the oldest extant building of the square , dominating the south side of the square for over 200 years .
During the 19th century , several factors increased the importance of the square . The municipality moved to a building on the north side of the square after 1819 , and towards the end of the century facilities like the D. Luís Bridge ( 1887 ) and São Bento Train Station ( 1896 ) were opened nearby . Liberdade Square was a political , economical and social centre for Porto .
In 1866 a monument dedicated to King Peter IV , a monarch closely linked to Porto , was inaugurated in the middle of the square . The monument , by French sculptor Anatole Calmels , consists of a statue of Peter IV riding a horse and holding the Constitution that he had fought to protect during the Liberal Wars .
The appearance of the square was much altered after 1916 , when the municipality building was demolished and the Avenida dos Aliados , a modern boulevard , was built to the north of the square . The buildings around Liberdade Square and the avenues are occupied by banks , hotels , restaurants and offices . It is an important tourist attraction of the city .
Points of interest
Monument to Pedro IV
Banco de Portugal
Palace of Cardosas
See also
Ribeira Square
References
Liberdade Square and surrounding area in the Portuguese Institute for Architectonic Heritage .
Squares in Porto
Charles W. Root ( October 5 , 1899 – January 2 , 1968 ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Root was raised in Centralia , Illinois . He received his bachelor 's degree from University of Michigan and his law degree from University of Minnesota Law School . Root lived in Minneapolis , Minnesota with his wife and family and practiced law in Minneapolis . Root served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1945 to 1950 and in the Minnesota Senate in 1951 and 1952 .
References
1899 births
1968 deaths
People from Centralia , Illinois
Lawyers from Minneapolis
Politicians from Minneapolis
University of Michigan alumni
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota state senators
DDO 44 ( or UGCA 133 ) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy in the M81 Group , believed to be a satellite galaxy of the nearby NGC 2403 .
Structure
DDO 44 is a relatively large dwarf galaxy , and it has been observed to possess a tidal tail extending at least 50,000 parsecs from its center . It has an estimated metallicity ( [ Fe/H ] ) of -1.54 ± 0.14 . Due to its proximity and relative velocity to the larger NGC 2403 , it is believed to be NGC 2403 's satellite galaxy . Stellar streams have been observed to originate from DDO 44 , flowing towards and away for NGC 2403 , indicating tidal disruptions . Around 20 percent of the galaxy 's stars are believed to be of intermediate age ( between 2-8 Gya ) , with the most recent stellar formation being estimated at 300 Mya due to a lack of young bright blue stars . This lack of bright stars caused DDO 44 to have a relatively low level of brightness .
It is located approximately 3 million parsecs away from the Milky Way , and 79 arcminutes towards north-northwest from NGC 2403 ( or approximately 75 kpc ) . Mass estimates based on luminosity measurements give a galactic mass of 2×107–6×107 M☉ . This makes DDO 44 by far NGC 2403 's most massive known satellite galaxy , with the other known satellite galaxy ( MADCASH J074238+652501-dw ) having a mass of just ~105 M☉ . HI observations place an upper limit for DDO 44 's hydrogen gas mass at 4×105 M☉ .
References
Bibliography
Dwarf spheroidal galaxies
M81 Group
UGCA objects
Camelopardalis ( constellation )
Deborah Graham may refer to :
Debbie Graham ( born 1970 ) , American tennis player
Deborah L. Graham ( born 1966 ) , member of the Chicago City Council
Bittersweet July is the second extended play ( EP ) by American recording artist Dev , released on September 23 , 2014 by her own record label Rica Lyfe Records . It is her first project released since her debut studio album The Night the Sun Came Up ( 2011 ) . Dev worked mainly with NanosauR , followed by Benny Cassette and Peter Wade ( MNDR ) . `` Honey Dip '' was released as the lead single from Bittersweet July on November 5 , 2014 .
The EP was followed by a second part , Bittersweet July , Pt . 2 , released on December 15 , 2014 . The two EPs will subsequently put together in one album .
Composition
Bittersweet July is primarily an electropop EP , which incorporates influences of several different genres such as hip hop , dance music and electronica .
The EP starts with the first single `` Honey Dip '' , a synthpop song with rap verses before the chorus , sung with a style called by the critics `` talked singing '' . The next song `` Feel It '' runs through an electronic tinged house beats mixed with influences of 90s music produced by Peter Wade from MNDR . The third song `` Baby , We Go '' is an electronic song that contains influences of teen-pop music , about the meaning of the song Dev said `` 'It 's a song about almost losing the chance to be with someone we love . But we realize we 're better together than apart . '' The album 's fourth track , `` Kids '' is an electronic pop song produced by NanosauR whose robotic sound are a strong reminder to the early works of the singer , it was released as the promotional single on August 11 , 2014 . The fifth track is `` Who Needs A Heart '' , another teen-pop song with influences of dance music .
Track listing
Bittersweet July , Pt . 2
Bittersweet July , Pt . 2 is the third extended play ( EP ) by American recording artist Dev , released on December 15 , 2014 by Rica Lyfe Records . It serves as a follow up to part 1 . Dev this time worked exclusively with NanosauR , who helmed the production of the entire EP . The songs from the EP feature an overall dark appearance ( a stark contrast from the first part ) and a heavily electronic dance-influenced sound . `` Parade '' was released as the lead single from Bittersweet July , Pt . 2 on March 24 , 2015 .
Composition
The EP starts with `` You Want Me '' , a psychedelic electronic song which was defined as a darker , crazier version of `` Dark Horse '' by Katy Perry . It is followed by `` Gimmie Some '' , an electronic ballad with influences of 1990s music and continuous swinging synth bass produced by Peter Wade of MNDR as well as `` Feel It '' from part 1 . The third track , `` Parade '' , is a rapped song showing low distorted bass similar to those of Dev previous hits Like A G6 and Bass Down Low ; it was released as the official single with a video on VEVO on March 24 , 2015 . `` Celebrate The Weekend '' is characterized by high sung chorus and a strongly computerized pre-chorus . The last track , `` The Night Is Young '' is equipped of autotune effects and button-based stems . It was released as the countdown promotional single on December 5 , 2014 .
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2014 EPs
Young Man with a Horn is a 1950 American musical drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Kirk Douglas , Lauren Bacall , Doris Day , Hoagy Carmichael , and Juano Hernandez . It was based on the 1938 novel of the same name by Dorothy Baker inspired by the life of
Bix Beiderbecke , the jazz cornetist . The film was produced by Jerry Wald . The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman and Edmund H. North .
Plot
As a young boy , after his mother dies , Rick Martin sees a trumpet in the window of a pawn shop . He works in a bowling alley to save up enough money to buy it . Rick grows up to be an outstanding musician ( adult Rick played by Kirk Douglas ) , tutored by jazzman Art Hazzard ( Juano Hernandez ) . He lands a job playing for Jack Chandler 's big band , getting to know piano player Smoke Willoughby ( Hoagy Carmichael ) and beautiful singer Jo Jordan ( Doris Day ) . Jack orders him to always play the music exactly as written . Rick prefers to improvise , and one night , during a break with Jack 's band , he leads an impromptu jam session , which gets him fired .
Jo has fallen for Rick and finds him a job in New York with a dance orchestra . One night , her friend Amy North ( Lauren Bacall ) accompanies her to hear Rick play . Amy , studying to be a psychiatrist , is a complicated young woman still disturbed by her own mother 's suicide . Though she claims to be incapable of feeling love , she and Rick begin an affair , which consumes him so completely he begins to neglect his old friends . Jo eventually tries to warn him against getting too involved with Amy , suggesting that she will hurt him because of her mental health , only for Amy to stun her by telling her that she and Rick have already married .
Amy does not enjoy Rick 's music and is not interested in his career , focusing on her own psychiatry studies . Rarely together because of their demanding schedules , they begin to quarrel and Amy sometimes does not even come home at night . All this affects Rick profoundly ; his mood deteriorates and he begins drinking . Art finds him in a bar and tries gently to offer advice and help . Rick feels guilty about neglecting their friendship but takes his frustrations out on Art , this man who has done so much for him . Unbeknownst to Rick , Art is struck by a car after leaving the bar and is severely injured . Later , arriving late for his job at the club , Rick hears about Art and rushes to the hospital . Before he can see him , however , he is told that Art has died .
At home , Rick finds Amy restlessly playing piano after failing her final exams ; she is considering either trying again or going to Paris to become a painter . She admits to Rick that she only married him because she is jealous of the security he has in knowing what he is good at and being able to do it ; and rejects his attempts at comfort . The next night , after Art 's funeral , Rick returns home at the end of a cocktail party Amy has thrown ; she is drunk and angry at him for not showing up to meet her friends . They argue viciously and he tells her she is sick and should see a doctor , and leaves her .
Now an alcoholic , Rick gets fired from the orchestra and neglects his music . At a recording session with Smoke and Jo , he plays erratically and loses control of his instrument , trying to reach a magic note he has dreamed of . He destroys his horn and drops out of sight , wandering aimlessly , getting thrown out of bars . One night , he collapses in the street and a cab driver takes him to an alcoholic sanitarium . He has pneumonia , however , and the officials there call Smoke , who arranges for Rick to be moved to a hospital . Jo hurries to his side and helps him recover his health , and both his love of music and of her .
Cast
Kirk Douglas as Rick Martin
Lauren Bacall as Amy North
Doris Day as Jo Jordan
Hoagy Carmichael as Willie 'Smoke ' Willoughby
Juano Hernández as Art Hazzard
Jerome Cowan as Phil Morrison
Mary Beth Hughes as Marge Martin
Nestor Paiva as Louis Galba
Walter Reed as Jack Chandler
Jean Spangler as an uncredited extra
Subtext
The film is notable as being an example of a film noir with a central character who is bisexual . In the Baker novel , Amy is described as having lesbian tendencies , and using the usual Hollywood connotative methods and hints to circumvent the Motion Picture Production Code , this is also implied in the film . Regarding Jo , Amy says : `` It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and know just which door you 're going to walk through . She 's so terribly normal . ''
Production notes
Composer-pianist Hoagy Carmichael , playing the sidekick role , added realism to the film and gave Kirk Douglas an insight into the role , being a friend of the real Beiderbecke . Famed trumpeter Harry James performed the music Douglas is shown playing on screen .
In her authorized biography , Doris Day described her experience making the film as `` utterly joyless '' , as she had not found working with Douglas to be pleasant . In the book , Douglas said that he felt her ever-cheerful persona was only a `` mask '' and he had never been able to get to know the real person underneath . Day countered that while Douglas had been `` civil '' , he was too self-centered to make any real attempt to get to know either her or anyone else .
The happy ending of the film was found neither in the novel nor in the life of Bix Beiderbecke .
Reception
According to The New York Times , `` banalities of the script are quite effectively glossed over in the slick pictorial smoothness of Michael Curtiz 's direction and the exciting quality of the score . The result is that there is considerable good entertainment in Young Man With a Horn despite the production 's lack of balance . ''
In spite of the screenplay , the Times praised the performances of Douglas , Day , and Carmichael , but noted `` the unseen star of the picture is Harry James , the old maestro himself , who supplies the tingling music , which flows wildly , searchingly , and forlornly from Rick Martin 's beloved horn . This is an instance where the soundtrack is more than a complementary force . It is the very soul of the picture because if it were less provocative and compelling , the staleness of the drama could be stultifying . ''
Radio adaptation
Young Man with a Horn was presented on Lux Radio Theatre March 3 , 1952 . Kirk Douglas recreated his role from the film . The one-hour adaptation also starred Jo Stafford and Patrice Wymore .
See also
List of American films of 1950
References
External links
1950 films
1950s musical drama films
1950s biographical films
American musical drama films
Films based on American novels
American biographical drama films
Biographical films about musicians
1950s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films based on biographies
Jazz films
Films directed by Michael Curtiz
Films scored by Ray Heindorf
Films with screenplays by Carl Foreman
Films adapted into radio programs
Cultural depictions of jazz musicians
Films about alcoholism
Films à clef
1950 drama films
1950s American films
Rolland Leslie `` Rolly '' Tasker AM ( 21 March 192622 June 2012 ) was an Australian sailor who won Australia 's first Olympic sailing medal , at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne . He and Malcolm ( Huck ) Scott won a silver medal in their 12m2 Sharpie after the New Zealander Peter Mander failed to disqualify himself and Rolly had not officially protested . In 1958 Tasker won the Flying Dutchman World Championship .
From 1969 to 1985 Tasker dominated ocean racing in Western Australia with five sister yachts all called Siska . In the 1978 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race , Siska IV was denied official starter status on a technicality . Tasker started five minutes ahead of the fleet and crossed the finish line 20 hours ahead of line honours winner Apollo . He won numerous other ocean racing events in his career including taking line honours and first place in the Queen Victoria Cup off Cowes , England . He competed in the disastrous 1979 Fastnet race , finishing third across the line . In the Parmelia Yacht Race from Plymouth to Fremantle in 1979 , he finished second in the line honours race , and was the fastest yacht for each of the two legs .
Tasker was inducted into the Western Australian Hall of Champions in 1986 and the Sport Australian Hall of Fame in 1996 . He became a Member of the Order of Australia in 2006 for his services to sailing .
He operated a sail-making business based in Phuket , Thailand called Rolly Tasker Sails .
In April 2008 Tasker opened the Australian Sailing Museum in Mandurah , Western Australia , with exhibits of the America 's Cup races from 1851 and famous sailors from Australian sailing competitions . Twelve lifelike icons of the sailing world form part of the display , along with over 200 model yacht fleet class examples on a scale 1 '' to the foot .
His biography , Sailing to the Moon was published in 2008 . It is written by Roland Perry and describes Tasker 's extensive sailing and business activities .
In 2017 , he was an inaugural inductee in the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame .
References
External links
Rolly Tasker AM at the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame
( archive 2 ) ( archive 3 )
1926 births
2012 deaths
Australian male sailors ( sport )
Olympic sailors of Australia
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Members of the Order of Australia
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – 12 m2 Sharpies
Sailors at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Flying Dutchman class world champions
World champions in sailing for Australia
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Sportsmen from Western Australia
Sportspeople from Perth , Western Australia
Sailmakers
Jónas Kristjánsson ( 5 February 1940 – 29 June 2018 ) was an Icelandic writer , newspaper journalist and editor . He was one of the most influential people in the Icelandic newspaper history during the second half of the 20th century and was one of the strongest spokespersons for moving the newspapers publications away from the political parties .
Early life
Jónas was born in Reykjavík , Iceland , to Kristján Jónasson , a doctor , and Anna Pétursdóttir , a bookkeeper . His grandfather was Jónas Kristjánsson , a former member of Alþingi and the founder of Náttúrulækningafélag Íslands . Jónas graduated from Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík in 1959 and from the University of Iceland in 1966 .
Career
Jónas was a journalist for Tíminn from 1961 to 1964 and then the editor of Vísir until 1975 . Jónas founded the Dagblaðið with others after a conflict in the ownership group of Vísir on his editorial policy . The establishment of Dagblaðið marked a major breakthrough in the publication of newspapers in Iceland as it was the first major paper to be independent of political parties . In 1981 , Dagblaðið merged with Vísir to form Dagblaðið Vísir , or DV for short , with Jónas serving there as editor until 2001 . In 2002 he was the editor of Fréttablaðið and in 2003 he returned to the DV as a columnist . In 2005 he was again hired as the editor of DV before leaving the post for good in 2006 . From 2006 to 2008 he taught journalism at University of Iceland .
Personal life
Jónas married Kristín Halldórsdóttir on 24 December 1963 and together they had four children . Kristín , who was a member of Alþingi from 1983 to 1989 and 1995–1999 , died on 14 July 2016 .
Death
Jónas died on 29 June 2018 on the cardiology department of the National University Hospital of Iceland .
References
External links
jonas.is
1940 births
2018 deaths
Jonas Kristjansson
Jonas Kristjansson
Jonas Kristjansson
20th-century male writers
Cornelia Bowen ( 1865-1934 ) was an African American teacher and school founder from Alabama . She was in the first graduating class of the Tuskegee Institute and went on to found the Mount Meigs Colored Institute as well as the Mt . Meigs Negro Boys ' Reformatory . Based on the principles of the Tuskegee Institute , where she was trained , Bowen created industrial schools to teach students to thrive from their own industry . She was a member of both the state and national Colored Women 's Federated Clubs and served as an officer of both organizations . She also was elected as the first woman president of the Alabama Negro Teacher 's Association .
Early life
Cornelia Bowen was born September 24 , 1865 near Tuskegee , Alabama on the plantation owned by Colonel William B. Bowen , to Sophia ( née Carroll ) and Henry Clay Bowen ( Bowan ) . Col. Bowen owned the property upon which the Tuskegee Institute would later be constructed . Her mother was a slave , who had been born in Baltimore , Maryland and taught to read by her master 's daughter , though she could not write . Bowen was described as a tall , slender , mulatto . The estate was located about one mile to the south of town and the plantation house was burned during the Civil War . The cabin in which Bowen had been born , another cabin , the chicken house and a stable were all that was left of the estate when Booker T. Washington bought the property as the new site of the Tuskegee Normal School in 1881 .
As a child , Bowen was tutored by a white woman known to her mother , who taught her to read the McGuffey Readers before she began her formal training in the schools in Tuskegee . The public school for blacks on Zion Hill was closed when Tuskegee Normal School opened and Bowen entered the school after passing the required examination . When she graduated in 1885 , in the first graduating class , Bowen received a Peabody medal for her scholastic excellence .
Career
Upon completion of her education , Bowen became the principal at the Children 's House , or training facility of Tuskegee Normal School . After several terms , she was advised by Washington of an opportunity to work near Mt . Meigs , Alabama , in Waugh . E. N. Pierce of Plainfield , Connecticut , who had inherited the `` Old Carter Place , wanted to found a smaller school on the model of Tuskegee for the community in Mt . Meigs . Bowen traveled to the area and found that it was poverty stricken with dilapidated facilities . The former plantation area was full of illiterate sharecroppers whose cotton was mortgaged before seeds were planted . They had no knowledge of crop rotation or planting for food , owning their own property , and most lived in one-room shacks . The only school was open for three months a year and out of the 300 students who had attended it , only five could read . Bowen first organized a Sunday school to teach them scriptures and then went door-to-door meeting the families in the community to establish a rapport and recruit the mothers into meeting to learn about child rearing .
Bowen created a community center , where she taught women and girls cooking , housekeeping and sewing , as well as instilling child-raising skills , grooming , exercise and nutrition . She taught the men and boys to be better husbands , farmers and the benefits of ownership of their own land . Her method was to lead by example , renting her own land , she hired a man to plow it . Sowing the seed , for cotton , corn and pumpkin ; hoeing and plowing the weeds ; and harvesting the crop , she netted a profit of $ 30.50 from her $ 50 sale . Borrowing $ 1735 from Pierce she built a two-story frame building , which would become a boarding and day school . Within seven years , the community had paid back the debt in full , though sometimes with livestock , which Bowen would sell in Montgomery to add the money to the debt repayment fund . Besides teaching grammar and arithmetic , Bowen taught life-skills like farming , gardening , and raising bees , livestock and poultry . As she had nearly three hundred students and only five who could read , Bowen had the five readers assist her in teaching the others with the assistance of a preacher 's son , who helped without pay . Within three years , she was able to hire an assistant .
Each summer , Bowen would travel north to raise funds for her school and in the process , further her own education . In 1893 , she attended the Columbia Teachers ' College in New York City and later between 1898 and 1900 attended Queen Margaret College in Glasgow . She attained a bachelor 's degree from Straight College in New Orleans and later , earned a master 's degree from Battle Creek College with a thesis entitled Juvenile Crime among Negroes in Alabama . In addition , she would recuperate for part of each summer at the Battle Creek Sanitarium , and occasionally was accompanied by her sister Katie , who also taught at Mt . Meigs . A devotee to `` muscular Christianity '' , Bowen believed that good health was achieved by proper nourishment and exercise and that participation in athletics also taught a respect for cooperation , rules , self-discipline , as well as the benefits of work . She participated in the `` back to nature '' movement , of intellectuals who ate a predominantly vegetarian diet , exercised and at least once spent time in a naturist community .
In 1896 when the Afro-American Women 's League was formed in Boston , Bowen was one of the founding members . By 1904 , she was the corresponding secretary of the organization and that same year was elected president of the Alabama State Colored Women 's Federated Clubs . She continued to serve as state president for more than a decade . In 1897 , she elected as vice president of the Alabama Negro Teacher 's Association and would hold the post until at least 1910 . Bowen attended many conferences throughout the United States speaking to women 's groups and in 1905 published a short autobiography called A Woman 's Work . She used her membership in these women 's organizations to improve the status of African Americans and raise funds for her school . Bowen also published many articles and poems , as well as participated in many educational programs aimed at improving the lives of young people .
In 1906 , Bowen and the women 's club became involved in the need for a boy 's reformatory . White women had successfully lobbied for the state to send boys to reform school instead of prison , but no similar provisions had been made for black youth . The Colored Women 's Federated Clubs pled for the legislature to establish a facility , but when they were unsuccessful , Bowen sold the club twenty acres to build a facility . Bowen founded a second school , operated on the same farm principal as the institute , which was maintained solely by the black clubwomen . They continued lobbying the Alabama legislature , as well as judges and newspaper editors to have the state take over the administration of the school . They were finally successful in 1911 and the state took over management of the Alabama Reform School for Juvenile Negro Law-Breakers . Bowen would continue serving for at least a decade as one of the trustees of the reformatory . She also taught at the reformatory , until 1923 . One of her students was Satchel Paige , who she encouraged to participate in sports as well as choir .
In 1920 , Bowen gave the 400 acres remaining in the Mount Meigs Institute to the state of Alabama with the proviso that they would pay her for the holdings when they officially took over the school . She continued to serve as principal even after the state changed the name to the Montgomery County Training School around 1923 or 1924 . She served as principal until at least 1929 and also taught for five years at the Alabama State Teachers College . Bowen became the first woman president of the Alabama Negro Teacher 's Association in 1927 .
Death and legacy
Bowen died in July 1934 in Mount Meigs , Montgomery County , Alabama . Bowen 's philanthropy extended long after her death , having donated much of the land that the schools were founded on to the state . The two schools she founded are both still operational . The Institute is currently known as Georgia Washington High School and the Reformatory is known as Mount Meigs Campus .
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
1865 births
1934 deaths
People from Tuskegee , Alabama
Tuskegee University alumni
Women educators
African-American educators
American educators
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American writers
Straight University alumni
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
African-American women writers
NaijaHacks is a hackathon and tech invention competition in Nigerian , which aims to encourage youth to use technology to create solutions for their communities and the world using technologies including blockchain and artificial intelligence . Officially , NaijaHacks is described as an official national `` Movement of Makers , Leaders , and Disruptors '' .
Founded in 2018 by software engineer Uchi Uchibeke ( formerly of Shopify and founder of AfricaHacks ) , NaijaHacks is Africa 's largest hackathon . NaijaHacks is inspired by Uchi 's experience attending Major League Hacking and other hackathons at Stanford , Harvard , Princeton and others .
In 2018 , NaijaHacks had 500 participants with 100 projects , and in 2019 NaijaHacks became the largest hackathon in Africa with over 200 projects submitted .
History
NaijaHacks 2018
In 2018 , NaijaHacks started virtually and culminated in an expo-style demo day and award ceremony at Zone Tech Park , Lagos , Nigeria .
NaijaHacks 2019
The 2019 NaijaHacks included a Keynote Speech by Chude Jideonwo and culminated in a demo day at Zone Tech Park , Lagos , Nigeria . 200+ projects were submitted with 14 of the projects transformed from hackathon idea to startup by AfricaHacks , also founded by Uchi Uchibeke .
Processes at NaijaHacks include :
Application
Team formation
Building
Submission
Live demo day
References
Hackathons
Education in Nigeria
Youth conferences
2018 establishments in Nigeria
Annual events in Nigeria
Mister Denmark ( Danish : Mister Danmark ) is the oldest , largest and most prestigious national male beauty pageant in Denmark that selects the representative to the Mister World pageant .
Organization
Mister Denmark was founded in 1994 by Miss Denmark Organization . The Miss Danmark pageant was established in 1926 when the country hosted its first national beauty contest whose winner was Edith Jørgensen . Since 1994 Denmark competes in many male International pageants .
From 1996 until 2013 , Memborg models operated the contest . In 2015 , the rights to hold the Mister and Miss Denmark national beauty pageant have been awarded to Lisa Lents of Miss & Mister Denmark Org . The titleholders of Mister Denmark from now on will compete at Mister World , Mister International , Men Universe Model and Manhunt International .
Titleholders
Color key
Mister Denmark Organization by Lisa Lents does responsible selecting the official Danish Mister to most prestigious male pageant in the world . The Mister Denmark together with Miss Denmark Team organizes Mister Denmark casting and appoints the male model contestants every year to be role model of Denmark . The titleholders may represent Denmark to the main pageants , namely Mister World , Mister International , Men Universe Model and Manhunt International pageants .
Mister World Denmark
Mister International Denmark
Men Universe Model Denmark
Manhunt International Denmark
Notes
The very first Mister Denmark who crowned International title was Nicklas Pedersen . He was crowned as Mister World 2014 represented Denmark at the Riviera International Conference Centre , Torbay , on 15 June 2014 . He beat the 45 contestants to win Mister World . Additionally , he was awarded as The Sport Challenge Winner . He was nominated into the Top 10 of Extreme Sport Challenge and Top 3 Multi-Media Challenge at the pageant .
See also
Miss Denmark
References
External links
Official site
Denmark
Denmark
World
Recurring events established in 1994
Danish awards
Henry Johnson ( June 11 , 1850 – January 31 , 1904 ) was a Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States .
Career
Cheyennene wars
Johnson was originally from Boydton , Virginia . In 1866 , he enlisted in the Army at Detroit , Michigan as an original member of F Troop of the 10th Cavalry . He fought with the 10th against the Cheyenne on the Republican River . Johnson joined D Troop of the 9th Cavalry in June 1877 , where the troop was stationed at Fort Wallace . The troop was patrolling southern Colorado at the time of the Meeker Massacre .
Meeker Massacre and the Utes
On September 29 , 1879 , a group of Ute warriors , led by Chief Colorow ambushed a group of around 175 soldiers and militiamen from Fort Steele near Milk Creek . At the same time , the Utes also killed the Indian agent and his white employees at the Ute reservation nearby . The troops near the creek created a perimeter around their wagons with dead animals while their remaining animals were picked off by the Utes . Captain Francis Dodge , Sergeant Johnson , and D Troop arrived on October 2 , 1879 , and were able to enter the encampment without being shot at . For the next three days , D Troop 's animals were picked off , leaving only four wounded horses . Johnson was charged with the responsibility of securing the outposts for the defense for the encampment , and under heavy fire from the Utes , made the rounds to meet with his men . On October 5 , five troops from the 5th Cavalry arrived shortly after the Ute attackers dispersed .
Johnson was awarded the Medal of Honor at Fort Robinson on September 22 , 1890 , for his actions during the Battle of Milk Creek against the Ute Indians from October 2–5 , 1879 in Colorado . His Medal of Honor citation reads :
At the time of the awarding , he was a private . He had been promoted to sergeant for the third time in 1889 , but was demoted after tangling with a bartender at Fort Robinson .
Johnson was a sergeant in Company D. He was cited for twice leaving his position under heavy fire , first to check on his men , then , on October 4 , going to the nearby Milk River to obtain water for them . However , some have questioned whether he was under fire when he went for water .
Apache wars
Shortly after the 5th Cavalry arrived on October 5 , 1879 , Johnson and D Troop of the 9th Cavalry headed to New Mexico and spent the next two years fighting the Apaches in Victorio 's War . He was discharged in January 1883 at Fort Riley . Johnson reenlisted two months later with the 10th Cavalry and was stationed at Fort Grant to once again fight the Apaches . After this five-year enlistment ended in 1888 , he rejoined the 9th Cavalry in K Troop .
Later career and death
K Troop patrolled the Pine Ridge Sioux Reservation for four months in the winter of 1890–1891 before it was moved to Fort Myer in Virginia . K Troop returned to Fort Robinson in 1893 . Johnson 's final five-year enlistment with K Troop ended in 1898 , before the troop was sent to Cuba for the Spanish–American War . He retired that same year to Washington , D.C. Johnson died on January 31 , 1904 , and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery , Arlington , Virginia , in section 23 , lot 16547 .
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Indian Wars
List of African American Medal of Honor recipients
References
External links
1850 births
1904 deaths
American Indian Wars recipients of the Medal of Honor
American people of the Indian Wars
Buffalo Soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army soldiers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
People from Boydton , Virginia
is the third Jewelpet anime television series created by Sanrio and Sega . It began airing on TV Tokyo between April 9 , 2011 and March 31 , 2012 on TV Tokyo . The series focuses on the main heroines Kanon Mizushiro and Ruby , who attend Sunshine Academy as part of the Class 3 Plum Section .
The opening theme is by Mayumi Gojo while the ending theme is by Kayano Masuyama and Misuzu Mochizuki .
Episode list
References
General
http : //www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/jp-sunshine/
Specific
Sunshine
Conceição is a freguesia ( `` civil parish '' ) in the municipality of Horta in the Portuguese Azores . The population in 2011 was 1,138 , in an area of 3.08 km² . It is the second smallest parish within the administration of Horta .
History
The settlement of the area that became known as Nossa Senhora da Conceição was first attributed to the Flemish nobleman Joss van Aard ( which was later transliterated into Portuguese as José da Terra , literally Joseph of the Earth/Land ) , where he made his home , cultivated a small parcel , and planted fruit trees on the edge of Ribeira dos Flamengos ( Ravine of the Flemings ) :
`` ... who settle along a ravine , today named Ribeira da Conceição , in virtue of the chapel to this invocation that he constructed ... ''
Along his holdings was a large promontory that overlooked the Bay of Horta , and extended into the Canal that the Flemish colonists referred to as The Needle ( ) , later to be known in Portuguese as Espalamaca .
In 1498 , Joss de Utra ( the second Captain-donatário of Faial ) , established his administrative center for the village in the deeper part of the Conceição , thus attracting a settlement wave . A decade after this migration , King Sebastian ( 30 July 1568 ) referred to several new communities in the eastern coast of Faial : São Salvador ( Matriz ) , with about 100 to 200 homes ; Feteira , Castelo Branco , Praia do Norte , Praia do Almoxarife and Flamengos , with less than 100 . In this document , the parish of Nossa Senhora da Conceição was established . Later , friar Diogo das Chagas , a noted historian , in his book Espelho Cristalino referred to this parish having 594 inhabitants scattered in 161 buildings .
D'Utra , would establish his administration at Rua do Bom Jesus No.16 in Conceição , to house his executive , administration and local jail ( referred locally as the Casa da Câmara e Cadeia ) , literally the House of the Council and Jail . By 5 November 1632 , Fernão Gomes Massam , then Corregador dos Açores , reported that the building became incapacitated and its roles were transferred to other buildings within the municipality .
Fortifications were constructed in the lower part of the parish during the 17th Century , including the Fort of Alagoa ( July 1621 ) and later the Fort of Bom Jesus ( 1821 ) , in order to help protect and defend Horta from pirates and privateers that harassed and sacked the communities of the archipelago .
Nossa Senhora da Conceição was actually the second village in the Horta basin , after Matriz do Santíssimo Salvador : the parish of Nossa Senhora das Angústias established only in 1684 . The historian Gaspar Frutuoso , noted that the Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição ( Church of Our Lady of the Conception ) was constructed with three naves , and five columns on each side , and chapel located on its eastern quarter . In 1589 , it was sacked by English privateers . In October 1597 , it was once again pillaged , but then set aflame . Frair Diogo de Chagas noted that it was rebuilt , starting in 1607 , becoming the “ most perfect that existed before '' . It was once again remodelled in 1749 , under the direction of Father Teodósio Ferreira de Melo .
In 1701 , the Hermitage of Pilar ( ) was built by Father Filipe Furtado de Mendonça , along the edge of the parish ( along Espalamaca ) , where he was eventually buried . In 1729 it was destroyed during a fire . Also , across from the Casais do Farrobo , as noted by Gaspar Frutuoso , a chapel for Santo Amaro ( ) was constructed as promised by Braz Pereira Sarmento .
In 1858 the Forte do Bom Jesus , having been almost completely abandoned except for a canon , was requalified in order to house the new jail .
In 1868 , a road was finally opened to the chapel of Santo Amaro in Flamengos . It was in the late part of the 19th century that Manuel Inácio de Souza Sarmento , a rich politician in the municipal council of Horta constructed the Palacete of Pilar alongside the Hermitage of Pilar , which would be centred of society until it was divided between his ancestors a century later . The residence was ransacked by his descendants , sold off and occupied by the family of the Viscount Leite-Perry , losing much of its cultural importance .
The planting of the first submarine cable on Alagoa Beach , initiated the Era das Companhias dos Cabos ( Era of the Cable Companies ) , on 23 August 1893 .
The Palacete do Barão da Ribeirinha ( Palacette of the Baron of Ribeirinha ) , the home of Vitoriano da Rosa Martins , then situated in the Largo da Igreja Paroquial , functioned provisionally as the Liceu da Horta ( Lyceum of Horta ) , an educational school for members of the upper-classes .
The 1926 Horta earthquake caused the inhabitants to become displaced or homeless on 31 August . The grand local church did not escape the tremors , and was irreparably destroyed : it was reconstructed in 1933 , in a modest Art Deco-style . Similarly , by the end of the 20th century , the Palacete of Pilar , now completely abandoned , caught fire and was engulfed .
For many years , Father Américo 's project , the Casa do Gaiato , operated a home for abandoned or orphaned children in Conceição . Inaugurated on 28 September 1969 , it helped to transition many children into the society of Horta ; for 30 years it provided aid and care to these children , under the tutelage of Father Raul de Jesus .
Geography
Conceição , along with the parishes of Matriz and Angústias , makes up the northern limit of the city of Horta . Topographically it is divided into two parts : an agricultural area , divided by an escarpment that extends from the Sítio of Volta to the western border with Flamengos , and a more urbanized area along the coast and Ribeira da Conceição , which is directly connected to the rest of Horta . The border extends across Espalamaca towards the Caminho Velho ( Old Road ) before cutting across the eastern extent of the Flamengos valley towards the Quinta do São Lourenço , cutting across a minor volcanic cone , before ending at the base of Monte Carneiro . The southern limit of the parish extends from the Estrada Regional E.R.2-2 towards the centre of the city of Horta , through the locality of Santo Amaro , before winding down the Ribeira da Conceição starting around the middle of the sítio of Volta to the Atlantic Ocean . From the Travessa do Mirante da Conceição , on the southern margin extends towards the municipal courthouse and traffic circle along the Avenida Marginal .
Gaspar Frutuoso , referred to the ravine in these terms : `` ... in days of strong showers , the water strength and quantity of water overflow , difficulting the crossing [ of ] the center of the village '' . Even Frutuoso knew of the importance of this river , as he elaborated that the waters were used for mills along the waters edge , and requiring the bridge to cross between the two settlement agglomerations . Once called the Foz da Ribeira , later the Praia da Alagoa or Praia da Conceição ( Beach of Conceição ) , is one of the few natural sand beaches on the island , and along with the Vitorino Nemésio Park ( ) is part of a recreational area in the shadow of Espalamaca .
Economy
The main industries in this area are primarily associated with the forest industry ( sawmills and carpentry ) and civil construction , as well as many commercial businesses located along the coast . In the area of Santo Amaro , the economy is more closely associated with dairy and agriculture .
During the 19th Century , the barrio of Santo Amaro , was known for its bakers that produced bread and pastries for the city of Horta . During the 20th Century the activities were diversified to include many businesses : restaurants , snack-bars , cafes , mini-markets , gymnasiums , clothing shops , designers and publishers , music , stationary stores , furniture shops , jewellery , natural supplement shops , financial services , travel agencies , exporters and spas .
Architecture
Civic
Assistance Centre of Horta ( )
District Courthouse of Horta ( )
Mansion of the Lacerdas ( )
National Lyceum of Horta/Manuel de Arriaga Secondary School ( )
Palacete of Pilar ( ) , the former-signeurial residence of Manuel Inácio de Souza Sarmento , a rich politician in the municipal council of Horta and property-owner
Residence Colonel Álvaro Soares de Melo
Residence Roberto Leal
Residence Rua da Conceição , 14
Residence Rua da Conceição , 22
Residence Rua da Conceição , 23
Residence Rua Professor Júlio de Andrade
Windmills on Espalamaca ( )
Military
Military Battery of Espalamaca ( ) , a complex of underground bunks and gun emplacements , constructed during the Second World War to guard the Faial-Pico Channel ;
Religious
Church of Nossa Senhora da Conceição ( )
Hermitage of Pilar ( )
Hermitage of Santo Amaro ( )
Culture
Regionally , Conceição is represented by the Sociedad Filarmónica Artista Faialense ( Faialense Artistic Philharmonic Society ) , the local band ( founded on 21 February 1858 ) . The Fayal Sport Clube , an athletics club and regional football team , has been responsible for training many of the island 's athletes .
Notable citizens
António José Vieira Santa Rita ( before 1810 - 22 December 1877 ) , the Civil-Governor of the former District of Horta
References
Notes
Sources
Parishes of Horta , Azores
Bart Bull is an American writer , reporter , author , columnist , and critic .
Background
Born in Seattle , Washington , Bull grew up in Phoenix , Arizona . He dropped out of high school to write a novel , and then returned briefly , leaving again without graduating .
Bull was the editor of Sounds , a free monthly Phoenix-based music newspaper , in the mid-1970s , West Coast Editor of Spin from 1985 to 1988 , West Coast editor of Vogue , West Coast editor and a founder of Details . He co-founded Browbeat , first American xerox-punk fanzine , with David Wiley in early summer 1977 . He managed The Consumers ( 1977 ) , an obscure but increasingly acclaimed early American punk band from Phoenix , Arizona . He has written for publications including The Washington Post , Arizona Republic , The New York Times , Harper 's Bazaar , The Village Voice , The Face , and GQ .
From the earliest days of his work , Bull chronicled subcultures , with pioneering reporting on skateboarding , cockfighting , lowriders , punk , cowboy and rodeo culture , hiphop , heavy metal and others . His reporting on what he called `` mall culture , '' led to writing about architecture , urban life and design in North America , Europe and Australia , often including a critique of modern practices , urban development , and monoculture . One of the earliest writers on punk and hiphop , throughout his reporting career , he has covered issues that would typically be considered `` metro desk '' stories , while presenting them in a manner more typical of magazine feature writing . His crime reporting has explored bank robbery , drug-dealing , murders , rape , patricide , and politics , ranging from national political conventions to local machinations .
A list of the individuals Bull has profiled include Muddy Waters , John Lee Hooker , Al Green , Buck Owens , James Stewart , Walter Matthau , Ian Dury , David Lynch , Bruce Springsteen , Bill Graham , Tracey Ullman , Tobe Hooper , Buckminster Fuller , Tom Waits , William S. Burroughs , Sun Ra , Prince , Clifton Chenier , Ofra Haza , Steve Miller , Jackson Browne , John Fogerty , Steve Martin , President Gerald Ford , Elvis Costello , Richard Farnsworth , Dwight Yoakam , Joe Ely , Joan Baez , Peter Tosh , Laura Dern , Jeff Beck , Frank Zappa , Michael Jackson , Ed `` Big Daddy '' Roth , Allen Ginsberg , Amiri Baraka , former Arizona Governor Evan Mecham , Carlos Santana , and Patti Smith . He edited and introduced Clarence `` Gatemouth '' Brown 's memoir , All About Me , working to preserve the visionary musician 's self-created spellings and syntax .
He was married to singer-songwriter Michelle Shocked from 1992 to 2004 , after a three-year engagement . During this period , he organized her departure from Mercury/London/Polygram/Phonogram records worldwide , while overseeing and re-organizing her publishing , recording , touring , and media career . This eventually led to a notable use of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution to secure her release from contracts , and ownership of all artistic materials , and the founding of a pioneering artist-owned multi-faceted music business operation .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American male journalists
Seevetal ( Northern Low Saxon : Seevdaal ) is a municipality in the district of Harburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany . It is situated approximately 20 km south of Hamburg , and 15 km west of Winsen ( Luhe ) . Its seat is in the village Hittfeld . It is named after the river Seeve .
History
On 1 July 1972 , the administrations of 19 independent smaller municipalities were merged to form the Seevetal municipality .
The 19 towns and villages forming Seevetal are Beckedorf , Bullenhausen , Emmelndorf , Fleestedt , Glüsingen , Groß Moor , Helmstorf , Hittfeld , Holtorfsloh , Horst , Hörsten , Klein Moor , Lindhorst , Maschen , Meckelfeld , Metzendorf , Ohlendorf , Over and Ramelsloh .
Several of these towns have a rich history : the existence of Ramelsloh was first vouched in the year 845 , Maschen was first mentioned in official documents in 1294 , and Hittfeld celebrated its 900th anniversary in June 2007 . The St. Mauritius church in Hittfeld dates back to the 12th century . Remarkable archaeological finds of the region are the Metzendorf-Woxdorf head burial dating to ca . 2200 BCE or the early Christian Maschen disc brooch which are in the permanent exhibition of the nearby Archaeological Museum Hamburg .
Demographics
Population of Seevetal ( as of December 31 of each year ) :
1998 – 39,564
1999 – 40,164
2000 – 40,536
2001 – 40,819
2002 – 41,060
2003 – 41,157
2004 – 41,287
2005 – 41,614
Seevetal is the most populous German municipality that has no city rights , i.e. , it is the most populous rural municipality ( `` Gemeinde '' ) in Germany .
Politics
The council of the Seevetal municipality consists of 40 seats . The current council was elected on September 10 , 2006 and consists of :
CDU – 17 seats
SPD – 13 seats
BIS – 4 seats
FDP – 3 seats
Alliance 90/The Greens – 3 seats
The current mayor Emily Weede ( CDU ) was elected on 26 September 2021 .
Sport
TuS Fleestedt
HSG Seevetal
TSV Eintracht Hittfeld
SC Seevetal
HSG Seevetal/Ashausen
VfL Maschen
ESV Maschen
MTV Ramelsloh
PBC Seevetal e.V . – Poolbillard
SV Emmelndorf
TV Meckelfeld
Schützenverein Moor
TSV Over Bullenhausen
Windsurfer Seevetal e.V .
Twin towns – sister cities
Seevetal is twinned with :
Decatur , United States
Notable people
Caroline Daur ( born 1995 ) , fashion blogger , grew up here
References
External links
Harburg ( district )
USS Nereus ( AC-10 ) was one of four Proteus-class colliers built for the United States Navy before World War I . Named for Nereus , an aquatic deity from Greek mythology , she was the second U.S . Naval vessel to bear the name . Nereus was laid down on 4 December 1911 , and launched on 26 April 1913 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company , Newport News , Virginia , and commissioned on 10 September 1913 .
Service history
Detached from Naval Overseas Transportation Service on 12 September 1919 , Nereus served with the Atlantic Fleet until decommissioned at Norfolk on 30 June 1922 . She was laid up there until struck from the Navy List on 5 December 1940 . Sold to the Aluminium Company of Canada on 27 February 1941 , Nereus operated out of Montreal carrying bauxite from the Caribbean to aluminum plants in the United States and Canada . Her master ( commanding officer ) was John Thomas Bennett of the Canadian Merchant Navy .
Loss
Nereus was lost at sea sometime after 10 December 1941 while steaming from St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands ( along the same route where her sister ship had disappeared ) with ore destined to make aluminum for Allied aircraft . Nereus was presumed sunk after being torpedoed by a German U-boat . However , there are no German U-boat claims for this vessel . Both Nereus and Cyclops could have been lost to U-boats which were later lost themselves to Allied action or storms at sea .
The wreckage has never been located nor the actual cause of her disappearance determined . A memorial listing for her crew can be found on the CWGC Halifax memorial .
References
Ships built in Newport News , Virginia
Colliers of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Missing ships
1913 ships
Proteus-class colliers
Maritime incidents in December 1941
Ships lost with all hands
World War II merchant ships of Canada
Fleet of the Canadian Merchant Navy
Katiki is a small settlement in North Otago , New Zealand . It lies between the townships of Palmerston and Hampden on State Highway 1 at the northern end of Katiki Beach , close to the Moeraki Peninsula . The tip of the peninsula , Katiki Point , is the site of Katiki Point Lighthouse . The scenic reserve of Trotter 's Gorge is located just inland of Katiki .
There is uncertainty about the origin of the name , though it could have originally been Ka tiki ( `` The carved figures '' ) . The settlement was called Kartigi until 1927 , this former name stressing the local Southern Māori pronunciation . The town no longer has any signage but for a small bridge sign 'Katiki bridge ' . Further north along the coast from the lighthouse are two small settlements called the Katiki Kaiks ( `` kaik '' is the Southern Maori version of the term kainga , meaning village ) . The houses at the kaiks are very basic and predominantly cribs ( holiday homes ) . Property is difficult to attain there as it can not be purchased , only leased .
Katiki lighthouse is home to yellow-eyed penguins ( hoiho ) , one of the rarest species of penguin in the world . Its visitors can almost be guaranteed to see fur seals on their visit to the viewing huts . The area is also a local fishing spot , especially for blue cod .
References
Matheson , S ( 2018 ) Otago 's Towns . Wellington : Matheson .
Reed , A. W. ( 1975 ) Place names of New Zealand . Wellington : A.H. & A.W . Reed .
Wise 's New Zealand Guide ( 1969 ) . Dunedin : H. Wise and Co. Ltd .
Populated places in Otago
Achit Lake ( ) is the largest freshwater lake in Uvs Aimag ( Uvs province ) , Mongolia , in the west of the country . At an elevation of 1,435 m above sea level it covers an area of 290 km2 . It is 28 km long , 16 km wide , and 10 m deep . The coast is covered with steppes , mostly hilly but swampy on the northwest and northeast . Several rivers flow into the lake .
See also
Ramsar sites in Mongolia
References
External links
The Annotated Ramsar List : Mongolia
Big Soviet Encyclopaedia – Russian ( АЧИТ-НУР )
Limnological Catalog of Mongolian Lakes
Lakes of Mongolia
Ramsar sites in Mongolia
Gnathophis neocaledoniensis is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger/garden eels ) . It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 2004 . It is a marine , deep water-dwelling eel which is known from New Caledonia ( from which its species epithet is derived ) , in the western Pacific Ocean . It dwells at a depth range of 520–580 metres . Males can reach a maximum total length of 18.5 centimetres .
References
neocaledoniensis
Fish described in 2004
Ali bin al-Mugrab Al Uyuni ( علي بن المقرب العيوني ) was a Bahrani poet from Al-Hasa , who died in 630 AH or 1232 AD , one of the late known poets among the people of the Arabian Peninsula before the modern era . Percentage due to Al Uyuni built from Abdul Qays , who ruled Ahsa in that period after extracted from Qarmatians . Al Uyuni poet , and is considered his office and explanations which are attached by one of the most important sources on the history of that state .
This has been achieved by his several times of poetry , by a number of researchers , including Ahmed Musa al-Khatib and new investigations and explanation . by three researchers ( Abdul-Khaliq al-Janabi , Abdul Ghani Alarafat , and Ali Bey ) .
See also
Rabi'ah
Uyunid dynasty
References
13th-century Arabs
Uyunid dynasty
The 1970 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise 's 38th in the National Football League . They improved from a league-worst 1–13 record the previous year , finishing with a 5–9 record and third place in the newly formed AFC Central . The Steelers began the decade in a new conference and a new stadium with a new quarterback . After nearly 40 years in the NFL they shifted to the AFC , to complete the merger between the NFL and AFL . It was the NFL 's weakest division that season , as the Steelers finished three games behind the division-winning Cincinnati Bengals—a team that was only in its third year of existence that season .
Offseason
Coach Chuck Noll 's reshaping of the squad from the year before continued for 1970 .
Undoubtedly the greatest change that took place was Chuck Noll 's trade of the team 's lone superstar , Roy Jefferson . Although Jefferson was among the league leaders in receiving in 1968 and 1969 , despite playing for the worst team in football with mediocre quarterbacks , he was sent packing after being publicly vocal in criticizing team management . The trade sent Jefferson to Baltimore , where he earned a Super Bowl ring . Years later , Jefferson pinpointed what he had done to get traded .
`` I was [ in Baltimore ] to make a statement . I wanted to show Pittsburgh they 'd made a mistake in getting rid of me . I mean , I was n't a 'yes ' man for coach Chuck Noll . If you cursed me , I cursed you back . I messed over the curfew rules a lot and , in training camp , I 'd park my car in the coaches ' spaces . ''
Hence , 1970 brought change with Ron Shanklin emerging as a steady receiver for the next few years until John Stallworth and Lynn Swann joined the team in 1974 .
As a result of the NFL-AFL merger being finalized for the 1970 season , three teams from the `` old '' NFL were moved to the newly formed AFC alongside the former AFL teams . The Steelers agreed to be one of them after their archrivals , the Cleveland Browns , volunteered to join the AFL franchises in the AFC . The Browns mainly joined because of the possibility of an intrastate rivalry with the AFL 's Cincinnati Bengals ( now known as the Battle of Ohio ) , largely due to the animosity at the time between Browns owner Art Modell and Bengals owner & coach Paul Brown , who was fired from the Browns by Modell after the 1962 season . The Steelers joined the AFC in order to keep the Browns-Steelers rivalry alive on a regular basis , due to the proximity of the cities of Pittsburgh and Cleveland .
Another change came in the draft . For the first time since 1956 , the Steelers owned the number one selection in the draft after winning a coin toss with the Chicago Bears for the top pick , as the two teams had identical 1–13 records in 1969 . ( The Steelers would have won the tiebreaker under the modern NFL tiebreaker rules anyway , since the Bears ' one win was against the Steelers in week 8 of that season . )
In the 1970 NFL Draft , only two Hall of Famers were selected in all 17 Rounds and 442 Picks . One being 1st Round , 1st Pick selection Terry Bradshaw , and the second being 3rd Round , 53rd Pick Mel Blount . Bradshaw and Blount , both part of the '70s Steeler Dynasty , were both inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1989 . In his 14-year professional career , Bradshaw got off on a bumpy start from 1970–1975 . Bradshaw threw a career-high 24 interceptions and only 6 touchdown passes . In was n't until 1976 when Bradshaw 's career had begun to peak . Blount 's career was an overall consistent one . In 1975 , he intercepted 11 passes for 121 yards .
In 1966 , the NFL agreed on a merger with the rival AFL ( American Football League ) . In 1970 , the merger became final , as a result of the merger , the AFC ( American Football Conference ) featuring all the AFL teams and the NFC ( National Football Conference ) featuring all the `` old '' NFL teams . Two teams from the NFL were asked to join the AFL in the AFC , the Baltimore Colts , and the Cleveland Browns ( the Browns owner , Art Modell asked the NFL Commissioner , Pete Rozelle if he could join to play the Cincinnati Bengals in the Battle of Ohio ) . Upon hearing this , Art Rooney ( Steelers Owner ) asked Rozelle if he could join to keep the Steelers-Browns rivalry alive . So , the Steelers would begin playing in the AFC and would leave the Eagles rivalry and many others they had playing the NFC teams . Also , the Steelers moved into the then state-of-the-art , Three Rivers Stadium and left Pitt Stadium . The new Three Rivers was one of the many `` cookie-cutter '' stadiums across the league and became an icon to Pittsburgh .
The opening of Three Rivers ended their relatively brief stay at Pitt Stadium , where they had only been playing on a full-time basis for six years . Before that , the Steelers played most of their home games at Forbes Field , with occasional games being played at Pitt Stadium to take advantage of the larger capacity . The Steelers later returned the favor to the University of Pittsburgh in 2000 when the Pitt Panthers football team moved into Three Rivers for one season as an interim home before Heinz Field was ready in 2001 . Pitt would also play their Backyard Brawl games against West Virginia in years Pitt hosted the game during the existence of Three Rivers .
WTAE-TV sportscaster Myron Cope joined the Steelers radio network as color commentator for the 1970 season . Cope remained a fixture of the Steelers radio network through the 2004 season and became beloved by fans due to his enthusiasm and catchphrases behind the announcing booth . In 1975 , Cope invented the Terrible Towel , originally conceived as a gimmick in the Steelers playoff game against Baltimore and now a staple among Steelers fans .
Personnel
Staff
Roster
Regular season
Schedule
Game summaries
Week 1
Scoring drives :
Houston – LeVias 22 pass from Johnson ( Gerela kick ) HOU 7–0
Houston – LeVias 10 pass from Johnson ( Gerela kick ) HOU 14–0
Houston – Safety , Bradshaw forced out of end zone by Pritchard HOU 16–0
Houston – FG Gerela 8 HOU 19–0
Pittsburgh – Shanklin 15 pass from Hanratty ( Mingo kick ) HOU 19–7
The Steelers played their first regular season game at the brand new Three Rivers Stadium . Terry Bradshaw made his NFL debut , but struggled , going 4 for 16 for 40 yds . Bradshaw was also sacked for a safety , the first of three straight games in which this would happen . With the loss , the Steelers dropped to 0-1 .
Week 2
Scoring drives :
Denver – Crenshaw 1 run ( Howfield kick ) DEN 7–0
Pittsburgh – Hoak 4 run ( Mingo kick ) T 7–7
Pittsburgh – FG Mingo 9 PIT 10–7
Pittsburgh – FG Mingo 13 PIT 13–7
Denver – Safety , Washington tackled Bradshaw in end zone PIT 13–9
Denver – Van Heusen 38 pass from Tensi ( Howfield kick ) DEN 16–13
With the loss , the Steelers fell to 0–2 .
Week 3
Scoring drives :
Cleveland – Safety , Bradshaw tackled in end zone by Snidow CLE 2–0
Pittsburgh – Bradshaw 22 run ( Mingo kick ) PIT 7–2
Cleveland – Morrison 53 pass from Phipps ( kick failed ) CLE 8–7
Cleveland – Barnes 38 pass interception return ( Cockroft kick ) CLE 15–7
With the loss , the Steelers fell to 0–3 .
Week 4
Scoring drives :
Pittsburgh – FG Mingo 28 PIT 3–0
Buffalo – FG Guthrie 52 T 3–3
Pittsburgh – Smith 6 pass from Hanratty ( Mingo kick ) PIT 10–3
Buffalo – Simpson 4 run ( Guthrie kick ) T 10–10
Pittsburgh – FG Mingo 49 PIT 13–10
Pittsburgh – Pearson 2 run ( Mingo kick ) PIT 20–10
Pittsburgh – FG Mingo 43 PIT 23–10
The Steelers won their first game , improving to 1–3 .
Week 5
Scoring drives :
Houston – Gerela 34-yard field goal – HOU 3–0
Pittsburgh – Shanklin 67 yard pass from Bradshaw ( Mingo kick ) – PIT 7–3
With the win , the Steelers improved to 2–3 and split the regular season series with the Oilers .
Week 6
Scoring drives :
Oakland – Chester 37 pass from Lamonica ( Blanda kick ) OAK 7–0
Pittsburgh – Pearson 2 run ( Mingo kick ) T 7–7
Oakland – Wells 44 pass from Blanda ( Blanda kick ) OAK 14–7
Oakland – FG Blanda 27 OAK 17–7
Oakland – Chester 19 pass from Blanda ( Blanda kick ) OAK 24–7
Pittsburgh – Hughes 12 pass from Bradshaw ( Mingo kick ) OAK 24–14
Oakland – Chester 43 pass from Blanda ( Blanda kick ) OAK 31–14
In the first in what would become many regular and postseason games between these 2 teams , the Steelers would lose the very first game to the Raiders as the team dropped to 2–4 .
Week 7
Scoring drives :
Cincinnati – Crabtree 2 pass from Carter ( Muhlmann kick ) CIN 7–0
Pittsburgh – Hughes 27 pass from Hoak ( Mingo kick ) T 7–7
Cincinnati – FG Muhlmann 43 CIN 10–7
Pittsburgh – Hughes 72 pass from Hanratty ( Mingo kick ) PIT 14–10
Pittsburgh – Bankston 2 run ( Mingo kick ) PIT 21–10
First Monday night football game played at Three Rivers Stadium .
The Steelers won the very first game between them and the Bengals and the teams ' record improved to 3–4 .
Week 8
Scoring drives :
New York Jets – FG Turner 17 NYJ 3–0
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 1 run ( Mingo kick ) PIT 7–3
Pittsburgh – Bankston 12 run ( Mingo kick ) PIT 14–3
New York Jets – Mercein 15 pass from Woodall ( Turner kick ) PIT 14–10
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 6 pass from Hanratty ( Mingo kick ) PIT 21–10
New York Jets – Nock 1 run ( Turner kick ) PIT 21–17
With the win , the Steelers improved to 4–4 .
Week 9
Scoring drives :
Kansas City – FG Stenerud 32 KC 3–0
Kansas City – Cannon 20 pass from Dawson ( Stenerud kick ) KC 10–0
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 2 run ( Mingo kick ) KC 10–7
Kansas City – Cannon 8 pass from Dawson ( Stenerud kick ) KC 17–7
Kansas City – Taylor 42 pass from Dawson ( Stenerud kick ) KC 24–7
Pittsburgh – Staggers 7 pass from Bradshaw ( Mingo kick ) KC 24–14
Kansas City – Holmes 2 run ( Stenerud kick ) KC 31–14
The game is infamously known with Dave Smith dropping the ball while attempting to score a touchdown . With the loss , the Steelers fell to 4–5 .
Week 10
Scoring drives :
Cincinnati – FG Muhlmann 17 CIN 3–0
Cincinnati – FG Muhlmann 13 CIN 6–0
Cincinnati – Carter 5 run ( Muhlmann kick ) CIN 13–0
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 1 run ( Mingo kick ) CIN 13–7
Cincinnati – Robinson 15 run ( Muhlmann kick ) CIN 20–7
Cincinnati – Trumpy 53 pass from Carter ( Muhlmann kick ) CIN 27–7
Cincinnati – Crabtree 10 pass from Carter ( Muhlmann kick ) CIN 34–7
In their first ever game in Cincinnati , the Steelers would lose it by 27 points as the team dropped to 4–6 .
Week 11
Scoring drives :
Pittsburgh – Shanklin 8 pass from Hanratty ( Watson kick ) PIT 7–0
Cleveland – FG Cockroft 16 PIT 7–3
Cleveland – FG Cockroft 38 PIT 7–6
Pittsburgh – Beatty 30 interception return ( Watson kick ) PIT 14–6
Cleveland – FG Cockroft 46 PIT 14–9
Pittsburgh -Shanklin 81 pass from Bradshaw ( Watson kick ) PIT 21–9
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 57 pass from Bradshaw ( Watson kick ) PIT 28–9
With the win , the Steelers improved to 5–6 and finished 3–3 in their division .
Week 12
Scoring drives :
Green Bay – Krause 100 kickoff return ( kick failed ) GB 6–0
Pittsburgh – FG Watson 15 GB 6–3
Pittsburgh – Smith 87 pass from Bradshaw ( kick failed ) PIT 9–6
Green Bay – McGeorge 13 pass from Starr ( Livingston kick ) GB 13–9
Pittsburgh – FG Watson 45 GB 13–12
Green Bay – Hilton 65 pass from Starr ( Livingston kick ) GB 20–12
Week 13
Scoring drives :
Atlanta – Malone 5 pass from Johnson ( Vinyard kick ) ATL 7–0
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 10 run ( kick failed ) ATL 7–6
Pittsburgh – FG Watson 21 PIT 9–7
Atlanta – FG Vinyard 35 ATL 10–9
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 1 run ( Watson kick ) PIT 16–10
Atlanta – FG Vinyard 17 PIT 16–13
Atlanta – Mitchell 12 run ( Vinyard kick ) ATL 20–16
Atlanta – Flatley 18 pass from Johnson ( Vinyard kick ) ATL 27–16
Week 14 ( Sunday December 20 , 1970 ) : Philadelphia Eagles
Scoring drives :
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 72 run ( Watson kick ) PIT 7–0
Philadelphia – Hawkins 21 pass from Snead ( kick failed ) PIT 7–6
Philadelphia – Dirks recovered blocked kick in end zone ( Moseley kick ) PHI 13–7
Pittsburgh – Fuqua 85 run ( Watson kick ) PIT 14–13
Philadelphia – Ballman 19 pass from Snead ( Moseley kick ) PHI 20–14
Pittsburgh – FG Watson 21 PHI 20–17
Pittsburgh – FG Watson 17 T 20–20
Philadelphia – FG Moseley 18 PHI 23–20
Philadelphia – Watkins 1 run ( Moseley kick ) PHI 30–20
John Fuqua would run for 218 yards
Standings
References
External links
1970 Pittsburgh Steelers season at Profootballreference.com
1970 Pittsburgh Steelers season statistics at jt-sw.com
Pittsburgh Steelers seasons
Pittsburgh Steelers
Pittsburgh Steel
The 1968–69 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the fourth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held .
This year was a new name on the trophy after Castleford 's three year winning streak came to an end .
Wigan won the trophy by beating St. Helens by the score of 7-4
The match was played at Central Park , Wigan , ( historically in the county of Lancashire ) . The attendance was 13,479 and receipts were £3,291
This was to be Wigan 's only success in the competition .
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants , no new members and no withdrawals , the number remaining at eighteen .
However the format was changed slightly with the games in the preliminary round being on a two-legged home and away basis .
This preliminary round now involved four clubs , to reduce the numbers to sixteen , followed by a straightforward knock out competition .
Competition and results
Preliminary round – first leg
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Preliminary round – second leg
Involved 2 matches with the same 4 Clubs with reverse fixtures
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three ( 3 ) points - Goal = two ( 2 ) points - Drop goal = two ( 2 ) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * Rothmans Rugby League Yearbook 1990-91 and 1991-1992 and `` 100 Years of Rugby . The History of Wakefield Trinity 1873-1973 '' give the score as 18–0 but as obvious error in the wonderfully detailed independent WEB `` Wakefield 'till I die '' gives the score as 13-0
2 * This match was televised
3 * Hull F.C . ( who joined the competition in season 1967-68 ) play their first game at home in the competition
4 * Rochdale Hornets , who joined the competition in season 1966-67 , win their first game in the competition
5 * Keighley ( who joined the competition in season 1967-68 ) play their first game at home in the competition
6 * The attendance was a record at that time
7 * Central Park was the home ground of Wigan with a final capacity of 18,000 , although the record attendance was 47,747 for Wigan v St Helens 27 March 1959
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs , entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights . Most matches were played on an evening , and those of which the second half was televised , were played on a Tuesday evening .
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit ' , many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights , and several of the entrants , including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting . And , when in 1973 , due to the world oil crisis , the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport , all the matches , including the Trophy final , had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night .
The Rugby League season always ( until the onset of `` Summer Rugby '' in 1996 ) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season , in the Autumn , with the final taking place in December ( The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather )
See also
1968–69 Northern Rugby Football League season
1968 Lancashire Cup
1968 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull & Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team , one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
The Madness of Crowds may refer to :
Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds , an 1841 book by Charles Mackay
The Madness of Crowds ( Troy Donockley album ) , 2009
The Madness of Crowds ( Ingrid Laubrock album ) , 2011
The Madness of Crowds : Gender , Race and Identity , a 2019 book by Douglas Murray
See also
The Wisdom of Crowds
Nikos Gyftokostas ( ; born 1 July 1992 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger .
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
PAE Kerkyra players
A.E . Karaiskakis F.C . players
Association football wingers
Footballers from Arta , Greece
The 18th U-boat Flotilla ( German 18 . Unterseebootsflottille ) was a short-lived unit of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
The flotilla was formed in Hel , Poland , in January 1945 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Rudolf Franzius . Officially a training flotilla ( Ger . Ausbildungsflottille ) , the four U-boats were in combat in the Baltic Sea . It was disbanded in March 1945 .
Assigned U-boats
Four U-boats were assigned to this flotilla during its service .
References
18
Military units and formations of the Kriegsmarine
Military units and formations established in 1945
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
In sport , a huddle is the action of a team gathering together , usually in a tight circle , to strategize , motivate or celebrate . It is a popular strategy for keeping opponents insulated from sensitive information , and acts as a form of insulation when the level of noise in the venue is such that normal on-field communication is difficult . Commonly the leader of the huddle is the team captain and it is the captain who will try to inspire other team members to achieve success . Similarly after an event a huddle may take place to congratulate one another for the team 's success , or to commiserate a defeat . The term `` huddle '' can be used as a verb as in `` huddling up . ''
The huddle is commonly used in American football and Canadian football to strategize before each play ; the offensive team 's huddle is almost always led by the quarterback , and the defensive huddle is typically led by one of the linebackers . It is also popular in basketball , football ( soccer ) , volleyball and cricket .
The huddle became more widely used in cricket after the India national team used it to great success during the 2003 Cricket World Cup . The England team has imitated this technique with some success , notably in the 2005 Ashes series .
Types
Circular
Gallaudet University is Home of the Huddle . The first football huddle began in 1894 . Gallaudet quarterback Paul D. Hubbard is credited with creating the football huddle during that season when Gallaudet went up against two different deaf schools . GU went 5-2-1 in 1894 and defeated the Pennsylvania Deaf School , 24-0 , and the New York Deaf School , 20-6 . Hubbard was worried that the other teams were stealing Gallaudet 's plays because his signing was out in the open . He decided to circle up his teammates and the huddle was born .
This type of huddle is still in common use today , typically between plays in American Football as the quarterback assigns the next play to the offense .
Typewriter
The typewriter huddle is a huddle formation created by former Florida State Head Coach Tom Nugent in the mid-1950s . It is typically used between a coach and multiple players , or when a quarterback or other player wants to create an image of being separate from the team , dictating to them , rather than being a part of the group , as with the circular huddle . The players being spoken to are arranged in two or more rows , the front row often kneeling or crouching . The player or coach speaking can then be assured that he has the attention of the entire audience , something that often is not possible if that person is in the center of a circular huddle . Though allowing players breathing room and providing space for more participants than a circular huddle , it is not as secure , as observers on the sidelines may be able to see hand signals or read the speaker 's lips .
American football
In American football , though seemingly random , huddles can have several forms . Before the 1890s , football players did not form huddles ; they instead discussed the play far enough from the other team that they could not be overheard . As American football became more organized and formalized , so too did the huddle .
The football team at Oregon Agricultural College was one of the first schools nationally to use the huddle formation in a game . It happened against the University of Washington in Seattle during the 1918 season . Head coach Bill Hargiss instructed the starters that once they returned to the field , they were to stand 10 yards behind the ball before the beginning of each play and whisper to one another what they were going to do next . An eyewitness to the game was veteran Seattle sports columnist Royal Brougham , whose stories of the contest give testimony today to the program 's early use of this pioneering new formation .
Others trace the huddle to the 1890s in Gallaudet College . in Washington , D.C. Paul Hubbard , a deaf player who went to Gallaudet , used the strategy to avoid having the other team see his sign language between plays ; he and his team huddled to conceal the signs .
During a game , the quarterback uses the huddle to communicate the next play to the offense . National Football League Rule 5 Section 2 stipulates that no more than eleven players may be in the offensive huddle . An offensive substitute who communicates with a teammate in a huddle would be penalized for `` unsportsmanlike conduct '' ; this is to prevent teams from feigning a substitution and taking advantage of the chaos to confuse opponents .
In some situations , teams may choose not to call a huddle and employ a hurry-up no-huddle offense to maximize time and surprise the defense .
Snap ( gridiron football )
In a snap , the snap count is decided on in the huddle , usually expressed as `` ... on < number > . '' being the final words spoken by the quarterback after calling the play but before the huddle breaks and the players go to the line of scrimmage . The snap count allows offensive players to have a small head start .
Association football
In Association football ( soccer ) , the huddle has been used before games by Brazil and the Ireland national teams and club teams such as Derry City FC . Celtic FC from Scotland have used the huddle as a pre-match ritual since 1995 , although this was pre-dated by St. Mirren FC ( also from Scotland ) who had been using the huddle since 1993 , although they have long since discontinued the practice . The huddle was introduced to Celtic by Tony Mowbray during a pre-season tour of Germany . The desire to show a togetherness from the players was Mowbray 's motivation for introducing the huddle , which amounts to the players linking arms to form a circle and heads being leaned in for the captain to deliver a rallying address.This is now carried out by all levels and ages of Celtic and often imitated by the supporters . The supporting visual aspect of this , although culturally unrelated can also be seen as similar to The Poznan .
Australian football
In contrast to other sports , the huddle is a specific tactic in Australian football , used by the team kicking in after a behind is scored , or some delayed stoppage . All players in the backline gather together about fifty meters from goal . Then , the players individually lead away from the huddle in all directions . The technique means that there will be several leading players , making it difficult to defend the first kick-in . It also allows teams to run set plays for the second and third kicks . The huddle was developed during the 1970s , and is still used today by many teams .
References
External links
Sign Language History - [ dead page tried 2014.03.27 ]
Sports terminology
American football terminology
Australian rules football terminology
Deaf sports
Australian rules football tactics
Shap Pat Heung North ( ) is one of the 39 constituencies in the Yuen Long District .
Created for the 2019 District Council elections , the constituency returns one district councillor to the Yuen Long District Council , with an election every four years .
Shap Pat Heung North loosely covers northern part of Shap Pat Heung in Yuen Long . It has projected population of 14,251 .
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Shap Pat Heung
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Yuen Long District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Wildlife is an album by American jazz musician Joe Morris , which was recorded in 2008 and released on the AUM Fidelity label . It was the debut recording by a new group featuring saxophonist Petr Cancura and drummer Luther Gray . Morris plays bass instead of guitar .
Reception
In his review for AllMusic , Phil Freeman states `` There 's a lot of Ayler in Cancura 's tone ; he 's a powerful player with a strong sense of melody , always retaining an essential cohesion within his solos , even at their most fervid . Gray is all over the kit , guiding the other two men and maintaining a forceful momentum . ''
The All About Jazz review by Troy Collins says that `` The trio embraces a wide range of spatial dynamics on this expansive set , with the majority of their probing explorations conjuring the bristling frenzy of New Thing era expressionism . ''
Track listing
All compositions by Morris / Cancura / Gray
`` Geomantic '' – 13:35
`` Thicket '' – 19:21
`` Crow '' – 10:06
`` Nettle '' – 13:34
Personnel
Joe Morris - bass
Petr Cancura – tenor sax , alto sax
Luther Gray – drums
References
2009 albums
Joe Morris ( guitarist ) albums
AUM Fidelity albums
Cass Street Bridge may refer to :
Cass Street Bridge ( Joliet , Illinois )
Cass Street Bridge ( La Crosse , Wisconsin )
Cass Street Bridge ( Tampa , Florida )
Meeting in Vienna ( Swedish : Möte i Vienna ) is a 1951 Swedish romance novel by Margit Söderholm . A woman returns to post-war Vienna twenty years after she enjoyed a romance with a student there .
References
Bibliography
Gaster , Adrian . The International Authors and Writers Who 's Who . International Biographical Centre , 1977 .
1951 Swedish novels
Novels by Margit Söderholm
Novels set in Vienna
List of people from Georgia may refer to :
List of Georgians ( from the country of Georgia )
List of people from Georgia ( U.S. state )
The Kimpton Hotel Vintage Portland , historically known as the Imperial Hotel and also as The Plaza Hotel , is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland , Oregon , United States . It was completed in 1894 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as `` Imperial Hotel '' . Since 2015 , the building has been in use as the Kimpton Hotel Vintage Portland , and prior to then it had been known as the Hotel Vintage Plaza since 1991 .
History
Construction began in 1892 , and the Imperial Hotel opened in March 1894 . The building is in the Richardsonian Romanesque architectural style . It has also been known as the Wells Building , after one of its builders , George F. Wells .
In the 1910s , the Imperial 's bathrooms were named as popular gay cruising site as the Portland vice scandal hit .
A major expansion was built in 1909 in the form of a separate building , adjacent , known as the New Imperial Hotel . At the end of 1949 , the two buildings that had comprised the Imperial were made into separate hotels , when the new building was sold . The original , 1894 building was renamed the Plaza Hotel , while the newer building retained the Imperial name ( named the Hotel Lucia since 2002 ) .
A glass false storefront was removed in a renovation done in the 1980s , revealing the structure 's lower level stonework . The hotel 's former name appears in the stonework above the Washington Street entrance . By at least the early 1980s the building 's use as a hotel had ended , although it continued to be commonly referred to as the Plaza Hotel , and was in use as an office building , formally known as Wells Financial Center . However , it suffered from a high vacancy rate , attributed in part to an excess of available office space in downtown Portland .
The building was designated a Portland historical landmark in spring 1985 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 2 , 1985 .
In 1989 , the building was acquired by Kimco Hotel Management ( now Kimpton Hotels & Restaurant Group ) and remodeled as a
boutique hotel . Renamed the Hotel Vintage Plaza , it reopened in May 1991 .
The hotel closed for a two-month , $ 16-million remodeling in early 2015 , and when it reopened in mid-March it was renamed the Kimpton Hotel Vintage Portland .
See also
Pazzo Ristorante
Gallery
References
External links
1894 establishments in Oregon
Frederick Manson White buildings
Hotel buildings completed in 1894
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Portland , Oregon
Hotels established in 1894
Portland Historic Landmarks
Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in Oregon
Southwest Portland , Oregon
Byatt is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
A. S. Byatt , DBE ( born 1936 ) , English novelist , poet and Booker Prize winner
Andy Byatt , English wildlife documentary film producer for the BBC Natural History Unit ( NHU ) in Bristol
Dennis Byatt ( born 1958 ) , English former football central defender born in Hillingdon
Horace Byatt ( 1875–1933 ) , British colonial governor
Ian Byatt ( born 1935 ) , British economist and first director general of Ofwat
Sharon Byatt , British based actress born in Liverpool , who played Irenee in Carla Lane 's Bread
See also
22724 Byatt ( provisional designation : 1998 SE59 ) , an outer main-belt minor planet
Redfearn Island ( ) is a small island in the Donskiye Islands group lying just west of Warriner Island and 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) off the west end of Breidnes Peninsula , Vestfold Hills . First plotted as two small islands by Norwegian cartographers working from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 . Replotted as a single island from ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) air photos of 1957–58 . Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia ( ANCA ) for H.T . Redfearn , diesel mechanic at Davis Station , 1961 .
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Thomas Heward-Belle ( born 11 March 1997 ) is an Australian professional association football goalkeeper who plays for Sydney FC . Heward-Belle attended the North Shore private school Barker College and played for the 1st XI there . In addition , he played for West Pymble Football Club in his junior years . Australian Goalkeeping coach Tony Franken has described Thomas to be `` one of the best young goalkeepers in the world coming through '' .
Career
Heward-Belle was called up to the Wanderers senior squad for their 2014 , and 2015 Champions League squads , and was also named in the 23-man squad for their 2014 FIFA Club World Cup campaign in Morocco , as the squads third goalkeeper .
In 2015 , he left the Wanderers and signed for the Central Coast Mariners Academy . He made his professional debut for the Mariners in the A-League during the Round 12 Boxing Day fixture against Sydney FC at Allianz Stadium as a 29th-minute substitute for Paul Izzo who was sent off for a second bookable offence . Central Coast went on to lose the match 4–1 . Heward-Belle conceded the penalty , even though diving the right way and managing to get a hand to the ball . He made spectacular saves but conceded a late 84th-minute goal to lose the match 4–1 . He played in the 3–1 win vs Wellington Phoenix in front of a 10 000 strong home crowds .
Heward-Belle was released by the Mariners in December 2016 to focus on university studies .
International career
Heward-Belle was called up to the Young Socceroos squad by Paul Okon for a series of friendlies ahead of the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup , however was an unused substitute for all 3 matches . He is also eligible to play for the Canadian national team
Honours
Club
Sydney FC
A-League Premiership : 2016–17 , 2017-18 , 2019–20
A-League Championship : 2016-17 , 2019–20
FFA Cup : 2017
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Association football goalkeepers
Australian soccer players
Australia youth international soccer players
Australian people of Canadian descent
Western Sydney Wanderers FC players
Central Coast Mariners FC players
Sydney FC players
A-League Men players
Gümüşyayla , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Sir Richmond Campbell Shakespear ( 11 May 1812 – 16 December 1861 ) was an Indian-born British Indian Army officer . He helped to influence the Khan of Khiva to abolish the capture and selling of Russian slaves in Khiva . This likely forestalled the Russian conquest of the Khiva , although it ultimately did not prevent it .
Background
Richmond Shakespear came from a family with deep ties to British activities in Asia . While his ancestors were rope-makers hailing from Shadwell ( where there was a ropewalk named after them , Shakespear 's Walk ) , by the seventeenth century , the Shakespears were involved in British military and civil service in Asia , and eventually raising families in India , although the children were still educated in England .
Richmond Shakespear was the youngest son of John Talbot Shakespear and Amelia Thackeray , who both served in the Bengal Civil Service . Amelia was the eldest daughter of William Makepeace Thackeray ( I ) , the grandfather of the novelist William Makepeace Thackeray ( II ) . He was born in India on 11 May 1812 , educated at the Charterhouse School , and entered Addiscombe Military Seminary in 1827 . He gained a commission as Second Lieutenant for the Bengal Artillery in 1828 , and moved back to India in 1829 . He was positioned in various stations in Bengal until 1837 , when he became Assistant at Gorakhpur .
Intervention in Khiva
In 1839 , he became Political Assistant to the British Mission to Herat , with his main duty as artillery instruction .
He was sent by his commander , Major d'Arcy Todd , to negotiate with the Khan of Khiva for the release of
the Russian captives held there ; which the British worried might provoke a Russian invasion . Shakespear was successful in negotiations and marched to Orenburg with 416 Russian men , women , and children . Because of this accomplishment , he was posted to Moscow and St. Petersburg where he was received by Tsar Nicholas I .
When he returned to London , he was knighted by Queen Victoria on 31 August 1841 .
After Khiva
In 1842 , Shakespear became Secretary to Major General George Pollock , who was commanding forces in Peshwar
for the relief of Sir Robert Sale at Jalalabad . In 1843 , he was appointed Deputy Commissioner of Sagar , and promoted to
Brevet Captain . Later that year , he was transferred to Gwalior , where he was promoted to Regimental Captain in 1846 , and where he remained until 1848 .
Between 1848 and 1849 , he served in the Second Anglo-Sikh War . For his services he received the Punjab Medal .
Civil duties
Shakespear returned to civil duties in Gwalior toward the end of 1849 . For the next ten years , he continued to advance in political and military roles in the British Raj , culminating in his appointment as Agent to the Governor-General for Central India .
He became a Companion of the Bath in 1860 .
He died on 16 December 1861 from bronchitis , and was survived by his wife , six daughters , and three sons . His youngest son was John Shakespear ( 1861–1942 ) .
References
Further reading
External links
Collection Papers of Richmond Shakespear at the UK National Archives
An account of the freeing of the Russian slaves at Khiva
The Shakespeare Family History Site
1812 births
1861 deaths
Bengal Artillery officers
Deaths from bronchitis
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Sikh War
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Sikh War
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Addiscombe Military Seminary
Companions of the Order of the Bath
The Great Game
Woodville is a community in Kings County of about 200 people located in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia . The community is situated north of Cambridge and Waterville at the foot of the North Mountain . Centred along Route 221 , Woodville has a volunteer fire department , a Baptist church , two auto body shops , a home run automotive mechanic business , and many family-run farms . It is administratively part of the village of Cornwallis Square . A community centre is located in the former school , built in 1942 . The former Wesley Knox United Church , built in 1921 , was sold in 2006 is now a residence and artist 's workshop .
Each spring during the Annapolis Valley Apple Blossom Festival , the community comes together to stage a chicken barbecue on Boates ' farm the Sunday of the festival , which is known for its chicken recipe that draws visitors from nearby towns .
The community was settled in the early 1800s by New England Planters who were spreading westward from their initial settlements in the Canning area . It was first known as Kinsmans Corner , after the Kinsman family who ran an early store in the centre of the community but it was renamed `` Woodville '' in 1864 by residents who voted to name it after Samuel Wood , an early settler , who purchased land there in 1807 . Samuel Wood 's house is one of the oldest houses in Woodville located on the south side of Rte 221 across from the Boates farm .
Woodville became a stop on the Cornwallis Valley Railway branchline of the Dominion Atlantic Railway in 1914 which greatly stimulated apple production . The railway ceased operation to Woodville in 1962 and farmers diversified into other crops but many large orchards remain in operation around Woodville . Major apple growers included Howard Bligh , in the past , and presently the Foote and Boates families .
Margaret Dorothy Atwood ( née Killam ) , the mother of the famous Canadian writer Margaret Atwood , was born in Woodville . Margaret Dorothy 's father , Dr. Harold Edwin Killam , served as community doctor for many years .
References
Woodville Community Centre Website
Wesley-Knox United Church of Canada ( Woodville )
Woodville United Baptist church
Communities in Kings County , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Emir Spahić ( ; born 18 August 1980 ) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played as a centre back .
During his club career , he represented teams in his homeland , Croatia , Russia , France , Spain and Germany .
He earned a total of 94 international caps , scoring 6 goals , and was the captain of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team from 2008 until the end of the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
Club career
Over the course of his career , Spahić played for Zagreb , Shinnik Yaroslavl , Lokomotiv Moscow and Anzhi Makhachkala .
He played for Zagreb and Leverkusen in the Champions League and with Montpellier , Sevilla and Lokomotiv in the Europa League .
Montpellier
On 24 June 2009 , Spahić announced that he would join newly promoted Montpellier for the 2009–10 Ligue 1 season . On his league debut against Paris Saint-Germain , he scored a header in the 94th minute for a 1–1 draw , earning his side a point .
Sevilla
On 4 July 2011 , Spahić agreed a transfer with Spanish side Sevilla for €2 million until July 2014 . His national teammate Miroslav Stevanović also transferred to Sevilla in January 2013 and upon his arrival at San Pablo International Airport , he was received by Spahić . Spahić scored his first goal for Sevilla on 5 January 2013 in a 1–0 victory against Osasuna .
Anzhi Makhachkala
On 26 February 2013 , Spahić left Sevilla on loan to Anzhi Makhachkala of the Russian Premier League . He scored his first goal for the club on 14 April 2013 against Volga Nizhny Novgorod .
Bayer Leverkusen
On 28 June 2013 , Spahić was signed by Bayer Leverkusen of the German Bundesliga on a two-year contract . He conceded a penalty and was later sent off in a Champions League last-16 first-leg game on 18 February 2014 , as Paris Saint-Germain beat Leverkusen 4–0 . On 20 April , he scored his first two goals for the club in a 4–1 league victory against 1 . FC Nürnberg .
On 30 August 2014 , 34-year-old Spahić headed in a goal from a free kick to level the score at 2–2 in a game that finished 4–2 for Leverkusen against Hertha BSC , thus ensuring his team 's unbeaten start to the season .
Spahić was sent off for two yellow cards in a 4–5 home defeat against VfL Wolfsburg on 14 February 2015 ; having been 1–4 down , the score was level at his time of dismissal .
On 30 March 2015 , Spahić was named the best defender in Europe ( in front of Martín Demichelis of Manchester City , Mats Hummels of Borussia Dortmund , Chris Smalling of Manchester United and Thiago Silva of PSG ) by International Centre for Sports Studies ( CIES ) . Spahić had his contract terminated on 12 April for headbutting a member of club 's security personnel reportedly after they refused to allow his friends entry inside the dressing room area .
Hamburger SV
On 5 July 2015 , fellow Bundesliga team Hamburger SV confirmed Spahić as the team 's newest player , signing a one-year contract lasting until June 2016 . He credited the move to his compatriot , former Hamburg player Sergej Barbarez , and expressed gratefulness at being given a second chance after his expulsion from Leverkusen . He was released by the club on 3 January 2017 .
International career
On 7 June 2003 , Spahić made his debut as a substitute against Romania at Stadionul Ion Oblemenco in Craiova . On 28 February 2006 , he scored his first international goal , in a friendly game against Japan , played in Dortmund .
Ever since his debut , he was an important member of the national team and served as their captain for a number of years . He headed a ball into the box and assisted Ermin Bičakčić who scored a crucial equalizer versus Slovakia in Žilina during the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers . Bosnia and Herzegovina came back from one goal down in that game to win 2–1 and stay top of their qualifying group for ahead of Greece .
Spahić retired from international football on 7 August 2014 . After his retirement , Bosnia lost their first game of Euro 2016 qualifiers versus Cyprus ( ranked 121 places behind Bosnia in FIFA Ranking for August 2014 ) without Spahić , which resulted in manager Safet Sušić calling him back from retirement on 22 September for the games that followed against Wales and Belgium . At the time , Bosnia 's key defenders were either injured or lacked competitive matches for their clubs , which prompted in Spahić 's call-up to the national side . Due to injury , he missed those two games and later returned to international stage against Israel on 16 November where he played the full game , his first since playing against Iran at the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
On 29 May 2016 , he scored in a 3–1 friendly loss to Spain in St. Gallen , Switzerland , and was sent off before half time for an altercation with Cesc Fàbregas .
Personal life
Spahić is a Bosniak . His father is from Sandžak , and his mother is from Gacko . They met when they were both working in Dubrovnik . Emir has two brothers , the older being Nermin and younger one Alen , who is also a football player . Spahić is a first cousin of fellow national team player Edin Džeko .
Spahić is a fan of tennis , and has followed live matches in Dubai , Barcelona , Montpellier and Paris .
He is enrolled at the University of Sarajevo , majoring in sport and physical education .
Aside from his native Bosnian , Spahić speaks English , Spanish , French , German and Russian to varying degrees of fluency .
On 30 August 2019 , Spahić was involved in a car accident , when his SUV rolled over on the road , sustaining multiple , but not life-threatening injuries .
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Bosnia and Herzegovina 's goal tally first .
Honours
Zagreb
1 . HNL : 2001–02
Lokomotiv Moscow
Russian Cup : 2006–07
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Dubrovnik
Bosnia and Herzegovina people of Montenegrin descent
Croatian Muslims
Association football central defenders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
2014 FIFA World Cup players
NK Čelik Zenica players
NK GOŠK Dubrovnik players
NK Zagreb players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Montpellier HSC players
Sevilla FC players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
Hamburger SV players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Second Football League ( Croatia ) players
Croatian Football League players
Russian Premier League players
Ligue 1 players
La Liga players
Bundesliga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in France
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Violence in sports
Hisponinae is a subfamily of jumping spiders ( family Salticidae ) . The subfamily has six known extant genera and three extinct genera .
Description
Members of the subfamily Hisponinae have a distinctive constriction or furrow in the carapace just behind the small eyes . They share some features with those of the much larger subfamily Salticinae , such as reduction of the size of the posterior median eyes , and the loss of the conductor of the palpal bulb . Hisponine females have a very much reduced tarsal claw on the pedipalp ( salticines have lost this claw altogether ) .
Taxonomy
The group was first described by Eugène Simon in 1901 as `` Hisponeae '' . It has subsequently been treated as the subfamily Hisponinae , often using the informal name `` hisponines '' .
Phylogeny
The relationships among the basal salticids are not yet fully resolved ; summary cladograms published in both 2014 and 2015 show unresolved branching for five basal subfamilies . However , Hisponinae is resolved as sister to Salticinae , the most derived subfamily .
Genera
, the subfamily included six extant genera :
Hispo Simon , 1886
Jerzego Maddison , 2014
Massagris Simon , 1900
Tomobella Szűts & Scharff , 2009
Tomocyrba Simon , 1900
Tomomingi Szűts & Scharff , 2009
Some genera have been described by Alexander Petrunkevitch from Baltic amber :
†Almolinus Petrunkevitch , 1958
†Gorgopsina Petrunkevitch , 1955
†Prolinus Petrunkevitch , 1958
References
Salticidae
Spider subfamilies
Jan Gerard Kerkherdere ( 7 November 1677 – 16 March 1738 ) was a Dutch Latinist . He was a Latin teacher at the Collegium Trilingue in Leuven , in the Spanish Netherlands ( from 1713 known as the Austrian Netherlands ) . Kerkherdere provoked controversy over his analyses of the Old Testament . His name in Latin was Ioannes Gerardus Falcoburgensis .
Biography
Kerkherdere was born in Hulsberg , Staats-Overmaas , Netherlands , in the Valkenburg region ( French : Fauquemont ) . The latter is reflected in his Latin name . Erroneously , his place of birth is sometimes indicated as Valkenburg or Wijnandsrade . He was a son of Jan Kerkherdere , alderman of the court of Climen , and of Maria Roebroox . He attended Latin school with the Jesuits in Maastricht . In 1694 he moved to Leuven , where he studied liberal arts . Kerkherdere was a student at the , at the former Old University of Leuven . He graduated two years later as a philosopher ( 1696 ) . He continued his studies in classical languages ​​as well as theology , after which he received his diploma in the year 1700 . He was never ordained . He spoke Latin , Greek and Hebrew fluently .
From 1700 until his death in 1738 he was professor of Latin at the Collegium Trilingue in Leuven . During his career as a Latinist , Kerkherdere was often asked to write Latin verses for festivities and special occasions . For example , he would proclaim a new Austrian governor or an anniversary at the university . He was known for the publication of a grammar of the Latin language . Readers appreciated his explanation of the rules and the exceptions without citing copious examples . In 1722 Emperor Joseph I of the Holy Roman Empire appointed him Imperial Historiographer .
As an historiographer , Kerkherdere published on the Old Testament . His analyses were not always appreciated . During his life , but also after his death , some of his theses became controversial , namely when he saw a relationship between civil history and the biblical books .
Kerkherdere married Anna Maria Caulants in 1719 . He died in Leuven in 1738 .
Works
All his publications were in Latin .
Grammatica latina in faciliorem methodum redacta additis anomaliarum causis . Leuven , 1st edition in 1706 .
Systema apocalypticum . Leuven , 1st edition in 1708 . This is where his research work on the Old Testament began .
Prodroma Danielicus , sive novi conatus historici critici in celeberrimas difficultates historiae Veteris Testamenti , monarchiarum Asiae et ac praecipue Danielem prophetam . Study on the prophet Daniel and princes in the Near East .
Monarchia Romae paganae , secundum concordiam inter Sanctos Prophetas Danielem et Joannem nunquam hactenus tentatum . Consequens historia a Monarchia conditoribus usque ad Urbis et Imperii ruinam , opus praemissum quatuor monarchiis . Accedit series Historiae Apocalypticae . Leuven , 1st edition 1727 . He received critical acclaim for this work on the relationship between ancient Rome and the Bible .
De situ Paradisi terrestris . Leuven , 1731 . This work deals with the location of the Garden of Eden .
There are several compilations of his poems . One of these is his ode on the accession to the throne of Emperor Charles VI of the Holy Roman Empire and thus the new Duke of Brabant ( Peace of Utrecht ( 1713 ) ) : Carolus sextus semper augustus inauguratur dux Brabantiae .
References
1677 births
1738 deaths
Dutch Latinists
Latinists
People from Hulsberg
People from Limburg ( Netherlands )
Historiographers
Dutch historians
Brachygalba is a genus of bird in the Galbulidae family .
It contains the following species :
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Totino is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Rose Totino ( 1915–1994 ) , American frozen pizza company co-founder
Jim Totino ( 1911–1981 ) , American frozen pizza company co-founder and husband of Rose Totino
Totino-Grace High School , an American Catholic high school named in their honor
Totino 's , an American brand of frozen pizza products currently owned by General Mills
Salvatore Totino ( born 1964 ) , American cinematographer
Italian-language surnames
USS Sablefish ( SS/AGSS-303 ) , a , was a ship of the United States Navy named for the sablefish , a large , dark fish found along North America 's Pacific coast from California to Alaska .
Construction and commissioning
Sablefish was laid down on 5 June 1943 by the Cramp Shipbuilding Company at their site in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . She was launched on 4 June 1944 , sponsored by Mrs. Carol S. Burrough , wife of Captain Edmund W. Burrough , the former commanding officer of the light cruiser . Sablefish was commissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard in Philadelphia on 18 December 1945 .
Service history
Following a shakedown cruise from Naval Submarine Base New London in New London , Connecticut , to Balboa , Panama Canal Zone , Sablefish conducted type training in the Panama area until mid-May 1946 . She then returned to her home port , New London , and spent the remainder of 1946 supporting antisubmarine warfare exercises off the United States East Coast , participating in fleet exercises off Bermuda , and making a three-week cruise off Greenland .
Sablefish′s duty in 1946 established a pattern for her operations during much of her subsequent career . Highlights of her service for the next few years included testing a new type of submarine escape buoy in January 1948 and again in September 1948 ; participating in ceremonies at Havana , Cuba , on 14 February 1948 , the 50th anniversary of the sinking of the battleship ; conversion to a Fleet Snorkel submarine during the first half of 1951 ; and a starring role in one of Edward R. Murrow 's See It Now television shows .
On 15 July 1952 , Sablefish broadened her experience by departing New London and proceeding to the Mediterranean Sea for her first deployment with the United States Sixth Fleet . After exercises with other U.S. warships and vessels of the navies of North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) allies during the rest of the summer , Sablefish returned to New London in October 1952 . Thereafter , she made six more deployments to the Mediterranean .
When operating on the western side of the Atlantic Ocean , Sablefish was busy with exercises which took her as far north as Nova Scotia , Canada , and south to the Caribbean .
In June 1959 , Sablefish was one of the U.S. Navy 's representatives at the opening of the St. Lawrence Seaway in Canada , and she operated in the Great Lakes until mid-August 1959 . A second cruise up the St. Lawrence River returned her to the Great Lakes in 1961 .
In May 1967 , Sablefish again headed east across the Atlantic , but this time , instead of transiting the Straits of Gibraltar for service with the Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean , she visited ports in the British Isles and along the Atlantic coast of Europe in France , West Germany , Denmark , and Sweden . On her homeward voyage , she also stopped at Iceland .
Sablefish began her last Mediterranean deployment in the fall of 1968 and returned to New London on 1 February 1969 . On 30 June 1969 , while operating from New London , she was reclassified as an `` auxiliary submarine '' and accordingly redesignated AGSS-303 .
Decommissioning and disposal
Sablefish was decommissioned at New London on 1 November 1969 and struck from the Navy list the same day . She was subsequently stripped , then sold for scrap on 29 July 1971 .
Awards
American Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal
National Defense Service Medal with star
References
External links
Balao-class submarines
Cold War submarines of the United States
Ships built by William Cramp & Sons
1944 ships
The Queen 's Birthday Honours 1900 were announced on 23 May 1900 in celebration of the birthday of Queen Victoria . The list included appointments to various orders and honours of the United Kingdom and British India .
The list was published in The Times on 23 May 1900 and on 24 May 1900 ( Irish honours ) , and the various honours were gazetted in The London Gazette on 23 May 1900 , on 1 June 1900 and on 8 June 1900 .
The recipients of honours are displayed or referred to as they were styled before their new honour and arranged by honour and where appropriate by rank ( Knight Grand Cross , Knight Commander etc . ) then division ( Military , Civil ) .
Peerages
Baron
The Right Honourable Michael Morris , Lord Morris
The Right Honourable Sir Peter O'Brien , Bart .
Sir Richard Webster , Bart. , GCMG , QC , MP
Her Majesty has also approved the grant to Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal of a new Patent , with remainder to his daughter .
Privy Council
Lord Justice Gerald FitzGibbon
Sir Frederick Milner , Bart. , MP
Privy Council of Ireland
Dermot Bourke , 7th Earl of Mayo
Baronet
Sir George Hayter Chubb
James Timmins Chance , Esq .
Edward Walter Greene , Esq .
Arthur Tredgold Lawson , Esq .
Thomas Wrightson , Esq. , MP
Knight Bachelor
Charles Clement Bowring , JP of Park Grange , Derby
Professor Hector Clare Cameron , MD , University of Glasgow
Henry Homewood Crawford ,
John Glover , Chairman of Lloyd 's Shipping Registry
Thomas Godfrey Carey , Bailiff of Guernsey
John Groves ,
Professor Richard Claverhouse Jebb , MP
Riley Lord , Mayor of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Colin George Macrae , late Chairman Edinburgh School Board
James C. O′Dowd , CB
Alderman William Haswell Stephenson , former Mayor of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Arthur James Richens Trendell , CMG
William Ward , Her Majesty 's Consul-General at Hamburg
John Watney , FSA
James Williamson , Director of Dockyards to the Admiralty
British Empire
Honourable William Bisset Berry , MD , QC , Speaker of the House of Assembly , Cape of Good Hope
William Wilson Mitchell , CMG , Member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon
David Palmer Ross , MD , CMG , Surgeon-General of British Guiana
Francis Pratt Winter , CMG , Chief Judicial Officer of British New Guinea
Allan Arthur , President of the Bengal Chamber of Commerce , late Sheriff of Calcutta and a Member of the Council of the Viceroy of India
Charles Arnold White , Chief Justice of Madras
Ireland
Daniel Hegarty , Lord Mayor of Cork
William McLearn , Mayor of Londonderry
Joseph Downes , High Sheriff for the City of Dublin
Alfred Graham Dobbin , High Sheriff for the City of Cork
Thomas Henry Cleeve , High Sheriff for the City of Limerick
Thomas W. Robinson , Chairman of the Kingstown Urban District Council
John William Moore , President of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland
John Malcolm Inglis , President of the Dublin Chamber of Commerce
Thomas Drew , President of the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland
Other later 1900 Knights Bachelor
Matthew Ingle Joyce , a justice of the Court of Justice . ( December 14 )
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath ( GCB )
Military Division
General Sir Charles Cooper Johnson , , Indian Staff Corps .
Lieutenant-General Sir Baker Creed Russell , , Colonel 13th Hussars , Commanding the Troops , Southern District .
General Sir William Olpherts , , Colonel-Commandant Royal ( late Bengal ) Artillery .
Civil Division
The Right Honourable the Earl of Jersey ,
Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath ( KCB )
Military Division
Colonel Frederick John Keen , , Indian Staff Corps .
General John Louis Nation , , Indian Staff Corps .
General Sir Thomas Edward Gordon , , Indian Staff Corps .
Lieutenant-Colonel and Colonel ( Honorary Major-General ) John Hills , , Royal ( late Bombay ) Engineers .
Major-General Hugh McCalmont , , Commanding Cork District .
Lieutenant-General Edward Hopton , , Colonel Connaught Rangers , Lieutenant-Governor and General Officer Commanding the Troops , Jersey .
Lieutenant-General George Digby Barker , , Governor and Commander-in-Chief , Bermuda .
Lieutenant-General Henry Le Guay Geary , , Royal Artillery , President Ordnance Committee .
Major-General Thomas Fraser , , Royal Engineers , Commanding Thames District .
Major-General John Frederick Maurice , , Royal Artillery , Commanding Woolwich District .
General Alexander George Montgomery Moore , Colonel 18th Hussars , Commanding Aldershot
Civil Division
John Samuel Purcell , Esq. , , late Controller of Stamps and Stores , and Registrar of Joint Stock Companies , Inland Revenue Department
David Gill , Esq. , , Her Majesty 's Astronomer , Cape of Good Hope
William Conyngham Greene , Esq. , , of Her Majesty 's Diplomatic Service , late British Agent at Pretoria
Henry Augustus Robinson , Esq. , , Vice-President Local Government Board , Ireland
Companion of the Order of the Bath ( CB )
Military Division
Surgeon - General Henry Skey Muir , Deputy Director-General , Army Medical Service .
Major-General Edmund Smith Brook .
Lieutenant-Colonel and Colonel Vincent Rivaz , Indian Staff Corps .
Colonel Andrew McCrae Bruce , Bengal Infantry .
Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Celadon Charles Brownlow , Indian Staff Corps .
Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Edward Molloy , Indian Staff Corps .
Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Robert Alexander Swetenham , Indian Staff Corps .
Colonel George Hand More-Molyneux , , Indian Staff Corps , Colonel on the Staff , India .
Colonel William John Vousden , , Indian Staff Corps , Colonel on the Staff , India .
Colonel ( temporary Brigadier-General ) Henry Pipon , Colonel on the Staff for Royal Artillery , India .
Colonel ( temporary Major-General ) Frederick Wilson Hemming , Commanding Cavalry Brigade , Aldershot ( temporarily ) .
Colonel Hugh Gough Grant , Regimental District .
Colonel Richard Charles Hare , Regimental District .
Colonel Charles Hervey Bagot , Royal Engineers , Deputy Inspector-General of Fortifications , Headquarters of Army .
Colonel Arthur Robert Ford Dorward , , Colonel on the Staff for Royal Engineers , Wei-hai-Wei .
Colonel Edward Roberts , Army Pay Department .
Lieutenant-Colonel George Vaughan Hamilton , late Army Service Corps .
Veterinary-Lieutenant-Colonel ( temporary Veterinary-Colonel ) Henry Thomson , Army Veterinary Department .
Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin Bloomfield Connolly , Surgeon-Lieutenant-Colonel , late Army Medical Staff .
Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edmund Spencer Eardley Childers , Royal Engineers .
Civil Division
Alfred Bonham Carter , , late Referee of Private Bills , House of Commons
William Donaldson , , late of the Scottish Prison Commission
James Brown Dougherty , , Assistant Under-secretary , Dublin Castle
James Gairdner , , late of the Public Record Office
Edward Stafford Howard , , Senior Commissioner of Her Majesty 's Woods and Forests
Colonel Herbert William Jackson , employed with the Egyptian Army
John Arrow Kempe , , Deputy-Chairman Customs Establishment
Charles Dowson Lang , , Controller Savings Bank Department , General Post Office
Alexander Carnegie Ross , , British Consul at Lorenzo Marques
Major John Trenchard Tennant , Assistant Secretary , Board of Agriculture
Charles Inigo Thomas , , Principal Clerk , Admiralty
Thomas Edward Thorpe , , Principal of the Government Laboratory , Somerset House
Order of the Star of India
Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India ( KCSI )
His Highness Maharao Umed Singh Bahadur , of Kotah .
Companion of the Order of the Star of India ( CSI )
Henry Martin Winterbotham , Esq. , Indian Civil Service .
Arthur Henry Temple Martindale , Esq. , Indian Civil Service .
Frederick Robert Upcott , Esq. , Secretary .to the Government of India in the Public Works Department .
Herbert Charles Fanshawe , Esq. , Indian Civil Service .
Edward Norman Baker , Esq. , Indian Civil Service .
Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George ( GCMG )
Sir Henry Mortimer Durand , , Her Majesty 's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the Emperor of China , for his services in China .
Sir Claude Maxwell MacDonald , , Her Majesty 's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the Shah of Persia , for his services in Persia .
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George ( KCMG )
Alfred Edmund Bateman , Esq. , CMG , Comptroller-General of the Commercial , Labour and Stratistical Department of the Board of Trade , for services in connection with commercial negotiations with foreign countries .
Ewen Cameron , Esq. , Managing Director of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation , for services to Her Majesty 's Government with regards to affairs in China
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG )
Joseph Flint , Esq. , Agent-General for Nigeria
Harry English Fulford , Esq. , Her Majesty 's Consul at Newchwang
Alfred St. John , Esq. , Esq. , Her Majesty 's Consul-General at Callao
Hamilton Hunter , Esq. , Acting British Counsul at Samoa
Claude William Kinder , Esq. , MICE , for services in connection with Railways in North China
Charles Coles , Esq . ( Coles Pasha ) , Director-General of the Egyptian Prisons Department
Order of the Indian Empire
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire ( GCIE )
His Highness Saramad-i-Rajaha-i-Hindustan , Raj Rajindra Sri Maharajadhiraj Sawai Sir Madho Singh Bahadur , of Jaipur , G.C.S.I .
His Highness Saramad-i-Rajaha-i-Bundelkhand Maharaja Mabindra Sawai Sir Pratap Singh Bahadur , of Orchha , K.C.I.E .
Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire ( KCIE )
Sahibzada Muhammad Obeidullah Khan , C.S.I , Minister of Tonk in Rajputana .
Companions of the Order of the Indian Empire ( CIE )
Diwan Bahadur Pakam Rajaratna Mudaliyar , Inspector-General of Registration , Madras .
Walter Charleton Hughes , Esq. , Chairman of the City of Bombay Improvement Trust .
Colonel Sydney Long Jacob , R.E. , Chief Engineer and Secretary to the Government of the Punjab in the Public Works Department .
Lieutenant-Colonel Aylmer Martin Crofts , Indian Medical Service .
Edmund Penny , Esq. , Superintending Engineer and late Secretary .to the Chief . Commissioner of . the Central Provinces , in the Public Works Department .
Henry Marsh , Esq. , Superintending Engineer , Irrigation Department , North-Western Provinces .
Captain Bertrand Evelyn Mellish Gurdon , D.S.O. , Assistant Political Agent at Chitral .
George Macartney , Esq. , Assistant to the Resident in Kashmir for Chinese Affairs .
Rai Bahadur Kailash Chandra Bose .
Henry Felix Hertz , Esq. , Assistant Superintendent of Police , Burma .
Honorary Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire ( CIE )
General Houtum Schindler .
Kaisar-i-Hind Medal
Abdul Husain Adamji Pirbhai , Esq. , Justice of the Peace , Councillor of the Bombay Municipal Corporation , and late Sheriff of Bombay .
His Highness the Maharaja of Bikaner .
Captain Alfred Horsford Bingley , Indian Staff Corps .
Oswald Vivian Bosanquet , Esq. , Indian CivilService , Political Agent in Bhopawar , Central India .
Major-General Charles John Burnett , C.B. , British Service , Commanding the Poona District .
Denis Calnan , Esq. , Indian Civil Service , Magistrate and Collector , North-West Provinces and Oudh .
Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Neil Campbell , M.B. , Indian Medical Service , Civil Surgeon of Shillong .
Alfred Chatterton , Esq. , Indian Educational Service , Professor in the College of Engineering , Madras .
Major-General Thomas Arthur Cooke , President of the Plague Committee , Karachi , 1897 .
The Maharaja Rameshwara Singh Bahadur , of Darbhanga in Bengal , Additional Member of the Council of the Governor-General for making laws and regulations .
Major-General Sir William Forbes Gatacre , K.C.B. , D.S.O. , Chairman of the . Plague Committee of Bombay City , 1896 , 1897 .
His Highness the Maharaja of Gwalior , G.C.S.I .
Walter Home , Esq. , M.I.C.E. , Superintending Engineer , Joihpur , Rajputana .
Robert Humphreys , Esq. , B.A. , Indian Civil Service , Deputy Commissioner of Hissar , Punjab .
The Maharani of Hatwa in the Saran District , Bengal .
Captain Charles Henry James , Indian Medical Service , Plague Medical Officer in the Jullundur and Hoshiarpur District .
Khaehar Ala Chela , C.S.I. , Chief of Jasdan in the Bombay Presidency .
Richard Amphlett Lamb , Esq. , Indian Civil Service , Magistrate and Collector , Ahmednagar .
Sir Francis William Maclean , K.C.I.E. , Q.C. , Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature , Fort William , Bengal , and Chairman of the General Committee of the Indian Famine Charitable Relief Fund .
Francis St. George Manners Smith , Esq. , Executive Engineer of Ajmere , Rajputana .
Vishwanath Patankar Madhava Rao , Esq. , C.I.E. , Member of the State Council of Mysore .
Behramji Mehrvanji Malabari , Esq. , Justice of the Peace , Proprietor and Editor of the Indian Spectator , Bombay .
Muhammad Yusuf Ismail , of Rangoon .
Rai Bahadur Nanak Chand , Minister to His Highness the Maharaja Holkar of Indore .
Colonel Duncan George Pitcher , Indian Staff Corps , Director of Land Records , Gwalior State .
Henry Sharp , Esq. , M.A. , Indian Educational Service , Inspector of Schools , Central Provinces , and Famine Relief Officer , Bstul District .
William Didsbury Sheppard , Esq. , Indian Civil Service , Magistrate and Collector , Poona .
Donald Mackenzie Smeaton , Esq. , M.A. , C.S.L , Indian Civil Service , Honorary Secretary of the General Committee of the Indian Famine Charitable Relief Fund .
Smarta Sri Ram , Rai.Bahadur , M.A. , LL.B. , Honorary Magistrate and Vice-Chairman of Lucknow Municipality , Member of Legislative Council , North-West Provinces and Oudh .
Rai Bahadur Trimbak Rao Nilkant Deshmukh , Extra Assistant Commissioner and Superin- tendent of the Raj Nandgaon State , Central Provinces .
Raja Venugopala Bahadur of Venkatagiri , Madras Presidency .
Nawab Sir Vikar-ul-Umra , Bahadur , K.C.I.E. , Minister to His Highness the Nizam of Hyderabad .
Edgar Francis Latimer Winter , Esq. , Indian Civil Service , Magistrate aud Collector in the North-West Provinces and Oudh .
References
Birthday Honours
1900 awards
1900 in the United Kingdom
William Garrett Wright is an American poet , editor , and writer . Raised in Edgefield , South Carolina , Wright has worked as an educator at institutions such as Emory University , Oxford College at Emory University , and The University of Tennessee . His poems have been published in Oxford American , AGNI , Antioch Review , Kenyon Review , and Shenandoah , among others . His first book of poetry , Dark Orchard , was published in 2005 . His third book , Tree Heresies , was released in 2015 and won Wright the 2016 Georgia Author of the Year ( Poetry ) award . Specter Mountain , a collaborative volume of poems written with Jesse Graves , won the Appalachian Book of the Year award in 2019 .
Life
Wright was born and raised in Edgefield , South Carolina . He earned a B.A . in English from the University of South Carolina Aiken , an M.A . in English from Sam Houston State University , and a Ph.D. in English ( Creative Writing ) from the University of Southern Mississippi .
In the spring of 2016 , he served as University of Tennessee Department of English Writer-in-Residence .
Wright is the series editor for The Southern Poetry Anthology .
Selected bibliography
Poetry collections
Grass Chapels : New and Selected Poems . Mercer University Press .
Tree Heresies . Mercer University Press .
Night Field Anecdote . Louisiana Literature Press .
Bledsoe . Texas Review Press .
Dark Orchard . Texas Review Press .
Chapbooks
April Creatures . Blue Horse Press .
Xylem & Heartwood . Finishing Line Press .
Sleep Paralysis . Stepping Stone Press .
The Ghost Narratives . Finishing Line Press .
Collaborative full-length
Specter Mountain . Mercer University Press . ( Co-written with Jesse Graves ) , 2018 .
Creeks of the Upper South . Jacar Press and Unicorn Press ( jointly published ) . ( Co-written with Amy Wright ) , 2016 .
As editor
Broken Hallelujah : The New and Selected Poems of Jack Butler . Texas Review Press , 2015 .
Why He Does n't Sleep : The Selected Poems of Stephen Gardner . Texas Review Press , 2013 .
As co-editor
Hard Lines : Rough South Poetry . University of South Carolina Press , 2016 . ( Co-edited with Daniel Cross Turner ) .
The World Is Charged : Poetic Engagements with Gerard Manley Hopkins . Clemson University Press and Liverpool University Press , 2016 ( Co-edited with Daniel Westover ) .
As series editor and volume co-editor
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume VIII : Texas . Texas Review Press , 2018 .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume VII : North Carolina . Texas Review Press , 2014 .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume VI : Tennessee . Texas Review Press , 2013 . ( Co-edited with Jesse Graves & Paul Ruffin ) .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume V : Georgia . Texas Review Press , 2012 . ( Co-edited with Paul Ruffin ) .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume IV : Louisiana . Texas Review Press , 2011 . ( Co-edited with Paul Ruffin ) .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume III : Contemporary Appalachia . Texas Review Press , 2010 . ( co-edited with Jesse Graves & Paul Ruffin ) .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume II : Mississippi . Texas Review Press , 2010 . ( Co-edited with Stephen Gardner ) .
The Southern Poetry Anthology , Volume I : South Carolina . Texas Review Press , 2007 . ( Co-edited with Stephen Gardner ) .
References
Poets from South Carolina
21st-century American poets
Writers from South Carolina
University of Southern Mississippi alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Edgefield , South Carolina
Cranbrook ( formally Cranbrook College ) was an independent co-educational school , located in Ilford , Greater London , England . The Cognita Group owned and operated the school until its closure in 2016 . At that time the school covered the full range of academic years from Nursery to Year 11 . Previously , in 2011 , Cranbrook had merged with Glenarm College , another Cognita school in Ilford .
History
Cranbrook School ( formerly known as Cranbrook College ) was founded in 1896 as a boy only school . The school was acquired by Cognita Schools Limited in April 2007 .
In January 2011 , Cranbrook and Glenarm Colleges integrated into a new site at Mansfield Rd , adjacent to the existing Cranbrook College campus . The schools , which shared the same founder , then re-branded themselves under the new title of Cranbrook and were fully co-educational .
Cranbrook School closed in July 2016 because of reduced pupil numbers .
Buildings
Initially , the school consisted of the main building on 34 Mansfield Road and an old building exiting onto Cranbrook Road . The old building comprised 4 main classrooms , the school hall , library , science lab and art room .
In 1992 , the school opened the Thornley building , a 2-storey raised building over the main playground . This building comprised two rooms ( `` T1 '' and `` T2 '' ) on the first floor and a larger third room ( `` T3 '' ) spanning the entire building on the second storey which could be partitioned into two smaller rooms . T3 was initially the art room but later became the computer room in the early 2000s . The art room moved to the old building above the science lab where the original computer room was situated .
Following the merger , with Glenharm Collage the school had invested four million pounds into new building facilities . The school purchased the `` Waverley Lodge Care Home '' building next door to the school and expanded the preparatory department within the new space .
Notable former pupils
Ian Greer ( 1933-2015 ) , political lobbyist , who had a very successful career , until the 1994 Cash-for-questions affair
Former Head teachers
Mr Gerald Reading
Mr Charles Lacey
References
Cognita
Educational institutions established in 1896
Educational institutions disestablished in 2016
Ilford
1896 establishments in England
Defunct schools in the London Borough of Redbridge
2016 disestablishments in England
The 25 June 2011 Logar province bombing was a suicide car bombing that occurred on 25 June 2011 in Azra District , Logar Province , Afghanistan targeting Akbar Khail hospital , a 10-bed facility near the Pakistani border , killing at least 43 people , including children , pregnant women , and medical staff . The suicide bomber drove a sport utility vehicle through the front gate of the facility , striking a guard , before detonating his explosives . The blast destroyed the one-story hospital and buried people under the rubble . The Taliban denied responsibility for the attack , claiming the perpetrator to be `` someone with an agenda , '' possibly the Haqqani network .
References
Sources
At least 20 killed in suicide bombing in east Afghanistan . Retrieved : 25 September 2011 .
Afghanistan suicide attack kills 35 . Retrieved : 25 September 2011 .
2011 murders in Afghanistan
Mass murder in 2011
Mass murder in Afghanistan
Terrorist incidents in Afghanistan in 2011
Suicide car and truck bombings in Afghanistan
Logar Province
June 2011 events in Afghanistan
Attacks on buildings and structures in Afghanistan
Attacks in Afghanistan in 2011
Aleh Akhrem ( born 12 March 1983 ) is a Belarusian former volleyball player with Polish citizenship , former member of the Belarusian national team , Greek Champion ( 2008 ) , Polish Champion ( 2012 , 2013 , 2015 ) , Turkish Champion ( 2017 ) . He currently serves as an assistant coach for Asseco Resovia .
Personal life
Aleh was born in Grodno . On 5 January 2011 , he received Polish citizenship ( he changed his name as a result ) . He is married to Natalia . They have two sons - Igor and Daniel ( born 20 January 2011 ) .
Career
Clubs
He was one of the main players and later the captain of the Polish club Asseco Resovia , from 2009 to 2016 . Then , he spent two seasons in the Turkish clubs . With Halkbank Ankara he became the 2017 Turkish Champion . In May 2018 , Akhrem came back to Poland , to Aluron Virtu Warta Zawiercie
National team
He competed with the Belarusian national team at the 2013 European Championship .
Sporting achievements
Clubs
CEV Champions League
2008/2009 – with Iraklis Thessaloniki
2014/2015 – with Asseco Resovia
CEV Cup
2011/2012 – with Asseco Resovia
National championships
2001/2002 Belarusian Championship , with Kommunalnik Grodno
2002/2003 Belarusian Championship , with Kommunalnik Grodno
2004/2005 Belarusian Cup , with Kommunalnik Grodno
2004/2005 Belarusian Championship , with Kommunalnik Grodno
2005/2006 Belarusian Championship , with Kommunalnik Mogilev
2006/2007 Belarusian Championship , with Kommunalnik Mogilev
2007/2008 Greek SuperCup , with Iraklis Thessaloniki
2007/2008 Greek Championship , with Iraklis Thessaloniki
2008/2009 Greek SuperCup , with Iraklis Thessaloniki
2011/2012 Polish Championship , with Asseco Resovia
2012/2013 Polish Championship , with Asseco Resovia
2013/2014 Polish SuperCup , with Asseco Resovia
2014/2015 Polish Championship , with Asseco Resovia
2016/2017 Turkish Championship , with Halkbank Ankara
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Grodno
Naturalized citizens of Poland
Belarusian men 's volleyball players
Greek Champions of men 's volleyball
Polish Champions of men 's volleyball
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate volleyball players in Greece
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate volleyball players in Poland
Iraklis V.C . players
Resovia ( volleyball ) players
Halkbank volleyball players
Galatasaray S.K . ( men 's volleyball ) players
Warta Zawiercie players
Outside hitters
The hooded warbler ( Setophaga citrina ) is a New World warbler . It breeds in eastern North America and across the eastern United States and into southernmost Canada ( Ontario ) . It is migratory , wintering in Central America and the West Indies . Hooded warblers are very rare vagrants to western Europe .
Recent genetic research has suggested that the type species of Wilsonia ( hooded warbler W. citrina ) and of Setophaga ( American redstart S. ruticilla ) are closely related and should be merged into the same genus . As the name Setophaga ( published in 1827 ) takes priority over Wilsonia ( published in 1838 ) , hooded warbler would then be transferred as Setophaga citrina . This change has been accepted by the North American Classification Committee of the American Ornithologists ' Union , and the IOC World Bird List . The South American Classification Committee continues to list the bird in the genus Wilsonia .
Taxonomy
The French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon described the hooded warbler in 1779 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Louisiana . The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon 's text . Neither the plate caption nor Buffon 's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Muscicapa citrina in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées .
The hooded warbler was formerly placed in the genus Wilsonia . A molecular phylogenetic study of the family Parulidae published in 2010 found that the hooded warbler was embedded in a clade that contained species then assigned to Dendroica as well as two of four species of Parula and the monotypic genera Catharopeza and Setophaga . To create a monophyletic genus , all members of the clade were placed in the expanded genus Setophaga , which under the rules of the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature , had priority . The genus Setophaga had been introduced by the English naturalist William Swainson in 1827 .
The species is monotypic ; no subspecies are recognised . The genus name Setophaga is from Ancient Greek ses , `` moth '' , and , `` eating '' , and the specific citrina is Latin for citrine .
Description
The hooded warbler is a small bird and mid-sized warbler , measuring in length and weighing . The hooded warbler has a wingspan of 6.9 in ( 17.5 cm ) . It has a plain olive/green-brown back , and yellow underparts . Their outer rectrices have whitish vanes . Males have distinctive black hoods which surround their yellow faces ; the female has an olive-green cap which does not extend to the forehead , ears and throat instead . Males attain their hood at about 9–12 months of age ; younger birds are essentially identical to ( and easily confused with ) females . The song is a series of musical notes which sound like : wheeta wheeta whee-tee-oh , for which a common mnemonic is `` The red , the red T-shirt '' or `` Come to the woods or you wo n't see me '' . The call of these birds is a loud chip .
Life history
These birds feed on insects , which are often found in low vegetation or caught by flycatching . Hooded warblers ' breeding habitats are broadleaved woodlands with dense undergrowth . These birds nest in low areas of a bush , laying three to five eggs in a cup-shaped nest . Hooded warblers are often the victims of brood parasitism by the brown-headed cowbird , especially where the hooded warblers ' forest habitats are fragmented . In areas with protected woodlands or recovering wooded habitat , the hooded warbler population is stable and possibly increasing .
Gallery
References
External links
Hooded warbler species account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Hooded warbler – Wilsonia citrina – USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Stamps ( for Cuba , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ) with Range Map at bird-stamps.org
Hooded warbler bird sound at Florida Museum of Natural History
hooded warbler
Native birds of the Eastern United States
Birds of Appalachia ( United States )
Birds of Central America
Birds of the Caribbean
Birds of the Dominican Republic
hooded warbler
Taxa named by Pieter Boddaert
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Marc Eugene Lottering ( born 4 December 1967 ) is a stand-up comedian from Cape Town , South Africa , and grew up in the Retreat townships of the Cape Flats .
His first show was titled `` AFTER THE BEEP '' in 1997 .
In 2001 he won the Vita Award for Best Actor in a Comedy , and he has also multiple Fleur du Cap Awards .
In 2010 he was part of the Bafunny Bafunny show at the Royal Albert Hall .
In 2010 he married his partner of ten years , Anwar McKay .
In 2017 he staged a musical with a full ensemble and original music called `` Aunty Merle the Musical '' - the show ran for three sold out seasons in Cape Town and opened for a season in Johannesburg in 2019 which was well received .
In 2019 he wrote a new stand up show entitled `` Not A Musical '' which runs in Joburg 27 May - 9 June before moving to Cape Town
References
South African male comedians
1967 births
Living people
`` Fire Call '' is a bugle call which signals that there is a fire on the post or in the vicinity . The call is also used for fire drill .
Music
References
Bugle calls
Stephen J. Kaltenbach ( born 1940 ) is an American artist and author based in Sacramento , California .
Early life and education
Kaltenbach was born in Battle Creek , Michigan . He attended the University of California , Davis between 1963 and 1967 , earning a B.A . and M.A . At UC Davis , Kaltenbach studied alongside notable artists including David Gilhooly , Richard Shaw and Bruce Nauman .
Career
After graduating , Kaltenbach spent three years in New York City , producing paintings and a variety of conceptual work including bronze time capsules , graffiti , sidewalk plaques and hoax advertisements . He exhibited alongside Richard Serra , Eva Hesse , Alan Saret and Bruce Nauman at the Leo Castelli Gallery show `` Nine '' in 1968 , and had a solo exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1969 .
In 1970 Kaltenbach left the New York contemporary art world and returned to California , taking up a position at California State University , Sacramento where he taught until 2005 . Kaltenbach chose to refashion his practice in California , abandoning public conceptual work and instead adopting the persona of a `` Regional Artist '' with a focus on figurative sculpture and portraiture .
Kaltenbach has also produced public art pieces for the city of Sacramento .
A retrospective of his career entitled 'Kaltenbach : The Beginning and The End ' was exhibited at the Manetti Shrem Museum of Art at UC Davis in 2020 .
Notable works
Kaltenbach remains best known for the conceptual work he produced in the late 1960s , with recent exhibitions of his bronze time capsules and other pieces from that era .
His most notable painting is Portrait of my Father ( 1972–79 ) , on display at the Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento , California .
He is also known for work inspired by a found object known as the `` Slant Step '' which was discovered by William T. Wiley and Bruce Nauman . He has produced drawings , sculptures , films and other work related to the step , most notably Slant Step 2 , now in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art .
Public collections
Kaltenbach 's work is part of a number of public collections , including the Museum of Modern Art , the National Gallery of Art , the Crocker Art Museum , the Walker Art Center and the Kröller-Müller Museum .
References
External links
Artist 's website
Artsy profile
`` Bad Ideas '' , a profile of Kaltenbach 's exhibition `` Nuclear Projects and Other Works ''
Works at Bert Green Fine Art
American artists
1940 births
University of California , Davis alumni
California State University , Sacramento faculty
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
Living people
Calvary Christian Church is a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches , the Assemblies of God in Australia .
Calvary Leadership College
Calvary Leadership College is the bible college of Calvary Christian Church , training future pastors and leaders from churches all over Australia and other countries . At current the leadership college offers diplomas in Church Leadership , Ministry and Business .
Calvary Christian College
Linked with the Townsville Church is Calvary Christian College , a K-12 independent Christian school founded in 1978 . It has seen over 700 students pass through its doors since it was founded .
See also
Australian Christian Churches
References
External links
Calvary Christian College website
Australian Christian Churches website
Churches in Queensland
Pentecostal churches in Australia
Australian Christian Churches
Townsville
Sunshine Coast , Queensland
Christian organizations established in 1924
1924 establishments in Australia
Evangelical megachurches in Australia
Wölpe is a river of Lower Saxony , Germany . It is about long and a left tributary of the Alpe .
The Wölpe has its source in a depression southeast of , a village in the borough of Nienburg and flows towards the northeast . In front of Rethem the Weiße Graben ( `` White Ditch '' ) links the Wölpe with the Alpe . The Alpe-Wolpe-Umfluter then discharges into the Aller near Wohlendorf in the borough of Rethem . The waterway has been considerably straightened . It flows through woods , grassland and cultivated fields . According to the 2000 Water Quality Chart issued by the NLWKN it is critically polluted throughout ( quality class II−III ) .
History
At about from the source near the Nienburg village of Erichshagen-Wölpe the Wölpe flows by the mound on which the former castle of the counts of Wölpe stood . During the Middle Ages the waterway was widened into a moat for the security of the fortified position and flowed around the castle built in the 12th century . After the destruction of the site in the 17th century the castle moat and the Wölpe were filled with rubble .
About further on near Heemsen the Wölpe flows into the wood by the site of the 9th century castle . Here , too , the stream was probably used as part of the defences .
See also
List of rivers of Lower Saxony
References
Rivers of Lower Saxony
Rivers of Germany
The 1856 Djijelli earthquakes occurred on August 21 and 22 near the coastal area of northern Algeria . The magnitude of the two shocks are unknown , but each had a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX ( Violent ) . Each of these high intensity shocks were felt as far as Genoa in Northern Italy and were followed by a tsunami that affected the Mediterranean Sea . Three people were killed as a result of the second event .
See also
List of earthquakes in Algeria
List of historical earthquakes
List of tsunamis
References
Further reading
1856 earthquakes
Earthquakes in Algeria
1850s tsunamis
August 1856 events
1856 in Africa
Tsunamis in Algeria
Earthquake clusters , swarms , and sequences
Live at the Village Vanguard may refer to :
George Adams & Don Pullen
Live at the Village Vanguard ( George Adams & Don Pullen album ) , 1983
Live at the Village Vanguard Vol . 2 , 1983
Kenny Burrell
A Night at the Vanguard , 1959
Kenny Burrell Live at the Village Vanguard , 1978
John Coltrane
Live ! at the Village Vanguard , 1962
Live at the Village Vanguard Again ! , 1966
Bill Evans
Sunday at the Village Vanguard , 1961
Turn Out the Stars : The Final Village Vanguard Recordings , 1996
The Complete Village Vanguard Recordings , 1961 , 2005
Elvin Jones
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Elvin Jones album ) , 1968
Live at the Village Vanguard Volume One , 1984
Hank Jones , Ron Carter and Tony Williams
The Great Jazz Trio at the Village Vanguard , 1977
The Great Jazz Trio at the Village Vanguard Vol . 2 , 1977
The Great Jazz Trio at the Village Vanguard Again , 2000
Joe Lovano
Quartets : Live at the Village Vanguard , 1994
On This Day ... Live at the Vanguard , 2003
Brad Mehldau
Live at the Village Vanguard : The Art of the Trio Volume Two , 1998
Art of the Trio 4 : Back at the Vanguard , 1999
Brad Mehldau Trio Live , recorded 2006 , released 2008
Paul Motian
At the Village Vanguard , 1995
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Paul Motian album ) , 2007
Live at the Village Vanguard Vol . II ( Paul Motian album ) , 2008
Live at the Village Vanguard Vol . III , 2011
Junko Onishi
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Junko Onishi album ) , 1994
Live at the Village Vanguard Vol . II ( Junko Onishi album ) , 1995
Art Pepper
Thursday Night at the Village Vanguard , 1979
Friday Night at the Village Vanguard , 1979
Saturday Night at the Village Vanguard , 1979
More for Les at the Village Vanguard , 1985
Chris Potter
Lift : Live at the Village Vanguard , 2004
Follow the Red Line : Live at the Village Vanguard , 2007
Christian McBride
Live at the Village Vanguard ( 2015 Christian McBride album )
Live at the Village Vanguard ( 2021 Christian McBride album )
Others
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Geri Allen album ) , 1990
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Uri Caine Trio album ) , 2004
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Dizzy Gillespie album ) , 1967
Panorama : Live at the Village Vanguard , Jim Hall , 1997
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Tom Harrell album ) , 2002
Folklore : Live at the Village Vanguard , Vincent Herring , 1993
Live at the Village Vanguard ( The Thad Jones / Mel Lewis Orchestra album ) , 1967
Fire ! Live at the Village Vanguard , David Newman , 1990
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Michel Petrucciani album ) , 1984
Spirit of the Moment - Live at the Village Vanguard , Joshua Redman , 1995
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Marc Ribot album ) , 2014
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Red Rodney album ) , 1980
Stepping Stones : Live at the Village Vanguard , Woody Shaw , 1978
McCoy Tyner Plays John Coltrane : Live at the Village Vanguard , 2001
Live at the Village Vanguard ( Chucho Valdes album ) , 2000
The Git Go - Live at the Village Vanguard , Mal Waldron , 1987
…at the Village Vanguard
Charlie Byrd at the Village Vanguard , 1961
Betty Carter at the Village Vanguard , 1970
Junior Mance Trio at the Village Vanguard , 1961
Gerry Mulligan and the Concert Jazz Band at the Village Vanguard , 1960
A Night at the Village Vanguard , Sonny Rollins , 1957
…at the Vanguard
Nights at the Vanguard , Tommy Flanagan , 1986
Sunday Night at the Vanguard , Fred Hersch , 2016
Hi Jinx at the Vanguard , Red Rodney and Ira Sullivan , 1984
See also
Village Vanguard , New York
The treaty of Rinsk , concluded on 2 November ( O.S . ) / 12 November ( N.S . ) 1655 , was a Ducal-Royal Prussian alliance during the Second Northern War . Frederick William I , Elector of Brandenburg and duke of Prussia , and the nobles of Royal Prussia agreed to allow Brandenburgian garrisons in Royal Prussia to defend it against the imminent Swedish invasion . The important towns of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , Thorn ( Toruń ) and Elbing ( Elbląg ) did not participate in the treaty and were not garrisoned by Brandenburgian troops , and except for Danzig surrendered to Sweden . The remainder of Royal Prussia , except for Marienburg ( Malbork ) was overrun by Sweden and Frederick William I 's forces pursued to Königsberg ( now Kaliningrad ) , where he was forced to accept Swedish overlordship in the Treaty of Königsberg in January 1656 .
Sources
References
Bibliography
Second Northern War
1655 treaties
Rinsk
Rinsk
17th-century military alliances
1655 in Europe
1655 in Sweden
1655 in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
István Ballér or Balliér ( August 28 , 1760 – April 2 , 1835 ) was an ethnic Slovene Lutheran priest , dean of Zala and Somogy , and writer . He lived and worked in the Kingdom of Hungary .
Born in the Slovene March ( Prekmurje ) in the village of Lončarovci ( then officially Gerőháza ) , he received his schooling in Őrség and Nemescsó and higher education in Sopron . He was a cantor and then teacher among the Somogy Slovenes in Kissomlyó , relocated to Porrogszentkirály in 1784 , and was then dean of the county from 1805 onward .
Ballér strongly opposed the official replacement of Prekmurje Slovene by Hungarian in the 1830s . He wrote several hymns in the Prekmurje dialect of Slovene .
Literature
Vili Kerčmar : Evangeličanska cerkev na Slovenskem , Murska Sobota 1995 .
Franc Šebjanič : Protestantsko gibanje panonskih Slovencev , Pomurska založba 1977 .
See also
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
Magyarization
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
Slovenian Lutheran clergy
Slovenian writers
1760 births
1835 deaths
18th-century Hungarian male writers
19th-century Hungarian male writers
People from the Municipality of Moravske Toplice
Moses of Évreux was a French tosafist , and author of a siddur , who flourished at Évreux in Normandy in the first half of the thirteenth century . His father was Shneur of Évreux who left behind three children each of them outstanding scholars : Moses of Évreux , Samuel of Évreux and Isaac of Évreux . Moses was the oldest brother and teacher of his younger brothers . They were collectively called `` the sages of Évreux '' .
Gross identifies him with Moses ben Shneor , the teacher of the author of Sefer ha-Gan , a commentary on the Pentateuch . Others have generally supposed to him to be the son of Yom-Ṭov , referred to in Elijah Mizraḥi 's responsa ( No . 82 ) .
The Tosafot of Évreux , much used by tosafists , was his work . He is quoted in the tosafot on Berakot , and his name is frequently written . His tosafot are called also Shiṭṭah of Évreux . Moses wrote his tosafot on the margin of a copy of Isaac Alfasi , whose authority he invoked .
References
Its bibliography :
Michael , Or ha-Ḥayyim , No . 1118 ;
Zunz , Z. G. p. 39 ;
Carmoly , Ben Chananja 1861 , p. 195 ;
Gross , Gallia Judaica , p. 40 ;
Steinschneider , Cat . Bodl . col. 1814 .
French Tosafists
13th-century French rabbis
he : תוספות איוורא # רבי משה בן רבי שניאור
Khisa ( ) is a 2020 Marathi language short film directed by Raj Pritam More with Kailash Waghmare , Meenakasi Rathod , Shruti Madhudeep , Sheshpal Ganvir , Vedant Shrisagar the lead roles . The movie is official selected at 51st International Film Festival of India .
Cast
Kailash Waghmare
Meenakasi Rathod
Shruti Madhudeep
Dr Sheshpal Ganvir
Vedant Shrisagar
Awards and nominations
Official selection at 51st Indian International Film Festival 2021
Official selection at Montreal Independent Film Festival Canada 2020 and 26th ( KIFF ) Kolkata International Film Festival 2020 .
Official Selection at Dioroma International film festival 2020 .
Official Selection at ( Jiff ) Jaipur international film festival 2020 .
Official Selection at Singapore international film festival 2020 .
Official Selection at Dublin International FIlm Festival
Official Selection at Mumbai International Cult FIlm Festival
Official Selection at Dioroma Indie Shorts Awards Buenos Aires , Argentina 2021 .
References
External links
Khisa at Filmfreeway
2020s Marathi-language films
2020 films
Indian short films
2020 short films
Omiodes demaratalis , the Hawaiian grass leafroller , is a species of moth in the family Crambidae . It is endemic to the Hawaiian islands of Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Maui and Hawaii .
The larvae feed on various grasses , such as Panicum species ( including Panicum purpurascens and Panicum torridum ) , Sporobolus virginicus , Digitaria pruriens and Paspalum conjugatum . They roll the leaves of their host plant . Full-grown larvae are 22–25 mm long and grass green .
The pupa is 12 mm long and very dark brown . The pupal period lasts about 12 days .
External links
Insects of Hawaii
demaratalis
Moths described in 1859
Endemic moths of Hawaii
Chambers House or Chambers Farmstead or Chambers Farm or Chambers Barn or variations may refer to :
in the United States ( by state )
Chambers-Robinson House , Sheffield , Alabama , listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in Colbert County , Alabama
Chambers Ranch , Colorado Springs , Colorado , listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in El Paso County , Colorado
Chambers House ( College Avenue , Newark , Delaware ) , listed on the NRHP in New Castle County , Delaware
Chambers House ( Hopkins Bridge Road , Newark , Delaware ) , listed on the NRHP in New Castle County , Delaware
William Chambers House , Carnesville , Georgia , listed on the NRHP in Banks County , Georgia
Robert Chambers House , Burlington , Kentucky , listed on the NRHP in Boone County , Kentucky
A. E. Chambers Octagonal Barn , Petersburg , Kentucky , listed on the NRHP in Boone County , Kentucky
C. Scott Chambers House and Funeral Parlor , Walton , Kentucky , listed on the NRHP in Boone County , Kentucky
Whittaker Chambers Farm , Westminster , Maryland , NRHP-listed
John Chambers House , St. Ignace , Michigan , NRHP-listed
Maxwell Chambers House , Salisbury , North Carolina , listed on the NRHP in Rowan County , North Carolina
Chambers-Morgan Farm , White Store , North Carolina , listed on the NRHP in Anson County , North Carolina
Brigman-Chambers House , Weaverville , North Carolina , listed on the NRHP in Buncombe County , North Carolina
Matthew C. Chambers Barn , Albany , Oregon , listed on the NRHP in Linn County , Oregon
Frank L. and Ida H. Chambers House , Eugene , Oregon , NRHP-listed
Fred E. Chambers House and Grounds , Eugene , Oregon , NRHP-listed
Joseph and Virginia Chambers Farmstead , Newberg , Oregon , listed on the NRHP in Yamhill County , Oregon
C. E. Chambers House , Mitchell , South Dakota , listed on the NRHP in Davison County , South Dakota
Samuel A . Chambers House , Abilene , Texas , listed on the NRHP in Taylor County , Texas
Chambers House ( Beaumont , Texas ) , a historic house museum of Texas
Hodges-Hardy-Chambers House , Wichita Falls , Texas , listed on the NRHP in Wichita County , Texas
Pearl and Eva Chambers House , Eau Claire , Wisconsin , listed on the NRHP in Eau Claire County , Wisconsin
Chambers-Markle Farmstead , La Crosse , Wisconsin , listed on the NRHP in La Crosse County , Wisconsin
Andy Chambers Ranch Historic District , Moose , Wyoming , NRHP-listed
See also
Chambers Building ( disambiguation )
Interstate 440 ( I-440 ) and Highway 440 ( AR 440 ) , in the central part of the US state of Arkansas , form a partial loop of connecting U.S. Highway 67 ( US 67 ) , US 167 , and I-40 with I-30 and I-530 near Little Rock . I-440 , known as the East Belt Freeway during planning and construction , travels through much of the area 's industrial core in the eastern part of the metropolitan area , near Clinton National Airport and the Port of Little Rock . The route is mostly a six-lane freeway . North of the route continues as AR 440 until it reaches US 67/US 167 ( Future I-57 ) in Jacksonville . This section is known as the North Belt Freeway .
Route description
I-440 begins at I-30 at a large interchange with I-530 . After this interchange , I-440 intersects AR 365 ( Springer Boulevard ) and Bankhead Drive near Clinton National Airport ( formerly Little Rock National Airport ) . The highway continues across Lindsey Road northeast to cross the Arkansas River . I-440 has interchanges with US 165 and US 70 before terminating at I-40 . On the northside of I-440 transitions to AR 440 , an extension of I-440 built to Interstate standards . AR 440 runs northeast to Jacksonville , connecting North Little Rock 's easternmost neighborhoods with US 67/US 167 ( Future I-57 ) .
To avoid repeating the disturbance of the Fourche Creek floodplain by a causeway section of I-30 ( including what is now the I-30/I-440/I-530 interchange ) , most of I-440 between I-30 and the exit leading to the airport is an extended bridge through the floodplain , crossing Fourche Creek several times .
History
The idea of I-440 was first proposed in 1941 .
I-440 is part of a planned full loop around the metropolitan area , together with I-430 . Part of that effort , an extended route from I-440 's east end at I-40 to US 67/US 167 , opened in 2003 as AR 440 and is also part of the North Belt Freeway project . However , completing the North Belt Freeway to I-430 has been put on hold after its cost was estimated at over $ 600 million .
AR 440 may be renamed I-440 when I-57 is designated along US 67 .
Exit list
References
40-4 Arkansas
40-4
440 Arkansas
State highways in Arkansas
Transportation in Pulaski County , Arkansas
Michael E. Moran ( born May 1962 in Kearny , New Jersey ) is an American author and analyst of international affairs and digital transformation who currently serves as a senior executive at the technology firm Microshare . A commentator and digital documentarian who has held senior positions at a host of media , financial services , and consulting organizations , Moran spent the bulk of his early career as a foreign policy journalist , culminating as a partner and chief macro-strategist at the global consultancy Control Risks . He is author of The Reckoning : Debt , Democracy and the Future of American Power , published in 2012 by Palgrave Macmillan . He is co-author of The Fastest A Billion : The Story Behind Africa 's Economic Revolution . Moran served as editor-in-chief at the investment bank Renaissance Capital and has been a collaborator of renowned economist Nouriel Roubini as well commentator for Slate , the BBC and NBC News . He was an adjunct professor of journalism at Bard College ( 2004-2016 ) , a visiting fellow in Peace and Security at the Carnegie Corporation of New York ( 2015-2018 ) , and currently lectures on political risk at the University of Denver . He conceived of and served as executive producer of the award-winning Crisis Guides documentary series for the Council on Foreign Relations .
Biography
Moran 's career has included periods at major media outlets : Senior correspondent , MSNBC.com ( 2003–05 ) ; senior producer , International News and Special Reports , MSNBC.com ( 1996–2003 ) ; U.S. affairs analyst , BBC World Service ( 1993–96 ) ; senior editor , Radio Free Europe ( 1990–93 ) , former reporter for Associated Press , St. Petersburg Times , Sarasota Herald-Tribune ( 1985–88 ) .
Moran also served as Hearst New Media Fellow at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and was a longtime board member of the Overseas Press Club , as well as a judge of its annual awards . His work has appeared in The New York Times , The Washington Post , Newsweek , The Economist , The Spectator ( UK ) , The Guardian , The New Leader , and has spoken on National Public Radio and in many other outlets . He has lectured at dozens of universities and think tanks around the world .
From 2005 to June 2009 , he served as executive editor of CFR.org , the website of the Council on Foreign Relations . Moran was a foreign affairs columnist for Globalpost.com , and a member of the communications advisory board of Human Rights Watch . From 2009 to May 2011 , he served as vice president , executive editor and senior geostrategy analyst at Roubini Global Economics , the macro/strategy consultancy founded by economist Nouriel Roubini .
Publications
Moran 's book , The Reckoning : Debt , Democracy and the Future of American Power , was published in 2012 by Palgrave Macmillan . In the book , Moran argues that US policymakers reacted incorrectly to the 2008 financial crisis , exacerbating US problems , but that demographics and cultural factors still make the US the economy to watch in the 21st century - a good thing for the many smaller countries who undervalue the role American influence and power plays in their own economic stability .
Starting in 2008 , Moran led a team that received a series of Emmy awards for documentary work . In 2008 , he served as Executive Producer of a team that won a News & Documentary Emmy award for Crisis Guide : Darfur , an interactive multimedia feature on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan 's Darfur region . He repeated the following year ( 2009 ) , winning the Emmy in the `` New Approaches to Business and Financial Coverage '' category for Crisis Guide : The Global Economy . In April 2011 , `` Crisis Guide : Pakistan '' received an Overseas Press Club award . In 2012 , Moran and his team won its third Emmy with Crisis Guide : Iran , the final in the series .
As a columnist , Moran may be best known for his work during his years at MSNBC.com , Brave New World . One column in particular , written in December , 1999 , was entitled `` Times 's Up for the Taliban '' and , citing the threat Osama bin Laden presented to major cities in the United States , advocated a U.S.-led coalition of like-minded states invade and capture the al-Qaida leader . He broke the 2004 story of inadequate armor on American Humvee patrol vehicles , a revelation which , combined with the quick , angry response of service parents , ultimately forcing the Pentagon to spend tens of millions to `` back-armor '' the vehicles . Jack H. Jacobs , a retired U.S. Army colonel awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War , said of Moran 's Humvee reporting was `` an important story that helped save countless lives . All the more impressive because wartime makes it hard to bring this kind of stuff to light . ''
References
American male journalists
Living people
People from Kearny , New Jersey
1962 births
Chui Chung-San ( often known as Shu Zhong Xin , Hsu Zhong-Xin or Alan Hsu ; born 16 August 1952 is a Hong Kong actor , director , choreographer , martial artists and stuntman . He has been known with being highly solid action director and stuntman . Chui is well known for the movies such as The Rebellious Reign , Kung Fu Vs. Yoga , Two Fists Against the Law and 7 Grandmasters , as well various Television shows from Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Chui is mostly in charge for directing various wireless television series .
He is also critically acclaimed for choreograph and co-directing Ching Siu-tung 's A Chinese Ghost Story .
Background
While attending to school , he often would get expelled from fighting with other students . At the age of ten , he was sent to Peking Opera school for the acrobatic training and stunts . Soon after finishing his studies at Peking Opera , he soon joined Shaw Brothers to carrying on with his career as an action director .
Throughout his career he made over 130 films including with various stunt work and acting role ( usually appear as a villain or old master role ) . Chui is known for working mostly for the Taiwanese movies as an action director and actor .
Beginning of career
Beginning of 1970 , he became a stuntman for the companies such as Golden Harvest and Shaw Brothers studios . As well being on screen stuntman , he also worked on various TVB productions of martial art and Chinese historical drama . He would appear as an extra role in the likes of movies such as Hapkido , Enter the Dragon , When Taekwondo Strikes and plenty more . Alongside with Sammo Hung , Jackie Chan , Ching Siu-tung and others , Chui worked on various extra role or minor roles throughout the 1970s .
He also worked in various independent movie studios and mostly the extra in Shaw Brothers pictures , mostly under Chor Yuen 's direction and would frequently appear as a supporting actor or extras until 1978 , such as To Kill a Jaguar ( 1977 ) , The Sentimental Swordsman ( 1977 ) , Clans of Amazon ( 1978 ) , The 36th Chamber of Shaolin ( 1978 ) and others .
Action director and major role
Later around 1979 and 1980 , Chui became known with for roles such as 7 Grandmasters ( 1978 ) , Kung Fu Vs. Yoga ( 1979 ) and Two Fists Against the Law ( 1980 ) , as well as being an action director for the first time in the movies such as Shaolin Ex Monk in 1978. and John Woo 's Last Hurrah for Chivalry ( 1978 ) .
Alan would also frequently can be seen in the Taiwanese productions through later 1970s to early 1980s , such as Born Invincible ( 1978 ) , Revenge of the Shaolin Master ( 1979 ) , Zen Kwan Do Strikes Paris ( 1981 ) , The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang ( 1982 ) , Dragon Lord ( 1983 ) and others .
He also helped his long-time friend Ching Siu-tung for the choreography for two films through 1986~1987 . He first collaborated with Tung to choreograph the Witch from Nepal ' starring Chow Yun-fat and Emily Chu . Along with the collaborations with Tung , Philip Kwok , and Lau Chi Ho , he shared the award for the best action choreography . The second collaboration with Tung was A Chinese Ghost Story in 1987 , mainly supervising on the wiring action sequence and the stunt double for the early Leslie Cheung . Along with the previous action choreographer crew members ( Tung , Kwok , Ho and Bobby Wu ) , he was nominated for the best choreographer of 1987 . Alan would later help Wilson Yip for the choreography for the same wiring stunt sequence technique on the 2011 remake of the A Chinese Ghost Story .
Alan would also direct his own low budget action movies such as Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop ( 1995 ) starring Yuen Biao and Cynthia Khan and Bloody Secret ( 2000 ) starring Anthony Wong and Ray Lui .
Throughout the 2005 and 2011 , Alan would reunite with the director Johnnie To ( Who previously worked in two films starring Tony Leung Chiu-wai , The Royal Scoundrel ( 1991 ) and Tomorrow ( 1995 ) ) and would work on some of the critically acclaimed films such as Breaking News , Election 2 and Life Without Principle . After the release of Life Without Principle in 2011 , he took a break from the film and focusing on the television series and more wired stunts . Until in 2016 , he returned to the big screen in Once Upon a Time in Macau - The Way of the Tiger in 2016 .
Present time
Alan is still working on a various Television shows in the recent years . Currently he has been appeared in 2017 Hong Kong drama series known as Line Walker : The Prelude as one of the villain role .
Chui also began to working on as a movie producer as well as working on the martial art movie campaign in 2015 .
He also runs his own stuntman association groups , training more than over 100 students with the essence of martial arts and stunts for the action movies .
Personal life
Chui has been married to Taiwanese wife . He has two children whose names are Chui Ea-Luen ( son ) and Chui Yik-Mei ( daughter ) .
Filmography
Filmography as an actor
Come Drink with Me ( 1966 ) – One of the Little Kids
The Rescue ( 1971 ) – extra
Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan ( 1972 ) – extra
The Casino ( 1972 ) – Gambler ( extra )
Hapkido ( 1972 ) – Hapkido Student
The Young Avenger ( 1972 ) – Liu 's Bandit
( 1972 ) – Shi 's soldier fellow
Duel of the Dragons ( 1973 ) – extra
Tiger ( 1973 ) – Japanese ( extra )
Iron Bull ( 1973 ) – extra
The Awakening Punch – Thug ( extra )
Fist of Unicorn ( 1973 ) – Street troupe
Enter the Dragon ( 1973 ) – Guard ( extra )
When Taekwondo Strikes ( 1973 ) – Japanese who gets beaten
The Rendezvous of Warriors ( 1973 )
The Rats ( 1973 ) – Pickpocket
Chinese Hercules ( 1973 ) – extra
Little Tiger of Canton ( 1973 ) – extra
Angry Tiger ( 1973 )
Ambush ( 1973 ) – extra
The Tournament ( 1974 ) – Japanese student
Superior Youngster ( 1974 ) – Thug
Naughty ! Naughty ! ( 1974 ) – Boss Feng 's Thug
The Man with the Golden Gun ( 1974 )
The Young Dragons ( 1975 ) – extra
Gambling Syndicate ( 1975 ) – Casino thug
The Super Inframan ( 1975 ) – extra
Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold ( 1975 ) – thug
The Golden Lion ( 1975 ) – extra
Flatfoot in Hong Kong ( 1975 ) - Casino Police Informer ( uncredited )
Killer Clans ( 1976 ) – Chuan 's Man
The Web of Death ( 1976 ) – One of 3 Heroes of West Moon
The Magic Blade ( 1976 ) – Assassin Bum
Bruce Lee and I ( 1976 ) – Thug at the bar
You Are Wonderful ( 1976 ) – Killer with knife
Oily Maniac ( 1976 ) – extra
The Girlie Bar ( 1976 ) – extra
Bruce Lee : The Man , The Myth ( 1976 ) – Bruce Lee 's Student
Brotherhood ( 1976 ) – Hsing 's Gangster
Wrong Side of the Track ( 1976 ) – Rascal
Judgement of an Assassin ( 1977 )
To Kill a Jaguar ( 1977 ) – extra
Last Strike ( 1977 ) – Piao 's Thug
The Sentimental Swordsman ( 1977 ) – Hei She
The Adventures of Emperor Chien Lung ( 1977 ) – extra
Death Duel ( 1977 ) – Yen 's challenger at the woods
The Instant Kung Fu Man ( 1977 ) – Mok Sai
Broken Oath ( 1977 ) – One of Qi 's men
The Fatal Flying Guillotines ( 1977 ) – Hero with 3 section staff
Mantis Fists and Tiger Claws of Shaolin ( 1977 ) – Thug ( extra )
Pursuit of Vengeance ( 1977 ) – Devil 's Sword/Imposter/Assassin
The Supernatural ( 1978 )
Snake in the Eagle 's Shadow , Part II ( 1978 ) – Tan Kwan Yung
Shaolin Ex Monk ( 1978 ) – Chih Kung
7 Grandmasters ( 1978 ) – Ku Yi Fung
Born Invincible ( 1978 ) – Pa Chu ( Senior )
The Proud Youth ( 1978 ) – Four Friends from Plum Garden
Clan of Amazons ( 1978 ) – Chongwei 's Soldier
Flying Guillotine , Part II ( 1978 ) – extra
Swordsman and Enchantress ( 1978 ) – Black Inn 's Thug
Soul of the Sword ( 1978 ) – Pai Kwa Hall 's Swordsman
Legend of the Bat ( 1978 ) – Gentleman Sword
The 36th Chamber of Shaolin ( 1978 ) – Soldier
Dragon of the Swordsman ( 1978 ) – Assassin with flying Guillotine
Dirty Tiger , Crazy Frog ( 1978 ) – gets pickpocketed at Casino
Game of Death ( 1978 ) – extra
Revenge of the Pink Panther ( 1978 ) – extra
Golgo 13 : Assignment Kowloon ( 1978 ) – Kuroi Ryu
Incredible Kung Fu Mission ( 1979 ) – Lo Tung
A Massacre Survivor ( 1979 ) – Ling 's blade fighter
Revenge of the Shaolin Master ( 1979 ) – Chiu Chun 's Thug
Last Hurrah for Chivalry ( 1979 ) – Oriental Fighter
The Challenger ( 1979 ) – The Spear Fighter
Kung Fu Vs. Yoga ( 1979 ) – Wu Shing
Two Fists Against the Law ( 1980 ) – Fang Er
Devil Killer ( 1980 ) – Liu Da Long
War of the Shaolin Temple ( 1980 )
Shaolin Temple Against Lama ( 1980 ) – Cha Hsiu
The Rebellious Reign ( 1980 ) – Pak Tai Hau
The Loot ( 1980 ) – Thief Black Wolf
Daggers 8 ( 1980 ) – Wang Chen Pang
Black Eagle 's Blades ( 1981 )
Zen Kwun Do Strikes in Paris ( 1981 ) – Ken Shiu ( Liu 's Friend )
Kung Fu from Beyond the Grave ( 1982 ) – Fang Zheng
Night Orchid ( 1982 )
Miraculous Sword Art ( 1982 )
Dragon Lord ( 1983 ) – Lu Chen 's Gang Member
Swordsman Adventure ( 1983 )
Angry Young Man ( 1983 ) – Liu Ping
The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang ( 1983 )
Shaolin Vs. Ninja ( 1983 )
Demon Strike ( 1984 ) – Fan Kuei
Five Fighters from Shaolin ( 1984 ) – Kum Dat Jin
The Innocent Interloper ( 1986 ) – Opera Performer ( Cameo )
The Good Buddies ( 1987 ) – Japanese Fighter
Project A Part II ( 1987 ) – Policemen ( Cameo )
Manchester Death Warrant ( 1990 )
The Fun , the Luck and the Tycoon ( 1990 ) – Robber ( Uncredited )
The Killer 's Blues ( 1990 ) – Suet 's Father Killed by Ming
The Killer ( 1990 ) – title char ( cameo )
The Story of My Son ( 1990 ) – Policeman with debt
The Monks From Shaolin ( 1991 )
The Fatal Game ( 1991 ) – Hu Xiongdi
The Fatal Mission ( 1991 )
Royal Scoundrel ( 1991 ) – Lo To Keung
Running on Empty ( 1991 )
The Queen of Gamble ( 1991 ) – Kitaro
The Little Shaolin Monk ( 1992 )
Direct Line ( 1992 ) – Lai Jun Tao
Girls Without Tomorrow ( 1992 ) – Brother Er
Powerful Four ( 1992 ) – Suspect in Teahouse
Angel Terminators ( 1992 )
Bogus Cops ( 1993 ) – Man bragging at bar
The Secret File ( 1993 )
The Wild Girls ( 1993 )
Last Hero in China ( 1993 ) – Lui Yat Siu
Beyond the Copline ( 1993 )
S. D. U . Mission in Mission ( 1994 ) – Mao Ying
Tomorrow ( 1995 )
Fatal Assignment ( 1995 )
Drugs Fighters ( 1995 ) – Main villain
Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop ( 1995 ) – Peter Wu
Scarred Memory ( 1996 ) – Hu Shing
Street of Fury ( 1996 ) – Kwong Yan Fai
Haunted Karaoke ( 1997 ) – Francis Chui
Return of Dragon ( 1998 ) – Japanese boss
Gold Rush ( 1999 ) – Tsui Bill
No Sweat ( 2000 )
Prostitute Killers ( 2000 ) – Brother Shark
Man Wanted 3 ( 2000 ) – Brother Wind
Breaking News ( 2004 ) – Chun 's Target
Election 2 ( 2006 ) – Uncle Tank
Hong Kong Bronx ( 2008 ) – Uncle Man
I Corrupt All Cops ( 2009 ) – Bo Xing/Limp
Turning Point ( 2009 ) – Master Da
Vengeance ( 2009 ) – George Fung 's Bodyguard
Adventure of the King ( 2010 ) – Beggar
A Chinese Ghost Story ( 2011 ) – Prisoner
Life Without Principle ( 2011 ) – Sung 's thug
Punished ( 2011 ) – Yao 's ex-triad boss
Once Upon a Time in Macau - The Way of the Tiger ( 2016 )
My Alien Girlfriend ( 2017 ) - Luo Bo Tu
Kungfu Stuntmen ( 2020 ) - Himself
Quan Dao : The Journey of a Boxer ( 2020 )
Filmography as an action director and assistant action director
The Instant Kung Fu Man ( 1977 ) – ( assistant action director ) uncredited
Snuff Bottle Connection ( 1977 ) – ( assistant action director ) uncredited
Shaolin Ex Monk ( 1978 )
Ways of Kung Fu ( 1978 )
Snake & Crane Arts of Shaolin ( 1978 ) – ( assistant action director ) uncredited
Iron Fisted Eagle 's Claw ( 1979 )
Last Hurrah for Chivalry ( 1979 )
Kung Fu Vs. Yoga ( 1979 )
The Incredible Kung Fu Mission ( 1979 ) – ( assistant action director ) uncredited
Fighter of Death ( 1979 ) – uncredited
The Rebellious Reign ( 1980 )
Shaolin Temple Against Lama ( 1980 )
War of the Shaolin Temple ( 1980 )
Two Fists Against the Law ( 1980 )
Zen Kwan Do Strikes Paris ( 1981 ) – uncredited
Shaolin Temple Strikes Back ( 1981 )
Black Eagle 's Blade ( 1981 )
Miraculous Sword Art ( 1982 )
Kung Fu from Beyond the Grave ( 1982 )
Crazy Horse , Intelligent Monkey ( 1982 )
Night Orchid ( 1982 )
Shaolin Vs. Ninja ( 1983 )
Demon Strike ( 1984 )
Witch from Nepal ( 1986 )
A Chinese Ghost Story ( 1987 )
The Inspector Wears Skirts ( 1988 )
Midnight Angel ( 1990 )
Fatal Mission ( 1991 )
The Killer ( 1991 )
Direct Line ( 1992 )
The Inspector Wears Skirts IV ( 1992 )
Painted Skin ( 1992 )
Super Lady Cop ( 1992 )
The Thief of Time ( 1992 )
The Wild Girls ( 1993 )
Magic Sword ( 1993 )
Hero – Beyond the Boundary of Time ( 1993 )
Fatal Seduction ( 1993 )
The Trail ( 1993 )
Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop ( 1995 )
Drug Fighters ( 1995 )
Street of Fury ( 1996 )
Haunted Karaoke ( 1997 )
Leopard Hunting ( 1998 )
White Storm ( 2000 )
Man Wanted 3 ( 2000 )
Boxing Hero ( 2003 )
Internet Disaster ( 2003 )
A Chinese Ghost Story ( 2011 film ) ( 2011 )
Nightmare ( 2011 )
Filmography as director
The Incredible Kung Fu Mission ( 1979 ) – ( assistant director )
Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop ( 1995 )
Bloody Secret ( 2000 )
Television series
Drama
The Legend of the Condor Heroes ( 1983 )
Invincible Swordsman ( 1984 )
Genghis Khan ( 1987 )
Zheng Cheng Gong ( 1987 )
Wing Chun ( 1988 )
The Justice of Life ( 1988 )
The Hunter 's Prey ( 1990 )
The Witness of Time ( 1990 )
On the Edge ( 1991 )
The Commandments ( 1992 )
Gik Dok Hung Leng ( 1992 )
The Intangible Truth ( 1994 )
The Criminal Investigator II ( 1996 )
Once Upon a Time in Shanghai ( 1996 )
Weapons of Power ( 1997 )
War and Remembrance ( 1998 )
A Smiling Ghost Story ( 1998 )
Highs and Lows ( 2012 )
Silver Spoon , Sterling Shackles ( 2012 )
Friendly Fire ( 2012 )
Highs and Lows ( 2012 )
Silver Spoon , Sterling Shackle ( 2012 )
Always and Ever ( 2013 )
Brother 's Keeper ( 2013 )
ICAC Investigators 2014 ( 2014 )
Young Charioteers ( 2015 )
Youth Huo Yuan-Jia ( 2015 )
K9 Cop ( 2016 )
Come Home Love : Dinner at 8 ( 2016 )
Recipes to Live By ( 2017 )
Burning Hands ( 2017 )
Line Walker : The Prelude ( 2017 )
Heart and Greed ( 2017 )
Variety show
The Green Room ( Issue 2013 )
Hong Kong People Say ( 2015 )
Sunday Stage Fight ( 2016 )
References
External links
http : //www.hkcinemagic.com/en/people.asp ? id=1444
1954 births
Hong Kong male film actors
20th-century Hong Kong male actors
Living people
Hong Kong stunt performers
Ap Chuni Dorji is a Bhutanese poet and creator of perhaps the most famous yak song ever written . He was partaking in the art of `` lozey '' - a poetry tradition among yak herders in Bhutan where the competing herders try and create rich metaphorical and symbolic poems that outdo their counterpart - when he came up with his song `` Yak Legpai Lhadar Gawo '' .
The song
The song is about a handsome yak ( Legpai Lhadar Gawo ) who was ordered to be taken from his beloved herder and slaughtered for meat . The song gained great popularity , and its sad , haunting tune and message brought tears to listeners ' eyes . Chuni gained great popularity , being asked to sing his song wherever he went , and other herders would pay him not to challenge them in lozey . Over the years , however , the lyrics and meaning of the song have been shortened and often reworded . Dorji is now an old man in his 80s living a quiet life in the mountains , but he has still been known to sing his song for curious tourists .
An English translation of Dorji 's yak song :
`` How beautiful is Yak Legpai Lhadar 's face !
Yak Legpai Lhadar – the god-sent calf !
There is no need to describe my place and paths ,
If I were to explain my place and paths ,
It is on the high snow-capped mountains
And the highland meadow of sershog flower
Where flower buds blossom . There , my home is .
I graze on mountains grass ,
And drink fresh water of glacial lakes .
Should I dance my happiness ,
I dance along the base of distant meadows .
One by one , the whole herd was slaughtered !
And I , the unfortunate Lhadar
It is I , Lhadar who feel sad .
A heavy command of a powerful lord came ,
A man with a sword fastened at his waist
Came to take me , Lhadar .
Lhadar has no choice not to go .
When turn to be slaughtered is set
The turn fell on me , Lhadar .
Crossing mountains , a Highlander came .
And when the Highlander came ,
The snow-covered peaks above , how high ?
And Lhadar 's tree of life , how low ? ''
References
Bhutanese poets
The women 's discus throw event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 17 August .
Results
References
Results
External links
Discus
2011 in women 's athletics
2011
Sean Walter Bernard Bouchard ( born May 16 , 1996 ) is an American professional baseball first baseman and outfielder for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Amateur career
A native of San Diego , California , Bouchard attended Cathedral Catholic High School and UCLA . In 2016 , he played collegiate summer baseball with the Chatham Anglers of the Cape Cod Baseball League . He was selected by the Colorado Rockies in the 9th round of the 2017 MLB Draft .
Professional career
Bouchard was called up to the majors for the first time by the Rockies on June 16 , 2022 . He made his debut on June 19 , in which he went 0-3 with a walk .
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Asheville Tourists players
Baseball players from San Diego
Boise Hawks players
Chatham Anglers players
Colorado Rockies players
Hartford Yard Goats players
Lancaster JetHawks players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball outfielders
UCLA Bruins baseball players
Zlata Adamovská ( born March 9 , 1959 ) is a Czech actress . Born in Prague , she has starred in a number of films and TV series including Sanitka and Noc smaragdového měsíce , which was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival . Since 1990 , she has been a member of the ensemble at the Vinohrady Theatre . In December 2018 she agreed to play a role in an upcoming film Women on the Run . There , she plays the role of Vera , a woman with three sisters who are played by Tereza Kostková , Veronika Khek Kubařová and Jenovéfa Boková .
At the moment she can be found at Theatre Studio DVA in several performances ( Misery , Vzpomínky zůstanou , ... ) .
Selected filmography
The Young Man and Moby Dick ( 1979 )
Love Between the Raindrops ( 1979 )
The Prince & The Evening Star ( 1979 )
O vánoční hvězdě ( 2020 )
External links
Biography ( Czech )
References
1959 births
Living people
Czech stage actresses
Czech film actresses
Czech television actresses
Actresses from Prague
Czech voice actresses
20th-century Czech actresses
21st-century Czech actresses
The Wingfeather Saga is a series of four fantasy novels , plus a `` Creaturepedia '' and a collection of side-stories titled The Wingfeather Tales , written by singer-songwriter Andrew Peterson , consisting of On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness , North ! Or Be Eaten , The Monster in the Hollows , and The Warden and the Wolf King . The series chronicles the adventures and transformations of a family called Igiby ( grandfather Podo , mother Nia , and three children , Janner , Tink , and Leeli ) , as they discover secrets of their family history , flee the evil Fangs of Dang who are occupying the country of Skree where the Igibys were raised , seek their place in the world , and make a stand against the mysterious ruler behind the Fangs of Dang , Gnag the Nameless .
The series is being adapted into an animated television series by Angel Studios , with Peterson as a producer . Production of the show has been funded by equity crowdfunding .
Main characters
Janner Igiby ( Wingfeather )
Janner is the determined oldest brother , whom Nia ( Mother ) and Podo ( Grandfather ) expect to protect the others , Tink and Leeli . As the oldest , the ancient role of Throne Warden belongs to him and places much pressure on his shoulders , which he sometimes resists . In the end , however , he embraces the responsibility of caring for his brother and sister .
Tink ( Kalmar ) Igiby ( Wingfeather )
Tink ( Kalmar , his birth name as mentioned early on in the book ) is constantly hungry and ready for mischief with his brother , such as exploring in the nearby dangerous woods . At the end of the book On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness it turned out that Tink happened to be the King of Anniera , ( The Shining Isle ) after his father , Esben Wingfeather , ( supposedly ) died . In The Monster in the Hollows ( the third book ) Esben Wingfeather appears , as a cloven , and is later transformed into a majestic bear , and he is killed by Rudric , the Keeper of Ban Rona , the place that the Wingfeathers flee for safety . After Esben died , Kalmar takes the full role as King of the Shining Isle . Starting in the book North ! or be Eaten , he assumes the name Kalmar .
Leeli Igiby ( Wingfeather )
Leeli is kind , musically talented , and crippled , but is brave and can be surprisingly fast on her crutch when she has to be . She is gifted a Whistleharp , that originally belonged to her great-grandmother , Madia , Queen of Anneria , though it had been in Anniera since the Second Epoch .
Podo Helmer
Podo tends the garden , protects the family , and tells stories of his former wild life as a pirate at sea . A dragon bit off his leg in a story told in the book North ! Or be Eaten and he replaced it with a peg leg , often described as a stump , that was strapped on .
Nia Igiby ( Wingfeather )
Nia was a queen of Anneria , and she grew up in the Green Hollows .
Artham Wingfeather ( Peet the Sock Man )
Artham was a man with talons , and attempted to hide them behind socks .
Esben Wingfeather
Janner , Kalmar , and Leeli 's father , king of the Shining Isle of Anniera .
Animated series
In March 2016 a Kickstarter was successfully funded to produce a pilot episode for an animated series adaptation . That campaign also funded a series of short stories set in the world of Aerwiar . The stories were written by Andrew Peterson , Jennifer Trafton , N.D. Wilson , A.S. Peterson , Jonathan Rogers , and Douglas Kaine McKelvey . They were illustrated by Cory Godbey , Nicholas Kole , John Hendrix , Joe Sutphin , Doug TenNapel , Justin Gerard , and Aedan Peterson ; and the musical score was composed by the Arcadian Wild and Kurt Heinecke .
The fifteen-minute short film , titled A Crow for the Carriage , was premiered on November 2 , 2017 , at Belcourt Theatre in Nashville , Tennessee . The short is available for streaming on multiple platforms . The series ' producer , J. Chris Wall , and author , Andrew Peterson , then tried to pitch the show to film and television outlets .
The show went through another round of crowdfunding with investment platform Angel Studios in May 2021 . The campaign was able to raise $ 5 million in total , with $ 1 million being raised in the first 48 hours . This campaign raised enough money to fund the production of Season 1 , which will cover most of the events of the first book . It will be released in December 2022 . The second round of crowdfunding for Season Two began soon after and will be released in 2023 . The series will be distributed by Angel Studios .
External links
Notes and references
Fantasy novel series
2010s animated short films
Computer-animated short films
Christian novels
Major-General Thomas Victor Anderson DSO , CD ( July 4 , 1881 – November 8 , 1972 ) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff , the head of the Canadian Army from 21 November 1938 until 6 July 1940 .
Education
Born in Ottawa , Ontario , Thomas Victor Anderson graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston , Ontario in 1900 , student # 433 . He was commissioned as a Lieutenant in 1905 and promoted to Captain in 1910 and to Major in 1913 .
Service
Anderson served in World War I as Commander Royal Canadian Engineers for 3rd Canadian Division on the Western Front . He was mentioned in despatches four times and awarded the DSO in 1918 . He was further awarded with the Russian Order of St Anne , 2nd class , with swords , the 1914–1915 Star , British War Medal and Victory Medal , finishing the war as a brevet Colonel .
After the War he became an instructor at the Royal Military College of Canada . In 1925 he was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel and appointed Director of Military Training & Staff Duties at National Defence Headquarters . Promoted to Colonel in 1929 , he became the District Officer Commanding 10th Military District and in 1933 he was made District Officer Commanding 2nd Military District . His next post was as Quartermaster-General in 1935 . He was promoted to Major-General in 1936 and selected to be Chief of the General Staff in 1938 .
He served , during World War II , as the Inspector-General of Central Canada from 1940 and retired in 1943 .
References
Further reading
4237 Dr. Adrian Preston & Peter Dennis ( Edited ) `` Swords and Covenants '' Rowman And Littlefield , London . Croom Helm . 1976 .
H16511 Dr. Richard Arthur Preston `` To Serve Canada : A History of the Royal Military College of Canada '' 1997 Toronto , University of Toronto Press , 1969 .
H16511 Dr. Richard Arthur Preston `` Canada 's RMC – A History of Royal Military College '' Second Edition 1982
H1877 R. Guy C. Smith ( editor ) `` As You Were ! Ex-Cadets Remember '' . In 2 Volumes . Volume I : 1876–1918 . Volume II : 1919–1984 . Royal Military College . [ Kingston ] . The R.M.C . Club of Canada . 1984
Canadian Anglicans
Military personnel from Ottawa
Canadian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
1881 births
1972 deaths
Royal Military College of Canada alumni
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Canadian Army generals of World War II
Graduates of the Staff College , Camberley
Royal Military College of Canada faculty
Royal Canadian Engineers officers
Commanders of the Canadian Army
Canadian generals
Canadian Militia officers
Jason Reeves ( born May 1976 , Hastings ) is a radio broadcaster and television presenter from New Zealand . He currently co-hosts the breakfast show on Coast . He has previously worked for other stations such as Auckland 's Classic Hits 97.4 , The Edge and for ZM .
Career
Reeves began his radio career in 1994 at the age of 18 after leaving Karamu High School , and worked on Hot 93FM in Hawkes Bay . He remained there until 1996 , when he moved to another Hawkes Bay Station , Xtreme 100 . In 1997 , he moved to Hamilton to work on the then local station , The Edge , originally on the drive time show , but moved to the breakfast show with Jay-Jay Feeney in 1998 . Reeves worked at The Edge as it progressed from a local Hamilton station to a nationwide network station based in Auckland , which happened in late 2001 .
At the end of 2004 , Reeves left The Edge , reportedly as a result of a prank carried out by his breakfast co-hosts Jay-Jay Feeney and Dominic Harvey . Jay Jay and Dom started sending Jason text messages from a prepayment cellphone pretending to be a fan who had somehow managed to obtain Jason 's number . Over 100 texts were sent and management of The Edge were aware of the prank . Jason left , filing a personal grievance against The Edge operators , MediaWorks NZ .
In February 2005 , only three months after leaving The Edge , Reeves was given a job with opposition station ZM , originally co-hosting Stables Rump 30 countdown with Stables ( another former Edge presenter ) , on Saturday afternoons and later , his own Saturday morning breakfast show with co-host Andrew Mulligan . He also filled in for other ZM announcers , including Stables , while he took leave to judge NZ Idol , and the ZM Morning Crew , Polly and Grant . In February 2007 , Reeves moved to Classic Hits and hosted the drive time show . He also briefly hosted a Sunday afternoon show .
In November 2010 a decision was made by The Radio Network to terminate the contracts of breakfast hosts Andrew Dickens and Jacque Tucker on Auckland 's Classic Hits 97.4 . Reeves then became the new host of the breakfast show on Auckland 's Classic Hits along with Stacey Morrison and Justin Brown . The reason given was that Andrew & Jacque 's show was aiming at the 'wrong demographic ' . The new line-up with Jason , Stacey and Justin also more directly targeted rival station More FM Auckland 's breakfast show with Stu Tolan , Amber Peebles and Marc Ellis .
In 2014 TRN decided to rebrand all the Classic Hits stations as The Hits , targeting a different demographic . As a result , Reeves opted to finish working for the station , and his last show there was on 24 April , ending seven years of working for Classic Hits .
Afterwards , he was occasionally heard on Mix 98.2 , filling in for regular presenter Melanie Homer . He was later heard as a fill-in presenter on Magic in 2016 . Starting in early 2017 , he became the drive show host for Coast , eventually moving to breakfast host , where he remains currently .
Television
Reeve 's experience on radio led to a short television career in 2004 and 2005 , co-hosting his own show on TV1 called Headliners , as well as voiceover work for other TV shows . At the end of 2005 , his contract with TVNZ was terminated after Headliners was axed as part of a revamp of the TV1 News Service .
In 2007 , Reeves made a return to television , starring in a commercial for the Want You Motor Group , and in 2008 , Jason teamed up once again with Andrew Mulligan ( who Jason worked with on ZM ) , as co-host on New Zealand 's Got Talent , which screened on Prime TV .
See also
List of New Zealand television personalities
References
1976 births
Living people
New Zealand television presenters
New Zealand radio presenters
People from Hastings , New Zealand
People educated at Karamu High School
Linux-based devices or Linux devices are computer appliances that are powered by the Linux kernel and possibly parts of the GNU operating system . Device manufacturers ' reasons to use Linux may be various : low cost , security , stability , scalability or customizability . Many original equipment manufacturers use free and open source software to brand their products . Community maintained Linux devices are also available .
Community maintained devices
These devices were not intended to run Linux at the time of their production , but a community effort made possible either full or partial Linux support . Because of the open source philosophy that free and open source software brings to the software world , many people have ported the Linux kernel to run on devices other than a typical desktop , laptop or server computer . Some ports are performed by committed individuals or groups to provide alternative software on their favorite hardware . Examples include iPods , PlayStations , Xbox , TiVo , and WRT54G .
The original hardware vendors are in some cases supportive of these efforts ( Linksys with the WRT54G ) or at the least tolerate the use of such software by end users ( see TiVo hacking ) . Others go to great lengths to try to stop these alternative implementations .
Android
Android is a Linux-based operating system optimised for mobile touchscreen environments—smartphones , tablets , e-Books , and the like . Developed , published , and maintained by Google 's Android Open Source Project ( in consultation with the Open Handset Alliance ) , Android relieves smartphone manufacturers of the costs of developing- or licensing proprietary handset operating systems .
First unveiled in 2007 , Android became the world 's most widely deployed smartphone platform in Q4 2010 . By September 2012 , 500 million Android devices had been activated , with a further 1.3 million devices being activated per day . Google Nexus developer phones are the flagship brand of Android handsets , with features and capabilities that represent the state of the art at the time of launch ( typically every eleven months ) .
License violations
In most of these cases the OEMs are open about their use of such software and fulfil the requirements of their Free software licenses , such as the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , but in a small number of cases this use is masked , either deliberately or through professed ignorance or misunderstanding . Violators are usually found through public records , where they may be forced to declare their implementations , or through their own advertising , for example `` Embedded Software Engineers with Mandatory Linux Experience Required '' on their careers pages , and yet their site or product documentation offers no source download or offer to supply the software source as required by the license GPL .
Organizations such as gpl-violations.org , the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) and the Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) are now more organized at pursuing such violators and obtaining compliance . Usually , they seek voluntary compliance as a first step and only enter legal proceedings when blocked . When notified of violations they confirm them by asking the supplier , examining available product samples , or even going so far as to make blind purchases of the product through front companies .
See also
Linux on embedded systems
Linux for mobile devices
Open-design movement
Open-source robotics
References
External links
a website on devices that can run embedded Linux
LinuxDevices Archive a complete LinuxDevices.com archive ( 15,000 articles )
LinuxDevices Forum
LinuxGizmos a reborn implementation of the LinuxDevices website
Linux-based devices
Linux
Consumer electronics
The rusty-necked piculet ( Picumnus fuscus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found on the Rondônia-Bolivian border . Both males and females are buffy cinnamon , with black crowns . Males have orange streaking on their crowns .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps/flooded forest . Its greatest threat is habitat loss .
References
rusty-necked piculet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
rusty-necked piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Özlüce , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Binary economics , also known as two-factor economics , is a theory of economics that endorses both private property and a free market but proposes significant reforms to the banking system .
According to theories first proposed by Louis Kelso , widespread use of central bank-issued interest-free loans to fund employee-owned firms can finance economic growth whilst widening stock ownership in a way which binary economists believe will be non-inflationary .
The term `` binary '' derived from its heterodox treatment of labor and capital ( but not in the sense of binary opposition ) . Kelso claimed that in a truly free market wages would tend to fall over time , with all the benefits of technological progress accruing to capital owners .
Overview
Binary economics rejects the claim that neoclassical economics alone promotes a 'free market ' which is free , fair and efficient . ( e.g. , as an interpretation of the classical First Fundamental Theorem of Welfare Economics ) . Binary economists believe freedom is only truly achieved if all individuals are able to acquire an independent economic base from capital holdings , and that the distribution of ownership rights can `` deepen democracy '' .
Binary economics argues financial savings prior to investment are not required on the basis that the present money supply is mostly created credit anyway . It argues that newly minted money invested on behalf of those without access to existing cash savings or collateral can be adequately repaid through the returns on those investments , which need not be inflationary if the economy is operating below capacity . The theory asserts that what matters is whether the newly created money is interest-free , whether it can be repaid , whether there is effective collateral and whether it goes towards the development and spreading of various forms of productive ( and the associated consuming ) capacity .
Another contrast is that , in evidence-based economics , interest ( as distinct from administration cost ) is practically always necessary ; in Binary Economics theory it is n't ( not in relation to the development and spreading of productive capacity ) . Conventional economics accounts for the observed time value of money , whereas binary economics does not .
Background
The theory behind Binary Economics was proposed by American lawyer Louis Kelso and philosopher Mortimer Adler in their book The Capitalist Manifesto ( 1958 ) . The book 's title could be seen as a Cold War reference in opposition to communism .
Kelso and Adler elaborated on their proposals in The New Capitalists in 1961 . Then Kelso worked with political scientist Patricia Hetter Kelso to further explain how capital instruments provide an increasing percentage of the wealth and why capital is narrowly owned in the modern industrial economy . Their analysis predicted that widely distributed capital ownership will create a more balanced economy . Kelso and Hetter proposed new `` binary '' share holdings which would pay out full net earnings as dividends ( with exceptions for research , maintenance and depreciation ) . These could be obtained on credit by those not possessing savings , with a government-backed insurance scheme to protect the shareholder in the event of loss .
Kelso 's writings were not well received by academic economists . Milton Friedman said of The Capitalist Manifesto `` the book 's economics was bad ... the interpretation of history , ludicrous ; and the policy recommended , dangerous '' and recalls a debate where even the moderator Clark Kerr `` lost his cool as a moderator and attacked [ Kelso 's arguments ] vigorously '' . Paul Samuelson , another Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences winner , told the U.S. Congress that Kelso 's theories were a `` cranky fad '' not accepted by mainstream economists , but Kelso 's ideas on promoting wider capital ownership nevertheless significantly influenced the passing of legislation promoting employee ownership .
Aims and programme
The aim of binary economics is to ensure that all individuals receive income from their own independent capital estate , using interest-free loans issued by a central bank to promote the spread of employee-owned firms . These loans are intended to : halve infrastructure improvement costs , reduce business startup costs , and widen stock ownership .
Binary economics is not mainstream and does not fit easy into the left–right spectrum . It has variously been characterized as an extreme right-wing ideology and as extremely left-wing by its critics . The 'binary ' ( in 'binary economics ' ) means 'composed of two ' because it suffices to view the physical factors of production as being but two ( labour and capital ( which includes land ) . It recognises only two ways of genuinely earning a living − by labour and by productive capital ownership . In its theory humans own their labour , but also productive capital .
Binary economics is partly based on belief that society has an absolute duty to ensure that all humans have good health , housing , education and an independent income , as well as a responsibility to protect the environment for its own sake . The interest-free loans proposed by binary economics are compatible with the traditional opposition of the Abrahamic religions to usury .
Proponents of binary economics claim that their system contains no expropriation of wealth , and much less redistribution will be necessary . They argue that it can not cause inflation and is of particular importance as more of the physical contribution to production is automated . and that the Binary economics paradigm is particularly helpful in addressing the issue of why developing countries languish . Advocates contend that implementing their system will lessen national debt and encourage national unity . They believe binary economics could create a stable economy .
Productiveness vs. productivity
Binary productiveness is distinctly different from the conventional economic concept of productivity . Binary productiveness attempts to quantify the proportion of output contributed by total labor input and total capital input respectively , Adding capital inputs to a production process increases labor productivity , but binary economic theory argues that it decreases labor productiveness ( i.e . the proportion of the total output with the support of both labor and capital that the labor inputs could have produced alone ) . For example , if the invention of a shovel allows a laborer to dig a hole in quarter of the time it would take him without the spade , binary economists would consider 75 % of the `` productiveness '' to come from the shovel and only 25 % from the laborer .
Roth criticised the shovel example on the basis that the shovel is not a factor of production independent of human capital because somebody invented it , and the shovel can not act independently : the physical productiveness of the shovel before labour is added to it is zero .
Kelso used the concept of productiveness to support his theory of distributive justice , arguing that as capital increasingly substitutes for labor : `` workers can legitimately claim from their aggregate labor only a decreasing percentage of total output '' , implying they would need to acquire capital holdings to maintain their level of income . In The Capitalist Manifesto , Kelso boldly asserted :
`` It is , if anything an underestimation rather than an exaggeration to say that the aggregate physical contribution to the production of the wealth of the workers in the United States today accounts for less than 10 percent of the wealth produced , and that the contribution by the owners of capital instruments , through their physical instruments , accounts in physical terms for more than 90 percent of the wealth produced ''
Whilst the increased importance of capital as a factor of production following the Industrial Revolution has long been accepted even by those believing economic value derives from labour such as Marx , Kelso 's figures suggesting that value was created almost entirely by capital were dismissed by academic economists like Paul Samuelson . Samuelson asserted that Kelso 's had not used any econometric analysis to arrive at his figures , which completely contradicted economists ' empirical findings on the contribution of labour . The Capitalist Manifesto did not provide detailed calculations to support Kelso 's claim , although a footnote suggested that it was based on a simple comparison with 1850s labour productivity figures .
Employee stock ownership plan ( ESOPs ) and other plans
Employee stock ownership plans ( ESOPs ) are compatible with some of the principles of binary economics . These stem originally from Louis Kelso & Patricia Hetter Kelso ( 1967 ) Two-Factor Theory : The Economics of Reality ; the founding of Kelso & Company in 1970 ; and then from conversations in the early 1970s between Louis Kelso , Norman Kurland ( Center for Economic and Social Justice ) , Senator Russell Long of Louisiana ( Chairman , USA Senate Finance Committee , 1966–81 ) and Senator Mike Gravel of Alaska . There are about 11,500 ESOPs in the USA today covering 11 million employees in closely held companies .
Uses of central bank-issued interest-free loans
Binary economics proposes that central bank-issued interest-free loans should be administered by the banking system for the development and spreading of productive ( and the associated consuming ) capacity , particularly new capacity , as well as for environmental and public capital . While no interest would be charged , there would be an administrative cost as well as collateralization or capital credit insurance .
Proponents of binary economics are dissatisfied with fractional-reserve banking , arguing that it `` creates new money out of nothing '' . The supply of interest-free loans would place in circumstances of a move ( over time ) towards banks maintaining reserves equal to 100 % of their deposits ; in practice , the large-scale interest-free lending desired by binary economics is compatible with the widespread reduction in money supply that would be caused by increased reserve requirements only if the government takes over the banks ' role in credit creation .
Investments eligible for interest-free loans
Binary economics suggests that ownership of productive ( and the associated consuming ) capacity , particularly new capacity , could be spread by the use of central bank-issued interest-free loans . Interest-free loans should be allowed for private capital investment IF such investment creates new owners of capital and is part of national policy to enable all individuals , over time , on market principles , to become owners of substantial amounts of productive , income-producing capital . By using central bank-issued interest-free loans , a large corporation would get cheap money as long as new binary shareholders are created .
References
Sources
Albus , James S. ( 1976 ) Peoples ' Capitalism - The Economics of The Robot Revolution .
Ashford , Robert & Shakespeare , Rodney ( 1999 ) Binary Economics - the new paradigm .
Ashford , Robert `` Louis Kelso 's Binary Economy '' ( The Journal of Socio-Economics , vol . 25 , 1996 ) .
el-Diwany , Tarek ( 2003 ) The Problem With Interest .
Gates , Jeff ( 1999 ) The Ownership Solution .
Gates , Jeff ( 2000 ) Democracy At Risk .
Gauche , Jerry `` Binary Modes for the Privatization of Public Assets '' ( The Journal of Socio-Economics . Vol . 27 , 1998 ) .
Greenfield , Sidney M. Making Another World Possible : the Torah , Louis Kelso and the Problem of Poverty ( paper given at conference , Columbia University , May , 2006 ) .
Kelso , Louis & Kelso , Patricia Hetter ( 1986 & 1991 ) , Democracy and Economic Power - Extending the ESOP Revolution through Binary Economics .
Kelso , Louis & Adler , Mortimer ( 1958 ) , The Capitalist Manifesto .
Kelso , Louis & Adler , Mortimer ( 1961 ) , The New Capitalists .
Kelso , Louis & Hetter , Patricia ( 1967 ) , Two-Factor Theory : the Economics of Reality .
Kurland , Norman A New Look at Prices and Money : The Kelsonian Binary Model for Achieving Rapid Growth Without Inflation .
Kurland , Norman ; Brohawn , Dawn & Michael Greaney ( 2004 ) Capital Homesteading for Every Citizen : A Just Free Market Solution for Saving Social Security .
Miller , J.H . ed. , ( 1994 ) , Curing World Poverty : The New Role of Property .
Reiners , Mark Douglas , The Binary Alternative and Future of Capitalism .
Schmid , A. Allan , ( 1984 ) , “ Broadening Capital Ownership : The Credit System as a Focus of Power '' , in Gar Alperovitz and Roger Skurski , eds . American Economic Policy , University of Notre Dame Press .
Shakespeare , Rodney & Challen , Peter ( 2002 ) Seven Steps to Justice .
Shakespeare , Rodney ( 2007 ) The Modern Universal Paradigm .
Turnbull , Shann ( 2001 ) The Use of Central Banks to Spread Ownership .
Turnbull , Shann ( 1975/2000 ) , Democratising the Wealth of Nations .
External links
Binary Economics now
Macroeconomic theories
Schools of economic thought
Monetary reform
Jeremy Lindsay Taylor ( born Sydney , 19 September 1973 ) is an Australian actor .
Education
He finished his education at Newington College in 1991 and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree , with a major in drama and sociology , from the University of Newcastle . He was a first grade cricketer and Rugby player at school . He was considered to be one of Newington College 's finest medium pace seamers of all time .
Acting career
He is known for his long-running role as Kurt Peterson in Heartbreak High . Since then he has appeared in Something in the Air , McLeod 's Daughters , Stingers and Blue Heelers . In 2006 , he guest-starred in the Doctor Who is a audio adventure The Reaping . Taylor appeared in the feature films Tom White and Em4Jay and Bad Bush . His theatre credits include the Melbourne Theatre Company 's Take Me Out . In 2007 , Taylor co-starred with Lisa McCune , Ian Stenlake , Saskia Burmeister , John Batchelor , Matt Holmes , Jay Ryan , Kristian Schmid , Kirsty Lee Allan , and David Lyons in the hit Australian drama Sea Patrol . He portrayed Petty Officer Pete Tomaszewski ( `` Buffer '' ) in 39 episodes from 2007–2009 . Taylor joined the cast of Canal Road in Series 1 , Episode 9 as Cain Harvey in 2008 . In 2009 , he appeared the UK.TV mini-series False Witness . He starred in Underbelly : Razor on the Nine Network and in Network Ten 's Bikie Wars : Brothers in Arms . In 2012 , Taylor starred in Network Ten 's Australian coming of age series Puberty Blues as Martin Vickers and he returned to the show for a second series in 2014 . In 2013 he appeared in HBO Asia 's Serangoon Road . It was announced in August 2015 that he would play new character detective Dylan Carter in a recurring role on the Seven Network soap opera Home and Away . He began appearing on Home and Away from the twenty-ninth season in 2016 .
Filmography
Film
Television
See also
Wild Boys
References
External links
Sea Patrol Official Website
1973 births
Living people
Australian male television actors
Australian male stage actors
People from Sydney
People educated at Newington College
University of Newcastle ( Australia ) alumni
Rice Army Air Field ( also known as Rice Air Base or Rice AAF ) is an abandoned World War II airfield in Rice Valley of the southern Mojave Desert , located east-southeast of the community of Rice . The airfield is located in Riverside County just south of the San Bernardino county line and State Route 62 .
Wartime use
Rice AAF was acquired 29 September 1942 and was part of the World War II Desert Training Center in the Mojave Desert of Southern California . It apparently was a civil airfield before the war , known as `` Rice Municipal Airport '' , its origins are unknown .
The mission of the training center was to prepare United States Army ground forces in preparation for Operation Torch – the invasion of North Africa . The center was commanded by then Brigadier General George Patton . The facility was assigned to United States Army Air Forces Fourth Air Force . The airfield consisted of two 5,000-foot runways with numerous dispersal pads extending off the runways to the south , and support facilities and barracks to house about 3,000 personnel .
Under the IV Air Support Command in 1942 and early 1943 ; the 71st Reconnaissance Group and the 85th Bombardment Group flew reconnaissance and dive bomber training missions with the Army ground forces in the DTC .
After most Army units had deployed to overseas theaters by mid-1943 , Rice AAF became a Fourth Air Force group training facility for units deploying to combat commands overseas , training pilots and aircrew with a wide variety of tactical aircraft , from light observation planes to medium bombers . Known units assigned to Rice were :
312th Bombardment Group , 13 April – 15 August 1943
339th Fighter Group , September 1943 – March 1944
By May 1944 , the airfield was assigned to the 15th Bombardment Wing at March Field as a sub-base . Military operations at Rice Army Air Field ended in August 1944 , and the field was declared surplus in October . The facility was inactivated and turned over to the Army Corps of Engineers on 1 January 1946 .
Civil use
The War Assets Administration turned the military airfield to civil control , and was reused starting at some point in 1949 as a civilian airport .
Rice was depicted as an active public-use airfield on the March 1952 San Diego Sectional Chart . The chart depicted Rice as having a 5,000 ' paved runway . The status of the Rice airfield evidently changed to a private airfield at some point between 1952 and 1955 , as that is how it was depicted on the September 1955 San Diego Sectional Chart . The Rice Airport was evidently abandoned ( for reasons unknown ) at some point between 1955 and 1958 .
Today no standing structures remain of Rice Army Air Field and little but deteriorating concrete and bituminous runways remain in the desert . Two runways , one oriented NW/SE ; the other NE/SW are faintly visible in aerial photography along with numerous fighter dispersal pads . A concrete parking area still exists about south of California Highway 62 , which runs east/west north of the airfield . Dirt bike and dune buggy trails in the area obscure any evidence of roads or building foundations in what probably was the ground station . Generally , the entire area has reverted to its natural state .
it was proposed that the Rice AAF site be used for the Rice Solar Energy Project .
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
Desert Training Center
Rice , California
References
Maurer , Maurer ( 1983 ) . Air Force Combat Units of World War II . Maxwell AFB , Alabama : Office of Air Force History . .
Shaw , Frederick J . ( 2004 ) , Locating Air Force Base Sites History 's Legacy , Air Force History and Museums Program , United States Air Force , Washington DC , 2004 .
The California State Military Museum Historic California Posts : Rice Army Air Field
Defunct airports in California
Airports in Riverside County , California
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
Military facilities in the Mojave Desert
Military in Riverside County , California
World War II airfields in the United States
Airports established in 1942
1942 establishments in California
1944 disestablishments in California
NGC 5343 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation of Virgo . It was discovered on 5 May 1785 by William Herschel .
References
Notes
Elliptical galaxies
Virgo ( constellation )
5343
49412
Ruslan Novoseltsev ( , born 30 June 1974 ) is a Russian former competitive figure skater . He is the 1997 Winter Universiade champion and 1995 Finlandia Trophy bronze medalist .
After retiring from competition , Novoseltsev performed for the Imperial Ice Stars . He also works as a coach in Finland .
Competitive highlights
GP : ISU Champions Series ( Grand Prix )
References
1974 births
Russian male single skaters
Living people
Figure skaters from Saint Petersburg
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Dominique-René de Lerma ( born December 8 , 1928 ) was an American musicologist and professor of music history , specializing in African-American music .
De Lerma taught at the Lawrence University Conservatory of Music , in Appleton , Wisconsin . He published over 1000 works on music .
De Lerma died on October 15 , 2015 .
Selected publications
References
Symphony , January–February 1994
Gene Lees jazzletter ( v10n8 , August 1991 ) p3 .
African music : A pan-African annotated bibliography , p90 .
American music , summer 1988 , v6n2 , p246 .
Maultsby , Portia K. ; Isaac Kalumbu . `` African American Studies '' . The Continuum Encyclopedia of Popular Music of the World . pp . 47–54 .
Sphinx Organization - Dominique-Rene de Lerma -
Columbia College Chicago : Dominique-Rene De Lerma papers
U.M . Score
Dominique-René de Lerma Curriculum Vitæ
Living people
American musicologists
1928 births
20th-century musicologists
Lawrence University faculty
Brookville is an unincorporated community in Brookville Township , Ogle County , Illinois , USA .
Geography
Brookville is located on the western border of Brookville Township and Ogle County , just south of the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and Illinois Route 64 , at an elevation of 781 feet . The city of Polo is about 7 miles to the southeast .
References
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Ogle County , Illinois
Sanam Jung ( ) is a Pakistani actress , model and former television host and VJ . She made her television debut with Hum TV 's popular series Dil e Muztar in ( 2013 ) .
Career
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV in 2008 , while studying for her BBA , but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 during her MBA . She made her acting debut in Dil e Muztar on Hum TV opposite Imran Abbas Naqvi , Sarwat Gilani , Aijaz Aslam , and Saba Hameed . In 2013 , she appeared in Mohabat Subh Ka Sitara Hai opposite Meekal Zulfiqar and Adeel Hussain . She next appeared in Mere Humdum Mere Dost with Adnan Siddiqui and Hareem Farooq . She then appeared in Alvida again with Imran Abbas Naqvi in 2015 .
From 2014 , till 30 November 2018 , she was the host of Jago Pakistan Jago on Hum TV .
Sanam is now appearing in Mein Na Janoo which is a joint venture between MD Productions and Cereal Production of Adnan Siddiqui . It is directed by Furqan Khan for Hum TV and also stars Zahid Ahmed ( actor ) and Affan Waheed .
Television
Telefilm
Show host
References
Living people
Pakistani television actresses
Pakistani female models
Pakistani television hosts
Pakistani film actresses
Actresses from Karachi
21st-century Pakistani actresses
Pakistani women television presenters
1988 births
The Botanical Museum Greifswald ( German : Botanisches Museum Greifswald ) is a scientific collection at the department of botany of the University of Greifswald . It was founded around 1850 by Julius Münter and is the largest botanical collection in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern .
History
A herbarium was created in the 17th century when Samuel Gustav Wilcke founded the Botanical Gardens of Greifswald . The Botanical museum was founded by Julius Münter between 1845 and 1855 . Münter and his assistants Hermann Zabel and Ludwig Holtz collected botanical objects from the region of New Western Pomerania . The collections were later extended to specimens from other regions .
Holdings
The collection includes naturalia such as wood samples , plant compounds , and drugs as well as artificialia such as scientific models , instruments , and wall charts . The core of the collection consists of the herbarium with roughly 300.000 specimens and the teaching collection with many botanical models .
The “ Herbarium Higher Plants ” ( GFV ) documents many endangered or extinct species and serves as the central herbarium of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern . The holdings include 250.000 specimens of ferns and spermatophytes , 30.000 algae , 17.000 moss , and 8.000 lichens . The teaching collection contains flower models of the model makers Robert Brendel and Paul Osterloh , as well as the `` Arnoldsche Obst-Cabinet '' ( Arnold 's fruit cabinet ) with 214 ( originally 455 ) models of fruits . The porcelain models were produced between 1856 and 1899 in Gotha .
References
Sources
Birgit Dahlenburg ( edit . ) : Wissen sammeln . Die digitalisierten Schätze der Universität Greifswald . Sammlungsobjekte der Botanik , Zoologie sowie Ur- und Frühgeschichte Greifswald 2011
Birgit Litterski : Sammlungen des Botanischen Institutsin : Kulturbesitz und Sammlungen der Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald . Hrsg . von Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald , Rostock 1995 , p. 81-82
Susanne Starke & Martin Schnittler ( 2009 ) : Die Sammlungen des Botanischen Institutes der Ernst-Moritz- Arndt-Universität Greifswald . In : Obst , K. , Reinicke , G.-B. , Richter , S. & Seemann , R . [ edit . ] Schatzkammern der Natur – Naturkundliche Sammlungen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern . – 100 pages , .
External links
Botanical collections in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Description of the collection on universitätssammlungen.de
Herbaria
Science museums in Germany
University of Greifswald
Museums in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
University museums in Germany
N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone ( NMP ) is an organic compound consisting of a 5-membered lactam . It is a colorless liquid , although impure samples can appear yellow . It is miscible with water and with most common organic solvents . It also belongs to the class of dipolar aprotic solvents such as dimethylformamide and dimethyl sulfoxide . It is used in the petrochemical and plastics industries as a solvent , exploiting its nonvolatility and ability to dissolve diverse materials .
Preparation
NMP is produced industrially by a typical ester-to-amide conversion , by treating butyrolactone with methylamine . Alternative routes include the partial hydrogenation of N-methylsuccinimide and the reaction of acrylonitrile with methylamine followed by hydrolysis . About 20,000 to 30,000 tons are produced annually .
Applications
NMP is used to recover certain hydrocarbons generated in the processing of petrochemicals , such as the recovery of 1,3-butadiene and acetylene . It is used to absorb hydrogen sulfide from sour gas and hydrodesulfurization facilities . Its good solvency properties have led to NMP 's use to dissolve a wide range of polymers . Specifically , it is used as a solvent for surface treatment of textiles , resins , and metal coated plastics or as a paint stripper . It is also used as a solvent in the commercial preparation of polyphenylene sulfide . In the pharmaceutical industry , N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone is used in the formulation for drugs by both oral and transdermal delivery routes . It is also used heavily in lithium-ion battery fabrication , as a solvent for electrode preparation , though there is much effort to replace it with solvents of less environmental concern , like water .
Biological aspects
In rats , NMP is absorbed rapidly after inhalation , oral , and dermal administration , distributed throughout the organism , and eliminated mainly by hydroxylation to polar compounds , which are excreted via urine . About 80 % of the administered dose is excreted as NMP and NMP metabolites within 24 hours . A probably dose dependent yellow coloration of the urine in rodents is observed . The major metabolite is 5-hydroxy-N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone .
Studies in humans show comparable results . Dermal penetration through human skin has been shown to be very rapid . NMP is rapidly biotransformed by hydroxylation to 5-hydroxy-N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone , which is further oxidized to N-methylsuccinimide ; this intermediate is further hydroxylated to 2-hydroxy-N-methylsuccinimide . These metabolites are all colourless . The excreted amounts of NMP metabolites in the urine after inhalation or oral intake represented about 100 % and 65 % of the administered doses , respectively . NMP has a low potential for skin irritation and a moderate potential for eye irritation in rabbits . Repeated daily doses of 450 mg/kg body weight administered to the skin caused painful and severe haemorrhage and eschar formation in rabbits . These adverse effects have not been seen in workers occupationally exposed to pure NMP , but they have been observed after dermal exposure to NMP used in cleaning processes . No sensitization potential has been observed .
See also
2-Pyrrolidone
1,3-Dimethyl-2-imidazolidinone ( DMI )
References
Amide solvents
Pyrrolidones
Excipients
Nguyễn Thanh Bình ( born 2 November 2000 ) is a Vietnamese professional football player who plays as a defender for Viettel .
International career
On 7 September 2021 , Thanh Bình made his debut for the national team , against Australia in 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification , in a match that ended 1–0 loss . He was heavily criticized by fans after making the mistake of letting China score a goal in injury time , making Vietnam lose 2–3 on 7 October 2021 .
On 29 March 2022 , he scored his first goal for Vietnam with a header , against Japan , making Vietnam get a historic draw to end the 2022 FIFA World Cup campaign with 4 points .
International goals
Scores and results list Vietnam 's goal tally first .
Honours
Binh Dinh
V.League 2 : 2020
Vietnam U23
Southeast Asian Games : 2021
Vietnam
VFF Cup : 2022
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
Vietnam international footballers
Association football defenders
V.League 1 players
Viettel FC players
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Vietnam
Annulobalcis marshalli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae .
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1981
Whitehorn or Whitehorne is a surname . Notable people with the name include :
Geoff Whitehorn ( born 1951 ) , British singer-songwriter
George Whitehorne ( died 1565 ) , Canon of Windsor
Jason Whitehorn ( born 1976 ) , American singer-songwriter
John Clare Whitehorn ( 1894–1974 ) , American psychiatric educator
Joseph A. Whitehorn ( 1879–1926 ) , American politician
Katharine Whitehorn ( 1928–2021 ) , British journalist
Laura Whitehorn ( born 1945 ) , American activist
Will Whitehorn ( born 1960 ) , British business executive
Grzegorz Strauchold ( born 1958 ) is a Polish historian , specializing in the history of the 20th century .
Biography
He is a graduate and research fellow of the Institute of History , University of Wrocław . Doctoral degree in humanities in the history obtained in 1993 on the basis of work : Poland indigenous population of the western and northern regions . Study journalism years 1944-1948 under prof. Wojciech Wrzesiński . Received a postdoctoral degree on the work of Western thought and its implementation in People 's Poland in the years 1945-1957.Deals with the historical geography , history : political thought , the most recent , Western and Northern Territories in Poland after 1945 . Head of the Department of Contemporary History of the Historical Institute of the University of Wrocław . In the period 2005-2008 Deputy Director of the Institute for the teaching of studies of stationary .
Selected publications
Poland native population of the western and northern regions : the views of not only public years 1944-1948 , Olsztyn 1995
Indigenous Peoples , Polish , German , or ... : From nationalism to communism ( 1945–1949 ) , Toruń 2001
Western thought and its implementation in People 's Poland in the years 1945-1957 , Toruń 2003
Wrocław - Polish capital on an occasional basis : around a post-war celebration of anniversaries of historic , Wrocław 2003
Dolnoślązacy ? : Shaping the identity of the inhabitants of Lower Silesia after World War II , Wrocław 2007 . With : Joanna Nowosielska-Sobel .
Piastowsko-Communist satisfaction ? , Wrocław 2008 . With : Joanna Nowosielska-Sobel .
Footnotes
1958 births
20th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
Living people
21st-century Polish historians
Debris is the debut album by British actress and musician Keeley Forsyth , released in 2020 .
Background
The songs for Debris were initially written by Forsyth , accompanying herself on harmonium and accordion . The pieces were then arranged collaboratively with musician Matthew Bourne , who Forsyth contacted after hearing him on the radio .
The Quietus described the album as a `` brooding , melancholic listen [ and ] full of gut-wrenching lines '' .
The first single , `` Debris '' , was released on 22 October 2019 accompanied by a video directed by Maxine Peake . Second single `` Start Again '' was released on 28 November 2019 . Clash magazine called the song `` a bold display of creative confidence '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Forsyth . Arranged by Forsyth , Matthew Bourne and Sam Hobbs .
`` Debris '' – 2:43
`` Black Bull '' – 3:02
`` It 's Raining '' – 4:27
`` Look To Yourself '' – 4:53
`` Lost '' – 2:40
`` Butterfly '' – 3:50
`` Large Oak '' - 2:24
`` Start Again '' - 3:26
See also
List of 2020 albums
References
2020 albums
The Leaf Label albums
Lieutenant General Karl Osvald Toll ( 2 November 1862 – 13 October 1936 ) was a Swedish Army officer . Toll 's senior commands include commanding officer of the 4th Army Division and the position of Commandant General in Stockholm . Toll laid down a sacrificial work on the development of the Landstorm organization .
Early life
Toll was born on 2 November 1862 in Hacksta , Uppsala County , Sweden , the son of major general Gustaf Toll and his wife Hedvig von Post . Toll became a volunteer in Närke Regiment on 12 November 1878 and passed mogenhetsexamen in Uppsala on 25 May 1880 . Toll attended the Military Academy Karlberg from 14 July the same year and graduated on 25 October 1881 .
Career
Military career
He was commissioned as an officer in Närke Regiment on 18 November 1881 with the rank of underlöjtnant . He was then transferred to Göta Artillery Regiment on 30 December 1881 . Toll served as an artillery staff officer from 1894 to 1897 and was promoted to captain in the army in 1895 and in the regiment the year after . He transferred to Second Göta Artillery Regiment in 1897 and served as 2nd teacher at the Military Academy Karlberg from 1896 to 1899 and as 1st teacher from 1899 to 1903 .
He was promoted to major in Uppland Artillery Regiment in 1906 and in Småland Artillery Regiment in 1907 . Toll was chief of the Artillery Staff from 1904 to 1909 and commanding officer of Gotland Artillery Corps from 1909 to 1911 . In 1911 , Toll was promoted to colonel and appointed commanding officer of Wendes Artillery Regiment . He would stay in this position for 7 years . In 1918 , Toll was promoted to major general and appointed acting commanding officer of the 4th Army Division ( IV . arméfördelningen ) in 1918 and served as Commandant General in Stockholm from 1918 to 1927 . In 1919 , Toll was appointed commanding officer of the 4th Army Division . He was promoted to lieutenant general in 1925 and retired from the military in 1927 .
Other work
Toll was chairman of Kristianstadsortens landstormsförening from 1912 to 1918 , of Kristianstads läns skytteförbund ( `` Kristianstad County Schooting Association '' ) from 1914 to 1919 , i Föreningen för befrämjande av skolungdomens vapenövningar ( `` Association for the Promotion of Weapon Exercises for Students '' ) from 1920 to 1931 and in the Landstormens garantiförening . Furthermore , Toll was a member of the Directorate of the Royal Central Gymnastics Institute from 1920 to 1930 and chairman of the board of the Central Association of the Swedish Landstorm Associations ( Sveriges landstormsföreningars centralförbund ) from 1920 to 1933 and of the Central Board of the National Swedish Rifle Clubs ( Skytteförbundens överstyrelse ) from 1924 to 1934 . He became chairman of the board of the AB Kreditbanken in 1921 and of the board of Kreditkassan 's Issuing Company ( Emissionsbolag ) from 1921 to 1926 and Toll became chairman and a member of the Directorate of the Swedish Nobility Foundation ( Riddarhusdirektionen ) in 1930 .
Personal life
On 16 September 1891 at Casimirsborg he married Baroness Anna Louise Elisabet Fleetwood ( 28 December 1867 – 10 June 1940 ) , the daughter of Lieutenant , Baron Sten Axel Viktor Fleetwood and his first wife , Baroness Lovisa Sofia Carolina Fleetwood . They had five children : Louise ( born 1892 ) , Gustaf ( born 1894 ) , Axel ( born 1897 ) , Elsa ( born 1900 ) and Carl ( born 1902 ) .
Death
Toll died on 13 October 1936 in Kungsholm Parish , Stockholm . He was buried on 6 December 1936 in a family grave in Norra begravningsplatsen in Solna Municipality .
Dates of rank
1881 – Underlöjtnant
1890 – Lieutenant
1895 – Captain
1906 – Major
1909 – Lieutenant colonel
1911 – Colonel
1918 – Major general
1925 – Lieutenant general
Awards and decorations
Swedish
Commander 1st Class of the Order of the Sword ( 6 June 1918 )
Illis Quorum , 12th size in gold ( 1929 )
Foreign
Grand Cross of the Order of Military Merit ( 1928 )
Grand Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau with Sword ( 1924 )
Commander 1st Class of the Order of the White Rose of Finland ( 1919 )
Commander 1st Class of the Order of St. Olav ( 1919 )
Commander 2nd Class of the Order of the Dannebrog ( 1913 )
Commander of the Albert Order ( 1913 )
Honours
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences , 2nd Class ( 1904 ) , 1st Class ( 1918 )
References
1862 births
1936 deaths
Swedish Army lieutenant generals
People from Enköping Municipality
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Burials at Norra begravningsplatsen
Recipients of the Illis quorum
Tuvalu Atoll Science Technology Training Institute ( TASTII ) is a tertiary institution that offers technical and vocational education on Funafuti atoll in Tuvalu .
Prime Minister Enele Sopoaga as Minister for Public Utilities and Infrastructures launched TASTTI on 20 December 2017 . Sopoaga described TASTTI as part of the national strategies of Tuvalu “ to provide high quality education ; to equip people with hands-on knowledge and skills to develop more self-reliance , as well as resilience against the impacts of climate change ” , and referred to the effects on the atolls of Tuvalu of Cyclone Pam in 2015 as driving the effort to build resilience against the impacts of climate change .
Tuvalu Atoll Science Technology Training Institute ( TASTII ) is one of four tertiary institutions offering technical and vocational courses . The others are Tuvalu Maritime Training Institute ( TMTI ) , Australian Pacific Training Coalition ( APTC ) and University of the South Pacific ( USP ) Extension Centre . Technical and Vocational Skills Development ( TVSD ) in Tuvalu is supported by the Australian Pacific Training Coalition ( APTC ) .
References
Educational organizations based in Tuvalu
Organizations based in Tuvalu
Education in Tuvalu
Funafuti
Educational institutions established in 2017
Vocational schools
2017 establishments in Tuvalu
Cernach mac Congalaig ( died 818 ) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba ( Knowth ) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill . He was the son of Congalach mac Conaing ( died 778 ) and brother of Flann mac Congalaig ( died 812 ) , previous kings . He ruled from 812-818 .
In the early decades of the 8th century an intense rivalry had existed between the northern branch of the Síl nÁedo Sláine represented by the Uí Chonaing and the southern branch represented by the Uí Chernaig of Lagore . This rivalry had been interrupted by the common threat of the rise of the rival branch of Clann Cholmáin of Uisnech . In Cernach 's reign this old rivalry appears to have flared up again , the annals record a skirmish in 817 between the Ciannachta and the men of southern Brega , in which many Ciannachta fell . At this time the Uí Chonaing were called kings of Ciannachta in the annals , a population-group they had subjugated in the early 8th century .
Cernach 's death obit in the annals is significant in that it is the first time a member of the sept was called King of Cnogba ( rex Cnodhbai ) in the Annals of Ulster .
Notes
References
Annals of Ulster at CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Charles-Edwards , T. M. ( 2000 ) , Early Christian Ireland , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press ,
Book of Leinster , Flann Mainistrech : Síl Aeda Sláne Na Sleg at CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
External links
CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Kings of Brega
818 deaths
9th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Albert Henry Howard Southwood ( 19 July 1882 – 13 July 1965 ) played first-class cricket in three matches for Somerset in the 1911 and 1913 cricket seasons . He was born at Taunton , Somerset and died there too .
Southwood was a right-handed middle or lower order batsman and a right-arm slow bowler , though he did not bowl in his three first-class games . In his debut match against the strong Kent side in 1911 he made 17 and 20 batting at No 8 . That was his only match in 1911 but he appeared in two more games in 1913 and in the first of them , against Derbyshire , he batted at No 6 and made 13 and 33 , which was the top score of his brief career .
References
1882 births
1965 deaths
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Mabel Hampton ( May 2 , 1902 – October 26 , 1989 ) was an American lesbian activist , a dancer during the Harlem Renaissance , and a volunteer for both black and lesbian/gay organizations .
Early life
Born in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , on May 2 , 1902 , Hampton was only two months old when her mother died . She was then raised by her grandmother , who died when Hampton was seven years old .
In 1909 , the seven-year-old Hampton was put on a train to New York City , where she went to live with her aunt and uncle . Within a year , Hampton ran away from that home , having been raped by her uncle and treated poorly by the family . From ages eight to 17 , Hampton lived with a white family in New Jersey .
In 1919 , while attending a women-only party in Harlem , Hampton was falsely imprisoned for sex-work . She viewed her imprisonment as being lesbian encoded . After serving 13 months of a three-year sentence in Bedford Hills , Hampton was released on condition she stayed away from New York .
Later life and career
In the 1920s , Hampton danced in all-black productions for Harlem Renaissance notables , including Jackie `` Moms '' Mabley . This artistic , political and cultural milieu provided Hampton access to other dancers , artists , and gays and lesbians .
As dance work declined , Hampton left the chorus lines . As quoted by Erin Sexton-Sayler , Hampton explained , `` I like to eat . '' At this point , Hampton began what was to be her longest career : a cleaning woman for white families in New York City . Joan Nestle , the daughter of one of these families , went on to co-found the Lesbian Herstory Archives in New York City .
Mabel Hampton enjoyed a romantic and sexual relationship with Lillian B . Foster ( November 13 , 1894 – August 7 , 1978 ) , whom Hampton met in 1932 . The two remained a couple until Foster 's death in 1978 . Along with her lesbian contemporaries , Hampton volunteered for the New York Defense Recreation Committee ( 1943 ) ; as part of this committee , she collected cigarettes and refreshments for American World War II soldiers .
She also converted to Catholicism in 1935 , being baptized at St. Thomas the Apostle Church .
With only her working-class income , Hampton managed to attend performances of the Negro Opera Company , as well as to contribute to the Martin Luther King Memorial Fund and , later , to gay and lesbian organizations . In addition , Hampton marched in the first National Gay and Lesbian March on Washington , and she appeared in the films Silent Pioneers and Before Stonewall .
In 1984 , Hampton spoke before thousands of onlookers at New York City Lesbian and Gay Pride Parade in 1984 ; there , she said , `` I , Mabel Hampton , have been a lesbian all my life , for 82 years , and I am proud of myself and my people . I would like all my people to be free in this country and all over the world , my gay people and my black people . '' She was the grand marshal for Pride march in 1985 .
Hampton died on October 26 , 1989 , from pneumonia at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center .
Legacy
She was profiled posthumously in the documentary Not Just Passing Through .
Throughout her career and adult life in New York , Hampton collected memorabilia , ephemera , letters , and other records documenting her history , providing a window into the lives of black women and lesbians during the Harlem Renaissance , which she also donated to the Archives . Hampton left a legacy of invaluable archival materials to the Lesbian Herstory Archives . In particular , she donated her extensive lesbian pulp fiction collection to the Archives in 1976 .
In 1992 , Joan Nestle delivered the first Kessler Lecture for the CUNY Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies , titled `` I Lift My Eyes to the Hill '' : the Life of Mabel Hampton as Told by a White Woman .
External links
Not Just Passing Through
Lesbian Herstory Archives History
Themstory : Mabel Hampton
Further reading
References
1902 births
1989 deaths
African-American female dancers
American female dancers
African-American dancers
Harlem Renaissance
LGBT African Americans
LGBT people from New York ( state )
LGBT people from North Carolina
20th-century American dancers
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
African-American Catholics
LGBT dancers
Lesbians
LGBT Roman Catholics
Roman Catholic activists
20th-century LGBT people
The 2006 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season . Led by second-year head coach Tyrone Willingham , the team compiled a 5–7 record and was ninth in the Pacific-10 Conference . Home games were played on campus at Husky Stadium in Seattle .
Background
Two years earlier in 2004 , the Huskies had a dismal 1–10 season , with their lone victory over San Jose State . With three games remaining , second-year head coach Keith Gilbertson announced his resignation , effective at the end of the season . Willingham was hired in December after being dismissed from Notre Dame .
While Washington saw an overall improvement on the team in 2005 , they still struggled to win games , and finished with a 2–9 record . Highlights of the season were victories over Idaho and Pac-10 foe Arizona , and holding USC to 390 yards , their lowest offensive total of the year .
Pre-season
Redshirt freshman tailback J.R. Hasty was expected to have a big impact on the offense , but was declared academically ineligible . Senior Isaiah Stanback and sophomore Johnny Durocher competed for the starting quarterback position . Junior College transfers were Anthony Atkins ( DE ) , Jason Wells ( S ) , and Jordan Murchison ( CB ) . All were expected to fill holes in the team .
Washington did not appear in any pre-season rankings and was predicted to finish last in the Pac-10 media poll .
Pre-season awards
Sporting News Preseason All-Pac-10
C.J . Wallace - All-Pac-10 First Team
Sean Douglas - All-Pac-10 First Team
Scott White - All-Pac-10 Second Team
J.R. Hasty - Pac-10 Offensive Newcomer of the Year
Schedule
Season
San José State
Oklahoma
Fresno State
UCLA
Arizona
USC
In the fourth quarter , with 2 seconds left on the game clock , the Huskies moved the ball 15 yards shy of the end zone , stopping the clock by getting a first down . Before Isaiah Stanback could hike the ball , the clock ran out and they were unable to get off a final play . It was a controversial moment that many blamed on miscommunication from the officials regarding when the clock would start again .
Oregon State
Linebacker Scott White intercepted two passes in the first half , setting up two touchdowns and giving Washington a 17–10 lead by halftime . However , the Huskies struggled in the second half both offensively and defensively . Oregon State quarterback Matt Moore connected with wide receiver Sammie Stroughter to give OSU a 27–17 lead . Late in the fourth quarter , Washington quarterback Isaiah Stanback suffered a Lisfranc fracture in his right foot ; the injury requires surgery and Stanback will miss the remainder of the 2006 season .
California
Back-up quarterback Carl Bonnell made his first start of the season filling in for the injured Isaiah Stanback . In his first start he threw two touchdown passes including a 40 yard hail mary pass to Marlon Wood to send the game into over time . However , Bonnell also threw five interceptions in regulation , and one in over time .
Arizona State
Oregon
Stanford
Washington State
NFL Draft
Two Huskies were selected in the 2007 NFL Draft , which lasted seven rounds ( 255 selections ) .
References
Washington
Washington Huskies football seasons
Washington Huskies football
Hassan Tehrani Moghaddam ( ) ( 29 October 1959 – 12 November 2011 ) was an Iranian military officer in the Aerospace Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and designer of Iran 's ballistic missile project . He was the chief of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps . He founded Iran 's long-range missile program and sought the expertise and blueprint designs from North Korea in order to help develop Iran 's missile technology . He designed the Shahab , Ghadr and Sejjil missiles with an operational range of more than 1,000–2,000 kilometres to target Israel . For these reasons he is regarded as the father of Iran 's missile program . He was killed on 12 November 2011 in the Bid Kaneh explosion , at a military base belonging to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps 25 miles west of Iran 's capital , Tehran .
Biography
Tehrani Moghaddam was born on 29 October 1959 in Tehran . In 1977 , he graduated from high school . In 1979 , he received a bachelor 's in Mechanical Engineering from Sharif University of Technology . In 1981 , he received his MSc degree in Aerospace Engineering from K.N . Toosi University of Technology .
Moghaddam took part in the 1979 Iranian Revolution . In 1980 , he joined the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and was given special responsibility for information in the northern section of Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution . He had important roles in the Iran–Iraq War as follows :
Establishment of the first artillery corps in IRGC in 1982
Establishment of the artillery research center in Ahvaz in 1982
Establishment of the missile command center in IRGC in October 1983
Firing cannonballs towards Basrah in the Iran–Iraq War in January 1984
Firing the first rocket towards Kirkuk in the Iran–Iraq War in February 1985
Missile Commander of the IRGC Air Force in August 1985
Setting up the Lebanese Hezbollah missile unit in the years 1986–87
Designed the Naze'at missile , the first Iranian missile , in 1987
Commanded IRGC in Operation Mersad in August 1988 against Iraqi forces and MEK
Iran 's missile program
After the Iran–Iraq War ( 1980–1988 ) , as Iran had only non-native Scud missiles with an operational range limited to 300 kilometers , Moghaddam set up a long-range missile program and designed a number of different missiles . His immediate goal was to develop a ballistic missile program with an operational range of more than 2,000 kilometers that could hugely threaten Israel . Mostafa Izadi , a commander in the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution and close friend of Moghaddam said , `` Since 1984 [ Moghaddam ] pioneered the IRGC 's ground to ground missile system ... the work which has so frightened the world 's imperialist powers and the Zionist regime today . ''
At first , Moghaddam designed missiles that were reverse-engineered from Russian made Scud missiles . He produced the Shahab-1 from the Scud-B , and then developed the Shahab-2 and the Zelzal missiles ( Zelzal-1 , Zelzal-2 , and Zelzal-3 ) . In 1998 , from the Scud-C he developed the Shahab-3 , which is a medium-range ballistic missile with an operational range of 2,000 kilometers . It was tested between 1998 and 2003 and was added to Iran 's military arsenal on 7 July 2003 , with an official unveiling by Ayatollah Khamenei on 20 July of the same year . Moghaddam later improved the Shahab-3 and developed a new version of this missile called Ghadr-110 , which has a range of 1,800–2,000 kilometers and is also known as the Ghadr-101 .
In 2008 , Moghaddam developed and designed with the help of North Korea the first range of Iranian solid-fueled ballistic missiles known as the Sejjil . The Sejjil replaced the Shahab liquid-fueled ballistic missiles . According to US Pentagon sources , the missile profile of the Sejjil closely matches those of the Ashura ( Ghadr-110 ) and Samen missiles . The Sejjil launch tests on 13 November 2008 displayed an operational range of 2,000–2,500 kilometers . Subsequent to this Moghaddam was the chief designer of the Shahab , Ghadr , and Sejjil missiles .
Saeed Qasemi , a commander in the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution , said that Iran owed its missile program to Moghaddam and stated : `` A major part of [ Iran 's ] progress in the field of missile capability was due to round-the-clock efforts by ... Moghaddam '' . Another commander has described Moghaddam as the founder of Iran 's ballistic missile systems . Hossein Salami , the deputy head of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corp , declared about his role : `` Moghaddam was the main architect of the IRGC ' missile power and the founder of the deterrent power of our country . ''
Death
The Bid Kaneh arsenal explosion was a very large explosion that occurred on 12 November 2011 at the missile garrison of Modares . Seventeen members of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps were killed in the incident , among them the father of Iran 's missile program . Those who died are known as the `` Shahidan Ghadir '' .
After the explosion , initial reports indicated that it had happened at a CNG station , but this was later denied . Iranian officials said that the blast at the missile base was an accident , and ruled out any sabotage organized by the United States and its regional allies . The Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution said that the explosion `` had taken place in an missile arms depot when munitions were being moved '' . On the Iranian parliament 's website , icana.ir , Parviz Soroori , an Iranian MP , was quoted as saying , `` No sabotage was involved in this incident . It has nothing to do with politics '' . However , Time magazine reported claims from a `` western intelligence source '' that Israeli intelligence agency Mossad had orchestrated the explosion ; other reports , which were also attributed to intelligence services in the West , likewise mentioned the involvement of Israel 's intelligence services . An `` official with close links to the Iranian Government '' spoke to The Guardian anonymously and claimed that the blast was `` part of the covert war against Iran , led by Israel '' .
Gallery
See also
List of Iranian commanders in the Iran–Iraq War
Hassan Sayyad Khodaei
References
External links
from Tehran To Tel Aviv in 7 Minutes ( The role of Tehrani Moghaddam in Iranian missile program and Lebanese Hezbollah missile unit )
Cultural and artistic institution of Shohadae Ghadir
1959 births
2011 deaths
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps brigadier generals
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps personnel of the Iran–Iraq War
People of the Iranian Revolution
People from Tehran
Accidental deaths in Iran
Industrial accident deaths
Iranian industrial engineers
Invincible Pictures was an Australian Film Production company active from the 1930s through to the early 1980s . It was started by cinematographer Paul Ruckert in Brisbane in the mid-1930s and mainly produced documentaries . The first commercial productions were black-and-white newsreels covering local events , and the first documentary was a colour film entitled Beauty Spots around Brisbane in 1939 .
While Invincible Pictures started as a one-man operation , in later years Paul was assisted by his wife Iris Ruckert , who wrote many of the scripts and provided general assistance . Production ceased in 1981 , but Paul and Iris continued to screen their educational films in Queensland schools for many years under the auspices of the Queensland Arts Council .
For more detailed information please refer to Australian film producers articles - Paul F Ruckert
References
External links
Screening to pay tribute to Brisbane 's pioneer film-makers 2007
National Film and Sound Archive , Canberra .
Invincible Pictures
VH-5 ( Rescue Squadron 5 ) was one of six dedicated ( VH ) Rescue Squadrons of the U.S. Navy during WWII . A more comprehensive write-up on the VH squadrons can be found in the history of Rescue Squadron 3 ( VH-3 ) , which was the US Navy 's most active VH squadron . VH-5 rescued 8 air crewmen , assisted in the rescue another 2 aviators , and assisted in the capture of 4 Japanese adrift on a raft . VH-5 was established in September 1944 and disestablished in June 1946 . The squadron employed the Martin PBM Mariner during its operations .
Operational history
September 1944 : VH-5 was established at NAS Alameda , California .
April 1945 : VH-5 commences rescue operations headquartered out of Ebeye Island in the Kwajalein Atoll . Detachments are also stationed at Majuro and Enewetak Atoll .
May 1945 : VH-5 rescues 4 survivors from 2 downed SB2C and 1 downed F4U , assists in the rescue of another 2 survivors of a downed SB2C , and assists in the capture of 4 Japanese adrift on a raft .
June 1945 : VH-5 rescues 2 survivors from a downed SB2C from VMSB-331 .
July 1945 : VH-5 rescues 2 survivors from an SB2C downed after a strike against Wotje Atoll .
19-28 August and 5 September 1945 : VH-5 participates in the negotiations , formal surrender , and American occupation of Japanese-held Mili Atoll and Jaluit Atoll .
June 1946 : VH-5 was disestablished .
See also
VH-3 ( Rescue squadron )
VH-5 squadron [ 1 ]
VH squadrons [ 2 ]
Dumbo ( air-sea rescue )
Seaplane tender
Flying boat
Air-sea rescue
List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons
References
Rescue squadrons of the United States Navy
A mining community , also known as a mining town or a mining camp , is a community that houses miners . Mining communities are usually created around a mine or a quarry .
Historic mining communities
Australia
Ballarat , Victoria
Bendigo , Victoria
Austria
Schwaz
Eisenerz , Styria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Banovići
Kakanj
Tuzla
Zenica
Canada
Cobalt , Ontario
Glace Bay , Nova Scotia
Dawson City , Yukon
Lynn Lake , Manitoba
Red Lake , Ontario
Thompson , Manitoba
Timmins , Ontario
Germany
In Germany , a Bergstadt refers to a settlement near mineral deposits vested with town privileges , Bergregal rights and tax exemption , in order to promote the economic development of the mining region .
Baden-Württemberg
Freudenstadt
Prinzbach
Bavaria
Auerbach in der Oberpfalz
Pegnitz ( town )
Bodenmais
Lam
Fichtelberg ( Upper Franconia )
Lower Saxony
Altenau
Bad Grund
Clausthal
Zellerfeld
Lautenthal
Obernkirchen
Sankt Andreasberg
Wildemann
North Rhine-Westphalia
Lüdenscheid
Saxony
Altenberg
Annaberg
Buchholz
Berggießhübel
Bleiberg ( near Frankenberg/Sa . ) ( town no longer exists )
Brand
Ehrenfriedersdorf
Eibenstock
Elterlein
Ernstthal
Freiberg
Geyer
Glashütte ( Saxony )
Hohenstein
Johanngeorgenstadt
Lengefeld
Lößnitz
Marienberg , Saxony
Neustädtel
Oberwiesenthal
Oederan
Scheibenberg
Schneeberg
Schwarzenberg/Erzgeb .
Thum
Voigtsberg
Wolkenstein
Zschopau
Zwönitz
Saxony-Anhalt
Eisleben
Sangerhausen
Thuringia
Ilmenau
Ruhla
Suhl
Sondershausen
Nigeria
Enugu
Jos
Norway
Kongsberg ( formerly )
Røros
Poland
Georgenberg ( now Miasteczko Śląskie )
Goldberg , ( now Złotoryja )
Groß Salze , ( now Wieliczka )
Nikolstadt , ( now Mikołajowice )
Salzberg , ( now Bochnia )
Wilhelmstal , ( now Bolesławów )
Slovakia/Hungary
Upper Austrio-Hungarian mining towns
Göllnitz , today Gelnica
Jossau , today Jasov
Nemecká Ľupča , today Partizánska Ľupča
Schmöllnitz , today Smolník
Rosenau , today Rožňava
Ruda , today Rudabánya in Hungary
Telken , today Telkibánya in Hungary
Zipser Neudorf , today Spišská Nová Ves
Lower Austrio-Hungarian mining towns
Dilln , today Banská Belá
Königsberg , today Nová Baňa
Kremnitz , today Kremnica
Libethen , today Ľubietová
Neusohl , today Banská Bystrica
Pukanz , today Pukanec
Schemnitz , today Banská Štiavnica
Czech Republic
( Listed under names given when founded or working as a mining town )
Abertham , today Abertamy
Adamstadt , today Adamov
Adamsfreiheit , today Hůrky
Bärringen , today Pernink
Bergreichenstein , today Kašperské Hory
Bergstadt , today Horní Město
Bleistadt , today Oloví
Böhmisch Wiesenthal , today Loučná pod Klínovcem
Eule , today Jílové u Prahy
St. Georgenthal , today Jiretin pod Jedlovou
Goldeck ( Mährisch Altstadt ) , today Staré Město pod Sněžníkem
Goldenstein , today Branná
Gossengrün , today Krajková
Gottesgab , today Boží Dar
Graupen , today Krupka
Hartmanitz , today Hartmanice
Iglau , today Jihlava
St. Joachimsthal , today Jáchymov
Johannesthal , today Janov
St. Katharinaberg , today Hora Svaté Kateriny
Klostergrab , today Hrob
Kupferberg , today Měděnec
Kuttenberg , today Kutná Hora
Lauterbach ( Kaiserwald ) ( town no longer exists )
Mies , today Stříbro
Neustadt a. d. Tafelfichte , today Nové Město pod Smrkem
Plan , today Planá
Platz , today Místo
Platten , today Horní Blatná
Preßnitz ( town no longer exists )
Rudolfstadt , today Rudolfov
Schlaggenwald , today Horní Slavkov
Sebastiansberg , today Hora Svatého Šebestiána
Sonnenberg , today Výsluní
Unterreichenstein , today Rejštejn
Wodnian , today Vodňany
Zuckmantel , today Zlaté Hory
Slovenia
Idrija
Velenje
Trbovlje
United States
In Alaska
Juneau
Skagway
In Arizona
Bisbee
Cerro Colorado
Contention City
Jerome
Klondyke
Ruby
Tombstone
Tumacacori
In California
Calico , San Bernardino Co .
Columbia
In Colorado
Central City
Cripple Creek
Denver
Idaho Springs
Leadville
Tercio
Victor
In Idaho
Custer
Idaho City
In Iowa
Buxton
Centerville
Coalville
Confidence
Lucas
Everist
Muchakinock
Mystic
Numa
Seymour
What Cheer
In Michigan
Bessemer
Calumet
Houghton
Ironwood
Ishpeming
Negaunee
Wakefield
White Pine
In Minnesota
Aurora
Babbitt
Biwabik
Bovey
Buhl
Calumet
Chisholm
Coleraine
Crosby
Cuyuna
Ely
Eveleth
Gilbert
Hibbing
Hoyt Lakes
Ironton
Keewatin
Kinney
Marble
McKinley
Mountain Iron
Nashwauk
Riverton
Soudan
Taconite
Trommald
Virginia
In Montana
Bannack ( ghost town )
Butte
Colstrip
Virginia City
In Nevada
Austin
Eureka
Goldfield
Jarbidge
Pioche
Tonopah
Virginia City
In New Mexico
Pinos Altos
Silver City
In South Dakota
Deadwood
In Utah
Dragon
Eureka
Frisco
Park City
Silver Reef
Spring Canyon
In Wisconsin
Hurley
Hong Kong
Ma On Shan Village
Indonesia
Central Papua Province
Tembagapura
South Korea
Gangwon Province
Jeongseon County
Taebaek City
Samcheok City
Yeongwol County
North Gyeongsang Province
Sangju City
Mungyeong City
Uljin County
Yeongju City
Bonghwa County
See also
Boomtown
Coal town
Man camp temporary housing for resource extraction .
Mission ( station )
Pit village
References
Book features pg . 147 about what is necessary for a settlement to have in order to be considered a `` mining town '' .
History of mining
Antonio Montero Moreno ( 28 August 1928 – 16 June 2022 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate .
Montero Moreno was born in Churriana de la Vega and was ordained to the priesthood in 1951 . He served as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seville and was titular bishop of Regiana from 1969 to 1980 . Montero then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Badajoz , Spain . from 1980 to 1994 . He then served as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz , Spain , from 1994 until his retirement in 2004 .
References
1928 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Spain
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Spain
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Spain
Bishops of Badajoz
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul VI
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
Pontifical University of Salamanca alumni
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Richard Kelley ( 24 July 1904 – April 1984 ) was a British trade unionist and left-wing Labour Party politician from the coal mining area of Doncaster . He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Don Valley from 1959 to 1979 .
Career
Kelley was a miners ' union secretary in Doncaster for 10 years , where he joined with National Coal Board managers in opposition to miners who wanted to leave work early when their work was complete , fearing that it could lead to miners hurrying their work and ignoring safety precautions . He also served as a councillor on the West Riding of Yorkshire County council from 1949 to 1959 .
At the time of his candidacy for Parliament , the NUM 's leadership in Yorkshire tried to prevent left-wingers from becoming sponsored miners ' MPs and most MPs in NUM-dominated seats were on the right of the Labour Party . Richard Kelley was able to secure election because the collieries in the Don Valley were considerably more militant than in the rest of Yorkshire and built an independent power base around his candidacy .
He was elected at the 1959 general election as the MP for Don Valley , and held the seat at five further general elections until he retired from the House of Commons at the 1979 general election . Kelley was sponsored by the National Union of Mineworkers ( NUM ) , and was one of the MPs affected by a decision in 1977 of the Yorkshire area of the NUM to seek the retirement at age 65 of all MPs sponsored by mining unions .
In Parliament
In February 1961 , the German Democratic Republic 's news agency ADN reported that Kelley had been `` harassed '' , `` threatened '' and then arrested by police in West Berlin whilst visiting the city in connection with his attendance at a conference for coexistence and disarmament in Warsaw . The West Berlin authorities dismissed the claims , describing the incident as `` trivial '' . In June of that year , Kelley 's son Jack , then aged 23 , was fined £1 for painting the slogan `` ban the bomb '' on a bus shelter near Doncaster , but said `` it has nothing to do with my father '' .
Kelley opposed the Vietnam War . In March 1967 he signed an advertisement in The Times calling on the government of the United Kingdom to `` dissociate itself explicitly from the bombing of North Vietnam '' , and in April that year he was one of 59 Labour MPs to vote against the Labour government in a Commons motion on the war . He rebelled against the incomes policy of Harold Wilson 's government , voting against the government in a division on the report stage of the Prices and Incomes Bill in June 1968 , and voted against the government again in a further motion on Vietnam in December 1969 .
In November 1976 , Kelley was one of 33 Labour MPs denounced by the Social Democratic Alliance ( a pressure group on the right of the Labour Party ) for their alleged associations with Communist and Trotskyite organisations . The MPs , who included Tony Benn and future leader Michael Foot , were accused by the SDA of being part of a shift in the party `` in favour of intolerant Marxist totalitarianism '' .
References
External links
1904 births
1984 deaths
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Members of West Riding County Council
National Union of Mineworkers-sponsored MPs
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People from Doncaster
British trade unionists
Carrigadrohid Lake is a lake on the River Lee in County Cork , Ireland . Standing upstream ( i.e . west ) of Carrigadrohid village , it is a reservoir created for the Carrigadrohid hydroelectric power station , built in the 1950s .
Geography
Carrigadrohid Lake is located in southern Ireland .
Wildlife
Carrigadrohid Lake is a noted fishery for bream , rudd , roach , northern pike and perch .
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References
Lakes of County Cork
River Lee
Cerapoda ( `` ceratopsians '' and `` ornithopods '' ) is a clade of the dinosaur order Ornithischia , that includes pachycephalosaurs , ceratopsians and ornithopods
Classification
Cerapoda is divided into two groups : Ornithopoda ( `` bird-foot '' ) and Marginocephalia ( `` fringed heads '' ) . The latter group includes the Pachycephalosauria ( `` thick-headed lizards '' ) and Ceratopsia ( `` horned faces '' ) . The following taxonomy follows Richard J. Butler , Paul Upchurch and David B. Norman , 2008 ( and Butler et al. , 2011 ) unless otherwise noted .
Cerapoda was first named by Sereno in 1986 and defined by him as `` Parasaurolophus walkeri Parks , 1922 , Triceratops horridus Marsh , 1889 , their most recent common ancestor and all descendants '' . In 2021 , Cerapoda was given a formal definition under the PhyloCode : `` The smallest clade containing Iguanodon bernissartensis Boulenger in Beneden , 1881 , Pachycephalosaurus wyomingensis ( Gilmore , 1931 ) , and Triceratops horridus Marsh , 1889 . ''
The cladogram below follows a 2011 analysis by paleontologists Richard J. Butler , Jin Liyong , Chen Jun and Pascal Godefroit .
References
Ornithischians
Bajocian first appearances
Maastrichtian extinctions
Taxa named by Paul Sereno
The Edict of Restitution was proclaimed by Ferdinand II , Holy Roman Emperor in Vienna , on 6 March 1629 , eleven years into the Thirty Years ' War . Following Catholic military successes , Ferdinand hoped to restore control of land to that specified in the Peace of Augsburg ( 1555 ) . That treaty 's `` Ecclesiastical Reservation '' had prohibited further secularization of lands held by the Catholic church after 1555 , disallowing any transfer of such lands to Protestant control . However , as the Holy Roman Empire descended into the Thirty Years ' War , weak emperors had been unable to enforce this provision against Protestant encroachments .
Background
The Diet of Speyer ( 1526 ) introduced the principle of cuius regio , eius religio : in essence , agreeing to disagree within the Holy Roman Empire . With that principle confirmed by the Peace of Augsburg , large-scale violence between Lutherans and Catholics in Germany was temporarily avoided .
Some Protestant princes interpreted this principle to mean that the Peace of Augsburg allowed secularization of lands held under Catholic church officials who converted to Protestantism . With the Emperors unable to enforce an interpretation more favorable to them , lands traditionally held by the Catholic church continued to be secularized in this way after the Peace of Augsburg .
In Europe at this time , and in particular the German states within the Holy Roman Empire , control over land and its inheritance was frequently contested , as it was the main source of both power and wealth . Noble families sought to control as much land within the extended family as possible , including by appointing younger sons prince-bishops or prince-abbots . This system created strong incentives to convert to Protestantism and secularize land , thereby seizing control of it from the Catholic Church .
The Edict
The `` Edict of Restitution '' attempted to retroactively enforce Ferdinand 's interpretation of the `` Ecclesiastical Reservation '' of the Augsburg treaty , effectively undoing changes in control over large areas of land . This had a strong polarizing effect , causing the approximately 1,800 states of the Holy Roman Empire to form disparate , violently opposed blocs .
If fully effected , it would have changed the rulers of the already secularized archbishoprics of Bremen and Magdeburg , 12 bishoprics , and over 100 religious houses throughout the German states . What was implemented resulted in a great transfer of power and property from the Protestants to the Catholics , compounding a divisive religious struggle with conflict for dynastic power among many smaller German princes , who might otherwise have stayed neutral .
This dramatic expansion in the scope and stakes of the Thirty Years ' War was very destructive to Germany 's lands and people , as mercenary armies marched through neutral states or ravaged them in the course of their foraging expeditions . Tens of thousands of Protestants fled to Protestant-controlled states , generally broadening the war . Central Germany was ravaged repeatedly , probably losing between 25 % and 50 % of its pre-war population because the competing armies continually seized food , causing widespread famine and deaths from endemic diseases among people weakened by hunger .
In northeastern Germany , where Ferdinand 's power had been weakest , Ferdinand appointed Imperial administrators to take control of the secularized states and cities , re-establishing Imperial authority in an area that had been highly autonomous for a century . Many princes opposed this , but had no immediate means of resisting it , with the Coalition destroyed and Wallenstein keeping an army of 134,000 troops in the field to enforce Imperial authority . French alarm at the threat a united Empire could pose ultimately led to French intervention in the war .
Wallenstein personally disliked the Edict , as it interfered with the region he considered his own , but he did his duty for the emperor to the fullest , stating that `` he would teach the Electors manners . They must be dependent on the emperor , not the emperor on them . '' The princes responded by rallying behind 's Maximillian of Bavaria effort to pressure Ferdinand into dismissing Wallenstein . Their chance came in 1630 when Ferdinand called a meeting of the Electors in Regensburg because he wanted his son , Ferdinand III , elected King of the Romans . As the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire was selected by a vote from the Electorate of German princes , Ferdinand needed their cooperation to approve his son as successor . Ferdinand also hoped to persuade the Electors to approve greater direct Imperial Austrian involvement in the European wars .
John George I of Saxony and George William of Brandenburg ( both Protestant ) did not attend the meeting , in protest against the Edict . The Electors who were present concluded that they had little to gain from additional involvement in the wars , and Maximillian asked Ferdinand for the dismissal of Wallenstein . To win over the Electors , Ferdinand removed Wallenstein in August 1630 , allowing him to resign to save face . The dismissal of the most powerful military figure in Europe was a major victory for the Electors , and the Regensburg conclave is considered a defeat for Ferdinand .
In July 1630 , Gustavus Adolphus landed in Pomerania with 4,000 men in response to the persecution of the Protestants . Without Wallenstein , Ferdinand had to turn to Maximillian and Tilly to stop the new threat . This turned the tide of the Thirty Years ' War .
In 1635 the Edict of Restitution was effectively revoked by the terms of the Peace of Prague . Led by Cardinal Dietrichstein , 22 theologians , mostly Dominicans and Capuchins led by Don Diego Quiroga , voted in favour of its repeal . A minority of Jesuits led by Lamormaini voted against it .
References
1629 in law
1629 in religion
1629 in the Holy Roman Empire
Christianity and law in the 17th century
Restitution
Ferdinand II , Holy Roman Emperor
Simon Jean Paul Sasha Adams ( born 1966 ) , known as Sacha Stone , is a British New Age influencer and conspiracy theory promoter . He is best known for marketing 5GBioShield , a fraudulent anti-radiation protection device . He is also known for founding The International Tribunal for Natural Justice , The New Earth Project and the New Earth Festival which he hosts at his private resort , Akasha New Earth Haven , in Ubud , Bali .
Early life
Stone was born in Rhodesia . In the 1990s , he was the lead vocalist in the eponymously titled band Stone , which released one album , Cover The Sun , but did not achieve commercial success .
Activism
Stone launched the NewEarth Project , promoting `` conscious living '' , in 2013 . This led to the NewEarth Festival , launched in 2017 , attended by 2,000 . In 2018 , he initiated the International Tribunal for Natural Justice , to promote awarenes of `` natural justice '' .
Antisemitic claims
Stone posits that humanity is ruled by elite `` Hidden Masters '' , which he refers to as `` the Illuminati '' , `` the Babylonian blood-cult '' , the `` Luciferians '' , and the `` Sabbateans '' : Our holonomic reality can realistically be defined as a culture underpinned by generational satanism , ritual sacrifice , blood-economics and arch deception perpetrated by approximately 1 out of 10 people against an unwitting 9 out of 10 . That is if any reasonable statistical analysis of contemporary satanism holds true.Stone blamed the world 's current woes on `` Sabbatian Zionist Lurian Kabbalists behind the veil , '' a formulation referring to followers of the 16th century Kabbalist Rabbi Isaac Luria and the 17th century mystic Shabtai Tzvi .
Anti-vaccine claims
At the 2019 NewEarth Festival , curated by Stone in Bali , invited speakers included anti-vaccine activist Del Bigtree and US conspiracy theory author G. Edward Griffin .
Stone has stated that the COVID-19 vaccine is a conspiracy to implant a `` nanochip '' in the human body so that `` the Beast '' can `` take control of their soul . '' Stone has stated that use of vaccines is misguided : `` Anyone who rolls their sleeve up for a vaccine – or an RFID nanochip – is absolutely inviting the Beast to take control of their soul '' .
On 5 January 2021 , Stone hosted an event titled `` Focus on Fauci '' with anti-vaccine activists Judy Mikovits , a discredited biochemist , and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , an American lawyer known for promoting misinformation about vaccines and radio-communication systems .
International Tribunal for Natural Justice
Stone founded The International Tribunal For Natural Justice , an organisation which stages court-like hearings dedicated to applying the principle of `` natural law '' to matters of current affairs . ITNJ has featured a discredited individual who have subsequently used it as a forum for making false or misleading statements .
ITNJ hearings are chaired by Sir John Walsh of Brannagh , a lawyer disbarred from his practice in Victoria , Australia who is a former chancellor of Greenwich University , an unaccredited university formerly of Norfolk Island , Victoria .
Robert O . Young , an American naturopath , who was jailed for illegally practising medicine , claimed in a November 2019 ITNJ video that `` Mandating vaccines is part of depopulation plan '' . In a widely circulated clip , Young makes unsubstantiated claims that Bill Gates wants to kill three million people , that international health agencies are `` using chemical warfare against all of us '' , that viruses are not real , that vaccines are poison , and that alkaline can be used to cure any ailment . The video went viral on social media , which were dismissed as false by numerous factcheck organisations
The ITNJ organised a hearing on child trafficking , with `` chief counsel '' Robert David Steele , a former CIA-agent . His opening speech supported Pizzagate conspiracy theory and suggested that Hillary Clinton 's 2016 US presidential campaign team were Satanic paedophiles .
Since 2020 , ITNJ has spread conspiracy theories about the COVID-19 pandemic , including false claims that 5G technology helps the coronavirus spread . On 10 May 2020 , ITNJ hosted a hearing which included testimony from discredited former doctor Andrew Wakefield and Sherri Tenpenny , an American anti-vaccination activist .
Claims about 5G
Stone has promoted the hoax that 5G is associated with health risks . He produced 5G Apocalypse : The Extinction Event , an hour-long documentary film promoting the idea that 5G telephone networks are a military weapon disguised as a telephone system . The documentary introduced Mark Steele , whose claims comprise the bulk of its content . The hour-long documentary had over a million views before being removed from YouTube .
At the documentary 's launch , Stone sold access to the film for $ 10 , which included a 10 % discount on the Bauer 5GBioShield , a USB-stick which Stone marketed as being able to protect users from the harmful effects of 5G radiation . The USB stick was sold by Stone through an affiliate marketing network , but was later considered to be a scam by Trading Standards .
Arise USA Tour
Stone was a guest speaker in Robert David Steele 's Arise USA tour . He used this as a platform to alert his audience to a `` wave of unprecedented evil '' which he believed to be taking over America .
References
1966 births
Living people
British conspiracy theorists
British anti-vaccination activists
5G conspiracy theorists
COVID-19 conspiracy theorists
Eskikarsak , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey . The village is populated by Kurds .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
This is the discography of Chris Cornell , an American rock musician . This list does not include material recorded by Cornell with Soundgarden , Temple of the Dog , or Audioslave , of which he was the main vocalist , frontman , and rhythm guitarist . His four solo studio albums released during his lifetime were Euphoria Morning ( 1999 ) , Carry On ( 2007 ) , Scream ( 2009 ) , and Higher Truth ( 2015 ) . A fifth , No One Sings Like You Anymore , Vol . 1 , was released posthumously in 2020 . His two compilation albums ( including one posthumous ) were The Roads We Choose – A Retrospective ( 2007 ) and Chris Cornell ( 2018 ) . He released one live album , titled Songbook . Cornell made numerous soundtrack contributions and released nineteen singles . With Soundgarden , he produced six albums , five EPs , and two greatest hits compilations . He released three albums with Audioslave and one with Temple of the Dog . Cornell also co-produced the Screaming Trees album Uncle Anesthesia .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Notes
Other charted songs
Music videos
Other appearances
Contributions and collaborations
See also
List of songs recorded by Chris Cornell
References
Rock music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Discography
A Helloi ( also , Heloi ) is a female nature spirit in Meitei mythology , folklore and religion . Hellois are often depicted in the forms of beautiful young women . They are often associated with seduction of men . They are the most powerful among the female spirits . They can cause diseases .
The hellois are often known for their charming beauty , ecological balance and male submission ( seduction ) . Hellois are sometimes seen as evil spirits in the forms of beautiful maidens .
Helloi Taret ( ) are the seven sisters . They stay in the thick bushes or dark and dense forests . They also live in other places of wilderness like rivers and meadows .
In Meitei mythology
Hellois are one of the most common female spirits believed in Meitei mythology and folklore . According to the Maibas ( ) , hellois are the most powerful female spirits . They could spread diseases , especially sexually transmitted infections . Hellois attack men and cause disorder of mind . From men , women may get sick in their sexual organs . According to belief , the highest rate of such attacks occurs in March and April . It is the time of celebrating Yaoshang , a spring festival . At the same time , Thabal Chongba occasions are performed by both men and women .
In Meitei religion
Helloi Oknaba ( ) is one of the most common events of meeting with supernatural beings in Meitei folklore . Challenges to or conflicts with the hellois often make one 's life unhappy . In such cases , one may get sick , mental imbalance and temporary madness . If such people are not properly treated by a maiba or a maibi , the symptoms may continue long . It may lead to permanent madness ( mental impairment ) . One who meets a helloi often acts in abnormal and mentally challenged ways . For example , the victims may not be able to recognize his family members and friends . However , the victims could still communicate with the very helloi . The spirit may not easily leave the victim . She will demand something in return to leave the victim . Thus , Hellois seek their needs by bewitching people .
The maibas perform rites and rituals to prevent attraction and attacks on men by the hellois . They feed the spirits with animal faeces and some specially prepared ritual foods .
Hellois and Hingchabis
Hellois and Hingchabis are the two most popular forms of female spirits in Meitei mythology and folklore . But these two mythical beings are not almost all similar . Hellois are wandering spirits . On the other hand , Hingchabis live inside some women . They exposed their supernatural powers into the bodies of the victims . They cause illness , mental sufferings , bad luck , and sometimes even death to the victims .
See also
Lai Khutsangbi
Uchek Langmeidong
References
Bibliography
Heloi Heloi Mi Heloi by Pramodini , Khaidem
External links
Meitei folklore
Meitei mythology
Paul Wissaert ( 13 May 1885 – 5 July 1972 ) was a Belgian sculptor . His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1885 births
1972 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Brussels
mTropolis ( pronounced `` metropolis '' ) was an open-architecture multimedia programming application aimed at enabling rapid development of multimedia titles . It was developed by mFactory ( pronounced `` em-factory '' ) and introduced in 1995 . It introduced object-oriented concepts such as reusable objects , modifiers and behaviors into the multimedia authoring space dominated by Macromedia 's Director software . mTropolis was bought in 1997 by Quark , which moved development from Burlingame , California to Denver and then cancelled the product one year later . Despite efforts by its fervent users to attempt to save their investment and beloved tool , negotiations and even a possible purchase offer never came to fruition .
History
mTropolis competed in the interactive multimedia product space dominated in the 1990s by Macromedia Director . The software 's maker , mFactory , founded in 1992 , variously positioned mTropolis as an alternative and as an adjunct to Director .
mTropolis was bought by Quark in 1997 . The use of behaviors in mTropolis spurred Macromedia on to introduce behaviors in Director 6.0 .
I was there when Seery , Shepherd , meself and probably Greggy went over to the Mtrop user meetings . We straight out stole [ behaviors ] from
them .
- Alex Zavatone ( ex Macromedia ) on the Direct-L Mailing List , Tue , 9 Sep 2008
While multimedia CD-ROM authoring has largely been rendered irrelevant by online content distribution , mTropolis remains an interesting study in application design , and held a loyal following for many years .
Paradigm
The development environment was very different from the other tools around at the time - Apple Computer 's HyperCard , Pitango Clickworks and others had a card based metaphor , and Macromedia Director had a film metaphor ( the content area is called The Stage , the timeline The Score , an asset library named The Cast , etc. ) . In mTropolis there were sections , subsections , and scenes . Assets would be placed onto the scene , and then combinations of behaviors and modifiers would be dragged onto the assets .
Powerful interaction and animation could be created by making different modifiers send messages to each other , allowing a user to create something impressive fairly quickly , without any typing . There was a simple programming language , accessed via a Miniscript modifier , but most of the programming was achieved by attaching standard behaviors and modifiers , and making selections within the modifier pop-up menus .
Technical Issues
According to Starship Titanic author Douglas Adams , his team had originally selected mTropolis 1.0 for its development platform but it had to be abandoned for unspecified technical insufficiencies in favor of an in-house tool .
Miniscript Limitations
One criticism of the tool was that the integrated programming language , Miniscript , was lacking key features necessary for common tasks . Because mTropolis was conceived around a visual programming metaphor , mFactory engineers intentionally omitted control constructs such as conditional loops . To remedy such limitations , the third-party developer AX Logic produced the commercially-available Alien Studio modifier as a drop-in replacement for Miniscript .
File Format
The advent in version 1.1 of the mTropolis browser plug-in for Netscape Navigator , dubbed mPire , exposed a core architectural shortcoming . The binary file format was not cross-platform ; in order to make a mTropolis element available for embedding on a web page , the author was required to save a Macintosh version and a separate Windows version . Hence the web server had to store redundant copies of the same content , consuming disk space and necessitating the use of loader pages to serve the file appropriate for the end user 's operating system .
Macintosh-Only Authoring
While playback engines existed for both the Macintosh and Windows platforms , the mTropolis authoring system itself only ran on the Mac .
Release history
mTropolis 1.0
January 1995 : Released at MacWorld San Francisco . Retail price $ 4,495 .
mTropolis 1.1
May 1996 : Added support for QuickTime VR 1.0 . Retail price $ 1,195 .
October 1996 : mFactory releases beta 1 of the mPire browser plug-in .
mTropolis 2.0
March 1997 : mFactory announces pre-order sales availability for version 2.0 , due to ship in `` the second half of May . '' Retail price $ 995 .
May 1997 : Quark , Inc. purchases mFactory .
March 1998 : Quark announces that v2.0 would be furnished free-of-charge to registered mTropolis v1 customers , but that the product will not be made available for general purchase .
Titles Created with mTropolis
Due to the way the mTropolis Player was separate from developer content , by viewing the files , it is easy to tell if a title was developed with mTropolis . A few CD-ROMs were created using mTropolis , including the BAFTA award winning MindGym , Scott Kim 's Obsidian , A Sharp 's King of Dragon Pass , Muppet Treasure Island , Voyager 's Fun With Architecture , The Magic World of Beatrix Potter , SPQR : The Empire 's Darkest Hour and The Day the World Broke
References
External links
mtropolis.com ( archived 2000 )
Multimedia software
Authoring systems
Orphan works
The Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DR Congo ) first participated at the Olympic Games in 1968 , when it was known as Congo Kinshasa . The nation 's next Olympic appearance was sixteen years later in 1984 , when it was known as Zaire . The nation has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then , but has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games . By the 2000 Games , the nation was once again designated Democratic Republic of the Congo .
No athlete from DR Congo has ever won an Olympic medal , making it the second most populous country in the world never to have done so , after Bangladesh .
The National Olympic Committee for DR Congo was created in 1963 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1968 .
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for the Democratic Republic of the Congo at the Olympics
: Category : Olympic competitors for the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
External links
Olympics
Norfolkia thomasi , known commonly as the Thomas ' triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Norfolkia . It was described by Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1964 , naming it in honour of Leonard Rees Thomas who organised the Australian Museum 's 1962 Swain Reefs Expedition . The hemispherical eggs of the Thomas ' triplefin are covered in sticky threads that help anchor them in the algae on their nesting sites . This adaption helps insure the safety of the eggs . One the eggs hatch the larvae that emerge are planktonic and they stick to shallow waters near the shore . The matured Thomas ' triplefin then ventures out into the coral reef and intertidal pools . This species is found in the western Pacific Ocean from the Ryukyu Islands to the Tuamoto Archipelago , in Australia it is distributed from the northern Great Barrier Reef south to Byron Bay , New South Wales .
References
Thomas ' triplefin
Fish described in 1964
Aaron Rakeffet-Rothkoff ( born December 2 , 1937 ) is Professor of Rabbinic Literature at Yeshiva University 's Caroline and Joseph S. Gruss Institute in Jerusalem . He is a noted scholar , author and teacher who has taught thousands of students throughout his over 55+ years of teaching . He spent four years studying under Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik and remained very close to him afterwards .
Biography
Rabbi Rakeffet attended Bnei Akiva as a youth . Meir Kahane was one of his madrichim ( counselors ) . Rabbi Rakeffet met his future wife Malkah while giving a shiur at Bnei Akiva .
Rabbi Rakeffet started his career in 1961 as a pulpit rabbi at Lower Merion Synagogue in Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania . In 1962 , he moved from Lower Merion to become the spiritual leader of the first Orthodox synagogue in suburban Essex County , Congregation Beth Ephraim of Maplewood and South Orange , New Jersey . During that time , he also served as a high school rebbe at Yeshiva University High School for Boys . In 1969 , he moved to Israel and worked as a Staff Editor for the Encyclopaedia Judaica . He also wrote numerous entries , including the one for Rabbi Joseph Dov Soloveitchik and Rabbi Eliezer Silver .
Upon the conclusion of the Encyclopaedia Judaica project , Rabbi Rakeffet pursued his love of teaching . He was a pioneer in Torah education for diaspora students in Israel . He was a member of the initial 1969 faculty of Jerusalem Torah College ( BMT ) and taught there for twenty years . He also taught at Machon Gold and Michlalah . He was also a founding faculty member at Midreshet Moriah , an advanced Torah study program for women .
Rabbi Rakeffet has been a member of the Gruss Kollel faculty since its inception in 1976 . He also recruited Dr. Nechama Leibowitz to teach there as well .
Rabbi Rakeffet served in the Israel Defense Forces until the maximum allowable age . He served in Lebanon during the 1982 Lebanon War .
In 1980 , he was recruited by Aryeh Kroll to join the Mossad 's clandestine Nativ operation to teach Torah in the Soviet Union . Rabbi Rakeffet visited the Soviet Union in 1981 , 1985 , and 1989 together with his wife Malkah , and recruited 200 others to also visit . His initial visit motivated him to help found the Shvut Ami organization .
After the Iron Curtain fell , Rabbi Rakeffet followed his daughter into focusing on a new cause , the International Coalition of Missing Israeli Soldiers . At first , he spoke at fund-raising events . He soon became close with the Baumels and participated in evaluating the various leads they had . Unfortunately , no tangible outcome was realized . He then conceived the idea of using the standards for permitting agunot to marry for these cases . If the evidence indicated that the soldiers were no longer alive , the families might realize a sense of closure and the Israeli government might more easily negotiate with the enemies who held the bodies . Rabbi Rakeffet 's idea was accepted by the Israel Defense Forces . In 2001 , he formed a beit din which was given the necessary clearance to analyze all available evidence . After 2.5 years , the beit din concluded the soldiers had died . Rabbi Rakeffet 's halakhic innovation of `` Presumed Dead ; Place of Burial Unknown '' ( מקל ' ן ) , is currently used by the IDF to declare a missing soldier `` Presumed Dead '' in similar cases .
Rabbi Rakeffet felt strongly that a documentary should be made about Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik . After much effort , he found Ethan Isenberg to produce the film , and a donor to subsidize it . The documentary `` The Lonely Man of Faith : The Life and Legacy of Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik '' was first shown in November 2006 .
Rabbi Rakeffet finished his 10-year effort of writing his personal scholarly memoir , `` From Washington Avenue to Washington Street '' , with its publication in 2011 . Published by the OU Press in conjunction with Gefen Publishing House . It was his seventh published volume .
One critic hailed the memoirs : `` Although serious to the core , his wonderful sense of humor shines in this inspiring life story of a true intellectual who continues to devote his talents to the Jewish people and the State of Israel . ''
In June 2016 , Rakafot Aharon Vol 3 was published by Shvut Ami . Rabbi Dr. Yaakov S. Weinstein of East Brunswick , NJ compiled and annotated it based on contemporary Halachic topics presented by Rabbi Rakeffet between 1998 – 2002 in his advanced shiurim given at YU 's Gruss Kollel . The topics include : The classic Agunah , Mamzerut and Artificial Insemination .
In July 2019 , Rakafot Aharon Vol 4 was published , also by Shvut Ami . The first section on Hilkhot Kiddushin was compiled by Rabbi Dr. Weinstein , based on Rabbi Rakeffet 's shiurim . The second section on the Russian Saga consists of material on Rabbi and Mrs. Rakffet 's visits to the Soviet Union while working for the Mossad during the 1980s . The third section includes a portion of Rakeffet 's published scholarship since 1993 . The fourth section contains unique documents and pictures , including the identification of every student in a famous picture of Rabbi Joseph Soloveitchik 's 1960 classroom .
Noteworthy Quotations
You can not be a good Zionist unless you know Vayoel Moshe by heart . Once you know Vayoel Moshe by heart , with Al HaGeula Ve'Al Hatemura…then you can be a Zionist . Until then you 're a faker . .
My life is an open book . There is nothing I 've done in my life which I hide from you , the good or the bad . Students have to know everything about a rebbe . If the rebbe hides something , then you have to throw that rebbe out . It 's a sign he ca n't be a rebbe .
If we take the point of view that we have to educate students but not clone them , then ... we just have to say לא דרכי דרכיכם ולא מחשבותי מחשבותיכם .. and . As a rebbe for so many years , I pride myself that I never tried to clone my students ... I have so many students that became Chasidim , Chabadnikim , someone found their roots going back to Belz , I even have a Gerrer or two among the thousands of students I taught over the years , and so many different lifestyles . Ribbono Shel ` Olam , as long as they are filled with Torah and Yirat Shamayim , why should I object ? ... Do I have to feel that if they do n't think exactly the way I do I failed ? Chas V'Chalila ..
Israel is a country that was built by children who did n't listen to their parents .
Positions
Spiritual leader of Lower Merion Synagogue in Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania ( 1961–1962 )
Spiritual leader of Congregation Beth Ephraim and Maplewood Jewish Center in New Jersey ( 1962–1969 )
High School Rebbe at Yeshiva University High School for Boys ( 1962–1969 )
Staff Editor for Encyclopaedia Judaica ( 1969–1971 )
Jerusalem Torah College ( BMT ) ( 1969–1989 )
Machon Gold ( 1971–1989 )
Michlalah ( The Jerusalem College for Women ) ( 1971–1986 )
Midreshet Moriah ( 1987–2002 )
Gruss Kollel ( 1976 – Present )
Works
Bernard Revel : Builder of American Jewish Orthodoxy ( 1971 )
The Silver Era : Rabbi Eliezer Silver and His Generation ( 1982 )
Rakafot Aharon ( 1997 ) – 2 volumes , collected published writing , Published by Shvut Ami
Rakafot Aharon Vol 3 ( 2016 ) - In Response to Life : The Classic Agunah , Mamzerut , and Artificial Insemination . Published by Shvut Ami .
Rakafot Aharon Vol 4 ( 2019 ) - Hilkhot Kiddushin , The Russian Saga , Published Contemporary Torah History , Documents and Pictures . Published by Shvut Ami .
The Rav – The World of Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik ( 1999 ) – 2 volumes , KTAV Publishing House , Inc. ( vol 1 ) and ( vol 2 )
From Washington Avenue to Washington Street ( 2011 ) , Gefen Publishing House and OU Press .
Articles
Tradition : A Journal of Orthodox Jewish Thought : Rakeffet-Rothkoff entries
The Commentator : The Torah and Rabbinics of the Early YC Years
Jewish Action : Rabbi Meir Kahane : His Life and Thought
Lectures
Online archive of articles and talks at YUTorah.org
Hesped for Joe DiMaggio # 1
Hesped for Joe DiMaggio # 2
Notes
Yeshiva University faculty
Jewish historians
Israeli historians of religion
Living people
1937 births
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary semikhah recipients
Educators from New York City
American emigrants to Israel
Israeli soldiers
American Orthodox rabbis
Israeli Orthodox rabbis
21st-century American Jews
Arnold James Freeman ( 24 March 1886 – 8 March 1972 ) was a British writer , philosopher , anthroposophist , adult educator , actor , director , Fabian Socialist , Labour Party candidate and co-founder of the anthroposophical magazine , The Golden Blade . He was the founder and first Warden of the Sheffield Educational Settlement .
Early years
Freeman came from a middle-class , non-conformist background , the family involved in importing tobacco and manufacturing cigars . At various times they lived in different houses within the Hoxton area of London . He is the brother of Sir Ralph Freeman consulting engineer for the Sydney Harbour Bridge and of Labour M.P . Peter Freeman . He and his brothers all attended Haberdashers ' Aske 's School . On completing school in 1905 , Arnold went on to study at St John 's College , Oxford where , being a committed Socialist , he joined the Fabian Society . He was a vegetarian and engaged in social work from an early age , having been a member of the Highbury Quadrant Congregationalist church .
He and his sister Daisy spent a year at the Quaker Settlement in Woodbrooke , Birmingham and thereafter he began to do extramural work in tutorial classes for the Universities of Sheffield , London and Oxford . He also began lecturing at the same time he started to teach History and Economic History for the Workers ' Educational Association , gradually expanding this into a concern with human nature and human idealism as expressed through Literature , Art and Philosophy . Particularly his work in Sheffield brought him into the mining areas of South Yorkshire .
The Sheffield Settlement
In 1918 he became founding Warden of the Sheffield Educational Settlement in Shipton Street , Upperthorpe , Sheffield at first under the YMCA and later under a Council that included notable local figures . It was part of the university Settlement movement , which `` sought to bring education , improvement and hope to the lives of the poor and socially disadvantaged in the decades before the development of the Welfare State following the Second World War . The early decades of the Sheffield Settlement coincided with the serious hardship of the post-First World War era , typified by the Depression and mass unemployment . ''
Its stated mission was `` to establish in the City of Sheffield the Kingdom of God '' .
`` By the Kingdom of God we mean streets along which it is a pleasure to walk ; homes worthy of those who live in them ; workplaces in which people enjoy working ; public-houses that are centres of social and educational life ; kinemas that show elevating films ; schools that would win the approval of Plato ; churches made up of men and women indifferent to their own salvation ; an environment in which people `` may have life and have it abundantly '' . By `` Education '' we mean everything by means of which people may become more spiritual ; everything that enriches human beings , with That which described in three words is Beauty , Truth and Goodness , and described in one word as GOD . ''
Encounter with Anthroposophy
On a visit to Munich , Germany in 1911 , Freeman had had a brief meeting with Rudolf Steiner which , although leaving no strong impression on him , he describes this first meeting as follows which was written shortly after a short visit to Ernst Haeckel . Freeman , tells us travelled on the overnight train to Munich arriving there on Wednesday 12th July . His impression of Steiner goes as follows :
'It was not altogether a satisfactory interview , for I had nothing in particular to see him about and he was halfway through tea when I arrived . I told him I wanted to speak to him about my life and we agreed to meet at Karlsruhe in October . I gave him a part of Haeckel 's message and we agreed that Haeckel was hopelessly materialistic . We really talked about nothing worth relating ; we were discussing whether I could see him next day and why I must go etc . but I met him and that was all I wanted . He is a fine man . I liked his complete abandon . He did not look as though he had shaved for a week and his collar was unkempt and dirty . He wore a shabby frock-coat and in the total ensemble looked exactly like a low comedian . He might have passed for that in the street to those who do not read face , but his face is that of a great man . He has a wonderfully kind smile ; you can see that he is a great thinker and there is something deep and wonderful about him that I did not find in Haeckel… [ who ] represents the 19th Century ; he typifies the older science ; he is the last of the materialists . Steiner stands for the 20th century and the coming science . I suppose that Haeckel and Steiner are the two greatest thinkers in Germany today and I have interviewed them both within four and twenty hours !
In his booklet Thou Eye Among the Blind . In 1921 , however , he describes a second encounter :
“ Very shortly afterwards I came across an article of Dr. Steiner 's in the Hibbert Journal . It was a translation of an essay that originally appeared in the Soziale Zukunft in Switzerland . It bore the bleak title `` Spiritual Life : Civil Rights : Industrial Economy ” . This article made an immediate and profound impression upon me . I underwent something like an instantaneous conversion . Here was a thinker altogether greater than the Shaws and the Webbs and the Wellses . Here was somebody who saw all round the social problem . What Steiner had to say in this connection led me to consider what he had to say in other connections . It swiftly came about that for me there was now only one question in my life : “ How can I help that man ? ” For me and others like me this question knocks insistently at their hearts . ”
In 1922 he was co-organiser together with Professor Millicent Mackenzie of the large public conference `` Spiritual Values in Education and in Social Life '' , run predominantly at Manchester College whose principal , Dr L.P. Jacks was another sympathiser and where Rudolf Steiner was able to put forward his ideas to a group of British educators . This conference marked the beginning of the establishment of Steiner-Waldorf education in the UK .
These convictions caused some conflict amongst some members of the Settlement 's Council but it was Freeman 's main aim to achieve spiritual values through education . He had come to Sheffield as a university tutor , and members of the university 's staff played a major role in the work of the Settlement , though it had no formal association with the university . There were a lot of activities besides : courses of handicrafts , rambles , camping expeditions and involving the membership in the performance of plays . “ The Settlement 's Little Theatre put on a great variety of productions by the best serious dramatists , with some of whom Freeman corresponded . He never compromised over the quality of the work selected for presentation . Several notable local people , including industrialists , supported the work with donations , and a number of people later active in the public life of the city were associated with the Settlement . ”
In 1923 Freeman stood as a Labour Parliamentary candidate in the Hallam constituency .
When Freeman retired in 1955 at the age of 69 the Wardenship went to Christopher Boulton , an anthroposophist and lover of theatre . In 1961 the Shipton Street Settlement , along with its Little Theatre , vanished . In its place Christopher Boulton founded a Rudolf Steiner Settlement where the Merlin Theatre and the Arnold Freeman Hall still flourish . The Sheffield Repertory Company also started with the plays its members presented at the Little Theatre before they became independent in 1923 .
Arnold Freeman died in 1972
Books
As Arnold Freeman
Who was Rudolf Steiner ? : What is anthroposophy ? Arnold Freeman A. Freeman ( 1944 ) ASIN B0007K7TDY
RUDOLF STEINER 'S MESSAGE TO MANKIND Published by Sussex : New Knowledge Books , 1963
St. Paul : a play by Arnold Freeman and Rom Landau . Bodley Head , 1938
Meditation : Under the Guidance of Rudolf Steiner Sheffield educational settlement , 1957
Thou Eye Among the Blind Sheffield Educational Settlement ; 1st edition ( 1 January 1948 ) ASIN : B003UV5XJ4
What Rudolf Steiner Says Concerning Initiation And Meditation Kessinger Pub Co ( 30 September 2004 )
Seasonal Trades by Sidney Webb and Arnold Freeman BiblioBazaar ( 18 November 2009 )
As Arnold James Freeman
Boy Life & Labour : The Manufacture of Inefficiency University of California Libraries ( 1 January 1914 ) ASIN B0065SSH0Q
The spiritual foundations of reconstruction ; a plea for new educational methods by Arnold James Freeman and F H. Hayward . Ulan Press ( 31 August 2012 ) ASIN B00B77PUBO
An introduction to the study of social problems University of California Libraries ( 1 January 1918 ) ASIN B006YZTJYS
Education through settlements by Arnold James Freeman . University of California Libraries ( 1 January 1919 ) ASIN B006Z09G7M
Great Britain After The War ( 1916 ) by Sidney Webb and Arnold James Freeman . Kessinger Publishing , LLC ( 20 March 2009 )
Self-observation ; : An introduction to Rudolf Steiner 's `` Philosophy of spiritual activity . '' '' Anthroposophical Pub . Co ( 1956 ) ASIN : B0007K6CIM
References
British writers
Anthroposophists
1886 births
1972 deaths
British male actors
Members of the Fabian Society
British Christians
People from the London Borough of Hackney
Labour Party ( UK ) parliamentary candidates
20th-century British philosophers
The N. P. Osipov State Russian Folk Orchestra ( Государственный русский народный оркестр имени Н. П. Осипова ) is a Russian folk music orchestra . It was founded in 1919 by the balalaika player B. C. Troyanovski .
The orchestra was renamed after Nikolai Petrovich Osipov who led the orchestra from 1940 . He was succeeded by his brother Dmitri Osipov from his death in 1945 to his brother 's death in 1954 .
Succeeding Nikolai Kalinin in the 21st century as leaders of The Osipov State Russian Folk Orchestra have been Vladimir Ponkin ( 2005-2009 ) , and Vladimir Andropov ( 2009-present ) . Playing only upon traditional Russian instruments , the orchestra presents ethnic Russian music in a style more similar to classical music .
Past soloists include :
Nina Vysotina ( soprano ) ,
Anatoli Safiullin ( bass ) ,
Boris Nikolaev ( bass ) ,
Vyacheslav Kobzev ( bass )
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Russian traditional music groups
Russian orchestras
1919 establishments in Russia
Performing groups established in 1919
Musical groups established in 1919
Werner Primm ( 6 March 1904 – 1988 ) was a German sculptor . His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1904 births
1988 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Legnica
Hans Goksøyr ( 10 February 1923 – 24 August 2016 ) was a Norwegian businessperson in the petroleum industry .
He was born in Eidsvoll , and took his secondary education at Oslo Cathedral School in 1943 . He then enrolled in the Royal Norwegian Air Force in-exile in Canada , serving in World War II . After the war he returned to Norway , enrolling at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1946 . He graduated in 1951 , and then worked as a research assistant and fellow until 1954 . In 1955 he was hired in Shell Norway , advancing to director of planning , public relations and environment in his later career . He left Shell in 1984 , and was secretary-general in the Norwegian Petroleum Institute from 1985 to 1989 .
Goksøyr was also an amateur painter , and in 1954 he was represented with two works at the national Autumn Exhibit , Høstutstillingen . His other hobbies included golf and giving lectures . He settled in Nesøya in 1963 , was married and had two sons . He died in August 2016 at the age of 93 .
References
1923 births
2016 deaths
Norwegian businesspeople
Norwegian Institute of Technology alumni
People educated at Oslo Cathedral School
People from Asker
People from Eidsvoll
People in the petroleum industry
Royal Norwegian Air Force personnel of World War II
Atherosperma moschatum , the southern sassafras or blackheart sassafras , is an evergreen tree native to the cool temperate rainforests of Tasmania , Victoria , and New South Wales in Australia . It is common in the rainforests of Tasmania and Victoria , but more scattered and rare in the higher altitudes of eastern New South Wales . The northernmost area is at Mount Grundy , west of Port Macquarie .
Taxonomy
The southern sassafras was first described by French naturalist Jacques Labillardière in 1806 , and was the only member of the genus Atherosperma . A subspecies , A. m. subsp . integrifolium , has been considered a separate species . Its generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek ather `` awn '' , and sperma `` seed '' , from the hairs on the fruit , and the specific epithet moschatum is the Latin adjective meaning `` musk-scented '' , from the smell of the bark . It is a member of the small family Atherospermataceae along with several other Australian rainforest trees including yellow sassafras ( Doryphora sassafras ) .
. Its closest relative is the monotypic genus Nemuaron , endemic to New Caledonia .
Description
The southern sassafras is a small to medium-sized tree , growing around 6 to 25 m tall . However , in Tasmania , it can reach heights exceeding 40 m and a width of 1 m. It can be identified by the conical shape , the pale green leaves , and fragrant scent .
The bark is grey to light brown , with numerous lenticels , raised bumps and ridges . The leaves are 3 to 10 cm long and 8 to 25 mm wide , margins are coarsely toothed , but the northern population in Monga National Park , the Blue Mountains , Barrington Tops and at Mount Grundy has narrow , mostly entire leaves . Leaves , twigs , and flowers are fragrant , of a pleasant nutmeg scent .
Flowers form in winter , facing down to avoid rain and snow . White petalled , and yellow ( and sometimes maroon ) in the centre . The fruit capsules mature and open around January , releasing feathery wind blown seeds . Germination is unreliable . However , abundant new seedlings may unexpectedly form .
Distribution and habitat
Its distribution is from the Tia River west of Port Macquarie on the New South Wales midnorth coast through Victoria and Tasmania . It is found in the gullies and creek beds of high-altitude temperate rainforest , commonly associated with southern beeches of the genus Nothofagus , and mountain quandong ( Elaeocarpus holopetalus ) .
Ecology
The smooth-barked A. moschatum does not shed its bark annually , and is a rich host of lichen species ; a field study in Errinundra National Park found a total of 54 lichen species present , with 11 species found on trees of all sizes measured . The most commonly recorded was Pannaria microphyllizans . These pockets of rainforest are thought to be critical refuges for populations of lichen species among fire-prone eucalyptus woodland .
Cultivation and uses
The timber is in demand for panelling , turnery , musical instruments , and other specialty work , ( carvings , dishes , and boxes for tourists ) . The staining of the black heartwood is caused by fungus , and makes the timber markings particularly attractive .
The springy wood has been used for clothes pegs , and the scented bark is made into a beverage . It requires moisture and shade for cultivation , hence is not commonly seen cultivated .
It has been planted in the British Isles as far north as Northern Ireland and Scotland .
The leaves have a distinct scent and may be chewed to release a flavour and tingling sensation . However , the safety of the plants ' consumption is not known and it may be poisonous .
See also
Sassafras , Tasmania , a small town in North West Tasmania named after the local growth of southern sassafras .
References
Forest Trees of Australia , D.J . Boland et al . 1992
External links
Atherospermataceae
Monotypic Laurales genera
Laurales of Australia
Trees of Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Flora of New South Wales
Trees of mild maritime climate
Tasmanian forests
Anatilde Jane `` Tilde '' de Paula Eby ( née Anatilde Jane de Paula Díaz ; 14 November 1972 ) is a Chilean-born Swedish journalist , author , television presenter and host of many of TV4s flagship programs . She has hosted many popular television shows such as the Nobel Prize , Polar Music Prize and live televised cancer fundraising events , and from 1997 until 2018 was one of the hosts of the popular Swedish breakfast programme Nyhetsmorgon .
Early life
Anatilde Jane de Paula Díaz was born in 1972 in Chile . Her father was a Brazilian politician who had to flee Brazil after receiving death threats . In Cuba he met Tilde 's mother and the two moved to Chile . However , after the military coup in 1973 they had to flee the country again , and with the help of the diplomat Harald Edelstam and the Swedish embassy , the family moved to Sweden . De Paula has an older brother , Andes .
Before she became a television presenter , de Paula studied journalism at Södra Vätterbygdens folkhögskola .
Television
Since 2005 , de Paula has been the host of the Polar Music Prize . She presented the election special Nyhetsmorgon – valflyget in September 2006 along with Lasse Bengtsson . In 2008 de Paula presented `` Spårlöst '' where she helped people to find their lost relatives and families . In 2009 , she hosted Kändisdjungeln along with David Hellenius . In 2012 , de Paula started hosting Nyhetsmorgon , Sweden 's premier morning show on TV4 .
Since 2012 , she has also been presenting the shows Swedish Bake Off , Swedish Bake Off Junior and Celebrity Swedish Bake Off . Since 2014 , she has also presented the gala Tillsammans mot cancer . During Christmas Eve 2013 , de Paula was the Christmas host for TV4 's Christmas broadcasts . She also presented the celebrity dance show Let 's Dance 2017 .
She continued to present Let 's Dance 2018 and Let 's Dance 2019
Author
In 2006 , Tilde de Paula co-authored the book Plastmammor , gummipappor och bonusbarn with Birgitta Klang published by Bokförlaget DN . Plastmammor , gummipappor och bonusbarn is a book for stepmothers and fathers who need advice on how to tackle the situation they are facing .
In 2015 , de Paula wrote the Swedish best selling book Tiden läker inga sår , which tells the story of her past and how her ancestors have influenced her life . The story begins five generations back in Tenerife in 1867 , and continues to Cuba , the United States and Chile before ending up in Sweden today .
Other Media
In the late 90s and early 2000s , de Paula hosted the radio show Äntligen Fredag on the radio channel Mix Megapol .
In 2016 , de Paula started hosting `` Läkarpodden '' where she , together with Dr Mikael Sandström , discuss the latest advances in medicine and healthcare , share their own experiences , kill myths and answer questions about anything related to medicine .
Awards
In 2007 , she won Aftonbladet 's television award for Best Female Television Presenter of the Year .
She has also been announced as Sweden 's best female television presenter by the paper Se & Hör . In 2015 she won the Kristallen award for Reality Show of the Year with the show Swedish Bake Off .
In 2016 , de Paula won the Kristallen award for Best Swedish Female Host of the Year .
Celebrity interviews
De Paula has interviewed a number of the Swedish royal family : King Carl XVI Gustaf , Queen Silvia , Crown Princess Victoria , Prince Carl Philip , Princess Sofia , Princess Christina and Prins Bertil .
De Paula has also interviewed a number of international stars including : Emmylou Harris , Paul Simon , Patti Smith , Justin Bieber , Regina Spektor , Noomi Rapace , Eleanor Coppola , Anastacia , Ennio Morricone , Björk , Peter Gabriel , Ronan Keating , Stellan Skarsgård and Alexander Skarsgård .
Personal life
In November 2012 , de Paula married musician Thomas Eby , lead vocalist of Calle Real and percussionist of Hoffmaestro . Together the couple has one son and she also has three children from previous relationships .
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Swedish television hosts
Swedish women television presenters
Chilean television personalities
Chilean emigrants to Sweden
Swedish people of Brazilian descent
Swedish people of American descent
Louis-Henri de Brancas-Forcalquier , ( Pernes-les-Fontaines , 19 January 1672 – 9 August 1750 ) was a Marshal of France .
He was the second marquis of Céreste , but was better known as Le Marquis de Brancas . He was also ( nominal ) prince souverain of the island of Nisyros . This principality had been created for Bufille Brancaccio , count of Agnano , Sicily , by Pope Boniface IX .
He served Louis XV of France on land and sea and was made a Marshal of France in 1740 .
Louis-Henri de Brancas-Forcalquier was also French ambassador in Spain , Grandee of Spain and a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece .
He married on 24 January 1696 Elizabeth Charlotte de Brancas-Villars .
Sources
1672 births
1750 deaths
French marquesses
Grandees of Spain
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Marshals of France
The scarlet-backed woodpecker ( Veniliornis callonotus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Colombia , Ecuador and northern Peru where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland . It is listed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as being a species of `` least concern '' .
Description
The scarlet-backed woodpecker is a striking bird with scarlet upper parts and whitish underparts . It is between in length . The male has red , streaked with black , on crown and nape while the female has these parts black , sometimes with some white feather-tips on the nape . Both sexes have the ear coverts and the area surrounding the eye brown , and the cheek , neck and throat white . The mantle , back , wings and upper tail-coverts are scarlet and the tail is black , apart from the outer feathers which are barred with white or buff . The underparts are white or cream , finely barred or streaked with pale grey . The iris is chestnut , the beak yellowish with darker base and tip , and the legs are grey . Juveniles resemble females but are mottled greenish-grey above and buff below .
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-backed woodpecker is native to the western side of the Andes Mountains , its range extending from Colombia through Ecuador to northwestern Peru . It is mostly a bird of lowlands and foothills but is found at altitudes of up to in Peru and in Ecuador . It typically inhabits dry deciduous woodland , thickets and cactus scrub , as well as riverine woodland , forest fragments and open areas with isolated trees .
Ecology
This woodpecker is usually seen in pairs or small family groups , foraging in scrub and the twigs and outer branches at most levels in the canopy . Its diet is presumed to be small invertebrates and its breeding habits are poorly known .
Status
The scarlet-backed woodpecker is described as a common species and is expanding its range in Ecuador , perhaps because it thrives in the degraded forest and secondary growth that occurs after primary forest is felled . The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
scarlet-backed woodpecker
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
scarlet-backed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Okou Gnakouri Armand Olivier ( ; born 30 January 1980 ) , better known by his stage name Kaaris ( , ; stylized as KΛΛRIS ) , is a Ivorian-born French rapper , record producer , composer and actor . Or Noir , his major album on Therapy Music / AZ / Universal Music , was released on 21 October 2013 .
Early life
Born in Cocody , a suburb of Abidjan in the Ivory Coast , Kaaris was raised in Sevran in the Seine-Saint-Denis department , northeast of Paris .
Career
Kaaris started rapping in 1999 , and released his first mixtape in 2001 . He returned to his native Ivory Coast for a while , but returned to France after political unrest in the country . In 2007 , he released his street album 43ème Bima ( pronounced `` Quarante-troisième Bima '' ) , that led to signing with a new independent label French Cut Music .
However , his meeting with French rapper Booba and producers Therapy gave him his first recording with Booba , `` Criminelle league '' released as part of Booba 's Autopsie Vol . 4 . Kaaris had his first charting hit `` Kalash '' , credited to Booba featuring Kaaris appearing in Booba 's album Futur .
Kaaris co-writes most of his materials in cooperation with a record producer duo , known as Therapy ( made up of producers 2031 and 2093 ) .
Legal history
A fight between Booba and Kaaris led to the temporary closure of Hall 1 at Paris-Orly Airport on 1 August 2018 . Kaaris was given an 18-month suspended sentence and fined €50,000 .
Discography
Albums
Mixtapes and street albums
Singles
* Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts , but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts .
Featured in
Other charted songs
* Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts , but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts .
Filmography
Films
Braqueurs ( 2015 )
Overdrive ( 2017 )
The Bouncer ( 2018 )
Bronx ( 2020 )
Music videos
References
External links
Facebook
1980 births
Living people
French people of Ivorian descent
French rappers
Ivorian emigrants to France
Rappers from Seine-Saint-Denis
Alexander ( Alec ) Yule Fraser ( 1857–1890 ) was a Scottish mathematician , one of the founders of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society .
Life and work
Fraser studied at the University of Aberdeen where he graduated in 1881 . After that , he was appointed Mathematical Master at George Watson 's College ( Edinburgh ) . In 1889 he was appointed Headmaster at Allan Glen 's School ( Glasgow ) but he remained only two months because a severe pleurisy forced him to leave Scotland going to South Africa in search of a better climate . Back to Scotland , his health deteriorated rapidly and died in Glasgow thirty three years old .
Alec married the singer Marjory Kennedy-Fraser in 1887 and they had a couple , David ( 1888–1962 ) and Helen Patuffa ( 1889–1967 ) . David Kennedy Fraser became a psychologist , educator and amateur mathematician . Patuffa was a singer and musician , as her mother .
Fraser is mainly remembered for being one of the founding fathers of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society .
References
Bibliography
External links
19th-century Scottish mathematicians
1857 births
1890 deaths
The black-necked woodpecker ( Colaptes atricollis ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is endemic to Peru .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
black-necked woodpecker
Birds of Peru
Endemic birds of Peru
black-necked woodpecker
black-necked woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frederick Hooper may refer to :
Frederick Hooper ( adventurer ) , associate of Tryggve Gran
Frederic Hooper ( 1892–1963 ) of the Hooper baronets , head of Schweppes
Fred W. Hooper ( 1897–2000 ) , American racehorse owner and breeder
The olive woodpecker ( Dendropicos griseocephalus ) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae .
Taxonomy
The olive woodpecker was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon in 1780 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen obtained from the Cape of Good Hope area of South Africa . The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon 's text . Neither the plate caption nor Buffon 's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Picus griseocephalus in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées . The olive woodpecker is now placed in the genus Dendropicos that was introduced by the French ornithologist Alfred Malherbe in 1849 . The generic name is from the Ancient Greek dendron meaning tree and pikos for woodpecker . The specific epithet griseocephalus combines the Medieval Latin griseus meaning `` grey '' and the Ancient Greek -kephalos meaning `` -headed '' .
Three subspecies are recognised :
D. g. ruwenzori ( Sharpe , 1902 ) – Angola , north Zambia , north Malawi and central Tanzania to southeast DR Congo and southwest Uganda
D. g. kilimensis ( Neumann , 1926 ) – north and east Tanzania
D. g. griseocephalus ( Boddaert , 1783 ) – south Mozambique to South Africa
Distribution and habitat
The olive woodpecker is native to central , east and southern Africa , from the Ruwenzori Mountains to the Western Cape . It is found in Angola , Burundi , DRC , Eswatini , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Rwanda , South Africa , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe . The species occupies a range of wooded and forested habitats from .
References
External links
Olive woodpecker - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Xeno-canto : audio recordings of the olive woodpecker
olive woodpecker
Birds of Southern Africa
olive woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Robert Dillon , 3rd Baron Clonbrock ( 29 March 1807 – 4 December 1893 ) , was an Irish peer .
Dillon was the son of Luke Dillon , 2nd Baron Clonbrock , by the Honourable Anastasia , daughter of Joseph Blake , 1st Baron Wallscourt . He was educated at Eton and Christ Church , Oxford . In December 1826 , aged 19 , he succeeded his father in the barony . This was an Irish peerage and did not entitle him to an automatic seat in the House of Lords . However , in 1838 he was elected an Irish Representative Peer . In 1872 he was appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Galway , a post he held until 1892 .
Family
Lord Clonbrock married the Honourable Caroline Elizabeth , daughter of Francis Spencer , 1st Baron Churchill , in 1830 . They had four sons and eight daughters :
Hon Luke Amalric Dillon ( b . 5 July 1832 - dvp Feb 1833 )
Hon Luke Dillon , 4th Baron Clonbrock ( 10 March 1834 – 12 May 1917 )
Col Hon Robert Villiers Dillon ( b . 10 Dec 1838 - 19 April 1923 ) , mar . 3 June 1873 Harriet Caroline Elizabeth Gladstone ( d. 25 Feb 1932 ) , dau of A S Gladstone
Hon Francis William Dillon ( b . 20 Dec 1842 - dvp 9 April 1858 )
Hon Frances Letita Dillon ( d. 26 September 1911 )
Hon Caroline Anastasia Dillon ( d. 15 Apr 1907 ) , mar 30 Jan 1877 William Dealtry CMG , son of Ven ...
Hon Helen Isabella Dillon ( d. 8 Nov 1916 )
Hon Louisa Emilia Dillon ( d. 23 May 1927 )
Hon Georgiana Louisa Dillon ( dvp . 2 May 1892 )
Hon Alice Elizabeth Dillon ( dvp 18 Dec 1878 ) mar . 26 July 1866 married John Congreve in 1866 and settled at Mount Congreve estate .
Hon Katherine Charlotte Dillon ( d. 14 August 1927 )
Hon Elizabeth Octavia Dillon ( d. 12 January 1928 ) , mar 13 Jan 1875 Hugh Ellis-Nanney
Lady Clonbrock died at Clonbrock in December 1864 , aged 59 . Lord Clonbrock remained a widower until his death in December 1893 , aged 86 . He was succeeded in the barony by his second but eldest surviving son .
Cricket
Dillon was a member of Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) and appeared in five first-class cricket matches between 1832 and 1834 . He was recorded on scorecards as `` Lord Clonbrock '' , scored a cumulative 13 runs and had the highest score of 6 .
References
1807 births
1893 deaths
Barons in the Peerage of Ireland
Irish representative peers
People educated at Eton College
People from County Galway
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
Lord-Lieutenants of Galway
Irish cricketers
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
19th-century Irish people
English cricketers of 1826 to 1863
Non-international England cricketers
The Central Criminal Court of England and Wales , commonly referred to as the Old Bailey after the street on which it stands , is a criminal court building in central London , one of several that house the Crown Court of England and Wales . The street outside follows the route of the ancient wall around the City of London , which was part of the fortification 's bailey , hence the metonymic name .
The Old Bailey has been housed in a succession of court buildings on the street since the sixteenth century , when it was attached to the medieval Newgate gaol . The current main building block was completed in 1902 , designed by Edward William Mountford ; its architecture is recognised and protected as a Grade II * listed building . An extension South Block was constructed in 1972 , over the former site of Newgate gaol which was demolished in 1904 .
The Crown Court sitting in the Old Bailey hears major criminal cases from within Greater London . In exceptional cases , trials may be referred to the Old Bailey from other parts of England and Wales . As with most courts in England and Wales , trials at the Old Bailey are open to the public ; however , they are subject to stringent security procedures .
History
The court originated as the sessions house of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of the City of London and of Middlesex . In addition to sessions court , the Old Bailey also held trials , similar to the traveling Courts of Assize held in other parts of England and Wales . The original medieval court was first mentioned in 1585 ; it was next to the older Newgate Prison , and seems to have grown out of the endowment to improve the gaol and rooms for the sheriffs , made possible by a gift from Richard Whittington . It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt in 1674 , with the court open to the weather to prevent the spread of disease .
In 1734 , it was refronted , enclosing the court and reducing the influence of spectators : this led to outbreaks of typhus , notably in 1750 when 60 people died , including the Lord Mayor and two judges . It was rebuilt again in 1774 and a second courtroom was added in 1824 . Over 100,000 criminal trials were carried out at the Old Bailey between 1674 and 1834 .
In 1834 , it was renamed as the Central Criminal Court and its jurisdiction extended beyond that of London and Middlesex to the whole of the English jurisdiction for trials of major cases . Her Majesty 's Courts and Tribunals Service manages the courts and administers the trials but the building itself is owned by the City of London Corporation , which finances the building , the running of it , the staff and the maintenance out of their own resources .
The court was envisaged as that where only criminals accused of crimes committed in the City and Middlesex were tried . However , in 1856 , there was public revulsion at complaints sent to police against doctor William Palmer that he was a poisoner and murderer . This led to fears that he could not receive a fair trial in his native Staffordshire . The Central Criminal Court Act 1856 was passed to enable his trial , and others with a public profile , to be held at the Old Bailey .
The Old Bailey adjoined Newgate Prison until the jail 's 1902 closure . Hangings were a public spectacle in the street outside until May 1868 . The condemned would be led along Dead Man 's Walk between the buildings , and many were buried in the walk itself . Large , rowdy crowds sometimes gathered and pelted the condemned with rotten fruit and vegetables and stones . After 28 people were crushed to death when a pie-seller 's stall overturned , a secret tunnel was made between the prison and St Sepulchre 's church opposite the crossroads , to allow the chaplain to minister to the condemned without having to force his way through crowds .
The present building dates from 1902 and was officially opened by King Edward VII on 27 February 1907 . It was designed by E. W. Mountford and co-occupies the site of the demolished prison . Above the main entrance is inscribed the admonition : `` Defend the Children of the Poor & Punish the Wrongdoer '' .
On the dome above the court stands the court 's symbolic gilt bronze statue of Lady Justice by sculptor F. W. Pomeroy ( made 1905–1906 ) . She holds a sword in her right hand and the scales of justice in her left . The statue is popularly supposed to show blind Justice , but the figure is not blindfolded : the courthouse brochures explain that this is because Lady Justice was originally not blindfolded , and because her `` maidenly form '' is supposed to guarantee her impartiality which renders the blindfold redundant .
During the Blitz of World War II , the Old Bailey was bombed and severely damaged , but reconstruction work restored most of it in the early 1950s . In 1952 , the restored interior of the Grand or Great Hall of the Central Criminal Court was once again open . This hall ( underneath the dome ) is decorated with paintings commemorating the Blitz , as well as quasi-historical scenes of St Paul 's Cathedral with nobles outside . Running around the entire hall are a series of axioms , some of biblical reference . They read :
Between 1968 and 1972 , a new South Block , designed by the architects Donald McMorran and George Whitby , was built to accommodate more modern courts .
In 1973 , the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional IRA exploded a car bomb in the street outside , killing one and injuring 200 people . A shard of glass is preserved as a reminder , embedded in the wall at the top of the main stairs .
The hall ( and its floor ) was decorated with many busts and statues , chiefly of British monarchs , but also of legal figures , and those who achieved renown by campaigning for improvement in prison conditions from 1700 to 1900 . This part of the building also housed the stenographers ' offices until the stenographers were replaced by technology in March 2012 .
Management
Until 2017 , the court manager was known by the title of the Secondary of the City of London , an ancient title of a City officer .
Judges
All judges sitting in the Old Bailey are addressed as `` My Lord '' or `` My Lady '' whether they are High Court , circuit judges or recorders . The Lord Mayor and aldermen of the City of London are entitled to sit on the judges ' bench during a hearing but do not participate in hearings . Where a ceremonial tradition is followed , a judge , sitting sole , sits off-centre in case the Lord Mayor were to decide to come in , who would take the centre chair . The most senior permanent judge of the Central Criminal Court has the title of Recorder of London , and their deputy has the title of Common Serjeant of London . The position of `` Recorder of London '' is distinct from that of a recorder , which is a part-time judicial office , holders of which sit part-time as judges of the Crown or county courts . Many criminal law advocates with QC/KC status and leading profiles sit as recorders across the London region . The recent Recorders of London have been :
1975–1990 – Sir James Miskin
1990–1998 – Sir Lawrence Verney
1998–2004 – Michael Hyam
2004–2013 – Peter Beaumont
2013–2015 – Brian Barker
2015–2019 – Nicholas Hilliard
2020–present – Mark Lucraft
Civic role
The court house originated as part of the City of London 's borough judicial system , and it remains so . The Recorder and the Common Serjeant are City officers , and the Recorder is a member of the Common Council because he is also a member of the Court of Aldermen . The City 's sheriffs and the Lord Mayor are justices there , but their jurisdiction is now nominal . The sheriffs are resident with the senior judges in the complex . In Court 1 are benches set aside for the committee of Bridge House Estates , the owner of the building .
In popular culture
The Old Bailey has been mentioned and featured in numerous fictional works including film , video games and literature . Notable examples include V for Vendetta and its film adaptation , in which the title character demolishes it to gain the public 's attention , and Justice League and its director 's cut , in which Wonder Woman foils a terrorist bomb plot . In Agatha Christie 's play , Witness for the Prosecution , the murder trial of Leonard Vole is held at the Old Bailey . It is also a central location in The Great Ace Attorney : Adventures and its sequel The Great Ace Attorney 2 : Resolve , where many of the trials in the games ' plot take place . Rumpole of the Bailey is a British television series created and written by the British writer and barrister John Mortimer . Horace Rumpole , is an elderly London barrister who defends a broad variety of clients , often underdogs .
Gallery
See also
Bow Street Magistrates ' Court
Courts of England and Wales
Horseferry Road Magistrates ' Court
Royal Courts of Justice
References
External links
Court information
HM Courts Service – current cases listed at this court
The Proceedings of the Old Bailey London 1674 to 1913 – Archive of case details
Central Criminal Court from the City of London website
Old Bailey photographs at 100 years old ( from BBC )
From Rumpole to the Ripper , Crippen to the Krays : The Old Bailey turns 100 , Duncan Campbell , The Guardian , 27 February 2007
View from Google Maps
Copy of Sunday Times article including rare picture of Grand Hall
Voices from the Old Bailey – BBC Radio 4 dramatisations of 18th century cases
Old Bailey , The
Crown Courts
Edwardian architecture in London
Grade II * listed buildings in the City of London
Grade II * listed government buildings
Government buildings with domes
Old Bailey , The
1907 establishments in England
Newswest is a community publication serving a number of communities within Canada 's National Capital Region . Newswest is a wholly Canadian publication and not related to the 1980s U.S. newspaper NewsWest , previously owned by Tab Communications .
Newswest was founded in October 1978 with help from the Canada Works federal program of the time . Early on , it moved its headquarters into the old Westboro Community Centre on Dovercourt Avenue for 5 years prior to that property 's conversion to a recreation centre . When the neighbouring Hintonburg News ceased operation , Newswest expanded its coverage into the now defunct Elmdale Ward in 1998 .
Newswest is one of the longest surviving community newspapers in Ottawa . It operates as a non-profit corporation and is published 12 times a year inside Kitchissippi Times with a circulation of well over 16,000 copies . The inclusion of Newswest in Kitchissippi Times began in 2003 after an agreement on advertising revenue was reached between the 2 papers . Since that time Kitchissippi Times handles all advertising allowing Newswest to focus on its non-profit community content . Kitchissippi Times is published 24 times per year so the editors of the 2 papers share responsibility on things like the Community Calendar section .
Newswest covers the area bordered ( east to west ) by the O-Train Trillium Line and Woodroofe Avenue , and between the Ottawa River and Carling Avenue . This area includes the neighbourhoods of Mechanicsville , Hintonburg , Champlain Park , West Wellington , Hampton Park , Westboro Beach , Westboro , Highland Park , McKellar Park , Carlingwood and the Civic Hospital .
Most of the articles to Newswest are provided by local volunteer writers and photographers . Additionally , columns from the local representatives for 3 levels of government and the public school board appear regularly .
The current editor of Newswest is Tim Thibeault .
References
External links
Newswest
Kitchissippi Times
Newspapers published in Ottawa
Newspapers established in 1978
1978 establishments in Ontario
`` Ugly '' is a song recorded by American singer Fantasia for her fifth studio album , The Definition Of ... ( 2016 ) . It was released by 19 Recordings and RCA Records on April 7 , 2016 , as a promotional single from the album . Produced by Ron Fair , the song was written by Audra Mae and Nicolle Galyon . A departure from the hip-hop and R & B sound of Fantasia 's previous studio albums , the track is a country and pop ballad revolving around body image and female empowerment . Media outlets had varying opinions of the song 's genre and its content ; Fantasia said that it was inspired by her childhood .
`` Ugly '' received a mixed response from critics , who were divided over Fantasia 's foray into country music . Fantasia performed part of it during the American Idol series finale , which earned positive reviews from media outlets . She also dedicated the song to her daughter Zion during a July 28 , 2016 , concert broadcast on BET .
Background and recording
While recording her fifth studio album The Definition Of ... ( 2016 ) , Fantasia sought to have more creative control over her music and image . Frustrated with the amount of record label interference in the past , she described executives ' plans to determine her sound and style as `` prostituting the artist 's gift , '' and wanted to avoid such influences on the album . She attributed her determination to reclaim her career to adjustments she made to her personal life following her 2014 performances in the Broadway musical After Midnight , specifically her choice to spend seven months focusing on her personal well-being and her subsequent marriage to businessman Kendall Taylor .
In an interview with AOL , Fantasia said that she wanted to record a country song to experiment with different musical genres . During its production , The Definition Of ... was initially titled Pot of Soup to reflect this choice to explore various styles of music . She included country music as part of `` rock soul '' a genre she introduced on her previous release Side Effects of You ( 2013 ) . She defined rock soul as combining the musical styles of Tina Turner , James Brown , and Prince as well as including elements of `` jazz , country , gospel , pop and , most important to her , live instrumentation '' .
`` Ugly ' was written by Audra Mae and Nicolle Galyon and produced by Ron Fair . Fantasia 's vocals were produced and arranged by Fair . They were also engineered by Fair and Pat Thrall at Faircraft Studios in Brentwood , California . The instrumental parts were also recorded and arranged by Fair . Paul Jackson Jr. played the guitar on the track , while the strings were recorded by Steve Genewick .
Composition and lyrics
Backed by a `` soulful piano arrangement '' , `` Ugly '' is a departure from Fantasia 's previous output of `` bouncy hip-hop singles '' and `` groovy R & B slow burns '' . The Boomboxs Amber McKynzie referred to the single as a `` country-esque pop ballad '' , while The Guardian '' 's Alex Macpherson called it an `` outright country moment '' . Chris Campbell of the Knoxville News Sentinel said the track was a `` piano-based melodrama '' ; Entertainment Weekly 's Chuck Arnold compared the composition to a show tune .
The single 's lyrics cover a variety of issues , ranging from `` body image , class division , an unhappy marriage and alcoholism '' . `` Ugly '' opens with Fantasia narrating a tragic story about a woman with a `` picket fence , two-car garage and a man that she do n't love '' . She advocates for female empowerment and explores expectations regarding beauty with lyrics like : `` With dirt on my hands and scrapes on my knees/Feeling like nothing can wash it off clean/Tell your girls it 's a beautiful thing/Just trust me/It 's far from ugly . '' The lyrics also feature the importance of love , with Fantasia singing : `` Thank you for that good good man who loves me . '' Alex Mcpherson interpreted Fantasia 's delivery of the lyric `` Give me good food that sticks to my bones '' as incorporating gospel elements into the song .
Music critics interpreted the lyrics as encompassing various meanings . Mike Wass wrote that Fantasia provides advice on life through `` Ugly '' . Sarah Grant of Rolling Stone found the single to be a reflection of past struggles - her attempted suicide , an affair with a married man , an abortion , and a battle with depression . Amber McKynzie compared its lyrical content to TLC 's 1999 single `` Unpretty '' , and Lauren Craddock of Billboard interpreted the main theme as `` embracing the beauty in individuality '' . When discussing the message behind `` Ugly '' , Fantasia said that she wanted to help someone , and said : `` My grandmother taught me that your test will help someone along the way . '' During an interview with People , she explained that she intended for the track to reach `` every young girl out there who 's gon na go through everything I went through , and more '' as well as older women . Connecting the lyrics with her own childhood , Fantasia said : `` I was very insecure growing up , and even though I 'm not that girl anymore , I think that the passion , that not feeling pretty and being insecure is where my soul came from . And from early childhood , I let it free onstage . ''
Release and promotion
`` Ugly '' was first released when Fantasia uploaded an audio-video to her official Vevo account on April 6 , 2017 . The following day , she debuted the track live during the American Idol series finale , singing a portion of the single , which Billboard 's Michele Amabile Angermiller called a `` sneak peek '' . The song was made available through digital platforms on midnight of the same day . Alt URL Along with `` So Blue '' ( 2016 ) , it was one of two promotional singles made available prior to the album 's release .
Fantasia 's performance on American Idol earned positive feedback from media outlets . Entertainment Weekly 's Justin Kirkland wrote that Fantasia did an `` unbelievable performance '' of the track . Michael Slezak of TVLine praised her choice to sing a country song as showcasing her ability to be `` absolutely transcendent in the genre '' . Fantasia also sang `` Ugly '' during a July 28 , 2016 , concert broadcast on BET , ( the first in a series of live concerts on the cable channel ) . During her performance , she dedicated the song to her daughter Zion .
Critical reception
Critical response was mixed . Alex Mcpherson cited `` Ugly '' as an example of 2016 's R & B/country trend , and praised it for `` captur [ ing ] the emotional blood and guts at the core of both genres '' . Sarah Grant described the single as `` one of the more evocative songs on the album '' , and Michael Slezak commended its hook as the catchiest in Fantasia 's music catalog . Between the Lines ' Chris Azzopardi wrote that the song was a `` welcome country detour '' , though AllMusic 's Andy Kellman panned it as a `` contemporary country number seemingly written by an algorithm '' . Wass panned the lyrics as `` veer [ ing ] dangerously close to schmaltz '' , though he felt the hook had potential for strong crossover appeal . He viewed it as an improvement over Fantasia 's previous single `` No Time for It '' ( 2016 ) .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Definition Of ... `` , 19 Recordings , RCA .
Management
Rock Soul Records/19 Recordings
Limited/RCA Records
Recording locations
Music recording – Faircraft Studios ( Brentwood )
Personnel
Arranged By , Arranged By [ Strings ] , Arranged By [ Vocals ] , Bass , Harmonica , Conductor , Conductor [ Strings ] , Percussion , Piano , Producer – Ron Fair
Backing Vocals , Vocals – Fantasia
Engineer [ Recording ] – Pat Thrall , Ron Fair
Guitar – Paul Jackson , Jr .
Recorded By [ Strings ] – Steve Genewick
Written By – Audra Mae , Nicolle Galyon
Release history
References
External links
2010s ballads
2016 songs
Country ballads
Fantasia Barrino songs
Pop ballads
RCA Records singles
Songs with feminist themes
Songs about heartache
American country music songs
The Museum of Contemporary Art Shanghai ( MoCA Shanghai ; ) is a contemporary art museum in the city of Shanghai , China . It is located within People 's Park , north of People 's Square , the location of a former racecourse that now holds the central administrative building and museums of Shanghai . Surrounding buildings include the Municipal Government Headquarters , the Shanghai Grand Theatre , the Shanghai Art Museum and the Shanghai Museum .
History
MOCA Shanghai was founded in 2005 by the Samuel Kung Foundation as the first non-profit , independent , contemporary art institution in Shanghai . The glass building that houses the exhibitions is a reworking of the former People 's Park Greenhouse by Atelier Liu Yuyang Architects . The ground floor and first level of the museum have a total of 1,800 square meters ( 19,400 square feet ) of exhibition space , with the two levels connected by a sweeping steel ramp .
Exhibitions
The museum has focused on the promotion of Chinese and international contemporary art with a set of diverse exhibitions that include both well-known and fledgling contemporary Chinese artists , as well as retrospectives for leading names of the fashion and creative world ( recently including Salvatore Ferragamo , Chanel , and Pixar ) . The Summer 2012 exhibition was one such retrospective for Van Cleef & Arpels , entitled Timeless Beauty . In the past , MoCA has partnered with international organizations to host significant exhibitions . In 2007 , MoCA partnered with the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum to present the contemporary works from the major survey exhibition , Art in America . More recently , MoCA collaborated with the Korea Foundation to present Nostalgia : East Asia Contemporary Art Exhibition , which included works from China , Taiwan , Japan , and Korea . Other international exhibitions include contemporary art from Indonesia , Hungary ( in conjunction with the Shanghai Expo ) , Italy , and India , and an exhibition on Finnish Design in collaboration with Marimekko . Furthermore , MoCA holds a biennale , MoCA Envisage , which focuses on Chinese contemporary art and considers its recent direction and themes .
In addition to exhibitions , MoCA runs seminars , talks , and educational programs throughout the year , for both adults and children .
MoCA on the Park
The third floor of MoCA Shanghai is host to `` MoCA on the Park '' ( formerly `` Art Lab '' ) , a full restaurant equipped with rooftop patio and bar . Various artworks populate the space , including those by Raymond Choy , Qu Guangci , Silvia Prada , Zhang Lian xi , Freeman Lau , Raman Hui , Yan Lei , and Xiang Jing . The restaurant also hosts a number of private events and opening ceremonies .
See also
M50 Art District
List of museums in China
List of contemporary art museums
Notes
References
LIAN Zhan visited MOCA for PIXAR 25YEARS OF ANIMATION
KUSAMA YAYOI A dream I dreamed ELLECHINA
KUSAMA YAYOI ASIAN TOUR EXHIBITION
ANIMAMIX BIENNALE
Aura of poetry 2014.07.12
Aura of poetry curator interview art.ifeng 2014.07.15
Further reading
External links
MoCA Shanghai official website
2005 establishments in China
Art museums established in 2005
Museums in Shanghai
Contemporary art galleries in China
Clenchiellidae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Truncatelloidea .
Genera
Clenchiella Abbott , 1948
Coleglabra Ponder , H. Fukuda & Hallan , 2014
Colenuda Ponder , H. Fukuda & Hallan , 2014
Coliracemata Ponder , H. Fukuda & Hallan , 2014
References
Criscione F. & Ponder W.F . ( 2013 ) A phylogenetic analysis of rissooidean and cingulopsoidean families ( Gastropoda : Caenogastropoda ) . Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 66 : 1075–1082
External links
The Taxonomicon
Ponder , W. F. ; Fukuda , H. ; Hallan , A . ( 2014 ) . A review of the family Clenchiellidae ( Mollusca : Caenogastropoda : Truncatelloidea ) . Zootaxa . 3872 ( 2 ) : 101
Eduardo Egüez ( born in Buenos Aires , Argentina in 1959 ) is a lutenist , theorbist , and guitarist acclaimed for his interpretations of music by J.S.Bach .
Egüez began by first studying guitar with Miguel Angel Girollet and Eduardo Fernández . He then studied composition at the Catholic Argentine University . In 1995 he obtained his diploma in lute performance from the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis under the tutelage of Hopkinson Smith . Eduardo Egüez teaches lute and basso continuo at the Zürich Conservatory ( Switzerland ) .
Performances
Eduardo Egüez has given many solo recitals in South America , Europe , Australia , and Japan . He received awards from Promociones Musicales in Buenos Aires , 1984 ; Círculo Guitarrístico Argentino in Buenos Aires , 1984 ; Concours International de Guitare in Paris ( Radio France ) , 1986 ; V Concurso Internacional de Guitarra ( Jacinto and Inocencio Guerrero Foundation ) in Madrid , 1989 .
He has also performed as a basso continuo player , as a member of such ensembles as Elyma , Hesperion XXI , Ensemble Baroque de Limoges , La Grande Écurie et la Chambre du Roy , Aurora , Concerto Italiano , Labyrinto , The Rare Fruits Council , Café Zimmermann , Les Sacqueboutiers , Ricercar Consort , „ Stylus Phantasticus “ and his own ensemble La Chimera . He has also accompanied artists such as Furio Zanasi , Emma Kirkby , María Cristina Kiehr , Rolf Lislevand , Victor Torres inter alia .
Recordings
Eduardo Egüez has recorded for many labels : Astrée Auvidis , Astrée Naïve , Arcana , Glossa Music , K617 , Opus 111 , Alia Vox , E Lucevan le Stelle , Stradivarius , Symphonia , Alpha Records , Ambroisie , Naxos Records , Flora , Mirare , Accent Records , Harmonia Mundi France . As a soloist he has recorded “ Tombeau ” with works by Silvius Leopold Weiss ( E Lucevan le Stelle ) , the complete lute works by J. S. Bach ( M.A . recordings ) and “ Le Maître du Roi ” with works by Robert de Visée ( also M.A . recordings ) .
With his own Ensemble La Chimera , he has recorded for the label M.A . recordings “ Buenos Aires Madrigal ” ( fusion of early Italian madrigals and Argentine tango ) and “ Tonos y Tonadas ” ( fusion of early Spanish “ tonos humanos ” and folk music from Latin America ) .
Selected discography
Amarante Céline Scheen , soprano ; Philippe Pierlot , viola da gamba ; Eduardo Egüez , lute . Flora 2010
Odisea Negra - music of slaves in the 17th Century . Ablaye Cissoko ( griot , Senegal ) , Ivan García ( tenor , Venezuela ) . Compositions by Martínez Compañón , Gaspar Fernandes ( 1565-1629 ) , Miguel Matamoros , Carmito Gamboa , Gilberto Valdés . Readings of poems by Nicolás Guillén ( Cuba ) and Manuel del Cabral ( Dominican Republic ) . Naïve Records November 2011
References
Lutenists
Argentine performers of early music
Living people
1959 births
Theorbists
Musicians from Buenos Aires
Manorama is a 2009 Telugu-language film , directed by Eshwar Reddy , with music by Koti , starring Charmy Kaur and Nishan in lead roles . Comic actor Ali also made some funny scenes in the movie .
Plot
The story begins with Gitanjali , a k a Gilli ( Charmy Kaur ) , who comes to Hyderabad to spend a few days with her friends ( Lahari and Sridhar ) . She lives near Manorama café and there comes a stranger ( Nishan ) with a bag . His motive is to detonate a bomb in the café , meanwhile Gilli is bored and wants to kill time . With her lip reading skills , she figures out from a distance that a boy is threatening to commit suicide on phone to his girlfriend . Gilli becomes the angel , also notices the number with her abilities and calls up that girl . She comes to Manorama to inform the lover boy , but instead the bomber sees her and falls for her . A few twists of events happen and the bomb also fails to explode on time . Meanwhile , both the stranger and Gilli get to know each other and in no time , they fall in love with each other though they do n't admit it . What happens from there forms the rest of the story .
Cast
Charmy Kaur as Geetanajali `` Gilli ''
Nishan as the stranger , killer
Lahari
Sridhar
Dheer Charan Srivastav
Ali
Soundtrack
`` Life Ante Enjoy '' ( 04:41 ) , Artist ( s ) : Madhumita , Lyricist : Venigalla Rambabu
`` Hyderabad Antene '' ( 04:06 ) , Artist ( s ) : Srikanth , Murali , Baby Sahithi , Masterji , Venkat , Siva , Venugopal , Lyricist : Masterji
`` Idivarakeragani E Kadha '' ( 07:43 ) , Artist ( s ) : Koti , Geetha Madhuri , Lyricist : Venigalla Rambabu
`` Swarganiki Short Route '' ( 04:33 ) , Artist ( s ) : Sri Krishna , Raghuram , Hanuman Murali , Srikanth , Sudha Krishna , Lyricist : Venigalla Rambabu
`` Idivarakeragani E Kadha '' ( Pathos ) ( 01:15 ) , Artist ( s ) : Usha , Lyricist : Venigalla Rambabu
References
2000s Telugu-language films
2009 films
Films set in Hyderabad , India
Vytautas Apanavičius ( born 12 March 1973 ) is a retired Lithuanian football midfielder , who last played for Atlantas Klaipeda during his professional career . He played nineteen games for the Lithuania national football team , scoring no goals . Apanavičius also played in Latvia and Russia .
Honours
National Team
Baltic Cup
1992
References
1973 births
Living people
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Association football midfielders
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FK Ekranas players
FBK Kaunas footballers
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
Russian Premier League players
Daugava Rīga players
FK Atlantas players
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Once Upon a Classic was an American television program hosted by Bill Bixby . The program aired on PBS from 1976 to 1980 as a production of WQED in Pittsburgh .
The episodes consisted of adaptations of such classic literature as A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court ( which won a Peabody Award ) , Leatherstocking Tales , and The Prince and the Pauper ; some of these adaptations were produced by other broadcasters such as the BBC and ITV in the United Kingdom . There were also some original teleplays .
References
External links
PBS original programming
Television shows based on novels
1970s American children 's television series
1980s American children 's television series
1976 American television series debuts
1980 American television series endings
1970s American anthology television series
1980s American anthology television series
The James Madison–William & Mary football rivalry between the James Madison Dukes and the William & Mary Tribe is a match-up between two public universities , James Madison University and the College of William and Mary , in the state of Virginia as well as members of the Colonial Athletic Association . The football series began in 1978 and has been played a total of 44 times as of 2021 .
History
Previously , the game has been a divisional game in the CAA South , and conference game in the Yankee Conference and Atlantic 10 beginning with the Dukes entry in 1993 . During this period , the teams have combined for two national championships ( JMU in 2004 and 2016 ) and eleven conference championships ( JMU in 1999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 ; W & M in 1996 , 2001 , 2004 , 2010 , 2015 ) . All of James Madison 's home games have been hosted at Bridgeforth Stadium in Harrisonburg , Virginia while William & Mary has hosted its contests at Zable Stadium in Williamsburg , Virginia ; as of 2019 , no games have been played on a neutral field .
The most recent game was played on November 13 , 2021 with James Madison defeating William & Mary , 32–22 .
The rivalry will likely go on hiatus after James Madison announced it would elevate its program to Division I FBS for the 2022 season , joining the Sun Belt Conference .
Game results
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
James Madison Dukes football
William & Mary Tribe football
1978 establishments in Virginia
Louis Giry ( 8 February 1596 – 28 July 1665 ) was a French lawyer , translator and writer .
Biography
Born in Paris in 1595 , Louis Giry was a French lawyer and was one of the first members of the Académie française . He served as the general counsel for the depreciation chamber and the freeholds in the Paris Parliament . He also became part of the Privy Council of Mazarin .
Giry died in 1665 at age 70 . He was the father of Francois Giry , noted for his commentary of the Rule of Saint Francois de Paule .
Works
Giry 's published works include Les verifons fuivantes , la Pierre de touche which was a translation of Trajano Boccalini 's original . He translated Tertullian 's Apology and several other works such as Plato 's Crito and Apology and Saint Augustine 's La Cite de Dieu .
References
Writers from Paris
1596 births
1665 deaths
17th-century French lawyers
French classical scholars
Latin–French translators
Greek–French translators
Members of the Académie Française
17th-century French translators
Laurent Estadieu ( born 4 August 1975 ) is a French former road cyclist , who competed professionally from 2000 to 2002 with .
Major results
1999
1st Tour du Finistère
1st Stage 4
2001
1st Overall Tour de la Somme
8th Tour du Doubs
2002
9th GP de Villers-Cotterêts
10th Boucles de l'Aulne
2003
1st Stage 3
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
French male cyclists
People from Saint-Gaudens , Haute-Garonne
Cyclists from Occitania ( administrative region )
Sportspeople from Haute-Garonne
Zukiswa Wanner ( born 1976 ) is a South African journalist , novelist and editor born in Zambia and now based in Kenya . Since 2006 , when she published her first book , her novels have been shortlisted for awards including the South African Literary Awards ( SALA ) and the Commonwealth Writers ' Prize . In 2015 , she won the K Sello Duiker Memorial Literary Award for London Cape Town Joburg ( 2014 ) . In 2014 Wanner was named on the Africa39 list of 39 Sub-Saharan African writers aged under 40 with potential and talent to define trends in African literature . In 2020 she was awarded the Goethe Medal alongside Ian McEwan and Elvira Espejo Ayca , making Wanner the first African woman to win the award .
Life and career
Zukiswa Wanner was born in 1976 in Lusaka , Zambia , to a South African father and a Zimbabwean mother . After receiving primary and secondary education in Zimbabwe , she studied for a degree in journalism at Hawaii Pacific University in Honolulu .
Her debut novel , The Madams , was published in 2006 and has been called `` a racy and hilarious take on the black economic empowerment crowd in Johannesburg '' . It was shortlisted for the K Sello Duiker Award of the South African Literary Awards ( SALA ) in 2007 . She went on to write three other novels : Behind Every Successful Man ( 2008 ) , Men of the South ( 2010 ) , which was shortlisted for the 2011 Commonwealth Writers ' Prize ( Africa region ) , as well as the Herman Charles Bosman Award , and 2014 's London Cape Town Joburg , which won the K Sello Duiker Memorial Literary Award in 2015 .
In 2010 , she co-authored two works of non-fiction : with South African photographer Alf Kumalo A Prisoner 's Home , a biography on the first Mandela house 8115 Vilakazi Street , and L'Esprit du Sport with French photographer Amelie Debray . Wanner is co-editor of the African-Asian short-story anthology Behind the Shadows ( 2012 ) with Rohini Chowdhury . In addition Wanner has written two children 's books , Jama Loves Bananas and Refilwe – an African retelling of the fairy tale `` Rapunzel '' . In 2018 , her third nonfiction work Hardly Working , a travel memoir , was published by Black Letter Media .
She was one of 66 writers to write a contemporary response to the Bible , the works being staged at the Bush Theatre and at Westminster Abbey in October 2011 .
She is a founding member of the ReadSA initiative , a campaign encouraging South Africans to read South African works . She also sat on the pan-African literary initiative , Writivism 's Board of Trustees until September 2016 . She is a regular participant at international literary events and has conducted workshops for young writers in Zimbabwe , South Africa , Denmark , Germany and Western Kenya .
In 2015 Wanner was also one of three judges of the Etisalat Prize for Literature , a Pan-African literary prize for book-length fiction , and she was the African juror for the Commonwealth Short Story Prize 2017 . She has also been the founder and curator of Artistic Encounters in Nairobi , Kenya . In 2020 , in response to the COVID-19 lockdown she founded and curated the Afrolit Sans Frontieres Festival , which first took place on 23 March via Facebook and Instagram , with further editions being held subsequently . The festival has featured prominent African writers including Maaza Mengiste , Fred Khumalo , Chris Abani , Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor , Shadreck Chikoti , Abubakar Adam Ibrahim , Mũkoma wa Ngũgĩ , Jennifer Nansubuga Makumbi , Mona Eltahawy , Nii Ayikwei Parkes , Sulaiman Addonia , Chike Frankie Edozien , and Lola Shoneyin , among others .
In 2018 , Wanner set up her publishing company , Paivapo , in partnership with her friend and businessperson Nomavuso Vokwana , with a focus on marketing African literature in the Anglophone , Francophone and Lusophone African regions .
A prolific journalist , essayist and short-story writer , she has been a contributor to a wide range of newspapers and magazines , including The Observer/The Guardian , Sunday Independent , City Press , Mail & Guardian , La Republica , Open Society , The Sunday Times , African Review , New Statesman , True Love , Marie Claire , Real , Juice , OpenSpace , Wordsetc , Baobab , Shape , Oprah , Elle , Juice , Guernica , Afropolitan and Forbes Africa . Her short story `` This is not Au Revoir '' is included in the 2019 anthology New Daughters of Africa , edited by Margaret Busby .
Wanner currently lives in Nairobi , Kenya , having visited for the first time in 2008 and moved there three years later .
Awards and honours
In April 2014 , Wanner was named on the Hay Festival 's Africa39 list of 39 Sub-Saharan African writers aged under 40 with potential and talent to define trends in African literature .
In 2015 , she won the K Sello Duiker Memorial Literary Award for her novel London Cape Town Joburg ( 2014 ) .
In 2020 , Wanner was awarded the Goethe Medal , a yearly prize given by the Goethe-Institut honouring non-Germans `` who have performed outstanding service for the German language and for international cultural relations '' .
Bibliography
Novels
The Madams , Oshun Books , 2006 .
Behind Every Successful Man , Kwela Books , 2008 .
Men of the South , Kwela Books , 2010 .
London Cape Town Joburg , Kwela Books , 2014
Non-fiction
8115 : A Prisoner 's Home with Alf Kumalo , Penguin , 2010
Maid in SA : 30 Ways to Leave Your Madam , Jacana , 2010 .
Hardly Working : A Travel Memoir of Sorts , Black Letter Media , 2018 .
Children 's books
Jama Loves Bananas , Jacana , 2013
Refilwe ( an African retelling of `` Rapunzel '' ) , Jacana , 2014
As editor
With Rohini Chowdhury , Behind The Shadows . Contemporary Stories from Africa and Asia ( 2012 )
Awards
Twenty in 20 best stories in South African literature .
South African Literary Awards ( SALA ) — K Sello Duiker Prize 2015 for London Cape Town Joburg
References
External links
Ambrose Musiyiwa , Zukiswa Wanner : Interview 1 , Conversations with Writers , November 2008 .
Janet van Eeden , Zukiswa Wanner , author of Men of the South , LitNet , 17 August 2010 .
`` Reading 2010 : Zukiswa Wanner ( South Africa ) '' , Wealth of Ideas , 1 February 2011 .
`` In a Conversation with South African Writer , Zukiswa Wanner '' , Geosi Reads , 17 February 2011 .
Ambrose Musiyiwa , Zukiswa Wanner : Interview 2 , Conversations with Writers , 19 February 2011 .
Kiprop Kimutai , `` The Jalada Conversations No 4 : Zukiswa Wanner '' , 30 November 2015 . Jalada , a pan-African writers ' collective .
Exclusive to The JRB : ' I 'm going to market the hell out of our stories ' —Zukiswa Wanner reveals the details of her new Africa-focused publishing company , Paivapo . 19 April 2017 .
`` 'Page 19 ' : A border tale of visas and Eastern Europe '' by Zukiswa Wanner . Johannesburg Review of Books , 2 October 2017 .
Artistic Encounters featuring Niq Mhlongo & Nick Ndeda .
South African women novelists
South African journalists
South African women journalists
1976 births
Living people
21st-century South African novelists
21st-century South African women writers
21st-century essayists
South African children 's writers
South African women children 's writers
Hawaii Pacific University alumni
South African women short story writers
Alfonso Cristián Parot Rojas ( born 15 October 1989 ) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Primera División club Universidad Católica as left back .
Parot was used by Marcelo Bielsa as `` sparring '' for Chile national team .
International career
He represented Chile U23 at the 2008 Inter Continental Cup in Malaysia and Chile U20 at the 2009 South American U-20 Championship .
At senior level , he has been capped five times .
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Chile 's goal tally first .
Honours
Club
Universidad Católica
Chilean Primera División : Apertura 2016-17 , 2019 , 2020 , 2021
Copa Chile : 2011
Supercopa de Chile : 2016 , 2020 , 2021
Rosario Central
Copa Argentina : 2017–18
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Talca
Chilean footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Chilean people of French descent
Chile international footballers
Chile under-20 international footballers
Chile youth international footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
Ñublense footballers
C.D . Huachipato footballers
Rosario Central footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Association football fullbacks
Holy Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Tejgaon area of Dhaka . It is also known as Tejgaon Church and once popularly called the Japmala Queen Church . Under this Catholic church has 17,120 Catholics . Fr . Kamal Andreas Corraya is parish priest of this church and Fr . Mintu Lawrence Palma , Fr . Antony Ripon D ' Rozario and Fr . Sony Martin Rodrigues are serving there as assistant parish priest . Each Sunday Catholics gather there for Sunday mass and thousands devotee join there .
Construction
Portuguese Augustinian missionaries introduced Christianity in Dhaka . The second church of Dhaka was built in 1677 at Tejgaon . But this one is the oldest example that can be found .
Renovation
The church was renovated three times . In 1714 , 1940 and the last renovation was in 2000 .
The difference between the width of walls and the parts of the roof suggest that the eastern part of the Church was built later .
Information
Parish Priest : Fr . Kamal Andreas Corraya
Assist . Priest : Fr . Mintu Lawrence Palma
Assist . Priest : Fr . Antony Ripon D ' Rozario
Assist . Priest : Fr . Sony Martin Rodriques
Catholics : 17,120 ( including Nayanagar , Uttara Banani , Mahakhali and Bhatara )
See also
Christianity in Bangladesh
The Portuguese in Dhaka
References
External links
Churches in Dhaka
Roman Catholic churches in Bangladesh
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1677
Malta participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song `` Coming Home '' written by Richard Micallef . The song was performed by Firelight . The Maltese entry for the 2014 contest in Copenhagen , Denmark was selected through the national final Malta Eurovision Song Contest 2014 , organised by the Maltese broadcaster Public Broadcasting Services ( PBS ) . The competition consisted of a semi-final round and a final , held on 7 and 8 February 2014 , respectively , where `` Coming Home '' performed by Firelight eventually emerged as the winning entry after scoring the most points from a five-member jury and a public televote .
Malta was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 8 May 2014 . Performing as the opening entry during the show in position 1 , `` Coming Home '' was announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 10 May . It was later revealed that Malta placed ninth out of the 15 participating countries in the semi-final with 64 points . In the final , Malta performed in position 22 and placed twenty-third out of the 26 participating countries , scoring 32 points .
Background
Prior to the 2014 contest , Malta had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty-six times since its first entry in 1971 . Malta briefly competed in the Eurovision Song Contest in the 1970s before withdrawing for sixteen years . The country had , to this point , competed in every contest since returning in 1991 . Malta 's best placing in the contest thus far was second , which it achieved on two occasions : in 2002 with the song `` 7th Wonder '' performed by Ira Losco and in the 2005 contest with the song `` Angel '' performed by Chiara . In the 2013 edition , Malta qualified to the final and placed 8th with the song `` Tomorrow '' performed by Gianluca .
For the 2014 contest , the Maltese national broadcaster , Public Broadcasting Services ( PBS ) , broadcast the event within Malta and organised the selection process for the nation 's entry . PBS confirmed their intentions to participate at it on 19 July 2013 . Malta selected their entry consistently through a national final procedure , a method that was continued for their 2014 participation .
Before Eurovision
Malta Eurovision Song Contest 2014
Malta Eurovision Song Contest 2014 was the national final format developed by PBS to select the Maltese entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 . The competition consisted of a semi-final and final held on 7 and 8 February 2014 , respectively , at the Malta Fairs and Conventions Centre in Ta ' Qali . Both shows were hosted by television presenter Moira Delia and past Maltese Eurovision entrants Ira Losco and Gianluca Bezzina and broadcast on Television Malta ( TVM ) as well on the broadcaster 's website tvm.com.mt , while the final was also broadcast on the official Eurovision Song Contest website eurovision.tv .
Format
The competition consisted of twenty songs competing in the semi-final on 7 February 2014 where the top fourteen entries qualified to compete in the final on 8 February 2014 . Five judges evaluated the songs during the shows and each judge had an equal stake in the final result . The sixth set of votes were the results of the public televote , which had a weighting equal to the votes of a single judge . Ties in the final results were broken based on the entry which received the higher score from the judges .
Competing entries
Artists and composers were able to submit their entries between 24 September 2013 and 31 October 2013 with an entry fee of €150 per submission . Songwriters from any nationality were able to submit songs as long as the artist were Maltese or possessed Maltese citizenship . Artists were able to submit as many songs as they wished , however , they could only compete with a maximum of two in the semi-final and one in the final . 2013 national final winner Gianluca Bezzina was unable to compete due to a rule that prevented the previous winner from competing in the following competition . 210 entries were received by the broadcaster . On 19 November 2013 , PBS announced a shortlist of 70 entries that had progressed through the selection process . The twenty songs selected to compete in the semi-final were announced on the TVM programme Xarabank on 29 November 2013 . In order to present the competing songs to the public , the semi-finalists filmed promotional videos for their entries which were released in December 2013 .
Among the selected competing artists were former Maltese Eurovision entrants Miriam Christine who represented Malta in the 1996 contest and Fabrizio Faniello who represented Malta in the 2001 and 2006 contests . Sophie DeBattista represented Malta in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006 and Daniel Testa represented Malta in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 . Among the songwriters , Boris Cezek , Paul Abela , Gerard James Borg and Philip Vella were all past writers of Maltese Eurovision entries . Paul Giordimaina represented Malta in the 1991 edition and together with Fleur Balzan co-wrote the Maltese entry in 2011 ; Stephen Rudden represented the United Kingdom in the 1995 edition as part of the group Love City Groove ; Glen Vella represented Malta in the 2011 edition ; Johan Bejerholm co-wrote the Azerbaijani entry in 2009 .
Semi-final
The semi-final took place on 7 February 2014 . Twenty songs competed for fourteen qualifying spots in the final . The running order for the semi-final was announced on 3 December 2013 . The interval act featured guest performances by Denmark 's Eurovision Song Contest 2013 winner Emmelie de Forest performing `` Only Teardrops '' , 2014 Ukrainian Eurovision entrant Maria Yaremchuk performing `` Tick-Tock '' and the local bands the Crowns and Red Electrick .
The five members of the jury that evaluated the entries during the semi-final consisted of :
Reuben Zammit ( Malta ) – Head of Programmes at PBS
Ekaterina Orlova ( Russia ) – Head of Delegation for Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest
Alessandro Capicchioni ( San Marino ) – Head of Delegation for San Marino at the Eurovision Song Contest
Victoria Romanova ( Ukraine ) – Head of Delegation for Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest
Arthur Caruana ( Malta ) – Disc jockey
Final
The final took place on 8 February 2014 . The fourteen entries that qualified from the semi-final were performed again and the votes of a five-member jury panel ( 5/6 ) and the results of public televoting ( 1/6 ) determined the winner . The interval act featured guest performances by Malta 's Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 winner Gaia Cauchi , Emmelie de Forest performing `` Rainmaker '' , 2014 Swiss Eurovision entrant Sebalter performing `` Hunter of Stars '' and the local bands Winter Moods and Ġorġ u Pawlu . After the votes from the jury panel and televote were combined , `` Coming Home '' performed by Firelight were the winners .
The five members of the jury that evaluated the entries during the final consisted of :
Peter Cossai ( Malta ) – Head of Sports at PBS
Ekaterina Orlova ( Russia ) – Head of Delegation for Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest
Nicola Caligiore ( Italy ) – Head of Delegation for Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest
Olga Salamakha ( Belarus ) – Head of Delegation for Belarus at the Eurovision Song Contest
Reuben Zammitt ( Malta ) – Head of Programmes at PBS
At Eurovision
During the semi-final allocation draw on 20 January 2014 at the Copenhagen City Hall , Malta was drawn to compete in the first half of the second semi-final on 8 May 2014 . In the second semi-final , the producers of the show decided that Malta would open the semi-final and perform 1st , preceding Israel . Malta qualified from the second semi-final , placing 9th with 63 points and competed in the final on 10 May 2014 . During the winner 's press conference for the second semi-final qualifiers , Malta was allocated to compete in the second half of the final . In the final , the producers of the show decided that Malta would perform 22nd , following Hungary and preceding Denmark . Malta finished with an overall score of 32 points landing 23rd place .
The Maltese performance featured Firelight performing with instruments on stage . The LED screens transitioned from red and blue skies with black and white photos displayed on the cube screens . The black and white photos were 208 selfies that the Maltese broadcaster received after a public request was made asking fans to send in their photos in late March 2014 .
In Malta , the semi-finals and the finals were broadcast on TVM with commentary by Carlo Borg Bonaci . The Maltese spokesperson revealing the result of the Maltese vote in the final was Valentina Rossi .
Voting
Points awarded to Malta
Points awarded by Malta
Detailed voting results
The following members comprised the Maltese jury :
Paul Abela ( jury chairperson ) musician , composer , maestro
Manolito Galeasound engineer
Elton Zarbmusic producer
Corazon Mizzitelevision host , semi-professional singer/songwriter
Pamela Bezzinavocal coach , singer , vocal arranger
References
2014
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
Eurovision
Articles containing video clips
Andrea Zinsli ( born 18 November 1972 ) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Achievements
International competitions
Olympic games
1994 Winter Olympics : Alpine skiing , Lillehammer , 1994 : ranking 11 Slaloms
World Championships
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1996 Sierra Nevada 1996 : ranking 4 Slaloms
Worldcup
Season 1993/94 : 17. ranking Slalom
Season 1994/95 : 18. ranking Slalom
Season 1995/96 : 15. ranking Slalom
Season 1996/97 : 19. ranking Slalom
World Junior Championships
Alpine World Junior Championships 1991 Hemsedal 1991 : 3. ranking Slalom
National
Swiss Alpine Skiing championship 1994
Swiss Alpine Skiing championship 1995
Swiss Alpine Skiing championship 1997
External links
sports-reference.com
1972 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Ignacio Martinez may refer to :
Ignacio Martínez ( footballer ) ( born 1939 ) , Mexican former football player and manager
Ignacio Martínez ( tennis ) ( born 1972 ) , Mexican former professional tennis player
Ygnacio Martínez ( 1774–1848 ) , Alcalde of Yerba Buena
Marinette is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia , Canada , in the Halifax Regional Municipality . It is located along Route 224 , northwest of Sheet Harbour , along West River . The first land grant here was given to David Redmond from Antrim , Ireland , in 1828 .
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The white-rumped monjita ( Xolmis velatus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Argentina and Paraguay .
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and pastureland .
References
white-rumped monjita
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
white-rumped monjita
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gudge can refer to :
Variant spelling of guz , an Asian unit of measure ;
A Cork word for gur cake , also known as chester cake , a pastry confectionary .
Kofe Khauz ( Кофе Хауз , Coffee House ) is a chain of coffee shops in Russia and Ukraine . The company has currently over 200 stores . It is based in Moscow and was founded in 1999 .
Criticism
In summer of 2013 , Ukrainian branch of the chain was accused of anti-Ukrainian sentiment and а disdain for visitors .
In summer of 2014 activists of the `` Do not buy Russian goods ! '' campaign conducted several flash mobs and protests in many of the network 's coffee shops in Kyiv . Young people handed out ammo to visitors and then fell as dead , informing people about the shops ' Russian origin and that part of Coffee House 's profit flows into Russian economy .
References
Food and drink companies based in Moscow
Coffeehouses and cafés in Russia
Russian brands
Linhomoeidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida .
Genera
Genera :
Allgenia
Anticyathus Cobb , 1920
Anticyclus Cobb , 1920
References
Nematodes
In mathematics , a covering number is the number of spherical balls of a given size needed to completely cover a given space , with possible overlaps . Two related concepts are the packing number , the number of disjoint balls that fit in a space , and the metric entropy , the number of points that fit in a space when constrained to lie at some fixed minimum distance apart .
Definition
Let ( M , d ) be a metric space , let K be a subset of M , and let r be a positive real number . Let Br ( x ) denote the ball of radius r centered at x . A subset C of M is an r-external covering of K if :
.
In other words , for every there exists such that .
If furthermore C is a subset of K , then it is an r-internal covering .
The external covering number of K , denoted , is the minimum cardinality of any external covering of K. The internal covering number , denoted , is the minimum cardinality of any internal covering .
A subset P of K is a packing if and the set is pairwise disjoint . The packing number of K , denoted , is the maximum cardinality of any packing of K .
A subset S of K is r-separated if each pair of points x and y in S satisfies d ( x , y ) ≥ r. The metric entropy of K , denoted , is the maximum cardinality of any r-separated subset of K .
Examples
Properties
The following properties relate to covering numbers in the standard Euclidean space , :
Application to machine learning
Let be a space of real-valued functions , with the l-infinity metric ( see example 3 above ) .
Suppose all functions in are bounded by a real constant .
Then , the covering number can be used to bound the generalization error
of learning functions from ,
relative to the squared loss :
where and is the number of samples .
See also
Polygon covering
Kissing number
References
Topology
Metric geometry
Lakeside Nature Reserve is a small Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Church End , Finchley in the London Borough of Barnet .
It was designed as landscaping for an office complex , and its main feature is a lake with a fountain . Plants fringing the shore include water mint , gypsywort and purple-loosestrife . Waterfowl nest on a small island and there are dragonflies in summer .
There is no public access but it can be viewed from a footpath off Strathmore Gardens .
See also
Nature reserves in Barnet
References
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Barnet
Dabneys is an unincorporated community in Louisa County , Virginia , United States . Dabneys is west-northwest of Wyndham .
References
Unincorporated communities in Louisa County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Berta Hoerner Hader ( August 1 , 1890 – February 6 , 1976 ) and Elmer Stanley Hader ( September 7 , 1889 – September 7 , 1973 ) were an American couple who jointly illustrated more than 70 children 's books , about half of which they also wrote . They won the annual Caldecott Medal for The Big Snow ( 1948 ) , recognizing the year 's `` most distinguished American picture book for children '' . They received the Caldecott Honor Book Award for Cock-a-doodle-doo in 1940 and The Mighty Hunter in 1944 .
Biography
Berta Hoerner was born in San Pedro , Coahuila , Mexico , where her parents Albert and Adelaide unsuccessfully tried to grow cotton with Albert 's brother . The family moved 100 km to the east , to the resort town of Parras , Mexico , when Berta was three , then soon-after to Amarillo , Texas , where her father ran a grocery store . Her father died when Berta was five , and the family soon moved to the northeast of the United States . Berta , perhaps inspired by her mother 's colorful sketches of Mexican life , took art classes and read extensively while still in elementary school , winning literary and artistic prizes for her work . The family again moved in 1909 , this time to Seattle , Washington . While Berta 's mother worked for Charity Organization Society and Washington 's Home , Berta continued painting and reading , and eventually attended the University of Washington School of Journalism ( 1909–1912 ) . She also apprenticed at Western Engraving Company , where she learned printing design , fashion design , illustration , and printing skills . Berta 's supervisor , Eva Shepard , moved to San Francisco , and handed over her fashion work in Seattle to Berta . When Ms. Shepard then took a position in New York , Ms. Shepard asked Berta to take over her free-lance fashion illustration business in San Francisco . Berta agreed and , to further her training , she spent the summer of 1915 attending art school in Carmel , California . In the fall she moved to San Francisco , took over Eva Shepard 's fashion illustration work , and attended the California School of Design , where she studies from 1915-1918 . While in San Francisco , Berta befriended Rose Wilder Lane ( daughter of then-unknown writer Laura Ingalls Wilder ) , with whom she later rented a Telegraph Hill studio ( 1413 Montgomery Street ) . Berta first met her future husband Elmer at this studio . Berta had also befriended Bessie `` Mother '' Beatty during her time in San Francisco . After Ms. Beatty 's adventures covering the Russian Revolution ( The Red Heart of Russia , 1918 ) , she invited Berta to New York City to do fashion design illustration for McCall 's , where Ms. Beatty had become an editor .
Elmer Hader was born in Pajaro , California , but spent much of his youth in San Francisco . At the age of 16 , as a member of the National Guard , he helped restore order to San Francisco after the 1906 earthquake . He worked briefly in a survey party up the American River ( near Sacramento , California ) , then returned to San Francisco to work as a firefighter on the State Belt Railroad ( a dock-side railroad that acted as a shuttle for goods and people ) , where his father worked as an engineer . Elmer used his earnings from this job to pay for his first term at California School of Design . He then obtained scholarships to finish at the school ( 1907–1910 ) . Elmer was also involved in theatre , and was supported by two theatrical groups , including his time in Paris at the Académie Julian from 1912-1914 . He was so successful at vaudeville routines in France and the U.S. ( on the Pantages circuit ) , in which he would do a `` Painting a Minute '' act and , later , a living statue routine ( in which individuals were made up to appear to be statues ) , that he considered dropping his long-term goal of becoming an artist . He did not . He returned to San Francisco , set up a studio in his parents attic , painted , taught art , and arranged exhibits . Elmer was the first artist showcased in a one-man one themed show at the Palace of Fine Arts . He was drafted into the U.S. Army and returned to France in 1918 as a member of the Camouflage Corps , just at the time that Berta was asked by Ms. Beatty to come to New York to work in fashion design illustration at McCalls .
When Elmer and Berta met in San Francisco , they had both been part of a broad network of artists and intellectuals in the area . They became good friends , and , rather than return to San Francisco , Elmer went directly to New York when he was demobilized in February 1919 . Berta was working for McCall 's . The two married in July of that year , then lived briefly in Greenwich Village . Seeking a more rustic setting , they left the city to rent the Lyall Cottage in Grand View-on-Hudson , a small town in rural Rockland County , New York on the west bank of the Hudson River . This would become the area where they would spend the rest of their lives . Their home , which took more than twenty years to construct , was largely built by the Haders and their friends , and the house became an art project in its own right . Elmer went so far as to extract the stones used to build the house from the earth himself . The Haders had a son in the early 1920s , Hamilton ( named after the author Hamilton Williamson ) , who died from meningitis not long before he turned three . They retreated to a friend 's home in Maine to grieve and heal . They returned to New York to continue work on their home and to continue their artistic careers contributing artwork to many magazines , creating broadsides , pamphlets , painting miniatures ( Berta ) and portraits ( Elmer ) .
Career
The two used their talents and Berta 's connections to prepare children 's sections for Good Housekeeping , McCall 's , Pictorial Review , Asia , Century , and The Christian Science Monitor . They did pictures and cut-outs , often featuring children dressed in national costumes . In Berta and Elmer Hader 's Picture Book of Mother Goose , the couple collated pen-and-ink and color drawings they had done for Monitor and Good Housekeeping to great acclaim . When the US Postal Service dis-allowed the sending of magazines with cut-out segments in 1926 , the Haders switched gears , gaining a contract with MacMillan for a series of children 's books . They began writing the stories for some of the books in this period . Demand for their product soared , and they worked incessantly from 1927–1931 , illustrating , in some cases writing , producing , and helping to sell thirty-four titles . They stayed busy for the rest of their lives , producing another seventy or so books before they retired in 1964 . One book in particular , Billy Butter ( 1936 ) , so impressed writer John Steinbeck that he requested Elmer Hader do the cover to The Grapes of Wrath ( 1939 ) . Hader eventually did covers for two other Steinbeck works , East of Eden ( 1952 ) and The Winter of Our Discontent ( 1961 ) .
The Haders were early champions of conservation , animal protection , and pacifism . This made its way into their work , particularly with titles such as The Runaways ( 1956 ) and Two Is Company , Three 's a Crowd ( 1965 ? ) . In the early 1950s , Berta became a community activist , ignited by the seemingly lost cause of having the location of the proposed Tappan Zee Bridge moved to a less sensitive area than its planned path through her village . Though The New York Times accused her of `` blocking progress , '' the New York State Thruway Authority eventually relented , and the massive 4,88 km-long bridge was built several kilometers to the north at Nyack , where the bridge still stands today .
Berta and Elmer travelled extensively in Mexico , Jamaica , and the far northeast of the United States , some of which made its way into their work . 'The Story of Pancho and the Bull with the Crooked Tail '' ( 1942 ) , Jamaica Johnny ( 1943 ) , and Tommy Thatcher Goes to Sea ( 1950 ) are all informed by their travels . Elmer died on his 84th birthday at his home in Grand-View-on-Hudson . Berta remained at the home until shortly before she died 1976 February 6 at the age of 85 .
Bibliography
Partial bibliography
Author/illustrators
`` Happy Hours '' , 1927-1928 , seven small picture books
The Picture Book of Travel , 1928
What 'll You Do When You Grow Up ? A Book for Very Young People Who have n't Made Up Their Minds , 1929
Berta and Elmer Hader 's Picture Book of Mother Goose , 1930
Lion Cub : A Jungle Tale , 1931
Midget and Bridget , 1934
Billy Butter - The Tale of A Little Brown Goat , 1936
Tommy Thatcher Goes to Sea , 1937
Cricket : The Story of a Little Circus Pony , 1938
Cock-a-Doodle Doo , 1939
The Cat and the Kitten , 1940
Little Town , 1941
Pancho , 1942
The Mighty Hunter , 1943
The Little Stone House , 1944
Rainbow 's End , 1945
The Skyrocket , 1946
The Big Snow , 1948
Little Appaloosa , 1949
Squirrely of Willow Hill , 1950
The Farmer in the Dell Hardcover , 1951
The Friendly Phoebe , 1953
Wish on the Moon , 1954
Home on the Range : Jeremiah Jones and His Friend Little Bear in the Far West , 1955
Ding Dong Bell , Pussy 's in the Well , 1957
Little Chip of Willow Hill , 1958
Reindeer Trail - a Long Journey from Lapland to Alaska , 1959
Mister Billy 's Gun , 1960
Quack Quack : The Story of a Little Wild Duck , 1961
Little Antelope an Indian for a Day , 1962
Snow in the City , 1963
Two is Company , Three 's a Crowd , 1965
Illustrators
Baby Bear , by Hamilton Williamson , 1930
Banana Tree , by Phillis Garrard , 1938
Timothy Has Ideas , by Miriam E. Mason , 1943
See also
References
The above information , except where otherwise noted , has been summarized from an article by Elaine and Edward Kemp in Imprint : Oregon , volume 3 , 1977 spring-fall , pages 5–11 . Amongst other research , the Kemps gained information through correspondence with several friends of the Haders , such as J. J. Marquis , Jane Terrill Barrow , Ruth and Latrobe Carroll , and Doris Patee .
External links
Hader Connection , nonprofit established by niece Joy Hoerner Rich
Berta and Elmer Hader Papers 1930–1948 , University of Minnesota
Guide to the Concordia University Berta and Elmer Hader Illustrations Collection 1919–1961 , Concordia University
Guide to the Berta and Elmer Hader Papers 1906–1974 , University of Oregon
Elmer Hader at LC Authorities , 70 records , and WorldCat
American children 's writers
American children 's book illustrators
Caldecott Medal winners
Married couples
Art duos
Writing duos
People from San Pedro , Coahuila
Etidocaine , marketed under the trade name Duranest , is an amide-type local anesthetic given by injection during surgical procedures and labor and delivery . Etidocaine has a long duration of activity , and the main disadvantage of using during dentistry is increased bleeding during surgery .
References
External links
Duranest ( RxList )
Local anesthetics
Anilides
Athletics competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali , Colombia were scheduled to be held from November 30 – December 4 , 2021 .
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Women
Mixed
Participation
References
Fencing
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Hell Hunters is a 1988 horror film produced and directed by , and starring Maud Adams , George Lazenby and Stewart Granger .
Plot
A Nazi war criminal mad scientist creates a spider serum which turns people into Nazi zombies . A team of investigators that have devoted their lives hunting Nazi war criminals endeavor to stop him .
Cast
Maud Adams as Amanda
Stewart Granger as Martin Hoffmann
Candice Daly as Ally
Rômulo Arantes as Tonio
Russ McCubbin as Kong
George Lazenby as Heinrich
Eduardo Conde as El Pasado
William Berger as Karl
Herb Andress as Johann
Release
Home media
It was announced on June 1 , 2016 that Film Chest would be releasing the film for the first time on DVD later that year . The DVD included a fully restored HD version of the film taken from its original 35mm print . Film Chest released the film on DVD on July 5 , 2016 .
References
External links
1988 films
1980s action horror films
1988 horror films
1980s science fiction horror films
1988 thriller films
Mad scientist films
Films about Nazi hunters
American action horror films
American horror thriller films
American science fiction horror films
American zombie films
1980s English-language films
English-language German films
West German films
German action horror films
German science fiction horror films
Nazi zombie films
1980s American films
1980s German films
The Ungava Seal ( Phoca vitulina mellonae ) is a subspecies of harbor seal , endemic to a small series of freshwater lakes in the Ungava Peninsula , located in northern Quebec . It is noted for being one of the few examples of freshwater seals . It is believed they may number less than 100 individuals . They are currently classified as endangered .
References
Freshwater animals of North America
Endemic fauna of Canada
IUCN Red List endangered species
Talinum paniculatum is a succulent subshrub in the family Talinaceae that is native to much of North and South America , and the Caribbean countries . It is commonly known as fameflower , Jewels-of-Opar ( a name borrowed from the title of the novel Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar by Edgar Rice Burroughs ) , or pink baby's-breath .
Classification
The species was described in 1760 under the basionym of Portulaca paniculata by Nicolaus Joseph von Jacquin ( 1727–1817 ) , then recombined in the genus Talinum in 1791 by Joseph Gaertner ( 1732–1791 ) . In current classification , Talinum paniculatum belongs to the family Talinaceae , it was assigned in the past to the family of the purslane or Portulacaceae .
Appearance
T. paniculatum bears tuberous roots and panicles of flowers and produces tiny , jewel-like fruits . Its peculiarity is its very long root , of orange colour , that reaches about 80 centimeters . It is a very bad herb in crops , and it proliferates very easily , since it roots very easily , even after it has been plucked and if it has any part of the root in contact with the soil . The plant as a whole can reach almost 2 meters high measured from the soil surface , where after maturity , its brown seeds ( in abundance ) , spread easily through the surrounding area .
Native range
Talinum paniculatum is native to the southern United States , much of Latin America ( such as Paraguay and Uruguay ) and the Caribbean . It has been introduced notably in Africa and Asia .
Uses
Talinum paniculatum is often grown as an ornamental plant . Cultivars include 'Kingwood Gold ' , 'Limón ' , and 'Variegatum ' .
The leaves are edible and have been used in traditional medicine in Asia .
Used in home medicine as a diuretic , healing , emollient , vulval and anti-infective , it is also consumed in salads .
Gallery
References
External links
Flora of North America , Talinum paniculatum ( Jacquin ) Gaertner , 1791 . Pink baby-breath , jewels of Opar , rama del sapo
Talinum paniculatum ( Jacq . ) Gaertn. , Finnish Museum of Natural History
photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden , collected in Peru in 2012
Caryophyllales
Plants described in 1760
Taxa named by Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin
Flora of North America
Flora of South America
Flora of Central America
Flora of the Caribbean
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
HMS Raider was a R-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War .
Description
Raider displaced at standard load and at deep load . She had an overall length of , a beam of and a deep draught of . She was powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft , using steam provided by two Admiralty three-drum boilers . The turbines developed a total of and gave a maximum speed of . Raider carried a maximum of of fuel oil that gave her a range of at . Her complement was 176 officers and ratings .
The ship was armed with four 45-calibre 4.7-inch ( 120 mm ) Mark IX guns in single mounts . For anti-aircraft ( AA ) defence , Raider had one quadruple mount for QF 2-pdr Mark VIII ( `` pom-pom '' ) guns and six single Oerlikon autocannon . She was fitted with two above-water quadruple mounts for torpedoes . Two depth charge rails and four throwers were fitted for which 70 depth charges were provided .
Construction and career
HMS Raider was adopted by Romford during World War II as part of Warship Week . She was launched on 1 April 1942 as the second Royal Navy ship to carry the name , previously borne by a destroyer built in 1916 and sold in 1927 .
Postwar service
Raider was placed in Reserve at Devonport in January 1946 and was recommissioned for service in the Mediterranean on 6 May that year . The ship was extensively deployed for Plane Guard duties with aircraft carriers and took part in Fleet exercises . She returned to UK in August 1947 and reduced to Reserve status .
She was subsequently sold to the Indian Navy in 1948 , where she was commissioned in 1949 as INS Rana ( D115 ) . Along with two other former R-class destroyers ( Rajput and Ranjit ) she formed part of the 11th destroyer Squadron . She was decommissioned in 1976 , and scrapped in 1979 .
References
Bibliography
Q and R-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Mersey
1942 ships
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
R-class destroyers of the Indian Navy
`` Félicie aussi '' is a 1939 song performed by Fernandel . Of the 300 songs he sang on stage during his career , it is undoubtedly his most famous .
Writing and composition
The song was written by Albert Willemetz ( who penned the lyrics for such songs as Maurice Chevalier 's `` Valentine '' and Mistinguett 's `` C'est vrai '' ) and Charles-Louis Pothier and composed by Casimir Oberfeld .
The song is based on appreciation of the adverb `` aussi '' ( `` too '' ) :
Charts
References
1939 songs
French songs
Songs with lyrics by Albert Willemetz
Songs with music by Casimir Oberfeld
Comedy songs
Fernandel songs
Acrapex metaphaea is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1910 . It is found in Africa , including Zimbabwe and South Africa .
The wingspan is about 26 mm .
Description
Head and thorax ochreous tinged with rufous and mixed with some black brown ; palpi dark brown ; abdomen dorsally dark brown , ventrally ochreous tinged with rufous . Forewing rufous , the costal area , median nervure and veins arising from it , and inner margin suffused with dark brown , slight white points in and beyond lower angle of cell ; traces of a subterminal series of black points , a slight oblique dark shade from termen below apex ; a terminal series of black points . Hindwing dark reddish brown , the cilia with fine pale line at base ; the underside greyish suffused and sprinkled with fuscous .
References
External links
Xyleninae
Fauna of Zimbabwe
Moths of Africa
Alis Vidūnas ( November 8 , 1934 in the village of Reketija , Kalvarija Municipality – February 19 , 2009 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian politician . 1952–1958 he studied at Kaunas Politechnical Institute , Faculty of Hydrotechnology and received profession of an engineer . April 10 , 1995 – January 21 , 1997 , he was mayor of Vilnius , January 15 , 1997 – November 15 , 2000 , head of Vilnius region . Since 2001 he was marketing director in Greitkelis Ltd .
His wife , Gražina Vidūnienė , is an economist . His son is Vytis Vidūnas is a Sanskrit professor and the former head of the Centre of Oriental Studies at Vilnius University .
References
Alis VIDŪNAS . Government of the Republic of Lithuania .
1934 births
2009 deaths
People from Kalvarija Municipality
Mayors of Vilnius
The following list of fictional musteloids is subsidiary to the list of fictional animals . This includes weasels , ferrets , minks , otters , martens , skunks , raccoons , and red pandas .
Fictional badgers are instead found within the list of fictional badgers .
Fictional raccoons are found in the list of fictional raccoons .
If a character appears in more than one medium , it is sorted under the primary one . Thus , despite occasional appearances in licensed video games , Pepé Le Pew is listed under the List of fictional musteloids in animation .
Comics
Film and television
Note : Ferrets appear as companions of at least two characters in the Harry Potter film series , but they are not explicitly named . An unnamed ferret also appears in the Prancing Pony in The Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring .
Animation
Literature
Note : The Ferret Chronicles has dozens of named ferret characters not listed here , and the Redwall series ( between
the books and the television show ) has hundreds of ferrets , stoat , and weasel characters not listed here . Only a few key ones
are listed from each . For the former see the books referenced above . For the latter , see the character lists provided within the Redwall section .
Video games
Fictional species
Advertisement
Otter Pops
Sally Sashay , a disco singing skunk from Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre .
References
Fictional
Mustelids
Mustelids
Panchasar is a village in Shankheshwar Taluka of Patan district of Gujarat , India .
History
Panchasar is one of the oldest seats of power in north-west Gujarat . During the seventh century it was the capital of Jai Shikhri of the Chavda dynasty or Chapotkat clan , and was so splendid a city that , according to the court bard , no one living there had any desire for Paradise . This boasting of his bard brought against Jai Shikhri ( 697 ) the power of the king of Kalyan Katak . The first expedition , surprised by Jai Shikhri 's minister , was defeated , but a second , under the personal command of the Kalyan king , ended in the destruction of Jai Shikhri and of his capital . His wife , saved by her husband 's forethought , became the mother of Vanraj Chavda , the founder ( 746 ) of the city of Anhilwad Patan .
It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency , which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency . After Independence of India in 1947 , Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State . When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State , it fell under Mehsana district of Gujarat . It became part of Patan district subsequently .
At Rantoj and Shankheshwar near Panchasar , are Jain temples more than once re-built , and probably holding the same sites since very early times .
See also
Panchasara Jain temple
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :
Villages in Patan district
Kot Aalam , Kot Almo or Kot Aalmoon is a small village in Taluka Sujawal , Thatta District , in the Pakistani state of Sindh , situated on the left bank of the Indus River . In 1858 it was district of Sindh province ( see the book Tareekh e Sujawal ) . It is situated 8 km north from Daro city . After the floods of August 2010 many Memon families have migrated to other cities of Sindh , Specially Karachi , Daro , Mirpur Bathoro , Thatta and Tandojam .
History
This village has an ancient history . It was an Islamic center , a town of Thatta . Its inhabitants were Muslims , including some scholars who used to work as farmers for survival .
In the British era ( 1857 ) the village was a district of Sindh .
It was damaged three times due to river floods and time to time its position was moved from one place to another . The most recent flood destroyed the village completely during August-2010 .
Location
Presently it is a Deh of Union Council Bijora , Taluka Sujawal District Thatta Now it is in District Sujawal , Sindh , Pakistan , located at about 20 km north of Sujawal and 8 km north-west of Darro town .
Agriculture
It is an agricultural area close to Pinnah forest on the left bank of Rajwah tributary supplied by Penjary canal of Ghulam Muhammad ( Kotri ) barrage , Hyderabad Sindh . A Surjani Loop ( SL ) Bacha Band separated irrigated and flood areas .
Inhabitants
The inhabitants consist of Sayyed , Memon , Mirbhar , Solangi and Khaskheli families including adjacent villages . The village has been destroyed nine times in floods . The inhabitants had stayed here time to time , the inhabitants are poor mostly farmers and labourers . Rice , wheat and sugarcane are the main crops during both cropping seasons ( Kharif and Rabi ) . An acute shortage of irrigation water throughout the year annually produce poor yields per unit area .
https : //plus.google.com/u/0/ ? tab=XX
References
Villages in Sindh
Thatta District
The Thornbury Hoard is a hoard of 11,460 copper alloy Roman coins , mainly radiates and nummi , dating from 260 to 348 , found in the back garden of Ken Allen in Thornbury , South Gloucestershire , England while digging a pond in March 2004 . It was described as the `` third largest of its kind '' found in Great Britain .
Discovery , treatment and valuation
The hoard was discovered by Ken Allen while digging a pond in his back garden . The coins were in a coarse grey ware decorated pot measuring high—thought to have originated in Caldicot , Monmouthshire—which had been damaged in the ground .
Allen reported the find and took it to Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery where it was weighed in at , and `` took two people to lift the bucket it had been collected in '' . For the most part , the coins were readily identified after drying and chemical treatment .
At an inquest , the Coroner declared the hoard Treasure and a valuation committee subsequently valued it at £40,000 . Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery acquired the hoard , funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund , the Headley Museums Treasure Acquisition Scheme , and other organisational funding .
Items discovered
The hoard was said to be the `` third largest of its kind '' and consisted of 11,449 copper alloy nummi and 11 copper alloy radiates , the earliest dating from during the reign of Gallienus in 260 ; the latest being struck in 348 , during the Constantinian dynasty . However , the vast majority were minted in the 330s and consisted of three reverse types showing `` Gloria Exercitus '' , meaning `` to the glory of the army '' – either carrying a reverse design of `` two soldiers with legionary standards '' or commemorative types depicting the Roman capitals of Rome and Constantinople . Others commemorated the battle of Chrysopolis fought between Constantine I and Licinius : these coins depict Victory standing on the prow of a ship .
The find was compared in size and constitution to those of the Nether Compton ( 22,670 coins ) and Bishopswood ( 17,548 coins ) hoards , found in 1989 and 1895 respectively .
See also
List of hoards in Britain
References
Treasure troves in England
Treasure troves of Roman Britain
History of Gloucestershire
Thornbury , Gloucestershire
2004 in England
2004 archaeological discoveries
Hoards from Roman Britain
Coin hoards
The Tawi-Tawi Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Tawi-Tawi .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into two districts , each having four seats . A voter votes up to four names , with the top four candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Tawi-Tawi ; unlike congressional representation which is at-large , Tawi-Tawi is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) . Tawi-Tawi 's provincial board also has reserved seats for the sectoral representatives for women , agricultural workers and businessmen .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Michail Ahaja ( NUP )
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
2nd District Board Members
References
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Politics of Tawi-Tawi
Shabanqiao Station is a metro station at Chengdu , Sichuan , China . It was opened on December 18 , 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8 .
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Christopher Columbus – The Enigma ( Cristóvão Colombo - O Enigma ) is a 2007 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira . It was filmed in both Portugal and the United States . It was screened out of competition at the 64th edition of the Venice Film Festival .
Cast
Ricardo Trêpa as Manuel Luciano ( 1946–60 )
Leonor Baldaque as Sílvia ( 1957–60 )
Manoel de Oliveira as Manuel Luciano ( 2007 )
Maria Isabel de Oliveira as Sílvia ( 2007 )
Jorge Trêpa as Hermínio
Lourença Baldaque as O Anjo
Leonor Silveira as Mãe
Luís Miguel Cintra as Director Museu Porto Santo
See also
Cinema of Portugal
References
External links
2007 drama films
2007 films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Portuguese drama films
Mary Frances Billington ( 6 September 1862 – 27 August 1925 ) was an English journalist and writer , whose collected articles on women were published as Woman in India ( 1895 ) , The Red Cross in War ( 1914 ) and The Roll-Call of Serving Women ( 1915 ) .
Early life
Mary Frances Billington was born at Chalbury Rectory , in Chalbury , Dorset . Her father , George Henry Billington , was a clergyman , the rector at Chalbury ; her mother Frances Anne Barber Billington was a clergyman 's daughter before she was a clergyman 's wife .
Career
Mary Frances Billington helped establish the Southern Echo newspaper in 1888 , and was recruited from there to the London office of the Echo by John Passmore Edwards . Billington joined the staff of the Daily Graphic at its founding in 1890 . Some of her journalism during this job included diving underwater in full gear at the Royal Navy Exhibition , and covering the funeral of Alfred , Lord Tennyson at Westminster Abbey . In 1897 , she moved to the Daily Telegraph . She was in charge of the women 's department at the Telegraph , and wrote a weekly column that focused on women 's working lives . Her 28 reports filed with the Graphic from India were compiled as her first book , Woman in India ( 1895 ) .
During World War I , Billington reported from France , and published two more books of her columns , this time focusing on women 's wartime work : The Red Cross in War : Women 's Part in the Relief of Suffering ( 1914 ) and The Roll Call of Serving Women : A Record of Woman 's Work for Combatants and Sufferers in the Great War ( 1915 ) . In a 1914 article about the war for The Girl 's Own Paper , she warned against inexperienced knitters making socks for soldiers , noting , `` it is very important that a soldier should not get sore feet . ''
Billington was one of the founders and president of the Society for Women Journalists from 1913 to 1920 , and served on the executive council of the Cowdray Club . She served as the only woman delegate to the 1920 Imperial Press Congress when it was held in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Personal life
Mary Frances Billington died at home in London in 1925 , a week short of her 63rd birthday . Her remains were buried at the churchyard in Chalbury , with those of her parents and her brothers .
References
1862 births
1925 deaths
People from Dorset
British women in World War I
English women journalists
La Pucelle , also known as The Virgin , is a 1709 violin made by Antonio Stradivari .
Etymology
It was Parisian dealer , luthier and maker Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume who gave the instrument its name . In the mid-19th century , Vuillaume disassembled the instrument for maintenance and observed , to his amazement , that the violin had remained untouched since it left Stradivari 's workshop . He exclaimed , `` C'est comme une pucelle ! '' ( `` It 's like a virgin '' ! ) The name stuck and that has been the violin 's name ever since .
History and provenance
Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume created the instrument 's tailpiece carved with the image of a woman in armor , Joan of Arc , the virgin warrior known as `` La Pucelle d'Orléans '' . Vuillaume also created the instrument 's elaborately carved pegs .
According to the celebrated violin expert Charles Beare , La Pucelle is the first example of the instruments forming Stradivari 's `` Golden Period '' , the pilot model .
The violin is currently owned by collector David L. Fulton . He calls it one of his finest items in his collection and considers it one of the finest Stradivari instrument in the U.S . He described La Pucelle as having no cracks , no retouching , no worn-down corners or edges . It was once owned by heiress Huguette Clark , given to her on her 50th birthday in June 1956 by her mother Anna . Clark sold the violin to Fulton in 2001 under a contract that would conceal the identity of the seller for 10 years .
References
Stradivari violins
1709 works
Stradivari instruments
Kushla Peak ( , ) is the peak rising to 2588 m in Veregava Ridge , central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica . It surmounts Berisad Glacier to the north-northwest and Hansen Glacier to the southeast .
The peak is named after the settlement of Kushla in Southern Bulgaria .
Location
Kushla Peak is located at , which is 3.53 km northeast of Mount Waldron , 4.15 km southeast of Sipey Bluff , 12.58 km southwest of Dickey Peak and 4.95 km northwest of Mount Havener . US mapping in 1961 , updated in 1988 .
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
Notes
External links
Kushla Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Kushla Peak . Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Maginness is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alban Maginness ( born 1950 ) , Northern Ireland politician
Norm Maginness ( born 1933 ) , Australian rules footballer
Scott Maginness ( born 1966 ) , Australian rules footballer
Florence Hale ( 14 May 1887 – 2 April 1945 ) , was an American actress .
She was born in Iowa , United States and died in San Diego , California .
Selected filmography
The Black Sheep of the Family ( 1916 )
External links
References
1887 births
1945 deaths
American film actresses
American silent film actresses
20th-century American actresses
Alexey Torchinski ( ) is a Russian former pair skater . He is a three-time ( 1990–1992 ) World Junior champion with partner Natalia Krestianinova .
Competitive highlights
( with Krestianinova )
References
Navigation
Soviet male pair skaters
Russian male pair skaters
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
, is a Japanese singer and actor . He is currently a member of SixTONES .
Career
Morimoto was scouted by Johnny Kitagawa to join the talent agency Johnny & Associates in 2006 .
He entered the Johnny 's Jr. group , Tap Kids , in 2007 and made his first stage appearance in `` Takizawa Enbujo 2007 '' . He also participated in `` DREAM BOYS '' and starred in `` God of Examination '' and `` Love and Devil ~ Vampire ☆ Boy '' in 2007 .
In 2009 , Morimoto passed the audition to starred as the lead role , Harada Sota , in the movie `` Snow Prince – Forbidden Love Melody '' . On October 15 , 2009 , the movie premiered in Antwerp , Belgium and he was appointed as the `` Friendship Ambassador of Flanders Tourism Board , Belgium '' along with Yuma Nakayama . On November 1 , 2009 , Morimoto was appointed as the leader of a newly formed temporary Johnny 's Jr. unit , Snow Prince , consisting of 11 members . The group later made a CD debut titled `` Snow Prince '' on December 2 , 2009 .
In 2012 , he starred as the lead role , Tatsuya Sakuragi , in NTV 's Shiritsu Bakaleya Koukou . The drama was later extended to a movie sequel , in which he retained the same lead role as Tatsuya Sakuragi . He also appeared in `` GTO : Remake Season 1 `` in the same year , which was a remake of the live adaption drama series in 1998 . In the following year , Morimoto appeared in another school drama , `` Kasuka na Kanojo '' .
In May 2015 , Morimoto became part of the Johnny Jr. unit , SixTones , which consist of most of Bakaleya main cast . The group is scheduled to make their CD debut on January 22 , 2020 . Alongside with SixTONES , Morimoto co-starred in a few stage shows , such as the long historic Shounentachi , for every year since 2015–2019 with another Johnny 's Jr. group Snow Man .
In 2019 , Morimoto starred in prime time drama series `` Kansatsui Asagao '' as Takuma Morimoto .
Personal life
Morimoto 's older brother is Ryutaro Morimoto , a former member of Hey ! Say ! JUMP .
Filmography
Television
Film
Special Drama
References
Living people
1997 births
Japanese male pop singers
Male actors from Kanagawa Prefecture
Super Junior-T ( ) , an initialism for Super Junior-Trot is the second official sub-group of South Korean boy band Super Junior . They are the first idol group known for capitalizing trot music , the oldest form of Korean pop music . Formed in 2007 , the group consists of five Super Junior members : Leeteuk , Heechul , Shindong , Sungmin , and Eunhyuk .
Super Junior-T released their debut CD single on 23 February 2007 the short span of their career before they were announced to be on hiatus in 2008 . The single `` Rokuko '' was Korea 's sixteenth best-selling record and the number one best-selling single of 2007 , according to the Music Industry Association of Korea . In November 2008 , the subgroup made their debut in Japan with released the Japanese version of `` Rokuko '' .
History
Pre-debut
Noticing the dying trend of trot music , Lee Soo Man decided to revive the style by producing an idol band that capitalizes this genre . Three months before Super Junior-T 's official debut , they performed `` Do n't Go Away '' at the M.NET/KM Music Festival on November 25 , 2006 with Super Junior 's Donghae .
2007 : Commercial success
In early February , SM Entertainment made the official announcement of a second Super Junior subgroup , Super Junior-T . The group released their debut single `` Rokuko '' on February 23 , 2007 and on February 25 , 2007 , they officially debuted on SBS ' Popular Songs , performing `` Rokuko '' and `` First Express '' with famous trot singer Bang Shilyi . The debut was also marked as Heechul 's comeback performance after his injury from a car accident that occurred in August 2006 .
`` Rokuko '' topped music charts three days after release . Two months later , the single topped Thailand-based music stations and remained in the same position for several weeks . By the end of 2007 , the single sold almost 46,000 copies and was Korea 's best-selling single of the year .
Two months later , Leeteuk , Shindong , and Eunhyuk were injured in a car accident , and all Super Junior-T 's schedules were completely canceled for two months . However , pre-recorded performances , such as the group 's parody Palace T , continued to air on television and their single continued to top music charts . Schedules resumed in June , but only lasted a month .
2008 : Performance tours and Japan
On April 29 , 2008 , it was announced that Super Junior-T would make a comeback later in the year with their second single . However , a fourth Super Junior sub-unit , Super Junior-Happy , debuted instead , putting Super Junior-T in partial hiatus . Nonetheless , Super Junior-T remained partially active throughout the year as they still appear as a group in Super Junior 's concert tour , Super Show and other similar functions . Despite the debut of Super Junior-Happy , a future full-length album is still in the works and is expected to arrive in the future . Super Junior-T 's latest appearance before the debut of Super Junior-Happy was on May 17 , 2008 , performing as the opening act at the 6th Korean Music Festival in Los Angeles , California .
On November 5 , 2008 , Super Junior-T re-released `` Rokuko '' , now titled `` ROCK & GO '' , in Japan . Presenting this project to the Japanese comedy duo Moeyan , who are skilled in combining comedy with song and dance , Super Junior-T hopes that the duo will help them localize the single into Japanese . The collaboration was the duo 's official debut as singers and Super Junior-T 's entrance in the Japanese market . The single debuted at # 19 on the Oricon Daily Charts and jumped to # 2 three days later . Super Junior-T and Moeyan held two mini concerts on the same release date as the single in the C.C . Lemon Hall at
Tokyo to promote the record .
2015 : `` Love at First Sight ''
In 2015 , Super Junior returned with special album Devil on July 16 to celebrate the group 's 10th anniversary . The album has a total of 10 tracks including the Track `` Love at First Sight '' . The track is partly classified by Super Junior-T and Kang Junwoo writing lyrics and composing for it .
The group made their comeback performance on the Korean music show M ! Countdown with the song `` Love at First Sight '' on July 16 , 2015 .
Image
Super Junior-T is well known for their parodies , such as the short miniseries Palace T , a parody of the popular Korean drama Princess Hours , which aired on the channel M.NET , as a part of Idol World .
Due to Super Junior-T 's active participance in trot music and their comedic appearances , the group gained outstanding attention from the older audience despite their well-known young idol images that was created for them in the main group Super Junior . Members of Super Junior-T explained that they wanted to change their idol appearance and hope that they would gain different fans from their new trot image .
Discography
Videography
References
External links
Super Junior-T Official Website
K-pop music groups
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in South Korea
South Korean boy bands
Super Junior subgroups
Trot groups
SM Entertainment artists
SM Town
South Korean dance music groups
Japanese-language singers of South Korea
Musical groups from Seoul
The following is a list of Women 's United Soccer Association stadiums . Included are the stadium names , dates of occupation , occupant , date of opening and location :
References
External links
( via archive.org )
Stadiums
w
Women 's United Soccer Association
Angela Maraventano ( born September 14 , 1964 ) is an Italian politician , senator of Northern League elected in Emilia-Romagna during the election of 2008 . She was deputy-mayor of Lampedusa from May 2007 to January 2009 .
References
External links
Videoportrait of Angela Maraventano by CorriereTV .
Profile at Italian Senate
1964 births
Living people
People from San Benedetto del Tronto
Members of the Senate of the Republic ( Italy )
The Utah Division of Public Utilities regulates the energy , telecommunications , gas and water companies located in Utah .
See also
Public Utilities Commission
External links
Utah Division of Public Utilities Website
Utah
State agencies of Utah
Public Service
The men 's 4x400 metres relay event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 24 and 25 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Heats
24 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 68 athletes from 16 countries participated in the event .
References
4 x 400 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Mendykara ( , ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Borovskoye . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Spur 342 is a state highway spur route located completely within the city of Galveston , Texas . Officially named Butterowe Boulevard , but mostly known by locals as 61st Street , it stretches across Galveston Island .
Route description
Spur 342 begins at an intersection with Seawall Boulevard on the Galveston Seawall in Galveston , Galveston County , heading north-northwest on 61st Street , a six-lane divided highway . From here , FM 3005 heads west on Seawall Boulevard . Spur 342 heads through commercial resort areas with some residences . After passing more businesses , the highway crosses Offats Bayou . A short distance later , Spur 342 comes to its northern terminus at an interchange with I-45 in a commercial area .
History
Spur 342 was designated onto its current alignment on September 26 , 1960 . It has remained there since .
Major intersections
References
342
Transportation in Galveston , Texas
Transportation in Galveston County , Texas
Operace Silver A is a Czech drama film directed by Jiří Strach , based on the military operation of the same name . It was released in 2007 .
Cast
Klára Issová – Hana Kroupová
Tatiana Vilhelmová – Tána Hladíková
Jiří Dvořák – Alfréd Bartos
Ivan Trojan – Frantisek Hladík
David Švehlík – Václav Kroupa
Miroslav Táborský – Arnost Kostál
Aleš Háma – Josef Valcík
Matěj Hádek – Jirí Potucek
Marek Taclík – Hubert Freylach
Viktor Preiss – Wilhelm Schultze
Jan Vondráček – Gerhard Clages
Jana Hlaváčová – Nohýnková
Taťjana Medvecká – Andela
Alois Švehlík – Kroupa
Dana Syslová – Kroupová
External links
2007 films
2007 drama films
2000s Czech-language films
Czech war drama films
Czech resistance to Nazi occupation in film
Czech television films
Czech Television original films
2000s war drama films
Czech World War II films
Films released in separate parts
2000s Czech films
María Soledad Martínez Pería is an economist who , as of 2020 , is Chief of the Macro-Financial Division of the Research Department of the International Monetary Fund . She obtained her PhD at the University of California , Berkeley and a Bachelor 's degree from Stanford University .
Career
Before joining the IMF , she worked at the Central Bank of Argentina , Brookings Institution , the Board of directors of the Federal Reserve System in Washington as well as the World Bank . At the World Bank , she was Research Manager of the Finance and Private Sector Development Team . Beyond policy work , she has also written extensively in academic journals and has published 35 papers .
Research
The research of Martínez Pería focuses on finance , international economics , and the international banking system . She specializes among other things in the role of bank financing for small and medium enterprises , currency and banking crises and depositor market discipline . Her most cited paper , joint with Michael Bordo , Barry Eichengreen and Daniela Klingebiel , analyzes over 120 years of banking , currency and sovereign debt crises to show that their impact on the economy has not increased . He researches has been cited more than 12000 times . Her research was quoted by Bloomberg and La Nación .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American women economists
University of California , Berkeley alumni
International Monetary Fund people
Stanford University alumni
The men 's 400 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 22 and 23 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria , British Columbia .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
References
400
1994
Hudavendigar may refer to :
Sultan Murad I
Hüdavendigâr Eyalet
Hüdavendigar , Karacabey , a village in the Karacabey district of Bursa Province
Hüdavendigâr Vilayet , successor entity of the above
the poetic name of Bursa , a Turkish city
Anna Sergeyevna Shibanova ( ; born 10 November 1994 ) is a Russian ice hockey defenseman and member of the Russian national team , currently serving as an alternate captain of Agidel Ufa in the Zhenskaya Hockey League ( ZhHL ) .
She has represented Russia at six IIHF Women 's World Championships , winning bronze medals at the tournaments in 2013 and 2016 , and won gold in the women 's ice hockey tournaments at the Winter Universiades in 2017 and 2019 .
Her twin sister Tatyana is also an ice hockey player .
International career
Shibanova was selected for the Russia women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . She played in all six games , recording two assists .
In December 2017 , Shibanova and seven other members of the 2014 Russian Olympic ice hockey squad were sanctioned for doping violations as part of the Oswald Commission . The team 's results were retroactively disqualified and the players banned for life by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) . All eight players filed appeals with the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) and the cases of five were overturned on appeal but violations were confirmed in the cases of Shibanova , Inna Dyubanok , and Galina Skiba and their disqualifications upheld , however , the lifetime ban from the Olympic Games was reduced to a ban from the 2018 Winter Olympics only .
Shibanova made three appearances for the Russia women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , with the first in 2010 .
Career statistics
International
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Omsk
Russian women 's ice hockey defencemen
HC Agidel Ufa players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Doping cases in ice hockey
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Sportspeople banned for life
Twin sportspeople
Twin people from Russia
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2019 Winter Universiade
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Mojtaba Moharrami ( , born 16 April 1965 ) is an Iranian former football player and now coach . He is current head coach of Persepolis Reserves .
Moharrami made 37 appearances for the Iran national football team . He was captain of Iran national football team at Asian Cup 1996 .
Regardless of the fact that he has been one of the best left-backs of Iranian football history , he is mostly known for his several controversial actions in different matches . In the infamous Persepolis–Esteghlal derby in 1993 , he was accused to be in the limelight of the brawl and was banned for three years . In his rare appearance in a live TV show in 2011 , he claimed that the punishment which ruined his career was too severe and unfair . He also was banned for a year for attacking referee Jamal Al Sharif during Iran–Japan match in 1992 Asian Cup . Despite his actions towards referees and opponents in the games , he has remained a popular figure in the Iranian football history and considered an icon . During Persepolis matches , whenever the crowd is not satisfied with referee 's decisions they chant Moharrami 's name to remind the referee that he would have been kicked if Moharrami were in the game .
Career statistics
International goals
Honours
Club
Persepolis
Asian Cup Winners ' Cup ( 1 ) : 1990–91
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 1992–93
Iranian Football League ( 1 ) : 1996–97
Runner-up ( 2 ) : 1991–92 , 1992–93
Qods League Runner-up ( 1 ) : 1989–90
Hazfi Cup ( 1 ) : 1991–92
Tehran Provincial League ( 3 ) : 1988 , 1989 , 1990
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 1991
Country
Iran
Asian Games Gold Medal ( 1 ) : 1990
References
External links
Living people
1965 births
Iranian footballers
Iran international footballers
Association football defenders
Persepolis F.C . players
Shahin FC players
Niroye Zamini players
Al-Arabi SC ( Qatar ) players
1988 AFC Asian Cup players
1992 AFC Asian Cup players
1996 AFC Asian Cup players
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1990 Asian Games
Footballers at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Qatar Stars League players
Church of Saint Nicetas in Banjane ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Свети Никита ) is a medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the village of Banjane , midway between this and the villages of Čučer-Sandevo and Gornjane ( thus it is also often referred to as Saint Nicetas in Čučer ) . The church and all the villages are a part of Čučer-Sandevo municipality , North Macedonia . The church nowadays belongs to the Skopje diocese of the Ohrid Archbishopric .
History
The monastery and church , dedicated to Saint Nicetas , was built by the Serbian king Milutin ca . 1300 on the ruins of a previous church . The monastery was donated by Milutin short after their construction to the Serb monastery Chilandar on Mount Athos . St Nicetas was thoroughly renovated in 1484 .
Architecture
Saint Nicetas has a simple cross-in-square base with a central come standing on pandantifs and four columns . The outer decoration is typically Byzantine , done in layers of stone and red brick . The nicest decoration is to be found on the wall of the apse .
Fresco paintings
The signature on the shield of St Theodore reveals that the church was painted by the famous Michael , son of Eutichios , the favorite court painter of King Milutin who painted many others of his churches as well ( for example Staro Nagoričane ) . The frescoes are well preserved and all date from around 1324 , except those in the dome which are from 19th century , done by the well-known Dimitar `` Dičo Zograf '' Krstević .
One of the reasons for their good condition was the renovation of 1484 done in an astonishingly modern manner by the group that fresco painted Treskavec Monastery ( 1483 ) , old katholikon of the Monastery of Great Meteoron ( 1483 ) and the church of St Nicholas of the Nun Eupraxia in Kastoria ( 1486 ) .
In the lowest section are represented life size figures of saints . In the middle section we see Christ 's miracles while in the upper parts of the church are representations of Passion . The inscriptions are in Greek and Church Slavonic of Serbian redaction .
Iconostasis
The iconostasis of the church was painted in 1846/47 by Dičo Zograf .
References
Čučer-Sandevo Municipality
Macedonian Orthodox churches
Byzantine church buildings in North Macedonia
Nemanjić dynasty endowments
Churches completed in 1307
Nikita Alekseevich Ignatyev ( , born 21 June 1992 in Novosibirsk , Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia ) is a Russian artistic gymnast . He is the 2015 European Games All-around bronze medalist .
Competitive history
Career
Ignatyev has started gymnastics since 1997 . In 2003 he moved to the town of Leninsk-Kuznetsky , training in the sports school for gymnastics . In 2010 he attended the Kuzbass State Pedagogical Academy and selected to be with the Russian team for men 's artistic gymnastics . He won the all-around at the 28th Gander Memorial in Morges , Switzerland .
In 2012 , Ignatyev was not selected to compete but was an alternate for the Russian men 's team for the 2012 London Olympics .
In 2013 , Ignatyev , alongside the Russian team ( Nikolai Kuksenkov , Emin Garibov , Denis Ablyazin and David Belyavskiy ) won Russia the team gold at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan .
On May 19–25 , 2014 , at the 2014 European Championships in Sofia . Ignatyev along with teammates ( Denis Ablyazin , Aleksandr Balandin , David Belyavskiy , Nikolai Kuksenkov ) won Russia the Team Event gold medal with a total score of 267.959 ahead of Great Britain .
At the 2014 World Championships in Nanning , Ignatyev also competed along teammates ( Denis Ablyazin , David Belyavskiy , Nikolai Kuksenkov , Daniil Kazachkov and Ivan Stretovich ) with Team Russia finishing 5th in the Team Final .
In June 2015 , Ignatyev competed in the 2015 European Games , winning gold in the Team Competition ( with teammates David Belyavskiy and Nikolai Kuksenkov ) . He qualified for the all-around ahead of teammate Nikolai Kuksenkov and won the all-around bronze . In apparatus finals , he won silver in Rings and silver in Horizontal Bar . He became the all-around champion at the Russian Cup in September .
Ignatyev was member the Russian men competing at the 2015 World Championships in Glasgow , together with teammates ( Denis Ablyazin , Ivan Stretovich , Nikolai Kuksenkov , Nikita Nagornyy and David Belyavskiy )
On May 25–29 , Ignatyev ( together with David Belyavskiy , Denis Ablyazin , Nikolai Kuksenkov and Nikita Nagornyy ) won Russia the Team gold at the 2016 European Championships . Ignatyev was initially named to the Olympic Team for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , but was replaced by Ivan Stretovich only a few days before the Games began .
In 2021 Ignatyev competed at the World Championships . He qualified for the All-Around final and finished 17 .
References
External links
Nikita Ignatyev FIG
Nikita Ignatyev Profile
Nikita Ignatyev Sports Bio
Nikita Ignatyev European Games Profile
Gymnastics Results
Russian male artistic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Novosibirsk
1992 births
Living people
Gymnasts at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in gymnastics
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games silver medalists for Russia
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
Universiade medalists in gymnastics
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
The 2017 season was T–Team 's 6th season in Liga Super since being promoted .
Sponsors
Title sponsor
Chicken Cottage
Shirt sponsor
Kobert
Official sponsors
Terengganu Incorporated
Competitions
Overview
{ | class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ''
|-
! rowspan=2|Competition
! colspan=8|Record
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Liga Super
|-
| Piala FA
|-
| Piala Malaysia
|-
! Total
Pre-season and friendlies
Liga Super
Matches
Source : Fixtures
League table
Piala FA
Piala Malaysia
Group stage
Statistics
Appearances
Correct as of match played on 28 October 2017
Top scorers
Correct as of match played on 28 October 2017
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .
Clean sheets
Correct as of match played on 28 October 2017
The list is sorted by shirt number when total clean sheets are equal .
Transfers
In
First window
Second window
Out
First window
Second window
References
Terengganu F.C . II
Malaysian football clubs 2017 season
Francis J. Morris ( December 5 , 1862 – February 12 , 1947 ) was a Newfoundland solicitor and politician .
Biography
Francis J. Morris was born in St. John 's , Newfoundland son of Catherine Fitzgerald and Edward Morris and brother of Edward P. Morris . Morris completed his schooling at Saint Bonaventure 's College . Enrolled as a solicitor on November 29 , 1886 he was called to the Bar of Newfoundland on November 21 , 1867 .
He married Mary Feehan in 1892 and they had one daughter .
Morris worked in the law firm Morris and Morris for many years and went on to become the solicitor for the St. John 's Municipal Council , a position he held for 24 years . In 1902 he was named to the King 's Counsel .
In the November 6 , 1889 Newfoundland general election , Morris ran for the Liberal Party in the two-member district of Harbour Main . Morris had defeated the incumbent Maurice Fenelon convincingly . Morris also won his second term in office in the 1893 election running in the same district of Harbour Main . In 1904 Morris was appointed as Speaker of the House , a position he held for the next four years even while his brother broke with the Bond government , resigned from the Cabinet and crossed the floor to sit with the opposition . Morris kept in political life until 1917 when he resigned from the House of Assembly to accept the appointment as Judge of the Central District Court .
Morris was very influential in his many non political pursuits ; he was a member of the Roman Catholic board of education for 28 years . During that time he was also a member of the board of governors for Saint Bonaventure 's College . Morris was also an avid sports fan and was a member of the St. John 's Regatta Committee for 38 years . He was also the first president of the Newfoundland Horseman 's Association . He chaired the recruiting committee for the Newfoundland Regiment from 1915 to 1918 and was awarded the Order of the British Empire in 1919 for his efforts .
Morris was also the founding member of the Catholic Cadet Corps and of the Academia Institute , and a lifelong member of the Benevolent Irish Society .
See also
List of people of Newfoundland and Labrador
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
1862 births
1947 deaths
Canadian Queen 's Counsel
Politicians from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
Speakers of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Canadian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Dominion of Newfoundland judges
Newfoundland Colony people
Dominion of Newfoundland politicians
Place of death missing
General elections were held in Nepal on 12 May 1986 to elect members of the Rastriya Panchayat . As political parties were banned at the time , all 1,548 candidates ran as independents . Voter turnout was 60.3 % .
Results
See also
List of members elected in the 1986 Nepalese general election
References
Nepal
1986 elections in Nepal
General elections in Nepal
General
Non-partisan elections
Nepal
Taman Melodies is a township located in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia . Taman Melodies is near to Taman Sentosa , Taman Suria and Taman Kebun Teh .
References
Johor Bahru
Townships in Johor
Fight or Flight , is the fifth studio album by American rock band Hoobastank released on September 11 , 2012 , delayed from prior July 31 , 2012 and August 28 , 2012 dates . Like their previous album , the album deals with relationships and love themes and it follows a more mainstream sound .
Overview
Produced by Gavin Brown , the album features eleven new studio tracks including first single , `` This Is Gon na Hurt . '' On May 3 , 2012 the band revealed the first single on their official website . The release of Fight or Flight marks the band 's newfound independence and the opportunity to move forward on their own terms . `` We 've been on this journey for a long time now , '' says singer Doug Robb . `` It 's like a clean slate , but not in a bad way—quite the opposite . We 're no longer trying to satisfy others , not even on a subconscious level ; we 're comfortable in our own skin . '' On July 11 , 2012 a tentative cover artwork was revealed in Hoobastank 's Facebook page , but on July 19 , 2012 it was changed for the definitive cover artwork .
Track listing
All songs written by Douglas Robb , Daniel Estrin , Chris Hesse , Jesse Charland .
Personnel
Hoobastank
Doug Robb - vocals , rhythm guitars
Daniel Estrin - lead guitars , ukulele
Chris Hesse - drums , percussion
Jesse Charland - bass , keyboards , backing vocals
'' 'Production
Steve Wood , Paul Geary - management
Gavin Brown - producer
Paul David Hager - mixing
Charts
References
2012 albums
Hoobastank albums
Albums produced by Gavin Brown ( musician )
The crimson-bellied woodpecker ( Campephilus haematogaster ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , Panama , and Peru .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Two subspecies are recognised :
C. h. haematogaster ( Tschudi , 1844 ) – central Colombia , eastern Ecuador to central Peru
C. h. splendens Hargitt , 1889 – Panama , western Columbia and northwestern Ecuador
The online edition of the Handbook of the Birds of the World treats C. h. splendens as a separate species , the splendid woodpecker ( Campephilus splendens ) .
References
crimson-bellied woodpecker
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
crimson-bellied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sam Perry was an American track and field athlete who held the world record for the 60 y sprint and who was twice United States champion at that event .
Track career
Perry ran for the Fordham University track team .
In 1965 , Perry , equalled the world record of 5.9 s for 60 yards of Bob Hayes whilst running for his college track team at the Millrose Games .
In 1963 and 1965 , Perry became national indoor champion at 60 y .
Accolades and awards
In 1977 , Perry was inducted into the hall of fame of the Fordham University Rams .
In 1995 , Perry 's old high school , Passaic High School , named their new track after him
Personal life
Perry was also a graduate of Columbia Law School .
In later life , Perry became an attorney and a city councilman in Passaic , New Jersey .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American male sprinters
Columbia Law School alumni
Fordham University alumni
New Jersey city council members
Passaic High School alumni
Sportspeople from Passaic , New Jersey
Track and field athletes from New Jersey
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
is a Nintendo DS role-playing video game and an enhanced remake of the 1990 Family Computer game , Final Fantasy III .
The game was developed by Matrix Software and marks the first time the game was released outside of Japan since its original launch .
A port was released for the iOS on March 24 , 2011 . It was followed by an Android port on March 12 , 2012 , a PlayStation Portable port in late September 2012 ( downloadable-only format outside Japan via PlayStation Network ) and a Microsoft Windows port via Steam in 2014 .
Plot
The original storyline of Final Fantasy III is retained with some of the changes being that the main characters are more fleshed out and are given unique appearances ( designed by Akihiko Yoshida ) , backstories , personalities and names :
who symbolizes courage , an adventurous orphan boy raised in the village of Ur ;
who symbolizes kindness , Luneth 's childhood best friend and a timid yet intelligent young man ;
who symbolizes affection , a girl raised in the village of Kazus who tires of her father 's blacksmith training and often runs away from home , and
who symbolizes determination , a loyal soldier serving the King of Sasune , with a ( mutual ) soft spot for the princess Sara .
Development
Following the failure to remake the game for the WonderSwan Color , and Square 's merger with former competitor Enix to form Square Enix in 2003 , the company posted assurance that the game 's promised remake would not be completely forgotten , and there was speculation that it might find its way to Sony 's PlayStation or Nintendo 's Game Boy Advance as its predecessors had . Square Enix considered porting the game to the PlayStation 2 , but was eventually convinced by Nintendo to develop the title for their new handheld system , the Nintendo DS , a decision that would later be positively reinforced by the commercial success of the Nintendo DS . The Final Fantasy III remake was first announced on October 24 , 2004 , but detailed information did not emerge for a year . Hiromichi Tanaka headed the project as both the executive producer and director . His guidance and supervision were needed because the remake was not a mere graphical update as Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy IIs remakes were , but a total overhaul using the Nintendo DS 's 3D capabilities . Along with 3D graphics , a full motion video opening scene was produced for the game , similar to those found in the ports of the 2D Final Fantasy games for the PlayStation . Programming was handled by developer Matrix Software .
The remake was produced by Tomoya Asano and co-developed by Square Enix and Matrix Software . Ryosuke Aiba ( Final Fantasy XI ) served as art director , and Akihiko Yoshida ( Final Fantasy XII ) redesigned the original characters for use in 3D , and designed the look of the new playable characters . The formerly generic and nameless party characters were replaced with more concrete characters with new personalities and background stories , and additional scenes were added to develop their individuality ; however , the main storyline was not altered significantly . Along with these four , additional characters ( called `` sub-characters '' ) also join the party temporarily , like in the original . Unlike the original , however , these characters may randomly participate in battle .
The remake features a redesigned job system , which rebalances the classes , adds new abilities and adds a new `` Freelancer '' class which replaces the `` Onion Knight '' as the default job at the beginning of the game ( Onion Knight is retained as a secret class ) . It also includes new events , a new crystal and dungeon , and the removal of capacity points . Unlike the original Famicom version , most of the jobs remain useful for the entire game . The ultimate jobs—the Ninja and the Sage—and some of the lesser-used jobs , like the Geomancer , were redesigned to have the same level of abilities as the Warrior . Another addition are special job-specific items available only if a character has fully mastered a certain job .
In place of capacity points , each character incurs a small temporary penalty for switching jobs . This penalty decreases the character 's statistics for the next zero to ten battles . This period is called a `` Job Transition Phase '' and its length is based on how similar the new job is to the old job , and how proficient the character already is at the new job .
The remake uses the Nintendo DS 's Wi-Fi to allow the player to send email to others and unlock sidequests . Players are also able to send mail to various characters in the game as well as to other players . An interruption-save option is also available that lets the player turn off the DS and continue when turning it back on . Like in the original , there is no way to make permanent saves while inside a dungeon .
The score was arranged for the Nintendo DS remake by Tsuyoshi Sekito and Keiji Kawamori , working under Uematsu 's supervision . The soundtrack was released as an album by NTT Publishing in 2006 as Final Fantasy III Original Soundtrack , with revamped versions of the tracks plus some additional tracks .
An iOS port of the DS remake was released on March 24 , 2011 on the App Store . Both the gameplay and graphics were improved , and the sound was remastered . However , the Mail/Mognet to other players was removed , with the Onion Knight job available via another quest .
An Android port of the iOS remaster was released in June 2012 on Google Play . A PlayStation Portable port of that same version was released on September 20 , 2012 , albeit in a downloadable-only format outside Japan where it was released later that month . In April 2013 , Square Enix released a high-definition port of the Android version for the Ouya console as a launch title . The Android version was also ported to Windows Phones on December 27 , 2013 , and an HD port of it was released for Steam on May 27 , 2014 .
Reception
The DS remake met with high sales . IGN notes that `` interest in FFIII should come as no surprise given ... the popularity of the DS . '' The game sold 500,000 units within the first week in Japan , beating Square Enix 's original prediction that they would only sell 350,000 . According to Enterbrain , by the end of 2006 the remake sold over 935,000 copies in Japan . As of August 6 , 2007 , the game has sold 990,000 units in Japan and 460,000 units in North America . As of August 8 , 2008 , it has sold 480,000 units in Europe . This adds up to total worldwide sales of 1.93 million units for the DS version , and 3.33 million units for the Famicom and DS versions combined , as of August 9 , 2008 . The PSP port sold over 80,000 copies in Japan by the end of 2012 .
Reviews of the DS remake of Final Fantasy III were mostly positive , with the game holding an aggregate score of 77 % on GameRankings . 1UP.com described the gameplay as `` an RPG for dedicated RPG enthusiasts , '' and noted that while the job system had been heavily improved over the original title , it still felt at times `` very limiting . '' The review however stated that it was important to remember Final Fantasy III as `` a slice of history and a missing piece of a blockbuster series , '' citing that `` hardcore RPG players '' may enjoy the title more than other Final Fantasy games and calling it `` one of the best portable RPGs to date . '' GameSpy argued that one 's enjoyment hinged `` entirely on your desire to play a game with decidedly archaic game mechanics that may seem primitive and uninviting '' compared to other recent Square Enix titles , noting the game was `` quite challenging '' and adding that `` some people live for this stuff , but others may be annoyed at the game 's often unfriendly nature . ''
GameTrailers noted that while the plot was simple and the party members generic , the game 's scenarios were `` top notch . '' It additionally noted that while players should expect to have to do some grinding , the game offers `` lots of little areas to explore . '' IGN described the game as one that may be `` amazingly frustrating for the now mainstream Final Fantasy fan , '' and noted that while the unique concept of the job system was one that `` simply blew gamers ' minds '' at the time , in the contemporary environment , comparing it to Final Fantasy XIIs license board system was `` literally no contest . '' The review additionally argued that the remake hampered the game , citing that battles that would take `` mere seconds to scroll through '' were now `` lengthened to nearly a minute . '' Another complaint was in the game 's presentation on the Nintendo DS , noting that the handheld 's top screen was inactive for `` 75 % of the game , '' and that even displaying only artwork on the screen during those periods would have been a preferable outcome . However IGN described the game as `` graphically phenomenal and ... set to a simply beautiful musical score . '' They also stated that the transition from 2D to 3D was `` a good call . ''
Notes
References
2006 video games
Android ( operating system ) games
Final Fantasy video games
IOS games
Japanese role-playing video games
Matrix Software games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo DS games
Role-playing video games
Video game remakes
Video games developed in Japan
Windows games
Jamie Marc Tardif ( born January 23 , 1985 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward . Tardif played briefly in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Boston Bruins appearing in two games .
Playing career
Tardif was drafted 112th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Calgary Flames . He played Junior with the Peterborough Petes of the Ontario Hockey League from 2001 to 2006 . Unsigned from the Flames , Tardif re-entered the 2005 NHL Entry Draft and was passed over .
In the 2006–07 season , Tardif made his professional debut signing with the Toledo Storm of the ECHL . Through the duration of the season Tardif signed professional try-out contracts with the Manitoba Moose and Iowa Stars before finishing out the season with the Grand Rapids Griffins .
On July 26 , 2007 , Tardif signed with the Griffins for the 2007–08 season . On April 15 , 2008 , after scoring 17 goals and 34 points , Jamie then signed a two-year entry level contract with the Griffins NHL affiliate , the Detroit Red Wings .
Jamie re-signed with the Red Wings on August 8 , 2010 to a two-way one-year contract .
On July 5 , 2011 , Tardif signed a two-year contract with the Boston Bruins . In the second year of his contract in the 2012–13 season , Tardif was recalled from the Bruins ' AHL affiliate in Providence and made his NHL debut in his hometown Toronto , in a 1-0 victory over the Maple Leafs on February 2 , 2013 . Tardif was promoted after an injury to Brad Marchand .
On August 5 , 2013 , Tardif signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with the Buffalo Sabres . After participating in the Sabres training camp he was assigned to AHL affiliate , the Rochester Americans , where he posted 18 goals and 37 points in 51 games in the 2013–14 season .
Tardif left the Sabres organization in the off-season and on July 10 , 2014 , signed his first contract abroad on a one-year deal with German club , Adler Mannheim of the DEL .
Tardif enjoyed three seasons with Adler Mannheim before leaving as a free agent to return to North America . Approaching the tail end of his playing career , Tardif signed an ECHL contract to be a player/assistant coach with the Quad City Mallards of the ECHL on August 31 , 2017 . In the 2017–18 season , Tardif contributed with 32 points in 53 games . He played injured in the last ever regular season game of the Mallards , who had earlier announced they would cease operations , and announced his retirement after 12 professional years on April 7 , 2018 .
Career statistics
Regular season and Playoffs
International
References
External links
1985 births
Adler Mannheim players
Boston Bruins players
Calgary Flames draft picks
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Grand Rapids Griffins players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Iowa Stars players
Living people
Manitoba Moose players
Peterborough Petes ( ice hockey ) players
Providence Bruins players
Quad City Mallards ( ECHL ) players
Rochester Americans players
Sportspeople from Welland
Toledo Storm players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Ihy is a god in ancient Egyptian mythology who represents the ecstasy of playing the sistrum . His name means `` sistrum player '' . This is in allusion to his relationship with the goddess Hathor who was often said to be his mother . Ihy 's symbols are the sistrum and a necklace . The name Ihy depicts the joy of playing the hand instrument by Hathor .
Other goddesses including Isis , Sekhmet , and Neith are also sometimes seen as his mothers in different legends . War deity Horus is Ihy 's father , but sometimes solar deity Ra is also seen as his father . Ihy was depicted as a naked child , with curly hair , wearing a necklace and holding a sistrum or as a nude child with his finger in his mouth . He was worshipped along with Horus and Hathor at Dendera .
Emperor Augustus prepared a maternity ward in the temple of Ihy 's mother , with pictures of Ihy 's birth and celebrations painted on the wall . Ihy is shown as the god of bread , beer , coffins , and the `` Book of the dead . ''
References
External links
Egyptian gods
Music and singing gods
Ingersley Hall , later Savio House , stands to the east of the town of Bollington , Cheshire , England . The house was built in about 1775 for John Gaskell . Extensions were added to it in 1833 for John Upton Gaskell . The house was sold by the Gaskell family in 1933 . In the 1950s it was taken over by a religious order , the Salesians of Don Bosco , and renamed Savio House . As of 2011 the house is used as a retreat and activities centre for young people . The front of the house is constructed in ashlar , with the remainder in coursed sandstone rubble . The house is roofed in Welsh slate and has stone chimneys . It has a rectangular plan and is in two storeys . The architectural style is Greek Revival . The north front is symmetrical with five bays divided by pilasters . The porch is in Doric style . The west front has eight bays , the central three of which were in the original house . All the windows in the north and west fronts are sashes with 12 panes . The south door is in Tuscan style , and was probably moved from the west front . The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building . Also listed at Grade II is a former coach house to the south of the hall , built in about 1850 , and converted into a conference hall in about 1950 .
See also
Listed buildings in Rainow
References
Further reading
External links
Savio House website
Houses completed in 1775
Houses completed in 1833
Country houses in Cheshire
Greek Revival houses in the United Kingdom
Grade II listed buildings in Cheshire
The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming was held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2012 , and re-elected Cynthia Lummis as the U.S. representative from the state 's at-large congressional district . The election coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices , including a quadrennial presidential election and an election to the U.S. Senate . A primary election was held on August 21 , 2012 .
Republican primary
Candidates
Cynthia Lummis , incumbent U.S. Representative
Primary results
Democratic primary
Candidates
Chris Henrichsen , political science professor at Casper College
Primary results
Minor parties
Candidates
Richard Brubaker ( L ) , truck driver
Daniel Cummings ( Constitution ) , physician
Don Wills ( Wyoming Country ) , software engineer and former chairman of the Libertarian Party of Wyoming
General election
Results
References
External links
Elections Division at the Wyoming Secretary of State
United States House of Representatives elections in Wyoming , 2012 at Ballotpedia
Wyoming U.S. House from OurCampaigns.com
Campaign contributions for U.S. Congressional races in Wyoming from OpenSecrets
Outside spending at the Sunlight Foundation
Campaign websites
Chris Henrichsen campaign website
Cynthia Lummis campaign website
Wyoming
2012
2012 Wyoming elections
General elections were held in Costa Rica on 5 February 1978 . Rodrigo Carazo Odio of the Unity Coalition won the presidential election , whilst his party also won the parliamentary election . Voter turnout was 81.3 % .
Carazo , a former congressman and former member of the National Liberation Party ( probably Costa Rica 's main political force ) , left the party several years before and created his own : Democratic Renovation , but a deeply split opposition on the 1974 election caused PLN 's easy victory . With that in mind , main leaders of the non-Marxist opposition started talks in order to present a unified candidature .
Eventually these talks came through and the main parties in the opposition at the right of the government achieved an agreement ; going into a primary election to choose the common nominee . Rodrigo Carazo faced wealthy industrial Miguel Barzuna winning by small margin . Even when some leaders left the coalition after this ( most notably Jorge Gonzalez Marten from the National Independent Party and former president Mario Echandi ) most of the leadership remained united . The Unity Coalition was created out of the joining of four parties : Carazo 's Democratic Renovation , former president José Joaquín Trejos ' People 's Union , Rafael Calderón Fournier ( son of Calderonist leader Rafael Calderón Guardia ) Republican Party and Dr. Jorge Arturo Monge 's Christian Democratic Party ( the smallest one of the coalition but the most ideologically coherent ) .
The Left also made a coalition ; the three main far-left parties at the Left of PLN ; Popular Vanguard , Costa Rican Socialist Party and Revolutionary People 's Movement made the United People coalition , nominating former PLN member and doctor Rodrigo Gutierrez . Gutierrez had no possibilities to be president but the coalition did help the Left having a higher voting than usual and a large group in Congress . For many historians this election marks the beginning of Costa Rica 's two-party system .
President
By province
Parliament
By province
Local governments
Ballot
References
1978 elections in Central America
1978 in Costa Rica
Elections in Costa Rica
Moffat County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 13,292 . The county seat is Craig . With an area of 4,751 square miles , it is the 2nd largest county by area in Colorado , behind Las Animas County .
Moffat County comprises the Craig , CO Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Steamboat Springs-Craig , CO Combined Statistical Area .
History
Displacement of the Native People
The first recorded humans in northwestern Colorado were the Ute tribes . The Spanish expedition of Dominguez-Escalante of 1776 reached just south of what would be Moffat County and noted the area and inhabitants , but did not offer detailed information . In the early 1820s , William H. Ashley organized a major expedition of trappers into the Green River area of the county beginning the first use of the area 's resources by Europeans . John C. Freemont would lead the first organized exploration of Moffat County on his return from California during his second expedition . His party crossed into the future Moffat County on 6 June 1844 .
Despite the encroachment by trappers , miners , and explorers , the Ute Treaty of 1868 ( a.k.a . The Kit Carson Treaty ) and the Brunot Treaty of 1873 identified northwestern Colorado as part of the Ute nation and 'agencies ' were established to act as representatives of the U.S. government within the Ute Nation . In 1879 , a new agent , Nathan Meeker , was appointed to serve at the White River Agency in northwestern Colorado . Meeker had founded a Christian-based European agricultural colony in 1870 in eastern Colorado and had strong ideas of how a community should be structured . As the 'Indian Agent ' he felt compelled to change the nomadic lifestyle of the Ute Indians and attempted to 'civilize ' them by converting them into farmers . His efforts to impose a agricultural lifestyle on the native people created a conflict that ultimately led to the murder of Meeker and all of the staff at the Agency . The U.S. government 's reaction to the massacre resulted in the relocation of most of the Ute tribes to Utah by force . After the removal of the Ute tribes , the U.S. government opened up northwestern Colorado for mining , commercial cattle ranching , and homesteading .
Northwestern Colorado County Reorganizations of Territory/State
In 1861 , the Colorado Territory was organized and northwestern Colorado became Summit County . In 1874 , Grand County was created out of the northern half of Summit County , and in 1877 , Grand County was further subdivided , creating Routt County . It would be another 34 years before Moffat County would be carved out of the western portion of Routt County . The county was named for David H. Moffat , a Colorado tycoon who died in 1911 .
Development and Growth
David Moffat had been the primary force driving the establishment of a railroad from Denver to Salt Lake City . He established the Denver , Northwestern & Pacific Railway , and attempted to build a route from Denver to Salt Lake City . Construction on the 'Moffat Road ' track began in the early 1900s but it faced constant delays and challenges . It finally reached Moffat County in 1913 , ending in the town of Craig . The railroad was important for cattle ranchers in Moffat County 's early years ; however , the track was never extended into Utah . In 1934 , another more direct route was established to Salt Lake City , and Moffat County remained a branch line and never part of the main commerce rail artery between Denver and Salt Lake City .
In the 1920s , U.S. 40 , a major cross-country highway , began construction . The route selected put Moffat County , and the County Seat of Craig on the 'Victory Highway ' and almost exactly halfway between Denver and Salt Lake City . In 1938 , the final section over the Rocky Mountains was completed and paved , with the exception of Rabbit Ears Pass in Routt County . That section would was paved before 1950 . This expanded Craig 's economy by adding lodging and tourism . Unfortunately , Moffat County was excluded from the initial Interstate Highway System plans as I-80 was routed through southern Wyoming and I-70 was planned to end in Denver and not cross the Rocky Mountains . Then Colorado Governor and former Moffat County resident , Edwin C. Johnson lobbied for I-70 to continue through Denver and connect to Salt Lake City . Eventually , the federal highway agency approved I-70 to continue through Colorado but routed it through Grand Junction , Colorado , and leaving Moffat County as a secondary highway isolated between the two main east/west Interstate arteries .
The population in Moffat County stabilized at just over 5,000 people by the first census in 1920 ; however , remained stagnant until the 1970s when construction of three coal-fired electrical power plants began . Those three plants are now scheduled to be closed in 2025 , 2028 , and 2030 , respectively creating a severe impact on the County 's economy . Beyond the energy industries , Moffat County 's ranching , agricultural , and tourism industries round out its primary economy . The 2020 census data has the population at almost the same as the post-power plant boom in the 1980s at 13,292 people . The 2021 estimated about 100 fewer people in the county .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water . It is the second-largest county by area in Colorado .
Adjacent counties
Routt County – east
Rio Blanco County – south
Uintah County , Utah – west
Daggett County , Utah – west
Sweetwater County , Wyoming – north
Carbon County , Wyoming – north
Major highways
U.S. Highway 40
State Highway 13
State Highway 317
State Highway 318
State Highway 394
Wyoming Highway 70
National protected areas
Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge
Dinosaur National Monument
Routt National Forest
White River National Forest
Yampa River State Park
Scenic byway
Dinosaur Diamond Prehistoric Highway National Scenic Byway
Summit
Cold Spring Mountain
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,184 people , 4,983 households , and 3,577 families residing in the county . The population density was 3 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 5,635 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 93.61 % White , 0.21 % Black or African American , 0.88 % Native American , 0.33 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 3.17 % from other races , and 1.77 % from two or more races . 9.46 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,983 households , out of which 38.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.70 % were married couples living together , 8.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 23.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.05 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.50 % under the age of 18 , 8.60 % from 18 to 24 , 29.90 % from 25 to 44 , 23.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females , there were 107.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 106.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,528 , and the median income for a family was $ 45,511 . Males had a median income of $ 37,288 versus $ 22,080 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,540 . About 6.90 % of families and 8.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 8.30 % of those under age 18 and 9.30 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
City
Craig
Town
Dinosaur
Census-designated place
Maybell
Other unincorporated places
Blue Mountain
Elk Springs
Greystone
Hamilton
Lay
Loyd
Massadona
Slater
Sunbeam
Politics
Moffat is a Republican county in Presidential elections . No Democratic presidential candidate has carried Moffat County since Lyndon Johnson 's 1964 landslide , and indeed no Democrat post-1964 has obtained even forty percent of the county 's vote . Moffat was one of fifteen counties ( two in Colorado ) to give a plurality to Ross Perot in the 1992 election , but every other Republican candidate since 1968 has obtained an absolute majority in Moffat County .
In gubernatorial elections , Moffat County has also generally been Republican , but was nonetheless carried by Democrat Roy Romer by a narrow margin in 1990 – when he carried all but four counties statewide – by Dick Lamm in 1982 and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010 . In senatorial elections , the Republican candidate has consistently garnered over sixty percent of Moffat County voters since future party-switcher Ben Nighthorse Campbell won the county for the Democratic Party in 1992 .
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Moffat County , Colorado
References
External links
Dinosaur National Monument
Colorado County Evolution , by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1911 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1911
Jukot used to be a VDC in Bajura District . Now it is the part of Swamikartik Rural Municipality of Sudurpashchim Province , Nepal .
Now Jukot VDC is ward no . 3 of Swamikartik Rural Municipality . This VDC has 597 household with population of 3,230 of which 1,617 are female and 1,613 are male .
People residing here belongs to Chhetri , Kami , Brahmin , Damai , Sarki , Limbu etc . It is one of the remote place of Bajura District .
Populated places in Bajura District
Village development committees ( Nepal )
The Bon Aqua Springs Historic District near Bon Aqua , Tennessee is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 . The listing included six contributing buildings , seven contributing structures , and a contributing site .
It was developed as a mineral springs resort , the Bon Aqua Springs Spa , located southeast of the unincorporated community of Bon Aqua . The district includes remnants of the resort , including houses , spring houses , a cottage , a corn crib , bridges , a dam , a swimming pool , and a reservoir .
References
Springs of Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Hickman County , Tennessee
The Doniphan County Courthouse , located in Courthouse Square in Troy , is the seat of government of Doniphan County , Kansas . The courthouse was built from 1905 to 1906 and was the fourth courthouse in the county . Architect George P. Washburn , who designed several courthouses in the state , designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style . The red brick building has a limestone base , and the building 's north and south entrances feature limestone porches . The courthouse features circular towers at each corner and a decagonal cupola at the center of the building . The top floor of the building features arched windows connected by a band of stone .
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 15 , 1974 . The courthouse is also included in the Doniphan County Courthouse Square Historic District , which is also on the National Register .
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Romanesque Revival architecture in Kansas
Government buildings completed in 1906
Buildings and structures in Doniphan County , Kansas
County courthouses in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Doniphan County , Kansas
1906 establishments in Kansas
The Georgia Rugby Union ( GRU ) is the Local Area Union ( LAU ) for rugby union teams in the U.S. state of Georgia and other parts of the Southeastern United States . The GRU is part of USA Rugby . It is a non-profit organization and is the primary overseeing body for the promotion of rugby union in the region . The GRU has been in existence since perhaps as early as 1978 .
The GRU is divided into four divisions : Senior Men , Senior Women , College Men , and College Women . The union includes clubs from across Georgia .
References
Related links
Georgia Rugby Union Officials
Atlanta Old White Rugby Football Club
High Country Rugby Football Club
Atlanta Renegades RFC
Savannah Shamrocks – a member club of the GRU
Exiles RFC - a member club of the GRU
Augusta Rugby Football Club
All member clubs
Georgia Rugby Union
Rugby union governing bodies in the United States
The 14th U-boat Flotilla ( German 14 . Unterseebootsflottille ) was a short-lived unit of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
The flotilla was formed on 15 December 1944 in Narvik , Norway , under the command of Kapitänleutnant Helmut Möhlmann . It was disbanded in May 1945 when Germany surrendered .
Assigned U-boats
Eight U-boats were assigned to this flotilla during its service .
References
14
Military units and formations of the Kriegsmarine
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Avşar is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
It Would Be You is the second studio album by American country music singer Gary Allan . It was released on May 19 , 1998 , as his last studio album for the Decca Records Nashville label . After that album 's release , Decca Records Nashville closed , so Gary Allan signed contracts with MCA Records Nashville . The album produced three singles with the title track , `` No Man in His Wrong Heart '' , and `` I 'll Take Today '' . The title track was Allan 's second Top 10 hit on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at number 7 .
Content
`` No Judgement Day '' , the final track on this album , is a hidden track . Written by Allen Shamblin , this song is based on the true story of a restaurant owner in Texas who was murdered by a former employee and two accomplices in search of money .
Just like Allan 's previous album , several songs on this album were originally recorded by other artists . `` Do n't Leave Her Lonely Too Long '' was written by Marty Stuart , whose original recording ( from his 1990 album Hillbilly Rock ) was a number 42 hit on the country charts in 1989 . `` She Loves Me ( She Does n't Love You ) '' was originally recorded by Conway Twitty , and later by George Strait on his 1990 album Livin ' It Up . In addition , the single `` I 'll Take Today '' was originally recorded by Tanya Tucker on her 1994 album Fire to Fire , and by Ty England on his 1996 album Two Ways to Fall . `` Forgotten but Not Gone '' was originally a single for Keith Palmer in 1991 .
Track listing
Personnel
Gary Allan - lead vocals
Chad Cromwell - drums
Dan Dugmore - steel guitar
Glen Duncan - fiddle
Paul Franklin - steel guitar
Jake Holder - electric guitar solo
John Barlow Jarvis - Hammond organ , piano
Jake Kelly - acoustic guitar
B. James Lowry - 9-string acoustic guitar , acoustic guitar
Steve Nathan - Hammond organ , piano , synthesizer , Wurlitzer
Michael Rhodes - bass guitar
Tom Roady - percussion
Brent Rowan - electric guitar , tic tac bass
Rivers Rutherford - acoustic guitar
John Wesley Ryles - background vocals
Hank Singer - fiddle
Harry Stinson - background vocals
Dennis Wilson - background vocals
Curtis Young - background vocals
Charts
References
1998 albums
Gary Allan albums
Decca Records albums
Albums produced by Byron Hill
Albums produced by Mark Wright ( record producer )
Annulobalcis cicatricosa is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae .
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1981
`` Firewall '' is the twenty-third episode and season finale of the first season of the American television drama series Person of Interest . It is the 23rd overall episode of the series and is written by Greg Plageman & Jonathan Nolan and directed by Richard J. Lewis . It aired on CBS in the United States and on CTV in Canada on May 17 , 2012 .
Plot
Finch ( Michael Emerson ) calls Carter ( Taraji P. Henson ) , asking her to help Reese ( Jim Caviezel ) . However , she is debriefed by Agent Donnelly ( Brennan Brown ) on their newest information : they 've managed to locate Reese , who is seen escorting a woman in the streets .
A day ago , Reese and Finch receive a new number : Caroline Turing ( Amy Acker ) , a psychologist . Reese begins surveillance on her by posing as a patient . Meanwhile , Fusco ( Kevin Chapman ) is summoned by HR and meets with councilman Larsson ( Wayne Duvall ) and Officer Patrick Simmons ( Robert John Burke ) , who state that they will work in a murder for hire . An anonymous client assigned them to kill Turing and Fusco is notified to obstruct any investigation from the NYPD .
Reese gets in contact with Zoe Morgan ( Paige Turco ) , who manages to get him information regarding any threat against Turing . Reese saves Turing from being killed by assailants in the street and takes her to a hotel for safety . His face is detected by the cameras and the FBI conduct an investigation and strike team to catch Reese . The hotel is surrounded by FBI operatives looking for Reese as well as HR members looking for Turing . With the help from Carter ( Taraji P. Henson ) , Reese and Turing manage to evade the corps . While Finch assists in hacking the system , Alicia Corwin ( Elizabeth Marvel ) breaks into the Library .
Zoe interrogates one of the threats and finds that the person was blackmailed to act as a threat to Turing by an unknown benefactor . Reese manages to get Turing to escape the hotel through a water plant to reach Finch while he holds the HR shooters . Carter and Fusco arrive and help him chase HR in a high speed chase but Reese uses a detonator he hid earlier to explode HR 's car . Finch waits for Turing in his car when he is confronted at gunpoint by Corwin , who demands him to shut down the Machine .
Suddenly , Corwin is shot in the head by Turing . Just as Zoe sneaks into Turing 's office , her records are getting deleted , discovering that Turing is in fact `` Root '' . Root was the person who hired HR to plan her own murder , which would make her a person of interest , as the real target was Finch . Reese arrives at Finch 's location only to find Corwin 's corpse . Fusco manages to send evidence to the NYPD about HR , managing the arrest of the mole inside the corp. Reese goes to a public surveillance camera , talking directly to the Machine , asking it to help him find Finch . A payphone rings nearby and Reese answers it .
Production
Writing
Co-writer and executive producer Greg Plageman deemed the scene where Root psychoanalyzes Reese as the toughest scene he ever wrote , saying `` Both characters are lying about their true identity while trying to elicit personal information about the other . The fact that Root manages to hit so close to home about Reese 's true nature is as fun as it is unsettling for him . And it 's even more fun to watch in hindsight when you realize who she really is . ''
Reception
Viewers
In its original American broadcast , `` Firewall '' was seen by an estimated 13.47 million household viewers and gained a 2.5/7 ratings share among adults aged 18–49 , according to Nielsen Media Research . This was a 4 % increase in viewership from the previous episode , which was watched by 12.96 million viewers with a 2.6/7 in the 18-49 demographics . With these ratings , Person of Interest was the most watched show on CBS for the night beating The Mentalist , and Rules of Engagement , second on its timeslot and fourth for the night in the 18-49 demographics , behind Grey 's Anatomy , a rerun of The Big Bang Theory , and American Idol .
Critical reviews
`` Firewall '' received mostly positive reviews from critics . Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a `` great '' 8.5 out of 10 and wrote , `` 'Firewall ' was exciting , sure . And it felt like a lot of things were converging/culminating on an FBI hunt/HR level . But I think the biggest thing it had going for it , aside from the 'Root ' reveal at the end , was Fusco and Carter finally finding out that they 're both on the same side . In many respects , this first season was an exercise in team-building ; creating a full pre-crime fighting support system while also enriching the bond between Reese and Finch . Now they can head into Season 2 as more of a force . ''
Phil Dyess-Nugent of The A.V . Club gave the episode a `` B+ '' grade and wrote , `` Person Of Interest has devoted some of its recent episodes to humanizing Reese and Finch by revealing what shame they keep bottled up inside and what losses they 've suffered , and while some of this has been effective , the show might be bloodless and ice-cold if it were n't for the characters on the margins , who are n't as free of doubt and technical perfection as its heroes . Few series characters have been introduced in as imperfect form as Kevin Chapman 's Fusco , but over the course of the season , he 's grown from a singularly charmless , one-dimensional corrupt cop into a man relearning how good it feels to do good , and in the process , turned into the heart of the show . ''
References
External links
`` Firewall '' at CBS
`` Firewall '' at TV Guide
Person of Interest ( TV series ) episodes
2012 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Jonathan Nolan
Thomas Haynes was a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses , the elected lower house of the colonial Virginia General Assembly , from Warwick County , from 1736 to 1740 .
Notes
References
Stanard , William G. and Mary Newton Stanard . The Virginia Colonial Register . Albany , NY : Joel Munsell 's Sons Publishers , 1902. , Retrieved July 15 , 2011 .
Tyler , Lyon Gardiner , ed . 'Encyclopedia of Virginia Biography ' . Volume 1 . New York , Lewis Historical Publishing Company , 1915. . Retrieved February 16 , 2013 .
People from Warwick County , Virginia
Virginia colonial people
House of Burgesses members
Senator Evans may refer to :
Members of the United States Senate
Daniel J. Evans ( born 1925 ) , U.S . Senator from Washington from 1983 to 1989
George Evans ( American politician ) ( 1797–1867 ) , U.S . Senator from Maine from 1841 to 1847
Josiah J. Evans ( 1786–1858 ) , U.S . Senator from South Carolina from 1853 to 1858
United States state senate members
Abel John Evans ( 1852–1939 ) , Utah State Senate
Alonzo H. Evans ( 1820–1907 ) , Massachusetts State Senate
Cheryl A . Gray Evans ( born 1968 ) , Louisiana State Senate
Clement A. Evans ( 1833–1911 ) , Georgia State Senate
David Ellicott Evans ( 1788–1850 ) , New York State Senate
David H. Evans ( 1837–1920 ) , New York State Senate
George S. Evans ( 1826–1883 ) , California State Senate
Henry H. Evans ( 1836–1917 ) , Illinois State Senate
James Evans ( Utah politician ) ( fl . 2010s ) , Utah State Senate
John Evans ( Idaho governor ) ( 1925–2014 ) , Idaho State Senate
Joseph P. Evans ( 1835–1889 ) , Virginia State Senate
Kenneth A. Evans ( 1898–1970 ) , Iowa State Senate
Marcellus H. Evans ( 1884–1953 ) , New York State Senate
Noreen Evans ( born 1955 ) , California State Senate
Walter Evans ( American politician ) ( 1842–1923 ) , Kentucky State Senate
See also
James Edgar Evins ( 1883–1954 ) , Tennessee State Senate
Krasdale Foods is an independent grocery wholesaler which supplies more than 7,000 products to food retailers , mostly in the New York City metropolitan area . The company owns private label foods and items such as frozen pizza , ice cream , ice cream pops , napkins , cream cheese , bagels , milk , etc .
Abraham Krasne founded the company as A. Krasne Inc. in 1908 . Krasdale Foods adopted its current company name in 1972 . The same year , Krasdale moved to their current location in Hunts Point , Bronx .
From Krasdale Foods ' distribution center in the Bronx , the company offers Krasdale-labeled , private-label , and regional brands , as well as ethnic and specialty food items .
Krasdale Foods is headquartered in White Plains , New York . It supplies regional chains , such as Bravo and C-Town Supermarkets , as well as single-location grocery stores .
External links
C-Town homepage
Bravo Supermarkets
Krasdale Foods homepage
Food and drink companies of the United States
Companies based in White Plains , New York
American companies established in 1908
Food and drink companies established in 1908
1908 establishments in New York ( state )
Abay ( , , اباي اۋدانى ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Karaul ( ) . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
The Symphony in C major , WWV 29 , from 1832 is the only completed symphony of Richard Wagner .
Wagner also started in 1834 an incomplete symphony in E major ( WWV 35 ) , of which only the first movement and part of the second movement exist . The symphony was heavily influenced by Beethoven 's symphonies from its form and orchestration .
Form
The Symphony in C major is in four movements :
The performance time is approximately 35 minutes .
Instrumentation
The symphony is scored for 2 flutes , 2 oboes , 2 clarinets in C , 2 bassoons , contrabassoon , 4 horns in C , 2 trumpets in C , 3 trombones , timpani and strings .
Composition
According to Wagner himself , in a letter to a friend , he composed the symphony in the brief space of six weeks at the beginning of the summer of 1832 . The composition shows the influence of the symphonies of Ludwig van Beethoven ( especially nos . 3 , 5 and 7 ) and also of the late symphonies of Mozart . The orchestration is in the style of Weber and Beethoven . According to Emanuel Overbeeke the work shows the composer 's inexperience ( he was 19 years old when writing it ) , in particular in the so-called diffuseness of the first and second movements . For John Deathridge , on the other hand , the symphony , albeit unoriginal in its Beethovenian style , evinces a technical assurance proving the ability of its young author .
Early performances
The symphony was performed in rehearsal by a student orchestra at the Prague Conservatory in November 1832 , conducted by Dionys Weber , with Wagner in attendance . It received its first public performance on 15 December , at the Euterpe music society in Leipzig , conducted by Wagner 's early teacher , Christian Gottlieb Müller . Clara Wieck described the performance in a letter to her future husband Robert Schumann dated 17 December 1832 :
The second public performance was at the Leipzig Gewandhaus on 10 January 1833 , as part of the annual subscription concerts . The work received another performance at Würzburg on 27 August 1833 .
The score was subsequently thought to have been lost after Wagner presented it to Felix Mendelssohn in 1836 ( see below ) , but the parts from the Prague performance were found in Dresden in 1877 in a trunk which had been left behind by Wagner when he fled the city in 1849 . The work was performed again at Christmas 1882 , two months before Wagner 's death , for the birthday of Wagner 's wife Cosima at the La Fenice theatre in Venice ; it was conducted by Wagner and by Engelbert Humperdinck . Wagner made several revisions to the full score for the performance . In a subsequent `` Essay on the Revival of Youthful Works '' he wrote : `` If there is anything at all in this work which shows the mark of Richard Wagner , it is the fact that it is not polluted by the hypocritical stance which was to appear later and which Germans find very difficult to get the better of , and the fact that , from the outset , he remained true to himself and was unwilling to be deflected from his proper course . ''
Mendelssohn and Wagner 's Symphony
The same 1882 essay contains a passage in which Wagner implies that Mendelssohn had tried to deliberately suppress the Symphony . The score had in fact been given by Wagner to Mendelssohn as a gift , as is demonstrable from a letter written by Wagner on 11 April 1836 ; Wagner perhaps had a grievance that Mendelssohn had not subsequently conducted it . In 1874 Wagner told Cosima that he thought Mendelssohn had destroyed the score `` perhaps because he detected in it a talent which was disagreeable to him . '' This invention was of a piece with Wagner 's antisemitic attitude to Mendelssohn .
Piano duet version
Fragments exist of a piano duet version of the Symphony in Wagner 's hand , probably prepared in 1832 or 1833 . Most of the first movement is in the Stefan Zweig Collection at the British Library ; other movements are at the Library of Congress in Washington DC .
External links
References
Sources
Deathridge , John ( 2008 ) , Wagner : Beyond Good and Evil , Berkeley : University of California Press .
Millington , Barry ( ed . ) ( 2001 ) , The Wagner Compendium ( revised edition ) , London : Thames & Hudson .
Newman , Ernest ( 1976 ) , The Life of Richard Wagner , Vol.1 : 1813-1848 , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Overbeeke , Emanuel ( 2012 ) , `` Richard Wagner : Symphonies in C and E / Huldigungsmarsch /Kaisermarsch / Overture to ‘ Rienzi ' '' , in CD booklet accompanying recording of the Symphony by Chandos Records , 6–9 . Retrieved 22 November 2012 .
Searle , Arthur ( 1999 ) , The British Library Stefan Zweig Collection : Catalogue of the Music Manuscripts , London : The British Library .
Compositions by Richard Wagner
Wagner Symphony in C
Stefan Zweig Collection
1832 compositions
Compositions in C major
Beautiful Ruin is an EP by American metalcore band Converge . it was released on June 29 , 2018 , via Epitaph and Deathwish . It consists of four tracks that were recorded during the sessions for The Dusk in Us . It was produced by Converge guitarist Kurt Ballou and features artwork created by the band 's singer Jacob Bannon .
Background
On November 3 , 2017 , Converge released their ninth album The Dusk in Us . Recorded during the spring of 2017 , 18 songs were written and recorded for the album , but only 13 made it onto the album . One of the five non-album tracks , `` Eve '' was released as a b-side to the album 's lead single `` I Can Tell You About Pain '' .
Guitarist Kurt Ballou stated that the band is positive about releasing the remaining four tracks at some point : `` We all disagreed about what the strongest songs were , and which songs made for the best record . I think we 're all equally unhappy with what ended up on the album . It was a compromise . Some of the songs on that album are actually some of the weakest ones that we recorded , and some of the ones that are n't on the album are the strongest . We 're just not exactly sure how we 're going to release them yet . Whether it 's B-sides , or an EP , we do n't know yet . ''
Release and promotion
On June 28 , 2018 , the band uploaded a short series of images to their Instagram page , which together assemble the EP 's cover art , with the EP 's title being alluded to in the hashtags . A day later , on June 29 , the EP was officially released via Epitaph and Deathwish , along with a music video for the song `` Melancholia '' , directed by Tony Wolski .
Track listing
Personnel
* Identical to the credits of The Dusk in Us , considering all the tracks are outtakes from that album .
Converge
Jacob Bannon – vocals
Kurt Ballou – guitars , bass , backing vocals
Nate Newton – bass , guitar , backing vocals
Ben Koller – drums , percussion
Recording personnel
Kurt Ballou – producer , engineer , mixing
Robert Cheeseman – assistant engineer
Alex Garcia-Rivera – drum tech
Alan Douches – mastering
Artwork and design
Jacob Bannon – artwork , design and illustrations
References
External links
Official Converge website
Beautiful Ruin at Deathwish Inc .
2018 EPs
Converge ( band ) albums
Albums produced by Kurt Ballou
Epitaph Records EPs
Deathwish Inc. EPs
Heartland is a comic book one-shot published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in March 1997 . It was written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Steve Dillon . It is a spin-off from the Hellblazer comic book series , and features the character of Kit Ryan , a longtime supporting character in that series . Although Heartland is technically a spin-off of Hellblazer , the central character of that series , John Constantine , makes no appearance .
Plot
Kit Ryan is a girl from Northern Ireland who was once romantically linked with the sorcerer and `` occult detective '' John Constantine . In the aftermath of her breakup with Constantine , and upon hearing that her father has died , Kit returns home to Belfast . It is soon revealed that her father had been an alcoholic who was both physically and mentally abusive , and whose passing has stirred up a host of family dramas into which Kit finds herself thrust once more . When the boyfriend of Kit 's sister Bernadette makes an unsubtle pass at Kit , even more sibling rivalry and Eugene O'Neill-esque tensions come to the surface .
Although a Hellblazer spin-off , there is no hint of magic or the occult in Heartland . These minor but comparatively realistic family dramas are played out against the background of regular city life in the 1990s Belfast .
Other version
Heartland was also the title of the story published in issue # 70 of the Hellblazer comic , again written by Garth Ennis with art by Steve Dillon . Like the later one-shot , the story features Kit Ryan , returning home to Northern Ireland after her break-up with John Constantine . As such , it serves as something of a prequel to the later Heartland one-shot . The issue was published in collected form in the Tainted Love collection .
Collected editions
Heartland is collected along with issues 78 to 83 of Hellblazer as Rake at the Gates of Hell ( ) .
Awards
Heartland was nominated for the 1997 Haxtur Award for `` Best Short Comic Strip '' .
Notes
References
Heartland at the Big Comic Book DataBase
1997 comics debuts
Fantasy comics
Hellblazer
World Skate Asia formerly known as Confederation of Asia Roller Sports ( CARS ) is the main roller skating organization of Asia . World Skate Asia is part of the World Skate . Varieties of skating governed by the WS include :
Inline Downhill
Roller hockey
Inline hockey
Inline speed skating
One of the most important events organized by CARS is the Roller Hockey Asia Cup .
Asian Roller Sports Championship
Asian Roller Sports Championship is one of the biggest event in Asian Region For Roller Sport , it started in 1985 , it is held every 2 years . The Confederation of Asia Roller Sports ( CARS ) is the main roller skating organization of Asia . The CARS are part of the International Roller Sports Federation , or FIRS . Varieties of skating governed by the CARS include :
Speed Skating
Freestyle Skating
Artistic Roller Skating
Roller Hockey
Inline hockey
One of the most important events organized by CARS is the Roller Hockey Asia Cup and Inline Hockey Asia Cup .
Championships
See also
Asian Roller Sports Championships
Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports
World Skate
Roller sport
Inline skating
World Roller Speed Skating Championships
External links
Confederation of Asia Roller Sports ( CARS )
Describes organization : FIRS Organizational chart
Confederation of Asia Roller Sports ( CARS )
About Roller Sports India
Home of Artistic Inline Figure Skates
Roller Sports
Sports governing bodies in Asia
Roller skating organizations
Roller hockey in Asia
The Rugby Union of Slovenia ( ) is the governing body for rugby in Slovenia . It oversees the various national teams and the development of the sport .
Leadership
See also
Rugby union in Slovenia
Slovenia national rugby union team
External links
Rugby Union of Slovenia
Slovenia at World Rugby
Rugby union in Slovenia
Sports governing bodies in Slovenia
Slovenia
Sports organizations established in 1988
1988 establishments in Slovenia
Upper Pocosin is an unincorporated community in Greene County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Luke Dahlhaus ( born 21 August 1992 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club and Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . He received a nomination for the 2011 AFL Rising Star award in round 21 of the 2011 season . Dahlhaus was a member of the Bulldogs team that won the premiership in 2016 , the Bulldogs ' first in 62 years .
Early career
Described as a `` very strong and quick small forward who picks up possessions almost at will '' , as well as `` a good stoppage player '' , Dahlhaus began playing football with his local team Leopold in the Geelong Football League . He was also selected to play for the Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup youth competition , where he spent two seasons and played 27 games . In the 2010 TAC Cup , Dahlhaus averaged 21 disposals and six tackles per game , and was the leading tackler in the competition . He also represented Victoria Country at the under-18 national championships , and finished third in the Morrish Medal count with 18 votes . He was rewarded for his hard work by being named in the TAC Cup Team of the Year . Later in the year he broke the record for agility at the state screening .
AFL career
The Western Bulldogs selected Dahlhaus with their pick number 22 in the 2011 AFL Rookie Draft , and was assigned the guernsey number 40 . He started the season playing for affiliate club Williamstown in the reserves side , but was soon promoted to the senior side , with coach Peter German noting his aggression and enthusiasm .
After playing a handful of promising games for Williamstown , coupled with significant injury worries , the Bulldogs promoted Dahlhaus from the rookie list and named him as the substitute player in the match against St Kilda in Round 12 at Etihad Stadium . The Bulldogs lost the game , but Dahlhaus showed much promise in the limited game time he was given . He gathered nine disposals and showed some dash with his run-and-carry along the wings .
Better was to come in his next game against Adelaide . The Dogs broke a four-game losing streak - winning by 30 points - and Dahlhaus was recognized as one of the best Bulldogs players . He recorded 18 disposals with six inside-50s , laid four tackles and kicked his first career goal in the last quarter to seal the victory .
In round 21 Dahlhaus earned a nomination for the 2011 AFL Rising Star .
Dahlhaus had a mostly inconsistent season throughout 2013 but played one of his best games in his career in Round 18 against West Coast at Etihad Stadium which he kicked 4 goals and picked up 29 disposals , the dogs won the game .
In September Dahlhaus shaved off his iconic dreadlocks live on Before The Game for the Whitten Foundation and the Good Friday Appeal . By the time his dreadlocks where shaved by teammate Liam Jones , he had raised A $ 13,035 for the charities .
In November it was announced that Dahlhaus had agreed to a contract extension with the Bulldogs and had also been upgraded to the senior list .
During 2015 , he had a strong , consistent season and was one of the favourites for the Best and Fairest which was won by Easton Wood .
In 2016 , Dalhaus won the Rose–Sutton Medal in the match against Collingwood .
At the end of the 2018 season , Dahlhaus signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Geelong Cats .
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of the 2020 season
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2011
|
| 40 || 11 || 11 || 7 || 76 || 79 || 155 || 23 || 46 || 1.0 || 0.6 || 6.9 || 7.2 || 14.1 || 2.1 || 4.2 || 1
|-
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2012
|
| 40 || 17 || 13 || 18 || 174 || 124 || 298 || 45 || 67 || 0.8 || 1.1 || 10.2 || 7.3 || 17.5 || 2.6 || 3.9 || 4
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2013
|
| 6 || 22 || 28 || 18 || 177 || 192 || 369 || 37 || 90 || 1.3 || 0.8 || 8.0 || 8.7 || 16.8 || 1.7 || 4.1 || 7
|-
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2014
|
| 6 || 21 || 17 || 23 || 239 || 214 || 453 || 71 || 87 || 0.8 || 1.1 || 11.4 || 10.2 || 21.6 || 3.4 || 4.1 || 3
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2015
|
| 6 || 23 || 17 || 10 || 276 || 314 || 590 || 77 || 120 || 0.7 || 0.4 || 12.0 || 13.7 || 25.7 || 3.3 || 5.2 || 7
|-
| scope=row bgcolor=F0E68C | 2016 #
|
| 6 || 21 || 9 || 8 || 228 || 318 || 546 || 67 || 113 || 0.4 || 0.4 || 10.9 || 15.1 || 26.0 || 3.2 || 5.4 || 7
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2017
|
| 6 || 22 || 13 || 6 || 199 || 352 || 551 || 74 || 93 || 0.6 || 0.3 || 9.0 || 16.0 || 25.0 || 3.4 || 4.2 || 6
|-
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2018
|
| 6 || 17 || 2 || 4 || 127 || 238 || 365 || 67 || 72 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 7.5 || 14.0 || 21.5 || 3.9 || 4.2 || 0
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2019
|
| 40 || 24 || 14 || 16 || 171 || 262 || 433 || 71 || 115 || 0.6 || 0.7 || 7.1 || 10.9 || 18.0 || 3.0 || 4.8 || 0
|-
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center | 2020
|
| 40 || 16 || 7 || 0 || 89 || 127 || 216 || 44 || 37 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 5.6 || 7.9 || 13.5 || 2.8 || 2.3 || 0
|- style= '' background : # EAEAEA ; font-weight : bold ; width:2em ''
| scope= '' row '' text-align : center class= '' sortbottom '' colspan=3 | Career
| 194
| 131
| 110
| 1756
| 2220
| 3976
| 576
| 840
| 0.7
| 0.6
| 9.1
| 11.4
| 20.5
| 3.0
| 4.3
| 35
| }
Notes
Honours and achievements
Team
AFL premiership player ( ) : 2016
Individual
AFL Rising Star nominee : 2011
References
External links
Western Bulldogs players
Western Bulldogs Premiership players
Geelong Football Club players
1992 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Geelong Falcons players
Williamstown Football Club players
Leopold Football Club ( Geelong ) players
Australian people of Dutch descent
Place of birth missing ( living people )
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Tristan Flore ( born 2 January 1995 in Montélimar ) is a French table tennis player . He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics as part of the French team in the men 's team event .
References
1995 births
Living people
French male table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of France
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in table tennis
Universiade bronze medalists for France
Table tennis players at the 2019 European Games
European Games medalists in table tennis
European Games bronze medalists for France
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
People from Montélimar
Sportspeople from Drôme
Daramyn Tömör-Ochir ( , spelled Daramiin Tɵmɵr-Oçir between 1931 and 1941 and before 1931 , 1921 – 2 October 1985 ) was a Mongolian politician and adherent of Marxism–Leninism . He served as a member of the Politburo of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party , the ruling communist party in Mongolia , during the late 1950s and early 1960s . In 1962 , he was expelled as a 'nationalist ' from the Politburo after having supported celebrations in honour of the 800th birthday of Genghis Khan . Some time later , he was also expelled from the party , and his life ended in 1985 when he was brutally murdered .
Early life
Tömör-Ochir grew up as an orphan . Around the age of 15 he rented himself out to shear wool and do other jobs . Some years later he then went on to pursue an education at the then recently founded National University of Mongolia . In 1950 Tömör-Ochir , seen as one of the new Mongolian intellectuals , signed a collective letter in which the possibility of socialism in Mongolia without joining the Soviet Union was doubted . The letter led to an investigation by Mongolian Prime Minister Khorloogiin Choibalsan and nationalist supporters as Choibalsan had recently fallen out with Joseph Stalin of the Soviet Union . The later Mongolian Prime Minister Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal did however support Tömör-Ochir during the investigation . In 1953 Tömör-Ochir earned his Master in Philosophy from Moscow State University . In his own country in 1957 he received the title of professor .
Political career
Tömör-Ochir became politically active during the early years of the Tsedenbal rule . Tsedenbal had succeeded Choibalsan , who died in 1952 . Tömör-Ochir became member of the Politburo of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party ( MPRP ) . By 1956 Tsendenbal started his criticism of intellectuals to which Tömör-Ochir assisted . In 1959 , Tömör-Ochir personally joined in this criticism and wrote an article against Mongolian author and linguist Byambyn Rinchen , denouncing him for his nationalism . While at first Tsendenbal was impressed with Tömör-Ochir and his comprehension of the Marxist–Leninist thought he later grew suspicious of him , seeing him as an individualist and nationalist . Tömör-Ochir was however still elected as an academician to the Mongolian Academy of Sciences in 1961 . By 1962 , he came to retract some of his earlier ideas . He withdrew his earlier support for a unification with the Soviet Union and in book on the history of the MPRP he criticized the non-Marxist early years . In the same year he also wished to see his criticisms of intellectuals and Rinchen withdrawn . 1962 was also the year celebrating 800 years since the birth of Genghis Khan . Several celebrations were planned including a commemorative stamp and series of postcards . A monument of Genghis Khan was also placed in Dadal , his birthplace . Tömör-Ochir joined these celebrations and organized a symposium for academics and scholars on Genghis Khan . The event ended with applause , cheers and chants for Genghis Khan . Informants for the Soviet Union security agency KGB singled out Tömör-Ochir as ringleader . Tsedenbal then had him removed from the Politburo as a 'nationalist ' on 10 September 1962 . In the autobiography of Jamsrangiin Sambuu , the effective president of Mongolia between 1954 and 1972 , he claims that Tömör-Ochir was expelled from power not about the dispute of Genghis Khan , but rather because of differences in opinion regarding Mongolia 's role in the Sino-Soviet split between Tömör-Ochir and Tsedenbal .
Later life and death
After his expulsion from the Politburo , Tömör-Ochir wished to translate Karl Marx 's book Das Kapital into Mongolian . His request was refused and he was sent to Bayankhongor Province to lead a construction office . After the office performed poorly , Tömör-Ochir was expelled from the MPRP and later fired from his job . He then returned to the capital city of Ulan Bator where he was jailed briefly only to be sent into internal exile to Khövsgöl Province shortly after . He was allowed to return to Ulan Bator for medical reasons and was later sent to the city of Darkhan in 1968 . In Darkhan he worked in a local museum called Friendship while his wife , Ninjbadgar , worked at the polytechnic institute . In 1984 , Tsedenbal stepped down as party leader and one year later Ninjbadgar saw a possibility to request an appeal for reconsideration of the case of Tömör-Ochir in Ulan Bator . While she was away , Tömör-Ochir was killed with an axe in his apartment in Darkhan on 2 October 1985 . The killer ( s ) were never caught , and the motive has yet to be revealed . Tömör-Ochir 's family blames the KGB .
References
1921 births
1985 deaths
Moscow State University alumni
Mongolian communists
Mongolian People 's Party politicians
Assassinated Mongolian politicians
National University of Mongolia alumni
Mongolian expatriates in the Soviet Union
Spot welding ( or resistance spot welding ) is a type of electric resistance welding used to weld various sheet metal products , through a process in which contacting metal surface points are joined by the heat obtained from resistance to electric current .
The process uses two shaped copper alloy electrodes to concentrate welding current into a small `` spot '' and to simultaneously clamp the sheets together . Work-pieces are held together under pressure exerted by electrodes . Typically the sheets are in the thickness range . Forcing a large current through the spot will melt the metal and form the weld . The attractive feature of spot welding is that a large amount of energy can be delivered to the spot in a very short time ( approximately 10–100 milliseconds ) . This permits the welding to occur without excessive heating of the remainder of the sheet .
The amount of heat ( energy ) delivered to the spot is determined by the resistance between the electrodes and the magnitude and duration of the current . The amount of energy is chosen to match the sheet 's material properties , its thickness , and type of electrodes . Applying too little energy will not melt the metal or will make a poor weld . Applying too much energy will melt too much metal , eject molten material , and make a hole rather than a weld . Another feature of spot welding is that the energy delivered to the spot can be controlled to produce reliable welds .
Process and equipment
Spot welding involves three stages ; the first of which involves the electrodes being brought to the surface of the metal and applying a slight amount of pressure . The current from the electrodes is then applied briefly after which the current is removed but the electrodes remain in place for the material to cool . Weld times range from 0.01 sec to 0.63 sec depending on the thickness of the metal , the electrode force and the diameter of the electrodes themselves .
The equipment used in the spot welding process consists of toolholders and electrodes . The toolholders function as a mechanism to hold the electrodes firmly in place and also support optional water hoses that cool the electrodes during welding . Tool holding methods include a paddle-type , light duty , universal , and regular offset . The electrodes generally are made of a low resistance alloy , usually copper , and are designed in many different shapes and sizes depending on the application needed .
The two materials being welded together are known as the workpieces and must conduct electricity . The width of the workpieces is limited by the throat length of the welding apparatus and ranges typically from . Workpiece thickness can range from .
After the current is removed from the workpiece , it is cooled via the coolant holes in the center of the electrodes . Both water and a brine solution may be used as coolants in spot welding mechanisms .
In the case of resistance spot welding , there are two main parts of the tooling system , the features of which fundamentally influence the whole process : the gun and its type , and the size and shape of the electrode . In such application , where the gun layout should be as rigid as possible due to the high applying forces ( e.g . welding of thick materials ) , the C-type gun is widely used . As well as the high resulting rigidity , this arrangement leads to a high tooling flexibility , as the motion of the electrodes is collinear . Unlike the C-type , the so-called X-type arrangement provides less rigidity , although the reachable workspace is far larger than with the C-type , thus this layout is very common , where thin and flat objects are being processed ( e.g . manufacturing of floor pan or roof panel ) . However , it offers less flexibility in terms of tooling , because the paths of the moving electrodes are not collinear ( like the tips of scissors ) , so a dome-shaped electrode tip should be used .
Electrodes used in spot welding can vary greatly with different applications . Each tool style has a different purpose . Radius style electrodes are used for high heat applications , electrodes with a truncated tip for high pressure , eccentric electrodes for welding corners , offset eccentric tips for reaching into corners and small spaces , and finally offset truncated for reaching into the workpiece itself .
Characteristics
The spot welding process tends to harden the material , causing it to warp . This reduces the material 's fatigue strength , and may stretch the material as well as anneal it . The physical effects of spot welding include internal cracking , surface cracks and a bad appearance . The chemical properties affected include the metal 's internal resistance and its corrosive properties .
Welding times are often very short , which can cause problems with the electrodes—they can not move fast enough to keep the material clamped . Welding controllers will use a double pulse to get around this problem . During the first pulse , the electrode contact may not be able to make a good weld . The first pulse will soften the metal . During the pause between the two pulses , the electrodes will come closer and make better contact .
During spot welding , the large electric current induces a large magnetic field , and the electric current and magnetic field interact with each other to produce a large magnetic force field too , which drives the melted metal to move very fast at a velocity up to 0.5 m/s . As such , the heat energy distribution in spot welding could be dramatically changed by the fast motion of the melted metal . The fast motion in spot welding can be observed with high-speed photography .
The basic spot welder consists of a power supply , an energy storage unit ( e.g. , a capacitor bank ) , a switch , a welding transformer , and the welding electrodes . The energy storage element allows the welder to deliver high instantaneous power levels . If the power demands are not high , then the energy storage element is n't needed . The switch causes the stored energy to be dumped into the welding transformer . The welding transformer steps down the voltage and steps up the current . An important feature of the transformer is it reduces the current level that the switch must handle . The welding electrodes are part of the transformer 's secondary circuit . There is also a control box that manages the switch and may monitor the welding electrode voltage or current .
The resistance presented to the welder is complicated . There is the resistance of secondary winding , the cables , and the welding electrodes . There is also the contact resistance between the welding electrodes and the workpiece . There is the resistance of the workpieces , and the contact resistance between the workpieces .
At the beginning of the weld , the contact resistances are usually high , so most of the initial energy will be dissipated there . That heat and the clamping force will soften and smooth out the material at the electrode-material interface and make better contact ( that is , lower the contact resistance ) . Consequently , more electrical energy will go into the workpiece and the junction resistance of the two workpieces . As electrical energy is delivered to the weld and causes the temperature to rise , the electrodes and the workpiece are conducting that heat away . The goal is to apply enough energy so that a portion of material within the spot melts without having the entire spot melt . The perimeter of the spot will conduct away much heat and keep the perimeter at a lower temperature . The interior of the spot has less heat conducted away , so it melts first . If the welding current is applied too long , the entire spot melts , the material runs out or otherwise fails , and the `` weld '' becomes a hole .
The voltage needed for welding depends on the resistance of the material to be welded , the sheet thickness and desired size of the nugget . When welding a common combination like 1.0 + 1.0 mm sheet steel , the voltage between the electrodes is only about 1.5 V at the start of the weld but can fall as low as 1 V at the end of the weld . This decrease in voltage results from the reduction in resistance caused by the workpiece melting . The open circuit voltage from the transformer is higher than this , typically in the 5 to 22 volt range .
The resistance of the weld spot changes as it flows and liquefies . Modern welding equipment can monitor and adjust the weld in real time to ensure a consistent weld . The equipment may seek to control different variables during the weld , such as current , voltage , power , or energy .
Welder sizes range from 5 to 500 kVA . Micro spot welders , used in a variety of industries , can go down to 1.5 kVA or less for precision welding needs .
It is common for a spray of molten metal droplets ( sparks ) to be ejected from the area of the weld during the process .
Resistance spot welding generates no bright arc , so UV protection is not required . OSHA requires transparent face shields or goggles for splatter protection , but does not require any filter lens .
Applications
Spot welding is typically used when welding particular types of sheet metal , welded wire mesh or wire mesh . Thicker stock is more difficult to spot weld because the heat flows into the surrounding metal more easily . Spot welding can be easily identified on many sheet metal goods , such as metal buckets . Aluminium alloys can be spot welded , but their much higher thermal conductivity and electrical conductivity requires higher welding currents . This requires larger , more powerful , and more expensive welding transformers .
Perhaps the most common application of spot welding is in the automobile manufacturing industry , where it is used almost universally to weld the sheet metal to form a car . Spot welders can also be completely automated , and many of the industrial robots found on assembly lines are spot welders ( the other major use for robots being painting ) .
Spot welding is also used in the orthodontist 's clinic , where small-scale spot welding equipment is used when resizing metal `` molar bands '' used in orthodontics .
Another application is spot welding straps to nickel–cadmium , nickel–metal hydride or Lithium-ion battery cells to make batteries . The cells are joined by spot welding thin nickel straps to the battery terminals . Spot welding can keep the battery from getting too hot , as might happen if conventional soldering were done .
Good design practice must always allow for adequate accessibility . Connecting surfaces should be free of contaminants such as scale , oil , and dirt , to ensure quality welds . Metal thickness is generally not a factor in determining good welds .
Modifications
Projection welding is a modification of spot welding in which the weld is localized by means of raised sections , or projections , on one or both of the workpieces to be joined . Heat is concentrated at the projections , which permits the welding of heavier sections or the closer spacing of welds . The projections can also serve as a means of positioning the workpieces . Projection welding is often used to weld studs , nuts , and other threaded machine parts to metal plate . It is also frequently used to join crossed wires and bars . This is another high-production process , and multiple projection welds can be arranged by suitable designing and jigging .
See also
Clinching ( metalworking )
List of welding processes
Weld quality assurance
References
External links
( at 8-9mins ) by American Welding Society
Welding
de : Widerstandsschweißen # Widerstandspunkt- und Buckelschweißen
it : Saldatura # Saldatura a punti
Julian Soshnick ( August 17 , 1932 August 8 , 2004 ) was assistant attorney general of Massachusetts , a trial lawyer and businessman . Born in Brooklyn , Soshnick graduated from high school in Manhattan at age 16 . He then attended and graduated from Brandeis University and the Boston University School of Law . Drafted in 1957 and shipped to Germany , he served four years as an officer in the U.S. Army 's Judge Advocate General 's Corps .
Married to Martha in 1957 , Soshnick has two children , Jo Anne and Jeffrey Adam , and one granddaughter Ella .
In the early 1960s , he was assistant attorney general of Massachusetts under Edward J. McCormack , and then under Edward Brooke . He was co-prosecuting attorney with John Bottomly during the 1964 Boston Strangler case . Soshnick later appeared in a cameo role in the 1968 movie The Boston Strangler . Subsequently , he continued in private practice as a trial lawyer . In 1971 , he defended 400 Vietnam veterans that were arrested for protesting on the Lexington Green in Massachusetts .
He was instrumental in founding Analogic Corporation in 1967 , and variously served as its vice president , legal counsel , director and long-term officer .
Julian Soshnick died of lung cancer on August 8 , 2004 at the age of 71 at his home in Rockport , Massachusetts .
References
External links
Obituary from The Boston Globe
1932 births
2004 deaths
Deaths from lung cancer
Massachusetts lawyers
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
American civil rights lawyers
Brandeis University alumni
Boston University School of Law alumni
Roar Tønseth ( 1895—1985 ) was a Norwegian architect . He had an unusually long career as an architect , stretching from before 1920 to the early 1980s .
Roar Tønseth was the son of Johannes Tønseth ( 1860-1896 ) and Henrikke Ryjord ( 1869-1940 ) . His uncle was architect Nils Ryjord , who , in addition to his own architectural practice , played a key role in the restoration work at Nidaros Cathedral . Tønseth married Anna Bolette ( 'Annikken ' ) Aschenberg in 1926 .
After graduating with his examen artium , Roar Tønseth became a bricklayer apprentice to his uncle Nils Ryjord in 1913 . The following year , he began studying architecture at the Norwegian University of Technology . He graduated as an architect in 1919 . From 1919 to 1921 , Tønseth was then employed as an assistant to Professor Olaf Nordhagen and architect Morten Anker Bachke . Starting in 1921 , he worked for two years as an assistant to architect Claus Hjelte . In 1923 , Tønseth started his own architectural practice in Trondheim . He designed many buildings and is notable for the number of church buildings and tourist cabins that he designed . Roar Tønseth won first prize in a number of architectural competitions during his career .
Roar Tønseth was arrested and imprisoned by the occupation authorities during World War II . He was arrested on 1 March 1943 at Vollan . On 5 July 1943 he was transferred to Falstad prison camp , and on 18 March 1944 he was transferred to Grini prison camp outside Oslo , where he was held captive until peace came in May 1945 .
In 1937 , Tønseth was elected to the board of Trondheim 's Art Association , a position he continued in after World War II . From 1945 to 1947 he was the chairman of the association . From 1938 to 1950 he was also a member of the board of the Trondheim Museum of Art and Design .
References
1895 births
1985 deaths
Norwegian architects
Vollan concentration camp survivors
Falstad concentration camp survivors
Grini concentration camp survivors
Onebala obsoleta is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Anthonie Johannes Theodorus Janse in 1954 . It is found in Mozambique , Namibia and South Africa .
References
Moths described in 1954
Onebala
Anders Rekdal ( born 4 January 1987 ) is a Norwegian freestyle skier . He represented Norway at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
References
External links
1987 births
Norwegian male freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of Norway
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Living people
Spinicosta is a genus of the family Tephritidae , better known as fruit flies .
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Çanakçı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Eija Annikki Vilpas ( born 17 July 1957 in Tuusula , Finland ) is a Finnish actress . She is known of her roles in several Finnish comedy series , for example Fakta homma and Hynttyyt yhteen . The focal point of her career lies in stage acting : Vilpas has worked in the Helsinki City Theatre since 1988 .
She has also done voice-over work for Finnish film dubs . She provided the voice of Marge Simpson in The Simpsons Movie and Maggie the cow in Disney 's Home on the Range .
She has been married to the actor Ville Virtanen . She recorded an album Eija Vilpas in 1993 . Eija Vilpas in the mother to the Finnish dramaturge and playwright Sinna Virtanen .
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Finnish actresses
Ushna Suhail ( born 26 June 1993 in Lahore ) is a female tennis player from Pakistan .
Suhail on 12 December 2016 , she reached her best singles ranking of world number 943 . On 11 July 2016 , she peaked at world number 864 in the doubles rankings .
Playing for Pakistan at the Fed Cup , Suhail has a win–loss of 14–29 .
Career
She represents Pakistan and competes on the ITF Pro Circuit tour . South Asian Games Double Bronze Medalist in singles and mixed doubles , Pakistan 's first world-ranked female tennis player in singles and doubles .
2014
In September 2014 , Suhail along with Sara Mansoor became the first women tennis players from Pakistan to participate at the Asian Games when they competed at the Asian Games being held in Incheon , South Korea . 2015 she made to the semi finals of three tournaments at Sharm el-Sheikh futures .
Fed Cup participation
Singles : ( 12-22 )
Doubles : ( 10-16 )
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Lahore
Pakistani female tennis players
Tennis players at the 2014 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Pakistan
South Asian Games bronze medalists for Pakistan
South Asian Games medalists in tennis
Eva Henriette Gottwein is a virologist and Associate Professor of Microbiology-Immunology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago , Illinois . The main focus of her research is the role of viral miRNAs involved in herpesviral oncogenesis . Gottwein is member of Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University . Her contributions as a member include the focus on how encoded miRNAs target and function in the human oncogenic herpesvirus Kaposi 's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus known as KSHV .
Education and career
Gottwein received her PhD in biology from Heidelberg University in 2005 .
During her postdoctoral work , Eva Gottwein studied herpesviral miRNA in Bryan Cullen 's laboratory at Duke University . Eva Gottwein currently is an associate professor of microbiology-immunology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine .
Research contributions
The focus of her work involves identifying the function of microRNAs that are encoded in the human herpesvirus Kaposi 's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus ( KSHV ) . KSHV causes tumors by infecting endothelial cells . Since the AIDS epidemic in Africa , KSHV is also known to attack and infect B lymphocytes , which results in a person having B cell lymphomas and effusion lymphoma . Prior to her laboratory experience at Duke University , the target for KSHV microRNAs were unknown . Gottwein recently studied the expression of KSHV mRNAs . Through her research she found that Kaposi 's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus ( KSHV ) has nearly 20 viral mRNAs . During her research she discovered that miR-K10 by itself has the ability to transform cells . In another experiment , Gottwein research found that the function of miRNA KSHV proteins that were used to target certain cellular RNAs . Through her experiment she discovered abnormal ligand reactions that occurred during the absence of exogenous ligase and a unique miRNA binding site . Her goal for the next few years is to learn more about the targetome of the KSHV microRNAs and identification of the virus ' functions in oncogenesis .
Notable publications
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American virologists
Northwestern University faculty
Heidelberg University alumni
Catriona McKenzie is an Australian filmmaker . She is known for her film Satellite Boy and television series Kiki and Kitty ( written by Nakkiah Lui ) and Wrong Kind of Black .
McKenzie is an Aboriginal Australian woman of the Gunai/Kurnai people of south-eastern Australia . She is a graduate of the Australian Film , Television and Radio School ( AFTRS ) , with one of her graduate films being the short film The Third Note ( 1999 ) . She graduated with Honours in 2001 , and afterwards studied screenwriting at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts .
Satellite Boy ( 2012 ) was McKenzie 's first feature film . It was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Film , and in 2014 was selected by the Australian Directors Guild for entry to the Directors Guild of America 's Directors Finder Series . She has also worked on numerous other TV series , including The Walking Dead , Tidelands , Harrow , The Warriors , Dance Academy , The Circuit , Redfern Now and The Gods of Wheat Street . She is the first Indigenous Australian woman to direct a TV series in the US ( the supernatural drama Shadowhunters ) .
In 2018 McKenzie founded her own production company , Dark Horse , which she hopes will be a vehicle to provide opportunities for new , diverse voices . She believes that there are hundreds of stories to be told `` about the impact of white colonial Australia on Aboriginal culture and Aboriginal people ” . The first film is planned to be Stolen , co-written with Patricia Cornelius .
The comedy series Kiki and Kitty , written by Nakkiah Lui and directed by McKenzie , won two awards at Series Mania in France in 2018 .
McKenzie is a member of the Directors Guild of America . She was appointed as a Film and Television Industry Advisory Committee Member under Screen NSW 's Sydney City of Film initiative , initially until 31 December 2019 , and then reappointed to 31 December 2022 .
References
External links
Australian women film directors
Australian women screenwriters
Australian women film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Australian film directors
Australian film producers
21st-century Australian screenwriters
21st-century Australian women writers
Indigenous Australian filmmakers
Indigenous Australian writers
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Kay Island ( ) is a small island lying east of Cape Johnson in the northern part of Wood Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica . It was discovered in 1841 by Captain James Clark Ross , Royal Navy , and named by him for Lieutenant Joseph W. Kay , Director of the Rossbank Observatory in Tasmania , who was third lieutenant on the ship Terror . Originally charted by Ross as a group of three islands , only this one is now known to exist .
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Lake Macatawa is a lake in Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Geography
The lake is about long with a maximum width of and a surface area of . The average depth of the lake is variable but generally less than , excluding a navigation channel of fixed depth that crosses the lake to allow deep draft ships to access the dock at the City of Holland .
The lake occupies portions of Park Township , Holland Township , and the City of Holland .
The lake contains two bays of significant size : Big Bay , and the smaller Pine Creek Bay to the east . The lake is the drowned river mouth of the Macatawa River ( formerly known as the Black River ) , which feeds into the lake 's eastern end in the City of Holland . Other tributaries include Pine Creek , which feeds into Pine Creek Bay , and Winstrom Creek , which feeds into Big Bay . The lake discharges into Lake Michigan at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers channel near Holland State Park . The lake and its watershed encompass of Ottawa and Allegan counties .
Industry
The eastern end of the lake is marked by industrial development within the City of Holland , and includes a decommissioned coal-fired power plant , scrap metal recycling facility , environmental research facility owned by Michigan State University , aggregate mineral loading dock , and a pickle production facility owned by the H.J . Heinz company . The remainder of the lakeshore is marked by high-income residential development , with the notable exception of Holland State Park which borders the northern shoreline of the western end of the lake , Howard B. Dunton park on the north shore of the eastern end , and Kollen Park near the Heinz factory , which connects to a boardwalk installed along the shoreline occupied by the facility .
See also
List of lakes in Michigan
References
External links
Michigan DNR map of Lake Macatawa
Macatawa
Bodies of water of Ottawa County , Michigan
is the debut album by singer and cellist Kanon Wakeshima . The album was preceded by two singles : `` Still Doll '' and `` Suna no Oshiro '' . Both of those singles were used in the anime Vampire Knight . The success of those singles led to Kanon being nominated for the Best Newcomer award at the fourth annual Shōjo Beat Music Awards .
The album was released on February 11 , 2009 in Germany , France , and Europe , and on February 18 , 2009 in Japan in both Limited and Regular editions . The limited edition of the CD came with a DVD of her videos `` Suna No Oshiro '' , and `` Still Doll '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Kanon Wakeshima – Vocals , Cello , Piano , Lyrics
Mana – Production
References
2009 debut albums
Neoclassical albums
Montreal Kosher , also known as MK Kosher , is a kosher certification agency based in Montreal , Canada . It was founded in 1922 by the Jewish Community Council of Montreal .
References
Kosher food certification organizations
Jewish organizations based in Canada
Religious consumer symbols
Blackfriars was a short-lived railway station on the South Eastern Railway ( SER ) line , in the parish of Southwark Christchurch , between Charing Cross and London Bridge . It was opened in 1864 with the name Blackfriars but closed less than five years later when it was replaced by the station now called Waterloo East ( originally named Waterloo ) .
In 1886 the London , Chatham and Dover Railway ( LCDR ) opened a station on the north bank of the river called St. Paul 's – this was renamed Blackfriars in 1937 .
The former entrance to the South Eastern Railway Blackfriars station under the railway bridge on Blackfriars Road itself is still clearly visible . In 2005 the bricked-up former street-level entrance and original wording were restored . At track level , widening of the viaduct on its north side is the only indication of its site . In July 2009 planning permission was granted for a café to be built over the entranceway to the station .
See also
Blackfriars Bridge railway station , an LCDR station opened in June 1864 , south of the Thames but north of Blackfriars ( SER ) .
References
External links
London 's Abandoned Stations - Blackfriars Road
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1864
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1869
Disused railway stations in the London Borough of Southwark
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
The men 's long jump event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 13 March in San Sebastián .
Results
References
Long jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Long
Watson is a town of 777 residents in the rural municipality of Lakeside , in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . Watson is located on the intersection of Highway 5 and Highway 6 , the Canam Highway . Watson is approximately the same distance from Saskatoon which is to the west , and Regina to the south , which gives rise to its town motto , Industrial Crossroads of Saskatchewan .
History
Settlers began arriving in the early 1900s , many of them German American Catholics . The first post office in the area was established on April 1 , 1904 and named Vossen after its postmaster , Frank J. Vossen Jr . It was changed to Watson on May 1 , 1906 , in advance of the village 's incorporation on October 6 , 1906 . The village became a town on August 1 , 1908 . The town 's namesake is Senator Robert Watson . Senator Watson , originally owned the land the town was built on . Watson celebrated its first Santa Claus Day in 1932 , and in 1996 erected a -high Santa Claus to commemorate the event .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Watson had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
Geography
Jansen Lake , Houghton Lake , Lenore Lake , Ironspring Creek , Big Quill Lake and Little Quill Lake are all close to Watson .
Transportation
The town is located at the junction of Saskatchewan Highway 5 and Saskatchewan Highway 6 .
Railway
Melfort Subdivision C.P.R—serves Lanigan , Leroy , Watson , Spalding
Margo Subdivision Canadian National Railway
Notable people
Dustin Tokarski – NHL Goaltender
Ross Lonsberry – NHL Player
Max McNab – NHL Player , Coach , GM
Rod Gantefoer – Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan MLA , Finance
References
External links
Towns in Saskatchewan
Lakeside No . 338 , Saskatchewan
Division No . 10 , Saskatchewan
Haeberli ( or Häberli ) is a surname of Swiss origin .
It may refer to :
Paul Haeberli , an American computer graphics researcher
Thomas Häberli ( born 1974 ) , a Swiss football striker
German-language surnames
Swiss-German surnames
Nicolas Pierre Jean Lhernould ( born 23 March 1975 ) is a French-born priest of the Catholic Church who has been appointed Bishop of Constantine , Algeria .
Biography
Nicolas Lhernould was born on 23 March 1975 in Courbevoie , on the outskirts of Paris . He attended the Lycée Sainte-Marie in Neuilly and made his first trip to Tunisia as part of group of young teachers . He obtained a licentiate in sociology from the University of Paris-Nanterre in 1995 and a master 's degree in econometrics in 1996 , and then a degree in social sciences from the École Normale Supérieure de Cachan in 1997 . He then taught mathematics in Tunisia for two years .
In 1999 , he entered the Pontifical French Seminary in Rome representing the Archdiocese of Tunis . He was ordained a priest of the Archdiocese of Tunis on 22 May 2004 . He completed his theological studies , he obtained , a bachelor 's degree in theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in 2003 and a licenciate in sciences and patristic theology at the Patristic Institute Augustinianum in 2006 , writing a study of the sermons of Fulgentius of Ruspe .
In Tunisia , he was pastor of Sousse , Monastir and Mahdia in the southern part of the country from 2005 to 2012 . He was pastor of Sainte-Jeanne d'Arc in Tunis and vicar general of the diocese from 2012 to 2019 . From 2009 to 2014 he was President of the Association of `` Center of Studies of Carthage '' .
In July 2019 he was appointed to a five-year term as national director for Tunisia of the Pontifical Mission Societies .
Pope Francis appointed him Bishop of Constantine on 9 December 2019 . The nomination makes him the youngest French bishop .
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Courbevoie
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Pontifical French Seminary alumni
Patristic Institute Augustinianum alumni
Roman Catholic bishops of Constantine
General elections were held in Bermuda on 5 October 1993 . The result was a victory for the United Bermuda Party , which won 22 of the 40 seats in the House of Assembly .
Results
References
Elections in Bermuda
Bermuda
General election
Bermuda
Bermuda
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Broneirion is a Victorian house and grounds on the hillside across the River Severn from the village of Llandinam . It was built by Welsh industrialist David Davies . It has been used as a training centre for Girl Guides since 1946 and has been owned by Girlguiding Cymru since 1992 .
History
The house was built in the italianate/Romanesque revival style in 1864-5 by the architect David Walker It is set in four and a half acres . The roof is Welsh slate . In November 1996 , Broneirion House , Coach House , and the Lodge all became Grade II listed buildings . The bridge from the main road towards Broneirion was the first iron bridge constructed in Montgomeryshire , designed by Thomas Penson and built by Davies . It spans 90 feet ( 27.5 m ) .
The Davies family moved into the house in 1864 .
In 1940 , Davies grandson , David Davies , 1st Baron Davies , offered use of the house to Gordonstoun school , which needed a new home due to World War II .
Guiding Centre
David Davies and his son , Michael , both died in 1944 . Michael 's widow , Lady Eldrydd Davies , was a supporter of Guiding . Her friend , Heather Kay was enthusiastic for a training centre for Welsh Guides , so Lady Davies offered Broneirion for this purpose .
Broneirion became the Welsh Training Centre for the Girl Guide Association in 1946 and was opened by the World Chief Guide , Olave Baden-Powell , in 1947 . In 1992 it became the property of Girlguiding Cymru after a campaign that raised £510000 for the purchase and an endowment fund . At the same time , a much-needed campsite was purchased close to the house and named Cae Gwenllian . In 1995 , the opportunity unexpectedly arose to buy Broneirion Lodge , on the property boundary . Both the house and grounds are used for training and camping activities , and the site is used by Guides , other organisations and private groups . The Brownie house , originally the Davies children 's summer house is now a Pack Holiday facility .
Cae Gwenllian
Broneirion 's campsite , Cae Gwenllian , was purchased in 1994 . It is named after Girlguiding Cymru 's Treasurer and a former Chief Commissioner , Gwenllian Philipps . It has a toilet block and equipment store .
Broneirion Gallery
See also
Foxlease
References
External links
Broneirion home page
Photograph of Broneirion Lodge
Grade II listed buildings in Powys
Grade II listed houses in Wales
Girlguiding
Montgomeryshire
A pitch pipe is a small device used to provide a pitch reference for musicians . Although it may be described as a musical instrument , it is not typically used to play music as such . Technically , it is a harmonica ; however , it lacks many characteristics of harmonicas .
Origins
The earliest pitch pipes were instruments rather like a recorder , but rather than finger holes , they had a plunger like a slide whistle 's ( also known as a swanee whistle ) . The pipe was generally made of wood with a square bore , and the plunger was leather-coated . On this plunger are marked the notes of either the chromatic scale or the diatonic scale , and by setting it to the correct position , the indicated note will be produced when the instrument is blown . Pitch pipes come in all sorts of shapes and sizes .
Pitch pipes of this sort were most often used in the 18th and 19th centuries in churches which had no organ to give the opening note of a hymn . They are now quite rare , and hardly ever used for what they were intended , but may still be used as an alternative to a tuning fork . They are also useful for establishing what pitch standard was being used at a particular place and time .
Modern pitch pipes
Although few look like a pipe , the pitch pipe name is still applied to any device used as a pitch reference . The most common type is a circular free reed aerophone . These are discs with the holes for the reeds around the perimeter and with marked openings for each note , into which the user blows . Inside the pipe , the air flows through a hole in a plate past the selected rectangular metal reed ( usually brass ) . The airflow is modulated by the oscillating reed , then it resonates in an outer sounding chamber . In recent years , electronic push-button devices simulating chromatic pitch pipes have become available which are small enough to fit on key chains .
Usage
Some pitch pipes are intended for tuning string instruments , and only provide reeds for notes appropriate to a particular instrument . Chromatic pitch pipes are favored by a cappella singers and timpanists . Chromatic pipes most often provide thirteen pitches , each a half step above the previous . By providing all of the notes of a single octave , a singer can start in any key called for in Western music . Different pipes are available for bass and treble voices due to variations in vocal range . Most male and female performers prefer to use F-F pipes and C-C pipes , respectively . However , it is particularly notable that the Men 's pipe in F is pitched higher than the Women 's C pipe . Pipes in other keys are available , but are much rarer .
The singers ' normal use of the pipe is to play the initial keynote or tonic of the piece to be sung . Less frequently the pipe will be used to play the first sung note of the song , especially where the song begins in unison or with a solo .
In Ethnomusicology , recording a short beep with pitch pipe in ethnographic recordings can be used in playback to determine the playback speed of the Gramophone record or Phonograph cylinder .
Problems
The brass reeds in common pitchpipes are subject to work hardening with use , so they gradually change pitch . Because of this , replacement reed plates are sold . Carried in a pocket , a pipe will occasionally pick up small bits of lint which works its way into the narrow space around a reed . This usually requires disassembly of the pipe in order to clean the lint off the reed . To avoid this eventuality many users will use a small holster to carry the pipe .
See also
Tuning fork
Electronic tuner
References
Further reading
Anthony Baines , `` The Oxford Companion to Musical Instruments '' ( 1992 ) Page 267 ,
External links
An `` online pitch pipe '' ( recordings of each of the pitches on a free-reed instrument )
Mechanical Engineering Projects ( Pip pitch record )
A zipped downloadable version of the `` online pitch pipe '' ( recordings of each of the pitches on a free-reed instrument ) for your cell phone .
Five Types of Metal Pitch Pipes , whistle museum ( Including free downloads samples )
Free reed aerophones
Musical instrument parts and accessories
Faial is a civil parish in the Madeiran municipality of Santana located along the northern coast of the island of Madeira . The population in 2011 was 1,567 , in an area of 24.03 km² .
History
It was founded on February 20 , 1550 by settlers who chose the name Faial , for the common name for the Myrica faya , shrubs that are indigenous to the area , growing within the valleys between the mountains . As later recounted , the settlers :
`` Seeing a site of Faias , where the sea is more gentle , with an ideal panorama , that perfect corner , is the vista of Faial . ''
For a while Porto da Cruz and São Roque do Faial were part of the parish , but were de-annexed to form their own parishes .
In 1519 , a chapel was constructed in this parish to the invocation of Nossa Senhora da Natividade ( English : Our Lady of the Nativity ) , and as legend describes it was built entirely from one cedar , which was transported by water to its site . Ribeiras da Metade e do Faial . The construction of the new temple was begun during the reign of King D. João V of Portugal , during the second half of the 18th Century ( 1771 ) . In addition , a chapel was dedicated to Nossa Senhora da Penha de França ( English : Our Lady of the Rock of France ) , in Fazenda , around 1680 .
In 1960 , a fire completely destroyed the original church in Faial , and it was reconstructed in 1966 through the initiative of Father António Pestana Martinho .
Geography
The parish is located between the municipal of seat of Santana and the parish of São Roque do Faial , 21 kilometres north Funchal the regional capital , while 5 kilometres from Porto da Cruz , 15 kilometres from Machico and 39 kilometres from Porto Moniz ; it is connected to these centres by a Regional Roadway network that gives its inhabitants limited access to southern communities .
Faial consists of the localities Moinhos , Longueira , Penha De Águia , Fajã , Lombo de Cima , Lombo de Baixo , Cruzinhas , Fajã Grande , Limoeiro , Fajã da Murta , Lombo Galego , Pico do Lombo Galego , Quebrada , Água De Alto , Ressoca , Corujeira de Cima , Corujeira de Baixo , Fazenda , Diferença , Lombo Lourenço , Igreja , Covas , Pico do Guindaste , Guindaste and Fajã do Mar .
References
Freguesias of Santana , Madeira
The Runners were an outdoor mural by architect James McQuiston located on the east side of the annex to the Barnes and Thornburg Building ( originally the downtown Indianapolis Woolworth 's location ) at 7 E. Washington Street in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana . The mural occupied the east wall of this five-story commercial building . The mural was the result of a 1975 contest sponsored by the Urban Walls Task force of the Greater Indianapolis Progress Committee and the Indianapolis Department of Parks and Recreation .
Description
The mural , which was created using acrylic paint , depicts children at play on a hill as seen through a series of white arched doorways or windows . A fire in 1975 destroyed a building that was adjacent to the mural site ; according to the label near the bottom of the mural , `` The three-tiered design of the mural was inspired by the architectural structure of the building that burned , and is a whimsical study of color and motion . ''
The mural occupied approximately of vertical wall space on the eastern side of what was then the Merchants National Bank Annex . The project took about one month to complete and was dedicated on November 20 , 1975 in a ceremony led by Mayor Richard G. Lugar and Otto N. Frenzel III , the chairman of the board of Merchants National Bank . Painting of the mural was accomplished by Naegele Outdoor Advertising under the supervision of the artist .
Historical information
This mural , along with Roland Hobart 's 1973 Untitled mural , and Milton Glaser 's 1974 Color Fuses mural which surrounds the Minton-Capehart Federal Building in downtown Indianapolis were hailed in August 1975 as adding a `` delightful touch of color and imaginativeness to urban settings '' . A plaque placed at the Washington Street corner tells the story of the mural .
In 1997 , the mural was under threat to be painted over by the artist Robert Wyland , who wanted to paint his 74th Whailing Wall , Orca Passage , over the top of The Runners . Indianapolis writer Steve Mannheimer called Wyland 's efforts to paint over McQuiston 's mural a `` leviathan injustice '' , and quickly garnered significant public opinion to force Wyland to choose a different location . McQuiston 's mural remained in place mainly because , as McQuiston stated , many supporters `` stepped forward with so many calls and letters to the mayor '' . Wyland 's mural was painted at 120 West Walnut Street and finished in September 1997 .
Artist
James W. McQuiston is an architect who was at the time of the mural 's creation was working for the Indianapolis-based firm of Woollen Associates . He was 26 years old when he won the competition and now works as an architect in Indianapolis .
Condition
Since it was created in 1975 , the mural has never been repainted or altered . It was painted over in 2020 to make way for a mural honoring Major Taylor . James McQuiston was not happy about how this was handled .
See also
Untitled ( Urban Wall )
Color Fuses
Untitled ( Hoosier mural )
References
Culture of Indianapolis
Public art in the United States
1975 murals
Mohsin Ali ( ) is a professional track and field athlete from Pakistan who competes in the 110 metres hurdles .
He won the 110 m hurdles title at the 2010 South Asian Games in Dhaka . He represented Pakistan at the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships and took part in the 60 metres hurdles at the 2012 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships .
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Pakistani male hurdlers
South Asian Games gold medalists for Pakistan
South Asian Games medalists in athletics
Heller 's test is a chemical test that shows that strong acids cause the denaturation of precipitated proteins . Concentrated nitric acid is added to a protein solution from the side of the test tube to form two layers . A white ring appears between the two layers if the test is positive . Heller 's test is commonly used to test for the presence of proteins in urine . This test was discovered by the Austrian Chemist , Johann Florian Heller ( 1813-1871 ) .
References
Chemical tests
Wannian Road Station is a metro station at Chengdu , Sichuan , China . It was opened on December 18 , 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8 .
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
The Orton Cone Box Show is a biennial ceramic art exhibition for small work that started in Indiana , United States and is now held in Kansas , United States . It is open to submissions from across the world . The show 's title is taken from the constraint on submissions , which must fit within the box in which Orton 's pyrometric cones are shipped , 3 '' x 3 '' x 6 '' ( approx . 75 mm x 75 mm x 150 mm . )
Submissions are adjudicated by up to four recognized members of the ceramics community within the United States , and exhibited during following year 's the conference of the US National Council on Education for the Ceramic Arts .
Dates & locations
1975 , Purdue University
1977 , University of Kansas
1979 , University of Kansas
1994 , Baker University
1996 , Baker University
1998 , Baker University
2000 , Baker University
2002 , Baker University
2004 , Baker University
2006 , Baker University
2008 , Baker University
2010 , Lawrence Arts Center
2012 , Lawrence Arts Center
2016 , Hilliard Gallery , Kansas City , Missouri
2018 , Bracker 's Good Earth Clays , Lawrence , Kansas
2020 , Bracker 's Good Earth Clays , Lawrence , Kansas
Shows from the 1990s
The show experienced a period of inactivity following the departure of Bill Bracker from Kansas University shortly after the third show . In 1993 Inge Balch , Professor of Art at Baker University , Kansas , asked Bracker for his blessing to revive the show .
With the support of both Orton and the University the fourth show opened in 1994 at the Holt-Russell Gallery at Baker University . Work from potters from several countries have been exhibited . Subsequently the Cone Box Show has become a biennial event .
Notes
External links
International Cone Box Show
Art biennials
American pottery
Baker University
The men 's singles competition at the 2021 FIL European Luge Championships was held on 9 January 2021 .
Results
The first run was held at 11:33 and the second run at 13:05 .
References
Men 's singles
Vilmar Barbosa Santos ( born 7 January 1968 ) , commonly known as Vilmar is a Brazilian former footballer who played in the 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s as defender .
Vilmar played his youth football with a local club in his home town Ipatinga and transferred in 1987 to Associação Ferroviária de Esportes , for whom he played five years . In 1992 he moved on to Esporte Clube Bahia , where he played for two years , before he returned to Ferroviária , where he played another two seasons .
Vilmar joined Basel 's first team for their 1995–96 season under head-coach Claude Andrey.After playing in six test games Vilmar played his domestic league debut for the club in the away game on 25 February 1996 as Basel played a 1–1 with Servette .
In the one season he was with the club Vilmar played a total of 15 games for Basel without scoring a goal . Eight of these games were in the Nationalliga A , one in the Swiss Cup and six were friendly games .
Following his time with Basel Vilmar moved on to play for FC Baden , where he played for one season . He then moved to Germany and joined SV Waldhof Mannheim , who played in the 1997–98_Regionalliga South . In his second season they achieved promotion to the 2 . Bundesliga . Vilmar stayed with Mannheim for another four seasons .
References
Sources
Die ersten 125 Jahre . Publisher : Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag , Basel .
Verein `` Basler Fussballarchiv '' Homepage
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
FC Basel players
FC Baden players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
Association football defenders
Swiss Super League players
1968 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Germany
The Tapiola swimming pool is a swimming pool centre in the district of Tapiola in Espoo , Finland . The centre was designed by Aarne Ervi and built in 1965 . The building was renovated by Arkkitehdit NRT , and the renovation was completed in the 2000s . The renovation included an extension of the centre 's premises , including steam saunas , jacuzzis , and a gym . In 2008 , the centre was awarded the European Union Europa Nostra award for successful renovation .
Closure
The swimming hall was closed in 2016 due to humidity problems . There has been plenty of public debate on whether to demolish the existing building and build a new swimming hall , or instead build a new one somewhere else .
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Espoo
Swimming venues in Finland
Tapiola
Martial Arts Weekend is an album by indie-rock band The Extra Glenns , a band made up John Darnielle and Franklin Bruno . The album was released in 2002 .
Critical reception
Pitchfork wrote that `` after the initial novelty of hearing more than your average instrumentation beneath Darnielle 's literate whine , Martial Arts Weekend comes off as a semi-pleasing but second-tier Mountain Goats effort . ''
Track listing
`` Baltimore '' - 2:45
`` All Rooms Cable A/C Free Coffee '' - 1:48
`` Ultra Violet '' - 2:47
`` Twelve Hands High '' - 2:47
`` The River Song '' - 3:25
`` Somebody Else 's Parking Lot in Sebastopol '' - 2:17
`` Memories '' ( Leonard Cohen cover ) - 4:00
`` Going to Morocco '' - 2:10
`` Going to Michigan '' - 2:29
`` Terminal Grain '' - 1:58
`` Malevolent Seascape Y '' - 3:43
`` Going to Marrakesh '' - 2:47
References
2002 albums
Absolutely Kosher Records albums
Nea Manolada ( Greek : Νέα Μανολάδα ) is a community in the municipal unit of Vouprasia , Elis , southwestern Greece . It is located in a vast , rural plain , It is 3 km southwest of Neo Vouprasio , 3 km northeast of Varda and 37 km southwest of Patras . The Greek National Road 9 ( Patras - Pyrgos ) passes east of the village , and the railway Patras - Pyrgos runs through the village . In 2001 , a train derailment occurred in Nea Manolada injuring two passengers as a train was heading from Athens to Kyparissia .
See also
List of settlements in Elis
References
External links
Populated places in Elis
Golden boot compensation , also known as the Golden Boot , is an inducement , using maximum incentives and financial benefits , for an older worker to take `` voluntary '' early retirement .
See also
Compromise agreement
Golden handcuffs
Golden parachute
Layoff
Restructuring
Severance package
Voluntary Redundancy
External links
- Golden Boot Investopedia
Business terms
Employment compensation
Jean-Baptiste Bottex ( June 24 , 1918 – May 28 , 1979 ) was a Haitian painter . Hailing from Port Margot in northern Haiti , Bottex painted scenes from the Bible and daily Haitian life . His works were of the Naïve style and were displayed at the Centre d'Art . His younger brother , Seymour Bottex , ( born 1922 ) is also a noted painter .
References
1918 births
1979 deaths
20th-century Haitian painters
20th-century Haitian male artists
Haitian male painters
José Amedo ( 21 June 1918 – 30 May 2010 ) was a Spanish sports shooter . He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1918 births
2010 deaths
Spanish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Spain
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Ordes ( comarca )
Sportspeople from the Province of A Coruña
Murray Melville is a Scottish curler .
At the 1969 World Men 's Championship , called the Air Canada Silver Broom , Bill Muirhead brought Melville in to replace second Derek Scott , who had a migraine , for the semifinal against the United States . Scotland lost that game , settling for the bronze medal .
In 1970 , Muirhead brought Melville on to his team full-time , replacing Alex Young at lead . The other two members of Muirhead 's bronze medalist team , second Derek Scott and third George Haggart , stayed on in their respective positions . Melville and Team Muirhead won the Scottish men 's champion that year , taking them back to the World Championship . At World 's they won the silver medal when they lost to Don Duguid 's Team Canada in the final with a score of 4–11 .
In 1983 , Melville played third for Alan Glen 's team when they won the Perth Masters , a major bonspiel held annually in Perth , Scotland .
Teams
References
External links
Scottish male curlers
Living people
Scottish curling champions
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Nemanja Mirosavljev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Миросављев ; born May 10 , 1970 in Novi Sad , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian sport shooter . He is currently a member of SD Novi Sad 1790 .
Mirosavljev has competed at five Summer Olympics in his career , under three different flags - Independent Olympic Participants , Yugoslavia and also Serbia and Montenegro .
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , People 's Republic of China , Mirosavljev once again represented his country - Serbia . He gained his qualification by taking 5th place at the 2007 World Cup # 2 Rifle , Pistol in Sydney , Australia and competed at the 50 m Rifle 3 Positions Men event in Beijing .
He also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
Profile at Olympic Committee of Serbia Website
Profile at SportsReference
1970 births
Serbian male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters as Independent Olympic Participants
Olympic shooters of Yugoslavia
Olympic shooters of Serbia
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Living people
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Serbia
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Serbia
Competitors at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in shooting
Events from the year 1582 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Monarch : Elizabeth I
Events
April – after three years of scorched earth warfare , the provost marshal of Munster , Sir Warham St Leger , estimates that 30,000 people died of famine in his province during the previous six months and hundreds are dying in Cork .
July – Lord Grey , Lord Deputy of Ireland , is recalled to England . Sir Henry Wallop and Adam Loftus , Archbishop of Dublin , are appointed lords justices responsible for the government of Ireland to succeed him .
September – Fiach McHugh O'Byrne surrenders , ending the Second Desmond Rebellion in Leinster .
Ulick Burke secures succession to his father as 3rd Earl of Clanricarde by murdering his brother , John of the Shamrocks , and affirming his loyalty to Queen Elizabeth I of England .
Births
approx . date – Ambrose Ussher , Church of Ireland clergyman and Biblical scholar ( d. 1629 )
Deaths
April 13 – Nicholas Nugent , former Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas ( b. c.1525 ) ( hanged for treason ) .
July 24 – Richard Burke , 2nd Earl of Clanricarde , peer .
John of Desmond , rebel noble ( killed in skirmish ) .
Maoilin Mac Bruideadha , poet .
Arts and literature
March – traditional melody Cailín Óg a Stór first on record .
Annal Memoranda Gadelica begins .
References
1580s in Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Ireland
Bungarus candidus , commonly known as the Malayan krait or blue krait , is a highly venomous species of snake . The blue krait is a member of the genus Bungarus and the family Elapidae .
Description
The Malayan krait may attain a total length of , with a tail long .
Dorsally , it has a pattern of 27–34 dark-brown , black , or bluish-black crossbands on the body and tail , which are narrowed and rounded on the sides . The first crossband is continuous with the dark color of the head . The dark crossbands are separated by broad , yellowish-white interspaces , which may be spotted with black . Ventrally , it is uniformly white .
An unbanded black phenotype also occurs in some populations , reportedly in West and Central Java .
The smooth dorsal scales are arranged in 15 rows , with the vertebral row much enlarged . The ventrals number 195–237 ; the anal plate is entire ; and the single ( undivided ) subcaudals are 37–56 in number .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Southeast Asia from Indochina south to Java and Bali in Indonesia .
Venom
In mice , the intravenous for this species is 0.1 mg/kg . Its mortality rate is 60–70 % in untreated humans . The amount of venom injected is 5 mg , while the lethal dose for a 75kg human is 1 mg
References
Das , Indraneil ( 2010 ) . A Field Guide to the Reptiles of South-East Asia . New Holland Publishers .
Specific
External links
B. candidus at Thailand Snakes
candidus
Snakes of Asia
Reptiles of Cambodia
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles of Laos
Reptiles of Malaysia
Reptiles of Thailand
Snakes of Vietnam
Reptiles described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
La Romanée is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée ( AOC ) and Grand Cru vineyard for red wine in the Côte de Nuits subregion of Burgundy , with Pinot noir as the main grape variety . It is situated within the commune of Vosne-Romanée and is a monopole of the winery Comte Liger-Belair . La Romanée borders on Romanée-Conti downslope in the east , AuxReignots upslope in the west , La Grande Rue in the south , and Richebourg in the north . The AOC was created in 1936 .
Geology
Comprising an area of just , La Romanée is the smallest Grand Cru in Burgundy and the smallest AOC in France . Bazin reported : `` The slope is more marked ( 12 % ) , the soil less clayey than La Romanée-Conti . A rendzina resting on Premeaux limestone and oolite , with brown calcareous soil in the upper part . Little soil , pebbly . '' The soil structure is similar to Romanée-Conti , a fine sand-clay mixture `` feeble in the sand fraction , mixed with pebbles , based on a friable Prémeaux limestone . The depth of surface soil is much less '' according to Clive Coates .
Wine criticism
Thierry Mantoux describes it as : `` Very elegant ... fleshy ... very persistent , aromatic with the aromas of cherry , black berries ( like blackcurrant or blackberry ) , spices and undergrowth . When this wine evolves , it is completed by notes of preserves and leather and aromas due to wood . Tasters often evoke the voluptuousness and the richness of a powerful wine and full wine for long keeping . '' Remington Norman & Charles Taylor state : `` La Romanée is powerful yet delicate with fine depth , silky tannins and a long finish '' Camille Rodier has claimed , `` La Romanée is a little more full bodied and more virile than Romanée-Conti but with the same supreme elegance ''
Production
In 2008 , of vineyard surface was in production within the AOC , and 28 hectoliters of wine were produced , corresponding to around 3,700 bottles .
History
It was originally composed of six small parcels , whose area varied from one ouvrée to one journal situated in the vineyard or place-name Aux Echanges ... the declaration of the property of Saint-Vivant in 1512 says of it : 'belonging to Monsieur de Fangey ... and to several others . '' ''
At least from the end of the 16th century on the present La Romanée consisted of parcels whose names varied over the centuries : `` Es Echanges '' ( 1602 ) ; `` Es Echanges , Au Sentier du Pretre '' ( 1664 ) ; `` Au Sentier du Pretre '' ( the name of the path separating Romanée-Conti from Richebourgs ) and `` Au-dessus de la Romanée '' ( 1769 ) ; `` Echanges '' ( 1771 ) . A map of Romanée-Conti made in 1760 shows the six parcels which will become La Romanée just west of the path separating the two vineyards . An official document of 1790 refers to two of these parcels as `` En La Romanée '' . Another document relating to the sale of another of the parcels in 1794 refers again to `` d'Echanges '' ; but when this parcel is inherited in 1815 it is referred to as `` En La Romanée '' . `` In October 1791 ... the commune of Vosne was divided into 14 sections ... The six owners of Aux Echanges were integrated into the Richebourgs ''
From 1815 to 1826 General Louis Liger-Belair acquired the six parcels and in 1827 had them registered as a single parcel called La Romanée . The Forey family tended the vines and made the wine till 1991 , when following the death of the owner , the Canon Just , Louis-Michel Liger-Belair gradually took over the management of the domain .
AOC regulations
The main grape variety for La Romanée is Pinot noir . The AOC regulations also allow up to 15 per cent total of Chardonnay , Pinot blanc and Pinot gris as accessory grapes , but this is practically never used for any Burgundy Grand Cru vineyard . The allowed base yield is 35 hectoliters per hectare . A minimum planting density of 9,000 vines per hectare and a minimum grape maturity of 11.5 per cent potential alcohol is required .
See also
List of Burgundy Grand Crus
References
Burgundy ( historical region ) AOCs
Batrachorhina mirei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1969 . It is known from Cameroon .
References
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1969
Naflocort ( developmental code name SQ-26490 ) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed .
References
Diketones
Diols
Organofluorides
Glucocorticoids
Naphthalenes
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Dumlupınar , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
St Joseph is a future light rail station on Line T of the Link light rail system in Tacoma , Washington , United States . The station is expected to open in 2023 as the terminus of the line . It is located on Martin Luther King Jr. Way at South 18th Street , adjacent to St. Joseph Medical Center .
References
Link light rail stations in Pierce County , Washington
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2023
Buildings and structures in Tacoma , Washington
Transportation in Tacoma , Washington
Walter Sydney Whiting ( 23 October 1888 – 15 January 1952 ) was an English cricketer born in Bath , Somerset . He played first-class cricket for Somerset in four matches in the 1921 season and a further four in the 1923 season . He was born in Bath , Somerset and died there as well .
Whiting was an amateur right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler . In his eight matches for Somerset he batted in both the middle order and at the tail-end ; as a bowler , he took at least one wicket in every opposition innings in the games he played . In his first game against Middlesex , he shared the first innings wickets with Jack White and then took the only two wickets to fall in the second innings . His figures of four for 28 remained the best of his first-class career , and his second innings of 28 , when he top-scored for Somerset , was also his highest first-class score . Whiting played three further matches in 1921 . His first match on his return in 1923 , against Warwickshire , saw him take seven wickets , with four for 55 in the Warwickshire second innings . But after three further matches , his first-class career was over .
References
1888 births
1952 deaths
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
John Mackie Falconer ( 1820–1903 ) was a Scottish-born American etcher , painter , and watercolorist . Born in Edinburgh , he came to the United States in 1836 .
Biography
John Mackie Falconer was born in Edinburgh on May 22 , 1820 .
A full member of the New York Etching Club , he was made an honorary member of the National Academy of Design in 1856 . He is known for studies of older buildings and ruins . Falconer was a friend of Thomas Cole , Asher Durand , Jasper Francis Cropsey and other artists of the Hudson River School .
He died at his home in Brooklyn on March 12 , 1903 .
His works are in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York ; the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston ; the New-York Historical Society ; the Brooklyn Museum of Art ; and the Columbus ( Georgia ) Museum .
References
Linda S. Ferber , `` Our Mr. John M. Falconer , '' Brooklyn Before the Bridge , exhibition catalog , Brooklyn Museum , 1982 .
Francine Tyler , American Etchings of the Nineteenth Century , New York , Dover Books , 1984 , p. XVIII .
External links
Brooklyn Museum of Art : Falconer , Self Portrait Plaque
Metropolitan Museum of Art : Montmorency Falls , Canada , etching
Brooklyn Museum of Art : At Newtown Creek , Long Island
Negro Huts at Wilmington , North Carolina , etching
Smithsonian Archives of American Art
Thomas Cole 's First Studio at Catskill , New York , etching
1820 births
1903 deaths
American etchers
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
British emigrants to the United States
20th-century American printmakers
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
Lucia Francisca `` Susi '' Susanti Haditono ( ; born 11 February 1971 ) is an Indonesia retired badminton player . Relatively small of stature , she combined quick and graceful movement with elegant shotmaking technique , and is regarded by many as one of the greatest women 's singles players of all time . She is the first Indonesian Olympic gold medalist .
Career
Susanti won the women 's singles gold medal at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona , Spain and the bronze medal at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , United States . She retired from the world badminton circuit not long after her marriage to Alan Budikusuma ( who had also won a badminton singles gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics ) in February 1997 . Susanti was the most dominant women 's singles player in the first half of the 1990s , winning the England Open in 1990 , 1991 , 1993 and 1994 , the World Badminton Grand Prix Finals five times consecutively from 1990 to 1994 as well as in 1996 , and the IBF World Championships in 1993 . She is the only female player to hold the Olympic , World Championship , and All-England singles titles simultaneously . She won the Japan Open three times and the Indonesian Open six times . She also won numerous Badminton Grand Prix series events and five Badminton World Cups . She led the Indonesian team to victory over perennial champion China in the 1994 and 1996 Uber Cup ( women 's world team ) competitions . All of this came during a relatively strong period in women 's international badminton . Her chief competitors early in her prime years were the Chinese players Tang Jiuhong and Huang Hua , and , later , China 's Ye Zhaoying and the Korean Bang Soo-hyun .
Susanti was inducted into the International Badminton Federation ( IBF , currently BWF ) Hall of Fame in May 2004 , and received the Herbert Scheele Trophy in 2002 .
Playing style
Susanti was an extremely durable defensive player who liked to instigate long rallies to wear down her opponent 's stamina and invite errors . That style was in contrast to most of the top female players of her time such as Bang Soo-hyun , Tang Jiuhong , Huang Hua , and Ye Zhaoying , who employed a more aggressive style .
Susanti 's matches against top-tier opponents were characteristically slow-paced and long , especially in the era of 15 points system when a player could only earn a point when she or he held the serve . Susanti relied on deep clears to the back line , limiting the chance of a fast-paced exchange , mixed with tight drop shots , forcing her opponent to cover the entire court . Susanti frequently covered her backhand side with overhead forehands , by relying on her quickness and back-arching suppleness . Relatively short , she often stretched her legs very wide to take low shots at the corners or away from her position . Developed from training , this leg-stretching , almost balletic maneuver became a signature pose which sometimes ended with a full leg split . In the later years of her career , Susanti incorporated more smashing into her repertoire , enough to put throw off opponents expecting only a game of attrition .
Personal life
She is married to Alan Budikusuma ( ) , a men 's badminton Olympic gold medalist ( also in 1992 ) and one of the top men 's players in the history of the sport , a former Chinese Indonesian badminton player who excelled at the world level from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s . Together they have three children , Laurencia Averina , born 1999 , Albertus Edward , born 2000 , Sebastianus Fredrick , born 2003 . When the eldest son was born , Indonesia was rocked by a series of civil outbreaks and violence . Susanti decided to name her son Laurencia Averina Wiratama , which means “ peace ” , hoping that he would bring about peace in the nation .
In popular culture
A biopic in Indonesian based on Susanti 's life story , entitled Susi Susanti : Love All directed by Sim F with Laura Basuki playing the titular role and Dion Wiyoko as Alan Budikusuma was released on 24 October 2019 .
Awards and nominations
Achievements
Olympic Games
Women 's singles
World Championships
Women 's singles
World Cup
Women 's singles
Asian Games
Women 's singles
Southeast Asian Games
Women 's singles
World Junior Championships
The Bimantara World Junior Championships was an international invitation badminton tournament for junior players . It was held in Jakarta , Indonesia from 1987 to 1991 .
Girls ' singles
Girls ' doubles
Mixed doubles
IBF World Grand Prix ( 38 titles , 11 runners-up )
The World Badminton Grand Prix was sanctioned by the International Badminton Federation from 1983 to 2006 .
Women 's singles
Women 's doubles
IBF Grand Prix tournament
IBF Grand Prix Finals tournament
IBF International ( 1 title , 2 runners-up )
Women 's singles
Women 's doubles
Mixed doubles
Invitational Tournament
Women 's singles
Record against selected opponents
Record against year-end Finals finalists , World Championships semi-finalists , and Olympic quarter-finalists .
References
External links
Setelah Sepuluh Tahun Gantung Raket
Susi Susanti Sempat Tidak Tahu Masuk Daftar Rekor dunia
1971 births
Living people
People from Tasikmalaya
Sportspeople from West Java
Indonesian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Hakka sportspeople
Indonesian Roman Catholics
Indonesian female badminton players
Badminton players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Indonesia
Olympic gold medalists for Indonesia
Olympic bronze medalists for Indonesia
Olympic medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 1990 Asian Games
Badminton players at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Asian Games bronze medalists for Indonesia
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Competitors at the 1987 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1989 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1991 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1995 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in badminton
World No . 1 badminton players
Tisch Library , originally Wessell Library , is the principal library for the Medford/Somerville campus of Tufts University .
Description
The library holds 2.7 million volumes and serves as the main branch of the Tufts library system . Tisch Library has two branches focused on the arts : Lilly Music Library at the Granoff Music Center in Medford , and the W. Van Alan Clark , Jr. Library at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts at Tufts in Boston .
, the library houses stacks and the Tufts University Digital Collections and Archives on Level G ; stacks , study rooms , and the Mark Computer Lab on the first floor ; circulation , the Hirsh Reading Room , the Data Lab , and the Tower Café on the second floor ; and classroom space and the Digital Design Studio on the third floor .
History
The building was originally designed in a brutalist style by Campbell and Aldrich . Construction started in January 1964 , and the library was originally named after Tufts ' eighth president Nils Yngve Wessell . The $ 2.9 million library was dedicated in September 1965 . Wessell Library succeeded Eaton Memorial Library as the main library on campus , and was constructed next to it .
The original 1965 structure contained stacks and offices on the first floor ; circulation , a reference desk , and study space on the second floor ; and special collections , including the Crane School collection , the Tufts collection , and audio-visual aids , on the third floor .
From August 1994 to October 1996 , the library was enlarged in a $ 21 million renovation , designed by Shepley Bulfinch Richardson and Abbott . The project added to Wessell , and renovated the original structure .
Upon completion of the renovation , the library was renamed after Jonathan and Steve Tisch , who had donated $ 10 million for the project . The rechristened library was formally dedicated on October 10 , 1996 . As the library 's collections continued to grow , unfinished space beneath the first floor was converted to stacks and study space , opening to the public as `` Level G '' in 2004 . That same year , the Tower Café opened on the second floor .
References
External links
Library Digital Collections
Library buildings completed in 1965
University and college academic libraries in the United States
Buildings at Tufts University
Brutalist architecture in Massachusetts
Libraries in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Sufism is the Islamic mysticism .
Sufism may also refer to :
Sufism topics
History of Sufism , a history of Islamic mysticism .
International Association of Sufism , a nonprofit organization established to open a line of communication among Sufis all around the world
Philosophical sufism , the schools of thought in Sufism
Sufism poetry , a mystic poetry in Sufism
Western Sufism , a new religious movement in the world
Sufism by country
Sufism in Afghanistan
Sufism in Algeria
Sufism in Bangladesh
Sufism in India
Sufism in Jordan
Sufism in Pakistan
Sufism in Punjab
Sufism in Sindh
Sufism in South Asia ( disambiguation )
Sufism in the United States
See also
Sufi ( disambiguation )
Sufian ( disambiguation )
A Storm of Light is an American heavy metal band from New York City , formed in 2008 .
They have been categorized as post-rock , post-metal , doom metal , sludge metal and hard rock , but have moved toward a darker and heavier metal sound . Rock-A-Rolla magazine 's review of Nations to Flames states : `` In upping the aggression , intensity and songwriting ability , they are once again overshadowing what 's gone before and giving new reasons to appreciate a band that are already becoming one of the most crucial heavy acts around . ''
History
A Storm of Light was founded in 2008 by bassist Domenic Seita and vocalist/guitarist/keyboardist Josh Graham . Graham is a former member of the post-rock outfit Red Sparowes , songwriter in Battle of Mice , and a longtime visual artist in residence with Neurosis ( 2000–2012 ) and Soundgarden ( since 2010 ) . From 2011 , drummer Billy Graves has completed the permanent lineup .
Members
Current
Josh Graham – guitar , vocals , keyboards
Domenic Seita – bass
Billy Graves – drums ( As the Valley of Death Becomes Us , Our Silver Memories Fade & Nations to Flames )
Former
Pete Angevice – drums ( We Wept the Black Ocean Within )
Andy Rice – drums ( Forgive Us Our Trespasses )
Vinnie Signorelli – drums ( Primitive North )
Discography
Albums
And We Wept the Black Ocean Within ( 2008 , Neurot Recordings )
`` Primitive North '' Split with Nadja ( 2009 )
Forgive Us Our Trespasses ( 2009 )
As the Valley of Death Becomes Us , Our Silver Memories Fade ( 2011 , Profound Lore )
Nations to Flames ( 2013 , Southern Lord )
Anthroscene ( 2018 , Translation Loss Records )
References
External links
Official website
American doom metal musical groups
American sludge metal musical groups
American post-metal musical groups
American post-rock groups
Heavy metal musical groups from New York ( state )
Hard rock musical groups from New York ( state )
American musical trios
Musical groups established in 2008
2008 establishments in New York ( state )
Dustabad ( , also Romanized as Dūstābād ; also known as Dostābād ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 38 , in 14 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Hemibagrus camthuyensis is a species of bagrid catfish found in Vietnam .
References
Nguyen , V.H. , 2005 . Cá nước ngọt Việt Nam . Tâp II . [ Freshwater fishes of Vietnam ] . Hà Nội : Nhà xuất bản nông nghiệp , 760 p .
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Taxa named by Nguyễn Văn Hảo
Fish described in 2005
Thomas Moss is the name of :
Thomas Moss ( jurist ) ( 1836–1881 ) , Canadian jurist and politician
Thomas Moss ( minister ) ( 1740–1808 ) , English poet and cleric
Tom Moss ( 1928/29–2004 ) , staffer to Strom Thurmond , second African-American Senate staffer
Tom Moss ( politician ) ( 1928–2015 ) , American politician
See also
Moss ( surname )
The women 's 5000 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 25 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Heats
23 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 24 athletes from 18 countries participated in the event .
References
5000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Colonel Assimi Goïta ( born 1983 ) is a Malian military officer who has been interim President of Mali since 28 May 2021 . Goïta was the leader of the , a military junta that seized power from former president Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta in the 2020 Malian coup d'état . Goïta later took power from Bah Ndaw after the 2021 Malian coup d'état and has since been declared interim president of Mali .
Biography
Assimi Goïta was born in 1983 . The son of an officer of the Malian Armed Forces , he was trained in the military academies of Mali and notably attended the and the Joint Military School in Koulikoro . He is married to Lala Diallo , who is a member of the Fula people .
Goïta served as a colonel in the Autonomous Special Forces Battalion , the special forces unit of the Malian Armed Forces . He heads the Malian special forces in the center of the country with the rank of colonel . He is thus confronted with the jihadist insurgency in Mali . In 2018 , he met Mamady Doumbouya , from Guinea , in Burkina Faso during a training session organised by the US army , which was reserved for the region 's special forces commanders . Both he and Mamady Doumbouya would later launch military coups against their governments .
Goïta serves as the leader of the National Committee for the Salvation of the People , a group of rebels who overthrew Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta in the 2020 Malian coup d'état , and have pledged to initiate new elections to replace him . Because of this pledge , the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) pressured Mali 's ruling junta for the country to be led by a civilian . On 21 September he was named vice president by a group of 17 electors , with Bah Ndaw being appointed president . He was appointed vice president of the Transition on 21 September 2020 , a position he will hold for 18 months , until new elections . He took the oath of office on 25 September 2020 . On 1 October 2020 , the `` Mali Transition Letter '' was published where it was specified , in response to the request of the ECOWAS , that the vice president `` in charge of defense and security issues '' would not be able to replace President Bah Ndaw .
Goïta received training from the United States , France , and Germany , and had experience working with United States Army Special Forces .
On 24 May 2021 , Goïta was involved in the 2021 Malian coup d'état , after which he seized power . President Ndaw and Prime Minister Moctar Ouane were detained . Goïta claimed that Ndaw was attempting to `` sabotage '' the transition to democracy , and committed to elections in 2022 . The coup was instigated by Goïta 's claim that Ndaw failed to consult him about a cabinet reshuffle . It was alleged that one of the motives for the latest coup was the removal of Colonel Sadio Camara as defense minister . Camara was appointed again as defense minister by Goïta upon taking over again .
On 28 May 2021 , the constitutional court declared him interim president of Mali . The court ruling stated that Goïta should carry the title `` president of the transition , head of state '' to `` lead the transition process to its conclusion '' . On the same day , he said that he would name a prime minister from the M5-RFP coalition .
Assassination attempt
On 20 July 2021 , during an assassination attempt , Goïta was attacked by a knifeman while praying at the Grand Mosque in Bamako amid festivities for the Eid al-Adha . The attacker was then immediately arrested after failing to stab the President . Overall two men were arrested by the security forces . One of them was however found to be a special forces soldier wrongly assumed to be the attacker 's accomplice . The knifeman , identified as a teacher , died in custody five days after the attack . The cause of death is unknown .
References
1983 births
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Leaders who took power by coup
Heads of state of Mali
Malian military personnel
Vice presidents of Mali
Colonels ( military rank )
21st-century Malian people
Walter Vera ( 29 March 1928 – 24 May 2018 ) was an Uruguayan sports shooter . He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1928 births
2018 deaths
Uruguayan male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Uruguay
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Durazno
Regardt van den Bergh is a South African film and television actor , film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Recognition
Regardt received the Ischia Global Award at the 7th Annual Ischia Global Film & Music Festival , Ischia , Italy , on 12 July 2009 .
Partial filmography
References
External links
Official website
South African male film actors
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
South African film directors
South African film producers
South African screenwriters
South African male television actors
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Club de Campo Villa de Madrid is a country and sports club located in Madrid , Spain . The club was formed in 1929 , and is one of the most known in the city . It has a wide array of sports facilities including two championship 18-hole golf courses , hockey pitches , tennis and padel courts , horse-riding facilities and swimming pools .
Many are the sporting events celebrated annually at the club , including the Spain Golf Open and the Longines Global Champions Tour .
Golf
The Javier Arana designed Negro ( or Black ) course opened in 1956 , and has hosted the Open de España on many occasions . It has also been the venue for former European Tour events , the Madrid Masters and the Open de Madrid .
The Amarillo ( or Yellow ) course was designed by Seve Ballesteros .
Hockey
The men 's team won their first title in the 2020–21 season and the women 's team have the most national titles with 22 . The club hosted the 2006 Women 's World Cup , won by The Netherlands .
Honours
Men
División de Honor
Winners ( 1 ) : 2020–21
Runners-up ( 7 ) : 1957–58 , 1980–81 , 1981–82 , 1985–86 , 2009–10 , 2010–11 , 2012–13
Copa del Rey
Winners ( 13 ) : 1934 , 1935 , 1936 , 1940 , 1953 , 1954 , 1956 , 1977 , 1978 , 2004 , 2005 , 2011 , 2012
Euro Hockey League
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2010–11
EuroHockey Cup Winners Cup
Winners ( 1 ) 2005
EuroHockey Indoor Club Cup
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2009
EuroHockey Indoor Club Trophy
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2006
Women
División de Honor
Winners ( 22 ) : 1973–74 , 1974–75 , 1975–76 , 1983–84 , 1986–87 , 1987–88 , 1988–89 , 1989–90 , 1990–91 , 1991–92 , 1994–95 , 2003–04 , 2006–07 , 2008–09 , 2009–10 , 2010–11 , 2011–12 , 2013–14 , 2014–15 , 2016–17 , 2018–19 , 2020–21
Copa de la Reina
Winners ( 18 ) : 1989 , 1991 , 1992 , 1995 , 1999 , 2006 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2014 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , 2019 , 2020 , 2022
Euro Hockey League
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2021
EuroHockey Club Champions Cup
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2008
EuroHockey Club Trophy
Winners ( 1 ) : 2019
Runners-up ( 2 ) : 1989 , 2017
EuroHockey Cup Winners Cup
Winners ( 1 ) : 2007
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2009
EuroHockey Indoor Club Cup
Runners-up ( 7 ) : 2008 , 2010 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2018
EuroHockey Indoor Club Trophy
Winners ( 1 ) : 2005
Current squad
Men 's squad
Head coach : Pablo Usoz
Women 's squad
Head coach : Eduardo Aguilar
Tennis
The club hosted the 2008 Fed Cup final , when Russia defeated Spain 4–0 .
References
External links
Club de Campo Villa de Madrid
Golf clubs and courses in Spain
Spanish field hockey clubs
Tennis clubs in Spain
Sports venues in Madrid
Sports teams in Madrid
1929 establishments in Spain
Field hockey clubs established in 1931
Buildings and structures in Ciudad Universitaria neighborhood , Madrid
Thillana Thillana is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language comedy drama film directed by T. S. Saji and produced by M. A. Nishad . The film stars Krishna , Jomol , Kaveri , Kalabhavan Navas and Jagathy Sreekumar . It was completed in 2000 , but remained unreleased for almost three years due to financial issues .
Plot
The movie deals with a young college boy named Bobby , trying to find his hidden lover . He mistakes for Malavika to be his lover who has been giving a couple of letter and phone calls and falls in love with her . The movie continues as Bobby does various things to impress her .
Bobby ( Krishna ) , Govind ( Harisri Asokan ) and Asokan ( Navas ) are students and stay together along with Ujvalan ( Jagathy Sreekumar ) , their cook . Nandana ( Joe Mol ) and Malavika ( Kaveri ) are their college mates . Nandana likes Bobby but she does not reveal it to him and makes anonymous calls and sends cards . But Bobby misunderstands Malavika to be his secret lover and to find out the truth Bobby dresses as a girl Srilakshmi and enters Malavika ? s hostel . He succeeds in sharing a room with Malavika and soon they become friends . Malavika takes Lakshmi home and introduces her to brother Prakash . Lakshmi starts telling Malavika about Bobby and soon she falls in love with him . But all plans go haywire at a fashion parade where Bobby is exposed . Suresh Gopi who is the chief guest at the function intervenes and all problems are sorted out .
Cast
Krishna as Bobby/Sreelakshmi ( fake lady get-up )
Jomol as Malavika
Kaveri as Vandana
Kalabhavan Navas as Govindan
Jagathy Sreekumar as Ujjwal
Harishree Ashokan as Balakrishnan
Baiju Santhosh
Jagadish as K. P. Omanakuttan
Kaviyoor Renuka as Saroja Menon
Suresh Gopi as Himself ( Cameo Appearance )
Mukesh as Commissioner Balachandran IPS ( Cameo )
Kunchacko Boban as Singer Vijay Varma ( Cameo Appearance )
Saju Kodiyan as The Priest
Shaju Sreedhar
References
External links
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Pahari painting ( literally meaning a painting from the mountainous regions : pahar means a mountain in Hindi ) is an umbrella term used for a form of Indian painting , done mostly in miniature forms , originating from Himalayan hill kingdoms of North India , during 17th-19th century , notably Basohli , Mankot , Nurpur , Chamba , Kangra , Guler , Mandi and Garhwal . Nainsukh was a famous master of the mid-18th century , followed by his family workshop for another two generations . The central theme of Pahari painting is depiction of eternal love of Hindu deities Radha and Krishna .
Origin and area
The Pahari school developed and flourished during 17th-19th centuries stretching from Jammu to Garhwal , in the sub-Himalayan India , through Himachal Pradesh . Each created stark variations within the genre , ranging from bold intense Basohli Painting , originating from Basohli in Jammu and Kashmir , to the delicate and lyrical Kangra paintings , which became synonymous to the style before other schools of paintings developed , and finally to the poetic and cinematic representations in Garhwali Paintings by Mola Ram . The Kangra style reached its pinnacle with paintings of Radha and Krishna , inspired by Jayadeva 's Gita Govinda .
Pahari painting grew out of the Mughal painting , though this was patronized mostly by the Rajput kings who ruled many parts of the region , and gave birth to a new idiom in Indian painting . Some local antecedents have also been suggested , as a vivid Kashmiri tradition of mural paintings flourished between the 9th and 17th centuries , as seen in the murals of Alchi Monastery or Tsaparang .
Schools of Pahari painting
Guler School
Kangra School
Chamba School
Garhwal School
Bilaspur , Himachal Pradesh
Famous examples
Krishna and Radha in a Pavilion
Further reading
Pahari Masters : Court Painters of Northern India by B. N. Goswamy and Eberhard Fischer Artibus Asiae . Supplementum , Vol . 38 , Pahari Masters : Court Painters of Northern India ( 1992 ) , pp . 3–391 .
Wall Paintings of The Western Himalayas , by Mira Seth . Publications Division . 1976 .
Garhwal Paintings , by Mukandi Lal . Publications Division . 1982 .
Punjab Painting - Study in Art and Culture , by R P Srivastava . Abhinav Publications . 1983. .
Centres of Pahari Painting , by Chandramani Singh . Published by Abhinav Publications , 1982. .
Portfolio - The Bhagavata Paintings from Mankot , by Karl Khandalavala . Lalit Kala Akademi . 1981 .
On the origins of Pahari Painting , by Vishwa Chander Ohri , Joseph Jacobs . Indian Institute of Advanced Study . 1991. .
Nainsukh of Guler : A Great Indian Painter from a Small Hill-state by B.N . Goswamy . Niyogi Books . 2011 .
Nala and Damayanti : A Great Series of Paintings of an Old Indian Romance . Niyogi Books '' . 1st Edition . 2015 .
References
Further reading
Kossak , Steven . ( 1997 ) . Indian court painting , 16th-19th century . Metropolitan Museum of Art . { ISBN|0870997831 }
External links
Indian Court Painting , 16th-19th Century from the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Himalayan art
Schools of Indian painting
Culture of Uttarakhand
Culture of Himachal Pradesh
Culture of Jammu and Kashmir
The 1948–49 Yugoslav Second League season was the 3rd season of the Second Federal League ( ) , the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia , since its establishment in 1946 .
Teams
A total of ten teams contested the league , including four sides from the 1947–48 season , three clubs relegated from the 1947–48 Yugoslav First League and three sides promoted from the third tier leagues played in the 1947–48 season . The league was contested in a double round robin format , with each club playing every other club twice , for a total of 18 rounds . Two points were awarded for a win and one point for draws .
Sarajevo and Spartak Subotica were relegated from the 1947–48 Yugoslav First League after finishing in the bottom two places of the league table , while Vardar lost to Naša Krila Zemun in the relegation play-offs . The three clubs promoted to the second level were Dinamo Skopje , Podrinje Šabac and Proleter Osijek .
League table
See also
1948–49 Yugoslav First League
1948–49 Yugoslav Cup
References
Yugoslav Second League seasons
Yugo
2
The fixture between Djurgårdens IF and Hammarby IF is a local derby in Stockholm , Sweden . This important football rivalry traces its origin back to a tug-of-war tournament in 1894 .
There is a certain social aspect in the Hammarby - Djurgården rivalry . Hammarby consider the formerly working class neighbourhood of Södermalm , where their former home ground Söderstadion is situated , their stronghold . Djurgården count Östermalm , an affluent neighbourhood that forms the eastern part of the city centre , and where their former home ground Stadion is situated , as their stronghold . ( Both clubs also maintain a cross-town rivalry with AIK , whose stronghold is the northwestern Stockholm urban area , where their home ground is situated . )
The two teams did not meet for five years ( 2010-2014 ) when Hammarby played in the second tier Superettan with Djurgården remaining in Allsvenskan . In 2013 , both Djurgården and Hammarby moved into the newly built Tele2 Arena located in Johanneshov , just south of the city centre . This increased tensions significantly between the two sets of fans .
Matches
Djurgårdens IF in the league at home
Hammarby IF in the league at home
Cup
Records
Biggest wins ( 5+ goals )
Longest runs
Most consecutive wins
Most appearances
Goalscorers
Top scorers
Consecutive goalscoring
Shared player history
Transfers
Oscar Gustafsson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1916 )
Bertil Andersson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1933 )
Axel Sidén ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1935 )
Arvid Schough ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1939 )
Ingmar Holm ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1940 )
Gösta Lantz ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1941 )
Bertil Jansson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1948 )
Erik Ernström ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1950 )
Axel Eriksson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1951 )
Aldor Eriksson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1951 )
Folke Holmberg ( Hammarby to Djurgården ) ( 1951 )
Folke Holmberg ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1953 )
Hans Holmqvist ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1984 )
Kjell Granqvist ( Hammarby to Djurgården ) ( 1986 )
Leif Strandh ( Hammarby to Djurgården ) ( 1991 )
Leif Strandh ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1992 )
Kaj Eskelinen ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1998 )
Johan Andersson ( Djurgården to Hammarby ) ( 1998 )
Hjalmar Ekdal ( Hammarby to Djurgården ) ( 2021 )
Played for both clubs
Paul Lundberg ( Djurgården to Åtvidaberg to Hammarby ) ( 1936 )
Jan Svensson ( Djurgården to IS Halmia Hammarby ) ( 1974 )
Dan Brzokoupil ( Djurgården to Landskrona to Hammarby ) ( 1975 )
Lars Stenbäck ( Djurgården to IFK Västerås to Hammarby ) ( 1976 )
Thomas Sunesson ( Djurgården to Brommapojkarna to Hammarby ) ( 1989 )
Klebér Saarenpää ( Djurgården to IFK Norrköping to AaB to Sirius to Hammarby ) ( 2005 )
Rami Shaaban ( Djurgården to Arsenal to Brighton & Hove Albion to Fredrikstad to Hammarby ) ( 2008 )
Louay Chanko ( Djurgården to Malmö FF to AEK Athens to Hammarby ) ( 2009 )
Jesper Blomqvist ( Djurgården to Enköping to Hammarby ) ( 2010 )
Luis Antonio Rodríguez ( Djurgården to AaB to Sunkar to Hammarby ) ( 2012 )
Stefan Batan ( Djurgården to Assyriska to Hammarby ) ( 2014 )
Played for one club , managed the other
Sören Åkeby ( played for Hammarby , managed Djurgården )
Michael Andersson ( played for Hammarby , managed Djurgården )
Michael Borgqvist ( played for Djurgården , managed Hammarby )
Tommy Davidsson ( played for Djurgården , managed Hammarby )
Kim Bergstrand ( played for Hammarby , managed Djurgården )
Managed both clubs
1 Only competitive matches are counted .
See also
AIK Fotboll–Hammarby Fotboll rivalry
Tvillingderbyt
References
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Hammarby Fotboll
Football derbies in Sweden
Football in Stockholm
The 1911–12 season was the seventh in the history of the Isthmian League , an English football competition .
Tunbridge Wells and Woking joined the league this season . London Caledonians were champions , winning their third Isthmian League title .
League table
References
Isthmian League seasons
I
The 302nd Tactical Missile Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit . Its last assignment was with the 487th Tactical Missile Wing at Comiso Air Station , Italy , where it was inactivated in 1991 with the implementation of the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty .
The squadron was first activated in 1943 as the 822nd Bombardment Squadron . After training , it moved to the Southwest Pacific Theater , where it flew North American B-25 Mitchell medium bombers in combat . The squadron was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation and a Philippine Presidential Unit Citation for its actions . In late 1945 , the squadron moved to Japan , where it became part of the occupation forces before inactivating in the spring of 1946 .
The squadron was reactivated in France 1953 , when it replaced an Air National Guard squadron that had been mobilized for the Korean War . In 1958 , the Air Force withdrew its tactical bombers from Europe but the squadron remained active as the 822nd Tactical Missile Squadron when it replaced the 11th Tactical Missile Squadron at Sembach Air Base . It operated MGM-1 Matador and MGM-13 Mace missiles at Sembach until inactivating in 1966 . The squadron was again activated in 1983 as the 302nd Tactical Missile Squadron when the Air Force deployed BGM-109G Gryphon cruise missiles to Europe .
History
World War II
The squadron was first activated in April 1943 in Australia as the 822nd Bombardment Squadron , a North American B-25 Mitchell medium bomber squadron , along with the 823d Bombardment Squadron . The 822nd and 823d squadrons were organized to replace the 69th and 70th Bombardment Squadrons , which had been transferred from the 38th Bombardment Group to the 42nd Bombardment Group in February .
After equipping , the 822nd moved to New Guinea , where it joined the other elements of the 38th Group . It flew bombardment missions against Japanese shipping and airfields . The 822nd was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation ( DUC ) for bombing and strafing Japanese troops and fortifications located on New Britain 's Cape Gloucester to prepare for an amphibious attack on the island in December 1943 . It earned a second DUC for attacks on Japanese ships and airfields on 16 and 17 June 1944 .
The 822nd moved to the Molucca Islands in November and attacked targets in the Philippines to prepare for the American attack on Leyte . In November it struck a large enemy convoy in Ormoc Bay , preventing Japanese reinforcements from reaching the battle area , for which it was awarded its third DUC . After moving to the Philippines , it continued to support ground forces fighting there , while also flying missions along the Chinese coast and to Formosa .
It moved to Okinawa in July 1945 and conducted several missions against southern Japan before VJ Day . In November it moved to Japan and briefly became part of the occupation forces until inactivating there in April 1946 .
Reactivation in Europe
The 822nd was reactivated at Laon-Couvron Air Base , France on 1 January 1953 . It assumed the mission , personnel and Douglas B-26 Invader light bombers of the 180th Bombardment Squadron , a Missouri Air National Guard squadron that had been mobilized for the Korean War , but was being returned to State control at the end of its active duty tour . Over the next two years , the squadron completed an upgrade of its Invader force to planes equipped for night intruder missions . As facilities at Laon were completed , it was able to move from tents to permanent buildings .
In January 1955 , the squadron 's pilots began flying missions in jet Lockheed T-33 T-Birds to prepare them for conversion to Martin B-57B Canberras . It would not be until the end of the year before the first B-57Cs , equipped with dual controls were on hand , so for some squadron pilots , their first solo in the Canberra was also their first flight in the bomber . In July 1955 , the squadron 's mission was changed from night intruder missions to the delivery of nuclear weapons .
Starting in January 1956 , the squadron , along with the other squadrons of the 38th Wing , began to rotate aircrews and aircraft to Landstuhl Air Base , where they stood alert with nuclear weapons ( called Zulu Alert ) . The squadron also participated in the wing 's maintenance of twelve aircraft on alert at its home station . To maintain efficiency in its operational mission , the squadron deployed to Wheelus Air Base , Libya for gunnery and bombing practice . In December 1957 , the 38th Bombardment Wing converted to the dual deputy organization . The 38th Bombardment Group was inactivated and the squadron was assigned directly to wing headquarters .
At the start of 1958 , the squadron began transferring its B-57s back to the United States . By 18 June , the squadron 's operations at Laon had ceased .
Conversion to missile unit
The end of the B-57 bomber mission in Europe did not , however , result in the inactivation of the squadron . On 18 June , the 38th Wing moved to Germany , where it replaced the 701st Tactical Missile Wing . The 822nd moved on paper to Sembach Air Base , where it became the 822nd Tactical Missile Squadron and assumed the mission , personnel and Martin TM-61 Matador missiles of the 11th Tactical Missile Squadron , which was simultaneously inactivated . The wing 's squadrons were dispersed among several bases in Germany , and the squadron was assigned to the missile group at Sembach , the 587th Tactical Missile Group .
The wing 's missiles at Sembach were located at three remote missile launch sites . The squadron operated Site I `` Chargirl '' , which was located SSW of Sembach AB , near Mehlingen . It was redeveloped into a training facility of the local Kaiserslautern soccer club . The launch pads have been completely overbuilt with soccer fields .
In September 1962 , the 38th Wing reorganized , eliminating its groups . As a result , the squadron was now assigned directly to the 38th Tactical Missile Wing . At the same time , the wing completed its upgrade from Matadors to the TM-76 Mace missile . The Mace was a development of the Matador , with an internal guidance system . This reorganization included the activation of two additional squadrons at Sembach , the 823rd and 887th Tactical Missile Squadrons , which took over the operation of Sites 2 and 3 from the 822d .
It then remained as a tactical missile unit until 1966 when the A model of the Mace was retired and the last missiles were shipped to Eglin Air Force Base . Florida to be used as targets .
Ground launched cruise missiles
The squadron was redesignated the 302nd Tactical Missile Squadron and again activated in July 1983 at Comiso Air Station and assigned to the 487th Tactical Missile Wing , the second operational BGM-109G Gryphon cruise missile wing to activate . Almost as soon as the Gryphons deployed in Europe , protests erupted against them , but Comiso was located on Sicily , far from the large population centers of Italy and was largely exempt from these demonstrations .
By the time the Gryphons were fully deployed in 1987 , talks between the United States and the Soviet Union had begun that led to the signing of the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty , banning the missiles from Europe . The last missiles were gone by May 1991 , and the squadron inactivated on the 27th of that month .
Lineage
Constituted as the 822nd Bombardment Squadron ( Medium ) on 29 March 1943
Activated on 20 April 1943
Redesignated 822nd Bombardment Squadron , Medium in 1944
Inactivated on 12 April 1946
Redesignated 822nd Bombardment Squadron , Light on 15 November 1952
Activated on 1 January 1953
Redesignated 822nd Bombardment Squadron , Tactical on 1 October 1955
Redesignated 822nd Tactical Missile Squadron on 18 June 1958
Inactivated on 25 September 1966
Redesignated 302nd Tactical Missile Squadron on 11 January 1982
Activated on 1 July 1983
Inactivated 27 May 1991
Assignments
38th Bombardment Group , 20 April 1943 – 12 April 1946
38th Bombardment Group , 1 January 1953
38th Bombardment Wing , 8 December 1957
587th Tactical Missile Group , 18 June 1958
38th Tactical Missile Wing , 25 September 1962 – 25 September 1966
487th Tactical Missile Wing , 1 July 1983 – 27 May 1991
Stations
Amberley Field , Queensland , Australia , 20 April 1943
Durand Airfield , Port Moresby , New Guinea , c. 20 June 1943
Nadzab Airfield Complex , New Guinea , 8 March 1944
Mokmer Airfield , Biak , Schouten Islands , Netherlands East Indies , 25 August 1944
Pitroe Airfield , Morotai , Netherlands East Indies , 6 November 1944
Lingayen Airfield , Luzon , Philippines , 20 January 1945
Motobu Airfield , Okinawa , 25 July 1945
Itazuke Airfield , Japan , 22 November 1945 – 12 April 1946
Laon-Couvron Air Base , France , 1 January 1953
Sembach Air Base , Germany , 18 June 1958 – 25 September 1966
Comiso Air Station , 1 July 1983 – 27 May 1991
Aircraft and missiles
North American B-25 Mitchell , 1943–1946
Douglas B-26 Invader , 1953–1955
Martin B-57 Canberra , 1955–1958
Martin TM-61 ( later MGM-1 ) Matador , 1958–1960
Martin TM-76A ( later MGM-13A ) Mace , 1961–1966
BGM-109G Gryphon , 1983–1991
See also
List of United States Air Force missile squadrons
List of B-57 units of the United States Air Force
List of A-26 Invader operators
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Missile squadrons of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations of the United States in the Cold War
Congresstrading.com is a commercial website that provides access to a database of financial disclosures of members of the United States Congress . It also provides a forum to discuss Congress ' stock trades , according to WXII 12 , an NBC affiliate news station . Congress is required to publicly disclose their financial transactions by the STOCK Act .
History
Since its founding in October 2020 , congresstrading.com has been credited by various news organizations for providing and disclosing information related to financial transactions by members of Congress . In January 2021 , the New York Times reported that Speaker Nancy Pelosi purchased Tesla stock options based on information sourced from congresstrading.com . In October 2021 CNBC , CNN , and the Washington Post reported that Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene bought shares of Trump SPAC Digital World Acquisition Corp based on information provided by congresstrading.com .
References
External links
2020 establishments in the United States
Legislative branch of the United States government
Insider trading
American websites
Internet properties established in 2020
Online databases
Bernard Malissen , born on 29 November 1953 in Agen , is a French biology researcher specialising in immunology . Research Director at the CNRS , he was also Director of the Marseille-Luminy Immunology Centre from 1995 to 2005 .
Biography
Bernard Malissen obtained his PhD in science in 1982 . He joined the CNRS , where he worked with François Kourilsky and Claude Mawas . For many years , he headed an Inserm research unit in Marseille-Luminy . In 1995 , he became Director of the Marseille-Luminy Immunology Centre . In 2003 , he was elected a member of the French Academy of sciences .
Bernard Malissen is the founder and director of the Centre for Immunophenomics ( CIPHE ) .
Scientific contributions
Bernard Malissen 's work focused mainly on describing the genetic recombination mechanisms that allow the synthesis of T-cell receptors ( TCR ) - the surface receptor that triggers cell differentiation of the T-cell that carries it and contributes to the body 's defences against infectious agents or tumours - and on studying their three-dimensional structure .
In the 1980s , he also developed gene transfer approaches to reconstruct the TCR multi-molecular complex from scratch to study how it induces T lymphocyte activation , and then his team developed transgenic mouse models to study T cell development and function in their physiological context .
Using functional genomics tools , Bernard Malissen was able to describe the different types of dendritic cells - which are responsible for capturing and presenting T cell antigens particularly effectively - present in tissues such as skin and how they perform sentinel functions . To understand the complexity of signal transduction networks involved in the activation of T cells and dendritic cells , Bernard Malissen is currently using so-called `` omics '' approaches to simultaneously measure a large number of parameters and describe how T lymphocytes function under normal and pathological conditions .
Awards and honours
1982 : CNRS Bronze medal
1986 : Prize of the Foundation for Medical Research
1988 : Bernard Halpern Prize
1996 : CNRS silver medal
2005 : Grand Prix de la recherche médicale de l'Inserm
2018 : Grand Prize of the Foundation for Medical Research
References
1953 births
People from Agen
French biologists
French immunologists
CNRS research directors
CNRS awards
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Living people
The 1973 Penn State Nittany Lions baseball team represented Pennsylvania State University in the 1973 NCAA University Division baseball season . The head coach was Chuck Bedlar , serving his 11th year .
The Nittany Lions lost in the College World Series , defeated by the Oklahoma Sooners .
Roster
Schedule
! style= '' '' | Regular Season
|- valign= '' top ''
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 1 || May 29 || at || Unknown • Williamsburg , Virginia || 1–3 || 0–1
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 2 || May 29 || at William & Mary || Unknown • Williamsburg , Virginia || 2–1 || 1–1
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 3 || April 7 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 6–5 || 2–1
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 4 || April 11 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 8–7 || 3–1
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 5 || April 14 || at || Unknown • Piscataway , New Jersey || 3–4 || 3–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 6 || April 14 || at Rugters || Unknown • Piscataway , New Jersey || 8–0 || 4–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 7 || April 17 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 5–2 || 5–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 8 || April 20 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 22–3 || 6–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 9 || April 21 || at || Unknown • Washington , D. C. || 6–4 || 7–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 10 || April 24 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 12–0 || 8–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 11 || April 26 || at || Unknown • Gettysburg , Pennsylvania || 4–3 || 9–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 12 || April 29 || at || Unknown • Lawrenceville , New Jersey || 0–10 || 9–3
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 13 || April 29 || at Rider || Unknown • Lawrenceville , New Jersey || 6–0 || 10–3
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 14 || May 4 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 8–0 || 11–3
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 15 || May 6 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 1–3 || 11–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 16 || May 6 || Temple || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 3–2 || 12–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 17 || May 9 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 17–6 || 13–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 18 || May 13 || || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 17–0 || 14–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 19 || May 13 || Buffalo || Beaver Field • University Park , Pennsylvania || 6–0 || 15–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 20 || May 16 || at || Unknown • Indiana , Pennsylvania || 6–0 || 16–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 21 || May 16 || at IUP || Unknown • Indiana , Pennsylvania || 0–2 || 16–5
|-
|-
|-
! style= '' '' | Postseason
|- valign= '' top ''
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 22 || May 26 || vs || Unknown • West Windsor , New Jersey || 5–3 || 17–5
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 23 || May 26 || vs Buffalo || Unknown • West Windsor , New Jersey || 3–1 || 18–5
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 24 || May 26 || vs Temple || Unknown • West Windsor , New Jersey || 4–2 || 19–5
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 25 || June 8 || vs Arizona State || Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium • Omaha , Nebraska || 1–3 || 19–6
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 26 || June 9 || vs || Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium • Omaha , Nebraska || 0–6 || 19–7
|-
|-
|
References
Penn State Nittany Lions baseball seasons
Penn State Nittany Lions baseball
College World Series seasons
Lianhua Station is a metro station at Chengdu , Sichuan , China . It was opened on December 18 , 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8 .
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Árni Sveinsson ( born 12 February 1956 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder . He won 50 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1975 and 1985 .
Árni began his career with ÍA and made his senior debut during the 1973 season . He went on to play 199 league matches for the club , scoring 28 goals . During the winter of 1978–79 , he had a spell with Dutch Eerste Divisie side SBV Excelsior , where he scored twice in four appearances . In 1987 , Árni joined 3. deild club Stjarnan , where was a part of the team that won successive promotions in 1988 and 1989 . In total , he played 64 league matches for Stjarnan and scored 42 goals . Árni played three games for Aris Bonnevoie in Luxembourg in the 1990–91 season , before signing with Dalvík upon his return to Iceland . After a year with Dalvík , he returned to Stjarnan for one season before retiring from football in 1992 .
As a youth , Árni won seven caps for the Iceland national under-19 football team . He made scored his first international goal in the 5–3 win against Scotland U19 on 12 April 1974 , and scored twice in a 5–1 win over Faroe Islands U19 later the same year . Árni won his first senior cap on 23 June 1975 as Iceland recorded a 6–0 victory over the Faroe Islands . He netted his first senior goal for Iceland in his second match , a 1–1 draw with Norway . Árni went on to make 50 appearances for his country over the following 10 seasons , scoring four goals . His final international cap came on 12 July 1985 , as he played the full match in Iceland 's 1–0 win over the Faroe Islands .
References
Árni Sveinsson international appearances at ksi.is
1956 births
Living people
Arni Sveinsson
Association football midfielders
Arni Sveinsson
Excelsior Rotterdam players
Arni Sveinsson
Arni Sveinsson
The Queen 's Gambit Declined ( or QGD ) is a chess opening in which Black declines a pawn offered by White in the Queen 's Gambit :
1. d4 d5
2. c4 e6
This is known as the Orthodox Line of the Queen 's Gambit Declined . When the `` Queen 's Gambit Declined '' is mentioned , it is usually assumed to be referring to the Orthodox Line ; see `` Other lines '' below .
The Orthodox Line can be reached by a number of different , such as 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 d5 ; 1.d4 e6 2.c4 d5 ; 1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 ; 1.Nf3 d5 2.c4 e6 3.d4 ; and so on .
General concepts
Playing 2 ... e6 releases Black 's dark-squared bishop , while obstructing his light-squared bishop . By declining White 's temporary pawn sacrifice , Black erects a solid position ; the pawns on d5 and e6 give Black a foothold in the . The Queen 's Gambit Declined has the reputation of being one of Black 's most reliable defenses to 1.d4 . In this situation , White will try to exploit the passivity of Black 's light-squared bishop , and Black will try to release it , trade it , or prove that , while passive , the bishop has a useful defensive role .
An eventual ... dxc4 by Black will surrender the centre to White , and Black will usually not do this unless he can extract a concession , usually in the form of gaining a , by capturing on c4 only after White has played Bd3 first . In the Orthodox Line , the fight for the tempo revolves around White 's efforts to play all other useful developing moves prior to playing Bd3 .
Other lines
In its broadest sense , the Queen 's Gambit Declined is any variation of the Queen 's Gambit in which Black does not play ... dxc4 . Variations other than the Orthodox Line have their own names and are usually treated separately .
1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 and eventual ... c6 – Semi-Slav Defense
1.d4 d5 2.c4 c6 – Slav Defense
1.d4 d5 2.c4 e5 – Albin Countergambit
1.d4 d5 2.c4 Nc6 – Chigorin Defense
1.d4 d5 2.c4 Bf5 – Baltic Defense
1.d4 d5 2.c4 c5 – Symmetrical Defense ( or Austrian Defense )
1.d4 d5 2.c4 Nf6 – Marshall Defense
Of the 34 games played in the 1927 World Championship between Alexander Alekhine and José Raúl Capablanca , all except the first and third began with the Queen 's Gambit Declined .
Black avoids 3 ... Nf6
After 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 ( other third moves are also possible : 3.cxd5 may be played to lead to the Exchange line , 3.Nf3 keeps options open , 3.g3 will transpose to the Catalan , and 3.e4 transposes to the Diemer–Duhm_Gambit in the French Defense ) , Black 's main move is 3 ... Nf6 , though he has other options as well :
3 ... c5 , the Tarrasch Defense , if Black is willing to accept an .
3 ... Be7 , the Alatortsev Variation . At top level , this has recently been played much more often than Nf6 . Sometimes , this transposes to positions arising from 3 ... Nf6 , and has the advantage , from Black 's standpoint , of avoiding the insidious pressure of the main lines in the Exchange Variation arising after 3 ... Nf6 4.cxd5 exd5 5.Bg5 with an annoying pin . In many cases , the game will simply transpose into the main lines after 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 , or , White can now play 4. cxd5 exd5 5 . Bf4 c6 6. e3 , when 6 ... Bf5 7.g4 became a topical line after its adoption by Mikhail Botvinnik in his 1963 title match with Tigran Petrosian . 6.Qc2 is also popular . These exchange lines are more popular than transposing at top level .
3 ... c6 , now the Semi-Slav Defense may be reached via 4.Nf3 Nf6 , though 4.e4 dxe4 5.Nxe4 Bb4+ 6.Bd2 ( 6.Nc3 c5 gives little ) 6 ... Qxd4 7.Bxb4 Qxe4+ 8.Be2 leads to a sharp struggle , and 4.Nf3 dxc4 is the Noteboom Variation , also sometimes known as the Abrahams Variation , after the English master , Gerald Abrahams .
3 ... Bb4 , confusing a Nimzo-Indian with a Queen 's Gambit ( also known as the Berg defense , named for the Latvian player , Theodor Berg ( 1902–1966 ) who played it against Alexander Alekhine at the Kemeri Tournament of 1937 ) , and at this point an inaccuracy . Lines that attempt to punish 3 ... Bb4 include 4.Qa4+ Nc6 5.Nf3 where Black is forced to block the c-pawn with the knight , and 4.a3 Bxc3+ 5.bxc3 and White has the bishop pair almost for free ( on the average worth half a pawn ) , since cxd5 is unstoppable and there will be no doubled pawns as a counterbalance . White also has the option of 4 . Nf3 Nf6 transposing into the Ragozin Variation .
3 ... a6 , the Janowski Variation , gained some interest in 2021 after being tried by world champion Magnus Carlsen . The move threatens dxc4 followed by b5 , attempting to hold on to the pawn . For this reason , White usually plays cxd5 first .
Black plays 3 ... Nf6
Lines beginning with the moves 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Nf6 are covered by ECO codes D35–D69 . These are old lines that can transpose into many other queen pawn openings . White has several ways of dealing with Black 's setup :
QGD Main Variations : 4.Bg5 Be7 5.Nf3
Tartakower Defense or Tartakower–Makogonov–Bondarevsky System ( TMB system ) : 5 ... h6 6 . Bh4 0-0 7. e3 b6 , is one of the most solid continuations for Black .
Anti-Tartakower–Makogonov–Bondarevsky ( Anti-TMB ) : 5 ... h6 6 . Bxf6 Bxf6 this line was extensively tested in the Kasparov–Karpov matches in the 1980s . To this day Black has no problems in this line despite being tested at the highest levels . More recently , Boris Gelfand defended the Black side of this variation in the 2011 candidates matches which eventually he went on to win . For example , in the third round of the final candidate match , he forced White to accept a draw in 14 moves with a very strong novelty : Grischuk vs. Gelfand , Elista 2011 .
Lasker Defense : 5 ... 0-0 6. e3 h6 7 . Bh4 Ne4 8 . Bxe7 Qxe7 , is also a solid line , often leading to the exchange of two sets of minor pieces . It was this line that Viswanathan Anand chose in the final game of the World Chess Championship 2010 in order to defeat Veselin Topalov and retain the world championship .
Orthodox Defense : 5 ... 0-0 6. e3 Nbd7 7 . Rc1 c6 and now White has two main moves : 8.Bd3 and 8.Qc2 . After 8.Bd3 dxc4 9.Bxc4 Black has surrendered the centre and stands somewhat cramped , but has succeeded in making White lose a tempo by playing Bd3 before Bxc4 . White will try to use his advantage in space to attack , whereas Black will try to keep White at bay while striking back at the centre . Capablanca 's main idea here was the freeing maneuver 9 ... Nd5 10.Bxe7 Qxe7 11.0-0 Nxc3 12.Rxc3 e5 13.dxe5 Nxe5 14.Nxe5 Qxe5 15.f4 Qe7 , which has led to a number of exchanges in the centre , though Black must exercise care even in the wake of this simplification . This line was once so frequently played that it has a separate code ( D69 ) in ECO , though the lack of active counter play for Black has made the main line of the Orthodox a backwater in modern practice .
Cambridge Springs Defense : 4.Bg5 Nbd7
The Cambridge Springs Defense was introduced more than a century ago , and is still played . ( 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Nf6 ) 4 . Bg5 Nbd7 ( setting up the Elephant Trap ) 5. e3 c6 6 . Nf3 Qa5 , now Black intends ... Bb4 and possibly ... Ne4 , with pressure along the a5–e1 diagonal . This Black defense is popular among amateurs because there are several traps White can fall into , for example 7 . Nd2 ( one of the main lines , countering Black 's pressure along the diagonal ) 7 ... Bb4 8 . Qc2 0-0 and here 9.Bd3 loses since 9 ... dxc4 ( threatening ... Qxg5 ) 10.Bxf6 cxd3 ! ( a zwischenzug ) 11.Qxd3 Nxf6 wins a piece for Black .
Exchange Variation : 4.cxd5 exd5
( 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Nf6 ) 4. cxd5 exd5 5 . Bg5 c6 6 . Qc2 and White has a pawn majority in the centre , Black has a pawn majority on the . This pawn structure gives White the opportunity to either advance his pawns in the centre by means of Nge2 , f2–f3 , followed by e2–e4 , or play for a by means of the plan Rb1 , followed by b2–b4–b5 , then bxc6 in order to create a weak pawn at c6 . While Black can play ... cxb5 , or recapture on c6 with a piece , each of these possibilities is even less desirable than the backward pawn in the open file . For Black , exchanging at d5 has released his light-squared bishop and opened the e-file , giving him the use of e4 as a springboard for central and play . While chances are balanced , Black is usually more or less forced to use his superior activity to launch a piece attack on White 's king , as the long-term chances in the QGD Exchange structure favour White . The following games are model games for White :
Central pawn advance : Carlsen vs. Jakovenko , Nanjing 2009
Minority attack : Evans vs. Opsahl , Dubrovnik 1950
Black could also play 5 ... Bb4 instead of 5 ... c6 , which after 6.Qc2 transposes into a line in the Classical variation of the Nimzo-Indian Defence .
Three Knights Variation : 4.Nf3
The Three Knights Variation of the Queen 's Gambit Declined is usually reached from the move order 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 d5 4.Nc3 , played to avoid the Nimzo-Indian Defense ( from the white point of view ) and the Exchange Variation of the Queen 's Gambit Declined ( from the black point of view ) . Black has a few options in response to the Three Knights Variation .
Vienna Variation : 4 ... dxc4
The Vienna Variation occurs after black plays 4 ... dxc4 in the Three Knights Variation . The main line of the Vienna continues as 5.e4 Bb4 6.Bg5 . White 's pawns or pieces occupy the central squares in exchange for long-term pawn structure weaknesses . An instance of Vienna Variation played at the highest level was Fine–Euwe , AVRO 1938 . The Quiet Variation of the Vienna Variation occurs after 5.e3 .
Semi-Tarrasch Defense : 4 ... c5
The Semi-Tarrasch Defense occurs after black plays 4 ... c5 in the Three Knights Variation . An important line in this variation is the Endgame Line where the game continues : 5.cxd5 cxd4 6.Qxd4 exd5 7.e4 dxe4 8.Qxd8+ Kxd8 where the queens get traded off in a similar fashion to the Endgame in the Berlin Defense , resulting in a drawish position . This line has been played by top grandmasters such as Wesley So , Anish Giri , and Magnus Carlsen aiming for a draw . There is also the Exchange Variation where the game continues 5.cxd5 Nxd5 6. e4 Nxc3 7. bxc3 cxd4 8. cxd4 , which has been used by played by the likes of Ding Liren , Anish Giri , Vladimir Kramnik , and Magnus Carlsen .
Ragozin Variation : 4 ... Bb4
The Ragozin Variation ( ECO code D37–D39 ) occurs after black plays 4 ... Bb4 in the Three Knights Variation . The Alekhine Variation of the Ragozin Variation occurs with 5.Qa4 Nc6 6.e3 O-O 7.Qc2 . A transposition into the Vienna Variation of the Queen 's Gambit Declined occurs with 5 . Bg5 dxc4 6. e4 . An alternate line commonly played is 5.cxd5 exd5 6.Bg5 h6 7.Bh4 to avoid transposing into the Vienna .
Semi-Slav Defense : 4 ... c6
The Semi-Slav Defense occurs after black plays 4 ... c6 in the Three Knights Variation .
Transposition into Main Variations : 4 ... Be7 5.Bg5
A transposition into the Main Variations of the Queen 's Gambit Declined occurs after black plays 4 ... Be7 5.Bg5 in the Three Knights Variation .
Harrwitz Attack 4 ... Be7 5.Bf4
This variation is also a popular line . Placing the bishop on Bg5 allows Black to exchange more freely with moves like Nf6-e4 , as seen in the Lasker Defence . The move Bf4 is designed to restrict Black 's opportunities in this way , as well as reducing opportunities to gain the bishop pair . Play usually continues with 5 ... 0-0 6. e3 c5 7. dxc5 Bxc5 . Peter Leko , usually an e4 player , used this variation as White to beat Vladimir Kramnik in their 2004 World Championship Match .
See also
Queen 's Gambit
Queen 's Gambit Accepted
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Chess openings
Asahel Lynde Powers ( February 28 , 1813 – 1843 ) was an American painter active in New England .
Powers was born in Springfield , Vermont , and began his career as an itinerant artist at an early age . At 18 years old , Powers was already well-known . The first portrait attributed to him is of Dr. Joel Green from Rutland , Vermont , dated 1831 , now on display in the Springfield Art and Historical Society . Like many contemporary paintings , Powers ' early works were oil on wood panel . During the 1830s , Powers traveled through Vermont , Massachusetts , and New Hampshire . From 1839 to 1841 he worked in New York 's Clinton and Franklin counties . In the early 1840s , he moved to Olney , Illinois . There are no known works from his time in Illinois , where he died in 1843 .
References
It 's About Time , blog with paintings
National Gallery of Art biography
Springfield Art and Historical Society biography
Asahel Powers : Painter of Vermont Faces , Nina Fletcher Little , The Colonial Williamsburg Foundation , 1973 . Plates 37 & 38 , pages 38–39 .
19th-century American painters
1813 births
1843 deaths
People from Springfield , Vermont
People from Olney , Illinois
Mulleripicus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae . They are found in South and Southeast Asia . The genus forms part of the woodpecker subfamily Picinae and has a sister relationship to the genus Dryocopus whose species are widely distributed in Eurasia and the Americas .
Taxonomy
The genus Mulleripicus was erected by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte to accommodate the great slaty woodpecker ( Mulleripicus pulverulentus ) . The genus name honours the German naturalist Salomon Müller , The genus belongs to the tribe Picini and is a member of a clade that contains the five genera : Colaptes , Piculus , Mulleripicus , Dryocopus and Celeus .
The genus contains four species .
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wilbur Morrill Cunningham ( February 4 , 1886 – January 14 , 1974 ) was an American football player and coach , attorney , historian and author .
Early years
Cunningham was born in 1886 in Benton Harbor , Michigan . His father , George Cunningham , was a New York native and an insurance agent .
Cunningham attended the University of Michigan where he studied law played college football for Fielding H. Yost 's Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1907 to 1910 . He graduated from Michigan 's Law Department as part of its Class of 1912 .
During the fall of 1912 , he served as the head coach of the Kentucky University football team .
Later years
After completing his legal education , Cunningham opened a law practice in his hometown of Benton Harbor , Michigan . When the United States entered World War I in April 1917 , Cunningham closed his legal practice and began serving on active duty in the United States Navy . He served with the rank of lieutenant in the paymaster 's department and aboard the . Upon his discharge from the Navy in 1919 , he returned to Benton Harbor and resumed his law practice . He served two terms as prosecuting attorney for Berrien County from 1929 to 1933 and for 23 years from 1933 to 1956 as the city attorney of Benton Harbor , Michigan .
Cunningham was also a noted historian , author and archeologist specializing in Native American artifacts . In 1961 , he published `` Land of Four Flags : An Early History of the St. Joseph Valley , '' a history of southwestern Michigan .
Cunningham died in 1974 at age 89 and was buried at the Crystal Springs Cemetery in Benton Harbor , Michigan .
Head coaching record
References
External links
1886 births
1974 deaths
Michigan Wolverines football players
Transylvania Pioneers football coaches
United States Navy personnel of World War I
University of Michigan Law School alumni
People from Benton Harbor , Michigan
Michigan lawyers
Players of American football from Michigan
20th-century American lawyers
Crowlands is a small agricultural community nestled on the Wimmera River and is located approximately northeast of the town of Ararat , in the state of Victoria , Australia . It comprises a small village area of scattered houses and larger farms .
History
Before European settlement
The traditional owners of the area are the Dja Dja Wurrung or Jaara people who are part of the larger Kulin nation . The Jaara people suffered badly when gold was discovered and their population dropped dramatically as the Europeans converted more land to mining .
The early years
In 1836 Major Thomas Mitchell passed through the area on his exploration of the Colony .
During the 1840s European settlers began to move into the area to establish sheep runs and harvest the nearby timber . Around this time the historic Woodlands Estate was established by Mr W J Clarke who selected some 180,000 acres . The original building and outbuildings , although much extended , still exist today . The property passed through successive owners and was gradually diminished in the size of its land holdings to around 53,000 acres in 1889 when it was purchased by William McCulloch . It remained in that families hands until 1937 . The brick and granite buildings are considered historically and aesthetically significant .
As more people arrived the need for community services increased and so the township was formally surveyed in 1849 . A Post Office was constructed there two years later followed by a Police Depot in 1854 .
Gold was being worked successfully at Craigoir , the name given to the Pyrenees gold diggings , in the early 1850s and it was not long before thousands of prospectors flocked to the area in search of fortune .
`` The attention of the public has for these last six weeks been anxiously directed to this district in order to ascertain whether there was any truth in the rumours which since the discovery of the Bathurst gold field have been circulated as to the supposition of the presence of gold in the neighbourhood of the Pyrenees mountains . . . It is certain that as soon as this discovery is known , thousands will rush out to this country , and we may expect a constant and increasing stream of emigration . ''
The large influx of prospectors prompted the development of local business which included the establishment of the first public house , later called the Traveller 's Rest Hotel . Many saw much promise in the area and remained on as farmers or agricultural labourers .
The modern period
Up until the early 1900s the area was predominantly used for sheep grazing as it was considered too costly to clear the open forest for the sowing of crops . Although considered good farming land it was not until much later that agriculture diversified to include wheat and other arable crops .
In 1914 the Navarre railway line was established to connect Crowlands and other nearby towns to the main line to the south which ran between Ararat and Avoca . The line closed in 1954 .
Late in 2013 Pacific Hydro commenced construction of the Crowlands Wind Farm in the area . After many years of negotiation with the local community it was decided that 39 wind turbines would be erected , each having a generating capacity of 2 megawatts .
Facilities
The towns facilities include a large recreation reserve , Community Hall , Country Fire Authority shed , Church and a Bed and Breakfast facility . An historic walking trail was established in 2012 and the town has an active film appreciation group known as the Crowlands Film Society .
A number of wineries operate in the area including the Dogrock Winery at Crowlands itself .
A single morning bus service operates from one stop near the old Crowlands Primary School to Ararat twice a week with a return journey mid afternoon .
To the north east of the township there is a large State Forest with a well maintained fauna and flora reserve and to the south is the Mount Cole Reservoir which is suitable for sightseeing .
There are tennis courts , a basketball court and a playground at the Crowlands Hall Playground .
External links
Crowlands Community website
References
The Women 's pair at the 2014 Commonwealth Games , was part of the lawn bowls competition , which took place between 28 July and 1 August 2014 at the Kelvingrove Lawn Bowls Centre .
Sectional play
Section A
Section B
Section C
Section D
Knockout stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Finals
Gold medal match
Bronze medal match
References
Lawn bowls at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Comm
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan , Tokushima Prefecture , Japan . It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number `` M17 '' .
Lines
Awa-Fukui Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 38.9 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station .
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track . The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room . Access to the platform is by means of a ramp from the station building .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ) opened the station on 27 June 1937 as the terminus of the Mugi Line when the track was extended southwards from . It became a through-station on 14 December 1939 when the track was further extended to . On 1 April 1987 , with the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) , the successor of JGR , JR Shikoku took over control of the station .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019 , the station was used by an average of 76 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 55 passes in front of the station and there is a lot of traffic , but the surrounding area is mountainous with sparse buildings . The station was originally established as a gateway to Fukui Village ( later merged into Tachibanacho and then merged into Anan City ) , but the village center is about 2 kilometers to the north .
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1937
Anan , Tokushima
Priyantha Kumara Diyawadana was a 49 year old Sri Lankan man who was lynched by a mob on 3 December 2021 in Sialkot , Punjab , Pakistan over allegations of blasphemy . Supporters of the radical Sunni Islamist party Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan ( TLP ) were believed to be responsible for the killing of Kumara , while the TLP officially distanced itself from the incident . The Anti-Terrorism Court in Lahore announced death sentence for six directly involved in the lynching , nine people were sentenced five years ' jail for assisting , and 72 people were sentenced two-year prison for being silent spectators .
Kumara , who was a Buddhist by faith and had lived and worked in Pakistan for eleven years , was beaten , killed and later set on fire by a mob in Sialkot . He had been accused of blasphemy for removing a poster featuring religious content . It was later revealed that Kumara had removed the poster due to pending renovation work in the building , and was wrongly accused of blasphemy by workers of the factory . Several videos started to circulate on social media where hundreds of men can be seen gathered at the site , chanting slogans of the TLP .
Biography
Diyawadanage Don Nandasiri Priyantha Kumara was a resident of Ganemulla , Gampaha District , Sri Lanka . He was the youngest of six siblings . He graduated from the University of Peradeniya in 2002 as a production engineer and had been working in Pakistan since 2010 . He had worked for the Rajco Sporting Goods Manufacturing Company in Sialkot since 2012 , progressing from an engineering role to a manager role . At the time of his murder , he was the General Superintendent ( General Manager ) at the Rajco Industries garment factory in Sialkot . He was married to Nilushi Dissanayaka and the father of two sons , aged 14 and 9 years ( as of 2021 ) . Two of his brothers were also working in Pakistan at the time , as employees of a textile factory in Faisalabad , Punjab .
Incident
Background
The Government of Pakistan had earlier banned Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan , declaring it a militant organization after several run-ins with the state but later decided to lift the ban after signing an agreement with the organisation in November 2021 amid violent protests .
Mob and murder
According to Rao Sardar Ali Khan , Inspector General of Police of the Punjab Police , a mob of 800 men gathered at the Rajco factory at 10:00 on 3 December 2021 after it was reported that Kumara had torn a poster inscribed with Islamic verses and that constituted blasphemy . The mob searched for Kumara , finding him on the roof of the factory . They had dragged him while beating him severely , he was dead by 11:28 and his body was set on fire by the mob on the Wazirabad Road .
Malik Adnan , a deputy manager at the factory attempted to save Kumara 's life as he confronted the mob and argued with them to spare him , however , he was outnumbered and was unable to save Kumara . The efforts of Malik Adnan were recognized by Government of Pakistan and Tamgha-i-Shujaat for 'moral courage and bravery .
Malik Adnan was conferred upon Tamgha-i-Shujaat on 24 March 2022 by the President of Pakistan .
Investigation and arrests
Farhan Idrees was identified as the main culprit who was one of the masterminds involved in the incident and over 100 individuals were arrested by the police . It was revealed that all of them who were arrested had link with TLP . Kumara 's body was flown through Sri Lankan Airlines and arrived in Sri Lanka on 6 December 2021 .
A postmortem carried out by the Pakistani authorities indicated skull and jaw fractures as the cause of death . All his vital organs had been affected , while torture marks were visible all over his body . His spinal cord was broken in three locations . All his bones were broken other than in one foot . 99 per cent of his body was burned .
Court case
On 12 March 2022 , the Anti Terrorism Court ( ATC ) indicted 89 individuals including eighty adults and nine minors . All of the 89 individuals accused , pleaded not guilty .
On 18 April 2022 , the ATC awarded death sentence to six convicts on two counts and a payment of Rs.200,000 as compensation to the deceased 's legal heirs . While , the ATC awarded life imprisonment to nine convicts along with payment of Rs.200,000 as fine and Rs.200,000 as compensation to the legal heirs . Seventy-two others were sentenced to two years of rigorous imprisonment each on three counts and one year imprisonment each on two counts . One other convict was awarded jail sentence of five years . The ATC only acquitted one person in the case .
Reactions
Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan expressed his disbelief and anger in a tweet saying “ The horrific vigilante attack on a factory in Sialkot and the burning alive of a Sri Lankan manager is a day of shame for Pakistan . I am overseeing the investigations and let there be no mistakes , all those responsible will be punished with the full severity of the law . Arrests are being made ” . The incident was met with shock in Pakistan , with condemnations pouring in from political representatives , civil society groups and religious leaders .
Pakistan 's Defence Minister Pervez Khattak , while reacting to the incident , provoked controversy when he said `` murders take place when young people get emotional '' . Later , he issued a clarification stating he `` vehemently condemned '' the incident and that his earlier remarks were in response to a question whether the lynching was a consequence of the government allowing too much leeway to the TLP in the country as a result of a `` deal '' .
On 4 December , both the Government of Sri Lanka and the opposition party condemned the incident and urged immediate action to punish the perpetrators . The Parliament of Sri Lanka urged the authorities in Pakistan to ensure the rights of the Sri Lankan expat workers in Pakistan be safeguarded . On 6 December , Kumara 's remains were repatriated with state honours from Lahore to Colombo via a Sri Lankan Airlines flight .
Sri Lankan High Commissioner to Pakistan , Vice Admiral Mohan Wijewickrama assured that the incident will have no effect on relations between Sri Lanka and Pakistan , noting the close social , defence , and commerce ties between the two countries .
Following an appeal for compensation by Kumara 's widow , Sri Lanka 's Cabinet of Ministers approved a grant of Rs 2.5 million ( US $ 12,322 ) to the family of Kumara to be paid from the Employees ' Welfare Fund of the Bureau of Foreign Employment considering his contribution as a migrant worker .
In Islamabad , a condolence event was held at the Prime Minister 's Office to honour Kumara . While addressing the occasion , Imran Khan announced a civil award for Malik Adnan , a colleague who tried to save Kumara 's life from the mob , and reiterated that `` as long as I am alive , I will not allow incidents like the Sialkot lynching to happen again '' . The business community of Sialkot raised USD $ 100,000 for Kumara 's family , and also announced that his widow would continue to receive his monthly salary .
See also
List of blasphemy cases in Pakistan
Reference
2021 in international relations
2021 in Punjab , Pakistan
2021 in Sri Lanka
2021 murders in Pakistan
2020s crimes in Punjab , Pakistan
December 2021 crimes in Asia
Deaths by person in Pakistan
Filmed killings in Asia
History of Sialkot
Lynching deaths in Pakistan
Murder in Punjab , Pakistan
Pakistan–Sri Lanka relations
Religiously motivated violence in Pakistan
Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan
Torture in Pakistan
The Osetr class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy during the Russo–Japanese War . The boats were ordered in the 1904 emergency programme . The boats were designed by American engineer Simon Lake and had wheels fitted for moving around on the sea bed as well as wet/dry chambers for divers . Osetr was the former Protector sold by Lake to the Russians and re-assembled in Russia . The diving depth was around .
Ships
All ships were built by the Lake company at the Libau Arsenal ( Latvia ) and were launched in 1904
References
Conway 's All the World 's Fighting Ships 1906–1921
Submarine classes
Submarines of the Imperial Russian Navy
James Akinjo ( born November 27 , 2000 ) is an American college basketball player for the Baylor Bears of the Big 12 Conference . He previously played for the Georgetown Hoyas and the Arizona Wildcats .
Early life and high school career
Akinjo grew up in the crime-ridden Las Deltas Housing projects in North Richmond , California . He was raised by his grandmother , Roberta Stevenson , because his mother , Monique Divers , died from leukemia when he was a toddler . When Akinjo was 13 years old , his brother died . Many of his friends were also murdered . His father , who is only 16 years older than him , and his uncle were imprisoned or jailed during his childhood . From a young age , Akinjo aspired to become a basketball player and drew inspiration from Chris Paul . At age 11 , he was featured in the East Bay Times , who touted him as a `` basketball prodigy . ''
Akinjo played for Salesian College Preparatory in Richmond , California , where he was coached by Bill Mellis . As a freshman , he stood 5 ' 8 but had a growth spurt . At the 2017 MLK Classic , Akinjo scored 29 points in a 45–36 win over St. John Bosco-Bellflower . As a senior , he averaged 20.7 points and 5.2 assists per game , leading his team to a 30–2 record and the CIF North Coast Section Division III title .
Recruiting
A four-star recruit , he originally committed to UConn but after the firing of head coach Kevin Ollie switched his commitment to Georgetown .
College career
On November 19 , 2018 , Akinjo earned his first Big East Conference Freshman of the Week honors after averaging 14.3 points and 4.7 assists per game in three games . He made a three-pointer with 4.9 seconds left in regulation to force overtime in a 76–73 win over South Florida . On December 22 , Akinjo scored a season-high 25 points in a 102–94 victory over Arkansas–Little Rock . He matched his career-high on March 9 , 2019 , scoring 25 points with five three-pointers in an 86–84 win over 16th-ranked Marquette . At the end of the regular season , Akinjo was named Big East Freshman of the Year and was a unanimous pick for the Big East All-Freshman Team . As a freshman , he averaged 13.4 points , 5.2 assists , 2.9 rebounds and 1.1 steals per game .
Akinjo made his sophomore debut on November 6 , 2019 , scoring 20 points , including 17 in the second half , in an 81–68 win over Mount St. Mary 's . On December 2 , it was announced that Akinjo had left Georgetown and was entering the transfer portal along with several other Georgetown players . In seven games , he averaged 13.4 points , 4.4 assists and three rebounds per game . On January 1 , 2020 , Akinjo committed to Arizona . He was granted a waiver for immediate eligibility on September 1 . As a junior , he averaged 15.6 points and 5.4 assists per game , earning First Team All-Pac-12 honors . On March 31 , 2021 , Akinjo declared for the 2021 NBA draft with the possibility of returning to school . He transferred to Baylor .
On December 28 , 2021 , Akinjo scored a career-high 27 points and had nine assists in a 104-68 win against Northwestern State . He missed a game against West Virginia on January 18 , 2022 , due to an injured tailbone . Akinjo was named to the First Team All-Big 12 .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Georgetown
| 33 || 32 || 31.6 || .365 || .391 || .812 || 2.9 || 5.2 || 1.1 || .0 || 13.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Georgetown
| 7 || 7 || 30.7 || .337 || .242 || .813 || 3.0 || 4.4 || 2.0 || .0 || 13.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Arizona
| 26 || 26 || 34.9 || .379 || .408 || .819 || 2.3 || 5.4 || 1.4 || .0 || 15.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2021–22
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Baylor
| 32 || 32 || 33.1 || .383 || .295 || .835 || 2.8 || 5.8 || 2.0 || .0 || 13.5
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 98 || 97 || 32.9 || .373 || .354 || .820 || 2.7 || 5.4 || 1.6 || .0 || 14.0
Personal life
Akinjo 's father played basketball for McClymonds High School in Oakland , California in the late 1990s .
References
External links
Baylor Bears bio
Arizona Wildcats bio
Georgetown Hoyas bio
2000 births
Living people
All-American college men 's basketball players
American men 's basketball players
Arizona Wildcats men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Oakland , California
Georgetown Hoyas men 's basketball players
Point guards
Sokar may refer to :
Seker , a falcon god in Egyptian mythology
Sokar ( Stargate ) , a character in television series Stargate
Sokar ( yacht ) ( formally the Jonikal ) , a yacht owned by Mohamed Al-Fayed
The Fourth Imperial Diet of Speyer , also referred to as the Diet of 1544 , was a Diet of the Holy Roman Empire , called together on February 20 , 1544 by Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor . Charles called the meeting because he wanted to fight a war against France , which he acknowledged required the support of the Lutheran princes , many of them members of the Schmalkaldic League . He received their support by granting them concessions and almost completely abandoning his Catholic position , disregarding the wishes of Pope Paul III . It was decided at this meeting that no formal action should be taken against the Lutherans until a free council met .
See also
Treaty of Speyer ( 1544 )
Notes
Bibliography
Schmalkaldic League
Speyer
Reformation in Germany
1544 in the Holy Roman Empire
1544 in Christianity
1544 in politics
Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor
Speyer
Eumelea rosalia is a species of moth of the family Geometridae described by Caspar Stoll in 1781 . It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics of India , Sri Lanka , Myanmar , east to northern Australia and New Caledonia .
Description
The males are generally rather redder than the females . The wingspan of the male is about 50 mm and the female 60 mm . Body bright yellow thickly irrorated with crimson . Forewings with indistinct antemedial , medial and submarginal crimson bands . Hindwings with medial and submarginal bands . Ventral side is with more prominent crimson bands .
Larvae have been recorded on Mallotus and Clinostigma species .
References
External links
Final instar caterpillar and metamorphosis of Eumelea ludovicata
Desmobathrinae
Desisa stramentosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning and Itzinger in 1943 .
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1943
These are men 's International Team records in international rugby , updated at the conclusion of the November Internationals window each year .
To view men 's individual records , see International rugby union player records . To view records of the men 's Rugby World Cup , see Records and statistics of the Rugby World Cup .
World Rugby Ranking Leaders
Team
World Rankings
Highest rankings
Below is a list of the best and worst ranking positions for the ten highest ranked nations , since the ranking tables were first published on the 13 October 2003 :
Most World Ranking points
Below is a list of the Top 10 most accumulated ranking points and corresponding fewest ranking points , since the ranking tables were first published on the 13 October 2003 :
Longest tenure ranked at No . 1
England were ranked as No . 1 when the rankings were introduced in late 2003 . New Zealand hold the record for the longest run as the No . 1 World Ranked team , spending just less than three months short of 10 years uninterrupted atop the rankings . South Africa were recently replaced as the top ranked team by New Zealand . Not shown on the table , but the only other nations to have been ranked No . 1 , are Wales and Ireland , each spending two weeks in the top spot in 2019 , before both relinquishing the No . 1 spot to New Zealand . Tenures are correct as of the last ranking update for the season on 7 December 2020 :
Nations in bold indicate the tenure is ongoing .
South Africa did not play any matches in the 2020 calendar year due to complications faced with preparation and travel as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic .
Amongst South Africa 's matches in their recent tenure at No . 1 are three matches against British & Irish Lions , which do not affect ranking points .
Key : y = years , m = months , d = days .
Most matches played ranked at No . 1
New Zealand hold the record for the most matches played whilst defending the No . 1 World Ranking , playing 128 matches during that time . South Africa were recently replaced by New Zealand top ranked team having played fewer matches in defense of this ranking . Not shown on the table , but the only other nations to have been ranked No . 1 , are Wales and Ireland , each playing one match before both relinquishing the No . 1 spot to New Zealand . Tenures are correct as of 9 March 2020 :
Nations in bold indicate the tenure is ongoing .
Key : y = years , m = months , d = days .
All-time
Most matches
Nations in italics are classed as Tier 2 since the beginning of the professional era ( Aug. 1995 ) , and primarily play other Tier 2 nations .
Up to date as of 23 July 2022
Most wins
Nations in italics are classed as Tier 2 since the beginning of the professional era ( Aug. 1995 ) , and primarily play other Tier 2 nations .
Up to date as of 23 July 2022
Most consecutive wins
In the professional era ( Aug. 1995- ) , Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in their winning run are eligible .
Most consecutive matches without loss
In the professional era ( Aug. 1995- ) , teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in their winning run are eligible .
An 'N ' indicates the unbeaten run contained only wins , with no draws .
New Zealand and South Africa both recorded multiple draws in their unbeaten runs , as shown .
Most points
Nations in italics are classed as Tier 2 since the beginning of the professional era ( Aug. 1995 ) , and primarily play other Tier 2 nations .
Up to date as of 22 August 2022
Highest match attendance
Rugby World Cup
RWC titles
RWC tournament points
RWC tournament tries
RWC tournament conversions
RWC tournament penalties
RWC tournament drop goals
RWC match margins
RWC match points
RWC match tries
RWC match conversions
RWC match penalties
RWC match drop goals
Calendar year
Most wins
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
New Zealand and England are the only two Tier 1 nations to complete a calendar year with a 100 % win rate in the professional era ( Aug. 1995-present ) .
Most points
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
Most tries
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
Most conversions
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
Most penalties
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
Most drop goals
Teams that have played Tier 1 sides in 50 % or more of their test matches in that year are eligible .
Nations highlighted in italics are classed as Tier 2 in the professional era ( Aug. 1995–present )
Matches
Team records within test matches .
Most points
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most tries
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most conversions
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most penalties
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
There are 18 Nations that have recorded 8 penalties in a Test Match . For the purpose of limiting the list to a reasonable size , the matches with the five highest scores by the team recording 8 penalties are shown here .
Most drop goals
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
There are 37 instances that Nations have recorded 3 drop goals in a Test Match . For the purpose of limiting the list to a reasonable size , the matches with the seven highest scores by the team recording 3 drop goals are shown here .
Most aggregate points
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most aggregate tries
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most aggregate conversions
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
Most aggregate penalties
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
There are 14 instances where 12 penalties have been recorded in a Test Match . For the purpose of limiting the list to a reasonable size , the five highest total-scoring matches are shown here .
Most aggregate drop goals
Test Matches that have included only Tier 1 Nations and/or Tier 2 Nations are eligible .
There are 12 instances where 4 drop goals have been recorded in a Test Match . For the purpose of limiting the list to a reasonable size , the eight highest total scoring matches are shown here .
See also
International rugby union player records
Records and statistics of the Rugby World Cup
List of international rugby union teams
References
External links
Rugby Union Records
Rugby Union Match Archive
Rugby union records and statistics
Elisha Johns ( August 25 , 1837 – June 14 , 1920 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War . He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22 , 1863 . The surname is sometimes spelled Jones .
Johns joined the 113th Illinois Infantry in August 1862 , and was mustered out in June 1865 .
Union assault
On May 22 , 1863 , General Ulysses S. Grant ordered an assault by XV Corpson the Confederate heights at Vicksburg , Mississippi . The 2nd Division was to lead the assault . The plan called for a diversionary storming party of volunteers to build a bridge across a moat and plant scaling ladders against the enemy embankment in advance of the main attack .
The Division Commander , MGEN Blair called for volunteers for the party . The volunteers knew the odds were against survival and the mission was called , in nineteenth century vernacular , a `` forlorn hope '' . They were promised sixty days furlough if they survived . Each brigade ( there were three ) had a quota of two officers and fifty men .
Only single men were accepted as volunteers and even then , twice as many men as needed came forward and were turned away . In the 113th Illinois , the five companies had a quota of three man each . In Company B , as JJ Kellogg related in his war memoir :
Finally there was a movement . Old Joe Smith , white headed , rough visaged and grizzled by the storms of a half century , stepped to the front and calling back to his bunkmate said , `` Come on , Lish , '' and Elisha Johns filed out by his side . Then after a brief interval Sergt . James Henry volunteered for the third place . Company B 's quota was now complete , and those brave fellows hurried away to take their places in the ranks of the storming party .
The assault began in the early morning following a naval bombardment . The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross . Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body , the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall . Of the 150 men in the storming party , nearly half were killed . Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor .
Medal of Honor citation
`` For gallantry in the charge of the volunteer storming party on 22 May 1863 . ''
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients : G-L
Siege of Vicksburg
113th Illinois Volunteer Infantry
Notes
References
External links
Findagrave
A Forlorn Hope
Vicksburg Medal of Honor Recipients
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
People of Michigan in the American Civil War
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
1837 births
1920 deaths
The Windward Islands moist forests ecoregion ( WWF ID : NT0179 ) covers forested , high-precipitation areas of the volcanic Windward Islands . The forested areas are mostly at higher elevations in the interior of the islands , surrounded by dry forests , dry shrubland , or mangroves on the flat coastal lowlands . Closed forest of this ecoregion cover the majority of the islands . Species diversity is very high .
Location and description
The Windward Islands are a volcanic island arc , with mountainous interiors in which steep slopes and difficulty converting the land to agriculture has provided some protection from human settlement and development . Moist forests are found on the islands of Dominica , Martinique , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent , and Grenada .
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Tropical rainforest climate ( Köppen climate classification ( Af ) ) . This climate is characterized as hot , humid , and having at least 60 mm of precipitation every month . The rainy season occurs in the summer and fall , with precipitation ranging from 10,000 mm/year in the high elevations of Dominica to 3,750 mm/year in the lower elevations of Grenada .
Flora and fauna
70 % of the ecoregion is closed , broadleaf evergreen forest . Another 20 % is open forest . The characteristics tree species of the mature forests are gommier ( Dacryodes excelsa ) , ( Amanoa caribaea ) , and trees of genus ( Sloanea ) . The mature forests feature widespread epiphytes and lianas , with an understory of Licania ternatensis and Tapura antilliana . Forests that have been cleared for agriculture or timber are typically reforested by Miconia mirabilis and Cecropia schreberiana .
References
Neotropical ecoregions
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Ecoregions of the Caribbean
Ecoregions of France
Sybra paralongicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Breuning in 1968 .
References
paralongicollis
Beetles described in 1968
Comprehensive Cover is the highest level of cover a person can have if they take out motor insurance in the United Kingdom . In recent years , Comprehensive Cover has actually gone cheaper than the lesser cover 'Third Party , Fire and Theft ' Cover in most cases .
By taking out Comprehensive Cover , people in the United Kingdom are not only covered for third party claims after an incident , they are also covered for damage caused to their own vehicle or building ( examples include : fire , fallen trees , flooding ) .
Depending on the policy there would be different excess payments made to the garage that repairs the vehicle , and insurers normally need to authorise the estimate before repairs can proceed . Once the authorised garage has completed the repairs , the policyholder would then pay that garage their excess payment and the insurers would pay the remainder .
If the case was non-fault , the insurance company would then chase their financial losses from the other insurance company that they felt were at fault . In some cases , they could be unsuccessful , or due to the lack of evidence only manage to agree 50/50 split and get half their losses back . In some cases the insured would have legal cover to help them recover their own financial un-insured losses , the excess would be included on that .
Insurance in the United Kingdom
Vehicle insurance
`` We 've Got a Big Mess on Our Hands '' is the first single by The Academy Is ... from their 2007 album Santi . The song impacted radio on March 13 , 2007 .
Music video
The music video directed by Alan Ferguson focuses on William Beckett , beginning with a second more violent and unpleasant version of him leaving his apartment . The real William Beckett then follows , as his alter ego causes havoc . The final scene shows Beckett rushing onstage as the band is playing , and continually pummels his doppelganger . It then cuts to a show that there is no audience and no one is on stage except Beckett , implying that he hallucinated the entire incident , or that it was all a dream . The video directly crosses with Fall Out Boy 's video single `` Thnks fr th Mmrs '' , showing William Beckett on the phone with Pete Wentz ; however , Wentz is having his makeup done at the time by one of the video 's chimpanzees . `` We 've Got a Big Mess on Our Hands '' has also been briefly featured on the second episode of the comedy series Aliens in America on The CW and also on Newport Harbor : The Real Orange County .
Track listing
`` We 've Got a Big Mess on Our Hands '' – 3:26
References
The Academy Is ... songs
2007 singles
2007 songs
Fueled by Ramen singles
Song recordings produced by Butch Walker
Songs written by Mike Carden
Songs written by William Beckett ( singer )
Music videos directed by Alan Ferguson ( director )
Michael Girsch is an American baseball executive . He is the general manager for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball .
Career
Girsch graduated from the University of Notre Dame with a bachelor of science in mathematics in 1998 and the University of Chicago Booth School of Business with a Master of Business Administration in 2003 . He worked in valuations for Boston Consulting Group in Chicago .
In 2005 , wanting to pursue a career in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , Girsch wrote an academic paper on the valuation of MLB draft picks and sent it to teams . John Mozeliak , the general manager of the St. Louis Cardinals , responded and hired him in 2006 as the coordinator for amateur scouting . He was promoted to director of baseball development in 2008 and to assistant general manager in 2011 . In 2017 , the Cardinals promoted Mozeliak to the new position of President of Baseball Operations and promoted Girsch to general manager . As general manager , he signed Paul DeJong , Paul Goldschmidt , and Matt Carpenter to contract extensions .
Personal life
Girsch is from Hinsdale , Illinois , and graduated from Benet Academy . He and his wife , Kelly , live in Webster Groves , Missouri , and have four children .
References
Living people
People from Illinois
University of Notre Dame alumni
Major League Baseball general managers
St. Louis Cardinals executives
University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` Sprinkle Me '' is a song by American rapper E-40 featuring American rapper Suga-T . The single was released on May 20 , 1995 , as the third single from E-40 's second studio album In a Major Way ( 1995 ) . Produced by Mike Mosley and Sam Bostic , it reached number 44 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Charts
References
1994 singles
1994 songs
E-40 songs
Jive Records singles
Songs written by E-40
Robert Polzin is a biblical scholar . He is Professor Emeritus at Carleton University , and has degrees from the University of San Diego and Harvard University .
Polzin is best known for a series of volumes in which he attempted a `` synchronic , literary reading of the Deuteronomic History . '' These were Moses and the Deuteronomist ( 1980 ) , Samuel and the Deuteronomist ( 1989 ) , and David and the Deuteronomist ( 1993 ) .
Polzin has also made a significant contribution to the study of Biblical Hebrew . Dong-Hyuk Kim argues that the methods Polzin developed in his 1976 study Late Biblical Hebrew : Toward an Historical Typology of Biblical Hebrew Prose have since been employed by a younger generation of scholars .
References
Living people
Old Testament scholars
University of San Diego alumni
Harvard University alumni
Carleton University faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Tender Land is an opera with music by Aaron Copland and libretto by Horace Everett , a pseudonym for Erik Johns .
History
The opera tells of a farm family in the Midwest of the United States . Copland was inspired to write this opera after viewing the Depression-era photographs of Walker Evans and reading James Agee 's Let Us Now Praise Famous Men . He wrote the work between 1952 and 1954 for the NBC Television Opera Workshop , with the intention of its being presented on television . However , the television producers rejected the opera .
Eventually , the work had its premiere on April 1 , 1954 at the New York City Opera , with Thomas Schippers as the conductor , Jerome Robbins as the director , and a cast including the young Norman Treigle . It was poorly received , with criticism focused on the weaknesses of the opera 's characters and the storyline . Later analysis by Christopher Patton stated that one underlying cause of the opera 's failure at the premiere was the contrast between writing for the intimate medium of television , the originally intended medium of the work , versus the more public and larger-scale setting of an opera house .
Patton has also commented on the role of Erik Johns ' interest in the Vedanta branch of Hinduism in the libretto .
Copland and Johns made revisions to the opera , expanding Act 2 for performances at Tanglewood in August 1954 , and making further adjustments for Oberlin College in 1955 . With the composer 's agreement , Murry Sidlin re-scored the work with reduced forces - the same scoring as the original 13 instrument versions of Appalachian Spring - for a production in New Haven in 1987 , a staging that ran for more than 50 performances . Sidlin also added two of Copland 's Old American Songs to the central party scene .
On July 28 , 1965 , the composer conducted a concert version of his work , as part of the French-American Festival , with the New York Philharmonic . In the cast were Joy Clements , Claramae Turner , Richard Cassilly , Norman Treigle , and Richard Fredricks . Three days later , Columbia recorded an abridged version of the opera , again conducted by Copland , at the Manhattan Center , with the same cast . In 2000 , Sony released the historic performance on compact disc .
Roles
Synopsis
The setting is the 1930s in the midwestern United States , at the time of the spring harvest and also of high school graduation .
Act 1
Laurie , the high-school senior daughter of the Moss family , is on the brink of graduating from high school . At the start of the opera , Beth , Laurie 's sister , is dancing by herself , and Ma Moss , Laurie and Beth 's mother , is sewing . The postman , Mr. Splinters , delivers a package with Laurie 's graduation dress . He also brings gossip about a neighbor 's daughter being frightened by two strangers to the area . Ma Moss and Grandpa Moss are worried about this . Two itinerant workers , Top and Martin , arrive on the scene . After initial suspicion , Grandpa Moss agrees to hire Top and Martin to help out with the harvest . Laurie and Martin meet , and feel sympathy for each other . Top asks for Martin 's help later in getting Grandpa Moss drunk at the party that night .
Act 2
The party to celebrate Laurie 's graduation is going on . Everyone has eaten well , and Laurie acknowledges the guests ' well wishes to her . The dance begins . Ma Moss thinks that Top and Martin are the two strangers reported to be causing trouble in the area , and tells Mr. Splinters , who goes to tell the local sheriff . As the dance proceeds , Grandpa Moss becomes more drunk . Laurie and Martin are now in love , and they kiss at one moment . Grandpa Moss sees this and becomes angry . Top tells Martin that they should leave , but the sheriff arrives with the news that the two strangers causing the local disturbances have been caught . Even though Top and Martin have been proven innocent , Grandpa Moss says that they have to leave in the morning .
Act 3
Later that night , Laurie and Martin dream of eloping . However , Martin changes his mind , with the counsel of Top in the background advising that such a situation would cause great trouble for them all . During the night , while Laurie is packing , Top and Martin secretly leave . Laurie is left alone , but then suddenly resolves to leave home and make her own way in the world . Ma Moss and Beth try to change Laurie 's mind , but she is determined to move on . Ma Moss accepts this eventually . The opera ends as Laurie leaves , with Beth dancing by herself as she did at the beginning , now the sole hope for future generations of the family and for the farm .
Music
`` The Promise of Living '' is best known , often performed as a separate choral anthem .
An orchestral suite based on the opera was compiled by Copland in 1958 . In 1996 , Murry Sidlin created a new suite , which , like his version of the opera , uses reduced scoring ( for soprano , tenor and chamber ensemble ) .
Recordings
Virgin Classics VCD 7 91113-2 : Elizabeth Comeaux , Janis Hardy , Maria Jette , LeRoy Lehr , Dan Dressen , James Bohn , Vern Sutton , Agnes Smuda , Merle Fristad , Sue Herber ; Orchestra and Chorus of the Plymouth Music Series ; Philip Brunelle , conductor
Koch International Classics 374802 : Suzan Hanson , Christine Meadows , Janice Johnson , Kregg Arntson , Milagro Vargas , Amy Hansen , Richard Zeller , Robert MacNeil , Douglas Webster , Scott Tuomi ; Third Angle New Music Ensemble conducted by Murry Sidlin ( recording of version with reduced scoring )
Albany - TROY 482/83 : University of Kentucky Opera Theatre ( Andrea Jones , Dawn Coon , Mary Hawkins , Benjamin Smolder , Judson Perry , Michael Turay , Shederick Whipple , Sherri K. Phelps , Eli Griggs , Charis Strange ) ; Bohuslav Martinu Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Kirk Trevor
Productions
The first UK production in just under twenty years was staged at Upstairs at the Gatehouse in August 2009 , directed by Katherine Hare , conducted by Leigh Thompson and produced by Racky Plews for MadCow Theatre Company .
Northwestern University produced the opera at Cahn Auditorium in Evanston , Illinois on May 18 , 19 , 20 and 21 , 2017 . The program credited Boosey & Hawkes . The program stated that Copland had been in residence at Northwestern from February 17 to March 2 , 1958 giving `` lectures on music and composing '' . There had been a production conducted by Copland with the Northwestern University Music School on February 28 , 1958 , also at Cahn Auditorium .
References
External links
Notes and Libretto
Synopsis , Recordings , Performance History , etc. , from USOpera.com
Video - Aaron Copland - The Tender Land - Opera - `` Laurie 's Aria '' & `` Love Duet '' ( 10:41 ) .
Video - Aaron Copland - The Tender Land - Opera - `` Laurie '' & `` The Tender Land '' ( 06:39 ) .
Video - Aaron Copland - The Tender Land - Opera - `` The Promise Of Living '' ( 04:59 ) .
Video - Aaron Copland - The Tender Land - Opera - `` Stomp Your Foot '' ( 03:22 ) .
Operas by Aaron Copland
English-language operas
Operas
1954 operas
Operas set in the United States
Opera world premieres at New York City Opera
G. David Gearhart ( born June 9 , 1952 ) was the fifth chancellor of the University of Arkansas . He succeeded John A . White on July 1 , 2008 , following 10 years of service to the university in his capacity as vice chancellor for university advancement . As chancellor , Dr. Gearhart instituted the first tuition freeze in 24 years and implemented a $ 220 million campus building renovation and refurbishment plan , as well as a campus-wide energy savings plan . He has also undertaken a renewed emphasis on the arts on campus , including the establishment of the “ All Steinway Campus. ” Under his leadership campus enrollment increased by more than 10 percent in two years , record research awards were recorded , and the university was reclassified by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as RU/VH— “ research university/very high , ” the foundation 's top research classification .
Career in higher education
Early career
In 1977 , Gearhart was appointed the director of development at Westminster College and led fundraising efforts for the Winston Churchill Memorial and Library . He returned to his native state in 1978 to become vice president for development at Hendrix College . After four years at Hendrix , Gearhart was selected to be the director of development at the University of Arkansas . In 1985 , Gearhart was appointed vice president for development and university relations at Pennsylvania State University , becoming senior vice president three years later .
While at Penn State , he launched a major capital campaign , which raised in excess of $ 352 million . Total private gifts to Penn State during his 11 years at the university surpassed $ 950 million . In 1995 , Gearhart joined the international consulting firm of Grenzebach , Glier , and Associates as senior vice president and managing director .
Career at the University of Arkansas
Gearhart returned to Arkansas in 1998 as vice chancellor for university advancement at the University of Arkansas . In that capacity , he was the architect of the Campaign for the Twenty-First Century , a billion-dollar capital campaign that concluded in June 2005 with the University of Arkansas taking its place as one of only 13 public universities at that time to have exceeded a billion dollars raised .
The centerpiece of this campaign was a $ 300 million gift from the Walton Family Charitable Support Foundation , the largest gift ever made to a public university . The direct results of Gearhart 's leadership in this effort included the creation of 132 new endowed faculty positions , 1,738 new student scholarship and fellowship funds , dozens of new and renovated facilities and classrooms , and growth of the overall endowment from $ 119 million in 1998 to nearly $ 900 million by the time he assumed the chancellorship .
In 2013 , Gearhart became involved in a scandal with then Vice Chancellor for University Advancement Brad Choate over budget shortfalls in the fundraising division of the institution . Choate , whose contract was not renewed , oversaw the overspending of the division 's budget . In response to Freedom of Information Act request submitted by the Arkansas Democrat Gazette regarding the budget shortfalls , the university determined that the requested record was exempt because it was an employee evaluation and job performance record involving Choate and another university employee . After receiving permission from both employees to release the record , the university provided it to the newspaper .
To satisfy public concerns about the division 's budget shortfalls , Gearhart requested an audit of Advancement finances by the Arkansas Division of Legislative Audit and the University of Arkansas System . The audit report was jointly published on September 11 , 2013 . At the subsequent meeting of the Legislature 's auditing committee , a former university employee made allegations that Gearhart had fostered a `` culture of secrecy '' and directed the destruction of relevant documents . A prosecutor then investigated allegations that the University had violated the Freedom of Information Act ( which would be a criminal offense under Arkansas law ) , but the prosecutor found no evidence of criminal activity . The prosecutor 's review included conflicting testimony from several witnesses , some indicating that Gearhart had told them to `` get rid of '' a document . However , the prosecutor determined that the document in question was not responsive to any FOIA request and thus had no bearing on the matter at hand .
Leadership
In addition to his responsibilities as chancellor , Gearhart is a tenured member of the faculty in the College of Education and Health Professions , holding the rank of professor . A nationally respected expert in capital campaigns , he is the author of two books , The Capital Campaign in Higher Education and Philanthropy , Fund Raising and the Capital Campaign , as well as numerous articles .
Gearhart is also an advocate for the DREAM Act , which provides a path to citizenship for alien minors .
In 2014 , following a decision from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Chris Piazza , the University of Arkansas began offering spousal benefits to same-sex married couples . Following the Supreme Court 's stay of Piazza 's decision , however , all campuses in the University of Arkansas System , including the University of Arkansas , could no longer offer these benefits .
Among his current professional affiliations , Gearhart serves as vice president of the University of Arkansas Fayetteville Campus Foundation , is a member of the board of advisors for the Arkansas World Trade Center , is a member of the Northwest Arkansas Council , and is a member of the advisory board of the Pryor Center for Oral and Visual History . He also is a licensed attorney in the state of Arkansas .
Personal
A native of Fayetteville , Arkansas , Gearhart is married to the former Jane Brockmann , whom he married in 1974 . They have two children . Gearhart 's late father , George A. Gearhart , was publisher of the Northwest Arkansas Times in Fayetteville . His mother , Joan Gearhart Havens , lives in Fayetteville .
Education
Fulbright Fellowship 1992 , Oxford University , Merton College , Oxford , England
Doctor of Education ( Ed.D . ) 1989 , University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , AR .
Juris Doctor , ( J.D . ) 1977 , University of Arkansas School of Law , Fayetteville , AR
Bachelor of Arts ( B.A . ) 1974 , Westminster College , Fulton , MO .
References
External links
Chancellor 's website
University of Arkansas website .
1952 births
University of Arkansas alumni
Leaders of the University of Arkansas
Westminster College ( Missouri ) alumni
Living people
ICB Banking Group also referred to as Swiss Finance Lexomburg AG or ICB Financial Group , but commonly known as International Commercial Bank ( ICB ) , is an International financial services provider based in Schindellegi , Switzerland , with subsidiaries in Eastern Europe , Africa and Asia . The parent company of the group was known as ICB Financial Group Holdings AG .
The company was delisted from AIM in 2012 .
History
The group began banking operations in 1994 when it was granted a license to operate a bank in Hungary . Since then , the ICB Banking Group has established or acquired commercial banks in Eastern Europe , Africa and Asia . As of May 2009 , the group operates banks in thirteen ( 13 ) countries on three ( 3 ) continents .
The group began their operations in Africa in 1996 in Ghana and today has a presence in nine ( 9 ) African countries . In 2003 , the group entered the Asian market by acquiring an indirect stake of 11.3 % in Bank Internasional Indonesia , one of the largest banks in Indonesia .
Through subsequent acquisitions and start-ups , ICB today operates in three ( 3 ) Asian countries .
In 2004 , the individual ownerships of the ICB Banking Group were incorporated under the umbrella of ICB Financial Group Holdings AG , a Swiss based holding company . On 17 May 2007 , ICB Financial Group Holdings AG was listed on AIM market of the London Stock Exchange .
ICB Bank Malawi was established in 2008 . In 2010 , ICB Banking Group disposed of its shareholding interest in ICB Islamic Bank in Bangladesh , for a consideration of US $ 55 million in cash . Also in 2010 , ICB Bank Zambia was established .
In 2013 , ICB sold the entirety of its Malawian operation , and controlling stakes of its operations in Zambia and Mozambique to southern African banking group FMB : ICB Malawi did not meet the minimum regulatory capital and other liquidity requirements , meant to safeguard customers . The motive of FMB in acquiring ICB was not because of the viability of the business in Malawi but because it was part of the transaction in the two countries where FMB would like to open its operations through the acquisition .
See also
List of banks in Africa
List of banks in Asia
External links
ICB Banking Group Homepage
Nigerian Bank Buys International Commercial Bank Assets In West Africa
References
Banks of Switzerland
Banks established in 1994
Swiss companies established in 1994
Wonder Bar is a 1934 American pre-Code film adaptation of a Broadway musical of the same name directed by Lloyd Bacon with musical numbers created by Busby Berkeley .
It stars Al Jolson , Kay Francis , Dolores del Río , Ricardo Cortez , Dick Powell , Guy Kibbee , Ruth Donnelly , Hugh Herbert , Louise Fazenda , Fifi D'Orsay , Merna Kennedy , Henry O'Neill , Robert Barrat , Henry Kolker , and Spencer Charters in the main roles . For its time , Wonder Bar was considered risqué , barely passing the censors at the Hays Office . The title is a pun on `` wunderbar , '' which is German for `` wonderful . ''
Plot
Wonder Bar is set in a Parisian nightclub , with the stars playing the 'regulars ' at the club . The movie revolves around two main story points , a romance and a more serious conflict with death , and several minor plots . All of the stories are enlivened from time to time by extravagant musical numbers . The more serious story revolves around Captain Von Ferring ( Robert Barrat ) , a German military officer . Ferring has gambled on the stock market and lost , now broke after dozens of failed investments , he is at the Wonder Bar to try and pull a one-night stand before killing himself the following day . Al Wonder ( Al Jolson ) knows about Ferring 's plan .
Meanwhile , an elaborate romance is unfolding . The bar 's central attraction is the Latin lounge dancing group led by Inez ( Dolores del Río ) . Al Wonder has a secret attraction to Inez , who has a burning passion for Harry ( Ricardo Cortez ) . However , Harry is two-timing her with Liane ( Kay Francis ) , who is married to the famous French banker Renaud ( Henry Kolker ) . The story comes to a climax when Inez finds out that Harry and Liane plan to run away together and head to the United States . Inez , in a haze of jealousy , kills Harry .
Subplots are much lighter in nature . They involve several drunken routines by two businessmen ( Hugh Herbert and an uncredited Hobart Cavanaugh ) and Al Wonder 's various narrations as emcee of the floor show and manager of the club .
Cast
Al Jolson as Al Wonder
Kay Francis as Liane
Dolores del Río as Inez
Ricardo Cortez as Harry
Dick Powell as Tommy
Guy Kibbee as Simpson
Ruth Donnelly as Mrs. Simpson
Hugh Herbert as Pratt
Louise Fazenda as Mrs. Pratt
Fifi D'Orsay as Mitzi
Merna Kennedy as Claire
Henry O'Neill as Richard - the Maitre 'd
Robert Barrat as Captain Hugo Von Ferring
Henry Kolker as Mr. R.H. Renaud
Spencer Charters as Pete
Pre-Code uncensored scenes
Two scenes stand above the rest . One was the blackface minstrel show finale , `` Goin ' to Heaven on a Mule '' ( featuring Jolson and Hal Le Roy ) , full of racial stereotypes . The other involved a handsome man , asking a dancing couple if he could cut in . The female partner , expecting his attention , agrees , only to see him dance with her male partner . Jolson then flaps his wrist and says , `` Boys will be boys ! Woo ! '' This scene almost caused the Production Code to reject the film , and was featured in the opening scenes of the documentary film The Celluloid Closet ( 1996 ) .
Production
The various scenes of Wonder Bar are permeated by musical numbers which were designed and directed by Busby Berkeley . The music was first written for the Broadway stage by Geza Herczeg , Karl Farkas and , and was adapted for the big screen by Earl Baldwin . Most of the musical numbers were typically 1930s ; big-band led by an entertaining band director ( Al ) , with lavish costumes packed with showgirls ( the trailers promised 'over 250 of the world 's the most beautiful women ' ) .
Reception
The film was one of Warners the biggest hits of the year . According to Warner Bros records it earned $ 1,264,000 domestically and $ 771,000 internationally .
See also
Busby Berkeley using alternate takes to circumvent censorship
References
External links
1934 films
1934 crime drama films
1930s musical drama films
American crime drama films
American musical drama films
American romantic drama films
American romantic musical films
American black-and-white films
Blackface minstrel shows and films
1930s English-language films
Films based on musicals
Films directed by Lloyd Bacon
First National Pictures films
Warner Bros. films
1930s romantic musical films
1930s American films
Adam Guy Gunthorpe ( born 29 October 1983 in Australia ) is a former first-class cricketer active 2005 who played in two matches for Hong Kong as a right-handed batsman .
References
1983 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Hong Kong cricketers
`` Greetings ( This Is Uncle Sam ) '' is a 1961 song recorded by three American R & B music groups , The Valadiers , The Monitors , and The Isley Brothers for the Motown label . It was written by Robert Bateman , Brian Holland , Stuart Avig , Martin Coleman , Art Glasser , Jerry Light , P Bennet , Lawrence Horn and Ronald Dunbar . ( Avig , Coleman , Glasser and Light were members of the Valadiers . ) The Isley Brothers version was shelved while the Valadiers ' and Monitors ' versions give both groups their first and only charter on the Billboard Hot 100 charts and became the biggest `` hit '' for each ; both groups could only archive very minor hits due to non-promotion .
The song lead ( Valadiers lead singer Avig , Monitors lead Richard Street , and Ronald Isley respectively ) tells the listeners about his frustrations of being drafted into the army , and how he does n't want to leave his family , friends and girl behind . The Valadiers and Monitors version also have a Drill Sergeant near the end ( played by Valadiers ' Jerry Light and Monitors ' Warren Harris respectively ) barking orders and telling the lead to get in line and march . This would be the only leads for both Light and Harris in their respective groups , as Avig and Coleman were the leads for the Valadiers and Street was the Monitors ' lead singer .
The Valadiers were the first to record the song in late 1961 . Their version would only make it to No . 89 on the pop chart , not enough ( and too little too late ) to save the Miracle label from being shut down and replaced with the Gordy label ( to which both the group and the Temptations would be reassigned to ) . The Isleys were the next to record it on January 22 , 1966 , and then the Monitors just days later on January 28 . The Isley Brothers ' version was shelved until 1972 , three or four years after they left Motown to restart their T-Neck record label . The Monitor 's version would become their biggest `` hit '' on not only the U.S . Pop charts but on the U.S . Billboard R & B chart . But while it reached No . 21 on the U.S. R & B charts ( their second and last single on that chart ) , it only peaked at No . 100 on the U.S . Hot 100 ( the first of only two to make the U.S . Pop charts - their last was on the Bubbling Under chart ) .
Personnel
Valadiers ' version
Lead vocals by Stuart Avig and Jerry Light
Backing vocals by Stuart Avig , Marty Coleman , Art Glasser and Jerry Light
Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers
Isley Brothers ' version
Lead vocals by Ronald Isley
Backing vocals by O'Kelly Isley , Jr. and Rudolph Isley
Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers
Monitors ' version
Lead vocals by Richard Street and Warren Harris
Backing vocals by Sandra Fagin , Maurice Fagin , and Warren Harris
Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers
References
1961 songs
1961 singles
1965 singles
Motown singles
Songs written by Robert Bateman ( songwriter )
Songs written by Brian Holland
Songs written by Ron Dunbar
Valiente Peak ( ) is a peak ( 2,165 m ) on Kyiv Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land , standing close north of the mouth of Lever Glacier where the latter enters Beascochea Bay . It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1908–10 , under Charcot and named by him `` Sommet Saens Valiente , '' probably for Captain J.P. Saenz Valiente of Argentina . It was remapped by the British Graham Land Expedition ( BGLE ) under Rymill during surveys in Beascochea Bay in August 1935 and a journey to Trooz Glacier in January 1936 . The name was shortened by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in 1959 .
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Mountains of Graham Land
Graham Coast
This is a list of Brazilian television related events from 1965 .
Events
26 AprilTV Globo begins broadcasting in Rio de Janeiro .
Debuts
Television shows
Births
31 January - Adriano Garib , actor
6 April - Juan Alba , actor , TV host & singer
Deaths
See also
1965 in Brazil
The Men 's 5 km competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 27 June 2022 .
Results
The race was started at 09:00 .
References
Men 's 5 km
Men 's 5 km open water
Francis Francis may refer to :
Francis Francis ( cricketer ) ( 1852–1926 ) , English cricketer
Francis Francis ( writer ) ( 1822–1886 ) , English writer on angling
Francis Francis ( speedboat pilot ) from Pete Bostwick
Francis Francis ( golfer ) from Omega European Masters
See also
FrancisFrancis , an Italian espresso machine manufacturer
Frank Francis ( 1901–1988 ) , librarian and curator
Francis ( disambiguation )
Lorna Buntrock Herseth ( April 5 , 1909 – September 8 , 1994 ) was the Secretary of State of South Dakota from 1972 to 1978 .
Personal life
Herseth was born in Columbia , South Dakota on April 5 , 1909 . Her parents , Albert and Ida Yeske Buntrock , were German immigrants . She was the youngest of 11 children . Herseth attended Northern State Teacher 's College and earned a teaching credential after two years of study .
She married Ralph Herseth , who served as Governor of South Dakota from 1959 to 1961 , on December 23 , 1937 . They had dated for nine years prior to getting married . Together they had three children , Karen , Connie , and Ralph Lars .
Their son , Ralph Lars Herseth , served in the South Dakota State Legislature . Their granddaughter , Stephanie Herseth Sandlin , served in the United States House of Representatives . Herseth served as mentor to Sandlin . During her life , Herseth lived in Houghton , South Dakota and in Pierre , South Dakota . She was a Lutheran . She died on September 8 , 1994 and was buried in Houghton Cemetery .
Career
After college , Herseth taught in the Brown County public schools as well as in urban schools . In 1936 , Herseth was elected as Brown County Superintendent of Schools . For seven years , she served on Brown County 's Reorganization School Board . She later served on the Selby School Board .
Four years after Ralph 's death , activists approached Herseth about running for state office herself . She twice was elected Secretary of State of South Dakota , and served from 1973–1979 .
Public service
Herseth served on the board of directors for the Brown County Red Cross and as the state director of the Easter Seal Society for Crippled Children and Adults .
References
Secretaries of State of South Dakota
Schoolteachers from South Dakota
American women educators
First Ladies and Gentlemen of South Dakota
School board members in South Dakota
Women in South Dakota politics
People from Brown County , South Dakota
American people of German descent
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
1909 births
1994 deaths
Howard C. Bauchner , vice chairman of pediatrics at the Boston University School of Medicine , was the editor-in-chief of the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) from July 1 , 2011 until June 30 , 2021 . During his time with JAMA he created the JAMA Network family of specialty journals , launched four new journals ( JAMA Oncology , JAMA Cardiology , JAMA Network Open , JAMA Health Forum ) , created many new article types , established a relationship with the United States Preventive Services Task Force , and expanded the journal 's digital presence through website redesign , search engine optimization of journal websites , and expanded social media and multimedia activity . He stepped down from the editor-in-chief position in partial response to a JAMA Network podcast addressing structural racism .
From 2003 to 2011 , he served as editor-in-chief of Archives of Disease in Childhood .
References
External links
Profile — Boston University website
Boston University faculty
American pediatricians
Living people
Medical journal editors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The Marie Luise Kaschnitz Prize ( Marie Luise Kaschnitz-Preis ) is a German literary prize , awarded approximately every two years by the Tutzing Protestant Academy Evangelische Akademie Tutzing . It recognizes the lifetime achievements of writers in the German language . The monetary value is €7,500 .
The prize commemorates Marie Luise Kaschnitz , who died in 1974 . The first award was announced on 14 October 1984 .
Recipients
All the recipients except Aichinger and Fries are currently still alive .
1984 Ilse Aichinger
1986 Hanna Johansen
1988 Fritz Rudolf Fries
1990 Paul Nizon
1992 Gerhard Roth
1994 Ruth Klüger
1996 Erica Pedretti
1998 Arnold Stadler
2000 Wulf Kirsten
2002 Robert Menasse
2004 Julia Franck
2006 Pascal Mercier
2008 Sibylle Lewitscharoff
2010 Mirko Bonné
2012
2015 Lutz Seiler
2017 Michael Köhlmeier
2019 Angelika Klüssendorf
References
External links
Der Marie Luise Kaschnitz-Preis — Evangelische Akademie Tutzing
Literary awards of Bavaria
Willem Ritstier ( born June 12 , 1959 ) is a Dutch cartoonist . He is the winner of the 2017 Stripschapprijs .
References
Living people
1959 births
Dutch cartoonists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Thomas Byrth ( 11 September 1793 – 28 October 1849 ) was an English teacher , cleric and scholar .
He was of Quaker background , and became an evangelical low church Anglican . He was opposed to high Calvinism .
He was a leading defender of the conventional view of the Trinity during the unitarian controversies of the 1830s and 1840s .
Early years
Thomas Byrth was born in Plymouth Dock ( now Devonport , Plymouth ) , on 11 September 1793 .
His father , John Byrth ( 1757–1813 ) , was born and raised a Quaker in Kilkenny , County Westmeath , Ireland .
In 1786 John Byrth married Mary Hobling , a Wesleyan Methodist from an old Cornish family , in Plymouth Dock .
Their first child was baptised in a Wesleyan chapel .
John Byrth was listed as being a grocer in Plymouth Dock in 1791 .
He retained his Quaker beliefs , and was in an 1809 list of Devon Quakers .
Thomas Byrth briefly attended the Callington , Cornwall , parish school , then spent eight years in a private school run by two Unitarian ministers .
They were well-meaning but incompetent teachers .
His then spent a year at a school in Launceston , Cornwall , run by Richard Cope ( 1776–1850 ) , a congregational minister .
Due to lack of money to pay for further education , Thomas Byrth took an apprenticeship at a chemist and druggist company in Plymouth founded by William Cookworthy ( 1705–80 ) , a Quaker and pioneer porcelain manufacturer .
Byrth was an apprentice with Cookworthys from 1809 to 1814 .
Byrth became a close friend of Samuel Rowe ( 1793–1853 ) , a bookseller and antiquarian .
In 1814 they launched the Plymouth Literary Magazine and undertook an antiquarian tour of Cornwall .
They published only six issues of the magazine , the last appearing on 19 November 1814 .
Also in 1814 they established a boarding school in Plympton , which was also short-lived .
Byrth was still connected to the Quakers , but began to gradually adopt evangelical doctrines .
He was a moderate evangelical , and was opposed to the high Calvinist teachings of Robert Hawker ( 1753–1827 ) that were in vogue in Plymouth at the time .
Byrth was active in the Plymouth Athenaeum , described as `` the centre of all literary , scientific and artistic life in South Devon . ''
Teacher
In 1815 Byrth began to teach private pupils in the home of his mother , now a widow .
The school was successful , and at one point had sixty pupils .
One of his pupils was Benjamin Wills Newton , an extremely gifted boy from a Quaker background who followed Byrth when he moved to Diptford in the spring of 1823 .
Newton later said of Byrth , `` He never did me justice , and I often thought that if I had been under different training how much I might have been the gainer ... He was not an agreeable man , he hated mankind and mankind disliked him . ''
However , another pupil wrote , `` During the seven years in which I had the advantage of his care , he attracted a large number of pupils , and conducted one of the best schools in the west of England ; and certainly no one ever fulfilled the duties of his profession with more conscientious zeal and unwearied attention . ''
Anglican cleric
In 1818 Byrth matriculated at Magdalen Hall , Oxford . In 1819 he formally applied for membership in the Society of Friends ( Quakers ) on the grounds of birthright , but was rejected . On 21 October 1819 he was baptised into the Church of England at St. Andrew 's Church , Plymouth . He continued to run the school in Plymouth until he was ordained a curate .
Byrth was ordained to the curacy of Diptford , near Totnes in Devon , in April 1823 , remaining there until 1825 . He taught some pupils while in Diptford . He took Bachelor 's and master 's degrees in the spring of 1826 , and was a tutor at Oxford until 1827 . On 5 February 1827 Byrth , then curate at St Clement 's Church , Oxford , wrote that Henry Bulteel `` has created a most powerful sensation here , by preaching ultra-Calvinism , and circulating Dr Hawker 's tracts . ''
In 1827 Byrth was presented by Thomas Greenall to the small incumbency of Latchford , in the parish of Grappenhall in Cheshire . On 19 June 1827 he married Mary Kingdom .
In 1833 John Hatchard , Vicar of St. Andrew , Plymouth , nominated Berth to the perpetual curacy of St. Paul 's , Stonehouse . In 1834 Byrth was collated by John Sumner , Bishop of Chester , to the rectory of Wallasey , Cheshire , now part of Merseyside . He became a Bachelor of Divinity on 17 October 1839 and took his degree of Doctor of Divinity two days later .
Byrth engaged in controversy with John Hamilton Thom on Unitarianism . In 1848 he edited the sermons of the Rev . Thomas Tattershall , D.D. , incumbent of St. Augustine 's Church , Liverpool , and prefixed to them a memoir of the author .
Byrth belonged to the `` low church '' movement in the Anglican church . His biographer says he `` was an evangelical in religion and a Whig in politics . His scholarship was thorough , and he was possessed of poetic taste and antiquarian enthusiasm . ''
Byrth died in Wallasey on 28 October 1849 , leavinf a wife and seven children . A public subscription was raised for their benefit , and reached almost £4,000 .
Of his three sons and four daughters , born between 1828 and 1839 , two of the sons also became Anglican priests , and one became a barrister . The west window in the Wallasey Church is filled with stained glass in his memory .
A fellow-clergyman , G. R. Moncreiff , published Remains of Thomas Byrth , D.D. , F.A.S. , Rector of Wallasey , with a memoir of his life in 1851 . A sermon on his death , preached by the Rev . John Tobin in St. John 's Church , Liscard , on 4 November 1849 , was also published in 1851 .
Selected publications
Although known as a profound scholar , Byrth was not a prolific author .
He published a memoir on Rev . Dr. Tatershall of Liverpool and a few sermons and pamphlets .
Notes
Sources
1793 births
1849 deaths
19th-century English Anglican priests
Writers from Devonport , Plymouth
Clergy from Plymouth , Devon
Schoolteachers from Devon
Nuru Energy is an international social enterprise which is working to address the global problem of energy poverty and climate change in Africa and India . This is through the distribution of affordable LED lamps that are recharged using a simple-to-use human powered generator that is more efficient than current solar .
Nuru Energy 's business model uses a unique distribution strategy to sell its products indirectly to rural customers through micro-franchise entrepreneurs who are equipped and trained by the company and financed through Kiva .
Focus
Nuru Energy aims to eradicate the use kerosene lamp from Africa through provision of LED lamps to the bottom of the pyramid markets that can not afford other alternative solar lighting source due to their high cost . This switch from kerosene use would lead to reduction in global carbon emissions leading to the firm earning carbon credits .
This Clean Development Mechanism project led to the firm partnering with Bank of America Merrill Lynch in 2011 , in a deal that would see the investment bank purchase carbon credits from Nuru Energy for a period of 10 years .
See also
Renewable energy in developing countries
UN-Energy
Acumen Fund
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Kiva
References
Renewable energy policy
International sustainability organizations
Erndtebrück station is a railway station in the municipality of Erndtebrück , located in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
References
Railway stations in North Rhine-Westphalia
Buildings and structures in Siegen-Wittgenstein
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1888
1888 establishments in Prussia
Lorenz Leopold Haschka ( 1 September 1749 – 3 August 1827 ) was an Austrian poet and author of the words to Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser , Austria 's national anthem until 1918 .
Haschka was born and died in Vienna . In his youth , he was a member of the Society of Jesus . On the suppression of the Society ( 1773 ) he devoted himself , in secular life , to poetry , this was now to become his vocation and his means of livehood . His pupil , the wealthy Johann Baptist von Alxinger , an imitator of Christoph Martin Wieland , came to his assistance . Haschka also found aid in the home of poet Karoline Pichler . Having left the Jesuits , under the influence of Josephinism , he became a freemason and wrote odes against the papacy during the presence of Pius VI in Vienna , as well as against the religious orders . He returned to Catholicism after the death of Joseph II , Holy Roman Emperor , and was selected to compose a national anthem , with music by Joseph Haydn , which was first sung on 12 February 1797 , at the celebration of Francis II 's birthday . Haschka was given a position as assistant in the library of the University of Vienna and was made instructor in aesthetics in the newly founded Theresianum . He retired in 1824 .
Work
Unsere Sprache . 1784
Die Könige . 1787
Epinikion Herrn Johann August Starck . 1790 ( Digitalisat in der Digitalen Bibliothek Mecklenburg-Vorpommern )
Verwünschungen , den Franzosen ... gesungen im Februar , 1793 . Vienna : Mit v. Kurtzbekischen Schriften , 1793 .
Blutrache über die Franzosengerufen ... im November 1793 . Vienna , 1793 .
Das gerettete Teutschland gesungen zu Vienna im November 1795 , Ode . Vienna , 1796 .
Gott , erhalte den Kaiser ! Verfasset von Lorenz Leopold Haschka , In Musik gesetzet von Joseph Haydn , Zum ersten Mahle abgesungen den 12 . Februar , 1797 . Vienna ,
Auf Denis Tod . 1800
Auf die Vermählung Ihrer Kaiserlichen Hoheit Maria Ludovica , Erzherzogin von Österreich , mit Seiner Majestät Napoleon dem Ersten , Kaiser der Franzosen , ... am 11-ten März 1810 , Ode . Vienna : Strauß , 1810
References
cites :
Sommervogel , Bibliothèque de la Compagnie de Jesus
1749 births
1827 deaths
Writers from Vienna
18th-century Austrian Jesuits
18th-century Austrian poets
Austrian male poets
Christian poets
Former Jesuits
18th-century male writers
Catholic poets
The Mira-Bhayandar Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Mira-Bhayandar in the Indian state of Maharashtra . It consists of democratically elected members , headed by a mayor who administers the city 's infrastructure , public services and police . Members of the state 's leading political parties hold elected offices in the corporation .
The municipal corporation is in Bhayandar . Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras ( Chennai ) in 1688 , later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay ( Mumbai ) and Calcutta ( Kolkata ) by 1762 . Mira-Bhayandar Municipal Corporation is headed by Mayor of city and governed by Commissioner . Mira-Bhayandar Municipal Corporation has been formed with functions to improve the infrastructure of town .
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government .
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation .
Property tax .
Profession tax .
Entertainment tax .
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax .
Advertisement tax .
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation .
Water usage charges .
Fees from Documentation services .
Rent received from municipal property .
Funds from municipal bonds .
Election results
2017 results
2012 results
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
Steven John Mendonca - 2007-2012
References
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Mira-Bhayandar
Year of establishment missing
Versam is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . The municipalities of Valendas , Versam , Safien and Tenna merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Safiental .
History
Versam is first mentioned in 1050 as a valle Versamia .
Geography
Versam had an area , , of . Of this area , 16.8 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 70.6 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 2 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 10.6 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . It is located above the Vorderrhein canyon at the entrance to the Safien Valley . It consists of the linear village of Versam and the hamlets of Versam-Station , Arezen , Calörtsch and Sculms .
Demographics
Versam had a population ( as of 2011 ) of 226 . { , 4.0 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -18.5 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks German ( 98.0 % ) , with Romansh being second most common ( 1.6 % ) and Spanish being third ( 0.4 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.6 % male and 51.4 % female . The age distribution , , in Versam is ; 35 children or 13.7 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 33 teenagers or 12.9 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 12 people or 4.7 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 41 people or 16.1 % are between 30 and 39 , 36 people or 14.1 % are between 40 and 49 , and 25 people or 9.8 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 29 people or 11.4 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 25 people or 9.8 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 15 people or 5.9 % who are between 80 and 89 there are 4 people or 1.6 % who are between 90 and 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 42.6 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SP ( 30.7 % ) , the FDP ( 16.7 % ) and the CVP ( 9.1 % ) .
In Versam about 78.9 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Versam has an unemployment rate of 0.52 % . , there were 41 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 17 businesses involved in this sector . 7 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector . 52 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 9 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Transport
Versam-Safien station , on the line of the Rhaetian Railway that links Chur and Disentis , is located and some lower than the village of Versam , and about to the north . To reach the village directly , a Postauto bus service provides a connection , which also serves Thalkirch and Tenna .
References
External links
Official website
Safiental
Villages in Graubünden
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Raymond Charles Campi ( April 20 , 1934 – March 11 , 2021 ) was an American singer and musician , nicknamed `` The King of Rockabilly '' . He first recorded in the mid-1950s . Campi 's trademark was his white double bass , which he often jumped on top of and `` rode '' while playing .
Biography
He was born in New York City , in April 1934 , and lived in Yonkers , New York , during his earliest years . After his family moved in 1944 to Austin , Texas , Campi began a lifetime of performing and recording music in numerous genres , including folk , country , and rock and roll as well as rockabilly . Early on he recorded on Domino Records . In the 1950s , Campi recorded for several labels , including Dot Records , and recorded the first tribute record to the 1959 Buddy Holly plane crash , `` The Ballad of Donna and Peggy Sue '' , backed by the Big Bopper 's band . He also worked with a diverse range of singers , including Mae West ( who recorded his song `` Caterpillar '' ) and Ian Whitcomb .
He rarely concentrated on his musical career exclusively , working a wide variety of jobs , notably twenty-five years , from 1967 , spent as a junior high school teacher in Van Nuys , California . During these years Ray Campi were a teacher for Johnny and Dorsey Burnette kids . He fiercely criticized the mainstream music industry , in particular its connections with drug culture .
His musical career took off in the early 1970s when he was rediscovered by Ronny Weiser , the owner of Rollin ' Rock Records . Soon after , Ronny bought the double bass for him . But during the fifties , Ray Campi played on bass-guitar . After 4 days of practise , Ray recorded `` Pan American Boogie '' in Ronny 's bedroom .
Soon after Ray began touring Great Britain and Europe more often and regularly played at festivals there . He also recorded with German , Finnish , British and Dutch rockabilly bands over two decades , and produced his own albums with artists such as Rosie Flores , Bobby 'Fats ' Mizell and Ian Whitcomb . Campi performed on several solo albums by Kevin Fennell , his lead guitarist from 1977 to 2015 . Campi also performed and recorded with his longtime musical associate Rip Masters .
Campi died in his sleep at home on March 11 , 2021 , at the age of 86 .
Recognition
Ray Campi was a member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame .
Early discography
Many of Ray Campi 's earliest 1950s recordings were not issued until the 1980s and 1990s , mostly on European albums . But the following were issued on 45-rpm and , in some cases , 78-rpm . `` Caterpillar '' was considered his most popular record until his revival in the 1970s .
TNT 145 `` Caterpillar '' / '' Play It Cool '' 1956
Dot 15617 `` It Ai n't Me '' / '' Give That Love to Me '' 1957
Domino 700 `` My Screamin ' Screamin ' Mimi '' / '' Uh Huh Huh '' 1958
Domino 701 `` You Gambled '' / '' No Time '' 1958
D-104 `` Ballad of Donna and Peggy Sue '' / '' The Man I Met ( Tribute to the Big Bopper ) '' 1959
Verve 10208 `` Our Man in Havana '' / '' Reprieve of Love '' 1960
Colpix 166 `` Cry For Happy '' / '' Hear What I Wan na Hear '' 1960
References
External links
Entries at 45cat.com
1934 births
2021 deaths
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century double-bassists
American double-bassists
American rockabilly musicians
Country musicians from New York ( state )
D Records artists
Male double-bassists
People from Yonkers , New York
Radar Records artists
Slap bassists ( double bass )
`` It 's About That Walk '' is a song recorded by American musician Prince . It was released as the third and final promotional single from his twenty-second studio album The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale ( 1999 ) . It was issued in 1999 as a CD single , exclusively in Germany . Prince solely wrote and produced it , while a series of individuals provided various instrumentation for the track .
Originally recorded in September 1993 , the song remained unreleased for six years until the announcement of The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale . `` It 's About That Walk '' received mixed reviews from music critics , who enjoyed the track 's production , but found it to be `` unmemorable '' . The German CD single was issued via Warner Bros. Records , including only the album version of the track ; this marked Prince 's final collaboration with Warner .
Background and release
In July 1999 , Prince announced the upcoming release of The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale , a collection of previously unreleased material from his partnership with Warner Bros. Records . The material created was recorded throughout 1985 and 1994 , and was promoted by the release of one single , `` Extraordinary '' , on August 10 , 1999 . While it is unknown what album Prince wrote the song for , `` It 's About That Walk '' was written around the time The Hits/The B-Sides was released .
A CD single of `` It 's About That Walk '' was released exclusively in Germany , to further promote The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale . The CD solely included the album version of the track , but was not made available for purchase as it was a `` promo-only '' CD . This collaboration was the last Prince would do with Warner Bros. for nearly fifteen years ; his next release with Warner would be Plectrumelectrum ( 2014 ) .
Critical response
After its release , `` It 's About That Walk '' received mixed reviews from music critics . Mark Zeltner of PopMatters declared it the `` best of the lot '' on The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale , favorably comparing it to the works of James Brown and Smokey Robinson . In a highly mixed review , a critic of NME called the single `` agreeable '' but `` unmemorable '' .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale liner notes
Prince – vocals , lyrics , production , instruments
Michael B . – drums
Tommy Barbarella – keyboards
Brian Gallagher – tenor saxophone
Mr. Hayes – keyboards
Kathy J . – baritone saxophone
Dave Jensen – trumpet
Michael Nelson – trombone
Levi Seacer , Jr. – guitar
Steve Strand – trumpet
Sonny T. – bass guitar
References
1999 songs
Prince ( musician ) songs
Song recordings produced by Prince ( musician )
Songs written by Prince ( musician )
The 1998 Basildon District Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Basildon District Council in Essex , England . One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
After the election , the composition of the council was
Labour 23
Liberal Democrats 13
Conservative 6
Election result
All comparisons in vote share are to the corresponding 1994 election .
Ward results
Billericay East
Billericay West
Burstead
Fryerns Central
Fryerns East
Laindon
Langdon Hills
Lee Chapel
Nethermayne
Pitsea East
Pitsea West
Vange
Wickford North
Wickford South
References
1998
1998 English local elections
1990s in Essex
Hadama Bathily ( born 18 June 1985 in Rouen ) is a French Guianaian association footballer who played for Etoile FC in the Singapore S.League . He plays as a goalkeeper .
Career
Hadama Bathily signed for Etoile FC for the 2011 season . He made his debut for the club in the clash against Tanjong Pagar on September 26. in which Etoile FC ran out 6-1 winners .
Controversy
Bathily was embroiled in controversy during the Match # 86 clash between Etoile FC and Hougang United , in which the game was called off before kickoff due to an all-in brawl involving both squads . Both teams gave varying descriptions of how the fight occurred , however the fight is believed to have started during the pre-match warm up when an Etoile FC ball was kicked into the Hougang United warm up area . It is then claimed that Bathily entered the Hougang warm up area to retrieve the ball , where he then headbutted Hougang 's assistant coach Hasrin Jailani , with no provocation . Bathily denied these reports , claiming he slapped the assistant coach because he had aimed a racist slur towards him . However , an unnamed source from Etoile claims the melee started when first-choice goalkeeper Antonin Trilles was verbally abused , and even kicked by the Hougang assistant coach .
As a result of the fracas , Basit Abdul Hamid and the Hougang assistant coach were taken to hospital , whilst Etoile players Franklin Anzite and Bathily were also taken to hospital .
After a week-long disciplinary hearing from the Football Association of Singapore , which took 5 sessions , a total of hours , finally reached a verdict . Both clubs were docked 5 points each , and fined $ 10,000 , of which $ 5,000 is suspended until the end of the 2011 S.League season , dependent on each club good behaviour . Three Hougang United members were charged with gross misconduct which brought the game into disrepute . Assistant coach Jailani was fined $ 1,000 , charged with using vulgar language and received a 3-match touchline ban . The Hougang Captain Shariff Abdul Samat was fined $ 1,500 and charged with committing an act of violence upon Bathily , and received a 5-match suspension . Fathi Yunus was cleared of all charges by the tribunal .
Bathili himself was charged with committing an act of violence upon the Hougang assistant coach , was fined $ 2,000 and received a 7-match ban , whilst Bathili 's teammate Serge Souchon-Koguia was charged with committing an assault on Hougang player Basit Abdul Hamid , fined $ 1,500 and received a 5-match ban .
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
French Guianan footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Singapore
Footballers from Rouen
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Thonon Evian Grand Genève F.C . players
French Guianan expatriate footballers
Étoile FC players
The Lotus T127 is a Formula One motor racing car designed and built by Lotus Racing for the season . It was driven by Jarno Trulli and Heikki Kovalainen and was unveiled in London , on 12 February 2010 . The car made its track début in the hands of test driver Fairuz Fauzy on 17 February 2010 at Circuito de Jerez .
Formation of Team Lotus
Following the 1994 collapse – but before the end of that season – the rights to the name Team Lotus were purchased by David Hunt , brother of former F1 champion James Hunt . In 2009 , when the FIA announced an intention to invite entries for a budget-limited championship in 2010 , Litespeed acquired the right to submit an entry under the historic name . Lotus Cars , the sister company of the original Team Lotus , distanced itself from the new entry and announced its willingness to take action to protect its name and reputation if necessary . When the 2010 entry list was released on 12 June 2009 , the Litespeed Team Lotus entry was not one of those selected .
Litespeed F3 team approached Malaysian entrepreneur Tony Fernandes , who already sponsored the Williams team through his AirAsia airline . In September 2009 , reports emerged of plans for the Malaysian Government to back a Lotus named entry for the 2010 championship to promote the Malaysian car manufacturer Proton , which owned Lotus Cars . On 15 September 2009 , the FIA announced that the Malaysian-backed team Lotus Racing had been granted admission into the 2010 season . Group Lotus later terminated the licence for future seasons as a result of what it called `` flagrant and persistent breaches of the licence by the team '' .
Founded as Lotus Racing , the team was operated by 1Malaysia Racing Team Sdn . Bhd. , a privately funded project jointly owned by Tune Group and Naza Group , in partnership with the Malaysian Government and a consortium of Malaysian entrepreneurs . Proton , the Malaysian car company which owns Lotus Cars , gave permission for the team to use the Lotus brand in Formula One . The Malaysian Government emphasised that the government itself is not going to invest in the team and that the Malaysian government 's investment is only through Proton .
On 24 September 2010 , it was announced that Tony Fernandes ( Lotus Racing ) had acquired the name rights of Team Lotus from David Hunt , marking the official rebirth of Team Lotus in Formula One .
Pre season
Mike Gascoyne said `` We 've got a great heritage that we 've got to live up to '' . He also said they wanted to rival the debut of Brawn GP but said that would be a greater challenge as the Brawn team already had a car ready for racing and all they needed was financing . He also mentioned the main objective was to have a car on the grid in Bahrain at 2010 .
Development of the 2010 car started late , due to the late acceptance of the team 's entry . On 14 September 2009 , the first four people started work , with the factory being bare , empty and old . When Kovalainen first visited the Lotus factory , people were still building the walls and floors . Gascoyne phoned some people he knew to help at the factory . By November , they had a mock engine design . Working with Fondtechon aerodynamics , the team used engines supplied by Cosworth , and gearboxes from Xtrac . The design was revealed in October 2009 at the start of the wind tunnel programme . On 17 November , Gascoyne and Fernandes gave a joint interview saying they 're `` feeling the pressure of the famous name '' .
On 14 December 2009 , the team announced their drivers for their debut season as former Toyota driver Jarno Trulli and McLaren 's Heikki Kovalainen . Malaysian driver Fairuz Fauzy was also confirmed as the team 's test and reserve driver .
Trulli stressed they will have to progress one step at a time . `` We have to set realistic targets for the first year , '' he said in Malaysia . `` We are one of the new teams , so we have to prove ourselves and to gain respect in the paddock . We have to establish ourselves as the best of the new teams and see what gap we have between us and the rest . Only then will we really understand what gains we need to make . ''
2010 Season
Fittipaldi said at the Bahrain Grand Prix , `` The history of Lotus makes them so special . When Colin Chapman invited me to drive for Lotus it was an honour . The team stopped for a long while but now they are here again and I 'm sure they 'll have no problems . ' At the first practice session of the Bahrain Grand Prix , both Kovalainen and Trulli set times , albeit both slower than Glock 's Virgin by 200 and 300 tenths respectively . In qualifying , they qualified 21st and 22nd , being out-qualified by Glock . For the new teams , the race was a race of attrition , with both Hispania 's and Virgins retiring . Trulli retired on lap 46 due to hydraulic issues , but was classified as he completed more than 90 % of the race leader 's distance . Kovalainen finished a strong 15th , 2 laps behind race winner Alonso . Kovalainen was the only driver of the 3 new teams to cross the finish line . Tony Fernandes said on Twitter , `` What an amazing day . Lotus is back . Two cars finishing . ''
In Australia , The Lotus cars of Heikki Kovalainen and Trulli lined up in 19th and 20th respectively , with Trulli experiencing a problem with his seat which caused it to bounce in his car . They were ahead of both Virgin 's and Hispanias ' . Trulli left his garage , and suffered a hydraulic pump failure on the grid . He attempted to start the race from the pit lane after , but the team was unable to rectify the problem and Trulli did not start . Kovalainen did start , and finished in 13th , ahead of Karun Chandhok , the last finisher .
At practice for the Malaysian Grand Prix , Fauzy replaced Heikki Kovalainen in the first free practice session at the 2010 Malaysian Grand Prix , as Jarno Trulli won a coin toss against Kovalainen . In qualifying , at Lotus Racing 's home grand prix , the weather provided numerous high-profile casualties during the early period of the session , as both McLaren and Ferrari drivers inexplicably opted to remain in their garages while the rest of the fieldset banker laps , before the rain arrived . By the time they made their way onto the track , the rain had set in , and it proved impossible to complete a lap good enough to make it into Q2 . Kovalainen set a good time in Q1 , and was able to beat Trulli into Q2 and out-qualified Glock in Q2 , who had also made it in . Kovalainen lined up 15th . He made a good start , although was overtaken by the McLarens and Ferrari 's . On lap 20 , Kovalainen pitted because he was suffering hydraulic issues . He resumed nine laps adrift of the leader and circulated six laps behind his nearest rival . He ultimately did not complete enough laps to be classified as a finisher , ultimately taking the chequered flag ten laps down . His teammate Trulli collided with Glock on lap 3 . Later in the race , he suffered hydraulic issues , but was able to bring it home in 17th , 5 laps down and overtaken by both Hispania 's .
In China , they qualified 20th and 21st , out-qualified by Glock once again . When the safety car came out , Kovalainen did not pit , and he ran as high as 6th place , the first time one of the new teams had run in a points-scoring position all season . Kovalainen finished a strong 14th place , while Trulli retired on lap 36 due to yet another hydraulic issue .
At the Spanish Grand Prix first practice session , Kovalainen was once again the fastest of the new teams , his Lotus T127 finishing four seconds slower than Hamilton and less than two behind the Williams of Nico Hülkenberg . Both ( loti ) qualified higher than the two Virgin 's and Hispania 's . Kovalainen , about to start his formation lap , his gearbox software attempted to select two gears at the same time , breaking his gearbox . He pitted before the race started , and the lotus mechanics tried to fix the issue to get him out on a track a couple of laps behind , but soon the mechanics abandoned the plan . Trulli finished ahead of the two Virgin 's in 17th . It was now becoming evident that Lotus Racing was faster than Virgin and Hispania .
Following concerns over the tight and narrow nature of the Monaco circuit combined with new teams Virgin Racing , Lotus and Hispania being between three and six seconds slower than the established teams over the course of a lap and therefore creating a very real possibility for a slower car compromising the flying laps of their faster counterparts , the suggestion was put forth to split the first session of qualifying into two groups of twelve cars , similar to the format used by the IndyCar Series . However , at the Spanish Grand Prix , one week before the Monaco race , the proposal was rejected by several teams . The FIA later set a maximum allowable lap time for qualifying , with any car that is slower than one minute and twenty-two seconds between the first and last corners facing penalties from the stewards . Trulli stated that he felt drivers and teams had no cause for complaint if anyone is held up , saying `` they have had plenty of time among the teams about what to do for here [ Monaco ] , and they did n't come up with a solution . So I do n't think anyone should start complaining now . '' Heikki Kovalainen was the fastest of the 3 new teams ; it was the first time teammate Jarno Trulli was out-qualified at Monaco by his teammate . The Lotus cars were followed by the two Virgins and the two Hispanias . In the race , Trulli had a problem car in the pits , the mechanics took an age to get the nut off his back wheel . This meant he was behind Chandhok . Kovalainen retired on lap 58 with a steering problem , while Trulli caught up to Chandhok . Trulli attempted a pass at Rascasse that resulted in his Lotus mounting Chandhok 's car and his wheels narrowly missing Chandhok 's head . Chandhok put his hands up to his helmet when Trulli 's car came across him – he was lucky he did n't lose them . Both drivers walked away from the crash . The incident occurred just in front of race leader Webber , who avoided being caught up in the tangle . Trulli later apologised to Chandhok .
In Turkey , Lotus débuted a new rear wing specification which improved the forward balance of their chassis . They yet again out-qualified the two other new teams , but both suffered a hydraulics issue , with Trulli grinding to a halt on lap 35 , while Kovalainen retired the lap after with a power steering failure , in turn , eight which was followed by him not being able to operate his gearbox , clutch and throttle coming into the pits and his car was pushed into the Lotus garage .
At the Canadian Grand Prix , Trulli stopped in the pit entry on lap forty-seven with terminal brake problems . Kovalainen finished ahead of the new teams .
At the European Grand Prix in Valencia , the team marked the 500th race in the Lotus marque 's history . On lap nine , Webber attempted to pass Kovalainen for 17th , by running in his slipstream at 190 miles per hour ( 310 km/h ) on the main straight but the Kovalainen appeared to brake earlier than Webber expected , and the Red Bull made contact with Kovalainen 's right-rear wheel , sending him airborne . He struck an advertising hoarding and somersaulted . Webber 's car landed on its nose and careered into the turn 12 run-off area at high speed and collided with a tyre barrier . Webber was unhurt . The large force of the accident broke his brake pedal . Kovalainen 's rear wing came right off , and he retired . Webber said he had minor cuts and bruises after his lap nine accident with Kovalainen . He said he was unsure about Kovalainen 's mindset and thought that the driver would allow him to get ahead . Nevertheless , he did not appropriation blame onto Kovalainen and said the difference between the braking capabilities of both cars caught him out by surprise . Webber later admitted that he misjudged how early Kovalainen would brake for the corner but felt the latter had moved more than once while defending the position . Kovalainen claimed that he had not done anything wrong and blamed Webber for causing the crash . Both drivers were transported to the circuit 's medical centre .
During the British Grand Prix , the team was renamed Team Lotus . Lotus brought their final update for 2010 as the team shifted its focus to the 2011 car . It also became known that Lotus were nearing a deal to use Renault engines for the 2011 Formula One season , because of the number of issues involving their transmission system with their car and the Cosworth CA2010 . The team also brought the final update to the T127 , shifting focus to the 2011 car .
At the German Grand Prix , Trulli suffered gearbox problems , where he could not select 2nd gear , and retired . Kovalainen also retired .
On 24 September 2010 , it was announced that Tony Fernandes ( Lotus Racing ) had acquired the name rights of Team Lotus from David Hunt , marking the official rebirth of Team Lotus in Formula One .
At the Singapore Grand Prix , Trulli drove to the pit lane and was pushed by his mechanics into the Lotus garage to retire with a hydraulic issue on lap 28 . Kovalainen and Buemi made contact in the final sector of the lap , with the latter spinning around in front of the Toro Rosso , who was quick to avoid a head-on collision . Kovalainen 's car suffered a cracked fuel tank pressure release valve and he limped back to the pit lane , the rear of his Lotus catching fire during the final few turns . Kovalainen aborted the pit entry , but did not make it much further than his car was consumed by the fire . Kovalainen stopped on the main straight and got out of his car to extinguish the fire himself after members of the Williams team handed him a fire extinguisher .
At Japan , Kovalainen had a strong race and was the first of the new teams to cross the line , his 12th position helping to consolidate Lotus ' tenth position in the championship , with Trulli in 13th . Kovalainen finished yet again ahead of the new teams in Korea , with 12th .
By the end of the season , even though they did not bring any more updates to the car after Britain , it was evident that Lotus was the clear faster of the three new teams . Even though they suffered a lot of hydraulic problems , their pace was faster than the Virgin Racing and Hispania Racing cars .
Livery
In the first four races , the drivers ' overalls were white . From the Spanish Grands Prix onwards , drivers ' overalls were green .
Complete Formula One results
( key ) ( results in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Driver failed to finish , but was classified as they had completed > 90 % of the total race distance .
References
External links
T127
`` Timeless '' is Zhang Liyin 's debut single , released on September 8 , 2006 in South Korea . The song is a remake of Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini 's duet , originally recorded in 2003 for the film From Justin to Kelly ; it has also been remade by Tina Arena and Kane Alexander in 2006 . A Chinese version of the single was released in 2007 in Taiwan .
Music videos
Timeless Music Videos
For her debut song `` Timeless '' , Zhang released two music videos with a single storyline . The music videos feature Super Junior members Han Geng and Siwon , as well as Lee Yeonhee . The music videos featured a hostage situation , in which the thief ( played by Siwon ) holds Lee Yeonhee captive . As the police arrive on the scene , a police officer ( Han Geng ) attempts to negotiate with Siwon . Siwon shows the hostage and points the gun at her . Han Geng pulls out his gun upon seeing her . Another police officer attempts to kill Siwon , but misses , resulting in Siwon shooting Han Geng . As Siwon makes an escape , he pulls Yeonhee 's necklace with him , but he puts it away , uninterested . The story then jumps to a year later , where Han Geng is taken off life support . He is listed as an organ donor . At the same time , Siwon suffers a heart attack . He is given Han Geng 's heart and survives . Whilst recovering , Siwon experiences flashbacks of Han Geng and Yeonhee , revealing to the viewers that Han Geng was Yeonhee 's boyfriend ; however , this confuses Siwon . He recognizes a store from his flashbacks and approaches it , seeing Yeonhee inside . Yeonhee helps him to sit while he experiences some heart pains . While Siwon wonders whether they 've met before , he notices a picture of Han Geng and Yeonhee . He then makes the realization that he killed Yeonhee 's boyfriend . He then goes through hospital documents and sees that Han Geng donated his heart to him , causing Siwon to realize why he 's been getting flashbacks . He goes through his stuff to find Yeonhee 's locket , showing a picture of Han Geng and her , after which he breaks down . He then goes to return the necklace . The story ends with Siwon begging for forgiveness on his knees while Yeonhee cries , clutching the necklace .
The actors received high critical praise for their performances . The story was broken down into two main parts . The first part focuses on Siwon 's recovery after the surgery , and his realization that he killed Han Geng and has his heart . The second part shows the hostage situation more clearly . Zhang and Xiah are featured in the second part of the music video .
Y ( Why ... )
The second music video released was for her second track `` Y ( Why ... ) '' on her debut single . This song is a remake of Jamelle Fraley 's song 'Powerless ' . This MV features only her , with straight hair and showcasing a more youthful image than in `` Timeless '' . A second version of this music video features a documentary of her training and backstage scenes of the Timeless promotional activities along with Xiah . Zhang has received a well response from fans as the MV shows her working hard to achieve her dream . This music video also shows clips of her playing the violin and her dancing skills .
Track listing
Korean version
Chinese version
Music program awards
External links
/ S.M . Entertainment official channel
/ S.M . Entertainment official channel
/ S.M . Entertainment official channel
/ S.M . Entertainment official channel
2006 singles
2000s ballads
Contemporary R & B ballads
Zhang Liyin songs
SM Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
Mandarin-language songs
The North Shropshire Chronicle is no longer printed . It was a local weekly newspaper covering northern Shropshire in England , including Wem , Whitchurch , Ellesmere and many surrounding villages .
The North Shropshire Chronicle had been an edition of the Shrewsbury Chronicle for many years but it did not have its own totally separate front and news pages until 1999 . It was printed on Wednesday evening and was on sale or distributed on Thursday .
See also
Shrewsbury Chronicle
Shropshire Star
Express & Star
Midland News Association
References
External links
northshropshirechronicle.com
Newspapers published in Shropshire
Mass media in Shropshire
The Central Arctic was an electoral district of the Northwest Territories , Canada , created in 1966 and abolished in 1983 . The district consisted of Pelly Bay , Spence Bay , Gjoa Haven , Cambridge Bay , Bathurst Inlet , Bay Chimo , Coppermine and Holman . For the 1983 election , Holman was moved to the Nunakput district and the others split between Kitikmeot West and Kitikmeot East . Today Holman , now Ulukhaktok , is the only one of the communities in the Northwest Territories as after division the others became part of Nunavut .
Members of the Legislative Assembly ( MLAs )
References
Former electoral districts of Northwest Territories
State Road 45 is an IB-class road in Kosovo , connecting Dolac with Morina .
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013 , the route wore the name M 9.1 .
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes .
Sections
See also
Roads in Kosovo
Roads in Serbia
Notes
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia ( Putevi Srbije )
Official website - Corridors of Serbia ( Koridori Srbije ) ( Serbian )
Roads in Kosovo
State roads in Serbia
`` The Personality of the Deity '' is a sermon written and delivered by Henry Ware Jr .
Background
Ware presented the sermon on September 23 , 1838 , in the chapel of Harvard University . He intended it as a response to Ralph Waldo Emerson 's Divinity School Address , delivered a few months earlier . Because of the wide circulation of Emerson 's address among non-Divinity students , Ware found it necessary , after a lengthy exchange of letters with Emerson , to present his response to the entire University community during the next term .
The sermon refuted some of Emerson 's pantheist ideas and reasserted , as the title suggests , the willful personality of God . The sermon is generally regarded as one of Ware 's best works and marks a turning point in the perceptions of true Unitarianism . Where it had previously been portrayed as liberal or even radical by the Trinitarians who had just fifty years before controlled the University , the departure of the Trinitarians and the rise of both transcendentalism and secular humanism now made Unitarianism the conservative position .
Although widely condemned by University faculty , Emerson 's address was very popular among students , many of whom , as Unitarian ministers , led their congregations towards Emerson 's ideology . Accordingly , Ware 's sermon never received the wide attention and study that Emerson 's address did .
References
External links
Henry Ware Jr . The Personality of the Deity Folson , Wells , and Thurston 1838
Memoir of the Life of Henry Ware Junior Boston : American Unitarian Association . 1880
Christian sermons
Harvard Divinity School
1838 in Massachusetts
1838 speeches
September 1838 events
Loyalties is a 1999 Canadian documentary film directed by Lesley Ann Patten about two women—one white , one black—who discover that they are related due to the legacy of slavery in the United States . In 1995 , Dr. Ruth Whitehead of the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History in Halifax met Black Canadian graduate student Carmelita Robertson , who happened to mention that her relatives came to Nova Scotia from South Carolina as Black Loyalists in the late 18th century . Whitehead , whose own family also came from South Carolina , realized that she recognized some of the names of Robertson 's ancestors , and together the two women journey to Charleston , South Carolina to explore their shared past . The film also exposes strains in the personal relationship between the two women , with Whitehead descended from wealthy slave owners , and Robertson the descendant of their slaves .
Loyalties are co-produced by the National Film Board of Canada and ZIJI Film & Television Productions .
Awards
In 1999 , Loyalties received the Canada Award from the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television and was named Best Social Issue
documentary at Hot Docs . The following year , it received the Golden Sheaf Award in the category of Best Multicultural/Race Relations documentary .
References
External links
1999 films
1999 documentary films
Documentary films about slavery in the United States
Canada Award-winning shows
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
Documentary films about women
Films set in Charleston , South Carolina
Black Loyalists
African-American history of South Carolina
1990s Canadian films
The Imperial City ( ; Chữ Hán : 皇城 ) is a walled enclosure within the citadel ( Kinh thành ; Chữ Hán : 京城 ) of the city of Huế , the former imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn dynasty . It contains the palaces that housed the imperial family , as well as shrines , gardens , and villas for mandarins . Constructed in 1803 under Emperor Gia Long as a new capital , it mostly served a ceremonial function during the French colonial period . After the end of the monarchy in 1945 , it suffered heavy damage and neglect during the Indochina Wars through the 1980s . The Imperial City was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1993 and is undergoing restoration .
History
Nguyễn dynasty
In June 1802 , after more than a century of division and the defeat of the Tây Sơn lords , Nguyễn Ánh ascended the throne of a unified Vietnam and proclaimed himself Emperor Gia Long . With a nation now stretching from the Red River Delta to the Mekong Delta , Emperor Gia Long moved the capital from the northern Thăng Long ( current Hanoi ) to Huế , the ancestral seat of the Nguyễn lords . Gia Long looked to `` Confucianism and Chinese models of statecraft '' as the best modes of authority , and with this ideology , he ordered the construction of a palace complex based on Beijing 's Forbidden City in Huế . Geomancers were consulted as to the propitious location site for the new city , and construction began in 1803 . Thousands of workers were ordered to build the walled citadel and ringing moat , measuring some long . The original earthwork was later reinforced and faced with brick and stone resulting in -thick ramparts .
The citadel was oriented to face the Hương River ( Perfume River ) to the southeast . This differs from Beijing 's Forbidden City in which faces true south . Rather than concentric rings centered on the Emperor 's palace , the imperial residence itself is offset toward the southeast side of the citadel , nearer the river . A second set of tall walls and a second moat were constructed around this Imperial City , within which many edifices were added in a series of gated courtyards , gardens , pavilions and palaces . The entire complex was the seat of power until the imposition of the French protectorate in the 1880s . Thereafter it existed mostly to carry on symbolic traditions until the Nguyễn dynasty was ousted in 1945 , with the Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam . The abdication ceremony of Emperor Bảo Đại took place at the Imperial City on 30 August 1945 .
Republican era
At its prime , the Purple Forbidden City had many buildings and hundreds of rooms . Once vacated it suffered from neglect , termite ravages , and inclement weather including a number of cyclones . Most destructive were man-made crises as evidenced in the bullet holes still visible from the military conflicts of the 20th century .
Major losses occurred in 1947 when the Việt Minh seized the Citadel in February . The French led counter-attack laid siege and the six-week ensuing battle destroyed many of the major structures . The core of the city including the Imperial Palace was burned .
The Citadel came under fire again in the early morning hours of January 31 , 1968 , as part of the Tet Offensive a Division-sized force of People 's Army of Vietnam and Viet Cong soldiers launched a coordinated attack on Huế seizing most of the city . During the initial phases of the Battle of Huế , due to Huế 's religious and cultural status , United States Army troops were ordered not to bomb or shell the city , for fear of destroying the historic structures ; but as casualties mounted in house-to-house fighting these restrictions were progressively lifted and the fighting caused substantial damage to the Imperial City . Viet Cong troops occupied some portions of the citadel while South Vietnamese troops occupied others ; and allied warplanes targeted the anti-aircraft guns the communists had mounted on the citadel 's outer towers Out of 160 buildings only 10 major sites remain after the battle , such as the Thái Hòa and Cần Thanh temples , Thế Miếu , and Hiển Lâm Các .
The city was made a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1993 as part of the Complex of Huế Monuments . The buildings that still remain are being restored and preserved . The latest , and so far largest , restoration project is planned to conclude in 2015 .
Layout
The grounds of the Imperial City are protected by fortified ramparts , and ringed by a moat . The water in the moat is routed from the Perfume River through a series of sluice gates . This enclosure is the citadel ( Kinh thành ) .
Inside the citadel is the Imperial City ( Hoàng thành ; 皇城 ) , with a perimeter wall some in length .
Within the Imperial City is the Purple Forbidden City ( Tử cấm thành ; 紫禁城 ) , a term identical to the Forbidden City in Beijing . Access to the innermost enclosure was restricted to the imperial family .
Imperial City gates
Cửa Đông Nam ( Southeast Gate ) , also called cửa Thượng Tứ
Cửa Chính Đông ( East Gate ) also called cửa Đông Ba
Cửa Đông Bắc ( Northeast Gate ) also called cửa Trài or cửa Mang Cá nhỏ
Cửa Chính Bắc ( North Gate ) , also known as cửa Hậu or cửa Mang Cá lớn
Cửa Tây ( West Gate )
Cửa Thể Nhân , popularly called cửa Ngăn
Purple Forbidden City main gates
Ngọ Môn ( 午門 ) ( south )
Cửa Hòa Bình ( 和平門 ) ( north )
Cửa Chương Đức ( 彰德門 ) ( west )
Cửa Hiển Nhơn ( 顯仁門 ) ( east )
Outer Court
Điện Thái Hòa ( 太和殿 )
Điện Phụng Tiên ( 奉先殿 )
Cung Trường Sanh ( 長生宮 )
Cung Diên Thọ ( 延壽宮 )
Temples and places of worship
Triệu Miếu ( 肇廟 )
Thái Miếu ( 太廟 )
Hưng Miếu ( 興廟 )
Thế Miếu ( 世廟 )
Điện Phụng Tiên ( 奉先殿 )
Hiển Lâm Các ( 顯臨閣 )
Inner Court
Đại Cung môn ( 大宮門 )
Tả vu ( 左廡 ) , Hữu vu ( 右廡 )
Điện Cần Chánh ( 勤政殿 )
Điện Võ Hiển ( 武顯殿 )
Điện Văn Minh ( 文明殿 )
Điện Trinh Minh ( 貞明殿 )
Điện Quang Minh ( 光明殿 )
Điện Càn Thành ( 乾成殿 )
Điện Khôn Thái ( 坤泰殿 )
Viện Thuận Huy ( 順徽院 )
Viện Dưỡng Tâm ( 養心院 )
Ngự Tiền Văn phòng ( 御前文房 )
Lục Viện ( 六院 )
Điện Minh Thận ( 明慎殿 )
Gardens
Vườn Ngự Uyển ( 紹芳園 )
Pavilions
Lầu Kiến Trung ( 建忠樓 )
Thái Bình Lâu ( 太平樓 )
Gallery
References
7 . Hue Imperial City
External links
Hue Forbidden City
The Noon Gate in Hue Imperial City
Tourist attractions in Huế
is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series authored by Yū Yabūchi , and published by Shogakukan . 8 volumes were released in Japan , the last on April 27 , 2012 . An OVA anime for the series was released on April 24 , 2008 . A second OVA episode was released in June , 2008 . The series received the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for children 's manga . It was published in French by Delcourt . Sentai Filmworks released the OVA in North America in January 2018 .
Plot
Naisho no Tsubomi tells the story of Tsubomi Tachibana , a fifth grader dealing with rather sensitive issues such as her mother 's pregnancy , her first period and the strange feelings she has started to get when around boys . When she first met Daiki , she tends to blush a lot when she is around him , she does not know what that feeling is at first , but further into the story she then discovers that she , in fact , has fallen in love with Daiki .
Each volume tells the story of a different girl , always with the given name of Tsubomi and similar appearance . In each case the story deals with various issues the girl experiences with early adolescence , including physical matters such as menstruation and breast development , personal issues such as the first crush , and more uncommon but dangerous issues such as the risk of predation ( this was not included in the anime ) . Each story also includes some source of candid advice and information to support the girl , such as the spirit of a future sibling ( volume 1 ) , an alien posing as a twin brother ( volume 2 ) , or even another self from a parallel universe ( volume 5 ) .
Main characters
A fifth grader who deals with sensitive issues while growing up . She is worried about the people around her and tries hard to help them when they are in need . This leads to her trying to handle issues such as her first menstruation alone . Although Tsubomi is a responsible and helpful girl , she is naive in a sense that she does not understand many things around her . She is happy about her mother 's pregnancy , as she is an only child and has always wanted a sibling .
She is troubled about a lot of things like the strange feelings that she has around Nemoto , the `` indecent things '' that her parents have done to make a baby , and her feelings towards Saya when she gets close to Nemoto . Tsubomi is shown to have feelings for Nemoto but does not quite know it herself at first . She later confesses to Nemoto , and the two become a couple .
A beautiful new transfer student in Tsubomi 's school and class . She knows many things and is a friendly character . She gets along with Tsubomi from the beginning of the story and acts like a sister to her by helping her with her problems . Not only she helps Tsubomi , she even helps Daiki . She seems more mature than other children of the same age .
He is friend of Futoshi and You . He calms Tsubomi down when she is going to see her mother and gives her a toy duck which she to attaches to her bag . He is nice and popular with girls , including those who are older than himself . He starts to have feelings for Tsubomi , and realizes them after they secretly see Yae and Yō kissing . Later in the series , Tsubomi confesses to Nemoto . He returns those feelings with his own , and the two become a couple .
Nicknamed `` Yae-chin by her two best friends , Yamabuki Yae is tall , slim and calm . She is one of Tsubomi 's best friends along with Rea-Pi . She is troubled by buying bras and her flat chest . She likes Saegusa and starts going out with him in chapter 5 , and they kiss in chapter 9 .
She is small , hyperactive and very curious , mostly about perverted things . She is one of Tsubomi 's best friends , along with Yae-chin , and Futoshi 's childhood friend . She is teased by Futoshi about her body and weight frequently , which makes her want to be slim and beautiful , as her current body shape appears to be curvier than she would like . Her friend 's nickname for her is `` Rea-Pi '' .
He is quiet , very popular and considered `` the class idol '' . He has an older sister that helps Yae with her problems . He likes Yae and becomes her boyfriend in chapter 5 , but they keep it a secret because many girls would be jealous .
He is Yō and Daiki 's friend , as well as Rae 's childhood friend . He is perverted and often talks about big breasts . He takes apparent pleasure out of teasing Rea about her body shape and weight , though he actually likes her .
OVA episode list
Reception
On manga-news.com , the staff gave it a grade of 14.63 out of 20 .
References
External links
2008 anime OVAs
Anime series based on manga
Romance anime and manga
Sentai Filmworks
Shogakukan manga
Shōjo manga
Slice of life anime and manga
Studio Signpost
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for children 's manga
Tito Castillo ( 20 July 1914 – 14 January 2000 ) was a Salvadoran sports shooter . He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1914 births
2000 deaths
Salvadoran male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of El Salvador
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Santa Tecla , El Salvador
Events from the year 1846 in France .
Incumbents
Monarch – Louis Philippe I
Events
1 August - Legislative election held for the seventh legislature of the July Monarchy .
19 September - Our Lady of La Salette apparition .
Dubonnet first sold .
Births
1 January - Léon Denis , spiritist philosopher and researcher ( died 1927 )
4 April - Comte de Lautréamont , poet ( died 1870 )
8 May - Émile Gallé , artist ( died 1904 )
21 May - Luc-Olivier Merson , painter and illustrator ( died 1920 )
11 July - Léon Bloy , novelist , essayist , pamphleteer and poet ( died 1917 )
21 August - Étienne Bazeries , military cryptanalyst ( died 1931 )
2 September - Paul Déroulède , author and politician ( died 1914 )
24 October - Denis Jean Achille Luchaire , historian ( died 1908 )
28 October - Albert Dubois-Pillet , painter and army officer ( died 1890 )
28 October - Auguste Escoffier , chef , restaurateur and culinary writer ( died 1935 )
30 October - Victor , 5th duc de Broglie , aristocrat ( died 1906 )
Full date unknown
Arsène Darmesteter , philologist ( died 1888 )
Deaths
17 June - Jean-Gaspard Deburau , actor and mime ( born 1796 )
25 July - Louis Bonaparte , brother of Napoleon I of France ( born 1778 )
16 August - Sylvain Charles Valée , Marshal of France ( born 1773 )
22 December - Jean Baptiste Bory de Saint-Vincent , naturalist ( born 1778 )
Full date unknown
Thérèse Albert , actress ( b. c. 1805 )
Jacques-Antoine-Adrien Delort , general and deputy ( born 1773 )
Ambroise-Louis-Marie d'Hozier , last of the juges d'armes of France ( born 1764 )
Joseph Balthasar , Comte Siméon , politician ( born 1781 )
References
1840s in France
A mop ( such as a floor mop ) is a mass or bundle of coarse strings or yarn , etc. , or a piece of cloth , sponge or other absorbent material , attached to a pole or stick . It is used to soak up liquid , for cleaning floors and other surfaces , to mop up dust , or for other cleaning purposes .
History
The word ( then spelled mappe ) is attested in English as early as 1496 , but new refinements and variations of mop designs have been introduced , from time to time . For example , American inventor Jacob Howe received US patent # 241 for a mop holder in 1837 and Thomas W. Stewart ( US patent # 499,402 ) in 1893 .
In her book Maggie 's Memories Margaret Wadkin ( late of Hickling , near Melton Mowbray in England ) describes the use of a mop nail for constructing homemade mops from old pieces of cloth during her village childhood in the early 20th century ;
Types
Many different proprietary designs are available , but the classic string mop design is also still widely used .
Dry mop , dust mop
A dry mop or dust mop is designed to pick up dry , loose contamination such as dust , earth , and sand from the surface of the floor . It consists of yarn and/or microfiber and can be used as a first step in cleaning a floor .
Professional dry mops consist of a flat sheet of microfiber textile or sheets with a surface of looped yarn , usually about wide , and comes in variable lengths ( usually ) .
The dry mop can in many instances replace a broom and has the ability to hold a limited amount of dust or sand within itself . The heads of dry mops are often removable and can be washed and replaced when saturated with dust . Another option is using a vacuum cleaner to suck surface dust away from the mop ; however , this is much more limited in its effectiveness .
Single-use dry mops are also available and widely sold .
Wet-mop , moist-mop
A wet mop or moist mop is , in professional cleaning , used as in the second step in the cleaning of a surface . The wet mop is swept over the surface to dissolve and absorb fat , mud , and dried-on liquid contaminations . Professional wet mops consist of a flat sheet of microfiber textile or a sheet with a surface of looped yarn ( which might contain microfiber as well ) , usually about wide , and come in various lengths ( usually ) .
Mops for pre-moistening
Professional flat mops are made for pre-moistening . Mops are pre-impregnated with an ideal amount of water mixed with an appropriate amount of detergent . This means that the cleaner does not need to bring any additional water on the cleaning trolley . This ideal amount is often recommended by the manufacturer in terms of weight percentage of water per weight of the dry mop , for example `` 175 % water per weight of the dry mop '' .
Mops for pre-moistening are flat sheets of ( often microfiber ) textile , usually about wide , and come in variable lengths ( usually ) . Mops for pre-moistening are fastened on a handle with a flat pad mount with the aid of Velcro or a pouch on the mop , in which the pad on the handle fits .
Pre-moistening can be done with a special washing machine , or by hand by simply folding and packing the mops tight in a container and pouring the measured amount of water over them . The mops will then need about 5–10 minutes for the liquid to distribute evenly in their tissue before use . This offers some advantages :
The cleaner does not have to bring a heavy bucket of water when mopping the floor , but simply carries an appropriate number of mops . This means the weight of the equipment can often be kept lower .
The risk of over-wetting the floor and leave puddles is reduced .
Hot mop
The hot mop ( or steam mop ) follows a similar concept to a steam iron . After adding water , the water is heated to make it exude on top of a floor , which can then be cleaned without using a cleaning solvent . These can work best on surfaces where a regular mop would also be used , such as bare floors , hearths , and laminate .
Microfiber mop
Microfiber mops are constructed of a blend of polyester and polyamide fibers which are `` split '' and formed into a single fiber . This blend consists of 70–90 % polyester that serves as the scrubbing and cleaning fiber and 10–30 % polyamide which performs as the holding and quick drying fiber . This blend is usually expressed as a ratio on the label of the mop , e.g . an 80 % polyester and 20 % polyamide blend would be labeled as `` 80/20 '' .
Sponge mop
Sponge mop heads are constructed with a cellulosic , rubber , or plastic foam block , usually attached by crimping a metal clip on one side . Sometimes , the foam mop head may be covered by a cloth or mesh sheet , to improve its resistance to wear from heavy scrubbing .
The sponge is then attached to a handle mechanism which can compress the mop head , by means of rollers or a pivoted flat perforated blade . For consumer-grade sponge mops , the mop mechanism may be made of either plastic or metal . For heavy-duty or professional use , the mechanism is usually made of a corrosion-resistant metal such as stainless steel , and the mop head is often rubber or premium plastic foam .
For clean room environments , a stainless steel handle and mechanism are preferred , along with a mop head made of a foam which has been formulated to minimize shedding of small particles . For use in microbiological labs , mops are made of materials which can be sterilized by autoclave or by ethylene oxide treatment .
Cloth mop
A cloth mop ( also called a `` Cuban mop '' ) is a simple T-shaped wooden handle , around which is wrapped a sturdy cloth towel . Its advantages are low cost and easy replacement of the mop head , which can simply be washed by hand or tossed into a washing machine .
Handles and mounting
A mop handle consists of a long piece of wood or metal tubing fitted with a specific attachment for the mop head . The handle can be attached the mop head by means of :
clamp
hanger ( with strands doubled over the hanger )
plastic claws ( attached to the strands )
pouch ( as with many professional flat mops )
screwing ( as with the classic yarn mop )
Velcro ( as with many professional flat mops )
Gallery
See also
Floor buffer
Floor scrubber
Mop dog
References
External links
Cleaning tools
Domestic implements
Lobster Trap and Fish Tail , a mobile by American artist Alexander Calder , is located at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City , New York , United States . It is one of Calder 's earliest hanging mobiles and `` the first to reveal the basic characteristics of the genre that launched his enormous international reputation and popularity . ''
History
The sculpture was commissioned by the Advisory Committee for the stairwell of the museum when the new building opened in 1939 . Fabricated in Roxbury , Connecticut , the painted steel wire and sheet aluminum sculpture is 8 ' 6 '' ( 260 cm ) x 9 ' 6 '' ( 290 cm ) in diameter . The sculpture suggests the movement of underwater life .
Calder became a leading exponent of kinetic art , combining his engineering training with his studies of art in New York and Paris . According to a review in the New York Sun , `` There , he became enthralled with the biomorphic surrealism of Joan Miró as well as the powerful choreography of modern dance pioneer Martha Graham . '' After experimenting with motorized sculptures , Calder began creating works that moved and floated when touched or exposed to air currents . Calder composed motion with works like Lobster Trap and Fish Tail , `` harnessing the performative potential of the mechanical sciences . ''
See also
Other works by Calder
Mercury Fountain
Flamingo
Mountains and Clouds
References
External links
Lobster Trap and Fish Tail via Museum of Modern Art
Sculptures by Alexander Calder
Animals in art
1939 sculptures
Aluminum sculptures in New York City
Steel sculptures in New York City
Parliamentary elections were held in Guatemala on 16 December 1959 , in order to elect half the seats in Congress . Voter turnout was just 44.91 % .
Results
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer . Francisco . Biografía política de Guatemala : años de guerra y años de paz . FLACSO-Guatemala . 2004 .
Political handbook of the world 1959 . New York . 1960 .
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1959 in Guatemala
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Zara Alvarez ( 25 March 1981 – 17 August 2020 ) was a Filipina human rights advocate , educator , paralegal , and prominent social activist who predominantly campaigned against human rights violations during the administration of Rodrigo Duterte . She was well known for her active campaign to protect human rights in the Philippines , which became a matter of concern during the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte . During her career as a human rights activist , she was often a prime target of political mafia and reported to have received numerous death threats due to her active campaigns against human rights violations . On 17 August 2020 , she was assassinated by unknown gunmen . According to human rights groups , her murder suggested a serious major crackdown against human rights activists and civilians in the Philippines .
Career
Alvarez , a single mother , was actively involved in social activism and served as a paralegal staffer helping to spotlight cases regarding human rights violations on Negros Island to the United Nations Human Rights Council . She also worked as a volunteer for the human rights organisation Karapatan where she served as the education director and also associated closely with the Negros Island Health Integrated Program as an advocacy officer .
In 2018 , she was purposely included in an official terror list among 600 individuals by the Duterte administration to silence her . She was detained by the Philippine National Police for nearly two years until 2020 .
In a manifestation filed with the Supreme Court of the Philippines on September 1 , 2020 , Karapatan said Alvarez was supposed to be a witness on the red-tagging and harassment of human rights workers .
Murder
On 17 August 2020 , at around 8 pm , she was reportedly shot several times by unidentified gunmen along the Sta . Maria Street in Eroreco , Barangay Mandalagan , Bacolod City . She was apparently targeted by gunmen while she was heading home after buying dinner .
She was killed on the day of the funeral of peace activist Randall Echanis , who was assassinated on 10 August 2020 . She was the 13th member of Karapatan to be murdered since Rodrigo Duterte came to power in 2016 .
Reactions
International rights group International Coalition for Human Rights condemned and denounced the killing of the activist and , in an official statement , it stated that Alvarez was a brave figure and staunch defender of farmers and Filipino rights .
Her murder sparked hot debate in the international community criticizing the newly passed Anti-Terrorism Act of 2020 ( Republic Act No . 11479 ) , a measure giving the government more powers to act against persons or groups falling under what critics say is a dangerous and vague definition of terrorism .
In light of Alvarez 's murder , the House of Representatives requested the Supreme Court to make it easier for rights activists such as Alvarez to seek protection under the writ of amparo . The Supreme Court administrator said the court will review guidelines for the writ .
See also
Negros Island killings
Red-tagging in the Philippines
References
1981 births
2020 deaths
Assassinated Filipino people
Assassinated activists
Filipino human rights activists
Place of birth missing
Route 17 is a primary north–south state route beginning in New Haven , through Middletown , and ending in Glastonbury , with a length of .
Route description
Route 17 officially begins about west of its interchange with Interstate 91 ( at Exit 8 ) . Route 80 begins at the interchange and continues eastward while Route 17 turns northward . Route 17 is a 4-lane principal arterial road , becoming 2 lanes as it passes through North Haven , Northford ( where it briefly overlaps with Route 22 ) , and Durham . In Middletown it becomes a 4-lane freeway for leading to an interchange with the Route 9 freeway . Route 17 duplexes with Route 9 for about on a surface road from Exit 13 to Exit 16 , where Route 17 exits and shortly thereafter begins a concurrency with Route 66 as it crosses the Connecticut River from Middletown into Portland . on the Arrigoni Bridge . Just after the bridge , it spawns a alternate , Route 17A , which leads to the center of town . Routes 17 and 66 become a 4 lane principal arterial for the rest of the concurrency , where Route 17 turns north and becomes a secondary 2-lane arterial . After meeting the northern end of Route 17A , it enters Glastonbury , passing through the South Glastonbury Historic District and gradually becoming more suburban . The last of Route 17 is a freeway , which ultimately merges into Route 2 West at Exit 7 .
The southern surface road section from New Haven to Middletown is also known as George Washington Memorial Highway . The freeway section from South Main Street to Route 9 in Middletown is known as the Catholic War Veterans Memorial Highway . A section in Durham , from the junction with Route 77 to just north of the junction with Route 68 , is a designated state scenic road .
History
The road between New Haven and Middletown via Durham was one of the routes used by the Boston Post Road in colonial times . In 1813 , the road became a private turnpike known as the Middletown , Durham and New Haven Turnpike . The turnpike corporation was dissolved in the late 19th century . By 1922 , Connecticut had numbered roads that were maintained by the state , which included all of modern Route 17 . The roads were designated as Highway 114 from New Haven to Durham ; part of Highway 112 from Durham to Middletown ; and Highway 104 from Middletown to Glastonbury .
In the 1932 state highway renumbering , the road from New Haven to Glastonbury became part of the newly established Route 15 . At that time , Route 15 used all of modern Route 17 , then continued north along Main Street in East Hartford , then northeast via modern Route 30 , Route 190 , and Route 171 to the Massachusetts state line . In 1948 , the Route 15 designation was reassigned to the Merritt Parkway , Wilbur Cross Parkway , Berlin Turnpike , and Wilbur Cross Highway . The old Route 15 south of Glastonbury was renumbered to Route 17 .
Junction list
Exit numbers are currently unnumbered , but will receive mile-based exit numbers starting in 2021 as part of ongoing sign replacement projects .
Route 17A
Route 17A is an alternate route running for from Route 17 and 66 , through Portland center , and back to Route 17 . It serves as the Main Street of the town . The original Route 17 ( then Route 15 ) used the 17A alignment . The main route bypassed the town center by 1940 and Main Street became Route 15A . When Route 15 was relocated and the route through Portland became Route 17 , Route 15A was also renumbered to 17A .
See also
References
External links
017
Transportation in New Haven County , Connecticut
Transportation in Middlesex County , Connecticut
Transportation in Hartford County , Connecticut
Kılavuzlar can refer to :
Kılavuzlar , Karabük
Kılavuzlar , Karamanlı
Newtown is an unincorporated community in Greene County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Uvarovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 3 as of 2002 .
Geography
Uvarovskaya is located 77 km northwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Zharovsky Pogost is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
KCSM may refer to :
KCSM ( FM ) , a radio station ( 91.1 FM ) licensed to San Mateo , California , United States
KPJK , a television station ( channel 43 ) licensed to San Mateo , California , United States , which used the call sign KCSM-TV from 1964 to 2018
Kansas City Southern de México , formerly Grupo Transportación Ferroviaria Mexicana , a Mexican railroad subsidiary of Kansas City Southern
Neotogaria thomaswitti is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Gyula M. László , Gábor Ronkay and László Aladár Ronkay in 2007 . It is found in Thailand .
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
f6 ( ) is a German cigarette brand owned by Philip Morris International and produced by the f6 Cigarettenfabrik Dresden GmbH .
History
F6 was launched in East Germany in 1959 by the VEB Dresdner Zigarettenfabriken and was produced there until 1990 . After German reunification , and based on experience from the East German Cabinet brand that was purchased by Reemtsma , and their marketing towards West German consumer needs which led to a fall of market share from 30 % to 12 % in East Germany , the marketing of f6 emphasises its East German origin with familiar packaging and appropriate slogans .
F6 had an 18 % market share in the East German cigarette market , and a 3.5 % market share in the reunified-German cigarette market ( in the 8th place ) . To that point the manufacturers ' pricing also played a role , with the brand being priced below the market average . The brand was awarded a Golden Effie , the most important award in the German marketing industry for its marketing and brand communication . With the F6 Music Awards , the brand hoped to strengthen its East German image by explicitly promoting music from the region .
F6 cigarettes are manufactured in a listed building , the Zigarettenfabrik Jasmatzi , in the Striesen district of Dresden .
A pack of F6 cigarettes cost 3,20 Deutsche Mark in East Germany .
At the end of 2012 , the cigarettes were taken off the market except for the `` F6 Original '' brand and replaced by the Chesterfield brand .
In March 2018 , the price of a pack of F6 cigarettes in Germany was raised .
Trivia
The name `` f6 '' stands for `` Filterzigarette der 60er Jahre '' which translates to filter cigarette of the 60s . The claim that the name comes from a former production site at Yenidze , being close to the Fernverkehrsstraße 6 in East Germany ( F6 for short ) , is not true .
Products
f6 ( nicotine : 0.8 mg ; tar : 10 mg ; carbon monoxide : 9 mg )
f6 silver ( nicotine : 0.3 mg ; tar 3 mg ; carbon monoxide : 4 mg ) ( no longer produced )
f6 blue ( nicotine : 0.5 mg ; tar : 6 mg ; carbon monoxide : 7 mg ) ( now Chesterfield Blue )
f6 Fine Flavor ( formerly f6 Light ) ( nicotine : 0.8 mg ; tar 7 mg ; carbon monoxide : 8 mg ) ( no longer produced )
f6 International Blend ( nicotine : 0.8 mg ; tar : 10 mg ; carbon monoxide : 10 mg ) ( no longer produced )
f6 Full Flavor ( formerly f6 red or f6 sun ) ( nicotine : 0.8 mg ; tar : 10 mg ; carbon monoxide : 10 mg ) ( now Chesterfield Red )
f6 Menthol ( nicotine : 1.0 mg ; tar : 12 mg ; carbon monoxide 9 mg ) ( no longer produced )
f6 Menthol Fresh ( nicotine : 0.5 mg ; tar : 6 mg ; carbon monoxide : 7 mg ) ( now Chesterfield Menthol )
f6 Quick Sticks Fine Flavor ( Long pre-made tubes , intended to be quickly inserted into a cigarette tube and then cut with scissors . )
f6 Zigarettentabak ( rolling tobacco 120 g )
f6 Zigarettentabak ( rolling tobacco 30 g )
f6 Zigarillos ( cigarillos )
f6 Tobacco Block ( compressed tobacco block , in a box that is inserted into a specialized cigarette injector . )
See also
Tobacco smoking
References
Philip Morris brands
Products introduced in 1959
Serhiy Oleksandrovych Perepadenko ( ; ; born 26 May 1972 ) is a former Ukrainian professional footballer .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Torpedo Zaporizhia .
Personal life
He is the younger brother of Gennadiy Perepadenko .
Honours
Soviet Top League runner-up : 1991 .
Soviet Cup winner : 1992 .
Russian Premier League runner-up : 1995 .
Russian Premier League bronze : 1994 .
References
1972 births
Footballers from Zaporizhzhia
Living people
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Mount Karpinskiy ( ) is an isolated mountain about south of Zhelannaya Mountain in the Russkiye Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . It was observed and mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1959 , and named for geologist A.P . Karpinskiy , President of the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R .
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
`` Not What He Seems '' is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American animated television series Gravity Falls , created by Alex Hirsch . The episode was written by Shion Takeuchi , Josh Weinstein , Jeff Rowe , Matt Chapman , and Hirsch , and directed by Stephen Sandoval . In this episode , Dipper and Mabel begin to question who Stan really is after officers arrest him for stealing chemical waste . The episode , which breaks the show 's status quo by introducing Stan 's long-lost twin brother , ends with a cliffhanger to the second half of the season .
`` Not What He Seems '' was first broadcast on March 9 , 2015 on Disney XD , and was watched by 1.58 million households in the United States . It was the biggest broadcast ever for Gravity Falls during its run on Disney XD until the following episode , `` A Tale of Two Stans '' , beat that record four months later .
Plot
Background
While Dipper and Mabel Pines are spending their summer in the town of Gravity Falls , their great uncle Stan has been working on an unknown machine in his basement underneath the Mystery Shack , trying to make it work without them knowing about his doings .
Events
In his laboratory under the Mystery Shack , Stan rigs drums of chemical waste to power the machine . He sets a timer for eighteen hours , when the machine will activate . Gravity anomalies occur in the meantime as a result of it . The next day , as Stan plays with Dipper and Mabel outside the shack , law enforcement officers arrest Stan for stealing chemical waste the night before . When child services take hold of Dipper and Mabel , the twins decide to clear Stan 's name using footage from the shack 's security camera of the night before . They break out of the car and head back to the shack . The tapes , however , prove his crime , and Dipper finds a box of fake identity documents and clippings from newspapers reporting Stan 's death . In the box , Dipper finds a password on a slip of paper ; Mabel identifies this as a button combination for the shack 's vending machine .
In an interrogation room with Agent Powers , Stan asks for a phone call . He uses this to call Soos , the handyman of the Mystery Shack , instructing him to guard the vending machine . Stan escapes from the room after another anomaly and misdirects the agents to chase after a taxi , running the other direction to the shack . Meanwhile , Dipper and Mabel go to the vending machine , which Soos guards . They fight , but Dipper inputs the password , revealing the entrance to Stan 's lab . Inside , Dipper is in disbelief that Stan had been hiding the first two journals from him . He puts the three journals together , forming the blueprints to Stan 's machine . Under a black light , a secret message reads that , once the machine activates , the entire universe could be torn apart .
Dipper decides to override the machine , but not before Stan comes in to stop him . Another anomaly occurs , causing everyone to levitate . Mabel makes it to the abort lever as yet another anomaly occurs . Forced to decide between trusting Stan and stopping the machine , Mabel tearfully sides with Stan , enabling the activation of the machine and engulfing everything in a flash of light . When the anomaly ends , Dipper , Mabel , Stan , and Soos are unharmed . A man comes through the machine 's portal , putting a six-fingered hand on the first journal and revealing himself to be the author . Stan introduces the man as his brother . Dipper and Mabel are petrified by shock , and Mabel asks if someone should faint , which Soos dutifully does .
During the closing credits , a flashback shows Stan and his brother as children from the back , swinging silently on a swing set as they look out to the ocean .
Production and themes
`` Not What He Seems '' is the eleventh episode of the second season of Gravity Falls , created by Alex Hirsch . He wrote it with Matthew Chapman , Jeff Rowe , Shion Takeuchi , and Josh Weinstein . It is the second episode to be directed by Stephen Sandoval . The final sequence revealing Ford was animated in-house by storyboard artist Dana Terrace , with Matt Braly providing key animation .
The episode , which halves the second season , ends with a cliffhanger to the second half of the season . The writers did this so a hiatus would fit and they could write the episode sooner . According to Hirsch , half the fandom of Gravity Falls had guessed Stan had a brother—revealed in the episode as the author of the three journals Dipper , Stan , and Gideon own—before the episode aired . In particular , fans wrote `` Zapruder film '' -level exposés in the form of `` PowerPoint presentations , flow charts , timelines '' , rare for a Disney Channel show . Hirsch had the character in his pitch of the show to the network , with the writers placing clues of his existence from the first episode . Still , he and the writers took this element as a risk , and Hirsch said that the ending would be shocking to some . They found it necessary in the end to keep the characters interesting and break the status quo . Calling Gravity Falls about characters `` first and foremost '' , Hirsch said that would be Mabel forgiving of Stan , while Dipper would be unforgiving of both Stan and himself , for the rest of the season . With Dipper , Hirsch described Stan being a con as `` a huge blow to his ego , a huge betrayal , and I think it will leave him feeling isolated from his family in a way he has n't been before '' .
The episode guest stars Nick Offerman as Agent Powers ; he had previously appeared in the season opener `` Scary-oke '' and the episode `` Northwest Mansion Mystery '' . Hirsch described this character , in addition to Agent Trigger , as plot devices to divide the protagonists and have them face their allegiances to one another .
Broadcast and reception
On its original airdate , 2.06 million people ( and 1.02 million on the Internet ) viewed `` Not What He Seems '' , the most received by any series broadcast on Disney XD .
Alasdair Wilkins of The A.V . Club awarded the episode an `` A '' for expertly dealing with the relationships among Stan , Dipper , and Mabel . He applauded the way the show was able to combine the more `` cerebral '' elements of the plot into `` the more general hurt that Dipper feels when he realizes just how much Stan has been lying to him and his sister . '' Alasdair also felt that the warm color scheme of the animation was complementary to the melancholy of the episode , and that the gravity anomaly scenes `` represent the show at its most technically ambitious '' . Finally , he wrote that the blend of comedy and drama made it an `` instant classic '' .
International airdates
May 17 , 2015 : Switzerland
October 4 , 2015 : Germany & Austria
References
2015 American television episodes
Gravity Falls episodes
Fretherne Court was a handsome residential sporting mansion with picturesque grounds and deer park estate of some 676 acres , situated in the Severn Vale between the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal and the River Severn , in Fretherne , Gloucestershire . It was owned by the Darell family who were Baronets of Richmond Hill .
It was built in around 1864 by Sir Edward Tierney ( Tierney baronets ) who also enlarged Fretherne church from one aisle to three .
A good description of Sir Edwards renovations can be read in Sir Lionel E. H. M. Darell 's memoirs - written about 1950 :
`` My grandfather - Rev . Sir Lionel William Darell , 4th Baronet ( 1817–1883 ) - had come from Richmond Hill , London to a little village of Fretherne , the living being presented to him by Sir Edward Tierney . Sir Edward completely transmogrofied the humble little refectory of Fretherne , building on to it many extra reception rooms , a ballroom , billiard room , water towers and halls , and last but no means least , a charming little chapel just inside the front entrance hall . Our airey nurseries were on the second floor , but in those days there was no electric light , central heating , or bathroom of any description . The Kitchens were large , designed after the big kitchen at Christ Church , Oxford , but the food had to be brought up many passages '' .
The Darell Arms
Sir William Lionel Darell even built a pub in the village and named it after the family ! The Darell Arms , it replaced the Passage House Inn , which stood on the same site . The Darell Arms was constructed in mock Tudor style with two ornate gabled ends . The Darell Arms closed c.1990 and is now a private residence .
Auctioned off
The court was sold off in 26 parcels or lots in an auction by Bruton Knowles at the Bell Hotel Gloucester on Saturday 6 September 1919 , when Sir Lionel Edward Darell ( 5th Baronet ) 1845–1919 died , by his son Sir Lionel Edward Hamilton Marmaduke Darell 1876–1954 ( 6th Baronet - who called himself 'Ratcatcher Baronet ' in his privately published biography ) .
From his biography Lionel describes why he had to sell Fretherne Court : -
`` ... And so we return to my poor father who died in February 1919 beloved by all , and I succeeded him . It was soon very evident after reading his will and consultation with the family lawyer , that my old home would have to go - there was no question about it . The estate had to be split up amongst the seven surviving children , with of course provisions for my mother , so I at once settled to sell Fretherne Court Estate , which had been in my family for say some ninety years . or so , my grandfather having come there as a squarson ( squire clergyman ) from Richmond . It was very sad , but Fretherne Court had no modern requirements , no central heating , and they said we used to burn a ton of coal a day there - fancy the price now , and of course you could not have got it - no electricity , although my uncle had advocated this so many years before , the kitchens about a quarter of a mile , or so to speak , from the dining rooms water supply very indifferent , only one or two bathrooms , and the drainage system - well , I finish with this ... ''
The mansion was described in the auction literature as of hansome elevation , facing south and east and commanding fine views over the Severn , approached by a carriage Drive , through well-timbered grounds with picturesque lodge entrance , delightful pleasure grounds of terrace formation . A fine walled kitchen garden with glass houses excellent stabling for 16 horses , garage for 5 cars .
This was some house , what a shame we have lost it - The auction literature goes on to describe every room in detail , e.g . the entrance hall fitted with two fireplaces having old carved overmantels , with small chapel adjoining , in all 50 feet by 14 feet .
Demolished
The mansion was eventually demolished in the mid-1920s , and much of the high-quality materials was sold to local builders for renovations to local buildings .
See also
The Darell baronets from Richmond Hill
References
Primary sources
Sir Lionel Edward Hamilton Marmaduke Darell , 6th Baronet ( 1876–1954 ) . His biography titled - Ratcatcher Baronet : The Memoirs of Schoolboy , Soldier , Sportsman and County Councillor during Five Reigns - 1951 . ( with a foreword by The Right Reverend The Lord Bishop of Gloucester ) - privately printed .
External links
The Sale of Fretherne Court Estate
Lost Country Houses
The old rectory was demolished around 1850 to make way for Fretherne Court
Deeds relating to conveyance of Estate from Sir Lionel 1795
The Darell Arms
Houses completed in 1864
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Country houses in Gloucestershire
1864 establishments in England
1920s disestablishments in England
Davutoğlan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Süleler , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
is a one-act opérette-bouffe with music by Jacques Offenbach and a libretto by Philippe Gille , which was premiered at the Bouffes-Parisiens Salle Choiseul , on 16 May 1857 .
Background
The work was the first collaboration between Philippe Gille and Offenbach , and the start of a friendship between them which endured until the death of the latter . It also marked the first appearance with Offenbach of the singer-actor Désiré , who went on to create many roles in the composer 's works .
Vent du soir was a success , and was revived in Paris and also performed in Brussels and Vienna . A production in Swedish was presented in 2003 in Stockholm by Teater travers , and in Florence , Italy in November 2016 .
Roles
Synopsis
On an Oceanic island , Vent-du-soir receives a visit from a neighbouring chief Lapin-courageux . Both men get on very well , as they had eaten the other 's wife . Vent-du-soir puts on a good spread for his guest .
Atala , daughter of Vent-du-soir , meanwhile , has fallen in love with the ship-wrecked stranger Arthur , a hair-dresser of the rue Vivienne .
As the day 's hunt was fruitless , Vent-du-soir decides that he will have to sacrifice Arthur , but when they are at table , Lapin-courageux realizes that they have eaten his lost son , as he can hear the musical watch he gave his son ringing in his stomach .
Luckily the diners learn that in fact they have been served a bear , in whose skin Arthur had been hiding . All ends happily and Atala and Arthur are able to marry .
Musical numbers
Ouverture ( representing a storm )
Couplets ( Atala ) `` Petit bébé ''
Couplets et duetto ( Arthur , Atala ) `` Mon front n ' a pas ''
Trio ( Atala , Arthur , Vent du soir ) `` Grands dieux ! ''
Trio ( Atala , Lapin-courageux , Vent-du-soir ) `` Gloire aux Papas-Toutous ''
Trio ( Atala , Lapin-courageux , Vent-du-soir ) and chanson nègre ( Lapin-courageux ) `` Ô fête incomplète ''
Duo , trio et quatuor ( Vent-du-soir , Lapin-courageux ; Atala , Arthur ) `` Ciel ! Ciel ! Ciel ! ''
Final ( all ) `` Que mon sort est doux ''
References
Operas by Jacques Offenbach
French-language operas
Operas
1857 operas
Cannibalism in fiction
Provan Gas Works is an industrial gas holding plant in the city of Glasgow , Scotland . The plant lies between the Blackhill , Blochairn , Germiston and Provanmill areas of the city , and was built by Glasgow Corporation between 1900 and 1904 . It later became part of British Gas , and subsequently Transco and most recently Scotia Gas Networks ( a subsidiary of Scottish and Southern Energy ) who operate it today .
Originally the plant was a gasworks , manufacturing town gas via the cooking of coal . The plant was expanded after 1919 . Following nationalisation of the gas supply in 1948 , the plant passed to the Scottish Gas Board , and then to British Gas in 1973 . In 1972 , supplies of inexpensive natural gas from North Sea oilfields became available . The gasworks was downsized significantly in the 1980s in response to changing economic conditions arising as the British gas industry was privatised under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . Today the plant is largely unmanned , used solely for gas storage and distribution .
The plant has become significant for its two massive column-guided gasometers and an additional spiral-guided gasometer , which have become an iconic industrial landmark in Glasgow 's East End . Among the largest of their kind in the UK , each of the towers can hold of gas , and is in diameter . Their combined storage capacity is – each enough to supply a city the size of York for an entire day .
Since the construction of the M8 and M80 motorways in the 1970s and 1980s , which run directly next to the plant , the twin gasholders have become an unofficial portal into the city 's central area for drivers from Edinburgh and the north . The towers have also gained an affectionate following among locals since they are often used to display huge placards showcasing the various promotional slogans for the city , the most memorable being the `` Glasgow 's Miles Better '' and `` Everyone 's Glasgowing On '' campaigns .
The future of the plant is under discussion : Glasgow City Council have proposed plans for decontaminating the unused land on the brownfield site and redeveloping it for commercial use . In 2012 , Scotia Gas Networks announced that the twin column-guided and single spiral-guided gasometers were to be decommissioned , with no decision made on their future . The twin column-guided gasholders were protected as Category B listed structures in 2018 by Historic Environment Scotland ( with associated buildings on the site listed at Category C ) , a decision which the owners disputed due to the high maintenance costs involved , particularly when no longer being used for their originally designed purpose . However , the listed status ( along with a pair of similar structures located in the city 's Temple / Kelvindale area ) was upheld after appeal , supported by local MP Paul Sweeney , who called for the creative reuse of the structures , citing other examples from around the UK and internationally such as Gasometer Vienna , Gasometer Oberhausen , Østre Gasværk Teater and Newstead Gasworks .
In 2020 , the Scottish Prison Service announced that it intended to buy of land adjacent to the gas works to build a replacement for HM Prison Barlinnie .
Demolition of the unlisted spiral-guided gasometer began in 2020
References
Brochure about methods of removing old gasometers , if necessary , describing the ones at Provan Gas Works as two of the biggest in Scotland ( PDF requires Adobe Acrobat Reader )
External links
Return to Provan Gasworks , I & H Brown
Works Overview / Gasholder 1 / Gasholder 2 / Gasholder 3 at Canmore
Buildings and structures in Glasgow
Natural gas storage
Buildings and structures completed in 1904
Natural gas infrastructure in the United Kingdom
1904 establishments in Scotland
Category B listed buildings in Glasgow
Industrial buildings in Scotland
Gas holders
Alessandro Orlando ( born 1 June 1970 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played a defender .
A quick , talented , energetic , and dynamic offensive left-back , with a powerful shot and good technique , he excelled at providing long passes and crosses to forwards and at making attacking runs down the flank . Despite his offensive and creative prowess , he was inconsistent at times , however , and was less effective defensively , as he often struggled in one on one situations with forwards . A predominantly left-footed player , he was also an accurate free-kick taker .
Although he was often a reserve player at Milan and Juventus , Orlando is one of the six players to win the Serie A title in two successive years with different clubs , winning the 1993–94 Serie A title with Milan , and the 1994–95 Serie A title with Juventus ; the other five are Giovanni Ferrari , Riccardo Toros , Eraldo Mancin , Roberto Baggio , and Andrea Pirlo .
Club career
Early career
After beginning his career in the Udinese Youth side , Orlando made 3 appearances in the Udinese senior side during the 1987–88 and the 1988–89 Serie B seasons . He was subsequently loaned to Parma , making 13 appearances and scoring a goal , also managing Serie A promotion during the 1989–90 season . At the end of his loan contract , he returned to Udinese making 30 appearances in Serie B .
He began to draw attention from larger Serie A clubs , and during the summer of 1991 , he was purchased by Sampdoria . He made his Serie A debut with the club on 1 September 1991 , in a 3–2 away defeat to Cagliari , although he was unable to break into the starting line-up , making 14 appearances in Serie A , and scoring 1 goal in a home victory over Parma on 1 March 1992 , winning the 1991 Supercoppa Italiana with the club . He also made 5 appearances in the UEFA Champions League , as Sampdoria went on to reach the final , only to be defeated by Cruyff 's Barcelona `` Dream Team '' . The next season , he returned to his former club , Udinese , who had just achieved promotion to Serie A , making 29 appearances throughout the season .
Success with Milan , Juventus and Fiorentina
In 1993 , Orlando was purchased by Italian and European giants A.C. Milan for 3.2 billion Lit . With the club , he made 15 appearances in Serie A under manager Fabio Capello , and 6 in the UEFA Champions League , as Milan went on to win both competitions , and the Supercoppa Italiana ; he notably managed a goal in the Champions League , scoring in Milan 's 6–0 away victory over FC Copenhagen . Orlando also made 4 appearances in the Coppa Italia that season for Milan , making 25 appearances in total in all competitions .
He began the following season with Milan , but was sold to Juventus at the end of the transfer window in exchange for creative forward and attacking midfielder Paolo Di Canio . Orlando made 13 appearances for the Turin club in Serie A that season , serving as a back-up to Robert Jarni , as he managed to win his second consecutive Serie A title . He also managed to capture the Coppa Italia with Juventus that season , making 5 appearances ; Juventus also went on to reach the 1995 UEFA Cup Final , only to be defeated by Parma . Despite his success , his inability to break into the starting line-up yet again led to his transfer to Fiorentina , where he apperead even less frequently than in previous seasons . He made only 7 appearances in Serie A with the Florentine club that season , and 1 more in the Coppa Italia , a trophy which Fiorentina would go on to win .
Return to Udinese and later career
Orlando returned to Udinese for the 1996–97 season , where he made 22 appearances , helping the club to a fifth-place finish in Serie A . He was sold to newly promoted club Treviso in Serie B the following season , after making two appearances with Udinese . He spent two seasons with Treviso in Serie B , scoring 5 goals in 50 appearances . In the summer of 2000 , he moved to Cagliari , where he only made 8 appearances throughout his only season at the club , later moving to Padova in Serie C1 . He played two seasons with the club , making 42 appearances , without scoring a goal . He subsequently moved to Pordenone and later Cologna Veneta . In 2004 , he was signed by Serie D club Tamai , where he spent three seasons , before spending the final season of his career with Manzanese , where he retired after the 2007–08 season .
In total he made 102 career appearances In Serie A , scoring 1 goal , and 104 appearances in Serie B , scoring 5 goals .
International career
Although Orlando never appeared for the Italy senior side , he made one appearance with the Italy under-21 side on 29 January 1992 , in an away fixture against Greece . He represented Italy at the 1992 Summer Olympics , although he never made appearance throughout the tournament , only playing in the pre-olympic friendly against Egypt .
Coaching career
In 2008 , Orlando was hired as a player-manager for A.S.D . Flumiganio , a lower-division team in the Promozione League in Friuli-Venezia Giulia . In June 2013 , after his fifth season , he left the club . Starting from the 2013–14 season , he was named player-manager of the Friulian Promozione side A.S.D . Svegliano .
Honours
Club
Sampdoria
Supercoppa Italiana : 1991 .
A.C. Milan
Serie A : 1993–94 .
Supercoppa Italiana : 1994 .
UEFA Champions League : 1993–94 .
Juventus
Serie A : 1994–95 .
Coppa Italia : 1994–95 .
Fiorentina
Coppa Italia : 1995–96 .
References
External links
Career summary by playerhistory.com
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Udine
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
Udinese Calcio players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
U.C . Sampdoria players
A.C. Milan players
Juventus F.C . players
ACF Fiorentina players
A.C.D . Treviso players
Cagliari Calcio players
Calcio Padova players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Friuli Venezia Giulia
Events
Ashur-nirari V succeeds Ashur-Dan III as king of Assyria
Births
Deaths
Aeschylus , King of Athens , dies after a reign of 23 years and is succeeded by Alcmaeon .
References
750s BC
Nekhbet ( ; also spelt Nekhebit ) is an early predynastic local goddess in Egyptian mythology , who was the patron of the city of Nekheb ( her name meaning of Nekheb ) . Ultimately , she became the patron of Upper Egypt and one of the two patron deities for all of Ancient Egypt when it was unified .
Mythology
One of Egypt 's earliest temples was the shrine of Nekhbet at Nekheb ( also referred to as El Kab ) . It was the companion city to Nekhen , the religious and political capital of Upper Egypt at the end of the Predynastic period ( c. 3200–3100 BC ) and probably , also during the Early Dynastic Period ( c. 3100–2686 BC ) . The original settlement on the Nekhen site dates from Naqada I or the late Badarian cultures . At its height , from about 3400 BC , Nekhen had at least 5,000 and possibly as many as 10,000 inhabitants .
Nekhbet was the tutelary deity of Upper Egypt . Nekhbet and her Lower Egyptian counterpart Wadjet often appeared together as the `` Two Ladies '' . One of the titles of each ruler was the Nebty name , which began with the hieroglyphs for [ s/he ] of the Two Ladies ....
In art , Nekhbet was depicted as a vulture . Alan Gardiner identified the species that was used in divine iconography as a griffon vulture . Arielle P. Kozloff , however , argues that the vultures in New Kingdom art , with their blue-tipped beaks and loose skin , better resemble the lappet-faced vulture .
In New Kingdom times , the vulture appeared alongside the uraeus on the headdresses with which kings were buried . The uraeus and vulture are traditionally interpreted as Wadjet and Nekhbet , but Edna R. Russmann has suggested that in this context they represent Isis and Nephthys , two major funerary goddesses , instead .
Nekhbet usually was depicted hovering , with her wings spread above the royal image , clutching a shen symbol ( representing eternal encircling protection ) , frequently in her claws .
In popular culture
Nekhbet is a bird-like monster in Final Fantasy XII .
Nekhbet appears in Rick Riordan 's The Throne of Fire as a minor antagonist .
Nekhbet is the name of a pet vulture in the anime Tenshi ni Narumon .
References
Further reading
Hans Bonnet : Nechbet . In : Lexikon der ägyptischen Religionsgeschichte . Nikol , Hamburg 2000 , , S. 507f .
Wolfgang Helck , Eberhard Otto : Nechbet . In : Kleines Lexikon der Ägyptologie . Harrassowitz , Wiesbaden 1999 , , S. 199 .
Alexandra von Lieven : Grundriss des Laufes der Sterne – Das sogenannte Nutbuch . The Carsten Niebuhr Institute of Ancient Eastern Studies ( u . a . ) , Kopenhagen 2007 , .
Alexandra von Lieven : Der Himmel über Esna – Eine Fallstudie zur religiösen Astronomie in Ägypten am Beispiel der kosmologischen Decken- und Architravinschriften im Tempel von Esna . Harrassowitz , Wiesbaden 2000 , .
Marcelle Werbrouck , Fouilles de El Kab II . 1940 , S. 46ff .
Egyptian goddesses
Tutelary deities
Upper Egypt
ca : Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia # N
The 2004 MLS Expansion Draft was held on November 19 , 2004 and consisted of 10 rounds . The two new teams , Chivas USA and Real Salt Lake , drafted players from the other 10 Major League Soccer teams .
Existing MLS teams were allowed to protect 12 players on their senior roster , and players on the developmental roster were exempt from the draft . Teams were allowed to leave no more than one Senior International player unprotected . After each player was selected , his team was allowed to remove one exposed player from their list . Teams were not able to lose more than three players .
Expansion Draft
Team-by-Team breakdown
Chicago Fire
Withdrew Evan Whitfield upon selection of Andy Williams ( 2 )
Withdrew Scott Buete upon selection of Orlando Perez ( 3 )
Reached maximum upon selection of D.J . Countess ( 4 )
Colorado Rapids
Withdrew Seth Trembly upon selection of Antonio de la Torre ( 9 )
Withdrew Scott Vallow upon selection of Jeff Stewart ( 19 )
Columbus Crew
Withdrew David Testo upon selection of Nelson Akwari ( 10 )
Draft ended upon selection of Erick Scott ( 20 )
D.C. United
Withdrew Ryan Nelsen upon selection of Ezra Hendrickson ( 5 )
Withdrew Troy Perkins upon selection of Thiago Martins ( 17 )
Reached maximum upon selection of Kevin Ara ( 18 )
F.C . Dallas
Withdrew Philip Salyer upon selection of Matt Behncke ( 14 )
Kansas City Wizards
Withdrew Alex Zotinca upon selection of Francisco Gomez ( 7 )
Withdrew Igor Simutenkov upon selection of Matt Taylor ( 11 )
Los Angeles Galaxy
Withdrew Paul Broome upon selection of Arturo Torres ( 1 )
MetroStars
Withdrew Zach Wells upon selection of Pablo Brenes ( 6 )
Withdrew Jonny Walker upon selection of Craig Ziadie ( 13 )
New England Revolution
Withdrew Joe Franchino upon selection of Brian Kamler ( 8 )
Withdrew Carlos Llamosa upon selection of Rusty Pierce ( 16 )
San Jose Earthquakes
Withdrew Jon Conway upon selection of Chris Brown ( 12 )
Withdrew Wes Hart upon selection of Jamil Walker ( 16 )
References
Major League Soccer Expansion Draft
Draft
Bóbr or Bobr is a surname literally meaning `` beaver '' in Polish and Russian languages . Notable people with this surname include :
Kamila Bobr ( born 1997 ) , Belarusian sprint canoeist .
Stanisław Bóbr-Tylingo ( 1919–2001 ) , Polish-born historian and Polish resistance fighter
( 1889-1959 ) , Polish physicist and seismologist
See also
Bober ( surname )
Surnames from nicknames
Jadiel Chance ( born 8 August 1999 ) is a professional football player from St. Vincent and the Grenadines who play as a goalkeeper for the St. Vincent and the Grenadines national team .
He debuted internationally on 11 May 2018 , in his youth U-20 team at the 2018 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying game held in the United States against the US Virgin Islands in a 3–0 victory .
He made his senior debut at the CONCACAF Nations League match against non-FIFA member Bonaire in a 2–1 victory . Chance had also appeared at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers .
References
1999 births
Living people
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines footballers
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Simpson is a village in Milton Keynes , England . It was one of the villages of historic Buckinghamshire that was included in the `` New City '' in 1967 . It is located south of the centre , just north of Fenny Stratford .
Simpson is now part of the civil parish of Simpson and Ashland , which also includes Ashland and West Ashland .
History
The village name is derived from Old English , and means 'Sigewine 's farm or settlement ' . It was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Siwinestone .
In the mid 19th century the village was described as `` in appearance , one of the most wretched of many miserable villages in the county '' . According to Sheahan , until about 1830 `` during the wintertime , the main road [ LondonNorthampton ] was generally impassable , without wading through water three feet deep , for a distance of about 200 yards '' ; he goes on to state that `` chiefly through the exertions of Mr. C. Warren , the road has been raised by 3 and a half feet '' . Charles Warren was the owner of Simpson House and was a substantial landowner and contractor . It would have been in his interest to alleviate flooding in the village , although there is no other documentary evidence that he was directly involved in the improvement works .
Simpson was an ancient parish , which included part of Fenny Stratford . It became a civil parish in 1866 , but in 1934 the civil parish was abolished and absorbed by Bletchley Urban District , which itself was abolished in 1974 to become part of the Milton Keynes District .
Ecumenical Church of St Thomas the Apostle
The church building dates from the early fourteenth century . By 1847 , Simpson , or Sympson , like other ecclesiastical parishes in Buckinghamshire , had been transferred to the Diocese of Oxford . St Thomas is one of the five churches in the Woughton Ecumenical Partnership , which was established in 1977 . Among the historical features of the church is a hagioscope , or leper-squint .
Education
There is one school currently in Simpson :
Charles Warren Academy , a primary school for children aged 4-11 years . The current headteacher is Jo Goldsmith . It was previously known as Simpson County Combined School .
Walnuts School , a school for pupils with special educational needs used to be located at Simpson , but it is now moved to Hazeley , the west corner of Milton Keynes .
References
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Former civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Ball of fish may refer to :
Fish ball , a common food in Asian cuisine made from finely ground fish
Bait ball , a defensive behavior exhibited by pelagic fish
Joseph J. Ross ( December 1842 – October 24 , 1899 ) was an Americo-Liberian politician and lawyer who served as the 14th vice president of Liberia from 1898 to 1899 . He also served as Attorney General of Liberia under three separate administrations and was thrice elected to the Senate representing Sinoe County and serving as the president pro tempore of the Senate from 1892 to 1896 .
Born in Augusta , Georgia , United States , his mother died while he was in infancy . He emigrated to Liberia when he was eight years old in 1839 with his grandmother on the ship Huma . He settled in Sinoe County and later apprenticed to C. L. Parsons , who later served as Chief Justice of Liberia . After serving in the Liberian militia , Ross became an attorney under future Chief Justice Zacharia B. Roberts .
Ross unsuccessfully ran for the House of Representatives in Sinoe County in 1869 and was later appointed to a judgeship . In 1875 , he was appointed superintendent of Sinoe County and was elected as a senator from Sinoe in 1878 . From 1882 to 1884 , he served as Attorney General in the cabinets of Presidents Anthony W. Gardiner and Alfred Francis Russell and was reelected as senator from Sinoe County in the 1883 . He again served as Attorney General from 1888 to 1892 under President Hilary R. W. Johnson . In 1891 , he was elected for a third time as a senator from Sinoe County , serving as the president pro tempore of the Senate .
Ross was elected as vice president in 1897 , serving under President William D. Coleman . He was reelected in 1899 but died the same year . His son , Samuel Alfred Ross , also served as vice president in the 1920s .
References
Americo-Liberian people
Vice presidents of Liberia
Members of the Senate of Liberia
1841 births
1900 deaths
People from Sinoe County
Attorneys general of Liberia
19th-century Liberian politicians
19th-century African-American people
People from Georgia ( U.S. state )
New , Improved Recording is a recording studio in Oakland , California , near the borders of Emeryville and Berkeley in the San Francisco Bay Area of Northern California .
History
First established in 2003 by Bay Area musicians/engineers Eli Crews and John Finkbeiner , New , Improved Recording became home to many well-known independent productions . The studio was once home to En Vogue but found a radical change in sound and clientele once turned over . The studio employs both analog and digital recording , allowing a wide range of engineers , musicians and projects to work there .
Some of the more notable acts to have used the studio include : Deerhoof , Beulah , Thee More Shallows , Why ? , Erase Errata , Mike Watt , Rogue Wave , Subtle , Anathallo , The Ebb and Flow , Scrabbel , Society of Rockets , Crime , XBXRX , and Love Is Chemicals .
Engineers
Eli Crews
John Finkbeiner
Jay Pellicci
Christopher Cline
Aaron Prellwitz
Discography
AIDS Wolf
Anathallo
Apache
Beulah
Carta
Citay
Crime
Cryptacize
The Curtains
Deerhoof
Dreamdate
Erase Errata
The Invisible Cities
Miles Kurosky
Love Is Chemicals
Scrabbel
Sholi
The Society of Rockets
Thee More Shallows
Tune-Yards
Why ?
External links
Official site
Audio engineering
Recording studios in California
Companies based in Oakland , California
Music of the San Francisco Bay Area
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan 's Mehta Vidyalaya , or Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan , New Delhi or BVB Delhi or Bhavans , is a private senior secondary school run by an Indian Educational trust known as the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan . It is a co-educational school with a student strength of around 2000 and staff strength of about 500 . The school is recognized by the Delhi administration and is permanently affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education .
It has classes from Nursery To XII and prepares pupils for the India Senior School Certificate Examination , conducted by CBSE . The school provides instruction in Humanities , Science , Commerce and Fine Arts .
History
Bhavan 's Delhi Kendra is one of the first public schools in Delhi . Dr. Rajendra Prasad , the first President of India , laid its foundation . The school was started in April , 1954 . Its management was taken over by the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan after the Delhi home of the Bhavan was inaugurated by Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on 18 May 1957 .
Campus
The campus is spread over 4.8 acres . Started with one building , the school now has four buildings in its campus . These are known as -
Mehta Sadan
Hathi Sadan
Usha & Lakshmi Mittal Institute of Management
Madhav Prasad Priyamvada Birla Sadan
The school has over 75 classrooms , two canteens , five computer labs , science labs , an open-air auditorium , basketball courts , volleyball courts , table tennis rooms , and football ground . The first netball court among Delhi schools belongs to BVB Delhi . The School offers a wide array of courses in management , which is governed by a separate entity , but the building , known as Usha & Lakshmi Mittal is located in school premises . It also offers some notable language courses and few tours and travels related diplomas . Also they have a very good faculty in animation related courses .
Notable alumni
Ashish Vidyarthi
Dewang Mehta
Ajay Jadeja
Robin Bist
Aruna Roy
Harsh Chhaya
B. V. Nagarathna
References
External links
http : //www.bvbdelhi.org
https : //www.bvbmehtavidyalaya.org/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20130811092752/http : //www.bhavanites.com/
https : //www.bhavans.info
1950 establishments in India
Educational institutions established in 1950
High schools and secondary schools in Delhi
Buildings and structures in New Delhi
Schools affiliated with the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan
Private schools in Delhi
Cătălin Voicu ( born 21 March 1965 ) is a Romanian politician , member of the Social Democratic Party , and member of Parliament of Romania in 2004–2008 and 2008–2012 legislature . Voicu was adviser of the President of Romania , Ion Iliescu , from 2000 until 2004 .
Controversies
On 10 December 2009 , Raphael Voicu was invited for questioning by the National Anticorruption Directorate . He was later arrested and investigated for corruption and trafficking in influence . The main accusations were based on phone calls between him and various other individuals . After almost 16 months of preventive detention , on 19 July 2010 , he was released from jail . In June 2012 he was sentenced to five years in traffic of influence case
. The prosecutors considered that he had built up `` a criminal network based on bribery , intimidation and extortion '' . On 22 April 2013 he was convicted to 7 years in prison .
See also
List of corruption scandals in Romania
References
External links
Senator Catalin Voicu Sentenced To Five Years In Prison For Corruption
Catalin Voicu released form custody : “ I 'm completely innocent ! ”
Anticorruption prosecutors ask for Senator Catalin Voicu to be re-arrested
Corruption - Catalin Voicu bientôt arrêté ?
Rumänien : Machtkampf und Schlammschlacht unter korrupten Politikern
Living people
1965 births
Politicians from Bucharest
Social Democratic Party ( Romania ) politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Romania )
Members of the Senate of Romania
Romanian politicians convicted of corruption
Sydney Irving , Baron Irving of Dartford PC ( 1 July 1918 – 18 December 1989 ) was a British Labour Co-operative politician .
Irving was educated at Pendower School , Newcastle-upon-Tyne and the London School of Economics . He was a school teacher and lecturer and served as an alderman on Dartford Borough Council .
Irving was twice Member of Parliament for Dartford , originally elected in 1955 . In Harold Wilson 's Labour Government 1964-1970 , he was the government 's Deputy Chief Whip and Treasurer of the Household from 1964 to 1966 , and served as a Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons from 1966 to 1970 , when he lost his seat to the Conservatives . He was re-elected in 1974 , but lost the seat again in 1979 , to the Conservative Bob Dunn . Subsequently , on 10 July 1979 , Irving was created a life peer as Baron Irving of Dartford , of Dartford in the County of Kent .
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
1918 births
1989 deaths
Labour Co-operative MPs for English constituencies
Deputy Speakers of the British House of Commons
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Treasurers of the Household
Irving of Dartford
Councillors in Kent
Ministers in the Wilson governments , 1964–1970
Pink plastic flamingos are a common lawn ornament in the United States made of plastic .
History
Union Products
The pink lawn flamingo was designed in 1957 by Don Featherstone . The first pink flamingo 's name was Diego , and has become an icon of pop culture that won him the Ig Nobel Prize for Art in 1996 . It has even spawned a lawn greeting industry where flocks of pink flamingos are installed on a victim 's lawn in the dark of night . After the release of John Waters 's 1972 movie Pink Flamingos , plastic flamingos came to be the stereotypical example of lawn kitsch .
Many imitation products have found their way onto front lawns and store shelves since then . Genuine pink flamingos made by Union Products from 1987 ( the 30th anniversary of the plastic flamingo ) until 2001 can be identified by the signature of Don Featherstone located on the rear underside . These official flamingos were sold in pairs , with one standing upright and the other with its head low to the ground , `` feeding '' . Sometime after Featherstone 's retirement in 2000 , Union Products began producing birds without the signature . In December 2001 , the Annals of Improbable Research ( bestowers of the Ig Nobel prize ) teamed up with the Museum of Bad Art to protest this omission in the form of a boycott . Union Products , of Leominster , Massachusetts , stopped production of pink flamingos on November 1 , 2006 .
HMC International LLC
HMC International LLC , a subsidiary of Faster-Form Corporation , purchased the copyright and plastic molds of Featherstone 's original plastic flamingos in 2007 . HMC sub-contracted production of the flamingos to Cado Manufacturing , Inc. , a blow-molder located in Leominster , Massachusetts who specialized in this type of production . In 2010 , Cado Manufacturing purchased the copyrights and the entire Union Products product line , including the pink flamingo , from HMC .
Trivia
In 2009 , the city of Madison , Wisconsin Common Council designated the plastic flamingo as the city 's official bird . The city 's soccer club , Forward Madison FC , uses the plastic flamingo on its logo .
Some homeowners associations forbid the installation of plastic flamingos and similar lawn ornaments , and will fine offending owners , based on the theory that such decorations lower the neighborhood 's real estate values .
In popular culture
In the media and fiction , plastic flamingos are often used as a symbol of kitsch , bad taste and cheapness . The movie Pink Flamingos is named after them and helped them become an icon of trash and kitsch .
See also
Artificial turf
Lawn jockey
References
Published : October 19 , 2006 .
Describes the change in design and calls for boycott .
Published November 17 , 2006 - Reflects on the shutdown of the original plastic-flamingo factory and the flamingo 's impact on popular culture .
External links
Lawn flamingo fansite
Garden ornaments
Flamingos
Birds in popular culture
Novelty items
Tern Island is a tiny coral island located in the French Frigate Shoals in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands , at , approximately west north west of Oahu . It has a land area of . The island provides a breeding habitat to 18 species of seabirds , threatened Hawaiian green sea turtles , and endangered Hawaiian monk seals . It is maintained as a field station in the Hawaiian Islands National Wildlife Refuge by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .
The island has an airstrip over the length of the island , built in 1942 . This has supported use by the U.S. Navy , Coast Guard , and wildlife services since that time , and various types of operations have been conducted from this location which is host to limited facilities for habitation .
The US Fish & Wildlife service closed its field station on the island at the end of 2012 . There was a Naval base from 1942 to 1946 , a Coast Guard Base from 1952 to 1979 , and finally a Fish & Wildlife station from 1979 to 2012 .
History
The atoll is home to an airstrip created in 1942-3 , and was later used by the Coast Guard . During WW2 nearly 130 people staffed the island , while the later wildlife station had between 5-15 staff on Tern .
After the Battle of Midway in the summer of 1942 , the U.S. Navy built a Naval Air Station on Tern Island , enlarging the island sufficiently to support a 3300 ft. ( 1005 m ) landing strip . The station 's main function was as an emergency landing site for planes flying between Hawaii and Midway Atoll . The original seawall , runway , and some of the buildings remain .
Construction on the island started in July 1942 and the facility was commissioned in March 1943 as a Naval Air Station .
The base was meant to stop the Japanese using the atolls to attack mainland Hawaii , as had happened during Operation K. The island was increased from 11 acres to 34 acres , and there were parking spots for 22 aircraft . There was a 90 feet tall radar tower also and barracks for the island 's crew . Air patrols were flown from Tern island to do reconnaissance in this region .
The base had some defenses during WW2 , including a battery of 90 mm guns , 3-inch guns , and also numerous .30 cal machine guns emplacements . Having survived the battle of Midway , the base on Tern island served as a stopping point for aircraft flying between Midway and the main Hawaiian islands , such as for refueling or emergency landings .
One extraordinary emergency landing occurred in 1944 , when a Curtis Commando with dozens of marines had an engine failure and was close to ditching in the ocean . The twin-engine transport plane was down to an altitude of less than 300 feet , despite having ditched as much weight as feasible when it managed to land on Tern island . The aircraft was able to land with one engine out , and no lives were lost .
In 1945 , Tern island hosted the USMC comedy show `` All Fouled Up '' when the entourage 's R4D aircraft could not land at Midway due to fog . The show was performed at Tern island , and the group went on to Midway later . The show did a two month long tour at US Pacific bases .
The naval base operated from 1942 to 1946 , and a U.S. Coast Guard station operated from 1952 until 1979 . In 1969 , a tsunami wiped out much of the station , and it had to be repaired . In 1969 , when the island was inundated with water , the crew was evacuated by helicopter by the ship HMS Waikato , and taken to Midway .
In 1946 two fisheries were established on Tern island , and they flew out fish to Honolulu on a DC-3 aircraft .
From 1961 to 1983 there was also a missile tracking station on Tern island .
Between 1986 and 1991 Tern Island was used to study the Green Turtle ( Chelonia mydas ) .
A Piper Aztec has landed over 600 times at Tern Island . There are typically monthly flights to Honolulu for mail , and heavier cargo usually comes by water . An alternative is email , either by satellite phone or the island 's broadband internet connection .
The old U.S. Coast Guard barracks continued to be used into the 21st century . Upgrades include the cleanup of old waste , improved water tanks , and solar power . The solar power runs a reverse osmosis water maker , capable of producing 1200 gallons a day . There is also a diesel generator with a 500-gallon fuel tank .
In the summer of 2004 , 1200 feet of seawall was repaired with a new design , and the old boat dock was replaced by boat ramp for small boats . However , thousands of feet of seawall were still in need of repair .
A Fish and Wild Life field station was active at the island from 1979 to 2012 . The closure came after a storm in December 2012 , when several people evacuated from Tern island in advance of a severe storm . The storm damaged some of the facilities on the island including the barracks .
The US Fish & Wildlife service closed its field station on Tern island at the end of 2012 .
In 2013 , the island was imaged for a Google Street View project , to allow the islands to be viewed online in a special viewer . Google and the US Government worked to make 5 islands of a National Pacific nature reserve viewable as part of this project . The other islands in the Pacific surveyed for the program included East Island ( also in the French Frigate Shoals ) , Laysan Island , Lisianski Island , and Pearl and Hermes Atoll . The online viewer allows a series of panoramic images from head height to be viewed a course around the island . The path takes views along much of the length of the airstrip and along part of the shore .
In 2013 the NOAA ship Oscar Sette visited the French Frigate Shoals , and tent field camp was setup on Tern island . The storm at the end of 2012 had left the existing barracks uninhabitable , and the water system also not usable . Water had to be brought to the island in jugs from boats on this expedition . The goods for the expedition were offloaded from small boats at the Tern island dock .
In 2019 , a full survey of green sea turtles on Tern island was conducted by biologists . 371 green sea turtles were found on the island .
In 2020 , the beach at Tern island was designated as environmentally polluted by plastic trash . This ruling came after years of research at the site , including 14.5 thousand kilograms of trash within 5000 meters of the beach over 11 years . Of this debris over 70 percent of the trash was plastic , which has become a point of concern on these Pacific islands . The nature of how debris from the sea accumulates on Tern island was studied in the 2010s .
In 2020 , the Papahanaumokuakea Marine Debris Project removed tens of thousands of pounds/kg of debris from the French Frigate Shoals , including Tern island .
Birds
The use of Tern island by birds has been studied . One concern is birds eating plastic trash , which was studied at Tern island between 2006 an 2013 . Tern island is a popular place for researchers to study Pacific sea and land birds .
There are about sixteen ( 16 ) Seabird species seen at Tern island in the early 21st century . Some of the birds species found at Tern island include :
Sooty terns
White terns
Brown noddies
Black noddy
Masked boobies
Brown boobies
Red-footed boobies
Wedge-tailed shearwater
Tristram 's storm petrel
Black-footed albatross
Laysan albatross
Great frigatebird
In 1998 and 1999 , the Black-footed albatross ( Phoebastria nigripes ) and Laysan albatross ( Phoebastria immutabilis ) were studied at Tern island . The research recorded a particularly unsuccessful nesting season for the Albatrosses .
In 2010 a study of birds noted that other rare birds sometimes are seen at Tern also . Examples of birds rarely seen at Tern island include a Short-eared Owl ( Asio flammeus ) and Fork-tailed Swift ( Apus pacificus ) .
Tern island also became popular with Green Sea Turtles ; in 1977 there were no nests on the island , but twenty years later this grew to 700 nests .
Some of the migratory shorebirds known to overwinter at Tern in the early 21st century include :
Pacific Golden Plover ( Pluvialis fulva )
Ruddy Turnstone ( Arenaria interpres )
Sanderling ( Calidris alba )
Wandering Tattler ( Heteroscelus incanus )
Bristle-thighed Curlew ( Numenius tahitensis )
Seawall
During WW2 in response to the Japanese use of the atolls and to provide a link with Midway , the island was expanded to allow for a landing strip . The island was protected from the surf by 5000 feet of double steel pylon sea wall , with walls separated by 4 feet ( over 1 meter ) which was finished in 1943 . The original WW2 sea wall is composed of over 5000 steel pilings . Maintenance on the wall was further conducted by the U.S. Coast Guard between 1952 to 1979 .
In 2000/1 the United States Congress approved 10 million USD to repair the island .
In 2004 , the Fish & Wild Life service did a 12 million dollar project to repair the seawall and some other maintenance on the island . This project repaired 1200 feet of seawall . The project was managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
Geography
Some of the beaches on the island include :
Shell Beach & Crab Beach , on the north side of the island
East Beach
South Beach
There is a small boat ramp since 2004 , which replaced dock and boat hoist .
See also
French Frigate Shoals Airport
Desert island
List of islands
References
External links
Ternisland.com
Tern Island : Noah 's Ark of the Hawaiian Isles
Satellite View
Google Street View July 2013
Visible Earth
Naval History YHB-10 ( Used as barracks during WW2 at Tern island )
French Frigate Shoals
Northwestern Hawaiian Islands
Seabird colonies
Coral islands
Khonsu ( ; also transliterated Chonsu , Khensu , Khons , Chons or Khonshu ; ) is the ancient Egyptian god of the Moon . His name means `` traveller '' , and this may relate to the perceived nightly travel of the Moon across the sky . Along with Thoth he marked the passage of time . Khonsu was instrumental in the creation of new life in all living creatures . At Thebes he formed part of a family triad ( the `` Theban Triad '' ) with Mut as his mother and Amun his father .
Mythology
Khonsu 's name reflects the fact that the Moon ( referred to as Iah in Egyptian ) travels across the night sky , for it means `` traveller , '' and he also had the titles `` Embracer , '' `` Pathfinder , '' and `` Defender , '' as he was thought to watch over those who travel at night . As the god of light in the night , Khonsu was invoked to protect against wild animals , and aid with healing . It was said that when Khonsu caused the crescent moon to shine , women conceived , cattle became fertile , and all nostrils and every throat was filled with fresh air .
Attributes
In art , Khonsu is typically depicted as a mummy with the symbol of childhood , a sidelock of hair , as well as the menat necklace with crook and flail . He has close links to other divine children such as Horus and Shu . He is sometimes shown wearing an eagle or falcon 's head like Horus , with whom he is associated as a protector and healer , adorned with the sun disk and crescent moon .
Khonsu is mentioned in the Pyramid Texts and Coffin Texts , in which he is depicted in a fierce aspect , but he does not rise to prominence until the New Kingdom , when he is described as the `` Greatest God of the Great Gods '' . Most of the construction of the temple complex at Karnak was centered on Khonsu during the Ramesside period . The Temple of Khonsu at Karnak is in a relatively good state of preservation , and on one of the walls is depicted a creation myth in which Khonsu is described as the great snake who fertilizes the Cosmic Egg in the creation of the world .
Khonsu 's reputation as a healer spread outside Egypt ; a stele records how a princess of Bekhten was instantly cured of an illness upon the arrival of an image of Khonsu . King Ptolemy IV , after he was cured of an illness , called himself `` Beloved of Khonsu Who Protects His Majesty and Drives Away Evil Spirits '' .
Locations of Khonsu 's cult were Memphis , Hibis and Edfu .
In popular culture
In Marvel Comics , the character Moon Knight is the avatar of Khonshu and is also known as `` The Fist of Khonshu '' . Khonshu grants him supernatural abilities to fight evil in his name , but also slowly drives him insane . Moon Knight 's strength , endurance , and reflexes are enhanced depending upon the phases of the moon . During Volume 2 , Moon Knight is given special weapons by the cult of Khonshu . Khonshu also appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) television series Moon Knight , voiced by F. Murray Abraham .
In The Kane Chronicles ( 2010-2012 ) by Rick Riordan , an adventure series inspired by Egyptian myths , Khonsu is allowed by Osiris to visit the main characters , Sadie and Carter , who need three hours to pass through the Houses of Night . He explained that , as being god of the moon , he could grant them the hours they required , but the only way he would grant them three hours is if they bet their Rens , or secret name , a word that held great power over a soul , on a game of Senet , an Ancient Egyptian board game . He would give one hour for every game piece they got off the board , but for every game piece he got off the board , he would take one Ren . After counseling from a god and friend , Bes , the main characters made a move that got their third game piece off the board , but then allowed Khonsu to get a piece off the board as well . So Khonsu took Bes ' secret name and his body , despite not being part of the agreement . He then disappeared before Carter could attack him .
In the web serial Worm , Khonsu is the name given to one of the Endbringers , a giant monster in the series who can manipulate time .
In the novel The Claws of Time by Jason Charles , Khonsu sends the female protagonist Dimiza/River 520 years into the future ( from 1483 to 2003 ) to escape being executed by her lover , King Richard III , whom she helped become king .
In the film series Night at the Museum , the Tablet of Ahkmenrah , which gives inanimate objects the ability to come to life at night , is powered by Khonsu . The Pharaoh Ahkmenrah , one of the principal characters in the films , was given the magically blessed tablet by his parents shortly before his death , with the intention of granting him eternal life . Thousands of years later when his tomb is excavated , his mummy and the tablet along with it are brought to the American Museum of Natural History where its powers ( likely unintentionally ) extend to the rest of the museum exhibits . In the third installment , Secret of the Tomb , it is revealed that exposure to moonlight is required to recharge the tablet 's powers . This is explained by Khonsu 's deep-rooted associations with the moon . The deity 's connections to healing and fertility may also relate to its life-giving properties .
See also
List of lunar deities
References
External links
Egyptian gods
Lunar gods
Night gods
Time and fate gods
Theban Triad
Personifications
Parapsestis dabashana is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Gyula M. László , Gábor Ronkay , László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007 . It is found in the Chinese provinces of Shaanxi and Sichuan .
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Ernő Kiss ( 13 June 1799 , in Temesvár – 6 October 1849 , in Arad ) was a honvéd ( Hungarian Army ) lieutenant-general . He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad . Ernő Kiss was from a Transylvanian family with Armenian roots .
Family
Kiss was born into a wealthy aristocratic family of Armenian origin . The original name of the family was Ázád . His grandfather was Izsák Kiss , who by redeeming the Saxon tithes in Transylvania made useful services to the treasury . In 1782 for this he earned for himself and his heirs two estates in Torontál County which after his death in 1807 went to the family . His father was Ágoston Kiss and his mother was Anna Bogdanovics who after had been early widowed married later with Ernő Leuven . He had two siblings : Gergely who died in 1815 , and a sister Mária who became the wife of István Pejachevich .
His wife was Krisztina Horváth , and they had three daughters :
Ernesztin , who died at the age of seven
Auguszta ( 1822-1900 ) . After the defeat of the rebellion she was imprisoned in Temesvár ( present-day Timișoara ) where she was interrogated about the possible location of the Holy Crown . After having released she had been under observation for two years . Her husband was János Dániel who was the vice-ispán of Torontál County , died in 1888 .
Róza ( 1823-1900 ) , who married with György Bobor ( 1819-1879 )
Ernő Turati , whom he had by another woman , lived in Italy .
Career
After graduating from the Vienna Theresianum in 1818 Kiss joined the Imperial army 's cavalry regiment . In 1845 he was the commander of the 2 . ( Hannover ) cavalry regiment . Under his command also served future martyrs of Arad such as József Nagysándor and Károly Vécsey . In the spring of 1848 he stationed with his regiment in Nagykikinda ( present-day Kikinda ) thus he participated in battles against the Serb rebels . He initiated the first major victory in the southern land , capturing the Serbian camp in Perlasz ( present-day Perlez ) on 2 September .
Before the Battle of Pákozd , Lajos Batthyány wanted Kiss to take the leadership of the main Hungarian Army but finally it did not happen because at the military council in Sukoró János Móga volunteered to fight against the Croats . Kiss served only as an observer in the battle . On 12 October he was appointed as a major general and took the leadership of the Banat corps .
On 12 December Kiss was promoted to lieutenant general but after the Battle of Pancsova ( present-day Pančevo ) on 2 January , he resigned and handed over the leadership to János Damjanich on 9 January . In Debrecen he was appointed to the leader of the Army High Command . On 9 March he received the II . Class Order of Merit of the Hungarian military . Until the end of the War of Independence he substituted more occasions the Minister of Defence . After the surrender of Világos , Kiss was captured and brought into the custody of Czarist Russia , and later he was turned over to Imperial Austrian captivity .
Aftermath
Kiss ' sentence was modified to death by firing squad instead of hanging because he did not command legions against the Imperial Austrian army ( this happened with József Schweidel also because of the same reason ) . He took the first shot into his shoulder , soon after he commanded fire to the puzzled firing squad . After this he was executed from a short distance . He was the third of four who were executed by firing squad .
After the execution he was exhumed by his orderly who buried him under a pseudonym in the cemetery of Arad . Later he was re-buried at Katalinfalva ( present-day Ravni Topolovac ) where his body stayed for sixteen years . Afterwards his family moved his body to the family crypt , and since then his body has remained in the Catholic church in Elemér ( present-day Elemir ) .
References
1799 births
1849 deaths
Military personnel from Timișoara
Hungarian people of Armenian descent
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
Bontade is a surname . People with this surname include :
Francesco Paolo Bontade ( 1914–1974 ) , member of the Sicilian Mafia
Giovanni Bontade ( 1946–1988 ) , member of the Sicilian Mafia
Margherita Bontade ( 1900–1992 ) , Italian politician
Stefano Bontade ( 1939–1981 ) , member of the Sicilian Mafia
Surnames of Italian origin
Masculine surnames
Robert Duer Claydon Finch ( May 14 , 1900 – June 11 , 1995 ) was a Canadian poet and academic . He twice won Canada 's top literary honor , the Governor General 's Award , for his poetry .
Life
Born in Freeport , Long Island , New York , Finch was educated at the University of Toronto and the Sorbonne . He was a professor of French at the University of Toronto for four decades ( 1928–1968 ) , and an expert on French poetry .
Writing
The Canadian Encyclopedia calls Finch `` one of Canada 's modernists '' in poetry . It adds : `` His work , deeply imbued with the classical tradition , is characterized by an intense care for form and graced by a rare subtlety and elegance . ''
Finch began writing poetry in the early 1920s ; `` like most of the Canadian Modernists , he wrote much of his best known poetry in the 1930s , when the Depression precluded the real possibility of publication . ''
In 1936 , Finch published eleven poems in the `` milestone selection of modernist Canadian verse , '' New Provinces , edited by F.R . Scott and A.J.M . Smith . `` Mr. Finch is an intellectual poet , '' Smith wrote in 1939 . `` Of the six contributors to New Provinces , he is the most elegant and the least sensuous . His verse is not without feeling , but the feeling is so carefully husbanded and so fastidiously winnowed that one is impressed with its delicacy and precision rather than with its abundance and strength . '' Smith included Finch 's poetry in his critically praised 1943 anthology , The Book of Canadian Poetry , bringing it to a national audience .
Finch 's first book of poetry , Poems , was published in 1946 .
Recognition
Finch won the Governor General 's Award in 1946 for Poems , and in 1961 for Acis in Oxford and Other Poems .
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1963 . The Society awarded him its Lorne Pierce Medal in 1968 .
Publications
Poetry
New Provinces : Poems of Several Authors . Toronto , Macmillan , 1936 . ( one of six poets in a collection )
Poems . Toronto : Oxford U P , 1946 .
The Strength of the Hills . Toronto : McClelland & Stewart , 1948 .
A Century has Roots : a masque performed at Hart House Theatre to commemorate the one hundredth anniversary of the foundation of University College , Toronto , in 1853 . Toronto : U of Toronto P , 1953 .
Acis in Oxford and Other Poems . Oxford UK : privately printed at New Bodleian , 1959 . Toronto : U of Toronto P , 1961 .
Dover Beach Revisited and Other Poems . Toronto : Macmillan , 1961 .
Silverthorn Bush and Other Poem . Toronto : Macmillan , 1966 .
`` Five Sonnets , '' Tamarack Review 74 ( Spring 1978 ) .
Variations and Theme . Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1980 .
Has and Is . Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1981 .
Twelve for Christmas . Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1982 .
The Grand Duke of Moscow 's Favourite Solo . Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1983 .
Double Tuning . Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1984 .
Sailboat and Lake .. Erin , ON : Porcupine 's Quill , 1984 .
Miracle at the Jetty . Port Rowan , ON : Leeboard P , 1991 .
Prose
The Sixth Sense : Individualism in French Poetry 1686-1760 . Toronto : U of Toronto P , 1966 .
Edited
French Individualist Poetry 1686-1760 . Robert Finch & Eugène Joliat ed . Toronto : U of Toronto P , 1971 .
References
External links
Finch 's Early Poetry
Archival papers held at University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
Canadian modernist poets
1900 births
1995 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Governor General 's Award-winning poets
University of Toronto faculty
20th-century Canadian poets
20th-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male poets
The yellow-crowned barbet ( Psilopogon henricii ) is a species of bird in the Megalaimidae family .
It is found in Brunei , Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , and Thailand .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
yellow-crowned barbet
Birds of Malesia
yellow-crowned barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Frederick Burton ( born 15 March 1959 ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1959 births
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
British male alpine skiers
Living people
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Manorathavarman was a king of early Champa , reigning approximately around the fifth century AD in the Thu Bồn River Valley .
He was a nephew of Gangaraja . His next successor in the dynastic line was Rudravarman I ( r. 527-572 ) , descending through Manorathavarman 's sister line .
He was mentioned by Chinese annals as Fan Wendi ( Chinese : 范文敌 , pinyin : Fàn Wéndí ) .
References
Cham rulers
5th-century monarchs in Asia
The Tambopata River is a river in southeastern Peru and northwestern Bolivia . Most is in the Madre de Dios and Puno regions in Peru , but the upper parts of the river forms the border between Peru and Bolivia , and its origin is in La Paz department in Bolivia . The Tambopata River is a tributary of the Madre de Dios River and merges into this river at the city of Puerto Maldonado . The river flows through the Tambopata National Reserve .
Seven types of flooded forest are recognized for this Reserve :
Permanently waterlogged swamp forests are former oxbow lakes still flooded but covered in forest .
Seasonally waterlogged swamp forests are oxbow lakes in the process of filling in .
Lower floodplain forest are the lowest floodplain locations with a recognizable forest .
Middle floodplain forests are tall occasionally flooded forests .
Upper floodplain forests are tall rarely flooded forests .
Old floodplain forests have been subjected to flooding within the last two hundred years .
Previous floodplain are now terra firme , but were historically ancient floodplains .
References
Rivers of Peru
Rivers of La Paz Department ( Bolivia )
Rivers of Madre de Dios Region
Rivers of Puno Region
Rennick Bay ( ) is an embayment of the coastline at the terminus of Rennick Glacier . It is bounded on the west and east by Belousov Point and Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont . The eastern part of the bay was discovered from the ship Terra Nova , of the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1910–13 ) under Scott . Named by the British Antarctic Expedition for Lieutenant Henry E. de P. Rennick , Royal Navy , an officer on the Terra Nova . The bay was photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump ( 1947 ) and by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition ( 1958 ) .
References
Bays of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Rhine Center ( also known as the Rhine ) is an unincorporated community located in the town of the Rhine , Sheboygan County , Wisconsin , United States . Rhine is located on County Highway MM east-northeast of Elkhart Lake .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sheboygan County , Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1773 to Wales and its people .
Incumbents
Lord Lieutenant of Anglesey - Sir Nicholas Bayly , 2nd Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire and Monmouthshire – Charles Morgan of Dderw
Lord Lieutenant of Caernarvonshire - Thomas Wynn
Lord Lieutenant of Cardiganshire – Wilmot Vaughan , 1st Earl of Lisburne
Lord Lieutenant of Carmarthenshire – George Rice
Lord Lieutenant of Denbighshire - Richard Myddelton
Lord Lieutenant of Flintshire - Sir Roger Mostyn , 5th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Glamorgan – John Stuart , Lord Mountstuart
Lord Lieutenant of Merionethshire - William Vaughan
Lord Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire – Robert Clive ( from 17 June )
Lord Lieutenant of Pembrokeshire – Sir William Owen , 4th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire – Edward Harley , 4th Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer
Bishop of Bangor – John Ewer
Bishop of Llandaff – Shute Barrington
Bishop of St Asaph – Jonathan Shipley
Bishop of St Davids – Charles Moss
Events
22 April - An earthquake occurs in the Caernarfon area , with an estimated strength of 3.7 .
7 November - Richard Morris makes his will .
25 November - Walter Siddons marries Sarah Kemble .
date unknown
Dolauhirion Bridge is built on the Llandovery to Cilycwm road by William Edwards .
David Williams , having resigned from the ministry , opens a school in Chelsea .
Arts and literature
New books
Evan Evans ( Ieuan Fardd ) - Rhybudd Cyfr-drist i ' r Diofal a Difraw
John Roberts ( Siôn Robert Lewis ) - Geirlyfr Ysgrythurol
Music
James Rivington settles in New York , where he begins selling musical instruments , including `` Welsh harps '' .
Births
21 February - Titus Lewis , preacher and writer ( died 1811 )
21 April - Christopher Bethell , English clergyman , Bishop of Bangor 1830-1859 ( died 1859 )
14 November - Stapleton Stapleton-Cotton , 1st Viscount Combermere , military leader ( died 1865 )
date unknown
Catherine Davies , royal governess and memoirist ( died c.1841 )
Joseph Harris ( Gomer ) , writer ( died 1825 )
Deaths
16 February - Sir John Wynn , 2nd Baronet , 71
21 July - Howell Harris , Methodist leader , 59
References
Wales
Wales
Etienne Camara ( born 30 March 2003 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for Huddersfield Town as a midfielder .
Career
Born in Noisy-le-Grand , France , Camara started his football career at US Torcy and Angers SCO , before moving to Huddersfield Town in October 2020 .
Camara made his senior debut for Huddersfield Town on 9 January 2021 , when he made a substitute appearance in their 3–2 FA Cup defeat against Plymouth Argyle .
On 13 August 2022 , Camara made his league debut as an 83rd minute substitute , replacing Sorba Thomas , in a 3-1 win against Stoke City at the John Smith 's Stadium .
References
2003 births
Living people
People from Noisy-le-Grand
French footballers
French sportspeople of Malian descent
Angers SCO players
US Torcy players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Association football midfielders
French expatriate footballers
French expatriates in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Al Basil High School for Superiors ( Arabic : ثانوية الباسل للمتفوقين ) is a High school that was founded in Sweida Syria ( also pronounced `` Swaida '' ) and in many other cities in Syria like Aleppo to provide secondary education excl
usively for superior students . Students are required to pass several exams after finishing elementary school in order to be enrolled .
References
http : //sy.geoview.info/mdrst_alshhyd_basl_alasd_llmtfwqyn,103482010w
http : //www.esyria.sy/esuweda/index.php ? p=stories & category=round & filename=201003211200042
Schools in Syria
Red Hill ( postcode : 2603 ) is a suburb of Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia . The suburb is named after the northernmost hill of the ridge to the west of the suburb . The ridge is a reserve and managed as part of the Canberra Nature Park . The hill is an element of the central Canberra design axis .
History
The name 'Red Hill ' was gazetted as a suburb name in 1928 . This was the name associated with the hill since the days of the early settlers and probably suggested by the red soil in the area . Streets are named after ships and explorers . Mugga Way is named after an Aboriginal word also associated with the locality since the days of the early settlers .
The hill was once part of the Narrabundah lease held by Charles Russell . He grazed sheep but as the suburb became built up , local pet dogs worried them and killed them . He changed to cattle and finally gave up the lease in 1992 .
The Red Hill Precinct or `` Old Red Hill '' is bounded by Mugga Way , Moresby Street , Arthur Circle , Monaro Crescent and Flinders Way . The major streets of this area were included in an outline plan for the early development of Canberra prepared by Walter Burley Griffin in 1918 . Its streetscape and landscape character reflect 1920s garden city planning . It is listed by the ACT Heritage Council .
Residential land in the suburb of Red Hill was offered for sale in the first Canberra land auction conducted on 12 December 1924 . By 1929 , 22 houses had been built and by 1955 there were 64 houses .
Other sites in Red Hill listed by the ACT Heritage Council are :
Calthorpes ' House .
The Royal Australian Institute of Architects Headquarters , 2a Mugga Way , which was designed by Bryce Mortlock of the Sydney firm , Ancher , Mortlock and Woolley in 1967 .
The Canberra Grammar School , which was built between 1929 and 1939 in the Inter-war Gothic style .
145 Mugga Way . According to the ACT Heritage Council , the house is considered to be an `` excellent example of the late twentieth century Sydney Regional style of architecture by Allen Jack+Cottier ( Russell Jack ) who are considered to be key practitioners in the style . ''
Red Hill Camp . A Ngunnawal campsite from the 1940s at the intersection of Flinders Way , Durville Crescent and Hayes Crescent .
Suburb amenities
Canberra Nature Park : Red Hill
Red Hill 's most important recreational area is the hill itself . From the Canberra Times Letters to the Editor in May 2000 one resident said :
`` Most Sundays I walk on the slopes of Red Hill in bush that is not pristine , not especially beautiful , but that is there close to where I live , a bit of bush rather than town earth and rock , not bitumen . There is a variety of birds , a miscellany of trees , some of them exotics , a range of weedy but pretty flowers , no doubt snakes , and certainly kangaroos . Ironically , a month ago I saw more kangaroos ( a mob of 14 ) on Red Hill in the centre of Canberra than I saw subsequently during the entirety of a 16-day tour of the Red Centre . This Red Hill bush it ca n't be called wilderness makes Canberra a better place to live for the many people who do walk there and enjoy its qualities. ``
Schools
Red Hill has a local public primary school and a government pre school located in the same building complex . The Red Hill School is an accredited IB World School . There is also a Catholic primary school , St Bede 's Primary School , and the Canberra Grammar School , an Anglican school for boys and girls , and a French-Australian preschool .
Red Hill residents get preference for :
Depending on the address : Red Hill Primary or Forrest Primary
Telopea Park School ( for high school )
Narrabundah College
Notable places
Calthorpes ' House
Calthorpes ' House at 24 Mugga Way was built in 1927 by Harry Calthorpe , stock and station agent with the firm Woodgers & Calthorpe . Designed by the architectural firm of Oakley and Parkes , the house displays many characteristics of the Spanish Mission style . The family ( Harry , his wife Del and two daughters , Del and Dawn ) lived together in the house throughout the Depression and Second World War , when both girls married . After Harry 's death in 1950 , his wife continued to live in the house , mostly alone . While friends and neighbours redecorated their houses , she is elder never did . After her death in 1979 , it was recognised that an opportunity existed to preserve a house that related to Canberra 's early years in staggering completeness , and the Australian Commonwealth Government bought the house , its garden and the house 's contents from the two daughters in 1984 .
The Australian Institute of Architects in its register of significant 20th-century architecture says the building is a rare , relatively unchanged example of a 1920s Australian home . Noting that it encapsulates family life of the time , it also points to the interior design and clinical appearance of the kitchen and bathroom , which `` heralded the new social era '' .
Boxford
A suburban garden named Boxford designed by Polly Park was divided into six separate sections , each reflecting the garden history and culture of a different part of the world . One of the gardens is in the Japanese style ; another features a fountain inspired by chapel of Oscar Niemeyer in garden derived from the ideas of Burle Marx a Brazilian garden designer . The garden has been listed on the ACT Heritage Register , and it was featured in Burke 's Backyard .
Despite its heritage listing the garden was destroyed by new owners .
Major roads
The main access to the suburb from the south is from Hindmarsh Drive onto either Mugga Way or Dalrymple Street . The main roads through the suburb are La Perouse Street , Flinders Way and Monaro Crescent . The suburb 's roads are named after ships and explorers .
Demographics
The first families moved to the suburb of Red Hill in 1927 and by 1933 the suburb had a population of 132 people . Its population peaked in 1971 with 4,100 residents . At the , Red Hill had a population of 3,146 , little changed from its population of 3,170 in 2016 , 3,249 in 2011 and 3,143 in 2006 and 3,062 in 2001 . The population number has changed little over the last 30 years : in 2001 there were 16 fewer people than in 1996 ; 32 more people than in 1991 .
The median age was 42 years ; an increase over the median age of 39 recorded in the 2006 census and 37 years recorded in both the 1996 and 1991 censuses .
The mean household size was 2.8 persons .
In the 2021 census , 79.1 % of dwellings were separate houses , 7.3 % were semi detached , row or terrace houses and townhouses and 13.4 % were flats , units or apartments .
Of all occupied private dwellings in the 2021 census , 39.2 % were fully owned , 35.8 % were being purchased and 21.8 % were being rented .
Politics
Red Hill is located within the federal electorate of Canberra , which is currently represented by Alicia Payne in the House of Representatives . In the ACT Legislative Assembly , Red Hill is part of the electorate of Kurrajong , which elects five members on the basis of proportional representation , currently two Labor , two Greens and one Liberal . Polling place statistics are shown to the right for the Red Hill polling place at Red Hill School in the 2022 federal and 2020 ACT elections .
Geography
The Red Hill ridge forms the south-west boundary of the suburb . The ridge separates the central Canberra valley from Woden Valley . The northernmost peak is Red Hill , the Davidson Trig is on the middle point , and Mount Mugga is on the southernmost point of the ridge across Hindmarsh Drive .
The suburb occupies 4.87 km² and has a population density of 634/km² .
Geology
The Red Hill ridge is said by geologists to be an `` erosion residual '' resulting from metamorphisis of sedimentary rock . The Yarralumla Formation sediments were toughened by thermal metamorphism from a small granite intrusion to the south thereby providing the resistant core of the ridge . The granite is deeply weathered and does not outcrop but is evident by the smooth slopes and deep red soils on the lower slopes to the north-west by the road to the Federal Golf Course . This intrusion is known as Federal Golf Course Tonalite . It is dated at 417±8 Mya . It is completely crystalline with mineral content of plagioclase , hornblende , biotite and interstitial quartz and no potash feldspar .
The type of red soil is known as terra rossa .
Rock location summary
Mount Painter Volcanics dark grey to green grey dacitic tuff is found in all except the west . This includes most of the built-up area . Yarralumla formation outcrops on Red Hill down to Mugga Way . The Federal Golf Course hanging off the west side of Red Hill also counts as part of the suburb . It has a Silurian tonalite intrusion under the whole course referred to as granite above .
References
External links
Topographic map ( pdf ) of the Red Hill component of the Canberra nature park
Calthorpes ' House at Google Cultural Institute
Obituary of Charles Russell , leaseholder of Red Hill , published by Jerrabomberra Volunteer Bushfire & Emergency Service Brigade
Calthorpes ' House - official site
Boxford garden web site
Suburbs of Canberra
