Hermann Ruissel or Herman Ruissel ( c. 1360 - c. 1420 ) was a medieval Parisian goldsmith who crafted jewelry for the King of France and other persons of high rank .
From 1385 to 1389 Ruissel crafted jewellery mainly for Philip the Bold.After 1389 he also executed works for Charles VI of France and his brother Louis I , Duke of Orléans and Louis 's wife Valentina Visconti , Duchess of Orléans . From 1390 , he held the court title of Valet de chambre to Charles VI .
Among Ruissel 's early works is the Three Brothers , created in 1389 for Philip 's eventual successor John the Fearless . The Brothers ( now lost ) were for a time part of the Crown Jewels of England . The piece consisted of three rectangular red spinels of 70 carats each in a triangular arrangement , separated by three round white pearls of 10-20 carats each , with another pearl suspended from the lowest spinel . The middle of the pendant was a deep blue diamond cut as a pyramid or octahedron , and weighing about 30 carats .
Charles VI commissioned 32 works by Ruissel . 17 of these commissions stipulated that a duplicate of the work be made for his younger brother , Louis I , Duke of Orléans , as a gift .
Ruissel made 18 gold buttons decorated with broom flowers and heraldic mottos for the 1396 marriage of Isabella of Valois to King Richard II of England .
In 1400 , Ruissel was commissioned to make a large image of the Trinity for Charles , using jewels – scores of pearls , and also diamonds , rubies , and sapphires – taken from a brooch in the form of a white-enameled golden hart and large golden collar which Richard II had given to Charles , and which Charles had had disassembled and melted down shortly after Richard 's 1400 deposition and death .
Ruissel also made the piece now known as the Calvary of King Matthias Corvinus , a crucifix executed in gold , white enamel , pearls , and other gems , made using the Ronde-bosse technique . Margaret III , Countess of Flanders , commissioned the work as a gift celebrating the New Year in 1403 for her husband , Phillip the Bold . It is now in the treasury of Esztergom Basilica in Hungary .
For Henry V of England Ruissel created a golden necklace with white enamel bears , which were one of Henry 's heraldic devices . The necklace was later gifted to Sigismund of Luxembourg , King of Germany and Hungary , on the occasion of his visit to England in 1416 .
References
1300s births
French goldsmiths
Artists from Paris
Safety Geeks : SVI was a comedy webseries released in 2009 that depicted the absurd events around a procedural investigation team . The Professional Occupational Safety Hazard ( P.O.S.H . ) team fallaciously investigates safety violations and accidents . They are in fact `` idiots '' and as a result of their inept , well-meaning service , they cause considerable additional damage .
The show incorporated over 1400 composite effect shots . It featured Brittney Powell , Tom Konkle , David Beeler , Benton Jennings , Mary Cseh , Steve Tom , Jim Woods , Mark Teich , Ransford Doherty . A single season and eleven episodes were filmed . A 3D version of the show was released in 2010 .
The show was nominated for a Streamy webseries award in 2010 for `` Best Visual Effects in a Web Series . ''
References
External links
American comedy web series
Qush Aghel ( , also Romanized as Qūsh Āghel ; also known as Qūshābād ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 135 , in 33 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Harper is an unincorporated community in Logan County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
Harper was laid out in 1851 around the time the railroad was extended to that point . A post office called Harper was established in 1856 , and remained in operation until 1934 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County , Ohio
1851 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1851
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Trial & Error is an American sitcom television series created by Jeff Astrof and Matt Miller for NBC and produced by Warner Bros. Television . It stars Nicholas D'Agosto , Jayma Mays , Steven Boyer , and Sherri Shepherd . The series , which spoofs documentaries and reality legal shows , follows New York City lawyer Josh Segal ( D'Agosto ) and his eccentric local associates ( Boyer and Shepherd ) as they represent accused local citizens in the fictional small town of East Peck , South Carolina . Recurring guests were Krysta Rodriguez and John Lithgow in season 1 , and Kristin Chenoweth and Amanda Payton in season 2 .
The first season premiered on March 14 , 2017 . On May 20 , 2017 , NBC renewed the series for a 10-episode second season . Both seasons have received positive critical reception . The series was officially cancelled on January 16 , 2019 , after NBC decided against renewing it for a third season in August 2018 and Warner Bros. failed to find a new broadcaster .
Premise
The series is a comedic legal mockumentary about a young bright-eyed New York lawyer , Josh Segal , who settles in the fictional , small Southern town of East Peck , South Carolina with an oddball defense team that solves cases from behind a taxidermy shop . In the first season , they defend a compulsively eccentric poetry professor , Larry Henderson who is accused of the bizarre murder of his beloved wife . The case becomes challenging because his client is always making himself look guilty . The second season is subtitled `` Lady Killer '' and centers on the defense of Lavinia Peck-Foster , the town 's beloved debutante who has been accused of murdering her husband . The prosecutor on each case is assistant DA Carol Anne Keane , a young lawyer determined to use the cases to raise her profile , and with whom Josh has sporadic sexual encounters .
Cast and characters
Main
Nicholas D'Agosto as Josh Segal , a defense lawyer from New York who finds his first experience of murder trials in East Peck , South Carolina . He has to put up with the antics of his team members much to his chagrin . He becomes involved in a love triangle between Carol Anne and Nina during Season 2 .
Jayma Mays as Carol Anne Keane , Assistant District Attorney of East Peck and Josh 's rival as well as love interest . She becomes pregnant in Season 2 , expecting a baby by an unknown father .
Steven Boyer as Dwayne Reed , Josh 's lead investigator and a former police officer in East Peck . He rejoins the police force in Season 2 , while simultaneously working for the defense team .
Sherri Shepherd as Anne Flatch , Josh 's assistant/head researcher who has rare and bizarre disorders .
Krysta Rodriguez as Summer Henderson ( season 1 ) , the daughter of Larry Henderson who later joins Josh 's team . Like Josh , she is serious and the least nonsensical of the group .
John Lithgow as Larry Henderson ( season 1 ) , a poetry professor and the suspect on trial for the murder of his wife .
Amanda Payton as Nina Rudolph ( season 2 ) , a stylish podcast host who moves to East Peck from New York to follow the trial of Lavinia Peck Foster and ends up tangled in a love triangle .
Kristin Chenoweth as Lavinia Peck-Foster ( season 2 ) , an eccentric heiress of East Peck . She hires Josh and his associates after finding her husband stuffed in a suitcase in the back of her car .
Recurring
Bob Gunton as Jeremiah Jefferson Davis , a tobacco businessman , Margaret 's brother , and hence Larry 's brother-in-law .
Cristine Rose as Josie Jefferson Davis , the quiet , alcoholic wife of Jeremiah and the sister-in-law of Larry and Margaret Henderson .
Angel Parker as Heidi Baker , a local TV journalist who reports on the investigation of Larry Henderson .
Dave Allen as Dave , a taxidermist who owns a shop next to Josh 's office .
Kevin Daniels as Alfonzo Prefontaine , Larry 's fitness trainer and lover .
Patricia Belcher as E. Horsedich ( pronounced Hi-sen-dich , with a soft `` c '' on the last syllable ) , the judge who presides over the case of People v. Larry Henderson .
Kevin Durand as Rutger Hiss , a local police officer who leads the investigation of Larry Henderson . Despite his comatose state , he is elected mayor of East Peck in Season 2 .
Julie Hagerty as Madame Rhonda , a pet psychic who later becomes Juror 9 in the trial of People v. Larry Henderson .
Michael Hitchcock as Jesse Ray Beaumont ( season 2 ) , a horologist that was tried and convicted for the murder of Lavinia 's brother Chet nine years ago .
Joel McCrary as Alexander Kamiltow ( season 2 ) , the judge for Lavinia 's trial . Unlike Horsedich , his name is pronounced the way it is spelled . After trying to stop a chaotic outburst in Jesse Ray Beaumont 's trial , he lost his voice , and now speaks in unintelligible gibberish , yet everyone but Josh understands him perfectly .
Shannon Chan-Kent as Clem Tuckett ( season 2 ) , an anchorwoman covering the investigation of Lavinia Peck-Foster .
Serge Houde as Milton The Houseboy ( season 2 ) , Lavinia 's loyal manservant and long-suffering confidante .
Jaleel White as Atticus Ditto , Jr. ( season 2 ) , the prosecutor who took over Beaumont 's first Trial when Carol Anne was removed , and Carol Anne 's rival for the D.A . election .
Andy Thompson as Dr Rock n ' Law ( season 2 ) , Beaumont 's defense attorney in his original trial , and aspiring rock musician .
Guest
Andrew Daly as Thom Hinkle , a DNA expert who suffers from a bizarre type of OCD . It is revealed in season 2 that he is now decommissioned because of his bizarre OCD .
Marla Gibbs as Mrs. Kratt , Larry 's antipathetic neighbor .
Fred Melamed as Howard Mankiewicz , a founding partner of the firm where Josh works .
Andie MacDowell as Margaret Henderson , Larry 's deceased wife whose murder becomes the subject of the first season of the mockumentary .
Adam Campbell as Dr. Shinewell , veterinarian/OBGYN for East Peck
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2017 )
Season 2 : Lady , Killer ( 2018 )
Production
Development
In August 2015 , it was announced that NBC had given the production , then titled The Trial , a put pilot commitment . The episode was set to be written and executive produced by Jeff Astrof and Matt Miller , from Warner Bros. Television . The following January , NBC gave the production an official pilot order , with Jeffrey Blitz set to direct the pilot episode . In May 2016 , the production received a series order from NBC , now titled Trial & Error , with Barge Productions and Good Session Productions also serving as production companies . The first season premiered on March 14 , 2017 .
On May 20 , 2017 , Trial & Error was renewed for a second season consisting of ten episodes . The season features the subtitle Lady , Killer , and premiered on July 19 , 2018 . On August 7 , 2018 , NBC 's option to renew the series for a potential third season had expired , with the rights reverting to Warner Bros. Television . Although the main cast 's contracts had yet to expire , the series was being shopped around to other networks and streaming services . The series was officially cancelled on January 16 , 2019 after Warner Bros. failed to find a new broadcaster for the series . Warner Bros. remained `` open to continuing the series should an opportunity arise in the future . ''
Casting
In February 2016 , it was announced that Steven Boyer , John Lithgow , Sherri Shepherd , Jayma Mays , Nicholas D'Agosto , and Krysta Rodriguez had joined the main cast of the pilot . The main cast all returned for the second season , except Lithgow , who only had a single season commitment to the series , and Rodriguez . NBC chairman Bob Greenblatt felt there was the potential for Lithgow to appear in a couple episodes of the second season , though his eventual appearances were by way of archived footage from the first season . Kristin Chenoweth was cast in February 2018 as the new character accused of murder and set to stand trial . Amanda Payton also joins the cast for the second season as the host of a podcast covering the new trial .
Filming
The second season filmed from March 19 to May 22 , 2018 , in Vancouver , after the first season was filmed in Burbank , California .
Broadcast
Internationally , the series was acquired in Australia by the Seven Network where it premiered on April 30 , 2017 , and in New Zealand by TVNZ .
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes , the first season has an approval rating of 86 % based on 35 reviews , with an average rating of 6.85/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` Trial & Error hilariously parodies the true-crime genre with consistent laughs , irreverently funny 'stupid humor , ' and animated characters who populate the show 's dependably entertaining narratives . '' On Metacritic , the first season has a score of 67 out of 100 , based on 29 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
On Rotten Tomatoes , the second season has an approval rating of 91 % based on 11 reviews , with an average rating of 7.78/10 . The sites critical consensus reads , `` As a quirky courtroom satire Trial & Error continues to delight , but its best motion may be allowing the singular Kristin Chenoweth to shine in all of her whimsically manic glory as the titular Lady , Killer '' . On Metacritic , the second season has a score of 76 out of 100 , based on 11 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
Ratings
Season 1 ( 2017 )
Season 2 ( 2018 )
Accolades
References
External links
2010s American mockumentary television series
2010s American surreal comedy television series
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2017 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
2010s American legal television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television shows set in South Carolina
The Magic Encyclopedia , Volume One and Volume Two are two accessories for Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game , published in 1992 . It was compiled for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons , 2nd edition .
Contents
The Magic Encyclopedia is a two-volume product , an index of virtually every magical item from virtually every TSR rulebook , accessory , and magazine , listing roughly 5,500 magic items spread out over the two volumes in the series . The book alphabetizes the items into general categories , listing their experience point values , costs , and original appearances ; also included is a complete list of TSR 's role-playing products published from 1974 up to that time .
Volume One contains items from A-G. Volume Two contains items from H-Z .
Publication history
Magic Encyclopedia , Volume One was by Connie Rae Henson and Dale `` Slade '' Henson , and published by TSR , Inc .
Reception
Rick Swan reviewed Magic Encyclopedia , Volume One for Dragon magazine # 190 ( February 1993 ) . Swan considered The Magic Encyclopedia `` a product that 's long overdue '' , calling it `` quite a collection '' . He considered that the complete list of TSR 's role-playing products `` may be worth the price of admission to hardcore collectors '' . However , he noted that `` Since no descriptions are provided for individual items , the Magic Encyclopedia is less useful to new players than to old-timers who have access to a sizeable TSR library . Only the marketing department knows why it was necessary to publish this in two volumes '' , concluding that players would be unlikely to just want the items from one part of the alphabet .
Reviews
White Wolf # 36 , 40
References
1992 books
Dungeons & Dragons sourcebooks
Robert Huber ( born 1937 ) is a German biochemist .
Robert Huber may also refer to :
Robert Huber ( engineer ) ( 1901–1995 ) , Swiss engineer
Robert Huber ( footballer ) ( born 1975 ) , Swiss footballer
Robert Huber ( rower ) ( 1906–1942 ) , German Olympic rower
Robert Huber ( sport shooter ) ( 1878–1946 ) , Finnish sport shooter
Robert J. Huber ( 1922–2001 ) , American politician and businessman
Robert T. Huber ( 1920–1991 ) , American politician
The Journal News is a newspaper in New York State serving the New York counties of Westchester , Rockland , and Putnam , a region known as the Lower Hudson Valley . It is owned by Gannett .
The Journal News was created through a merger of several daily community newspapers serving the lower Hudson , which had previously been organized under the Gannett Suburban Newspapers umbrella ; the earliest ancestor of the paper dates to 1852 . Although the current newspaper 's name comes from the Rockland Journal-News , which was based in West Nyack , New York , and served Rockland County , the Rockland Journal-News was actually the third-largest newspaper that Gannett merged to create the larger newspaper . The Reporter Dispatch from White Plains , New York , and the Herald Statesman in Yonkers were larger and served Westchester County .
For years prior to the October 12 , 1998 , merger that created The Journal News , ten of the newspapers shared some content and printing presses , although the Rockland Journal-News , formerly The Journal-News , the Rockland County Evening Journal and the Nyack Evening Journal , operated its own full composing room and printing press until fall 1996 . The Rockland Journal-News had an independent staff of editors , writers , photographers , an artist , etc. , from the time of the 1964 purchase by Gannett until the 1996-1998 consolidation period . In that , there was a fierce independence that led to exceptional reporting and photography on both sides of the Hudson River .
Gannett acquired nine of the newspapers in 1964 from the Macy family and added The Star in Peekskill , New York in 1985 . These newspapers previously appeared on newsstands in the evening . In 1989 , Gannett created a morning edition for Putnam County , Westchester , and the Bronx called The Sunrise , but it folded after a year . Today , The Journal News appears in the morning like other New York dailies .
History
Newspapers that merged in 1998 to create The Journal News :
Rockland Journal-News ( West Nyack )
The Citizen Register ( Ossining )
The Daily Argus ( Mount Vernon )
The Daily Item ( Port Chester )
The Daily News ( Tarrytown )
The Daily Times ( Mamaroneck )
The Herald Statesman ( Yonkers )
The Patent Trader ( Mount Kisco ) ( itself the product of a 1956 merger of Northern Westchester papers ) was subsequently acquired by Gannett and folded in 2007 .
The Reporter Dispatch ( White Plains )
The Standard-Star ( New Rochelle )
The Star ( Peekskill )
The Journal News successfully launched Putnam Magazine and Rockland Magazine in 2005 , and Scarsdale Magazine ( originally InTown Scarsdale ) in early 2006 .
In 2005 , The Journal News expanded its Custom Publishing division and began publishing a series of suburban lifestyle magazines about the Lower Hudson Valley region . The first of these publications was InTown , which covered the Westchester market with hyper-local editions targeting different regions of the county : In late 2006 , these numerous editions were all consolidated into one county-wide publication , InTown Westchester , which publishes 10 times a year .
Bronxville/Tuckahoe/Eastchester
Larchmont/Mamaroneck
Northern Westchester ( Bedford , Chappaqua , Katonah , Mount Kisco )
River Towns ( Dobbs Ferry , Hastings , Irvington , Tarrytown )
Rye/Harrison/Purchase
Scarsdale
White Plains
The Journal News also publishes five ultra-local community weekly Express newspapers serving Northern Westchester , Putnam , Yorktown/Cortlandt , Sound Shore , and White Plains as well as the Review Press , a weekly newspaper covering Bronxville , Eastchester , and Tuckahoe .
The Journal News '' ' website , LoHud.com , features daily news updates , more than 40 blogs , as well as Varsity Insider , an online source for varsity sports , featuring rosters , schedules , and statistic for high school teams throughout the Lower Hudson Valley region .
On March 7 , 2010 The Journal News closed its press and outsourced printing .
On August 7 , 2013 , the newspaper laid off 26 staff members , including 17 journalists , and its editor , Caryn McBride .
In February 2022 , The Journal News ran an advertisement for an upcoming article on the East Ramapo Central School District , which Agudath Israel of America condemned as reproducing classic antisemitic tropes similar to those found in the Protocols of the Elders of Zion . The Anti-Defamation League 's New York / New Jersey branch also condemned the advertisement , stating that it `` draws from the worst of millennia-old antisemitic tropes about Jews '' .
2012–2013 pistol permit map controversy
On December 22 , 2012 , The Journal News published an interactive map showing the names , addresses and home locations of all pistol permit holders licensed in Westchester and Rockland Counties . The newspaper was sharply criticized by both residents of Westchester and Rockland Counties as well as by major , national news organizations . Despite this , the newspaper 's editor and vice president , CynDee Royle , said that they had sought to publish even more detailed information to which the counties had denied them access , and the paper sued neighboring Putnam County , which refused to provide similar information .
The following day , blogger Christopher Fountain published the names and addresses of the staffers of The Journal News . The newspaper and some of its staff responded by hiring armed security , a move that critics called hypocritical considering the paper 's anti-gun stance .
Rockland County law enforcement officers condemned the map , saying that it endangered lives , including those of corrections officers . Several newspapers also published reports of victims of domestic violence , rape , or other violent crimes who reported that their attackers now had possession of their addresses as their names were published online .
As a result of the publication , protests were held at the State Capitol in Albany , and the New York State Legislature passed a law allowing gun owners in the state to opt out of having their identifying information be available to the public . This catalyzed other states across the country to pass similar privacy measures.Newsday reported that police were investigating if The Journal News pistol permit map played a role in a burglary in White Plains , New York . According to police , at least two burglars broke into a home on January 12 , 2013 but were unsuccessful in an attempt to open a gun safe , which contained legally owned weapons . Police were investigating what role , if any , the Journal News database played in the burglars ' decision to target the home .
On January 19 , 2013 , the newspaper removed the interactive map , although the information it contained was subsequently leaked on the Internet .
Notable people
Former contributors :
Irving Brecher – sportswriter for Yonkers Herald
Michael Gallagher – investigative reporter
References
External links
Official website .
Magazines published by The Journal News '' :
Daily newspapers published in New York ( state )
Westchester County , New York
Gannett publications
Rockland County , New York
Publications established in 1852
1852 establishments in New York ( state )
The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species is a book by Charles Darwin first published in 1877 . It is the fifth of his six books devoted solely to the study of plants ( excluding The Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication ) .
Context
These writings contributed to Darwin 's pursuit of evidence that would support his theory of natural selection . There were only two more books to follow : The Power of Movement in Plants ( 1880 ) and The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms ( 1881 ) . He conducted a wide range of experiments and observations and the results of these form the framework of the book . He was assisted in this work by his son , Francis Darwin who also wrote a preface for the second edition which was published two years after his father 's death in 1882 . The book was dedicated to his longtime friend and colleague , Harvard botany professor Asa Gray `` as a small tribute of respect and affection '' .
The work
Using the four classifications established by Carl Linnaeus ( hermaphroditic , monoecious , dioecious , polygamous ) , Darwin concentrated on two divisions of the hermaphroditic class , namely the cleistogamic and heterostyled .
Darwin 's reflections indicate the economy of nature through a process of gradual modification of plants , their structures being modified and degraded for the purpose of the large scale production of seed which is necessary and advantageous for survival . Darwin states ( p. 227 ) : `` Cleistogamic flowers ... are admirably fitted to yield a copious supply of seed at a wonderfully small cost to the plant . ''
Francis Darwin indicated that the work on heterostylism had given his father extreme pleasure , especially as it had been one of the most puzzling bits of work he ever carried out . Darwin thought that hardly anyone had seen the full importance of heterostylism .
Summary .
In 1883 , Alfred Russel Wallace wrote a tribute to Darwin ( entitled 'The Debt of Science to Darwin ' ) who had died the year before . One such tribute appeared in 'The Century ' , an illustrated monthly magazine . As part of this article he included a summary of Darwin 's work relating to this book ( p. 428 ) :
`` The cowslip ( Primula veris ) has two kinds of flowers in nearly equal proportions : in the one the stamens are long and the style short , and in the other the reverse , so that in one the stamens are visible at the mouth of the tube of the flower , in the other the stigma occupies the same place , while the stamens are halfway down the tube . The fact had been known to botanists for 70 years , but had been classed as a case of mere variability , and therefore considered to be of no importance . In 1860 Darwin set to find out what it meant , since , according to his views , a definite variation like this must have a purpose . After a considerable amount of observation and experiment , he found that bees and moths visited the flowers , and that their proboscis become covered with pollen while sucking up the nectar , and further , the pollen of a long stamened plant would most surely be deposited on the stigma of the long styled plants , and vice versa . Now followed a long series of experiments , in which cowslips were fertilised with either pollen from the same kind or from a different kind of flower , and the invariable result was that the crosses between the two different types of flowers produced more good capsules , and more seed in each capsule ; and as these crosses would be most frequently effected by insects , it was clear that this curious arrangement directly served to increase the fertility of this common plant . The same thing was found to occur in the primrose , as well as in flax ( Linum perenne ) , lungworts ( Pulmonaria ) , and a host of other plants , including the American partridge-berry ( Mitchella repens ) . These are called dimorphic heterostyled plants .
Still more extraordinary is the case of the common loosestrife ( Lythrum salicaria ) , which has both stamens and styles of three distinct lengths , each flower having two sets of stamens and one style , all of different lengths , and arranged in three different ways :
A short style , with six medium and six long stamens ;
A medium style , with six short and six long stamens ;
A long style , with six medium and six short stamens .
These flowers can be fertilised in eighteen distinct ways , necessitating a vast number of experiments , the result being , as in the case of the cowslip , that flowers fertilised by the pollen from stamens of the same length as the styles , gave on the average a larger number of capsules and a very much larger number of seeds than in any other case . The exact correspondence in the length of the style of each form with that of one set of stamens in the other form insures that the pollen attached to any part of the body of an insect shall be applied to a style of the same length on another plant , and there is thus a triple chance of the maximum of fertility .... There is thus the clearest proof that these complex arrangements have the important end of securing both a more abundant and more vigorous offspring . ”
Observations and experiments still continue today to further the understanding of this phenomenon instigated by Darwin in this original and seminal work .
References
Darwin , Charles . 1877 . The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species . John Murray , London .
Darwin , Francis . [ c. 1884 ] . [ Preliminary draft of ] 'Reminiscences of My Father 's Everyday Life ' . CUL-DAR140.3.1—159 Transcribed by Robert Brown ( Darwin Online , http : //darwin-online.org.uk/ ) .
Wallace , Alfred R. 1883 . 'The Debt of Science to Darwin ' in 'The Century ' , in Vol XXV ; new series volume III – pages 420 – 432
External links
1877 non-fiction books
Books by Charles Darwin
Biology books
Botany books
English-language books
The Woodward Commission may refer to :
Aboriginal Land Rights Commission , chaired by Edward Woodward
Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking , chaired by Philip Woodward
See also
John Woodward ( lawyer ) , chairman of the NSW Office of The Commissioners of Inquiry for Environment and Planning
The violet-breasted sunbird ( Cinnyris chalcomelas ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is found in Kenya and Somalia .
References
violet-breasted sunbird
Birds of East Africa
violet-breasted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The death of Christine Dacera occurred in the early hours of New Year 's Day of 2021 , when Dacera was found unconscious in a bathtub in a hotel in Makati , Metro Manila , Philippines . Dacera was a flight attendant for PAL Express who was based in Manila , Philippines . She was declared `` dead on arrival '' at around 12:25 p.m. ( PHT ) after she was rushed to Makati Medical Center . Initially reported as rape and homicide case , Dacera 's death certificate listed the cause of death as an aortic aneurysm , a form of aortic dissection ; however , the Dacera family believed that Dacera was raped and disputed the medico-legal report . In an investigation , eleven men who were with Dacera before her death have been described by authorities as `` persons of interest '' . The rape and homicide charges filed against the men were later dismissed due to lack of evidence , as well as all other cases filed against Dacera 's mother , the lawyers of both parties , and the Philippine National Police medico-legal officer , respectively . Dacera 's death gained widespread media attention as a result of suspicious circumstances which appeared to contradict the findings of the Philippine National Police .
Christine Dacera
Christine Angelica Faba Dacera ( ; April 13 , 1997 – January 1 , 2021 ) was a Filipina flight attendant for the Philippine Airlines subsidiary PAL Express . The second of the four siblings , she graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in media arts from the University of the Philippines Mindanao in Davao City . Although hailing from General Santos , Dacera was based in Manila due to career exigencies at PAL Express .
Investigation
On December 31 , 2020 , at 11:37 pm , Dacera had asked her mother for her blessing to celebrate the New Year with her co-workers at the City Garden Grand Hotel in Makati . She was taken to Makati Medical Center on January 1 , 2021 , and was declared dead on arrival .
According to officials from Makati Police Station , timestamped CCTV footage recovered from the morning of Dacera 's death indicates that the woman and several suspects were together , celebrating the New Year , several hours before the incident took place . Two of Dacera 's friends who appeared in the footage have since stated that they are gay , and `` would not do any harm to her '' . At roughly noon on January 1 , Dacera 's body was found in a bathtub in room 2207 of the City Garden Grand Hotel . According to police , several bruises were found on Christine 's body , and there were indications that Dacera was abused . In an autopsy , no signs of being choked or beaten on the head were found .
The police initially reported her case as a `` rape-slay '' but according to the autopsy report conducted by the coroner , Police Major Michael Nick Sarmiento , Dacera died from ruptured aortic aneurysm . Police stated that the cause of death could have been natural ; however , lacerations on her thighs , contusions on her knees , and scratches were found on Dacera 's body . Lacerations and sperm were also found in her genitalia , indicating that there was sexual contact prior to Dacera 's death . On January 5 , 2021 , following the identification of several suspects the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) declared Dacera 's case `` solved '' , despite widespread claims of a lack of evidence and a `` botched '' investigation . On the same day , Philippine National Police chief Gen. Debold Sinas threatened to hunt down the suspects of Dacera 's death if they did not surrender themselves within three days . A second autopsy has since been conducted on Dacera 's body , but the results remain confidential .
On January 7 , 2021 , the PNP admitted that they had presently not collected sufficient evidence to adequately investigate the circumstances and possible perpetrators of Dacera 's death . On January 10 , the National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) obtained bodily fluid from Dacera 's remains from the second autopsy , conducted on January 9 . The samples are yet to be subjected to a DNA test . On the same day , the PNP said that they identified the eight participants in the room 2207 , where the death and the events of the evening transpired .
On January 27 , 2021 , the Philippine National Police released a medico-legal report indicating that Dacera died of natural causes , particularly aortic aneurysm , ruling out homicide ; however , Dacera 's family disputed the results . In response , on January 29 , Salvador Panelo chastised the Dacera camp , saying , `` You do n't go on a crusade for justice for a crime that had n't even taken place , punishing innocent people along the way . That 's wrong . My goodness ! ''
On April 23 , 2021 , the Makati Prosecutor 's Office dismissed the rape and homicide cases filed against the 11 respondents due to lack of evidence . On February 7 , 2022 , all related cases against the respondents , Dacera 's mother Sharon , the lawyers of both parties , and Philippine National Police medico-legal officer PMaj . Michael Nick Sarmiento , respectively , were dismissed .
Investigation of City Garden Grand Hotel
The City Garden Grand Hotel was investigated for possible violations of the regulations related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic , specifically regarding a provision that only two people are permitted to check into a room . The Department of Tourism subsequently revoked the hotel 's permit to operate , suspended the hotel 's accreditation for six months , and fined the hotel on January 14 .
Reactions and aftermath
PAL Express expressed sympathy in a press release for the death of Dacera . Human rights lawyer Chel Diokno said that the death penalty for heinous crimes , such as the presumed rape and murder , is not the solution , but nonetheless pressed for justice for Dacera and her family . On January 6 , Dacera 's wake was first held privately in Pasay , and later in Camp Crame , Quezon City . Her remains aboard a Philippine Airlines Airbus A330 operating as flight PR453 , arrived in General Santos at 10:00 am on January 7 . Dacera was laid to rest in General Santos on January 10 .
Dacera 's death sparked not only online calls for justice , but also condemnation both of what had been automatically assumed to be rape—based on the all-male composition of Dacera 's group—and of victim blaming . In response to netizens criticizing Dacera for the clothes she had worn that night and for her binge drinking , on January 4 , the hashtags # JusticeforChristineDacera , # StopVictimBlaming , # ProtectDrunkGirls , # MenAreTrash and # DeathPenalty trended on Twitter . Several public figures and celebrities , including television personality Bianca Gonzales , singer Kakie Pangilinan , and activist Francis Baraan , would apologize the next day for having spread inaccurate and misleading information regarding the case on Twitter on January 4 .
One of the PNP 's persons of interest , who had been forced out of the closet by the accusations and was subsequently disowned by his father , retorted to # StopVictimBlaming by posting on one of his social-media accounts footage of Dacera 's behavior toward him . Some sexual assault survivors have decried the weaponization of not only Dacera 's death , but also the sexual assault allegations made against her male friends for political leverage , leaving intact a system that enables the mentality that sexual assault is wrong , but only if one is caught . The case has been compared to the Vizconde and Chiong murder cases , as well criticized for having been a diversionary tactic meant to distract the public from issues plaguing law-enforcement . On March 25 , complaints of `` perjury , libel , cyber libel , slander , malicious prosecution , incriminating innocent persons , and intriguing against honor '' , as well as of `` unlawful arrest , illegal detention , unjust vexation and grave coercion '' , were lodged against a number of the accusers .
See also
Vizconde murders
Chiong murder case
Notes
References
2021 in law
2021 in the Philippines
Deaths by person in the Philippines
Deaths from aortic aneurysm
LGBT in the Philippines
False allegations of sex crimes
Law enforcement scandals
The 1978 International cricket season was from May 1978 to August 1978 .
Season overview
May
Pakistan in England
July
New Zealand in England
References
1978 in cricket
Only Human is a documentary shown on Channel 4 in the UK giving an insight into daily lives of people with various disabilities and special needs , as well as various other illnesses such as cancer and weight issues .
Episodes
Series 1 ( 2005 )
Series 2 ( 2006 )
Series 3 ( 2007 )
References
IMDB Listings for the Show
2005 British television series debuts
2007 British television series endings
2000s British documentary television series
Channel 4 documentary series
British television documentaries
English-language television shows
Radical 50 or radical turban ( ) meaning `` turban '' or `` scarf '' is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of three strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 295 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 40th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5DFE
050
040
Discovery Channel Germany is the German version of the Discovery Channel . It is operated by Warner Bros . Discovery Deutschland , which is located in Munich .
It was launched on 27 August 1996 on the DF1 satellite platform . Back then , the channel was a joint-venture between Kirch Media and Discovery Communications . After DF1 merged with Premiere World in 1999 , it remained on the new Premiere platform .
Kirch Media went bankrupt in 2002 and Discovery Communications subsequently became the sole owner of the channel .
The channel was later joined by sister channel with the launch on Animal Planet in 2004 , Discovery Geschichte in 2005 and Discovery HD in 2006 .
Discovery Channel was exclusively available through Premiere until 2009 , when a new agreement was entered between Premiere and Discovery . The new contract allows the Discovery Channel to broadcast from other providers from 1 July and means that Animal Planet and Discovery Geschichte would disappear from Premiere .
Audience share
Germany
References
External links
Official website
Television stations in Germany
Television stations in Austria
Television stations in Switzerland
German-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Mass media in Munich
Germany
Warner Bros . Discovery EMEA
Political Theory is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science . Lawrie Balfour ( University of Virginia ) has been the editor-in-chief since 2016 . From 2005 to 2012 the journal 's editor-in-chief was Mary G. Dietz ( Northwestern University ) ; she was succeeded by Jane Bennett ( Johns Hopkins University ) . Joshua Foa Dienstag ( University of California , Los Angeles ) , Elisabeth Ellis ( University of Otago , and Davide Panagia ( University of California , Los Angeles ) became editors in 2021 . The journal was established in 1973 and is published by SAGE Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 1.088 .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1973
Political philosophy journals
Bimonthly journals
Tanner Dieterich ( born May 4 , 1998 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder .
Career
Youth
After time with various youth teams in his native Tennessee , Dieterich spent time with both the Real Salt Lake academy in Arizona , and the IMG Academy in Florida .
College and amateur
Dieterich played four years of college soccer at Clemson University between 2016 and 2019 , making 75 appearances , scoring 9 goals and tallying 13 assists . He captained the Tigers for three seasons and in 2019 he was named Second Team All-ACC .
While playing at college , Dieterich appeared for NPSL side Nashville FC in 2016 , and in the USL PDL for Nashville SC U23 .
Professional
On January 9 , 2020 , Dieterich was selected 28th overall in the 2020 MLS SuperDraft by Nashville SC . On February 25 , 2020 , Dieterich signed with Nasville .
On August 6 , 2020 , Dieterich was loaned out to USL League One side Charlotte Independence for the remainder of the season . He made his professional debut on August 15 , 2020 , appearing as a 67th-minute substitute in a 1–0 loss to Greenville Triumph .
Dieterich 's contract with Nashville expired following the 2020 season .
References
External links
Clemson Tigers bio
1998 births
Living people
American soccer players
Soccer players from Tennessee
Sportspeople from Nashville , Tennessee
Association football midfielders
Clemson Tigers men 's soccer players
Nashville SC players
Chattanooga Red Wolves SC players
USL League One player
USL League Two players
Nashville SC draft picks
National Premier Soccer League players
United States men 's youth international soccer players
A raffee sail is a triangular topsail carried aboard certain sailing ships . Originally used in Ancient Rome to maneuver ships at sea , the raffee was eventually implemented as a downwind sail set below a square-rigged yard to fill in areas needed for light airs . In later pilot schooners , it was a triangular sail set above a yard from the masthead . Today a `` raffee '' is any square downwind sail set off the mast at a right angle .
References
Sailing rigs and rigging
Column 88 was a neo-Nazi paramilitary organisation based in the United Kingdom . It was formed in the early 1970s , and disbanded in the early 1980s . The members of Column 88 undertook military training under the supervision of a former Royal Marine Commando , and also held regular gatherings attended by neo-nazis from all over Europe . The name is code : the eighth letter of the alphabet 'HH ' represents the Nazi greeting 'Heil Hitler ' . Journalist Martin Walker described Column 88 as a `` shadow paramilitary Nazi group '' .
Formation
A secret Nazi underground group , the origins of Column 88 have been given as early as 1945 . Indeed , Gerry Gable has claimed that Colin Jordan was sworn in as a member of this secret society as a nineteen-year-old . According to historian Richard Thurlow , Column 88 took their name from a group of Austrians who set up an underground group of this name in 1934 when the Austrian government banned the Nazi Party .
Open activity , however , did not start until 1970 when it took charge of elements of the National Socialist Group , a secret paramilitary grouping associated with the British Movement . The founders of this more organised group had been followers of Colin Jordan who had become disillusioned with their former leader after he began to moderate his public utterances in the wake of the 1965 and 1968 Race Relations Acts . One of their major critiques of Jordan was his decision two years earlier to disband the National Socialist Movement in order to establish the British Movement , an action which they interpreted as a retreat from Nazism .
According to one report , `` Column 88 , was connected with the Gladio networks . These networks were set up after the Second World War , with the support of the US Central Intelligence Agency , by a number of powers , both within and outside NATO as anti-communist resistance bodies '' . According to another report , Major Ian Souter Clarence , a former Special Forces Officer , `` helped set up Column 88 in the 1960s as the British section of Gladio '' .
Leadership
The group 's military commander was Major Ian Souter Clarence who had served in the Black Watch during the Second World War before becoming active as a supporter of Arnold Leese . Stories about him stockpiling weapons had been known to MI5 from as early as 1946 . He organised a number of camps to provide combat training to Column 88 members . One such camp , held in November 1975 in conjunction with the League of St George , was reported in the well known UK anti-fascist Searchlight magazine where those in attendance included Brian Baldwin , a prison officer from Manchester , and Peter Marriner , the head of the British Movement in Birmingham .
The overall leader however was Leslie Eric Lutz Vaughan , a veteran of the British National Party and its paramilitary wing Spearhead . Vaughan was , according to Ray Hill , close to Anthony Reed Herbert in a professional capacity ( Herbert being a lawyer and Vaughan a private investigator ) and the work Vaughan put Herbert 's way ensured that Column 88 played a leading role in Herbert 's British Democratic Party . Indeed , following a World in Action report in 1981 detailing British Democratic Party attempts at gun-running Vaughan and Column 88 temporarily went into abeyance for fear of becoming implicated . Other leading members included Joe Short , who had been involved in David Myatt 's National Democratic Freedom Movement , Graham Gillmore , a mercenary and NF member and David Myatt .
Activities
Members of other more open far-right movements were recruited into Column 88 's ranks , with membership limited to those seen as the most extreme . Indeed , A.K . Chesterton , who had established the National Front , wrote in one of his final letters to John Tyndall expressing his concerns that NF members were becoming involved in Column 88 .
In the late 1970s , the organisation allegedly carried out several bomb attacks on left-wing British organisations , including
the Socialist Workers Party , the Anti-Nazi League and the left-wing Housmans bookshop , where the pacifist and anti-racist
magazine Peace News was published . Many suspected that this group were behind the arson attack that destroyed the Albany Empire in Deptford , south London in July 1978 during the Rock Against Racism campaign . Other bomb attacks that it was reported to have carried out included those against targets as diverse as the homes of Conservative Party members and transmission towers whilst the group also claimed a series of arson attacks on Jewish-owned businesses .
Column 88 first came to public attention in 1975 , when the regional British newspaper , the Western Daily Press , published accounts of Column 88 members training , in Savernake Forest , Wiltshire , with elements of the Territorial Army . This led to a question being asked , by a Member of Parliament , in the House of Commons , and to other reports in British newspapers , such as The Guardian . The British anti-fascist magazine , Searchlight , also published articles about Column 88 in May 1975 , and May 1976 .
Infiltration of the Army Cadet Force was also organised by Column 88 . Column 88 was also said to have been involved in the establishment of a number of other far-right groups , including the exclusive League of St. George and the National Party . National Party leader John Kingsley Read claimed that he received funds from Column 88 both for his own party and during his time as chairman of the National Front . In 1983 Column 88 hit the headlines again when the press reported that Clarence had been `` safe-housing '' three German neo-Nazis terrorists Odfried Hepp , Ulrich Tillmann and Walter Kexel , who were wanted for bomb attacks on US Army bases in Germany .
References
External links
The spy left out in the cold , on the site of the BBC
Incidents attributed to Column 88 by that START terrorism database
Neo-Nazi organizations
Anti-communism
Espionage
Neo-Nazi organisations in the United Kingdom
20th century in the United Kingdom
1970s establishments in the United Kingdom
1990s disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Anti-communist organizations
The was a tournament used in Japan , by the Nihon Ki-in and Kansai Ki-in , to determine the ranking of its go professionals on the dan scale . It was instituted in the 1920s soon after the Ki-in was set up in 1924 . Initially it was run in Spring and Autumn sessions in Tokyo , with the pros brought together to play around eight games in each session ( the name means simply `` grand meeting '' ) . It has currently ceased to exist after it was replaced by new reforms .
Professionals in the Nihon Ki-in could claim promotions based on their performance in the Oteai . To qualify for a promotion , players had to win a certain percentage of a certain number of successive games . The proportion , and number of games depended on the player 's current rank , with qualification obviously becoming more stringent as one progressed .
External links
Sensei 's Library : Oteai
Go competitions in Japan
Ivan Ivanov ( Kazakh or Russian : Иван Иванов ; born 3 January 1992 ) is a Kazakhstani shot putter . He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics without qualifying for the final . Ivanov won bronze medals at the 2017 Asian Championships and 2018 Asian Games . His personal bests in the event are 20.95 metres outdoors ( Almaty 2019 ) and 20.51 metres indoors ( Ust-Kamenogorsk 2016 ) , both being the current national records .
Ivanov took up shot put in 2006 following his brother . A month later , aged 14 , he competed at his first national championships . He regularly trains in Portugal because his coach Vladimir Zinchenko is based in that country .
International competitions
References
1992 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male shot putters
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Kazakhstan
People from Almaty Region
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Thordisa sanguinea is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae .
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1955
Dixonville is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within the County of Northern Lights . It is located along the Mackenzie Highway ( Highway 35 ) , approximately north of Grimshaw . It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in Census Division No . 17 and in the federal riding of Peace River .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Dixonville had a population of 96 living in 38 of its 47 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 108 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Dixonville had a population of 108 living in 37 of its 45 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2011 population of 104 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
County of Northern Lights
Events in the year 1922 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
19 November – A referendum on the prosecution of war criminals was held and approved by 74.33 % of voters .
23 February 1922 Lord Newton had given Notice to ask if the Supreme Council are still insisting upon the formation of voluntary Armies in Bulgaria and Hungary in spite of the excessive additional expenditure involved and the difficulty of obtaining recruits .
References
1920s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Rômulo Pires ( born June 6 , 1983 in Ceilândia , DF ) is a Brazilian male model . Romulo is of Italian and Brazilian ancestry . According to Forbes , he was the 4th most successful male model in the world in 2004/5 .
Pires was working as a mechanic when a woman with a flat tire said he was attractive and had the skill for modeling . He subsequently entered a model search held by Elite Model Management of Brazil and won the first place .
However , his modeling career stalled until Karl Lagerfeld took notice of him two years later .
Before walking his first runway , Romulo was hired to appear in high-profile campaigns for Chanel and Lagerfeld Gallery . With the special attention from the designer himself , Romulo got to travel around the world and started to build on his portfolio and reputation . Ad campaigns for Gucci , Valentino , Pepe Jeans , Cavali Classic , Carolina Herrera , Christian Lacroix , Ck1 , Laura Biagiotti , and Emanuel Ungaro followed .
He was on People magazine as one of the sexiest men alive in 2006 and worked with Helmut Newton .
Romulo was quoted as saying that he enjoyed modeling because of its perks the job brought him . He said , `` You get to travel the world , and it is always free . You get to know different places , and I have learned English and a bit of Italian and french as well . '' In his spare time , Romulo attends acting class and cooking class , practises birkram yoga and plays soccer .
He is married to Thaís Dos Santos , a Brazilian model based in New York City . They have a son , Roman , born in November 2016 .
References
External links
The Internet Fashion Database
Romulo Pires Photos
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1dKuDsiKE9I
Rômulo Pires on Instagram
Brazilian male models
1983 births
Living people
Al-Hajj Sayyd Abdul Al-Khabyyr ( born Russell Linwood Thomas [ Muslim name adopted in 1971 ] ; 22 March 1935 - 15 February 2017 ) , was an American Canadian saxophonist ( soprano , alto , tenor and baritone ) , clarinetist , flautist ( flute and piccolo ) and composer . He toured internationally with Dizzy Gillespie from 1983 to 1987 , appearing alongside Gillespie in the feature films A Night in Havana and A Night in Chicago .
He is the only person to perform all saxophone parts consecutively in the Duke Ellington Orchestra .
On 26 June 2011 , a tribute concert was held during the Montreal International Jazz Festival to honor and recognize Abdul Al-Khabyyr 's contributions to the Montreal jazz scene , as he was long considered the patriarch of Montreal 's `` second great family of Jazz '' .
Music career
Born in Harlem , New York as Russell Linwood Thomas , Abdul Al-Khabyyr lived most of his life in Montreal , Quebec . He became a naturalized Canadian in 1965 and converted to Islam in 1971 .
In his teens he studied clarinet and saxophone in New York City with Cecil Scott and others . In 1954 he traveled to Montreal with trombonist Snub Mosley to play in various nightclubs . While there he met his future wife and decided to stay , working with Al Cowans ( 19541955 ) and then leading his own band ( 19551957 ) . In Ottawa from 1957 to 1970 , he was a member at various times of the Canadian Jazz Quartet ( with Richard Wyands on piano , Wyatt Ruther on bass , and Doug Johnston on drums ) , the Ottawa Saxophone Quartet and also studio/dance bands led by Champ Champagne , Buster Monroe and others . He led his own orchestra at the Gatineau Country Club from 1959 to 1965 , except for a short break in 1963 as he recovered from a bout with Polio . He also appeared regularly on CBC programming as a guest or backing musician .
From 1970 to 1980 he returned to Montreal as a teacher in the Jazz Music department of the Université de Montréal . His pupils included the flautist Jennifer Waring , trumpeter Chris Place , and saxophonists Mary-Jo Rudolf , Richard Beaudet and Rémi Bolduc . He also performed in various contemporary music settings such as the SMCQ ensemble ( Société de musique contemporaine du Québec ) , Walter Boudreau 's Infonie , Dionne-Brégent , TRIO 3 ( composed of Sayyd , Pauline Vaillancourt and Michael Laucke ) , worked in studio and theatre orchestras , and played jazz at his own establishment , Café Mo-Jo .
He divided his time between Montreal and New York City during the 1980s , then settled in New York by the end of the decade . He was a member , from 1980 to 1982 and again from 1987 to 1993 , of the Duke Ellington Orchestra . From 1983 to 1987 , he was a member ( along with his son Nasyr on drums ) of the Dizzy Gillespie Quartet , touring internationally , and appearing alongside Gillespie in the feature films A Night in Havana and A Night in Chicago .
He is the only person to perform all saxophone parts consecutively in the Duke Ellington Orchestra ; Baritone sax , 2nd tenor , 1st tenor , 2nd alto , 1st alto and lead alto .
He also recorded and performed with , among many others ; Tony Bennett , Tito Puente , Mario Rivera , the Savoy Sultans , Illinois Jacquet , the Afro-Asian Jazz Ensemble , Arturo Sandoval , Gonzalo Rubalcaba , Walter Davis Jr. , Giovanni Hidalgo , Charlie Palmieri , Milt Jackson , Candido Gamero , Charlie Persip and Superband , Pharoah Sanders and Yusef Lateef .
In 1991 he was featured , along with Russian painter Evgeny Essaulenko , in a short film titled One Drinks the Other Does n't .
He made several appearances accompanied by his sons and other musicians ( including Oliver Jones ) at the Festival International de Jazz de Montréal . On 26 June 2011 , a tribute concert was held during the festival to honor and recognize Abdul Al-Khabyyr 's contributions to the Montreal jazz scene .
Personal life
Married in 1955 ( jazz great Charlie Biddle served as best man ) , Abdul Al-Khabyyr and his wife had five children . Although all play musical instruments masterfully , two of his children , drummer Nasyr and trombonist Muhammad , followed in his footsteps and both became professional musicians and music teachers . Also notable , Abdul Al-Khabyyr is the father-in-law of Grammy Award-winning jazz musician Kenny Garrett .
In 1971 , after reading the biography of Malcolm X , Abdul Al-Khabyyr and his family converted to Islam and he went on to become an Imam . Through their common faith Abdul Al-Khabyyr developed a friendship with boxing great Muhammad Ali , who would stay in his town of Mount Royal home when visiting the area .
In the late 1990s he moved back to Montreal and , after suffering strokes in 2001 and 2004 , no longer performed .
References
External links
1935 births
American emigrants to Canada
American expatriate musicians in Canada
Anglophone Quebec people
Black Canadian musicians
Canadian Muslims
Canadian people of African-American descent
Converts to Islam
Musicians from Montreal
Musicians from New York City
People from Harlem
Université de Montréal faculty
2017 deaths
Bet On Soldier : Blood Sport is a first-person shooter video game developed by French developer Kylotonn and published in the North American and UK market by Digital Jesters . The story revolves around an unknown world war where elite soldiers meet each other in a battle to the death in one-on-one deathmatches . These deathmatches are broadcast all over the world as a televised sport named `` Bet On Soldier '' and since has become the favorite form of entertainment with many viewers betting on soldiers .
The game is billed as a spiritual sequel to the alternate history first-person shooter Iron Storm and heavily relies on assets recycled from the cancelled sequel . As a result , although it is not explicitly stated that the games take place in the same fictional universe , they share many of the same themes , plot elements , character and level designs , weapons , and even insignia of the fictional west European union .
Setting
Bet On Soldier is set on an alternate Earth in the year 1998 , during a war that has lasted for 80 years and shows no signs of ever stopping . Every aspect of society revolves around warfare . Everyone earns their income through war ; all men are paid soldiers , and women and the elderly work in the weapons manufacturing industry . The world is in a perpetual state of war between two competing power blocs : from the West , the Western Republic Federation ( WRF ) , and from Asia , the United Asian Nations ( UAN ) . The populace seeks solace from this grim world mainly through escapist television entertainment , with the most popular programming being `` Bet On Soldier '' , in which elite soldiers face off against each other in one-on-one deathmatches , and where viewers can wager on the outcome of the fights .
Gameplay
Bet On Soldier differs from traditional first-person shooters as the player must select equipment before entering combat ( much like Counter-Strike ) and will be using that equipment throughout the mission . The player can not change their inventory during a mission , or pick up weapons or ammo that either allies or enemies have dropped . In order to acquire more ammo or replenish their supply of armor , the player must spend money at various `` purchase terminals '' located throughout the levels . Money is earned by killing enemies , with more spectacular kills ( i.e . headshots or deaths caused by exploding barrels ) earning more cash .
The player can also hire up to two A.I.-controlled mercenaries that follow them throughout the level and assist them in combat . These mercenaries can be issued basic orders , such as to wait at a certain location or to follow the player .
At certain points in each level , the player is pitted in a one-on-one deathmatch against an enemy B.O.S . champion . The amount of money the player earns from these fights depends on how quickly they can kill their opponent .
Plot
Story
The player assumes the role of Nolan Daneworth , a WRF soldier , who is suffering from amnesia . Following the unknown injury that caused it , Nolan decides to retire from the war and settle down as a farmer . He marries a nurse named Julianne , however , his world is turned upside down when 3 men come to his farmhouse and burn it down , killing Julianne . Although he does n't recognize their leader , the two other men turn out to be B.O.S . champions ; the Boryenka brothers , Mika ( younger ) and Igor ( older ) , who are the highest-ranking soldiers in the league . Daneworth re-enlists in the WRF , and enters the B.O.S . tournament in order to confront the Boryenka brothers and exact his revenge .
Midway through the game , Daneworth is captured by a group called the Resistance , led by Hang Shaiming . The Resistance claims that the entire war is controlled by a secret organization known as the Syndicate , a military-industrial complex that controls the weapons manufacturing and distribution for both the WRF and the UAN , and thus continuously profits from the perpetual war . The Syndicate uses the media to maintain its control over the world , encouraging jingoism and war-mongering through the news , while satisfying the populace 's need for spectacle with programs like Bet On Soldier .
Shaiming claims that Daneworth was a soldier for the Syndicate prior to his amnesia , and was tasked with hunting down Shaiming and the Resistance . However , Daneworth does n't believe Shaiming , stating that the Syndicate is a hoax . Shaiming lets Daneworth go , but gives him a transmitter to call for the Resistance 's help if he ever needs it .
Daneworth fights through several battlefields across the globe and kills several B.O.S . champions , finally making his way to the very top of the league and a final confrontation with Igor Boryenka . Daneworth defeats Boryenka , and interrogates him for information .
Boryenka confirms that the Syndicate exists , and that they ordered the attack on Daneworth 's farmhouse , in the hopes of shaking Daneworth out of his amnesia . Before Boryenka can reveal more , Syndicate soldiers arrive on the scene and capture them both . Daneworth is brought before the leader of the Syndicate , Vincente Adriano , whose right-hand man , Max Balding , is revealed as the man who led the attack on Daneworth 's farm and killed Daneworth 's wife .
Daneworth lost his memories after an attack by the Resistance , and the Syndicate wants those memories restored because Daneworth is the only person who knows the location of the Resistance 's secret base . Vincente also reveals that Daneworth 's wife , Julianne , was n't actually killed , and is still alive and in Syndicate custody . Daneworth is given a choice : either reveal the location of the Resistance headquarters and help the Syndicate destroy it , or Julia will be killed for real , and Daneworth will die on national television .
At this point , the player is given the choice of either siding with the Resistance , or the Syndicate .
If the player sides with the Resistance , Daneworth activates his secret transmitter , and he and Julianne are rescued by Hang Shaiming and the Resistance , and taken to the Resistance 's secret HQ at a remote monastery in Tibet . However , the Syndicate somehow learns the location of the HQ and attacks . In the fight , Hang Shaiming is killed by Max Balding . Daneworth fights and kills Max Balding .
If the player sides with the Syndicate , Daneworth leads a Syndicate strike force against the Resistance HQ . Daneworth kills Hang Shaiming , but Max Balding arrives and states that he has been ordered to dispose of Daneworth , who has outlived his usefulness . Daneworth fights and kills Max Balding .
Regardless of the player 's choice , the ending is the same . Julianne appears and reveals that she was a Syndicate operative all the time . Her mission was to get close to Daneworth and try to shake him out of his amnesia . When that failed , she and Max Balding faked her own death in the hopes that Daneworth 's quest for revenge would lead him to the Resistance . With the Resistance destroyed , Daneworth has outlived his usefulness . Julianne aims her gun at an injured Daneworth , the screen goes black , and a gunshot is heard .
The game ends with the following quotation :
Reception
The game received `` mixed '' reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic .
Expansions
Digital Jesters went into bankruptcy shortly after publishing Bet On Soldier . The series did enjoy some success in the European market , however , and two expansion packs have been released for the French , German and Polish markets . These expansion packs , Blood of the Sahara and Black-out Saigon , are prequels to the main Bet On Soldier story and follow the activities of Max Balding and Hang Shaiming respectively , two of the original game 's secondary characters .
References
External links
2005 video games
Alternate history video games
First-person shooter multiplayer online games
First-person shooters
Kylotonn games
Lua ( programming language ) -scripted video games
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in France
Video games set in 1998
Video games set in Asia
Video games set in Europe
War video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games set in the 1990s
Digital Jesters games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Chief Mike Aiyegbeni Oghiadomhe ( born 4 September 1955 ) was the Deputy Governor of Edo State , Nigeria from 1999 to 2007 and Chief of Staff to former Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan from 2010 to 2014 . He was born in Fugar , in Etsako Central Local Government Area of present-day Edo State of Nigeria .
Education and career
Education
He is a 1978 graduate of soil science from the University of Ibadan ; a holder of an MBA degree from University of Benin ( 1982 ) , currently a Doctoral student at the University of Liverpool , United Kingdom . In March 2011 , he was awarded an honorary doctorate degree from the Federal University of Technology , Owerri . He is also Honorary Fellow of Auchi Polytechnic and Federal Polytechnic , Offa .
Civil service career
Oghiadomhe has had a very fulfilling career . Between 1979 and 1982 , he had a brief stint with the defunct Bendel State 's Ministry of Agriculture as a Research Officer . He joined the private sector in 1982 and became a major player in the solid mineral industry . In recognition of his meritorious role in the industry , he was granted membership of the Nigeria Mining and Geosciences Society of Nigeria .
Political career
In 1998 , he went into active politics and was elected unopposed into the House of Representatives under the platform of the United Nigeria Congress Party . Subsequent to the truncation of that transition programme , he was elected Deputy Governor of Edo State alongside Lucky Igbinedion on the platform of the People 's Democratic Party , PDP and successfully served two terms from 1999 to 2007 . In the course of service , he received several awards for his unalloyed loyalty and outstanding performance .
In appreciation of his immense contributions to Edo State , the entire traditional rulers of the State unanimously conferred upon him the title of OLUETSENIGIE of Edo land . He remains the first and only Edo man to hold a collective title of the entire traditional institutions in the State . He is also the Chairman , Board of Trustees of Fugar Progressive Union .
In June 2007 , Oghiadomhe was appointed Deputy Chief of Staff to the then Vice President Goodluck Jonathan under the President Yar'Adua administration , a position he held till August 2008 , when the position was scrapped . He was immediately re-appointed Principal Secretary to Jonathan till May 17 , 2010 , when he was elevated to become Chief of Staff to Jonathan as president , a position he held up till February , 2014 , when he resigned to pursue other political interests .
Chief Oghiadomhe is currently a member of the Board of Trustees of the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
Controversy
When Oghiadomhe resigned in 2014 , it was speculated that he had been sacked by President Jonathan as a result of graft matters . This rumour was refuted by then presidential spokesman , Reuben Abati who clarified that the outgoing CoS resigned to pursue his political ambitions .
Personal life
He is married and is blessed with children and grandchildren .
Awards and notable achievements
Oghiadomhe was conferred with the National Honours of Officer of the Order of the Federal Republic ( OFR ) , and Commander of the Order of the Federal Republic ( CFR ) in 2008 and 2010 respectively .
A Fellow of the Institute of Management ( FNIM ) , he was elected Member of Council of NIM in 2006 ; where he served two terms . He is currently a member of the Board of Fellows of the institute , a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Public Administrators of Nigeria and a Justice of Peace .
Chief Oghiadomhe is a three-star Paul Harris Fellow and a Melvin Jones Fellow .
He has over 30 traditional titles , spread over the entire spectrum of the federation of Nigeria .
References
1955 births
Living people
20th-century Nigerian businesspeople
21st-century Nigerian businesspeople
Peoples Democratic Party ( Nigeria ) politicians
Dr Bernard Dixon ( 17 July 1938 – 30 October 2020 ) was a British science journalist , who was editor of New Scientist from 1969 to 1979 .
Early life and education
Dixon was born on 17 July 1938 in Darlington , County Durham . His parents were Grace ( née Peirson ) and Ronald Dixon . His father worked in an electrical shop . He attended the Queen Elizabeth Grammar School , Darlington , and then studied biology at King 's College , Newcastle upon Tyne , later Newcastle University . He gained a PhD in microbiology and briefly worked as a researcher .
Career
His first editorial post was on World Medicine , a magazine aimed at GPs . He joined the New Scientist in 1968 , and served as its editor from 1969 to 1979 . Under his editorship , the magazine reported on science and technology developments for a non-specialist reader , and Dixon expanded its focus to cover environmental issues as well as UK science policy . In 1969 , he commissioned a Westminster Diary column from the MP Tam Dalyell , which was published for 36 years . Another long-running feature commissioned by Dixon was the Grimbledon Down cartoon strip from Bill Tidy , which lampooned the secret government research institute Porton Down . New Scientists circulation increased nearly twofold during this period .
Dixon subsequently worked as a freelance science editor and writer . He was European Editor for the American Society for Microbiology from 1997 . He wrote columns for Current Biology from 2000 and for Lancet Infectious Diseases from 2001 .
He was a member of the European Federation of Biotechnology 's Task Group on Public Perceptions of Biotechnology . He served on committees for bodies such as the British Association for the Advancement of Science , the Council for Science and Society and the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal . In 1974 , with his colleague Joseph Hanlon , he investigated Uri Gellar , showing that his ability to bend metal objects was not paranormal . Dixon campaigned on issues such as the risk of antibiotic resistance from use of the drugs in cattle to promote growth .
He wrote several books , including What Is Science For ? ( 1973 ) and Beyond the Magic Bullet ( 1978 ) .
Personal life
Dixon was married to Margaret Charlton ( 1963–88 ) ; the couple had three children . The marriage ended in divorce . His partner subsequently was Kath Adams , a secretary at the New Scientist ; she died in 2019 .
Dixon died on 30 October 2020 . A tribute by his successor at New Scientist , Michael Kenward , appeared in the issue dated 5 December 2020 .
Awards and honours
Dixon received the Institute of Biology 's Charter Award for services to biology ; and the Biochemical Society Award ( shared with Steven Rose ) `` for scientific communication in the public domain '' in 2002 . The University of Edinburgh awarded him an honorary DSc in 1996 `` for contributions to public debate on scientific issues '' .
He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2000 Birthday Honours for services to science journalism .
He gave the 2003 Erasmus Darwin Memorial Lecture , on the subject of `` Why Modify Genes ? `` .
References
External links
1938 births
2020 deaths
Place of birth missing
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Society of Biology
British science journalists
Seremban may refer to :
Seremban
Seremban District
Seremban ( federal constituency ) , represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Seremban Barat ( federal constituency ) , formerly represented in the Dewan Rakyat ( 1959–74 )
Seremban Timor ( federal constituency ) , formerly represented in the Dewan Rakyat ( 1959–74 )
Seremban ( state constituency ) , formerly represented in the Negeri Sembilan State Council ( 1955–59 )
Biecco Lawrie Limited ( BLL ) is a government corporation under the ownership of Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas , Government of India and was established in 1919 as British India Electric Construction Company Limited . BLL manufactures medium-voltage switchgears and have separate turnkey project and Electrical Repair division and is headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal .
As of fiscal 2007 , the company incurred aggregated revenue of .
On the 10th of October 2018 , the Government of India decided to shut down Biecco Lawrie .
References
Government-owned companies of India
Companies based in Kolkata
Companies nationalised by the Government of India
Indian companies established in 1919
Energy companies established in 1919
Indian companies disestablished in 2018
Energy companies disestablished in 2018
Sofiane Khalfallah ( born 14 December 1968 ) is an Algerian handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Algerian people
James Stirling ( 11 May O.S . 1692 , Garden , Stirlingshire – 5 December 1770 , Edinburgh ) was a Scottish mathematician . He was nicknamed `` The Venetian '' .
The Stirling numbers , Stirling permutations , and Stirling 's approximation are named after him . He also proved the correctness of Isaac Newton 's classification of cubics .
Biography
Stirling was born on 11 May 1692 O.S . at Garden House near Stirling , the third son of Archibald Stirling , Lord Garden .
At 18 years of age he went to Balliol College , Oxford , where , chiefly through the influence of the Earl of Mar , he was nominated in 1711 to be one of Bishop Warner 's exhibitioners ( or Snell exhibitioner ) at Balliol . In 1715 he was expelled on account of his correspondence with his cousins , who were members of the Keir and Garden families , who were noted Jacobites , and had been accessory to the `` Gathering of the Brig o ' Turk '' in 1708 .
From Oxford he made his way to Venice , where he occupied himself as a professor of mathematics . In 1717 appeared his Lineae tertii ordinis Newtonianae , sive . . . ( 8vo , Oxford ) . While in Venice , also , he communicated , through Isaac Newton , to the Royal Society a paper entitled `` Methodus differentialis Newtoniana illustrata '' ( Phil . Trans. , 1718 ) . Fearing assassination on account of having discovered a trade secret of the glassmakers of Venice , he returned with Newton 's help to London about the year 1725 .
In London he remained for ten years , being most part of the time connected with an academy in Tower Street , and devoting his leisure to mathematics and correspondence with eminent mathematicians . In 1730 his most important work was published , the Methodus differentialis , sive tractatus de summatione et interpolatione serierum infinitarum ( 4to , London ) , which is something more than an expansion of the paper of 1718 . In 1735 , he communicated to the Royal Society a paper `` On the Figure of the Earth , and on the Variation of the Force of Gravity at its Surface . ''
In the same year he was appointed manager for the Scots Mining Company at Leadhills , where the Scots Mining Company House was built for him in 1736 . His next paper to the Royal Society was concerned , not with pure but with applied sciences ; specifically , a trompe , i.e. , a water-powered air compressor that was used by a Scottish lead mine . His name is also connected with another practical undertaking , since grown to vast dimensions . The accounts of the city of Glasgow for 1752 show that the very first instalment of ten million sterling spent in making Glasgow a seaport ( a sum of £28 , 4s . 4d . ) , was for a silver tea-kettle to be presented to `` James Stirling , mathematician , for his service , pains , and trouble in surveying the river towards deepening it by locks . ''
Another edition of the Lineae tertii ordinis was published in Paris in 1797 ; another edition of the Methodus differentialis in London in 1764 ; and a translation of the latter into English by Halliday in London in 1749 . A considerable collection of literary remains , consisting of papers , letters and two manuscript volumes of a treatise on weights and measures , are still preserved at Garden .
Notes
See also
Stirling polynomials
Stirling transform
References
This work in turn cites :
WP . Fraser , The Stirlings of Keir , and their Family Papers , ( Edinburgh , 1858 )
`` Modern History of Leadhills '' , in Gentleman 's Magazine ( June 1853 )
Brewster , Memoirs of Sir Isaac Newton , ii . 300 , 307 , 411 , 516
J. Nicol , Vital Statistics of Glasgow ( 1881–1885 ) , p. 70
Glasgow Herald , 5 August 1886
External links
1692 births
1770 deaths
18th-century Scottish mathematicians
18th-century Scottish people
People from Stirling ( council area )
Combinatorialists
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of Balliol College , Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
Scottish expatriates in Italy
Scottish Jacobites
Scottish mathematicians
Scottish surveyors
British technology writers
Chiungtze C. Tsen ( ; Chang-Du Gan : [ tsɛn˦˨ tɕjuŋ˨˩˧ tsɹ̩˦˨ ] , April 2 , 1898 – October 1 , 1940 ) , given name Chiung ( ) , was a Chinese mathematician born in Nanchang , Jiangxi . He is known for his work in algebra . He was one of Emmy Noether 's students at the University of Göttingen .
One of his research interests was quasi-algebraic closure . In that area he proved a fundamental result which is now called Tsen 's theorem .
Biography
Tsen was born in a poor fisherman 's family in Xinjian Country , Nanchang , Jiangxi Province . His father Tschu-Wun Tsen ( Zeng Zuwen ) had two sons and several daughters , and Tsen was the eldest son . His uncle Lei Heng ( ) , who was a jinshi and a member of the Hanlin Academy , persuaded Tsen 's father to send Tsen to school . Due to poverty , Tsen had to take leaves from school intermittently to work . After leaving primary school , he worked in a coal mine while self-studying .
In 1917 , he passed the entrance examination and was admitted to Jiangxi Provincial First Normal College in Nanchang . He was subsidised by Lei Heng 's son Tsebu S. Lee ( Lei Zibu , given name 宣 Xuan ) , who was studying in Japan on government scholarship . After graduation in 1920 , Tsen taught in primary school for two years . In 1922 , Tsen entered National Wuchang Senior Normal College , later National Wuchang University , to study undergraduate mathematics , and he graduated in 1926 . After graduation , he worked as teacher in high schools for two years to perform the mandatory teaching service of his degree .
In 1927 , when Kuomintang split with the Chinese Communist Party , Tsen and some teachers and students protested against the breakup and called for alliance . Several of them including Tsen were beaten up and were sent to hospital . Guo Moruo , then serving as director of the political department of the National Revolutionary Army , visited them in the hospital .
In 1928 , Tsen passed the Jiangxi provincial government scholarship examination for studying in Europe and America . He went to Berlin University for language training for a year , and then he started studying mathematics at University of Göttingen in the summer semester of 1929 . He studied algebra under Emmy Noether . Tsen received his doctoral degree in February 1934 under the supervision of Emmy Noether and Friedrich Karl Schmidt , and he dedicated his dissertation to his elder cousin Tsebu S. Lee . Having fled to the US , Noether evaluated the dissertation in a letter as `` sehr gut '' ( very good ) . As a research fellow sponsored by the China Foundation for the Promotion of Education and Culture , Tsen did a postdoctoral research with Emil Artin at Hamburg University for a year . There he became friend with Shiing-Shen Chern , who was a graduate student back then . Chern remembered him as a cordial and open-minded person well-liked by everyone .
Tsen returned to China in July 1935 and was invited by Chen Jiangong to National Chekiang University in Hangzhou as professor in the area of algebra . Chen was Tsen 's teacher at Wuchang Senior Normal College and had encouraged Tsen to study in Germany . Tsen taught a course on algebra and a course on group theory based on the German textbooks of van der Waerden and Andreas Speiser respectively . As the books were in German , it was not easy for the students to understand , so he edited the notes taken by his student Chuan-Chih Hsiung and printed out for the students .
In 1936 , Tsen published his third paper in the journal of the new Chinese Mathematical Society . The paper contained the work that he had done in Hamburg , and he dedicated it to the memory of his advisor Noether , who died in the previous year . The paper was hardly known outside China before 1970s , and the results therein were rediscovered by Serge Lang in his dissertation . Ernst Witt , who was Tsen 's friend and had also been a student of Noether , always talked about Tsen 's results in his algebra lectures and would correct others if they attributed them to Lang but not Tsen , thus helped bring attention to this paper .
Tsen and Chen fell out because of a failed matching of Tsen and Chen 's younger sister for marriage . In 1937 , Tsen left Chekiang University and was invited by National Beiyang Institute of Technology to become a professor . That year , the full-scale Japanese invasion of China started , and the school was evacuated from Tianjin to Xi'an . Tsen went to Xi'an to take up his post . The school merged with some other evacuated universities to form National Xi'an Provisory University . The new university moved to Hanzhong and was renamed to National Northwestern Associated University , and it moved again to Chenggu . The university soon split into several schools , one of which was National Northwestern Institute of Technology , and Tsen became a professor of this school .
In 1939 , Shu-tien Li , former president of Beiyang Institute of Technology and the president of the newly-founded National Xikang Institute of Technology , invited Tsen to be a professor at the new school . The campus of the school was temples scattered on in the suburb of Xichang in Xikang Province . Tsen had a chronic stomach problem , and his condition was made worse by poor living condition and shortage of medical supplies in time of war . Tsen died of a stomach ulcer in Xichang , Xikang on October 1 , 1940 , and the school held a memorial service for him on November 18 , 1940 .
He married a high-school chemistry teacher Qin Hesui ( ) in Nanchang in 1937 . His wife suffered a miscarriage on the long and difficult journey over mountainous terrains to Xichang . They had no children . He adopted a nephew as his son .
He bought a lot of mathematics books while in Germany , and he brought the books and his manuscripts back to China in seven full metal trunks . After the start of war , he kept them in his relative 's home at a village in Xinjian , Jiangxi . Unfortunately , when the village had fallen , all his seven trunks of books and manuscripts were burnt by the Japanese invaders .
Publications
Tsen , Chiungtze C. Divisionsalgebren über Funktionenkörpern . Nachr . Ges . Wiss . Göttingen , Math.-Phys . Kl . I , No.44 , II , No.48 , 335–339 ( 1933 ) .
Tsen , Chiungtze C. Algebren über Funktionenkörpern . Göttingen : Diss . 19 S. ( 1934 ) .
Tsen , Chiungtze C. Zur Stufentheorie der quasialgebraisch-Abgeschlossenheit kommutativer Körper . J. Chin . Math . Soc . 1 , 81–92 ( 1936 ) .
A Chinese translation of these three papers was published in a book in memory of Tsen .
Short articles
Some short articles written by Tsen in Chinese that can be found :
See also
Tsen rank
Notes
References
Algebraic geometers
Algebraists
1898 births
1940 deaths
People from Nanchang
Educators from Jiangxi
Zhejiang University faculty
Mathematicians from Jiangxi
Republic of China science writers
Writers from Jiangxi
University of Göttingen alumni
20th-century Chinese mathematicians
Deaths from ulcers
The Rainbow Conoco at 400 Main St. in Shelby , Montana , also known as Joe 's , was built in 1936 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .
It was a gas and car repair station designed by Continental Oil Co. architects as an `` English cottage-type station '' . The design included a steeply pitched gable roof with dark green asphalt shingles , contrasting to the off-white glazed brick exterior . It was built in 1936 and expanded in the same style , to add a second service bay , in 1941 . A flat roof expansion which does not match was added in 1975 when Joe Kincaid took over operation . Twenty-eight years later in 1993 , Kincaid still operated the station .
It was deemed significant as `` one of the finest examples of 1930s era gas station design in Montana '' and as `` the best original domestic , English cottage design remaining in the State . The styling reflected the desire to avoid conflict with nearby residential environments and blend effectively with adjacent commercial structures . The beautifully maintained glazed brick exterior is accentuated with natural brick trim around windows and doors in the classic 1930s style . The high-pitched gable roof and distinctive white and green color scheme made the station a familiar and recognizable landmark . ''
See also
Continental Oil Company Building : NRHP-listed Conoco bulk storage complex in Cheyenne , Wyoming
Continental Oil Company Filling Station : NRHP-listed Conoco gas station in Kalispell , Montana
Jackson Conoco Service Station : NRHP-listed Conoco gas station in El Reno , Oklahoma
Hughes Conoco Service Station : NRHP-listed Conoco gas station in Topeka , Kansas
Huning Highlands Conoco Service Station : NRHP-listed Conoco gas station in Albuquerque , New Mexico
Spraker Service Station : NRHP-listed Conoco gas station in Vinita , Oklahoma
References
National Register of Historic Places in Toole County , Montana
Commercial buildings completed in 1936
Gas stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
ConocoPhillips
1936 establishments in Montana
Baagyavathi is a 1957 Indian Tamil language film directed by L. V. Prasad , starring Sivaji Ganesan , Padmini and M. N. Rajam .
Plot
Somu , who is a criminal , who marries Meena . Unable to expose Somu because of her love and devotion to him , she tries to transform him . In a separate storyline , Ravi , a six-year-old boy , learns that his father Suppanna is a criminal , and leaves his home . Suppanna also has a daughter , Bhama , who fails in her attempts to reform her father 's ways . As a result , she kills herself .
Cast
Cast according to the opening credits
Male
Ganesan as Somu
K. A. Thangavelu as Shankaran
K. Sarangapani as Ramasami
Nandaram as Subbanna
P. D. Sambandam as Saminathan
Gopal as Ravi
Female
Padmini as Meena
Ragini as Suguna
M. N. Rajam as Bama
Lakshmi Prabha as Velammal
K. N. Kamalam as Sooravalli
K. Aranganayaki as Somu 's mother
Support Cast
C. P. Kittan , V. P. s. Mani , Basupathi , V. T. Kalyanam , Santhanam , Ponnusami , Kunjitham Pillai , Jayasakthivel , G. V. Sharma , Shankaramoorthi , Therur Murugan , Kannan , Late Balaraman , Nanjilseth , Subbaraman , Rathnam , Sami & Party , P. R. Chandra , Seethalakshmi , and Kaurava Nathakar Sivasooryan .
Production
A.C. Pillai , who was a small-time bank clerk-turned-film producer , made this film . It was written by ‘ Ra . Ve ' . P. L. Rai was the cinematographer and the audiography was handled by A. Krishnan . The film was produced at Vijaya Vauhini Studios .
Soundtrack
The music was composed by S. Dakshinamurthy and lyrics were written by A. Maruthakasi and Subbu Arumugam . The song `` Kannale Vettadhe '' was well received .
Reception
Randor Guy of The Hindu noted that the film is remembered for `` The classic performances of Padmini , excellently supported by Sivaji Ganesan . Good acting by Thangavelu and M.N . Rajam , and music with some comical songs '' .
References
External links
1950s Tamil-language films
1957 films
Films directed by L. V. Prasad
Films scored by Susarla Dakshinamurthi
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 West was a tier 9 English Rugby Union league with teams from Derbyshire , Nottinghamshire and the western region of Leicestershire taking part . Promoted teams moved up to Midlands 4 East ( North ) and relegated teams dropped to Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 West .
The division was created in 2000 , along with its counterpart Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 East , following the splitting of the East Midlands and Leicestershire leagues and the subsequent merging of the Leicestershire and Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire leagues . After four seasons the league was discontinued following further restructuring and the majority of teams moved into the newly created Notts , Lincs , Derbyshire/North Leicestershire and Derbyshire/North Leicestershire divisions .
Original teams
When this division was introduced in 2000 it contained the following teams :
Aylestone St James – promoted from East Midlands/Leicestershire 2 ( champions )
Bakewell Mannerians – transferred from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 1 ( 10th )
Castle Donington – transferred from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 1 ( 11th )
Dronfield – transferred from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 1 ( 15th )
East Leake – promoted from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 2 ( 7th )
Leesbrook – promoted from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 2 ( 10th )
Melbourne – transferred from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 1 ( 9th )
Nottingham Casuals – transferred from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 1 ( 6th )
Old Newtonians – transferred from East Midlands/Leicestershire 1 ( 9th )
Rolls-Royce – promoted from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 2 ( 8th )
Tupton – promoted from Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire 2 ( 6th )
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 West honours
Promotion play-offs
During the 2003–04 season there was a promotion playoff between the runners-up of Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 East and Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 West for the third place to Midlands 4 East ( North ) . The team with the superior league record has home advantage in the tie .
Number of league titles
Ashfield ( 2 )
East Leake ( 1 )
Old Newtonians ( 1 )
Notes
See also
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 East
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 East
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 West
Midlands RFU
Notts , Lincs & Derbyshire RFU
Leicestershire RU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
NLD RFU website
Leicestershire Rugby Union website
9
Rugby union in Derbyshire
Rugby union in Nottinghamshire
Rugby union in Leicestershire
Sport leagues established in 2000
Sport leagues disestablished in 2004
Orientalis , oriental in Latin , may refer to :
a Yersinia pestis biovar thought to correspond to the third plague pandemic
and also :
Francia Orientalis , the realm allotted to Louis the German by the 843 Treaty of Verdun
Marcha Orientalis , the Latin name for the ( Bavarian ) Eastern March , that became the Margraviate of Austria
Marcha Orientalis , the Latin name for the Saxon Eastern March
Opera Orientalis , a military intelligence operation carried out during the Yugoslav Wars in August 1991
Patrologia Orientalis , an attempt to create a comprehensive collection of the writings by eastern Church Fathers in Syriac , Armenian and Arabic , Coptic , Ge'ez , Georgian , and Slavonic
Terra orientalis ( Osterland ) , a historical region in Germany situated between the Elbe and Saale rivers to the north of Pleissnerland
See also
List of Roman cognomina
de : Orientalis
Cheryl Benard ( born in 1953 ) is an academic scholar , writer , political scientist and novelist . She is the wife of Zalmay Khalilzad , former U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations , Afghanistan and Iraq . She and Khalilzad have two sons , Alexander Benard and Maximilian Benard .
Career
Benard worked as an actress in German films as a child . She later took a BA from the American University of Beirut and went on to earn a Ph.D. from the University of Vienna . She taught Political Science at the University of Vienna . Later , she served as research director of the Boltzmann Institute of Politics , a European think tank .
Presently , Benard is president of Alliance for the Restoration of Cultural Heritage ( ARCH ) International , a DC-based non-profit research and advocacy organisation dedicated to the support of cultural activism , specifically in post-conflict situations .
Writings
Benard is a novelist and a widely published author on topics including popular sociology , refugees , women in nation-building , youth radicalisation in the European Diaspora , and humanitarian aid . Her books have been translated into many other languages and some were bestsellers in Europe .
She is a feminist writer . She and Edit Schlaffer contributed the piece `` Benevolent despotism versus the contemporary feminist movement '' to the 1984 anthology Sisterhood Is Global : The International Women 's Movement Anthology , edited by Robin Morgan .
Benard 's most recent book , Eurojihad – Patterns of Islamist Radicalization and Terrorism in Europe , with Angel Rabasa , was published by Cambridge University Press in November 2014 .
Controversy
Benard 's Austrian bank account was frozen in February 2014 . This happened as part of an investigation into allegations of money laundering by Benard 's husband , former U.S. official Zalmay Khalizad . Benard and Khalilzad were subsequently cleared by the Austrian court system and US authorities and the freezing of her accounts was found to have been illegal . Prior to the announcement of the court decision , information about the investigation was leaked to the press , allegedly the result of court documents having been disposed of unshredded in the general trash and found by scavenging bloggers .
Books
The Government of God : Iran 's Islamic Republic ( 1984 ) ( with Zalmay Khalilzad )
Wie aus Mädchen tolle Frauen werden . Selbstbewußtsein jenseits aller Klischees ( 2000 )
Moghul Buffet ( 2000 )
Turning on the Girls ( 2001 )
L'Inconnue de Peshawar ( 2002 )
Einsame Cowboys . Jungen in der Pubertät ( 2002 ) ( translation : Lonely Cowboys : boys in puberty )
Veiled Courage : Inside the Afghan Women 's Resistance ( 2002 )
Supermacht Mann : oder das Ende der Vernunft ( 2004 ) ( translation : Superpower Man : or , the end of reason . This book is critical of U.S. military interventions . )
Civil Democratic Islam : Partners , Resources , and Strategies ( 2004 )
References
1953 births
Living people
American women novelists
RAND Corporation people
Writers from New Orleans
University of Vienna alumni
American University of Beirut alumni
University of Vienna faculty
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Novelists from Louisiana
American women academics
Oleg Aleksandrovich Strizhenov ( ; born 10 August 1929 in Blagoveshchensk in the Russian Far East ) is a Soviet and Russian film actor and a People 's Artist of the USSR .
Filmography
He starred or appeared in more than 31 major films between 1951 and 2000 ( with a break between 1987 and 2000 ) , including films such as `` Gadfly '' , `` The Forty-first '' , Khozhdenie za tri morya ( `` The Journey Beyond Three Seas '' , also known as `` The Traveler '' ) , in which he played Afanasy Nikitin ; '' The Captain 's Daughter '' , `` The Queen of Spades '' , `` Ne podsuden '' , `` Gospodin Velikyi Novgorod '' , `` The Young Peter the Great , '' `` Karl Marxs : The Early Years , '' and others .
Life and career
Strizhenov completed the B. V. Shukin Higher Theater School in 1953 and from 1953 he was actor in the Russian Theater of Drama in Tallinn ( in Estonia ) ; from 1954 to 1955 , he acted at the Pushkin Theater in Leningrad , and in 1957 he was at the Screen Actors Theater and Studio in Moscow . From 1966 to 1976 he acted at the Moscow Artists ' and Actors ' Theater .
Oleg 's brother , Gleb , was also an actor and a Distinguished Artist of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic ( 1974 ) . Gleb died in 1985 . Oleg is the father of the Russian actor , writer , producer , and director Aleksandr Strizhenov ( husband of actress Yekaterina Strizhenova ) .
Awards
For his performance in The Queen of Spades ( Pikovaia Dama ) ( 1960 ) , Strizhenov received the Large Pushkin Gold Medal and was named Laureate and winner of the Gold Medal of the Irina Arkhipova Fund Musical . He was voted the best actor of the year in 1970 for his role as the pilot Egorov in `` Nepodsuden '' . He was named a People 's Artist of the Soviet Union in 1988 .
He was also awarded :
Medal `` For Valiant Labour in the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945 '' ( 1945 )
Order of Merit for the Fatherland ;
2nd class ( 19 October 2004 ) - For outstanding achievements in the field of cinema and many years of creative activity
3rd class ( 30 July 1999 ) - For outstanding contribution to the development of national cinema
Honoured Artist of the RSFSR ( 1964 )
People 's Artist of the RSFSR ( 1969 )
Selected filmography
Sporting Honour ( 1951 )
The Gadfly ( 1955 )
The Forty-first ( 1956 )
The Mexican ( 1955 )
Journey Beyond Three Seas ( 1957 )
Life in Your Hands ( 1958 )
The Captain 's Daughter ( 1958 )
The Queen of Spades ( 1960 )
Northern Story ( 1960 )
Optimistic Tragedy ( 1963 )
His name was Robert ( 1967 )
Not Under the Jurisdiction ( 1969 )
The Captivating Star of Happiness ( 1975 )
Start Liquidation ( 1983 )
External links
“ Oleg Strizhenov . Love of all life. `` Documentary
References
1929 births
Living people
People from Blagoveshchensk
Russian male film actors
Recipients of the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' , 2nd class
People 's Artists of the USSR
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
People 's Artists of the RSFSR
Soviet male film actors
Academicians of the National Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences of Russia
Nelson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 48,065 . Its county seat is Bardstown . Nelson County comprises the Bardstown , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Louisville/Jefferson County-Elizabethtown-Madison , KY-IN Combined Statistical Area .
History
The fourth county created in what is now Kentucky , it was formed from Jefferson County , Kentucky in 1784 , shortly after the Revolutionary War . The county was named for Thomas Nelson Jr. , the Virginia Governor who signed the Declaration of Independence . In 1807 , after Kentucky had become a state , a newly created Virginia county was named in his honor .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which are land and ( 1.5 % ) are covered by water .
Adjacent counties
Spencer County ( north )
Anderson County ( northeast )
Washington County ( east )
Marion County ( southeast )
LaRue County ( south )
Hardin County ( west )
Bullitt County ( northwest )
Demographics
As of the census of 2010 , 43,437 people inhabited the county . The population density was . Its 18,075 housing units averaged . The racial makeup of the county was 93.48 % White ( 90.93 % non-Hispanic ) , 5.03 % Black or African American , 0.12 % Native American , 0.50 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.78 % from other races , and 1.62 % from two or more races . About 2.04 % of the population was Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 16,826 households , 36.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.09 % were married couples living together , 13.19 % had a female householder with no husband present , 5.35 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 29.37 % were not families . Of all households , 24.41 % were made up of individuals , and 8.09 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.01 .
The age distribution was 25.98 % under 18 , 7.98 % from 18 to 24 , 26.47 % from 25 to 44 , 27.84 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.73 % who were 65 or older . The median age was 37.7 years . For every 100 females , there were 96.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.60 males .
Income data for Kentucky locations from the 2010 Census have not yet been released . As of the 2000 census , the median income for a household in the county was $ 39,010 , and for a family was $ 44,600 . Males had a median income of $ 32,015 versus $ 21,838 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,120 . About 10.00 % of families and 12.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.70 % of those under age 18 and 17.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Attractions and events
Many attractions and events are available in Bardstown . The following is outside the county seat :
Rooster Run is a general store located on Kentucky Route 245 halfway between Bardstown and Clermont , well known for baseball caps featuring its logo and a fiberglass rooster statue standing in front of the store . According to The Kentucky Encyclopedia , it is `` one of the best-known general stores in the country and one of Kentucky 's best-known unincorporated businesses '' .
Education
Two public school districts operate in the county :
The Nelson County School District serves K–12 students throughout the county , with the exception of most of the city of Bardstown and developed areas near the city limits . The district operates two K–8 schools , two elementary schools , two middle schools , an alternative school , a vocational-technical school , and two high schools .
The Bardstown City Schools serve students in most of the city of Bardstown , as well as much of the developed area immediately adjacent to the city limits . However , some areas of the city are instead served by the Nelson County district , and some of the Nelson County schools are physically within the Bardstown district . The district operates a preschool , an ungraded primary school ( K–2 ) , one elementary school , one middle school , and one high school . The preschool and primary school occupy separate buildings on adjacent plots of land in the north of the city , and the other schools are adjacent to one another near downtown .
Several private schools also operate in the county . The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville operates five schools in all—three K–8 schools , a fourth that educates grades 1 through 8 , and one high school . Several Protestant-affiliated schools also exist .
Politics
Notable residents
William Beall ; general in the Confederate Army
J. C. W. Beckham ; Governor of Kentucky
Linda Bruckheimer ; novelist and historic preservation activist
Joseph Seamon Cotter Sr. ; poet
Henry Pierson Crowe ; US Marine
Ephraim H. Foster ; Senator of Tennessee
James B. Graham ; Kentucky Auditor of Public Accounts
Benjamin E. Grey ; Congressman
Joseph Hanks ; great-grandfather of US President Abraham Lincoln
Ben Johnson ( politician ) ; lawyer and congressman
Silvester Johnson ; merchant
Monique Jones ; professional bodybuilder
Virgil Livers ; football cornerback
James Love ( Kentucky politician ) ; congressman
Joseph N. McCormack ; surgeon
Thomas Merton ; monk
Zachariah Montgomery ; lawyer and politician
Charles S. Morehead ; congressman and governor of Kentucky
Felix Newton Pitt ; monsignor
Daniel Rudd ; catholic journalist and civil rights leader
Catherine Spalding ; religious leader
Horace Speed ; pioneer and district attorney
Stith Thompson ; scholar of folklore
Bryan Young ( politician ) ; congressman
William Singleton Young ; congressman
Communities
Cities
Bardstown ( county seat )
Bloomfield
Fairfield
New Haven
Census-designated places
Boston
Chaplin
New Hope
Other unincorporated places
Balltown
Cedar Creek
Coxs Creek
Culvertown
Deatsville
Highgrove
Howardstown
Icetown
Lenore
Nazareth
Samuels
Trappist
Woodlawn
See also
Louisville-Jefferson County , KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nelson County , Kentucky
References
Further reading
External links
Government
General information
Bardstown-Nelson County Chamber of Commerce
Nelson County Public Library
Kentucky counties
1784 establishments in Virginia
Louisville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1784
Former counties of Virginia
rasdaman ( `` raster data manager '' ) is an Array DBMS , that is : a Database Management System which adds capabilities for storage and retrieval of massive multi-dimensional arrays , such as sensor , image , simulation , and statistics data . A frequently used synonym to arrays is raster data , such as in 2-D raster graphics ; this actually has motivated the name rasdaman . However , rasdaman has no limitation in the number of dimensions - it can serve , for example , 1-D measurement data , 2-D satellite imagery , 3-D x/y/t image time series and x/y/z exploration data , 4-D ocean and climate data , and even beyond spatio-temporal dimensions .
History
In 1989 , Peter Baumann started research on database support for images , then at Fraunhofer Computer Graphics Institute . Following an in-depth investigation on raster data formalizations in imaging , in particular the AFATL Image Algebra , he established a database model for multi-dimensional arrays , including a data model and declarative query language . pioneering the field of Array Databases . Today , multi-dimensional arrays are also known as Data Cubes .
At TU Munich , in the EU funded basic research project RasDaMan , a first prototype was established , on top of the O2 object-oriented DBMS , and tested in Earth and Life science applications . Over further EU funded projects , this system was completed and extended to support relational DBMSs .
A dedicated research spin-off , rasdaman GmbH , was established to give commercial support in addition to the research which subsequently has been continued at Jacobs University . Since then , both entities collaborate on the further development and use of the rasdaman technology .
Concepts
Data model
Based on an array algebra specifically developed for database purposes , rasdaman adds a new attribute type , array , to the relational model . As this array definition is parametrized it constitutes a second-order construct or template ; this fact is reflected by the second-order functionals in the algebra and query language .
For historical reasons , tables are called collections , as initial design emphasized an embedding into the object-oriented database standard , ODMG . Anticipating a full integration with SQL , rasdaman collections represent a binary relation with the first attribute being an object identifier and the second being the array . This allows the establishment of foreign key references between arrays and regular relational tuples .
Raster Query Language
The rasdaman query language , rasql , embeds itself into standard SQL and its set-oriented processing .
On the new attribute type , multi-dimensional arrays , a set of extra operations is provided which all are based on a minimal set of algebraically defined core operators , an array constructor ( which establishes a new array and fills it with values ) and an array condenser ( which , similarly to SQL aggregates , derives scalar summary information from an array ) . The query language is declarative ( and , hence , optimizable ) and safe in evaluation - that is : every query is guaranteed to return after a finite number of processing steps .
The rasql query guide provides details , here some examples may illustrate its use :
`` From all 4-D x/y/z/t climate simulation data cubes , a cutout which contains all in x , a y extract between 100 and 200 , all available along z , and a slice at position 42 ( effectively resulting in a 3-D x/y/z cube ) '' :
select c [ * : * , 100:200 , * : * , 42 ]
from ClimateSimulations as c
`` In all Landsat satellite images , suppress all non-green areas '' :
select img * ( img.green > 130 )
from LandsatArchive as img
Note : this is a very naive phrasing of vegetation search ; in practice one would use the NDVI formula , use null values for cloud masking , and several more techniques .
`` All MRI images where , in some region defined by the bit masks , intensity exceeds a threshold of 250 '' :
select img
from MRI as img , Masks as m
where some_cells ( img > 250 and m )
`` A 2-D x/y slice from all 4-D climate simulation data cubes , each one encoded in PNG format '' :
select png ( c [ * : * , * : * , 100 , 42 ] )
from ClimateSimulations as c
Architecture
Storage management
Raster objects are maintained in a standard relational database , based on the partitioning of a raster object into tiles . Aside from a regular subdivision , any user or system generated partitioning is possible . As tiles form the unit of disk access , it is of critical importance that the tiling pattern is adjusted to the query access patterns ; several tiling strategies assist in establishing a well-performing tiling . A geo index is employed to quickly determine the tiles affected by a query . Optionally , tiles are compressed using one of various choices , including lossless and lossy ( wavelet ) algorithms ; independently from that , query results can be compressed for transfer to the client . Both tiling strategy and compression comprise database tuning parameters .
Tiles and tile index are stored as BLOBs in a relational database which also holds the data dictionary needed by rasdaman 's dynamic type system . Adapters are available for several relational systems , among them open-source PostgreSQL .
For arrays larger than disk space , hierarchical storage management ( HSM ) support has been developed .
Query processing
Queries are parsed , optimised , and executed in the rasdaman server . The parser receives the query string and generates the operation tree . Further , it applies algebraic optimisation rules to the query tree where applicable ; of the 150 algebraic rewriting rules , 110 are actually optimising while the other 40 serve to transform the query into canonical form . Parsing and optimization together take less than a millisecond on a laptop .
Execution follows a tile streaming paradigm : whenever possible , array tiles addressed by a query are fetched sequentially , and each tile is discarded after processing . This leads to an architecture scalable to data volumes exceeding server main memory by orders of magnitude .
Query execution is parallelised . First , rasdaman offers inter-query parallelism : A dispatcher schedules requests into a pool of server processes on a per-transaction basis . Intra-query parallelism transparently distributes query subtrees across available cores , GPUs , or cloud nodes .
Client APIs
The primary interface to rasdaman is the query language . Embeddings into C++ and Java APIs allow invocation of queries , as well as client-side convenience functions for array handling . Arrays per se are delivered in the main memory format of the client language and processor architecture , ready for further processing . Data format codecs allow retrieving arrays in common raster formats , such as CSV , PNG , and NetCDF .
A Web design toolkit , raswct , is provided which makes the creation of Web query frontends easy , including graphical widgets for parametrized query handling , such as sliders for thresholds in queries .
Geo Web Services
A Java servlet , petascope , running as a rasdaman client offers Web service interfaces specifically for geo data access , processing and filtering .
The following OGC standards are supported : WMS , WCS , WCPS , and WPS .
For WCS and WCPS , rasdaman is the reference implementation .
Status and license model
Today , rasdaman is a fully-fledged implementation offering select / insert / update / delete array query functionality . It is being used in both research and commercial installations .
In a collaboration of the original code owner , rasdaman GmbH and Jacobs University , a code split was performed in 2008 - 2009 resulting in rasdaman community , an open-source branch , and rasdaman enterprise , the commercial branch . Since then , rasdaman community is being maintained by Jacobs University whereas rasdaman enterprise remains proprietary to rasdaman GmbH .
The difference between both variants mainly consists of performance boosters ( such as specific optimization techniques ) intended to support particularly large databases , user numbers , and complex queries ; Details are available on the rasdaman community website .
The rasdaman community license releases the server in GPL and all client parts in LGPL , thereby allowing the use of the system in any kind of license environment .
Impact and use
Being the first Array DBMS shipped ( first prototype available in 1996 ) , rasdaman has shaped this recent database research domain . Concepts of the data and query model ( declarativeness , sometimes choice of operators ) find themselves in more recent approaches .
In 2008 , the Open Geospatial Consortium released the Web Coverage Processing Service standard which defines a raster query language based on the concept of a coverage . Operator semantics is influenced by the rasdaman array algebra .
EarthLook is a showcase for OGC coverage standards in action , offering 1-D through 4-D use cases of raster data access and ad-hoc processing . EarthLook is built on rasdaman .
A sample large project in which rasdaman is being used for large-scale services in all Earth sciences is EarthServer , six services with a volume of at least 100 terabytes each have been set up for integrated data / metadata retrieval and distributed query processing .
References
Free database management systems
Proprietary database management systems
NoSQL
Query languages
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of eight events , four for men and four for women .
Seven countries ( Norway , Austria , Canada , Estonia , Iceland , Japan and the Netherlands ) took part and Norway pulled off an almost complete clean sweep of the medals , winning all eight gold medals , all eight silver , and seven of the eight bronze - with the sole other going to Austria .
Medal summary
Men 's events
Women 's events
References
1994 Winter Paralympics events
1994
Two Monks ( Spanish : Dos monjes ) is a 1934 Mexican expressionist melodrama film directed by Juan Bustillo Oro and starring Víctor Urruchúa and Carlos Villatoro .
Production
Filmed in black-and-white on 35 mm Academy ratio film .
Plot
In a Gothic monastery , an ailing monk , Brother Javier , has been acting out with violent emotions . The prior , fearing that he might be possessed by evil spirits , asks a new monk , Brother Juan , to tend to him . When Juan enters Javier 's cell , the two recognize each other , and Juan runs out , followed by Javier , who strikes him with a crucifix and retreats back to his cell .
Questioned by the prior , Javier reveals that he and Juan had once been best friends but that Juan had betrayed him . He then relates this story through a flashback . Some time before , Javier is a consumptive composer working on a song . Ana , a young woman who lives in the next house , sings along with him but is forced away from the window by her parents . When a prospective suitor calls on Ana , Javier is pleased to see that she has driven him away , but she is cast out by her parents . Javier and his mother take Ana in , and Javier eventually proposes marriage .
Javier is happy to see his friend Juan return from a long voyage , but as the two friends and Ana spend time together , Juan seems attracted to Ana while Javier 's illness becomes more severe . Apparently recovering , Juan is surprised when Javier tells him that he must go away again and asks Javier one evening to help his lawyer review some business matters . Feeling ill , Javier returns to home early only to find Ana pushing herself away from Juan 's embrace . Javier strikes Juan , who pulls out a pistol . When Juan shoots , though , Ana rushes between the two men and is killed . In his monastery cell , Javier concludes his story and asks the prior for absolution . The prior , though , tells Javier that he must seek it from Juan .
Juan also confesses and relates his version of the events described by Juan . He reveals that he and Ana had been in love before she met Javier , but the two were forced to part . Ana is still in love with Juan , but she feels obligated to marry Javier in gratitude for his support of her . When Javier becomes gravely ill , Ana believes that a marriage to him will be a short one , but Javier 's apparent recovery leads Juan to plan to go far away from Ana . Sending Javier to his lawyer 's office , Juan uses the occasion to see Ana one last time , but he is overcome by his emotions and tries to kiss her . Just then Javier returns , and in Juan 's version of the story , it is Javier who accidentally shoots and kills Ana .
Javier , now gravely ill and mentally overcome , runs out of his cell to the monastery 's pipe organ , where he plays a dissonant version of the song he had earlier been composing . Turning around , he sees the prior and other monks gathered and envisions them as primitive grosteque figures about to attack him , and he collapses . Juan rushes to him and holds his former friend as Javier dies . The last image is of a cross above the door , suggesting some redemption .
Cast
Víctor Urruchúa as Juan
Carlos Villatoro as Javier
Magda Haller as Ana
Beltrán de Heredia as Prior
Emma Roldán as Gertrudis
Reception
In 2020 Two Monks was added to the Criterion Collection , spine # 1048 . Its visual style was compared to German Expressionism by Criterion , who praised it as `` vividly stylized , broodingly intense . '' Charles Ramírez Berg called it an `` existential mystery [ … ] a brooding meditation on why things happened the way they did and an inconclusive inquiry into whether they could have happened some other way . '' The use of flashbacks giving contradictory accounts of the same event has been compared to Rashomon ( 1950 ) , which Two Monks preceded by 16 years . On the other hand , Carl J. Mora dismissed it as a `` timid experiment '' in his Mexican Films : A General History , 1896-1976 ( 1981 ) .
References
External links
Dos monjes : Expressionism a la Mexicana an essay by Elisa Lozano at the Criterion Collection
1934 drama films
Mexican horror drama films
1930s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Juan Bustillo Oro
The grey-collared oriole ( Oriolus forsteni ) , or Seram oriole , is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae . It is endemic to Seram .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
grey-collared oriole
Birds of Seram
grey-collared oriole
grey-collared oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
King Island is a small island situated near the western shore of Waskesiu Lake . The island is named for William Lyon Mackenzie King , local Member of Parliament and Canadian Prime Minister who established Prince Albert National Park . The island features a hiking trail and picnic facilities . Prior to its current name , the island was known locally as Devil 's Island due to a Cree legend that claimed it was inhabited by supernatural creatures of a mischievous or demonic nature .
References
Prince Albert National Park
Uninhabited islands of Saskatchewan
Lake islands of Saskatchewan
The conservation and restoration of copper and copper-alloy objects is the preservation and protection of objects of historical and personal value made from copper or copper alloy . When applied to items of cultural heritage , this activity is generally undertaken by a conservator-restorer .
Historically , objects made from copper or copper alloy were created for religious , artistic , technical , military , and domestic uses . The act of conservation and restoration strives to prevent and slow the deterioration of the object as well as protecting the object for future use . The prevention and removal of surface dirt and corrosion products are the primary concerns of conservator-restorers when dealing with copper or copper-alloy objects .
History
Copper Age
Copper occurs naturally as native copper and was known to some of the oldest civilizations on record . It has a history of use that is at least 10,000 years old , and estimates of its discovery place it at 9000 BC in the Middle East ; a copper pendant was found in northern Iraq that dates to 8700 BC . There is evidence that gold and meteoric iron ( but not iron smelting ) were the only metals used by humans before copper . The history of copper metallurgy is thought to have followed the following sequence : 1 ) cold working of native copper , 2 ) annealing , 3 ) smelting , and 4 ) the lost wax method . In southeastern Anatolia , all four of these metallurgical techniques appears more or less simultaneously at the beginning of the Neolithic c. 7500 BC . However , just as agriculture was independently invented in several parts of the world ( including Pakistan , China , and the Americas ) copper smelting was invented locally in several different places . It was probably discovered independently in China before 2800 BC , in Central America perhaps around 600 AD , and in West Africa about the 9th or 10th century AD . Investment casting was invented in 4500–4000 BC in Southeast Asia and carbon dating has established mining at Alderley Edge in Cheshire , UK at 2280 to 1890 BC . Ötzi the Iceman , a male dated from 3300–3200 BC , was found with an axe with a copper head 99.7 % pure ; high levels of arsenic in his hair suggest his involvement in copper smelting . Experience with copper has assisted the development of other metals ; in particular , copper smelting led to the discovery of iron smelting . Production in the Old Copper Complex in Michigan and Wisconsin is dated between 6000 and 3000 BC . Natural bronze , a type of copper made from ores rich in silicon , arsenic , and ( rarely ) tin , came into general use in the Balkans around 5500 BC . Previously the only tool made of copper had been the awl , used for punching holes in leather and gouging out peg-holes for wood joining . However , the introduction of a more robust form of copper led to the widespread use , and large-scale production of heavy metal tools , including axes , adzes , and axe-adzes .
Bronze Age
Alloying copper with tin to make bronze was first practiced about 4000 years after the discovery of copper smelting , and about 2000 years after `` natural bronze '' had come into general use . Bronze artifacts from Sumerian cities and Egyptian artifacts of copper and bronze alloys date to 3000 BC . The Bronze Age began in Southeastern Europe around 3700 - 3300 BC , in Northwestern Europe about 2500 BC . It ended with the beginning of the Iron Age , 2000-1000 BC in the Near East , 600 BC in Northern Europe . The transition between the Neolithic period and the Bronze Age was formerly termed the Chalcolithic period ( copper-stone ) , with copper tools being used with stone tools . This term has gradually fallen out of favor because in some parts of the world the Calcholithic and Neolithic are coterminous at both ends . Brass , an alloy of copper and zinc , is of much more recent origin . It was known to the Greeks , but became a significant supplement to bronze during the Roman Empire .
Antiquity and Middle Ages
In Greece , copper was known by the name ( χαλκός ) . It was an important resource for the Romans , Greeks and other ancient peoples . In Roman times , it was known as aes Cyprium , aes being the generic Latin term for copper alloys and Cyprium from Cyprus , where much copper was mined . The phrase was simplified to cuprum , hence the English copper . Aphrodite and Venus represented copper in mythology and alchemy , because of its lustrous beauty , its ancient use in producing mirrors , and its association with Cyprus , which was sacred to the goddess . The seven heavenly bodies known to the ancients were associated with the seven metals known in antiquity , and Venus was assigned to copper .
Britain 's first use of brass occurred around the 3rd–2nd century BC . In North America , copper mining began with marginal workings by Native Americans . Native copper is known to have been extracted from sites on Isle Royale with primitive stone tools between 800 and 1600 . Copper metallurgy was flourishing in South America , particularly in Peru around 1000 AD ; it proceeded at a much slower rate on other continents . Copper burial ornamentals from the 15th century have been uncovered , but the metal 's commercial production did not start until the early 20th century .
The cultural role of copper has been important , particularly in currency . Romans in the 6th through 3rd centuries BC used copper lumps as money . At first , the copper itself was valued , but gradually the shape and look of the copper became more important . Julius Caesar had his own coins made from brass , while Octavianus Augustus Caesar 's coins were made from Cu-Pb-Sn alloys . With an estimated annual output of around 15,000 t , Roman copper mining and smelting activities reached a scale unsurpassed until the time of the Industrial Revolution ; the provinces most intensely mined were those of Hispania , Cyprus and in Central Europe .
The gates of the Temple of Jerusalem used Corinthian bronze made by depletion gilding . It was most prevalent in Alexandria , where alchemy is thought to have begun . In ancient India , copper was used in the holistic medical science Ayurveda for surgical instruments and other medical equipment . Ancient Egyptians ( ~2400 BC ) used copper for sterilizing wounds and drinking water , and later on for headaches , burns , and itching . The Baghdad Battery , with copper cylinders soldered to lead , dates back to 248 BC to AD 226 and resembles a galvanic cell , leading people to believe this was the first battery ; the claim has not been verified .
Modern period
The Great Copper Mountain was a mine in Falun , Sweden , that operated from the 10th century to 1992 . It produced two thirds of Europe 's copper demand in the 17th century and helped fund many of Sweden 's wars during that time . It was referred to as the nation 's treasury ; Sweden had a copper backed currency .
The uses of copper in art were not limited to currency : it was used by Renaissance sculptors , in photographic technology known as the daguerreotype , and the Statue of Liberty . Copper plating and copper sheathing for ships ' hulls was widespread ; the ships of Christopher Columbus were among the earliest to have this feature . The Norddeutsche Affinerie in Hamburg was the first modern electroplating plant starting its production in 1876 . The German scientist Gottfried Osann invented powder metallurgy in 1830 while determining the metal 's atomic mass ; around then it was discovered that the amount and type of alloying element ( e.g. , tin ) to copper would affect bell tones . Flash smelting was developed by Outokumpu in Finland and first applied at Harjavalta in 1949 ; the energy-efficient process accounts for 50 % of the world 's primary copper production .
The Intergovernmental Council of Copper Exporting Countries , formed in 1967 with Chile , Peru , Zaire and Zambia , played a similar role for copper as OPEC does for oil . It never achieved the same influence , particularly because the second-largest producer , the United States , was never a member ; it was dissolved in 1988 .
Metallurgy
Corrosion
Conservation
Historical objects
Documentation
Systematic and well-managed documentation is today an essential prerequisite for quality executed conservation and restoration treatments , including documentation of the state of objects before , during and after treatment . Identification of materials and procedures used to produce object and the results of any scientific research must be part of documentation too . Last but not least , an integral part of the documentation must be a recommendation for further care of object .
Research
identification of metals , alloys and metallic coatings
identification of other organic/inorganic materials
identification of corrosion products and processes
identification of technology used to produce object
Decision making
In preparing the strategy of the metals conservation project interdisciplinary approach to the same is essential . It implies the participation of as many experts as is possible , as a minimum , we can take curator ( archaeologist , historian , art historian ) , scientists specialized for corrosion of metallic objects of cultural heritage and the conservator - restorer
Cleaning
Consolidation
Stabilization
benzotriazole
Protective coatings
clearcoats - Paraloid B-72 - Incralac - Ormocer - Everbrite Coating - Pantarol A
waxes - Renaissance Wax - Cosmolloid 80 H - Dinitrol 4010 - Poligen ES 91 009
combinations - Paraloid B-72 + topcoat Renaissance Wax etc .
Archaeology objects
Documentation
Research
Decision making
Cleaning
mechanical
-Microsandblasting
-Dry ice blasting
-Scalpel or scraper
High speed micromotor
-Steel or ceramic burs and cutters
-Abrasive wheels
-Wire brushes
-Glass fibre brushes and pens
-Setting hammer
Consolidation
Stabilization
chloride removal
corrosion inhibitors
-benzotriazole .
-4 methyl imidazole
-tannin
-ammonium sulphide
Protective coatings
clearcoats - Paraloid B-72 - Incralac - Ormocer - Everbrite Coating - Pantarol A
waxes - Renaissance Wax - Cosmolloid 80 H - Dinitrol 4010 - Poligen ES 91 009
combinations - Paraloid B-72 + topcoat Renaissance Wax etc .
Preventive conservation
The items should be stored in rooms that are protected from polluted air , dust , ultraviolet radiation , and excessive relative humidity - ideal values are temperature of 16-20 °C and up to 40 % ( 35-55 % according to recent Canadian Conservation Institute recommendations ) relative humidity , noting that if metal is combined with organic materials , relative humidity should not be below 45 % . Archaeological objects must be stored in rooms ( or plastic boxes ) with very low relative humidity , or in the case of particularly valuable items in the chambers with nitrogen or argon . Copper or copper alloy objects with active corrosion up to 35 % RH . Shelves in the storerooms must be of stainless steel or chlorine and acetate free plastic or powder coated steel . Wood and wood based products ( particle board , plywood ) must be avoided . Also do not use rubber , felt or wool . When you are handling metal objects , always wear clean cotton gloves . Lighting levels must be kept below 300 lux ( up to 150 lux in case of lacquered or painted objects , up to 50 lux in case of objects with light sensitive materials ) .
See also
Conservation and restoration of metals
Conservation and restoration of ferrous objects
Conservation and restoration of glass objects
Conservation and restoration of ivory objects
Conservation and restoration of ceramic objects
Conservation and restoration of silver objects
References
Further reading
Books
Selwyn , L. Metals and Corrosion - A Handbook for the Conservation Professional , Ottawa 2004 .
Scott , D.A . Metallography and Microstructure of Ancient and Historic Metals , Santa Monica 1991 . ( online )
Scott , D.A . Ancient and Historic Metals - Conservation and Scientific Research , Santa Monica 1994 . ( online )
Scott , D.A . Copper and Bronze in Art - Corrosion , Colorants , Conservation , Los Angeles 2002 . ( online )
Cronyn , J.M . The Elements of Archaeological Conservation , London 1990 .
Rodgers , B . The Archaeologist Manual for Conservation - A Guide to Non-toxic , Minimal Intervention Artifact Stabilization , New York 2004 .
La Niece , S . and Craddock , P . Metal Plating and Patination : Cultural , Technical and Historical Developments , Boston 1993 .
Copper
Conservation and restoration of cultural heritage
Nikita Akinfiyevich Demidov ( ) ( 7 September 1724 – 7 May 1789 ) was a Russian industrialist and arts patron .
Life
He was the younger son of Akinfiy Demidov , brother of Prokofi Demidov and father of Nikolai Demidov .
He was married three times : firstly to Natalia Yakovlevna Evreinova ( 1732-1756 ) , secondly to Maria Sverchkova ( 1644–1776 ) and thirdly to Alexandra Evtikhievna Safonova ( 1745-1778 ) .
His children from the first marriage were :
Akinfiy Nikitich Demidov and
Elizaveta Nikitichna Demidova .
From the third marriage :
Jekaterina Nikitichna Lvova ( 1772-1832 ) ,
Nikolai Nikitich Demidov and
Maria Nikititchina Durnova ( 1776-1847 ) .
Inheriting mines and metallurgical factories in the Urals and Siberia ( he left eight such factories , a huge annual income and 12,000 serfs to his son Nikolay on his death ) , he was also a major landowner , with properties in central and southern Russia and in Italy .
He was an amateur scientist , the first member of the Demidov family to protect the arts actively and a major traveller , journeying abroad to see Europe 's industrial innovations , manners and culture . In 1786 he published a Journal of his foreign travels , and also corresponded with Voltaire and Diderot . In 1779 he set up a medal to reward a success in mechanics , to be decided by the Russian Academy of Sciences .
References
1724 births
1789 deaths
Scientists of the Russian Empire
Philanthropists of the Russian Empire
Explorers from the Russian Empire
18th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Nikita
18th-century philanthropists
Milutin `` Mima '' Karadžić ( born 9 April 1955 in Bijelo Polje , Montenegro , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin and Serbian actor , producer , and occasionally , a singer .
Though he had a few notable supporting roles in feature films , the majority of his acting work is tied to television .
Milutin Karadzic is a founder of MMPRODUCTION production house from Budva , Montenegro .
Filmography
Alexander of Yugoslavia ( 2021 ) TV Series .... Puniša Račić
Komšije ( 2015–2018 ) TV Series .... Mašan Čerović
Budva na pjenu od mora ( 2012 )
Promeni me ( 2007 )
Potera za Srećom ( 2005 ) .... Vukota
Sivi kamion crvene boje ( 2004 ) .... Sredoje
Volim te najviše na svetu ( 2003 ) .... Dragutin - Guta
Mješoviti brak ( 2003–2007 ) TV Series .... Vojin Čađenović
Ledina ( 2003 ) .... Blatobrk
Ko ćeka doćeka ( 2002 ) ( TV )
Porodično blago 2 ( 2001 ) TV Series .... Govedarević
Sve je za ljude ( 2001 ) .... Orlović
U ime oca i sina ( 1999 ) .... Vukota
Džandrljivi muž ( 1998 ) ( TV ) .... Mita
Porodično blago ( 1998 ) TV Series .... Govedarević
Udri jače manijace ( 1995 ) .... Bane
Oridjinali ( 1995 ) ( mini ) TV Series .... Niša
Three Tickets to Hollywood ( 1993 ) .... Globus
Policajac sa Petlovog brda ( 1992 )
Policajac sa Petlovog Brda ( 1992 ) ( mini ) TV Series
Prokleta je Amerika ( 1992 ) .... ( segment `` Kroz prasume Južne Amerike '' )
Prva bračna noć ( 1992 ) ( TV )
Volim i ja nerandže ... no trpim ( 1992 ) TV Series .... Stojan
Tesna koža 4 ( 1991 ) .... Blažo
Ljubav je hleb sa devet kora ( 1990 ) ( TV )
Hajde da se volimo 3 ( 1990 )
Bolji život ( 1990-1991 ) TV Series .... Danilo Zekavica
Ozaloscena porodica ( 1990 ) ( TV ) .... Trifun Spasić
Drugarica ministarka ( 1989 ) TV Series
Atoski vrtovi - preobrazenje ( 1989 )
Boj na Kosovu ( 1989 ) .... Strazar
Kroz prasume Južne Amerike ( 1989 ) ( TV ) .... Milenče
Specijalna redakcija ( 1989 ) TV Series .... Radovan Mrak
Sveti Georgije ubiva aždahu ( 1989 ) ( TV ) .... Krivi Luka
Tajna manastirske rakije ( 1988 ) .... Petar
Hajde da se volimo ( 1987 )
Oktoberfest ( 1987 ) .... Vojnik
Iznenadna i prerana smrt pukovnika K.K . ( 1987 ) ( TV )
Milan - Dar ( 1987 ) ( TV )
Slučaj Harms ( 1987 ) .... Invalid instruktor
Uvek spremne žene ( 1987 ) .... Ginekolog
Vuk Karadžić ( 1987 ) TV Series
Druga Zikina dinastija ( 1986 ) .... Komsija Paja
Lepota poroka ( 1986 ) .... Luka
Majstor i Šampita ( 1986 ) .... Bora , milicioner
Medved 007 ( 1986 ) ( TV ) .... Pešić
Odlazak ratnika , povratak maršala ( 1986 ) ( mini ) TV Series
Smešne i druge priće ( 1986 ) TV Series .... Anin muz
Šest dana juna ( 1985 ) .... Pilot
Debeli i mršavi ( 1985 ) .... Majstor
Nema problema ( 1984 ) .... Fudbaler sa šrafčigerom
Vojnici ( 1984 ) .... Božo Brajović-Njegoš
Davitelj protiv davitelja ( 1984 ) .... Mitrović
Maj nejm iz Mitar ( 1984 ) ( TV ) .... Obren
O pokojniku sve najlepše ( 1984 ) .... Orlović
Sivi do ( 1984 ) TV Series .... Miksa
Kako sam sistematski uništen od idiota ( 1983 ) .... Miličioner u Igalu
Trinaesti jul ( 1982 ) .... Narodni milicajac
Erogena zona ( 1981 ) .... Fudbaler
Poslednji cin ( 1981 ) TV Series
Slučaj Bogoljuba Šavkovića - Livca ( 1981 ) .... Bogoljub Šavković
Vojnici ( 1980 ) ( mini ) TV Series .... Božo Brajović-Njegoš
Sedam sekretara SKOJ-a ( 1978 ) ( mini ) TV Series
External links
1955 births
Living people
People from Bijelo Polje
Drobnjaci
Montenegrin male actors
20th-century Serbian male actors
Serbian male film actors
Actors from Nikšić
21st-century Montenegrin male actors
21st-century Serbian male actors
Serbian male television actors
Etiella behrii is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae . It is found in Hong Kong , Indonesia , Malaysia and most of Australia .
The wingspan is about 10 mm .
The larvae are considered an agricultural pest on peanut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , Chamaecytisus prolifer , sky lupine ( Lupinus nanus ) , alfalfa ( Medicago sativa ) , pea ( Pisum sativum ) and soybean ( Glycine species ) .
References
Phycitini
Moths described in 1848
Moths of Asia
Moths of Australia
Moths of New Zealand
Taxa named by Philipp Christoph Zeller
Chak Bedi ( ) , is a historical town of Pakpattan a district in Punjab . It is part of Pakpattan Tehsil . It is one of the largest town of Pakpattan District .
Location
It lies on the Pakpattan-Depalpur Road ( Previously Delhi Multan Road ) about 57 kilometers ( 35.00 miles ) away from Sahiwal , a Division of Punjab Province .
Geography
Chak Bedi is approximately centered at with the altitude of 167 metres ( 490 ft ) . It is located on the Pakpattan-Depalpur road , only 20 km ( approx . ) from Pakpattan .
References
Populated places in Pakpattan District
The National Bureau of Statistics ( ) , abbreviated as NBS , is an deputy-cabinet level agency directly under the State Council of the People 's Republic of China . It is responsible for collection , investigation , research and publication of statistics concerning the nation 's economy , population and other aspects of the society . Ning Jizhe is the commissioner of the bureau since 2016 .
Responsibilities
The bureau 's authority and responsibilities are defined in China 's Statistics Law . It is responsible for the research of the nation 's overall statistics and oversee the operations of its local counterparts .
Organizations
The bureau is led by a commissioner , with several deputy commissioners ( currently four ) , a chief methodologist , a chief economist , and a chief information officer . It is composed of 18 departments , oversees 12 affiliated institutions and manages 32 survey organizations stationed in respective provinces . It also operates China Statistics Press .
The national bureau has 535 employees as authorized by the State Council .
Commissioner
The current commissioner is Ning Jizhe , who assumed office in February 2016 .
Xue Muqiao ( August 1952 – November 1958 )
Jia Qiyun ( November 1958 – June 1961 )
Wang Sihua ( June 1961 – December 1969 )
Chen Xian ( September 1974 – October 1981 )
Li Chengrui ( October 1981 – May 1984 )
Zhang Sai ( May 1984 – February 1997 )
Liu Hong ( February 1997 – June 2000 )
Zhu Zhixin ( June 2000 – March 2003 )
Li Deshui ( March 2003 – March 2006 )
Qiu Xiaohua ( March 2006 – October 2006 )
Xie Fuzhan ( October 2006 – September 2008 )
Ma Jiantang ( September 2008 – April 2015 )
Wang Bao'an ( April 2015 – January 2016 )
Ning Jizhe ( February 2016 – present )
Access
Its Statistical Communiqué on the National Economic and Social Development and the China Statistical Yearbook are the bureau 's most notable publications . It also runs and publishes the national census of economy , population and agriculture .
Internet
National Data ( National Statistical Data Repository ) is operated by the bureau , which have both Chinese and English interfaces . All publishable statistical results by the bureau are released on this website , includes monthly , quarterly , and annual data of price indices , industrial data etc .
Since December 2018 , the agency began to release detailed dataset to authorized researchers and universities , which uses an application-based system for researchers resides within China . This includes dataset from the 3rd economic census , 6th population census , 3rd agricultural census , sampled 1 % population survey of 2015 , residents income survey and financials survey on industrial enterprises above designated size .
Archive
The bureau also operates an archive filled with almanacs ever published by the bureau since 1982 , some of the files are not digitalized , hence only accessible through the archive . Citizens can access the archive with their national identification card .
See also
Census in China
2010 Chinese census
Economic statistics
References
External links
National Data , open national data repository of China .
THE STATUS QUO AND ISSUES OF R & D STATISTICS IN CHINA
Government agencies of China
China
State Council of the People 's Republic of China
The Norrköping tramway network ( ) is a system of trams forming a principal part of the public transport services in Norrköping , Sweden . It has been in service since 1904 , and is , along with the larger Gothenburg tram network , one of only two city-centre tramways in Sweden that survived the switch to right-hand traffic in 1967 , which led to the replacement of most Swedish tramways with buses to reduce the cost of replacing their now-unusable fleets .
Routes
Since 1966 , there are two routes in the system . Line 2 runs from Fridvalla in the north to Ringdansen in the south along Östra Promenaden in the city centre . Line 3 runs between Vidablick in the north and Klockaretorpet in the south-west via Drottninggatan in the city centre . Both lines stop at the Norrköping Central Station ( Resecentrum ) where they provide interchange with the national railway network . Interchange with intracity , intercity and suburban bus routes are provided at mainly Resecentrum and Söder tull .
Until 1958 , a separate Line 1 trafficked the city centre as a loop , using the stretch of tracks in Kungsgatan ( that was since removed in 1961 ) . There is a modern heritage tram Line 1 , trafficked with heritage trams from the tram museum in Norrköping , but it operates only seasonally ( i.e . summers-only ) .
, Line 2 has been extended to Ringdansen . Until 2006 , the Line ended in Klingsberg . In the early 21st century , work began to extend the Line to Ringdansen , some south of Klingsberg . The first part of the extension , to Ljura , opened in 2006 – this stage was only some 350 meters long . This section leaves the Klingsberg track at the Albrektsvägen stop , which means that Klingsberg lost its tram service . Work on the second stage started in 2009 , and on October 21 , 2010 some of new tramway opened , from Ljura to Trumpetaregatan in Hageby . The third section , from Trumpetaregatan to Ringdansen , was inaugurated exactly one year later , October 21 , 2011 .
Operations
The Norrköping tramway is a standard-gauge electrically powered system , operated by Transdev on behalf of the regional transport authority , ÖstgötaTrafiken . The infrastructure and the tramcars are , however , property of Norrköping Municipality . It has track loops at the end of the lines and at various other points to allow turnbacks , as older trams were uni-directional . Today most trams are bi-directional but they are operated as uni-directional . The tram depot is located off Östra Promenaden , between the Djäkneparksskolan and Centralbadet stops .
Rolling stock
Norrköping 's fleet includes ten Duewag ( designation M97 ) trams and 16 Bombardier Flexity Classic ( designation M06 ) .
Formerly in service were the single ex-Bremen and the three ex-Munich Type GT6N prototypes , which were withdrawn from service in 2015 after the catenary voltage was raised from 600 to 750 volts . The ex-Bremen tram ( the world 's first modern low floor tram ) was returned to the north-german city for preservation .
As a stop gap measure six Tatra T6A2D were bought from Berlin 's transit agency BVG until the arrival of the Flexity Classic on loan to Stockholm in January and February 2011 . After arrival of the remaining M06 all Tatra trams were withdrawn from service also due to expiring certificates . There are plans to convert one T6A2D into a maintenance vehicle .
Network Map
See also
List of town tramway systems in Europe
List of town tramway systems in Sweden
Notes
References
External links
Norrköping commune 's official tramway web site
ÖstgötaTrafiken
Tram Travels : Östgötatrafiken
Track plan of the Norrköping tram system
Tramway
Rail transport in Östergötland County
Tram transport in Sweden
Norrköping
Train-related introductions in 1904
1904 establishments in Sweden
Ōsaka 7th district ( 大阪府第7区 , Osaka-fu dai-nana-ku or simply 大阪7区 , Ōsaka-nana-ku ) is a single-member constituency of the House of Representatives in the national Diet of Japan . It is located in Northern central Ōsaka and covers the cities of Suita and Settsu . As of 2012 , 352,998 eligible voters were registered in the district .
Before the introduction of parallel voting and single-member districts , the area had been part of the five-member Ōsaka 3rd district .
The current Representative for Ōsaka 7th district is Liberal Democrat Naomi Tokashiki ( Nukaga faction ) who won one of only three seats for the Liberal Democratic Party in Osaka in 2012 . The previous incumbent , Osamu Fujimura , Chief Cabinet Secretary in the Noda cabinet , only ranked third – in 2012 , the Democratic Party was reduced to third or even fourth party in many of Osaka 's electoral districts , and nationwide seven sitting members of the Noda cabinet lost their seat in the House of Representatives . Fujimura had represented the pre-reform 3rd district for the Japan New Party since 1993 and won the new 7th district in 1996 . He held onto the seat until the landslide election of 2005 when Tokashiki , then a newcomer in national politics , beat him for the first time . Fujimura regained his district seat in 2009 .
List of representatives
Election results
References
Politics of Osaka Prefecture
Districts of the House of Representatives ( Japan )
Jose-Roberto Sierra Aguerro ( born 21 March 1967 in Camargo ) is a former Spanish cyclist . He participated in 5 Tours de France , 1 Giro d'Italia , and 4 Vuelta a España .
Major results
1996
1st Vuelta a La Rioja
References
1967 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
People from Camargo , Cantabria
Cyclists from Cantabria
Karangu ( , also Romanized as Karangū ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2066 census , its population was 330,000 in 666 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The following is a list of events and releases that happened in 2021 in African music .
Events
14 March – At the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards , Nigerian musician Burna Boy wins the Grammy Award for Best Global Music Album and is among the live performers .
18 June – South African soprano Masabane Cecilia Rangwanasha wins the Song Prize at the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition .
9 August – In recognition of South African Women 's Day , Apple Music launches the third part of its Visionary Women campaign , celebrating female artists such as Makhadzi .
October – CKay 's `` Love Nwantiti '' becomes the most-watched music video on YouTube , the first song from Africa to achieve this .
14 November – The 8th African Muzik Magazine Awards takes place in Dallas , Texas .
Albums released in 2021
Deaths
January 8 – Dorine Mokha , 31 , Congolese dancer and choreographer ( malaria )
January 22 – Guem , 73 , Algerian singer , composer and dancer .
January 23
Jonas Gwangwa , 83 , South African jazz musician
Ahmed Achour , 75 , Tunisian composer and conductor
January 28 – Sibongile Khumalo , 63 , South African singer
January 31 – Wambali Mkandawire ( Mtebeti Wambali Mkandawire ) , 68 , Malawian jazz singer and activist .
February 5 – Abdoul Jabbar , 40–41 , Guinean singer-songwriter
February 16 – Soul Jah Love , 31 , Zimbabwean reggae/Zimdancehall musician ( complications from diabetes )
March 7 – Josky Kiambukuta , 72 , Congolese singer ( TPOK Jazz ) .
March 14 – Thione Seck , 66 , Senegalese mbalakh singer and musician
April 5 – Haja El Hamdaouia , 91 , Moroccan singer and songwriter , known for Chaabi and Aita
April 18 – Naïma Ababsa , 51 , Algerian singer
April 27 – Sammy Kasule , 69 , Ugandan musician and singer
May 7 – Jamal Salameh , 75 , Egyptian songwriter and composer
June 21 – Mamady Keïta , 70 , Guinean drummer
June 22 – Mzilikazi Khumalo , 89 , South African composer and academic
June 25 – Wes Madiko , 57 , Cameroonian singer
July 1 – Steve Kekana , 63 , South African singer
July 11 – Sound Sultan ( Olanrewaju Abdul-Ganiu Fasasi ) , 44 , Nigerian rapper and hip hop pioneer ( angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma )
August 3 – Allan Stephenson , 71 , British-born South African cellist , conductor and composer
August 9 ( killed in car crash )
Khanya `` The Voice '' Hadebe , 20s , South African amapiano musician
Killer Kau , 23 , South African amapiano musician
Mpura , 20s South African amapiano musician
August 28 – Victor Uwaifo , 80 , Nigerian ogbonge musician and cultural figure
August 31 – Nobesuthu Mbadu , 76 , South African mbaqanga singer
September 2 – Alemayehu Eshete , 80 , Ethiopian singer
September 28 – Nana Ampadu , 76 , Ghanaian musician
October 3 – Anouman Brou Félix , 86 , Ivorian Akyé musician
October 8 – Rabah Driassa , 87 , Algerian artist and folk singer
November 7 – Bopol Mansiamina , 72 , Congolese guitarist , vocalist , composer , and producer
November 17 – Theuns Jordaan , 50 , South African singer-songwriter ( leukaemia )
December 27 – Defao , 62 , Congolese singer-songwriter , COVID-19 .
See also
2021 in music
References
Africa
African music
2021 in Africa
This page details American Samoa national football team records and statistics ; the most capped players , the players with the most goals and American Samoa 's match record by opponent .
American Samoa played their first full international match against Papua New Guinea , which ended in a 20–0 loss . Their national team have suffered the world 's biggest international defeat , by losing to Australia 31–0 . American Samoa have only won against Cook Islands and Tonga . American Samoa have by far lost to all of these teams at least once .
Individual records
Player records
Appearances
Most appearances
Nicky Salapu – 22
Uasi Heleta – 17
Ramin Ott – 15
Jaiyah Saelua – 15
Travis Pita Senapati – 13
Natia Natia – 10
Ryan Samuelu – 9
Pesamino Victor – 9
Maika Molesi – 8
Source :
Youngest player
Jaiyah Saelua – 15 years 300 days vs. Fiji on 15 May 2004
Oldest player
Nicky Salapu – 38 years 308 days vs. Tahiti on 18 July 2019
Goals
First goal
Duane Atuelevao – 12 March 2002 vs. Tonga
Most goals
Ramin Ott – 3
Most goals in a match
Demetrius Beauchamp – 2 vs. Samoa on 31 August 2015
Manager records
Team records
Biggest victory – 3–0 vs. Wallis and Futuna on 22 August 1983
Heaviest defeat – 0–31 vs. Australia on 11 April 2001
Most consecutive victories – 2 ; achieved September 2015
Most consecutive matches without defeats – 2 ; achieved November 2011 and September 2015
Most consecutive matches without victory – 37 between 24 August 1983 and 5 September 2011
Most consecutive matches without scoring – 7 between 27 August 2007 and 5 September 2011
Competition records
FIFA World Cup
Notes
OFC Nations Cup
The OFC Nations Cup has often acted as part of the FIFA World Cup qualification process for Oceanian national teams and , as a result , American Samoa have competed in the qualifiers for both competitions in every edition since 1998 . They have yet to qualify for either competition .
Notes
Pacific Games
Notes
Head-to-head record
The following table shows the American Samoa national football team 's all-time international record . The statistics are composed of FIFA World Cup , OFC Nations Cup , Polynesia Cup and Pacific Games matches , as well as international friendlies .
Performances
Up to matches played on 18 July 2019 .
Performance by competition
Notes
Performance by venue
References
American Samoa national football team records and statistics
National association football team records and statistics
Voshon Kelan Lenard ( born May 14 , 1973 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played 11 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He was listed as 6 ' 4 '' ( 1.93 m ) and 215 lbs , and was born in Detroit , Michigan .
College career
Lenard played college basketball at the University of Minnesota . After his junior season , he decided to test the waters of the NBA , and declared himself eligible for the draft . The Milwaukee Bucks selected Lenard in the second round of the 1994 NBA Draft . Lenard subsequently opted instead to return to Minnesota to play out his senior season . He finished his career with the Golden Gophers as the school 's all-time leading scorer with 2,103 points .
Professional career
After graduating , Lenard went on to play in the minor-league Continental Basketball Association ( CBA ) . He averaged 30.1 points per game in 18 games for the Oklahoma City Cavalry during the 1995–96 season . He left in mid-season when he signed a contract with the Miami Heat of the NBA .
Miami Heat ( 1995–2000 )
Lenard played in 30 games for Miami to finish the 1996 season , averaging 5.9 points a game off the bench . The franchise had recently been rebuilt led by head coach Pat Riley and featured all-stars Alonzo Mourning , Tim Hardaway and another shooting guard who would split minutes with Lenard , Dan Majerle .
Lenard increased his scoring to 12.3 points a game in the 1996–1997 season , as he started in 47 of 73 games for a Heat team that posted its then best season in franchise history with 61 regular-season wins , and a playoff run that included a first ever trip to the Eastern Conference Finals . Lenard was particularly effective at shooting from beyond the three-point line , placing 7th in the league in three-point shots made and 10th in the league in three-point shooting percentage . The season also featured a memorable moment for Lenard and the Heat , when on December 11 in a road game against the Cleveland Cavaliers he scrambled for a loose ball rebound with 3 seconds left and the game tied , managing to launch and make a double-pump leaning shot to give Miami the big road win and one of the most memorable game winners in Miami Heat history . In the playoffs Lenard started in all 17 games for the Heat , averaging 11.4 points a game including a 24-point playoff debut against the Orlando Magic in the first round and 19 points in the series clinching 5th game . Miami would face the New York Knicks in the semifinals , a series that would go to 7 games in which Lenard scored 22 points in game 3 and 21 in game 5 . Miami would go on to lose in 5 games to the defending champion Chicago Bulls in the East Finals .
The now proven and popular Lenard would then start in 81 games in the 1997–1998 season , averaging 12.6 points a game while continuing to shoot 40 percent from three-point range . The Heat would make the playoffs but would lose in the first round to New York in 5 games in the first round , with Lenard averaging 14.4 points during the series . An injury would force Lenard to play in just 12 games in the lockout shortened 1998–1999 season , in which Miami again fell to the Knicks in the first round .
In the 1999–2000 season Lenard played mostly off the bench , but averaged double-figure scoring with 11.9 points a game while shooting 39 percent from three-point range . Injuries would keep him out of the tail end of the season as well as the playoffs in which the Heat defeated the Detroit Pistons before once again falling to New York in a seven-game series . Following the season the Heat traded Lenard and Mark Strickland to the Denver Nuggets for Chris Gatling .
Denver Nuggets ( 2000–2002 )
In his first season with the Nuggets , Lenard started in 58 of 80 regular-season games and averaged 12.2 points for a team that failed to make the playoffs , but he placed 10th in the league in total three-point field goals made . The following year featured lineup and rotation changes and he started in 19 of the 71 games he appeared in , but still averaged over 11 points a game . Following the season he signed with the Toronto Raptors .
Toronto Raptors ( 2002-2003 )
The Raptors had made the playoffs for three straight seasons and featured superstar Vince Carter , all-star Antonio Davis and coach Lenny Wilkens . Lenard started in 24 games of the 63 in which he appeared , but averaged 30 minutes a game , his most on the floor since the 1998 season . As a result , he averaged a career-high 14.3 points a game and was second on the team in three-point field goals . Despite this , Carter 's injuries and other problems with the team led them to miss the playoffs , and Lenard returned to Denver in the off-season .
Return to Denver and the playoffs ( 2003–2006 )
The Nuggets had continued their playoff drought , but had managed to secure the 3rd pick in the 2003 NBA Draft and selected college star and NCAA Champion Carmelo Anthony . The 2003–2004 season would then prove to be a personal best for Lenard , as he started in 70 games and averaged 14.2 points a game as the Nuggets , led by the play of Anthony , Andre Miller and Marcus Camby , returned to the postseason . Lenard was also the winner of the 2004 NBA All-Star Weekend Three-point Shootout which took place in Los Angeles , and would see his first postseason action since 1999 , averaging a personal best 17 points a game in a five-game series loss against the top-seeded Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Nuggets looked forward to the 2004–2005 season with optimism following the off-season acquisition of all-star forward Kenyon Martin , but in the season opener against the Los Angeles Lakers Lenard suffered an Achilles tendon injury that forced him out of nearly the entire season , only managing to play in two other games . Despite his limited mobility Lenard was able to participate in the 2005 three-point shootout during All-Star weekend , which was won by Quentin Richardson . Despite returning to action in the 2005–2006 season , Lenard suffered more injuries and was packaged to the Portland Trail Blazers in a four-team trade at the time of season trade deadline in February .
Portland Trail Blazers ( 2006 )
Lenard would only play in 14 games to finish the season in Portland , and retired at the conclusion of 2006 season .
References
External links
NBA.com Official Profile
1973 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Detroit
Denver Nuggets players
Miami Heat players
Milwaukee Bucks draft picks
Minnesota Golden Gophers men 's basketball players
Oklahoma City Cavalry players
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
Portland Trail Blazers players
Shooting guards
Southwestern High School ( Michigan ) alumni
Toronto Raptors players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
In Greek mythology , Leimon ( Ancient Greek : Λειμὼν means 'meadow ' ) was an Arcadian prince as the son of King Tegeates of Tegea and Maera , daughter of the Titan Atlas . He was the brother of Scephrus , Archedius , Gortys and Cydon .
Mythology
When Apollo and Artemis visited the land of Tegea , Leimon suspected that his brother Scephrus plotted against him during a private conversation with the god . Leimon rushed on his brother and slayed him . To punish the murder of Scephrus , Artemis shot Leimon afterwards .
Notes
References
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Princes in Greek mythology
Arcadian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Tegea
Deeds of Apollo
Deeds of Artemis
Carter Hall was the Millwood , Virginia , USA estate of Lt. Col. Nathaniel Burwell ( 1750–1814 ) . It is located in the upper Shenandoah Valley , off Virginia Route 255 northeast of Millwood . The estate includes a grand plantation house , a great lawn , and terraced gardens , and has panoramic views in all directions . It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
History
Nathaniel Burwell ( 1750-1814 ) inherited a estate from his father Carter Burwell , including Carter 's Grove , James City County , and about 5000 acres in what was then Frederick County . He developed the land with the Burwell-Morgan Mill and normally spent summers nearby ( the Blue Ridge Mountains ' foothills being cooler and less subject to malaria than the Hampton Roads area ) . After the American Revolutionary War and his first wife 's death , Col. Burwell remarried and with the assistance of former General Daniel Morgan began building the plantation house he called 'Carter Hall ' during 1792–1800 . Col. Nathaniel Burwell at his peak owned 8000 acres and worked more than 200 slaves in Frederick County ; the next largest landowners only possessing 53 , 43 and 28 slaves . Col. Burwell would die at Carter Hall in 1814 , but his estate would not settle until his widow 's death in 1843 . Carter Hall would be inherited by one of his sons by his second wife , George Harrison Burwell ( 1799–1873 ) . Col. Burwell invited his cousin , U.S . Founding Father Edmund Randolph , who had been Governor of Virginia , United States Attorney General and later Secretary of State under George Washington , to pass his retirement at Carter Hall . Both are buried outside Old Chapel ( Millwood , Virginia ) , built in 1790 on land donated by Col. Burwell , and sometimes referred to as the `` Burwell graveyard '' because of succeeding generations of this branch of the Burwell family buried there .
Col. Burwell 's son Nathaniel Burwell Jr. ( 1779-1849 ) helped to form Clarke County from the eastern part Frederick County and at nearly 2400 acres and 52 slaves was its largest landowners . He served as one its justices of the peace at various times , as well as its joint delegate in the Virginia General Assembly with neighboring Warren County ( which the Castleman family dominated ) , but lived at Saratoga ( Boyce , Virginia ) , a plantation he bought from Gen. Morgan in 1809 after the retired soldier moved to Winchester to live with his family .
Carter Hall has a five-bay central block built of local limestone , originally with a central hall flanked by rooms extending the full depth of the house ( single-pile plan ) . The flanking two-bay wings have pediment gable ends and the outermost , single-story wings are of a single bay , formerly with pediment ends . G.H . Burwell added the large portico , which is `` by tradition '' ascribed to a design of William Thornton , architect of the United States Capitol .
Two navy ships have been named after this plantation . The first USS Carter Hall ( LSD-3 ) was an Ashland-class dock landing ship in service from 1943 to 1947 and was Recommissioned from 1961 until 1969 . The second USS Carter Hall ( LSD-50 ) is a Harpers Ferry-class dock landing ship commissioned in 1995 and still in use today .
Civil War
It served as headquarters for Stonewall Jackson during part of the American Civil War , and was raided and sacked by Union troops during the war . Stonewall Jackson used another house , in Lexington , Virginia , as headquarters during 1861–1862 , and established headquarters at Carter Hall during the fall of 1862 . Jackson `` declined George Burwell 's invitation to stay in the house , camping instead with his men on the grounds . During his stay General Jackson permitted his surgeon , Dr. William McGuire , to perform a cataract operation on George Burwell on the portico . ''
George 's son , C.S.A . private Nathaniel Burwell ( 1838-1862 ) fought in the Stonewall Brigade and ultimately died that fall of wounds sustained at the Second Battle of Bull Run . Several more of Col. Nathaniel Burwell 's great-grandsons enlisted in the Confederate army , including three sons of his grandson ( through his son William Nelson Burwell of 'Glenowen ' , d. 1822 ) Nathaniel Burwell ( 1819-1896 ) , with Robert dying of wounds received at the Battle of Brandy Station , George later becoming a mercenary in Mexico , sons Philip , John and William surviving and becoming physicians , and their youngest brother Thomas ( 1861-1923 ) farming and inheriting Carter Hall .
1930 remodel
The house was remodeled in 1930 for its new owner Gerard Lambert `` under the direction of the fashionable New York architect , H.T . Lindeberg , '' and a four-level terraced garden designed by landscape architect Wade Muldoon was added in 1948 . The stucco was removed from the exterior to expose the stone . In the house the central hall and east room were combined into a single space and the original wainscoting was replaced with richly-detailed neo-Georgian details based on woodwork at Shirley Plantation , Virginia . The dining room is the only room to retain significant portions of its original fittings .
Carter Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .
Present day
Acquired in 1978 it is currently a conference center owned by Project Hope . The organization on November 27 , 2018 , placed the center with 87-acres on the market for $ 12,000,000
See also
Stonewall Jackson Headquarters , Winchester , Virginia
References
External links
Carter Hall , Clarke County , one photo at Virginia DHR
Houses in Clarke County , Virginia
Houses completed in 1792
Randolph family residences
Plantation houses in Virginia
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Clarke County , Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Carter family residences
1792 establishments in Virginia
Burwell family of Virginia
Homes of United States Founding Fathers
The Stadtmuseum Stuttgart ( City Museum Stuttgart ) ( proprietary name : StadtPalais – Museum for Stuttgart ) is a museum about the history of Stuttgart . It was opened in April of 2018 in the Wilhelm Palais , the former residence of Württembergs last King William II . The Stadtbibliothek Stuttgart , the public library of the city of Stuttgart , was also housed there from 1965 until 2011 .
History
In 1998 Stuttgart 's city council made the decision to build a new central library for the city . In 2011 the library at the Mailänder Platz in the Europaviertel was completed . Now that the library has moved the opportunity to create a museum about the city 's history in the Wilhelm Palais arose . In 2009 a competition for the realization of such a museum was held . It was won by the office of Lederer+Ragnarsdóttir+Oei in cooperation with Jangled Nerves . After a makeover of their proposal , on 26 February 2010 the jury unanimously decided in favor of further processing the idea on the foundation of the proposal . After the opening of the new central library at the Mailänder Platz on 24 October 2011 the Wilhelm Palais was made temporarily available for cultural purposes . The renovation work began in late 2013 and lasted until 2018 . The new StadtPalais was opened on 14 April 2018 . The costs of the renovation and the establishment of the museum were estimated at €38.3 million including subsidies by the federal state Baden-Württemberg .
Structure
The exhibition is essentially structured into four parts :
foyer , event hall and special exhibition room ( 130 m² ) on the ground floor
permanent exhibition „ Stuttgarter Stadtgeschichten “ ( Stuttgart 's City Stories ) on the first floor ( 900 m² ) and café
special exhibition area on the second floor ( 450 m² ) with a thematic focus on city history and architecture
„ Stadtlabor “ ( `` City Lab '' ) on the garden floor ( kids area with workshop on 450 m² + outdoor area )
Management
head of the planning staff for the creation of the Stuttgart City Museum :
Anja Dautschek ( 2007 – 2016 )
directorate :
Torben Giese ( cince February 2017 )
Other museums of the City Museum
The following museums in Stuttgart also belong to the Stuttgart City Museum :
Hegel House
Bad Cannstatt City Museum
City Lapidarium
Local History Museum Möhringen
Local History Museum Plieningen
References
External links
Official homepage of the Stuttgart City Museum ( German )
Museums in Stuttgart
Pages with unreviewed translations
Jacob Bobart may refer to :
Jacob Bobart the Elder ( 1599–1680 ) , German botanist
Jacob Bobart the Younger ( 1641–1719 ) , English botanist , son of the above
How Do You Like My Sister ? ( French : Comment trouvez-vous ma soeur ? ) is a 1964 French comedy film directed by Michel Boisrond and starring France Anglade , Jacqueline Maillan and Claude Rich .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Jean Mandaroux .
Synopsis
The older sister of a schoolgirl who faces being expelled tries to extricate her from her problems by pretending to be her mother . However she then falls in love with the teacher .
Cast
France Anglade as Cécile
Jacqueline Maillan as Charlotte Varangeot
Claude Rich as François Lorin
Michel Serrault as Varangeot
Dany Robin as Martine Jolivet
Jacques Charon as Jolivet
Eddie Constantine as Eddie
References
Bibliography
Oscherwitz , Dayna & Higgins , Maryellen . The A to Z of French Cinema . Scarecrow Press , 2009 .
External links
1964 films
1964 comedy films
French comedy films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Michel Boisrond
1960s French films
fr : Comment trouvez-vous ma sœur ?
Flags of Our Fathers ( 2000 ) is a book by James Bradley with Ron Powers about his father , Navy corpsman John Bradley , and five United States Marines , who were made famous by Joe Rosenthal 's Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima photograph . The story follows the lives of Bradley , Rene Gagnon , Ira Hamilton Hayes , Michael Strank , Harlon Henry Block , and Franklin Runyon Sousley . The five Marines were a part of Easy Company , 28th Marines , 5th Marine Division . Strank was a sergeant , Block was a corporal who reported to Strank , and the rest of the Marines were privates first class . John Bradley was a Navy corpsman who administered first aid to Easy Company .
The book is focused mainly on the Battle of Iwo Jima and the Marines who made the battle famous . The fighting on Iwo Jima was the only time in all of WWII in which US Marines suffered more casualties than the Japanese . Whilst the battle was still raging Rosenthal 's photograph of the Marines was released and overnight gained the attention of the whole nation . In the following weeks Strank , Block , and Sousley were killed in battle and their families were notified . Bradley , Gagnon , and Hayes were sent on the 7th War Bond Drive and became public heroes . Even though the boys war was finished and they had raised money for their country their fight was far from over . Many of the Marines had a very hard time moving on with life after their experiences in war and the book sheds light on some of these hardships .
Controversy
Following a Marine investigation into the event it was determined that two of the six Marines featured in the book were not in the famous photograph . The men misidentified were Gagnon and Bradley , the men who were actually in the photo are Harold “ Pie ” Keller and Harold Schultz who were also a part of Easy Company .
Critical reception
The book spent 46 weeks on The New York Times nonfiction bestseller list , spending six weeks at number one .
Film adaptation
Shortly after the book 's publication , Steven Spielberg acquired the option for the film rights via DreamWorks Pictures . The film adaptation Flags of Our Fathers , which debuted in the U.S. on October 20 , 2006 , was directed by Clint Eastwood and produced by Eastwood , Steven Spielberg , and Robert Lorenz , with a screenplay written by William Broyles , Jr. and Paul Haggis .
References
External links
eFilmCritic.com interview with James Bradley about Flags of Our Fathers
Booknotes interview with Bradley on Flags of Our Fathers , July 9 , 2000 .
2000 non-fiction books
Bantam Books books
Battle of Iwo Jima
Biographies adapted into films
Non-fiction books about the United States Marine Corps
World War II memoirs
Light Breeze is an album by the flugelhornist and composer Franco Ambrosetti which was recorded in 1997 and released on the Enja label the following year .
Reception
In JazzTimes , Patricia Myers stated `` The pure tone and graceful fluency of Franco Ambrosetti 's flugelhorn is absolutely enthralling throughout this diverse collection '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Franco Ambrosetti except where noted
`` Versace '' ( Daniel Humair ) – 6:33
`` Silli 's Nest ( Interlude 1 ) '' – 1:31
`` Deborah '' ( Gian Luca Ambrosetti ) – 9:02
`` Culture and Sensitivity ( Interlude 2 ) '' ( John Abercrombie ) – 1:43
`` Contempo Latinsky '' – 7:13
`` Elegia ( Interlude 3 ) '' ( Antonio Faraò ) – 1:08
`` My Foolish Heart '' ( Victor Young , Ned Washington ) – 7:25
`` Virtuosismo ( Interlude 4 ) '' ( Miroslav Vitous ) – 1:20
`` One for the Kids '' ( George Gruntz ) – 6:01
`` Percussion Dreams ( Interlude 5 ) '' ( Billy Drummond ) – 2:14
`` Giant Steps '' ( John Coltrane ) – 5:53
`` Silli in the Sky '' – 5:45
Personnel
Franco Ambrosetti – flugelhorn
John Abercrombie – guitar
Antonio Faraò – piano
Miroslav Vitous – bass
Billy Drummond – drums
References
Franco Ambrosetti albums
1998 albums
Enja Records albums
Maximilian Ferrari ( born 20 August 2000 ) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for York United .
Club career
Aurora FC
In 2017 , Ferrari began playing for League1 Ontario side Aurora FC , making six appearances that year . The following season , he scored six goals in sixteen appearances for Aurora . In 2019 , he made another fifteen appearances , scoring three goals .
York United
On 27 February 2020 , Ferrari signed his first professional contract with his hometown club , Canadian Premier League side York9 ( which became York United the following season ) . He made his professional debut on 15 August against Atlético Ottawa . In August 2021 York announced they had signed Ferrari to a contract extension until 2024 . At the conclusion of the 2021 CPL season York United president Angus McNab confirmed a number of clubs from around the world had inquired about Ferrari 's services , adding that `` he 's had a great year and as a result has popped up on many people 's radars . ''
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Newmarket , Ontario
York United FC players
League1 Ontario players
Canadian Premier League players
Humber College alumni
University and college soccer players in Canada
Aurora FC ( Canada ) players
A progressive download is the transfer of digital media files from a server to a client , typically using the HTTP protocol when initiated from a computer . The consumer may begin playback of the media before the download is complete . The key difference between streaming media and progressive download is in how the digital media data is received and stored by the end user device that is accessing the digital media .
A media player that is capable of progressive download playback relies on meta data located in the header of the file to be intact and a local buffer of the digital media file as it is downloaded from a web server . At the point in which a specified amount of data becomes available to the local playback device , the media will begin to play . This specified amount of buffer is embedded into the file by the producer of the content in the encoder settings and is reinforced by additional buffer settings imposed by the media player .
History
Initially the digital media file type known as JPEG was the first visual media to render a progressive visual display as the digital media was downloaded and actually referred to as a progressive download . The distinction between the technical behavior of progressive download as opposed to the common or commercial use of the term progressive download to describe that behavior was not documented and there is a good deal of question regarding the origin of the term versus the origin of the technical implementation . Apple in reference to their QuickTime media player employed the term Fast Start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
HTTP progressive download versus streaming media
The end user experience is similar to streaming media , however the file is downloaded to a physical drive on the end user 's device ; the file is typically stored in the temporary directory of the associated web browser if the medium was embedded into a web page or is diverted to a storage directory that is set in the preferences of the media player used for playback . The file will stutter or stop playback if the rate of playback exceeds the rate at which the file is downloaded . The file will begin to play again after further download .
This fast start playback is the result of moving the meta data from the end of the digital media file to the front , this move of the meta data gave the media player all the information it required to begin playback as the file was still being downloaded . Prior to that change , the meta data summary was located at the end of a media file and the entire file would need to be downloaded in order for the meta data to be read and the player begin playback .
HTTP Pseudo-streaming ( or progressive download ) , similar to streaming media or HTTP Live Streaming , also supports adaptive bitrate streaming . The disadvantage of HTTP Pseudo-streaming over streaming media is reduced security , since HTTP is easier to sniff compared to RTMP , along with long loading times when seeking larger videos .
Optimization for HTTP Pseudo-streaming
The MP4 files consist of chunks of data , called atoms . These atoms store information like subtitles , etc . The special atom , called moov atom is responsible for storing information regarding how to play the video like dimensions , frames per second and such which is important to begin playing a video on HTML5 Video player . But atoms can appear in any order , so web servers like Nginx spends some CPU , memory and disk I/O to find the moov atom so that HTML5 Video based clients can start playing the video . To optimize for HTTP Pseudo-streaming , it 's important to move the moov atom to the beginning , so that web servers like Nginx optimize for faster pseudo-streaming resulting in playing of playbacks without having to wait for the entire file to be arrived or scanned .
ffmpeg -i sample_input.mp4 -movflags faststart -acodec copy -vcodec copy sample_output.mp4
-movflags faststart does the optimization by moving the index ( moov atom ) to the beginning of the file .
-acodec copy extracts the audio from the input file unaltered .
-vcodec copy extracts the video from the input file unaltered .
By doing this optimization , we effectively prevent web servers , like nginx , from spending relative amount of computation in finding the moov atom hence increasing the playback performance on HTML5 Video based client .
Seeking
Initially , the file is played from the beginning . A user may wish to point to a part of the file which have n't been downloaded yet . This capability is called seeking and it makes possible to download and start playing any part of the media file . That is often referred to as pseudo-streaming .
For Flash video seeking requires a list of seek points in the media file metadata . These points are offsets in the video ( both in seconds and bytes ) at which a new key frame starts . A web server or a media server which handles the download , must support seek points in query string of requests for downloading data .
For other types of media files such as MP4 or MKV , web servers must be capable of handling a special offset parameter . The offset parameter name differs for various servers so it must be specified in player settings .
Some servers support seeking via additional modules only , they are specified below . Seeking parameter names are written in italic .
See also
Online video platform
Video streaming
References
External links
Multimedia
Falkia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae , native to southern Africa , eastern Africa , and the Arabian Peninsula . They are creeping perennial herbs .
Species
Currently accepted species include :
Falkia canescens C.H.Wright
Falkia oblonga Bernh .
Falkia repens Thunb .
References
Convolvulaceae
Convolvulaceae genera
The Hawthorne Bridge is a truss bridge with a vertical lift that spans the Willamette River in Portland , Oregon , joining Hawthorne Boulevard and Madison Street . It is the oldest vertical-lift bridge in operation in the United States and the oldest highway bridge in Portland . It is also the busiest bicycle and transit bridge in Oregon , with over 8,000 cyclists and 800 TriMet buses ( carrying about 17,400 riders ) daily . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November 2012 .
Statistics
The bridge consists of five fixed spans and one vertical-lift span . It is in total length . The bridge was originally wide , including two five-foot sidewalks , but the sidewalks were widened to 10 feet in 1998 , increasing the structure 's overall width to . The counterweights are suspended from the two towers . It is operated by a pair of 150-horsepower motors . On average , the lift span is raised for river traffic 120 times per month . While the river is at low level , the bridge is above the water , causing it to be raised an average of 200 times per month . As of 2001 , the average daily traffic was 30,500 vehicles . The bridge was designed by Waddell & Harrington , which also designed the Steel and Interstate bridges . John Alexander Low Waddell invented the modern-day vertical-lift bridge .
History
The current bridge was built to replace the second Madison Street Bridge , a wooden bridge built in 1900 . It cost $ 511,000 to build and was opened on December 19 , 1910 . Hawthorne Boulevard ( and thus the bridge ) was named after Dr. J.C. Hawthorne , the cofounder of Oregon 's first mental hospital and early proponent for the first Morrison Bridge .
The streetcar tracks across the bridge were originally in the outer lanes , but were relocated to the center lanes in 1931 . The deck was changed from wood to steel grating in 1945 .
In 1985 the lift span sheaves , the grooved wheels that guide the counterweight cables , were replaced . The bridge went through a $ 21 million renovation from 1998 to 1999 , which included replacing the steel grated deck and repainting . The original lead-based paint was completely removed and replaced with 3 layers of new paint that is estimated to last 30 years . During this upgrade the sidewalks were widened to , making it a thoroughfare for bicycle commuters . Due to the replacement of the steel deck during this project , the channels which used to carry the rails for streetcars and interurban trains were also removed . The bridge was closed for one year to permit the renovation to be carried out .
The original color of the bridge was black , lasting until 1964 , when it was repainted yellow ochre . During the 1998–99 renovation , the color was changed to green with red trim .
In 2001 , the sidewalks were connected to the Eastbank Esplanade . In 2005 , the estimated cost to replace the bridge was $ 189.3 million .
The 2003 film , The Hunted , included a scene set on MAX on the Hawthorne Bridge . Since MAX does not cross the bridge , the movie company connected two articulated buses remodeled to resemble a MAX train , complete with fake overhead lines and a sprinkler system to simulate rain . Light-rail ( interurban ) service did cross the Hawthorne Bridge until 1956 .
The new deck put in place in the outer lanes during the 1998–99 renovation was designed to be strong enough for possible use by modern , heavier streetcars or light rail trains in the future , which was proposed at that time , and TriMet was still considering a Hawthorne Bridge routing for its future MAX Orange Line , to Milwaukie , in 2002 . However , following the transit agency 's later decision to build the Tilikum Crossing for the Milwaukie MAX line , which bridge could also be used by the Portland Streetcar , it became unlikely that rail cars will ever again cross the Hawthorne Bridge .
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November 2012 .
Bicycle counter
In August 2012 , an automated real-time bicycle counter was installed on the bridge , the first such counter to be installed in a U.S. city . It was purchased by the non-profit group Cycle Oregon for $ 20,000 and donated to the city . The city paid $ 5,000 for its installation . The millionth rider was counted in July 2013 . It is currently broken and has not recorded data since 2018 .
Pop culture references
Elliott Smith mentions the Hawthorne Bridge in the song `` I Ca n't Answer You Anymore . ''
Portland composer , Jack Gabel , sampled tire whines and engine drones of vehicles crossing the bridge to make the musique concrète sound track for his 1987 Artquake/Bumbershoot installation , in collaboration with kinetic artist Bill Will and video artist Kurt Spak , titled AUTO-TOMY
The Hawthorne Bridge is mentioned in House Of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski at bottom of p. 508 during one of Johnny Truant 's late journal entries . `` Portland . Dusk . Walked under the Hawthorne bridge and sat by the Willamette River . ''
Gallery
See also
Hands Across Hawthorne
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
List of crossings of the Willamette River
References
External links
Hawthorne Bridge page on Multnomah County website
Photo of the 1910 construction crew
Bridges in Portland , Oregon
Vertical lift bridges in Oregon
Bridges completed in 1910
Bridges over the Willamette River
National Register of Historic Places in Portland , Oregon
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
1910 establishments in Oregon
Buckman , Portland , Oregon
Drawbridges on the National Register of Historic Places
Southwest Portland , Oregon
Hosford-Abernethy , Portland , Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
Tom McCall Waterfront Park
Steel bridges in the United States
Parker truss bridges in the United States
Thomas A . `` Tom '' Tamas ( born June 11 , 1965 ) is an American sport shooter .
He was born in Honolulu , Hawaii . He competed for the United States in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the Men 's Small-Bore Rifle , Prone , 50 , coming in tied for 13th . He shares the world record in the 50 meter rifle prone competition .
Current world record in 50 m rifle prone
References
1965 births
Living people
American male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United States
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2007 Pan American Games
People from Honolulu
Sportspeople from Hawaii
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Dorneck Castle is a castle in the municipality of Dornach of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Solothurn
Castles in the canton of Solothurn
Contemporary art museums around the world specialize in collecting and exhibiting contemporary art . The following is an alphabetical listing of major contemporary art museums , divided by country . A number of such museums are named Museum of Contemporary Art .
Argentina
Museum of Contemporary Art of Rosario , Rosario
Armenia
Cafesjian Museum of Art
Australia
Artspace Visual Arts Centre , Sydney
Australian Centre for Contemporary Art ( ACCA ) , Melbourne
Gallery of Modern Art , Brisbane ( GOMA , part of QAGOMA ) , Brisbane
Monash University Museum of Art ( MUMA ) , Melbourne
Museum of Contemporary Art Australia ( MCA ) , Sydney
Museum of Old and New Art , Hobart
Austria
Albertina Modern ( part of the Albertina ) , Vienna
21er Haus , Vienna
Mumok , Vienna
Belgium
Museum of Contemporary Art , Antwerp
KANAL — Centre Pompidou , Brussels
Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst , Ghent
Bosnia and Herzegovina
MSURS Muzej Savremene Umjetnosti ( Museum of Contemporary Art ) , Banja Luka
Brazil
Inhotim
Museum of Contemporary Art , University of São Paulo
Niterói Contemporary Art Museum
MACS - Museu de Arte Contemporânea de Sorocaba
Canada
Art Gallery of Ontario
Contemporary Art Gallery ( Vancouver )
Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
( in French )
Museum of Contemporary Art Toronto Canada
Vancouver Art Gallery
Remai Modern ( Saskatoon )
Chile
Santiago Museum of Contemporary Art , Santiago
Museum of Contemporary Art , Valdivia , Valdivia
China
Museum of Contemporary Art Shanghai , Shanghai
Sifang Art Museum , Nanjing
Power Station of Art , Shanghai
Ullens Center for Contemporary Art , Beijing
MoCA - Museum of Contemporary Art , Beijing
Croatia
Museum of Contemporary Art , Zagreb
Finland
Kiasma , Helsinki
EMMA , Espoo
Amos Rex , Helsinki
France
Musée d'art moderne et contemporain de Saint-Étienne Métropole , Saint-Priest-en-Jarez
Château de Montsoreau-Museum of Contemporary Art , Montsoreau
Lille Métropole Museum of Modern , Contemporary and Outsider Art , Villeneuve d'Ascq
Centre Georges Pompidou , Paris
Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris , Paris
Musée d'Art Contemporain du Val-de-Marne , Vitry-sur-Seine
Centre Pompidou-Metz , Metz
CAPC musée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux , Bordeaux
Collection Lambert , Avignon
Les Abattoirs , Musée - Frac Occitanie Toulouse , Toulouse
Musée d'art moderne et d'art contemporain , Nice
, Sérignan
Germany
Deichtorhallen , Hamburg
Hamburger Bahnhof , Berlin
Museum für Moderne Kunst , Frankfurt
Museum Insel Hombroich , Neuss
Greece
National museum of Contemporary Art , Athens
State Museum of Contemporary Arts , Thessaloniki
Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art , Thessaloniki
Hungary
Ludwig Museum , Museum of Contemporary Art , Budapest
Hong Kong
M+
Hong Kong Arts Centre
Hong Kong Museum of Art
Iran
Museum of Contemporary Art , Isfahan
Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art
Israel
Tel Aviv Museum of Art
Italy
Peggy Guggenheim Collection , Venice
Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome , Rome
MAXXI – National Museum of the 21st Century Arts , Rome
Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna , Rome
Galleria Comunale d'Arte Moderna , Rome , Rome
Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea , Milan
Triennale , Milan
Museo del Novecento , Milan
Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto , Trento
Castello di Rivoli - Museum of Contemporary Art , Turin
Galleria Civica d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea , Turin
Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci , Prato
Museum of Contemporary Art Villa Panza , Varese
Palazzo Grassi / Punta della Dogana ( Pinault Collection ) , Venice
Palazzo delle Arti , Naples
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea Donnaregina ( MADRE ) , Naples
Museo d'Arte Moderna di Bologna ( MAMBO ) , Bologna
Museo del Novecento , Castel Sant'Elmo , Naples
CCC Strozzina - Centre for Contemporary Culture , Florence
Museo Marino Marini , Florence
Raccolta d'Arte Contemporanea Alberto della Ragione , Florence
Galleria d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea , Bergamo
Kunst Merano Arte , Merano
Museo d'Arte Gallarate MAGA , Gallarate
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea Villa Croce , Genoa
Museion ( Museo d'Arte Contemporanea ) , Bolzano
Centro Sperimentale per le Arti Contemporanee Cesac , Cuneo
Centro Arti Visive Pescheria , Pesaro
MAN - Museo d'Arte di Nuoro , Nuoro
GCAC - Galleria Comunale d'Arte Contemporanea , Arezzo
MACS - Museo d'Arte Contemporanea , Catania
GAMC - Gallerie d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea , Ferrara
MUDAC – Museo di Arte Contemporanea , Floridia
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea , Gibellina
Lucca Center of Contemporary Art , Lucca
RISO - Museo d'Arte Contemporanea della Sicilia , Palermo
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea e del Novecento , Monsummano
Museo Sperimentale d'Arte Contemporanea , L'Aquila
CAMeC - Centro d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea , La Spezia
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea , Lissone
MACA - Museo d'Arte Contemporanea Acri , Acri
Galleria d'Arte Contemporanea , Assisi
MdAO - Museo d'Arte , Avellino
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea Sannio , Benevento
Museo d'Arte Contemporanea , Fonte Nuova
Stazione dell'Arte , Ulassai
Japan
Museum of Contemporary Art , Tokyo
Mori Art Museum , Tokyo
21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art , Kanazawa
Chichu Art Museum , Naoshima
Liechtenstein
Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein , Vaduz
Jordan
Jordan National Gallery of Fine Arts
México
Museo de Arte contemporaneo , Monterrey
Museo Jumex , Mexico City
Museo Rufino Tamayo , Mexico City
Museo Universitario Arte Contemporáneo , Mexico City
Museo de Arte Moderno , Mexico City
Museo de Arte Carrillo Gil
Museum of Contemporary Art ( Aguascalientes ) , Aguascalientes
Museo Morelense de Arte Contemporáneo Juan Soriano , Cuernavaca , Morelos
Morocco
Museum of Contemporary Art ( Tangier ) , Morocco
Netherlands
Bonnefantenmuseum , Maastricht
Centraal Museum , Utrecht
Cobra Museum , Amstelveen
De Pont Museum of Contemporary Art , Tilburg
Gemeentemuseum Den Haag , The Hague
Groninger Museum , Groningen
Kröller-Müller Museum , Otterloo
Kunsthal , Rotterdam
Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen , Rotterdam
Singer Laren , Laren
Stedelijk Museum , Amsterdam
Stedelijk Museum 's-Hertogenbosch , 's-Hertogenbosch
Van Abbemuseum , Eindhoven
Van Gogh Museum , Amsterdam
Norway
Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art , Oslo
Panama
Panama Museum of Contemporary Art , Panama City
Philippines
Museum of Contemporary Art and Design , Manila
Metropolitan Museum of Manila
The Museum at De La Salle University
Iloilo Museum of Contemporary Art , Iloilo City
Poland
Museum of Modern Art , Warsaw
Zachęta , Warsaw
Ujazdów Castle , Warsaw
Centre for Contemporary Art Elektrownia , Radom
Museum of Contemporary Art , Radom
Center of Contemporary Art in Toruń
Łaźnia Centre for Contemporary Art , Gdańsk
MOCAK Museum of Contemporary Art , Krakow
Art Museum , Łódź ( one of the oldest museums of modern art in the world , opened in 1931 )
Wrocław Contemporary Museum
Portugal
Museu Nacional Soares dos Reis
Museu Nacional de Arte Contemporânea - Museu do Chiado
Museu Fundação Serralves
Museu José Malhoa
Museu da Fundação Arpad Szenes - Vieira da Silva
Museus Colecção Berardo - Centro Cultural de Belém
Museus de Arte Contemporânea de Elva
MUDE - Museu do Design e da Moda
Centro de Arte Contemporânea Graça Morais
Museu Municipal Amadeo de Souza Cardoso
Atelier-Museu Júlio Pomar
Casa das Histórias Paula Rego
Museu da Arte , Arquitetura e Tecnologia
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico Museum of Contemporary Art , San Juan
Romania
National Museum of Contemporary Art , Bucharest
Kunsthaus 7 B , Cisnadioara , Sibiu / Romania
Russia
ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum , Moscow
Erarta , Saint Petersburg
Garage Museum of Contemporary Art , Moscow
MAGMA , Moscow
Moscow House of Photography , Moscow
Moscow Museum of Modern Art , Moscow
Multimedia Art Museum , Moscow
National Centre for Contemporary Arts , Moscow
New Tretyakov Gallery , Moscow
Winzavod Center for Contemporary Art , Moscow
Serbia
Museum of Contemporary Art , Belgrade
Singapore
Singapore Art Museum
South Korea
National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art , Seoul
Spain
CAAC , Seville
CAAM , Las Palmas de Gran Canaria
CA2M , Móstoles
CENDEAC , Murcia
Centre d'Art La Panera , Lleida
Centre d´Art Santa Mónica , Barcelona
Centro de Arte Contemporáneo Huarte , Huarte
Centro Cultural Montehermoso , Vitoria-Gasteiz
Centro José Guerrero , Cádiz
( CGAC ) , Santiago de Compostela
Es Baluard , Palma
Guggenheim Museum Bilbao , Bilbao
Fundació Antoni Tàpies , Barcelona
Fundació Joan Miró , Barcelona
IVAM , Valencia
Koldo Mitxelena Kulturunea , San Sebastian
La Casa Encendida , Madrid
MAC , A Coruña
MACBA , Barcelona
MARCO , Vigo
MEIAC , Badajoz
MUSAC , León
Museo Oteiza , Alzuza
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo ( Madrid )
Museo de Escultura al Aire Libre de Alcalá de Henares
Museo Patio Herreriano , Valladolid
MNCARS , Madrid
Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando , Madrid
Sala Rekalde , Bilbao
Tabakalera , San Sebastian
Sweden
Moderna Museet
Moderna Museet Malmö
Switzerland
Aargauer Kunsthaus
Kunstmuseum Appenzell
Kunstmuseum Basel
Museum of Contemporary Art ( Basel )
Kunstmuseum Bern
Zentrum Paul Klee , Bern
Centre Pasquart
Bündner Kunstmuseum
Kirchner Museum Davos
Musée d'Art moderne et contemporain , Geneva
Kunsthaus Glarus
Kunstmuseum Luzern
Kunstmuseum Olten
Museum zu Allerheiligen , Schaffhausen
Kunstmuseum Solothurn
Kunstmuseum Thun
Kunstmuseum Thurgau
Fotomuseum Winterthur
Kunsthaus Zug
Kunsthaus Zürich
Taiwan
Museum of Contemporary Art Taipei , Taipei
Taipei Fine Arts Museum , Taipei
National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts , Taichung
Kaohsiung Museum Of Fine Arts , Kaohsiung
Thailand
Bangkok Art and Culture Centre
Museum of Contemporary Art ( MOCA ) , Bangkok
Turkey
Borusan Contemporary
Doğançay Museum
Istanbul Museum of Modern Art ( Istanbul Modern )
iS.CaM . Istanbul Contemporary Art Museum
SALT SALT ( institution )
Proje4L/Elgiz Museum of Contemporary Art ( Elgiz Museum )
United Arab Emirates
Maraya Art Centre , Sharjah
Ukraine
National Art Museum of Ukraine , Kyiv
Khanenko Museum , Kyiv
National gallery of Kiev , Kyiv
Mystetskyi Arsenal National Art and Culture Museum Complex , Kyiv
Lviv National Art Gallery , Lviv
Lviv National Museum , Lviv
Lviv Museum of Ethnography , Lviv
United Kingdom
Tate ( formerly known as the Tate Gallery , Liverpool , London and St Ives )
Arnolfini , Bristol
BALTIC Centre for Contemporary Art ( also known as the Baltic Flour Mill )
Institute of Contemporary Arts , London
Whitechapel Gallery , London
Gallery of Modern Art , Glasgow
Nottingham Contemporary , Nottingham
Tramway , Glasgow
National Galleries of Scotland , Edinburgh
Middlesbrough Institute of Modern Art , Middlesbrough
United States
Albright-Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo , New York
The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum , Ridgefield , Connecticut
Artspace , New Haven , Connecticut
Artpace , San Antonio , Texas
Aspen Art Museum , Aspen , Colorado
Atlanta Contemporary Art Center , Atlanta , Georgia
Bechtler Museum of Modern Art , Charlotte , North Carolina
Boulder Museum of Contemporary Art , Boulder , Colorado
Blaffer Art Museum at the University of Houston , Houston , Texas
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum , San Antonio , Texas
The Broad , Los Angeles , California
Contemporary Art Museum of Raleigh , Raleigh , North Carolina
Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis , St. Louis , Missouri
Contemporary Arts Center , Cincinnati , Ohio
Contemporary Arts Museum Houston , Houston , Texas
Contemporary Museum Baltimore , Baltimore , Maryland
The Delaware Contemporary , Wilmington , Delaware
Dia : Beacon , Beacon , New York
Glenstone , Potomac , Maryland
Halsey Institute of Contemporary Art , Charleston , South Carolina
Hammer Museum , Los Angeles , California
Henry Art Gallery , Seattle , Washington
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden , Washington , D.C .
Honolulu Museum of Art Spalding House , Honolulu , Hawaii
Indianapolis Contemporary , Indianapolis , Indiana
Institute of Contemporary Art , Boston , Boston , Massachusetts
Institute of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , Los Angeles , California
Institute of Contemporary Art , Miami , Miami , Florida
Institute of Contemporary Art , Philadelphia , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art , Kansas City , Missouri
KMAC Museum , Louisville , Kentucky
Madison Museum of Contemporary Art , Madison , Wisconsin
Mattress Factory , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania
Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art , North Adams , Massachusetts
Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth , Fort Worth , Texas
Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago , Chicago , Illinois
Museum of Contemporary Art , Cleveland , Cleveland , Ohio
Museum of Contemporary Art Denver , Denver , Colorado
Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit , Detroit , Michigan
Museum of Contemporary Art of Georgia , Atlanta , Georgia
Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville , Jacksonville , Florida
Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , Los Angeles , California
Museum of Contemporary Art , North Miami , Miami , Florida
Museum of Contemporary Art , San Diego , San Diego , California
Museum of Contemporary Art Santa Barbara , Santa Barbara , California
Museum of Contemporary Art , Tucson , Tucson , Arizona
Museum of Modern Art , New York City , New York
Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art , Overland Park , Kansas
New Museum of Contemporary Art , New York City , New York
Orange County Museum of Art , Newport Beach , California
Pérez Art Museum Miami , Miami , Florida
P.S . 1 Contemporary Art Center , New York City , New York
The Renaissance Society , Chicago , Illinois
Rose Art Museum , Waltham , Massachusetts
Rubell Museum , Miami , Florida
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , San Francisco , California
San Jose Institute of Contemporary Art , San Jose California
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum , New York City , New York
SCAD Museum of Art , Savannah , Georgia
Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art , Scottsdale , Arizona
SITE Santa Fe , Santa Fe , New Mexico
Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art , Winston-Salem , North Carolina
Station Museum of Contemporary Art , Houston , Texas
Storm King Art Center , New Windsor , New York
The Contemporary Austin , Austin , Texas
University Museum of Contemporary Art , Amherst , Massachusetts
Utah Museum of Contemporary Art , Salt Lake City , Utah
Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art , Virginia Beach , Virginia
Walker Art Center , Minneapolis , Minnesota
Weisman Art Museum , Minneapolis , Minnesota
Whitney Museum of American Art , New York City , New York
References
Further reading
Jesus Pedro Lorente , Cathedrals of urban modernity : the first museums of contemporary art , 1800-1930 , Ashgate ( 1998 ) .
Jesus Pedro Lorente , The Museums of Contemporary Art : Notion and Development , Ashgate ( 2011 ) .
Bruce Altshuler , Collecting the new : museums and contemporary art , Princeton University Press ( 2007 ) .
Claire Bishop , Radical Museology or , What 's Contemporary in Museums of Contemporary Art ? Koenig Books ( 2013 ) .
8
Lists of art museums and galleries
Arts-related lists
2008 ACC Tournament may refer to :
2008 ACC men 's basketball tournament
2008 ACC women 's basketball tournament
2008 ACC Men 's Soccer Tournament
2008 ACC Women 's Soccer Tournament
2008 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2008 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Eslamabad ( , also Romanized as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 56 , in 6 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Lopez is an unincorporated community located in Colley Township , Sullivan County , Pennsylvania , United States . The community is located on Pennsylvania Route 487 . As of the 2010 census , the population of ZIP code 18628 was 501 .
Lopez is named after Lopez Creek , which was in turn named after roadbuilder John R. Lopez . Originally the village was known as Tar Bridge due to a bridge covered in tar across Lopez Creek . A sawmill was constructed here in 1886 , and the railroad was extended to Lopez the same year . Another mill was built in 1888 , and Trexler and Turrell built dams to float timber to their mill . A clothespin factory was built in 1894 and burned down two years later , but was rebuilt . As of 1903 , Lopez had a population of about 1,000 .
Notable person
Lopez is the birthplace of Pittsburgh Pirates player Danny Kravitz .
References
External links
Lopez , Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County , Pennsylvania
Rockhampton Base Hospital is an historic hospital at Canning Street , The Range , Rockhampton , Rockhampton Region , Queensland , Australia . It was established in 1867 . The hospital 's medical superintendent 's residence ( built in 1936 ) and Therapies Block ( also known as the Outpatients Clinic and Sister Kenny Clinic , built in 1938 ) were added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 November 1997 .
History
The Rockhampton Hospital site was established in 1867 , and was the second site of a hospital in the city . The extant buildings on the site date from the twentieth century . The parts of the hospital which are considered to be of cultural heritage significance include a former Outpatients Department incorporating a purpose built Kenny Clinic dating from 1938 ; a former nurses ' quarters dating from 1929 and a medical superintendent 's residence constructed in 1936 , along with a substantial brick fence on the Canning Street boundary of the hospital .
A hospital , named the Port Curtis and Leichhardt District Hospital , was established in Rockhampton in 1858 , and in 1867 a decision was made to relocate the hospital to a more elevated site on the Athelstane Range to the south of the town centre . A large two storeyed brick building was constructed on the new site to the design of local architect , John Thomas Thorne . This was extended on the late 1870s and additional buildings were constructed on the site in the 1880s all to the design of another Rockhampton architect , John William Wilson .
The Rockhampton Hospital , as it was now named , grew slowly until the introduction of the Hospitals Act ( 1923 ) generated a large number of building works on site . The Act brought about many changes to the practice of health care provision in Queensland , resulting in the state government providing more funding to hospitals , bringing about the current system of health care as a responsibility of the state . The Act allowed for the creation of districts , each with a hospital board responsible for fundraising and management issues . Shortfalls in funding were met by state and local governments . The Hospital Board created to oversee the Rockhampton Hospital as a result of the Act , reviewed the entire site , at the time they were appointed . One of the first initiatives of the newly created board and as a result of the Maternity Act ( 1922 ) a maternity ward was constructed on the Rockhampton Hospital site in 1928 . The Rockhampton maternity ward , which is now demolished , was of a standard plan and form . The next major building work , which was designed by local architects , Hockings and Palmer in 1926 , was a nurse ' quarters constructed in 1929 .
Medical Superintendent 's Residence
Hockings and Palmer , the architects of the first nurses ' quarters were again employed on the next building project ; the construction of a medical superintendents residence on Canning Street . Many medical residences were constructed on Hospital sites during the 1930s when formal schemes were introduced to house medical staff on site . To complement this building , and foreshadowing the design of the Outpatients Department of 1939 , a brick fence was constructed along the Canning Street perimeter of the Hospital site . This was considered an integrating element and was dedicated to the memory of George Henry Sandrock , an early hospital benefactor . The elaborate geometrically designed gates have been removed but are stored on site .
Outpatients Department and Sister Kenny Clinic ( now Therapies Block )
The next major building constructed at the Rockhampton Hospital was a brick Outpatients ' Department and Sister Kenny Clinic , also designed by Hockings and Palmer . The building was officially opened by the Minister for Health and Home Affairs , Mr Ned Hanlon on 25 June 1939 .
At the opening discussion of the rapid and dramatic increase in the number of outpatients in the five years prior to the construction of the building was given as the reason for it . The Hospital Board had decided that the building would also house a Sister Kenny Clinic for the treatment of poliomyelitis . Two nurses trained in the Kenny method of treatment , came from Brisbane to Rockhampton to provide treatments at the clinic . The cost of the building was estimated at of which the government had made a subsidy of and the balance had been finance by a debenture loan from the State Government Insurance Office .
Sister Elizabeth Kenny became a renowned medical figure for her treatment of people with poliomyelitis , an infectious disease causing motor paralysis and permanent deformities . Following an outbreak of the disease in 1931–32 , Kenny 's unorthodox methods of treating poliomyelitis were more seriously considered by the medical establishment resulting in the establishment of several clinics throughout Queensland , Australia and internationally . Although the benefits of her methods were never fully endorsed in Australia , the popularity of Sister Kenny and of her treatment was prolific . Previously poliomyelitis was treated with immobilisation , but Sister Kenny advocated mobility in the form of massage , warm baths and constant nursing supervision . Despite controversy surrounding Kenny , her methods were an interesting and controversial development in the treatment of poliomyelitis , spastic paralysis and other long term physical disabilities which were unavailable elsewhere .
Kenny opened a private clinic in Townsville in 1932 and soon attracted the attention of the government to her endeavours . The Home Secretary , Ned Hanlon , supported her methods and , through the Queensland Government , financed the establishment of Kenny Clinics at Townsville , Rockhampton , Cairns and Brisbane . The popularity of her work expanded and in 1938 the wing of the new outpatients block at the Rockhampton Hospital became the only purpose built Kenny Clinic in Queensland . At the opening Ned Hanlon , defended the government 's financial backing of the Kenny method by saying : '' the methods were now in operation not only in Queensland , but in Tasmania , New South Wales and in London . In all those centres a great number of cases had been successfully dealt with and ... the clinic ... would prove a wonderful service to the people of Rockhampton . `` The Outpatients ' Department and Sister Kenny Clinic have been converted for use as a therapies block . The building is an important example of the work of architects , Hockings and Palmer and similar to their design for the Rockhampton Town Hall . It was designed , like the nearby residence and fence , from polychrome brick with Art Deco inspired detailing .
In the years following the construction of the Outpatients ' Department , the idea of a `` modern hospital '' emerged as a departure from the nineteenth century pavilion planned hospital which endured into the twentieth century . The modern hospital was focussed on cleanliness and efficiency influenced by the new germ theory of disease . These values were achieved within the framework provided by a new , modern architecture and characterised by multi-levelled high rise structures incorporating new building and health technology .
As a result of these ideas governing hospital design many new buildings were constructed on the Hospital site . A five storeyed nurses quarters ' was built from 1950 , designed by Brisbane architects , Conrad and Gargett . In 1952 the same firm designed a single storeyed isolation ward and in 1958 they designed a two storeyed animal house . The next major building was constructed in 1959 when Conrad and Gargett designed a four storeyed chest clinic funded by the Australian Government as part of plan to eradicate tuberculosis and other chest related diseases . In 1970 construction of a new multi storeyed surgical block was commenced . In 1986 the remaining nineteenth century buildings and the 1930 Roy Chipps designed nurses ' quarters were demolished .
In about 1997 , the therapies block was demolished despite its heritage listing .
Description
The Rockhampton Hospital is on a large site elevated on the Athelstane Range , to the south of the Rockhampton town centre . The site is bordered by Canning , North , Cambridge and Quarry Streets . The buildings on which this report focuses are the therapies block and medical superintendent 's residence both on Canning Street , a fence along the Canning Street boundary of the property and a former nurses ' quarters , near the Canning Street entrance of the hospital .
Former Outpatients ' Department and Sister Kenny Clinic
This is a substantial one storeyed face brick and concrete building situated close to the northern corner of the site and addressing Canning Street . The building has an L-shaped plan and a shallow pitched roof comprises two hipped sections all concealed by a parapet . Forming the northern , Canning Street elevation and the western elevation fronting the entrance drive , is an open brick framed loggia . The loggia comprises a number of square headed openings separated by substantial brick pillars which extend upward and project from the face of the parapet above the loggia . The openings are balustraded with brick panels with rectangular cutouts . The parapet steps up , to form symmetrical Art Deco projections over the principal entrances on the two principal facades and at the corners of the building . These projections feature clustered vertical bands of shaped brickwork . The facades of the building are lined with variously coloured brick bands and detailing surrounding windows and on the parapet projections .
1936 Medical Superintendent 's Residence
This building was designed by the architects of the former Outpatients Department and Sister Kenny 's Clinic and is similar in material and detail . It is a one storeyed dark cavity brick and concrete building with a multi-hipped roof clad with corrugated iron . The house is sited facing Canning Street and this elevation of the building is dominated by a large , hipped roof porch , supported on brick piers surmounted by double timber columns . The porch is balustraded with vertical timber battening at the height of the brick piers . The interior contains three bedrooms , a bathroom , a lounge , kitchen and dining room . Accommodation for a laundry is under the house . The building is very intact , although the kitchen and bathroom have been refurbished . Two conifers are on either side of the Canning Street entrance .
Fence along Canning Street
Along the Canning Street boundary of the site is a substantial brick fence , which visually integrates the brick buildings along this side of the hospital . The fence steps down the length of the boundary and at each break features brick piers decorated with strapwork caps . Along the top of the fence is a line of rectangular cutouts , similar to those on the balustrades of the former Outpatients Department and Sister Kenny Clinic .
Heritage listing
The Therapies Block and Medical Superintendents Residence of the Rockhampton Hospital were listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 November 1997 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .
The Rockhampton Hospital demonstrates the growth of Rockhampton and its prominence as a large regional centre . The former Sister Kenny Clinic is important for its demonstration of the development of medical history , particularly concerning the treatment of poliomyelitis .
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .
The building is rare as the only purpose built Kenny Clinic constructed in Queensland , although many others opened in converted buildings .
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland 's history .
This building , which is substantially intact , has the potential to yield further information about Kenny 's methods of treatment .
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .
The former Sister Kenny Clinic , medical residence of 1936 and fence along Canning Street are good and characteristic examples of the work of Rockhampton architects , Hockings and Palmer and designed in a manner similar to their most prominent Rockhampton building , the Town Hall . In particular the former Outpatients ' Department and Sister Kenny Clinic is particularly prominent as a well designed corner building .
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance .
The buildings at the hospital have considerable architectural merit , as well composed and complementary structures with significant landmark qualities and are important elements of this streetscape . The former nurses ' quarters , also designed by Hockings and Palmer , is a well designed functional building adapted to the tropical climate of Rockhampton with much attention paid to ventilation .
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .
The hospital site has importance for its associations with Sister Kenny and as the principal place of public health care in Rockhampton for about 130 years .
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person , group or organisation of importance in Queensland 's history .
The site is important for its associations with local architects , Hockings and Palmer .
References
Attribution
Queensland Heritage Register
The Range , Queensland
Hospitals in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Houses in Queensland
The Owen Sound Mercurys are a defunct senior ice hockey team . The team played in the City of Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada and participated in the OHA Senior A Hockey League , the highest possible level of Canadian Senior hockey .
History
Founded in at least the 1940s as the Owen Sound Mohawks , the team was a member of the OHA Senior A league . The league was highly competitive and littered with teams that were constantly jumping back and forth from semi-pro . In the 1946-47 season , the Mohawks made it to the league final , but were put down by the Hamilton Tigers 3-games-to-2 . For the 1947–48 season , the team donned the Mercurys moniker .
The Mercurys made it back to the OHA Senior A final again in 1951 , and defeated the Sarnia Sailors 4-games-to-2 to win the J. Ross Robertson Cup . The Mercurys pushed on to the 1951 Allan Cup final where they faced the Fort Frances Canadians . The Canadians drove all the way from Fort Frances , Ontario on the Manitoba border to compete with the Mercurys at the Centennial Arena . The Mercurys won game one and the Canadians pulled even in game two . Game three went to the Mercurys and again the Canadians answered in game four . With the momentum , the Canadians broke the pattern and won game five to take their first series lead . The Mercurys had their backs to the wall , with one more loss the National Championship would go to Fort Frances . In game six , the Mercurys came out blazing and defeated the Canadians 7-4 to force a game seven . The seventh game was low scoring , but this played to Owen Sound 's favour as they took the game 3-1 , the series 4-games-to-3 , and the Canadian Senior National Championship . The team 's championship photo can be seen at the Bayshore Community Centre 's Sports Hall of Fame .
In 1952 , the Mercurys made the finals again . Their opponents were the Stratford Indians . The defending Allan Cup champions were upset in full seven game battle , 4-games-to-3 .
A year later , the Mercurys made their third straight league final . Their opponents were the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen . The Dutchmen took the series 4-games-to-2 and went on to win the Allan Cup as National Champions .
The 1953-54 season saw the Mercurys push back to their fourth straight league final . In their way was the Stratford Indians . Unlike 1952 , the Mercurys took it to the Indians and swept the series 4-games-to-none to win their second J. Ross Robertson Cup in four seasons . The Mercurys did not make it to the 1954 Allan Cup final , as the Eastern Championship went to the Northern Ontario Hockey Association 's Sudbury Wolves .
In 1956-57 , the OHA Senior A league absorbed many teams from the Ottawa District Hockey Association . The Mercurys floundered in the eleven team league and finished last . The team folded and Senior hockey did not return to Owen Sound until 1969 with the Owen Sound Crescents .
Season-by-season results
Legacy
For the 2010-11 season , the Owen Sound Attack of the Ontario Hockey League wore the 1951 Mercurys jersey as a throwback third jersey in honour of the 50th anniversary of their 1951 Allan Cup victory .
See also
International Hockey League ( 1945-2001 )
OHA Senior A Hockey League ( 1929-1979 )
Allan Cup
References
Defunct ice hockey teams in Canada
Ice hockey teams in Ontario
Sport in Owen Sound
Senior ice hockey teams
Pbow was a cenobitic monastery established by St. Pachomius in 336-337 AD . Pbow is about north of Luxor in modern Upper Egypt .
Name
Pbow is a Coptic name . The Arabic `` Faw '' in `` Faw al-Qibli '' ( `` South Faw '' ) derives from the Coptic Pbow . Other names include `` Bau '' , `` Pboou '' , and `` Phbow '' .
History
Pbow was founded as administrative center for Pachomius 's monastery in 336-337 . The center included the Basilica of St. Pachomius . Pachomius died in Pbow in 347 .
Very little is known about the history of Pbow after the 6th century AD . Around the time of the reign of al-Hakim , Pbow was either destroyed by al-Hakim , or it was already ruined .
Archaeology
The first descriptions of Pbow by Western archaeologists were from B.T.A . Evetts , Alfred J. Butler , Michel Jullien , and Louis Massignon , around the late 19th century and early 20th century . Louis-Théophile Lefort described Pbow in Les premiers monastères Pachômiens , published 1939 .
Peter Grossman has been a primary investigator of the archaeology of Pbow , starting in the 1970s . According to Grossman , three different primary churches were built at Pbow over time , superimposed one over the other .
Further reading
References
External links
Images of Pbow remains at modern Fāw Qiblī
Christian monasteries established in the 4th century
Christian monasteries in Egypt
Archaeological sites in Egypt
The 1933 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the fifth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Kerry entered the championship as defending champions .
On 24 September 1933 , Kerry won the championship following a 4-1 to 0-9 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final . This was their third All-Ireland title overall and their third in succession .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1929
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The 2022 Bad Homburg Open was a women 's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the TC Bad Homburg in Bad Homburg , Germany , from 19 June to 25 June 2022 . It was the second edition of the Bad Homburg Open and was classified as a WTA 250 event on the 2022 WTA Tour .
Champions
Singles
Caroline Garcia def . Bianca Andreescu 6–7 ( 5–7 ) , 6–4 , 6–4
This is Garcia 's first singles title of the year and eighth of her career .
Doubles
Eri Hozumi / Makoto Ninomiya def . Alicja Rosolska / Erin Routliffe 6–4 , 6–7 ( 5–7 ) , [ 10–5 ]
Point distribution
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw :
Sabine Lisicki
Tatjana Maria
Jule Niemeier
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Anastasia Gasanova
Yuliya Hatouka
Kamilla Rakhimova
Katie Swan
The following players received entry as lucky losers :
Misaki Doi
Tamara Korpatsch
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Ekaterina Alexandrova → replaced by Caroline Garcia
Victoria Azarenka → replaced by Claire Liu
Belinda Bencic → replaced by Tamara Korpatsch
Veronika Kudermetova → replaced by Misaki Doi
Aryna Sabalenka → replaced by Greet Minnen
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022 .
Other entrants
The following pair received a wildcard into the doubles main draw :
Sloane Stephens / Katie Swan
The following pair received entry as alternates :
Alena Fomina-Klotz / Anastasia Gasanova
Withdrawals
Natela Dzalamidze / Kamilla Rakhimova → replaced by Julia Lohoff / Kamilla Rakhimova
Han Xinyun / Alexandra Panova → replaced by Han Xinyun / Renata Voráčová
Rosalie van der Hoek / Alison Van Uytvanck → replaced by Alena Fomina-Klotz / Anastasia Gasanova
References
External links
Official website
Bad Homburg Open
Bad Homburg Open
Bad Homburg Open
2022 in German tennis
Porsch
In Greek mythology , Theophane ( Ancient Greek : Θεοφάνη ) was a daughter of Bisaltes .
Mythology
In consequence of Theophane 's extraordinary beauty , she was beleaguered by lovers , but was carried off by Poseidon to the isle of Crinissa . As the lovers followed her there , Poseidon metamorphosed the maiden into a sheep and himself into a ram , and turned all the inhabitants of the island into animals . As the lovers began to slaughter these animals , he changed them into wolves . The god then became , by Theophane , the father of the ram with the golden fleece , which carried Phrixus to Colchis .
Note
References
Gaius Julius Hyginus , Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant . University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies . Online version at the Topos Text Project .
Mortal parents of demigods in classical mythology
Metamorphoses in Greek mythology
Metamorphoses into animals in Greek mythology
Women of Poseidon
Characters in Greek mythology
The Herero chat ( Namibornis herero ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . It is monotypic within the genus Namibornis . It is endemic to the Namibian savanna woodlands .
References
Del Hoyo , J. ; Elliot , A . & Christie D. ( editors ) . ( 2006 ) . Handbook of the Birds of the World . Volume 11 : Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers . Lynx Edicions . .
Herero chat
Birds of Southern Africa
Fauna of Namibia
Herero chat
Herero chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo was a Mexican land grant in present day San Mateo County , California given in 1842 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to Simeon Castro . At the time , the grant was in Santa Cruz County ; an 1868 boundary adjustment gave the land to San Mateo County . The grant extended along the Pacific coast from Rancho Butano and Arroyo de los Frijoles on the north , past Pigeon Point , Franklin Point to Point Año Nuevo on the south .
History
The first European land exploration of Alta California , the Spanish Portolà expedition , passed through the area on its way north , recognizing Point Año Nuevo as the one named by Spanish maritime explorer Sebastian Vizcaino on New Year 's Day in 1603 . Coming north from Waddell Creek , the party passed inland of the point , camping near a creek to the north ( Bolton says Gazos Creek ; Pacifica Historical Society says Whitehouse Creek ) on October 23 , 1769 . There they found a good-sized native village . Franciscan missionary Juan Crespí , traveling with the expedition , noted in his diary that , `` In the middle of the village there was an immense house of a spherical form , large enough to hold all the people of the town , and around it there were some little houses of a pyramidal form , very small , constructed of stakes of pine . Because the large house rose above the others the soldiers called it Village of the Casa Grande ''
By 1816 Mission Santa Cruz established a cattle ranch at what they named el Rancho del Punta de Año Nuevo . They built a small adobe building , which was inhabited by mission Indian neophytes who managed up to 3,600 head of cattle . Eventually , Mission Santa Cruz expanded their pastures even further north to reach the Pescadero and Butano Valley grasslands . Under Mexican rule , substantial changes in California society began , including the dismantling of the mission properties and expansion of colonists into California 's former mission landholdings . Settlers petitioned for land grants , and between the years of 1834 and 1836 alone the Mexican Congress released a million acres of mission lands to private ownership . Without the authority of the missions , the Indians lost any potential claim to their lands . The Former Mission cattle ranches at Pescadero and Año Nuevo were ultimately divided into three separate Mexican Period land grants deeded to Mexican citizens . These new land divisions included Rancho San Antonio- or Pescadero , Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo , and Rancho Butano .
José Simeon Nepomuncena Castro ( 1783–1842 ) , the son of Marcario Castro , was born in Santa Barbara . Simeon Castro was a soldier at Monterey in 1809 , and alcalde at Monterey in 1838–39 . He married Maria Antonia Pico ( 1804–1883 ) . He was granted Rancho Bolsa Nueva y Moro Cojo in 1837 , and the four square league Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo in 1842 . Simeon Castro died in 1842 .
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War , the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored . As required by the Land Act of 1851 , a claim for Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852 , and the grant was patented to Maria Antonia Pico de Castro and heirs of Simeon Castro in 1857 .
In 1851 Maria Antonio Pico de Castro sold Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo to Santa Cruz County pioneer Isaac Graham . Graham ( or one of his tenants ) built a 2-story white house in 1857 which is remembered in the name of Whitehouse Creek .
In 1862 Clark & Coburn of San Francisco purchased the adjacent Rancho Butano and Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo grants . Loren Coburn , born in Vermont , came to California in 1851 , and worked first in mining . Coburn bought out his brother-in-law Jeremiah Clark . Coburn was an extremely aggressive landowner , contesting boundaries , and a perpetual litigant in the courts and was widely disliked . Coburn leased much of the land to a dairy enterprise run by the Steele family ( Rensselaer , Isaac and Edgar ) from Delaware . In 1869 Steele family bought south of Gazos Creek . Coburn and Clark 's legacy of defending their land slowed the subdivision and development of Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo .
Historic sites of the Rancho
Pigeon Point Lighthouse
References
Punta del Ano Nuevo
Ano Nuevo , Punta del
Sally Emerson is an English novelist , anthologist and travel writer .
Education and career
Emerson was educated at Wimbledon High School and St. Anne 's College , Oxford .
Between school and university she was editorial assistant and writer on the magazine Books and Bookmen which she later went on to edit .
While at Oxford she edited Isis , won the Vogue Talent Contest for writing in 1972 and the Radio Times Young Journalist of the Year competition along with a Catherine Pakenham Award and wrote for The Times .
She worked on The Illustrated London News then became assistant editor of Plays and Players in 1976 . From 1978-1985 she was editor of the literary magazine Books and Bookmen ( which briefly became Book Choice then returned to the title Books and Bookmen ) .
In 1980 she published her first novel Second Sight . It won a Yorkshire Post Best First Novel award . In the US the title was The Second Sight of Jennifer Hamilton . Next came Listeners in 1983 , the bestsellers Fire Child ( 1987 ) , Separation ( titled Hush Little Baby in the US ) 1992 and Heat set in Washington DC in 1998 . Broken Bodies came out in 2001 .
Her anthologies , collections of poetry and prose on birth , love and death are ‘ In Loving Memory : A Collection for Memorial Services , Funerals and Just Getting By ' ( 2004 ) , ‘ Be Mine : An Anthology for Lovers , Weddings and Ever After ' ( 2007 ) and ‘ New Life , An Anthology for Parenthood ' ( 2009 ) .
Her other non-fiction anthology titles include ‘ A Celebration of Babies ' ( 1986 ) , ‘ The Kingfisher Nursery Treasury ' ( 1988 ) ,
Since 2003 she has also worked as a travel writer for the Sunday Times as well as contributing to other newspapers .
Her six novels were republished in 2017 by Quartet in its Rediscovered Classics series , with the dark love stories Fire Child and Heat coming out in March 2017 and the coming of age novel Second Sight in June 2017 along with Separation , another dark love story but with a child as the central heroine .
Her first collection of short stories Perfect : Stories of the Impossible will be published by Quadrant Books on 1 June 2022 and was included in Tatler 's list of unmissable books of the Spring .
She married Peter Stothard in 1980 and they have two children , the novelist Anna Stothard and journalist Michael Stothard , born 1983 and 1987 . In the early 1980s , while transiently separated from her husband , she had an affair with writer Douglas Adams .
Books
Second Sight ( 1980 ) ,
Listeners ( 1983 ) ,
A Celebration of Babies : An Anthology of Poetry and Prose ( ed. , 1986 ) ,
Fire Child ( 1987 ) ,
Separation ( 1992 ) ,
Heat ( 1998 ) ,
Broken Bodies ( 2001 ) ,
In Loving Memory : A Collection for Memorial Services , Funerals and Just Getting By ( ed. , 2004 ) ,
New Life , An Anthology for Parenthood ,
The Kingfisher Nursery Treasury ,
Be Mine : An Anthology for Lovers , Weddings and Ever After ( ed. , forthcoming 2007 ) ,
Fire Child ( 2017 ) ,
Heat ( 2017 ) ,
Perfect : Stories of the Impossible ( 2022 ) ,
References
External links
Sally Emerson official site
Living people
English women novelists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pegol is a term used in generic names for pharmaceutical drugs to indicate the presence of a polyethylene glycol attachment ( pegylation ) . The term is used for monoclonal antibodies and engineered proteins as well as for small molecules . The purpose of the pegylation is to extend the half-life of the drug .
Examples include :
Alacizumab pegol
Calaspargase pegol
Certolizumab pegol
Etirinotecan pegol
Lulizumab pegol
References
Biotechnology
Pharmacokinetics
Pharmacodynamics
The Bichigiu is a right tributary of the river Sălăuța in Romania . It flows into the Sălăuța between Telciu and Coșbuc . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Syed Akhunzada Chattan ( ; ; also spelled Akhonzada Chitan ) is a Pakistani politician and leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in Bajaur , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . He was formerly the president of the FATA Political Alliance , which campaigned for the rights of the people of former Federally Administered Tribal Areas . He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
On 17 August 2015 , his 9-year-old son Hussain Shah was kidnapped by gunmen in Bajaur but rescued the next day . On the midnight between 17 and 18 March 2018 , militants attacked Chattan 's house in Amankot , Bajaur with a rocket that hit the mud-made boundary wall of the house . Chattan was home at the time but no one was injured in the attack . PPP chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari condemned the attack and PPP workers visited the house to express solidarity with Chattan .
Political beginnings
Chattan has been affiliated with the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) and its student wing , the Peoples ' Students Federation ( PSF ) , since his student life . He became the divisional president of PSF Malakand Division in 1985 . When be started studying at the University of Peshawar 's Fine Arts Department in 1990 , he remained an active leader of the PSF . He was elevated to the position of the provincial chairman of PSF for the North-West Frontier Province ( now known as Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ) in 1993 .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-44 ( Tribal Area-IX ) as an independent candidate in the 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 6,257 votes and defeated independent candidate Shahab Uddin Khan .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-44 ( Tribal Area-IX ) as a candidate of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in the 2013 Pakistani general election , but was unsuccessful . He received 4,127 votes and lost the seat to Shahab Uddin Khan , who was then a candidate of the Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) .
See also
Farhatullah Babar
Faisal Karim Kundi
Ahmad Kundi
References
1968 births
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Bajaur District
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pashtun people
University of Peshawar alumni
Koregaon Park ( earlier Koregaon Road Estate ) is an area located in Pune , in the state of Maharashtra in India . It is primarily a posh residential area with lush greenery , but of late has been growing into a commercial hub as well . Koregaon Park also has a trendy dining and nightlife hub , with sleek European and Indian restaurants , plus live music bars , buzzy pubs and trendy cafe . It is also a destination for art and music enthusiasts in the city with many art galleries and clubs in the vicinity . Koregaon Park is located about from the Pune International Airport and about from the Pune Junction railway station .
History
Earlier Ahmednagar road ( simply Nagar road ) was known as Koregaon road , since Koregaon Bhima village also falls on this road . Koregaon Bhima village was the site of a major battle between British East India Company and Peshwas in 1818 .
In early 1920s , British settled a neighbourhood on the lands of Ghorpuri village , which was just outside of Pune . This neighbourhood was named Koregaon Road Estate , since this was in proximity to then Koregaon road ( today 's Ahmednagar road ) . The estate was divided into various numbers of plots , many of which were auctioned and purchased mostly by rich merchants or princely/royal families of India . Some specific plots were also kept reserved for the Military and Postal Department . This caused Koregaon Road to become one of the most up-market areas in Pune which continues till today .
Later , when the road was renamed to Ahmednagar road , the neighbourhood was also renamed to Koregaon Park to avoid confusion with older road name as well as the Koregaon Bhima village .
Roads
Koregaon Park has two major roads : North Main Road ( lies in the north of Koregaon Park ) which runs in parallel to South Main Road ( lies in the south of Koregaon Park ) . Numerous link roads connect these two major roads .
The lanes of Koregaon park with old British era bungalows and huge green trees on both sides attracts lots of people who visit here for morning/evening walks and just for hanging out .
Koregaon Park is connected with Yerawada , via the Bund Garden bridge and to Kalyani Nagar , via the Aga Khan Bridge . It also connected to Pune Camp and Magarpatta .
Dine
The lanes numbered 6 and 7 has many pubs which adds vibes to the city 's nightlife and attracts lots of youngsters . There are many food joints around which makes it a favorite outing destination .
The Westin and the Conrad hotels are located in Koregaon Park . Other major hotels are The O Hotel and Blue Diamond by Taj Hotels . German Bakery , a restaurant , is located in Koregaon Park .
Osho International Meditation Resort
The Osho International Meditation Resort , which earlier was Osho Ashram , still attracts many visitors from abroad as well as natives who come here for meditation programs . The Osho Teerth Park , on the D. H. Dhunjibhoy Road , between lane 2 and 3 , is a park made along a sewage , beautified with statues , bamboos , exotic plants , ferns , flowers etc . is another place where people come for picnics and spending time .
Chabad house
A Jewish Chabad house is located in Koregaon Park .
Schools and colleges
The Poona School and Home for Blind is located on North Main Road . The Sant Gadge Maharaj School is located on South Main Road .
The Saint Mira 's Women 's College is located on a link road , Pujya Kasturba Gandhi English and Marathi Medium School on North Main Road
2010 Pune bombing
On 13 February 2010 , a terrorist attack took place in the neighbourhood when the German Bakery was bombed , killing 18 .
References
Neighbourhoods in Pune
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Farmakida Cove , Alexander Island
Fartuni Nunatak , Oscar II Coast
Feniks Island , Trinity Island
Feya Tarn , Livingston Island
Ficheto Point , Livingston Island
Filip Totyu Nunatak , Oscar II Coast
Finaeus Cove , Graham Coast
Mount Fisek , Bastien Range
Fizalia Island , Trinity Island
Flamingo Beach , Greenwich Island
Fonfon Glacier , Sentinel Range
Foros Spur , Sentinel Range
Fontus Lake , Livingston Island
Fregata Island , Nelson Island
Friesland Ridge , Livingston Island
Frolosh Point , Anvers Island
Fruzhin Peak , Sentinel Range
Fucha Peak , Sentinel Range
Furen Point , Oscar II Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
St Leonards railway station is located on the North Shore line , serving the Sydney suburb of St Leonards including the nearby Artarmon Industrial Area and Gore Hill . It is served by Sydney Trains T1 North Shore line services .
History
St Leonards station opened on 1 January 1890 as the terminus station of the North Shore line from Hornsby . On 1 May 1893 , the line was extended south to Milsons Point .
In August 1989 , the station was relocated to a temporary station south of the Pacific Highway to allow the site to be redeveloped . After the redevelopment encountered financial problems and remained dormant for a number of years , the new station was not completed until February 2000 as part of The Forum shopping plaza development .
The new station was built with two island platforms to allow extra lines to be laid as part of a plan to quadruple the line .
Platforms and services
There is an unwired siding linked to the up track . It is equipped with catch points , and is 205m long ( of which 168m is usable , enough to stable an 8-car suburban train ) . The points are manually operated by a lever next to the track . This also means the signals , which are controlled from Homebush Control Centre , can not permit a movement to or from the siding . Additionally , as the points can not be controlled by the signaller , any driver on the up track passing a signal at stop must proceed with caution , making sure there are no trains moving in or out of the siding . Although long enough for an 8 car suburban train , it is not electrified and generally used for track work vehicles on occasions .
Transport links
Busways operates seven routes via St Leonards station :
252 : King Street Wharf to Gladesville
254 : McMahons Point wharf to Riverview
265 : North Sydney to Lane Cove
286 : Milsons Point to Denistone East ( peak hours only )
287 : Milsons Point to Ryde ( peak hours only )
290 : King Street Wharf to Epping
291 : McMahons Point wharf to Epping
Hillsbus operate three routes via St Leonards station : , all peak hours only
602X : North Sydney to Rouse Hill
612X : Milsons Point to Riley T-way
622 : Milsons Point to Dural
Keolis Downer Northern Beaches operate two routes via St Leonards station :
114 : Balmoral to Royal North Shore Hospital
144 : Manly to Chatswood station
Transdev John Holland operates one route via St Leonards station :
200 : Bondi Junction station to Gore Hill ( peak hours only )
Transit Systems operates one route via St Leonards station :
320 : Green Square to Gore Hill
St Leonards station is served by two NightRide routes :
N90 : Hornsby station to Town Hall station
N91 : Bondi Junction station to Macquarie Park station
References
External links
St Leonards station details Transport for New South Wales
St Leonards station Public Transport Map Transport for NSW
Easy Access railway stations in Sydney
Railway stations in Sydney
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1890
St Leonards , New South Wales
North Shore railway line
Colfax station is an Amtrak train station in Colfax , California . Served by the California Zephyr , it is unstaffed . The station was built in 1905 by the Southern Pacific Railroad and was restored in the early 21st century ; in addition to a waiting room , the building also houses the Colfax Heritage Museum . The platform is movable to accommodate Union Pacific rotary snowplows , which are liable to scrape a platform eight inches above top of rail .
Between January 1 , 1998 , and February 13 , 2000 , a single round-trip of the Capitol Corridor terminated at Colfax . This service ended because of low ridership .
The station building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 as Colfax Passenger Station , with the 1880-built freight depot listed separately as Colfax Freight Station .
References
External links
Amtrak Stations Database
Amtrak - Great American Stations : CA ( COX )
Colfax , California
Amtrak stations in Placer County , California
Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach stations in Placer County , California
Former Southern Pacific Railroad stations in California
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1905
National Register of Historic Places in Placer County , California
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Discovery Geschichte ( `` Discovery History '' ) was a German television channel focusing on history-related programmes owned by Discovery Networks Europe . The channel launched on March 31 , 2005 on the Premiere platform .
Overview
The service was discontinued as a full 24-hour channel on May 16 , 2009 , after Premiere had signed a new contract with Discovery Networks Deutschland in preparation for Premiere 's relaunch as Sky Deutschland in July . On Premiere , Discovery Geschichte was replaced by National Geographic Channel Germany the following day . Discovery Geschichte continues as a programming block om DMAX .
References
External links
Warner Bros . Discovery networks
Defunct German television channels
German-language television stations
Mass media in Munich
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2009
2005 establishments in Germany
2009 disestablishments in Germany
ICFAI University , Himachal Pradesh , or by its full name Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India University , Himachal Pradesh is a private university located at the HIMUDA Education Hub , near the village Kallujhanda , Solan district , Himachal Pradesh , India . The university was established in 2011 by the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India Trust through the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India University ( Establishment and Regulation ) Act , 2011 . The university offers higher education in the fields of management , science and technology .
Departments
The university comprises two faculties , Faculty of Management Studies and Faculty of Science and Technology .
References
External links
Education in Solan district
Universities in Himachal Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2011
2011 establishments in Himachal Pradesh
Private universities in India
The 193rd Infantry Brigade is a United States Army infantry brigade , which was originally constituted in the Army 's organized reserves on 24 June 1922 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 193rd Infantry Brigade and assigned to the 97th Division . The brigade was converted and redesignated in February 1942 as the 97th Reconnaissance Troop , 97th Division . In February 1943 , the Troop was ordered into active military service and organized at Camp Swift , Texas . It was reorganized and redesignated in October 1945 as the 97th Mechanized Cavalry Reconnaissance Troop .
World War II
The 97th Reconnaissance Troop landed at Le Havre , France , 2 March 1945 as part of the 97th Infantry Division . The Division crossed the German border west of Aachen and took up a defensive position along the west bank of the Rhine River opposite Düsseldorf , engaging in patrolling . The division then entered the battle of the Ruhr pocket , crossing the Rhine near Bonn and taking up a position on the southern bank of the Siege River . It crossed that river against light resistance and fought a street-to-street engagement in Siegburg . Pushing on toward Düsseldorf through difficult terrain and heavy resistance in densely wooded areas , the Division captured Solingen . Düsseldorf fell on the next day and the Ruhr pocket was eliminated . 97th Reconnaissance Troop played a vital role in the Ruhr campaign . Besides its customary reconnaissance and patrolling duties , the unit once was charged with protecting the entire left flank of the division .
Moving to protect the left flank of the Third Army on its southern drive , the 97th Division took Cheb , Czechoslovakia and attacked the Czechoslovak pocket near Weiden , Germany . It had advanced to Konstantinovy Lázně , Czechoslovakia , when it received the cease-fire order on 7 May 1945 . The Division left for Le Havre , 16 June 1945 , for redeployment to the Pacific , arriving at Cebu , Philippines , 16 September , and then sailed to Japan for occupation duty , arriving at Yokohama 23 September .
97th Mechanized Reconnaissance Troop inactivated March 1946 in Japan . ( Organized Reserves redesignated 25 March 1948 as the Organized Reserve Corps ; redesignated 9 July 1952 as the Army Reserve . ) Converted and redesignated July 1962 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 193rd Infantry Brigade and relieved from assignment to the 97th Infantry Division .
Panama
In 1961 , after the abortive Bay of Pigs Invasion and rumors of Soviet assistance to Cuba , Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara decided to bolster available U.S. Army forces in the Caribbean area . The Army replaced the battle group in the Panama Canal Zone with the 193d Infantry Brigade , which was activated on 8 August 1962 .
Through most of the period of its assignment to the Canal Zone , the 193d included the following units :
3d Battalion , 5th Infantry ( Instead of the regiment 's common nickname , the `` Bobcats , '' 3rd Battalion retained the name and motto , `` Red Devils , '' when reflagged from 3d Battalion ( Airborne ) , 508th Infantry , Fort Kobbe )
4th Battalion , 10th Infantry ( `` Apaches , '' Fort Davis )
4th Battalion , 20th Infantry ( `` Sykes Regulars , '' Fort Clayton )
Battery B , 22d Field Artillery ( Fort Kobbe ; later reflagged as Battery D , 320th FA )
518th Engineer Company ( Fort Kobbe , later reflagged as the 59th Engineer Company )
534th MP Company ( Fort Clayton )
549th Military Police Company ( Fort Gulick )
210th Aviation Battalion ( Albrook Army Air Field ; moved during the 1970s to Fort Kobbe as part of the Canal reorganization treaties )
1097th Transportation Company ( Medium Boat ) ( Fort Davis )
Additionally , there were other units , such as the School of the Americas ( Fort Gulick ) , 3d Battalion , 7th Special Forces ( Fort Gulick ) , and Jungle Operations Training Center ( Fort Sherman ) that were not assigned to the 193d but had an habitual relationship and rating scheme for their commanders and/or senior officers tantamount to assignment .
There were other units assigned at different times . For example , the brigade had , for most of the 1960s a mixed HAWK missile and M42 Duster battalion , 4th Battalion , 517th Artillery ( Battery A at Fort Davis , Dusters ; Battery B , Fort Clayton , Dusters ; Battery C , HAWKs , Flamenco Island ; and Battery D , HAWK , Fort Sherman ) . The brigade was also staffed heavily enough as to permit it to command the 92d and 53d Infantry Brigades ( Separate ) from the Puerto Rico and Florida National Guard , respectively . In 1977 , in order to improve command and control over the numerous combat support and combat service support units , the 193d Combat Support Battalion ( CSB ) was activated within the brigade . The 193d CSB commanded a wide variety of units , to include the 193d Military Intelligence Company ( Combat Electronic Warfare and Intelligence - CEWI ) , the 1097th Transportation Company ( Medium Boat ) , and even a field artillery unit ( Battery D , 320th FA ) .
In October 1983 , the 1st and 2d Battalions , 187th Infantry were assigned to the 193d Infantry Brigade in Panama as a result of reflagging the 4th Battalion , 10th Infantry and the 3d Battalion , 5th Infantry , respectively . Company A ( Moatengators ) , 2d Battalion , 187th Infantry was on jump status and later this was expanded to the entire battalion . During a realignment of the United States Army 's combat forces in 1987 the colors of the 1st and 2d Battalions were inactivated in Panama and reactivated at Fort Campbell , KY . This resulted in 2-187th being reflagged as the 1st Battalion ( Airborne ) , 508th Infantry while 1-187th was reflagged as the 5th Battalion , 87th Infantry .
Beginning in early 1988 , after the first coup attempt against Noriega failed , life for the soldiers and families of the Brigade became increasingly difficult due to civil unrest in Panama City and harassment by the Panama Defense Force . Movements off post were often restricted , armed confrontations occurred frequently and quality of life declined . Panamanian provocations , intended to deny freedom of movement rights that were guaranteed by treaty , steadily escalated . Americans were increasingly detained without charges and held without communication . At one point , several school buses full of dependent children on the way to school were commandeered by the PDF and held for hours . This harassment culminated after the abortive Panamanian elections during the summer of 1989 , when all off-post personnel were moved on-post , resulting in families having to double or triple up in on-post quarters .
As part of the fall-out from the aborted Panamanian elections , the Army sent a package of augmentation forces to Panama ( Operation NIMROD DANCER ) - which included a mechanized battalion from the 5th Infantry Division ( Mechanized ) , based at Fort Polk , Louisiana ; this battalion was attached to the Brigade , forming Task Force Bayonet . Later in the fall of 1989 , the Brigade instituted an intensive training program to prepare for combat operations , which seemed increasingly likely after the failure of the second coup , in October . In December 1989 , two years of diplomatic tension between Panama and the United States came to a head . In a speech to a gathering of his supporters , General Manuel Noriega – the head of the PDF and de facto dictator of Panama – declared that a state of war existed between the United States and Panama . This might well have been dismissed as simply more of his defiant , anti-U.S. rhetoric , were it not for two events that followed within a matter of hours . A U.S. Marine officer was shot and killed at a PDF checkpoint , and then a U.S. Navy officer and his wife in the following car were arrested , taken to the Commandancia and beaten and abused for several hours . In light of this series of events , President George Bush ordered the invasion of Panama , codenamed Operation Just Cause , to protect U.S. lives and property , and to permit the inauguration of the winners of the previous summer 's elections .
Operation JUST CAUSE
The mission of the 193d , tactically organized as Task Force Bayonet , was twofold . The defensive component required the protection of an extensive complex of US military bases , family housing tracts and Panama Canal Commission facilities that stretched over an area of 20 kilometers . This included protection of the vital Miraflores and Pedro Miguel lock complexes . Simultaneously , the Brigade was responsible for an offensive area of operations that encompassed half of Panama City and its 1.1 million inhabitants . Within this area , the Brigade 's initial offensive task was to isolate and eliminate all PDF units ( police , military and para-military ) in the areas Fort Amador , Ancon Hill , Balboa , and Chorrillo . Of primary importance was the Commandancia , which was to be taken in a coup de main . Other objectives within this area included : the PDF 's Engineer Battalion compound , that part of Fort Amador occupied by the PDF 5th Company and the Panamanian Army headquarters ; the Balboa and Ancon DENI ( Panama 's National Defense of Investigations ) and Balboa Department of Transportation ( DNTT ) stations .
Although the 193d Infantry Brigade ( Light ) was , by TO & E , only a small brigade , as a result of various augmentations leading up to JUST CAUSE , in its role as TF Bayonet it ended up being the largest brigade-sized task force in JUST CAUSE . The various units that comprised TF Bayonet on D-Day were :
193rd Infantry Brigade ( Light )
Headquarters & Headquarters Company
1st Battalion , 508th Infantry ( Airborne ) ( previously designated 3-5th , respectively 2-187th )
5th Battalion , 87th Infantry
1st Battalion , 228th Aviation , Fort Kobbe
Battery D , 320th Field Artillery
59th Engineer Company ( Sapper )
Augmentation as a result of NIMROD DANCER
4th Battalion , 6th Infantry , from the 5th Infantry Division ( Mechanized )
One M551 Sheridan platoon from the 3rd Battalion , 73rd Armor , arrived 18 November 1989 from the 82nd Airborne Division
Augmentation effective on execution of JUST CAUSE
519th MP Battalion , deployed to Panama the week before JUST CAUSE from Fort Meade , Maryland .
209th MP Company
401st MP Company
511th MP Company
555th MP Company
988th MP Company - arrived on 14 December 1989 and was the 1st MP company to receive combat orders since Vietnam
108th MP Company ( arrived D+1 as part of the reinforcing airflow )
One company , 75th Ranger Regiment , on D-Day for the purpose of clearing the Commandancia .
One Marine platoon ( LAV-25s ) from Task Force Semper Fi
Note that TF Bayonet had neither an organic forward support battalion nor normal combat service support units , as was doctrine at the time . Limited support was provided by the 41st Area Support Group ( which had theater-wide responsibilities ) , but lacking a dedicated Forward Support Battalion , the Brigade 's logistical support operations were significantly strained . A fifth maneuver battalion had originally been slated for TF Bayonet , for the purpose of having a two-battalion attack at the Commandancia – which was to be the main attack of JUST CAUSE . However , JTF-SOUTH reallocated this battalion to the other side of the Isthmus . Ironically , as JTF-SOUTH was doing this , Noriega was beefing up defenses at the Commandancia . Half of the PDF 6th Company , most of the PDF 7th Company and elements of the PDF Bn 2000 were moved to the Commandancia in the two months leading up to JUST CAUSE , replacing the unit that had led the second coup attempt .
At 1800 hours , 19 December 1989 , TF Bayonet received from JTF-SOUTH the order to execute Operation JUST CAUSE , with an H-Hour of 0100 hours , 20 December . Because the JUST CAUSE OPLAN had been classified at the top secret level , only a small number of the Brigade 's leaders were familiar with its contents .
After combat operation ceased , a political decision to rapidly drawdown US forces to their pre-invasion levels had an unexpected impact on the 193d ; in order to reach that level , USSOUTHCOM directed that the Brigade 's field artillery battery be inactivated and its personnel – and their families – be immediately shipped out of country . During this period TF Bayonet became what is believed to be the largest combat brigade-sized unit in post-WWII history , controlling at one period seven infantry battalions – just two shies of what a full division commanded at the time . It managed this task – over the extreme distances noted above – without the benefit of a dedicated support battalion , and the logistical improvisation required was little short of genius .
Within several more months , the rest of the augmentation forces were withdrawn . The 193d Infantry Brigade however , remained in Panama and continued to provide a military presence . On 14 October 1994 after more than 32 years of providing ground defense for Panama , 193d Infantry Brigade was 'honored ' as the first major unit to inactivate in accordance with the Panama Canal Treaty of 1977 , treaty implementation plan , which mandated U.S . Forces withdrawal from Panama by December 1999 .
Current mission
On 31 January 2007 , the 193rd Infantry Brigade was reactivated at Fort Jackson , South Carolina with the mission to conduct basic combat training for new entrants to the Army . It has replaced the 171st Infantry Brigade in this task ; however , both the 193d and 171st ( inactivated 10 June 2016 ) have a headquarters and personnel on post .
Headquarters & Headquarters Company
1st Battalion , 13th Infantry
2d Battalion , 13th Infantry
3d Battalion , 13th Infantry
2d Battalion , 60th Infantry
3d Battalion , 60th Infantry
120th Adjutant General Battalion
Campaign participation credit
World War II
Central Europe
Combat Infantry Brigade – streamer
Operation Just Cause
Panama
Notes
References
`` The history of the 193rd Infantry Brigade ''
`` The Brigade : A History , Its Organization and Employment in the US Army ''
193rd Infantry Brigade
Summary – Operation JUST CAUSE – 193d Infantry Brigade ( Light ) ( Task Force Bayonet ) , dtd 31 January 1990 .
TF Bayonet S-3 ( Operations ) Staff Duty Journal , 190001 December 1989 – 152359 January 1990 .
193
193
Military units and formations established in 1922
Andrey Eduardovich Klemm ( Андрей Эдуардович Клемм ) ( born 1967 ) is a Russian born ballet dancer , ballet teacher , author and choreographer .
Early life and education
Klemm was born in Moscow on April 30,1967 . His father Eduard Stanislavovich Klemm was an architect and his mother Alexandra Pavlovna Klemm worked in the television industry in Moscow .
Andrey Klemm began his ballet training at the age of nine at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy in Moscow , he moved to the school with permanent residence at the age of ten .
Among other teachers , Klemm studied for many years with Professor Alexander Bondarenko and graduated in 1985 with special distinction ( Red diploma ) .
Career
Upon graduating from Klemm was invited by director Natalia Kasatkina to join The Moscow Classical Ballet , he was promoted to soloist and danced with this company until 1994 . During this time he continued his studies with ballet master Naum Azarin-Messerer , also from 1992-1994 Klemm studied to be a ballet teacher at The Russian Institute of Theatre Arts ( GITIS ) .
From 1994-1997 he danced at the Bonn Opera House ( Oper der Stadt Bonn ) with Valery Panov as director .
In 1996 Klemm began teaching master classes in major cities in the United States . Following this time in 1997 , he joined the Berlin State Opera ( Staatsballet , Berlin ( formerly Deutsche Staatsoper Opera ) as a dancer and then as a teacher and ballet master from 2001-2007 . Coinciding with this time period during 2001-2006 Klemm successfully completed professorship studies at the Natalia Nesterova University of Moscow with professor Anatoly Borzov .
In 2007 Klemm was appointed ballet professor at the Opera National de Paris .
He is also a regular guest teacher at The Bolshoi Theater , Stuttgart Ballet , The Saxon State Opera in Dresden , Dusseldorf Opera House , The Vienna State Opera , The Dutch National Ballet , TheTokyo City Ballet , Tokyo Ballet , The Royal Ballet in London , as well as Tanztheater Wuppertal Pina Bausch . Klemm was also one of the ballet masters in the film “ Pina ” which is a 2011 German 3D documentary film about the contemporary dance choreographer Pina Bausch , when Klemm taught , Pina Bausch frequently enjoyed observing his classes .
Since 2014 Klemm has been a ballet master and judge at the International Ballet Competition Youth America Grand Prix .
In 2018 and 2019 Klemm taught at The World Ballet Festival in Tokyo Japan which was organized by NBS . He also has continued to perform occasionally with The Paris Opera Ballet as well as for choreographers such as in Mats Ek 's “ Bernarda 's House ” , with The Paris Opera Ballet Klemm performed as Monsieur Duval in John Neumeier 's Lady of the Camellias , 2018-19 , Pierre Lacotte 's Paquita for the Bolshoi tour and several others works .
In October 2021 Klemm performed again with the Paris Opera dancing the role of Le Marquis de la Mole in Le Rouge et le Noir of Pierre Lacotte .
Klemm has created many ballet class dvds as well as Youtube ballet classes , some of his classes are streamed on Worldballetclass .
Throughout the course of the COVID pandemic Klemm produced 12 live workshops streamed online for students in many different countries . In 2020 his ” Le cours d'apres ” class was filmed on the Passerelle Leopold Sedar-Senghor bridge in Paris with Etoiles of Paris Opera , Hugo Marchand and Paul Marque and premiere danseuse Sylvia Saint-Martin , accompanying on the piano is Louis Lancien also from the Paris Opera .
During the pandemic , Klemm also created classes online for the Royal Ballet of London which were recorded by The Royal Ballet and used exclusively for their dancers .
In August of 2021 Klemm also created and taught classes for Le Grand Stage a classical dance workshop in Paris , continuing in 2021 he taught masterclasses for Staatsballet Berlin , LesBallets de Montecarlo , Monaco , Ballet Russo Barcelona and Stage de danse Mansle and Athens Ballet school , he continues as a ballet professor at The Paris Opera Ballet .
Repertoire : includes the ballets of Marius Petipa , Lev Ivanov , Natalia Kasatkina , Vladimir Vassiliev , Pierre Lacotte , Valerie Panov , Vamos , George Balanchine , Bejart , Rudolf Nureyev , Roland Petit , Kenneth McMillan , Alberto Alonso , Patrice Bart , William Forsythe , Vladimir Vassilyov , Vladimir Malachov , John Neumeier , and Mats Ek .
Publications
Classe , first published in France in 2018
Classe was also published in Russia in 2020
Videography
Masterclasses with Andrey Klemm , streamed on worldballetclass , 2020 .
Masterclass with Andrey Klemm on DVD produced by Andrey Klemm in 2009
Little Ballerina on DVD produced in 2010 by Andrey Klemm .
Sur Les Pointes with Etoile Isabelle Ciaravola on DVD produced by Andrey Klemm in 2013 .
Ballet class with Andrey Klemm and Amandine Albisson on DVD produced by Andrey Klemm in 2015 .
Lesson at the Opera Paquita variation Andrey Klemm and Antoine Kircher on DVD produced by Andrey Klemm in 2018
Class at the Opera with Hannah O'Neill produced by Andrey Klemm in 2018 on DVD , streamed by worldballetclass 2020 .
Ballet Class In Paris Opera- Andrey Klemm produced by Andrey Klemm in 2019 .
Masterclass with Andrey Klemm for Rostov Theatre Ballet Company , Second Ballet festival of Olga Spesivtseva
Andrey Klemm Lockdown Ballet Class with Chloe Reveillon for worldwide ballet class 2020 .
Le cours d ' apres ballet class produced by Andrey Klemm in Paris France ( 2020 . )
CD 's ; all produced by Andrey Klemm
Ballet Class Music Volume 1 Produced in Paris , France ( 2013 )
Ballet Class music 2 Produced in Paris France ( 2015 )
Ballet Class Music 3 Produced in Paris France ( 2017 )
Ballet Class music 4 Le cours d'après Produced in Paris France ( 2020
Choreography
Clara danse sur “ Casse-Noisette ” , La March Prodiges
Clara danse sur “ La Moldau ” - Prodiges 3
References
Further reading
Filanthrope Magazine , October 4 , 2021 , pages 6-13
European Dance news issue 351 ( November 2018 ) pages 11-18
Jennings , Amanda . “ Andrey Klemm. ” Dance Europe 200 ( November 2015 ) , pages 11-15
Mihaela , “ Andrey Klemm Und Sein Alltag Als Ballettmeister Der Pariser Oper. ” Dance for You Magazine , October 4 , 2021 . Accessed October 15 , 2021 .
1967 births
Living people
Russian male ballet dancers
French ballet masters
Ballet teachers
Steve McCahill ( born 3 September 1966 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton , Celtic and Morton .
Career
McCahill began his senior career at Boghead playing for Dumbarton and spent nearly five years there , making nearly 150 league appearances for the club . McCahill impressed in a Scottish Cup tie against Celtic in January 1989 and signed for the club a couple of days later .
McCahill made his debut for Celtic on 25 February 1989 , coming on as a second-half substitute in a 3–0 win over Dundee at Dens Park . He made a further 4 league appearances for Celtic that season and also played in the Dubai Champions Cup match against Liverpool on 4 April 1989 , in which he turned in a highly impressive performance which helped Celtic to a win on penalties after the match had finished 1–1 . However , McCahill sustained a fractured jaw in league match against Motherwell on 12 April 1989 . McCahill featured rarely for Celtic after that and left on a free transfer to Morton in October 1992 .
McCahill played regularly for Morton for the next few years and won a Scottish Second Division league medal in 1995 .
References
External links
Steve McCahill , The Celtic Wiki
McCahill 's Celtic move fulfills boyhood dream , HeraldScotland
1966 births
Living people
Footballers from Greenock
Association football defenders
Scottish footballers
Dumbarton F.C . players
Celtic F.C . players
Greenock Morton F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
The Sovereign Independent Samoa Party ( ) is a political party in Samoa . The party was established in April 2020 and is led by Fesola ' i Logomalieimatagi Tepa Toloa . It contested the 2021 Samoan general election .
The party was officially launched on 2 September 2020 . It nominated only one candidate for the 2021 election . On 11 December 2020 the party announced an electoral alliance with the Tautua Samoa Party and Samoa First Party , under which the parties would support each others candidates in seats where they are not running against one another .
During the 2021 election the party 's sole candidate was unsuccessful , earning a total of 30 votes .
Electoral history
References
Political parties in Samoa
Political parties established in 2020
Barkla is a lunar impact crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon . It is located to the east of the prominent crater Langrenus , and was formerly designated Langrenus A before being renamed by the IAU in 1979 . Due east of Barkla is Kapteyn , a formation only slightly larger with a similar size . Southwest of Barkla is the crater Lamé .
The rim of Barkla is very nearly circular , although it is slightly elongated to the northeast and southwest . The wall shows little appearance of erosion from subsequent impacts , and is not overlain by any craterlets of note . At the midpoint of the floor is a central peak , which joins a low ridge running to the south and northeast .
References
External links
Impact craters on the Moon
VR Ambarsar ( previously known as Trilium Amritsar ) is a flagship shopping mall of Virtuous Retail situated in Circular Road , Amritsar , Punjab , India and is the largest mall in the Indian State of Punjab . The mall is spread over 6 floors , and includes 250+ brands , 12+ Fine Dine and a 6 screen Inox multiplex .
Developed by Tata Group , the mall was opened to public in 2013 as Trilium . However , the group sold the mall in December 2019 for Rs . 700 Crore to Virtuous Retail which re-branded the mall as their flagship VR Ambarsar . The mall is spread over a gross sizeable area of 1 Million sqft making it one of the largest malls in the region .
About
The mall was originally planned and constructed by Tata Reality and Infrastructure Limited ( TRIL ) . Beside the mall , the complex also hosts 5-star Taj Swarna hotel owned by Tata Group . The mall was formally inaugurated by the chief minister of Punjab Parkash Singh Badal in February 2013 . Taj Swarna hotel in the complex was formally inaugurated later in January 2017 , which as per the group serves Amritsar and the adjoining cities of Jalandhar and Ludhiana .
It is one of the few malls in India which LEED compliant and earthquake resistant . The mall is spread over an area of 5.54 acre making it Punjab 's largest mall
Acquisition
Tata Group , the original developer of the mall later sold the mall to Virtuous Retail in December 2019 for a deal costing 100 Million USD ( Rs . 700 Crore ) . This was Virtuous Retail 's 5th mall in India after Chennai , Bengaluru , Surat and Mohali . The group then re-branded the mall from `` Trilium Mall '' to its flagship brand `` VR Ambarsar '' .
Entertainment
Stores in the mall are all major key international and national brands across key retail , lifestyle and entertainment . The mall houses over 250 International brands in over 100 stores . The mall also hosts a six screen multiplex by Inox . The architecture of mall consists of two identical blocks-Block A and Block B both of which are inter-connected to each other by aerobridges across multiple floors . Behind both blocks , stands the Taj Swarna hotel which continues to be owned by Taj Hotels . Apart from these , the mall will host a food court with seating capacity of over 800 , hypermarket , departmental stores and family entertainment centre .
Events
This is the list of some of the notable events in the mall :
Gurupurab Specials ( November 2020 )
Punjabi Virsa ( April 2016 )
Summer Fest ( June 2015 )
Videocon Connect Contest ( March 2015 )
Trilium Women of Now Awards in Association with 92.7 Big FM ( March 2015 )
Drawing Competition ( March 2015 )
Acting Workshop ( January 2015 )
Khushiyan di Lohri ( January 2015 )
SAM Event ( August 2014 )
Summer Toon Fest ( June 2014 )
The Pakistan Show ( May 2014 )
Miss Amritsar 2013 Grand Finale ( December 2013 )
References
2013 establishments in Punjab , India
Shopping malls in Punjab , India
Amritsar
Roberto Oviedo ( born 3 April 1960 ) is an Argentine boxer . He competed in the men 's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1960 births
Living people
Argentine male boxers
Olympic boxers of Argentina
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Light-heavyweight boxers
Tubuliporidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cyclostomatida .
Genera
Genera :
Bathysoecia Osburn , 1953
Biovicella Mongereau , 1970
Buglovella Ponomareva , 1975
References
Bryozoan families
John Isaac De Graff ( October 2 , 1783 – July 26 , 1848 ) was an American businessman and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from New York 1827 to 1829 , and again from 1837 to 1839 .
Biography
De Graff was born in Schenectady , New York , the son of American Revolution veteran Judge Isaac DeGraff and Susanna Van Epps , and he attended the common schools and the Schenectady Academy , a school operated by Schenectady 's Dutch Reformed Church . He engaged in mercantile pursuits and banking in Schenectady , and his firm prospered , maintaining offices in London and Paris . He was also a successful real estate investor and landlord , and owned several houses , farms , commercial buildings and pastures in and around Schenectady .
Militia
In the early 1800s De Graff served in the militia , and was appointed an Ensign in the Schenectady regiment commanded by Jacob Swits .
He attended Union College in 1811 , and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa .
War of 1812
He played a key role in the War of 1812 by lending the government money to use in equipping a naval fleet . He pledged both private funds and his personal credit to the amount of $ 100,000 ( about $ 1.1 million in 2015 ) , and with this financing Thomas Macdonough was able to build and outfit the ships he used to defeat the British at the Battle of Plattsburgh . Due to the depreciation of the treasury notes with which he was repaid , De Graff lost about $ 30,000 ( about $ 330,000 in 2015 ) in aiding the war effort .
Political career
De Graff was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twentieth Congress ( March 4 , 1827 – March 3 , 1829 ) .
He served as mayor of Schenectady from 1832 to 1835 and again from 1836 to 1837 . In 1834 De Graff became the first popularly elected Mayor , because prior holders of the office had been appointed by the city council .
In 1837 De Graff was one of the incorporators of the Schenectady Lyceum and Academy , a boarding school for boys , and he served on its original board of trustees . As Mayor he oversaw the setting aside of land for and construction of a school for African Americans , and as President of Schenectady 's school trustees in the 1840s he included details on Schenectady 's African School in his annual report to the state superintendent of common schools .
De Graff was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress ( March 4 , 1837 – March 3 , 1839 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination , and declined appointment as Secretary of the Treasury in the administration of Martin Van Buren . He resumed his business activities , and was interested in the building of the Mohawk & Hudson Railroad , of which he was the first President .
In 1840 De Graff was a candidate for the New York State Assembly . He appeared to be defeated on election day , but contested the results . He presented evidence to support his charge that the ballots of Schenectady 's second ward had been tampered with , and that the fraud was sufficient to have affected the outcome , but the Assembly voted to seat Theodore W. Sanders , the Whig nominee .
He again served as mayor of Schenectady from 1842 to 1843 and 1845 to 1846 .
Later career and death
He engaged in banking and business ventures until his death . He never married , and he died in Schenectady on July 26 , 1848 . He was interred in Vale Cemetery .
References
1783 births
1848 deaths
American militia officers
People from New York ( state ) in the War of 1812
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Mayors of Schenectady , New York
Burials in New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Martyn Goff , CBE ( 7 June 1923 – 25 March 2015 ) was a British literary administrator , author , and bookseller . He made a significant contribution to the organisation and popularity of the Booker Prize for many years , and was involved in efforts to increase literacy and book ownership , particularly among children .
Background
Born in 1923 , he grew up in Hampstead , London . His father , Jacob Gulkov , was a Russian fur dealer who had emigrated to Britain and became a supplier to department stores . After studying at Clifton College in Bristol , he won a place at Oxford University to study English . Goff was demobilised in 1946 .
Personal life and honours
Goff is said to have acquired , and relished , a reputation as a dandy . His partner , Rubio Tapani Lindroos , a Finnish poet who moved to London in 1970 , died in 2014 .
Goff was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 1977 and promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 2005 . In 2003 , Oxford Brookes University awarded him an honorary doctorate .
References
1923 births
2015 deaths
British writers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Writers from London
British booksellers
British arts administrators
Booker Prize
British gay writers
Royal Air Force airmen
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Orbeasca is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of three villages : Lăceni , Orbeasca de Jos ( the commune center ) and Orbeasca de Sus .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
YLS may refer to :
Yale Law School , US
Lebel-sur-Quévillon Airport , Quebec , Canada , IATA code
Chigubo District is a district of Gaza Province in south-western Mozambique . The administrative center of the district is Dindiza . The district is located in the east of the province , and borders with Massangena District in the north , Mabote and Funhalouro Districts of Inhambane Province in the east , Chibuto District in the south , Guijá District in the southwest , Mabalane District in the west , and with Chicualacuala District in the northwest . The area of the district is . It has a population of 20,685 ( 2007 ) .
Geography
The Changane River , a major left tributary of the Limpopo River , makes a border of the district with Inhambane Province . The area of the district belongs to the drainage basin of the Limpopo .
The climate is tropical arid , with the average annual rainfall being .
Banhine National Park , part of Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park , is shared between Chigubo , Chicualacuala , and Mabalane Districts . The area of the park within Chigubo District is .
History
Until 1986 , there was a posto in Chicualacuala District . In 1986 , Chigubo District was established .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 47 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 59 % of the population spoke Portuguese . The most common mothertongue among the population was Tsonga . 82 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos , Chigubo ( two localities ) and Dindiza ( alternatively spelled Ndindiza , two localities ) .
Economy
Less than 1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 2,500 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , sweet potato , and rice .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes about of secondary roads , mainly connecting Chigubo with the rest of the district .
References
Districts in Gaza Province
States and territories established in 1986
1986 establishments in Mozambique
Villa Lugano is a barrio ( neighbourhood ) in Buenos Aires , Argentina , located in the south of the city . It has a population of approximately 114,000 people . It is delimited by Avenida Eva Perón , Avenida General Paz , Calle José Barros Pazos , Avenida Lisandro de la Torre , Avenida Coronel Roca and Avenida Escalada . To the south-east it limits with La Matanza Partido .
Generally a working-class neighbourhood , Villa Lugano is characterised by its numerous public housing complexes built in the late 20th century , such as Barrio General Manuel Savio ( commonly known as Lugano 1 y 2 ) , Barrio Cardenal Antonio Samoré , Barrio Cardenal Copello , and Barrio Comandante Luis Piedrabuena .
History
Villa Lugano was founded in 1908 , when Swiss citizen José Ferdinando Francisco Soldati ( founder of Sociedad Comercial del Plata ) established a settlement named for his hometown of Lugano . Soldati was born on 30 May 1864 in Neggio , Canton of Ticino , Switzerland , near Lugano . He bought a farm near the current location of Calle Murguiondo and Avenida Riestra . The lots were subdivided and with the sale of the first parcels , Villa Lugano was founded on 18 October 1908 .
The Villa Lugano station of the French-owned Ferrocarril Compañía General en la Provincia de Buenos Aires was inaugurated in 1910 ; about 40 families lived in Villa Lugano by 1912 . The low-lying area , known originally as the Bañado de Flores ( `` Flores Wetlands '' ) grew slowly until flood control works were completed along the Cildañez Stream in the 1960s . It had developed a working class profile by then , and became the site of one of the city 's largest villa miseria slums . Villa Lugano was chosen as the site of the General Manuel Savio housing development . Built by the Municipal Housing Commission between 1970 and 1973 , the complex was the largest public housing development built in Buenos Aires , including over 12,000 housing units and becoming home to nearly 30,000 people . Bordering Villa Soldati to the east , Villa Lugano was separated from the former by municipal edict in 1972 . The district was connected to the Buenos Aires Underground by the Pre-Metro , inaugurated in 1987 .
Transport
Within the Greater Buenos Aires commuter rail network , Villa Lugano is served by the Lugano station of Belgrano Sur Line . In addition , most of the Premetro line of the Buenos Aires Underground runs through Villa Lugano , connecting the neighbourhood to the Underground network through Line E .
References
External links
Villa Lugano web site
Neighbourhoods of Buenos Aires
The 2022 Walsh Cup was the early-season tier 1 inter-county hurling competition based in the Irish province of Leinster . Seven counties compete – five from Leinster , Galway from Connacht and Antrim from Ulster .
Seven other counties from Leinster competed in the tier 2 and tier 3 Leinster competitions – see 2022 Kehoe Cup and Shield .
It took place in January 2022. were the winners .
Competition format
The teams are drawn into one group of four teams and one group of three teams . Each team plays the other teams in their group once , earning 2 points for a win and 1 for a draw . The group winners advance to the final .
Fixtures and results
Group A
Group B
Final
References
Walsh Cup
Walsh Cup ( hurling )
Mondol Seima District ( ) is a district ( srok ) of Koh Kong Province , in south-western Cambodia . The Kah Bpow River flows through it .
Administration
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
Clément Vidal ( born 18 June 2000 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for club Ajaccio .
Club career
Vidal played youth football for SC Orange . In November 2017 , he signed a professional contract with Montpellier . He made his professional debut with the club on 4 December 2019 in a 2–2 draw away to Dijon .
On 1 July 2022 , Vidal permanently signed for Ajaccio following a loan spell at the club .
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
Footballers from Montpellier
Association football central defenders
French footballers
France youth international footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Montpellier HSC players
AC Ajaccio players
Curly Ray Cline ( January 10 , 1923 – August 19 , 1997 ) was an American bluegrass fiddler from West Virginia known for his work with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers and Ralph Stanley .
Biography
Cline was born in Mingo County , West Virginia . He learned the basics from his father , but other than that he was self-taught . While he was growing up playing the fiddle , he was inspired by Fiddlin ' Arthur Smith of the Grand Ole Opry . Curly and his brothers were all musically talented , but Curly Ray and brother Charlie Cline were especially gifted .
When Curly Ray was 15 years old , he , along with his cousin Ezra and brother Ned formed the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers around 1938 . The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers started off playing on radio station WHIS in the nearby town of Bluefield , where they remained until 1952 . Although during this time Curly and brother Charlie Cline were also playing in Jimmy Martin 's band , the Sunny Mountain Boys . Occasionally , Curly Ray did studio work for many musicians such as Jimmy Martin , Bobby Osborne , Rex and Eleanor Parker and Hobo Jack Adkins . He continued to perform with the Fiddlers intermittently through the early 1960s .
In early 1963 , Curly Ray left the Fiddlers to play with The Stanley Brothers . He played with them on a part-time basis until Carter Stanley 's death in 1966 . When Ralph Stanley reconfigured the band in 1967 , Curly Ray signed on as his full-time fiddler . Curly Ray appears on every succeeding record until his retirement in 1993 . He was succeeded by fellow West Virginian James Price .
Curly Ray 's fiddling blended in perfectly with Ralph Stanley 's music . Curly 's playing was that of the old time bluegrass . Cline had a deep passion for old time music , as he did for bluegrass . Ralph Stanley felt the same way about his music . The two became very good friends while touring together . Ralph Stanley said of Curly Ray , at Curly Ray 's funeral : `` He plays the fiddle sort of the way I play the banjo , he plays it the way he feels it . ''
While playing in Ralph Stanley 's Clinch Mountain Boys , Curly Ray released a few soli , mostly instrumental , records . On these albums , Cline combined his own vocal sound effects , including sounds of barking hounds and braying mules , with traditional bluegrass songs . He did hardly any solo singing until about 1972 , when he began to sing comedy numbers to add variety to Ralph 's shows .
Discography
And His Lonesome Pine Fiddle ( Melody MLP-17 ) 1969
The Working Man ( Jalyn JLP-126 ) 1970
Chicken Reel ( Rebel SLP-1498 ) 1971
They Cut Down the Old Pine Tree ( Rebel SLP-1509 ) 1972
My Little Home In West Virginia ( Rebel SLP-1515 ) 1972
Fishing For Another Hit ( Rebel SLP-1531 ) 1974
Why Me Ralph ? ( Rebel SLP-1545 ) 1975
It 's Bread And Water For ... ( Rebel SLP-1566 ) 1977
Who 's Gon na Mow My Grass ( Rebel SLP-1577 ) 1978
Boar Hog ( Old Homestead OHS-90138 ) 1980
The Old Kentucky Fox Hunter Plays Gospel ( Old Homestead OHS-70047 ) 1982
Smarter Than The Average Idiot ( Tin Ear TE-33010 ) 1984
The Deputy ( Nashville Country NCLP 101 ) 1988
Together Again At Their Best ( River Track Studios RTS-1341 ) c1990 ( cassette shown as by Curly Ray , Charley and Timmy Cline )
References
1923 births
1997 deaths
American bluegrass fiddlers
Musicians from West Virginia
20th-century American musicians
`` Endangered Species '' is a 2007 comic book storyline published by Marvel Comics . Starring the X-Men , it ran from June to October 2007 . It begins with the Endangered Species one-shot written by Mike Carey and drawn by Scot Eaton .
The storyline , following up on the events of `` House of M '' and `` Decimation '' , focuses on the Beast and explains why some mutants have retained their superpowers .
The story is composed of a one-shot and 17 eight-page back-up stories spread across the X-Men , Uncanny X-Men , X-Factor and New X-Men titles , starting with X-Men # 200 . It acts as a prelude to a major story arc starting in October 2007 called `` Messiah Complex '' .
Tagline
`` Witness the death of a species ... ''
Plot summary
The X-Men and various other mutants attend the funeral of a young mutant boy named Landru who has been killed in a road traffic accident and muse on what this means for mutantkind .
Beast plans to find a way to reverse M-Day . After he was unable to attain a solution he seeks the help of some of the world 's most dangerous supervillain geniuses . Hank travels to Transia in search of the High Evolutionary , who discusses the possibility that science can not undo something that magic ultimately caused . However he ultimately seems uninterested in helping . He does hint that Hank is not the first person to travel to Wundagore looking for a solution to the M-Day problem , nor the first to be dissatisfied with his answers .
Hank next receives an offer from Kavita Rao : with mutants as an endangered species , her research into depowering mutants has become pointless . Tissue samples from all the mutants that she depowered turned to dust on M-Day . She gives Hank her notes and lab and returns to India . Beast travels to the Neverland facility , whose mutant prisoners are revealed to have been killed after the facility was shut down by Weapon X . He discovers Dark Beast , who offers his help . Hank reluctantly accepts under the condition that the Dark Beast follows Hank 's orders .
Dark Beast convinces Hank to take a serum of his own `` liquid memory '' , wherein Hank experiences several of the Dark Beast 's memories . After experiencing the atrocities Dark Beast committed , Hank declares him insane . They arrive at a nuclear power plant in Alamogordo , New Mexico , that once served as a research facility for the `` study '' of mutations by an organization known as `` Project : Black Womb '' , which was devoted to the vivisection of newborn mutants with evident signs of mutation .
After realizing how the disappearance of the X-gene rendered such research null and void , Dark Beast suggests going to Genosha , scavenging dead mutant corpses . After extensive examination , Hank realizes that even if the X-gene was expunged from the world mutant population , many of them retained some of their altered body features . He proposes to Dark Beast that an artificial X-gene may be created through donation from the remaining living mutants and the dead mutants who still remained powered . They embark on a comparative analysis of depowered mutants , before and after the M-Day , to be able to comprehend the very nature of mutation itself , which Hank plans to do by first discovering how to keep old samples viable by examining the contraband drug Mutant Growth Hormone . With the aid of Bishop , Beast meets with an MGH dealer in District X , a former mutant ghetto , only to discover that if a donor mutant has been depowered , any MGH distilled from that mutant was also depowered .
Having realized that all mutants from alternate timelines- including Bishop , Cable , and Rachel Summers- retained their powers , Hank goes to see Forge , who reveals that he scanned alternate timelines known to have mutants with his equipment and has found that no more mutants exist in any of them , suggesting that those timelines have either been erased or altered .
Deciding to look into the parents of several mutants in the hopes of isolating chromosomes in order to create an artificial X-gene ,
Hank and the Dark Beast travel to the Guthrie home in Kentucky . Hank is unable to procure a blood sample from Mrs. Guthrie due to her fear of her remaining children becoming mutants and dying like their older siblings . At the same time , the Dark Beast coerces one of the younger children into taking an untested antidote to activate his latent X-gene . This causes the boy to fall into a coma with hives covering his arms . The two Beasts start to fight until Mrs. Guthrie shoots the Dark Beast with a shotgun . Hank saves the boy 's life .
Some time afterwards , Spiral teleports to Hank and claims that Mojo is displeased with the fact that mutants are now an endangered species , which will affect his television ratings . Spiral advises him that when science ca n't help , magic might be a solution .
Hank goes to see Doctor Strange , who shows him the true depth of the Scarlet Witch 's spell : it has woven itself through billions of people and countless other worlds and dimensions . Hank asks if the spell can be reversed , and Strange replies that with enough preparation and assistance , it is possible . But as the spell is now , he claimed even trying to break it could cause reality to implode upon itself . Hank and Doctor Strange travel through alternate realities to find an answer but can not find one .
With no other options available , Beast travels to Transia where he meets Wanda Maximoff on the streets , however , she claims to not remember anything of her life as the Scarlet Witch . Instead , Wanda tells him a story warning of the dangers of getting what you wish for . Beast , having made no progress on his search , returns to Neverland and gives all the corpses a separate burial .
Publication
June 2007
Endangered Species one-shot
Part 1 : X-Men ( vol . 2 ) # 200
July 2007
Part 2 : Uncanny X-Men # 488
Part 3 : X-Factor # 21
Part 4 : New X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 40
Part 5 : X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 201
August 2007
Part 6 : Uncanny X-Men # 489
Part 7 : X-Factor # 22
Part 8 : New X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 41
Part 9 : X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 202
September 2007
Part 10 : Uncanny X-Men # 490
Part 11 : X-Factor # 23
Part 12 : New X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 42
Part 13 : X-Men ( vol 2 ) # 203
October 2007
Part 14 : Uncanny X-Men # 491
Part 15 : X-Factor # 24
Part 16/17 : X-Men # 204
Note : New X-Men # 43 , originally scheduled to contain Part 16 , was delayed , so the part is contained in X-Men # 204 along with 17 .
Collected editions
The one-shot and the seventeen , eight-page back-up stories have been collected into a single trade paperback ( comics ) volume ) :
X-Men : Endangered Species ( 192 pages , hardcover , February 2008 , softcover , August 2008 , )
References
Gerald `` Soupy '' Campbell ( July 14 , 1944 – August 9 , 2017 ) was a professional football player , a linebacker in the Canadian Football League for the Calgary Stampeders ( 1966–1968 ) and the Ottawa Rough Riders ( 1968–1975 ) .
Early years
Born in Binghamton , New York , Campbell played high school football for the Lewis and Clark Tigers in Spokane , Washington , and graduated in 1962 . He then played college football at the University of Idaho in Moscow , about south , and was a three-year starter for the Vandals on defense under head coaches Dee Andros and Steve Musseau .
At Idaho , he was a roommate of future major league pitcher Bill Stoneman . Tired of spring football practice , Campbell tried out for the Vandal baseball team in 1965 on a whim and made the team as a back-up catcher and outfielder .
Canadian Football League
Calgary
Campbell started his CFL career with the Calgary Stampeders in 1966 .
Ottawa
During his third year in the CFL , Campbell became a member of the Ottawa Rough Riders via a trade during the 1968 season . As an outside linebacker , he played next to middle linebacker Ken Lehmann up to 1971 and behind defensive end Billy Joe Booth up to 1970 .
He was a savvy and quick linebacker , rarely blowing his assignment . As a result , Campbell was a CFL All-Star for seven straight years ( 1969–1975 ) for the Rough Riders and played a significant part on three Grey Cup championship teams for them , in 1968 , 1969 , and 1973 .
Calgary : second time around
Campbell finished his CFL career where he started , in Calgary , but played only 2 games with the team in 1976 .
Post-football honors
For his high level of play and consistency over many years , Campbell was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Death
Campbell died of a heart attack on August 9 , 2017 in Toronto , aged 73 . He also had Alzheimer 's disease in his later years .
References
External links
Canadian Football Hall of Fame member
1944 births
2017 deaths
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Canadian football linebackers
Idaho Vandals football players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Sportspeople from Binghamton , New York
The Treaty of Washington City was a treaty signed on January 20 , 1825 ( proclaimed on February 19 , 1825 ) between the Choctaw ( an American Indian tribe ) and the United States Government .
Overview
Apuckshunubbee , Pushmataha , and Mosholatubbee , the principal leaders of the Choctaws , went to Washington City ( the 19th century name for Washington , D.C. ) to discuss encroaching settlement and to seek the expulsion of settlers or financial compensation . The group also included Talking Warrior , Red Fort , Nittahkachee , Col. Robert Cole and David Folsom , both half-breed Indians , Captain Daniel McCurtain , and Major John Pitchlynn , the U.S. Interpreter .
The proposed route to Washington was to travel the Natchez trace to Nashville , Tennessee , then to Lexington , Kentucky , onward to Maysville , Kentucky , across the Ohio River northward to Chillicothe , Ohio , ( former principal town of the Shawnee ) , then finally east over the `` National Highway '' to Washington City .
Meetings while in Washington City
Pushmataha met with President James Monroe and gave a speech to Secretary of War John C. Calhoun , reminding him of the longstanding alliances between the United States and the Choctaws . He said , `` [ I ] can say and tell the truth that no Choctaw ever drew his bow against the United States ... My nation has given of their country until it is very small . We are in trouble. '' . ''
While in Washington , Pushmataha sat for a portrait by Charles Bird King in his Army uniform ; it hung in the Smithsonian Institution until 1865 .
Pushmataha also met with the Marquis de Lafayette , who was visiting Washington City . Pushmataha said , `` Nearly fifty snows have melted since you drew your sword with Washington and fought the enemies of the United States ... Our hearts have longed to see you . ''
Terms
The preamble begins with ,
The treaty had the following abbreviated terms ,
1 . Lands ceded to the United States .
2 . $ 6,000 to be paid to Choctaws annually , forever .
3 . $ 6,000 to be paid them annually for 16 years .
4 . Provision for Choctaws who may desire to remain .
5 . A certain debt due by Choctaws relinquished .
6 . Payment for services rendered in the Pensacola campaign .
7 . Fourth article of the aforesaid treaty to be modified . The Congress of the United States shall not exercise the power of apportioning the lands ... and of bringing them under the laws of the United States , but with the consent of the Choctaw Nation .
8 . Payment to satisfy claims due by the United States .
9 . An agent and blacksmith for Choctaws west of the Mississippi .
10 . Robert Cole to receive a medal .
11 . Friendship perpetuated .
12 . When to take effect .
Signatories
J. C. Calhoun , Mooshulatubbee , Robert Cole , Daniel McCurtain , Talking Warrior , Red Fort , Nittuckachee , David Folsom , J. L. McDonald , Thos . L. McKenney , Hezekiah Miller , and John Pitchlynn ( United States interpreter ) .
Aftermath
Apuckshunubbee died in Maysville , Kentucky ; and Pushmataha died in Washington . Apuckshunubbee was reported to have died from a broken neck caused by a fall from a hotel balcony . Other historians say he fell from a cliff .
Pushmataha died of croup , even though the disease usually only afflicts infants and young children .
Apuckshunubee 's successor was Robert Cole and later Greenwood LeFlore . Pushmataha 's successor was Nittakechi . The deaths of these two leaders effectively crippled the Choctaw Nation . Within six years the Choctaw were forced to cede their last remaining territory in Mississippi to the United States .
See also
List of Choctaw Treaties
Treaty of Hopewell
Treaty of Fort Adams
Treaty of Fort Confederation
Treaty of Hoe Buckintoopa
Treaty of Mount Dexter
Treaty of Fort St. Stephens
Treaty of Doak 's Stand
Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
List of treaties
Citations
External links
Indian Affairs : Laws and Treaties ( Treaty with the Choctaw , 1825 )
Native American history of Arkansas
Washington
1825 treaties
1825 in Arkansas Territory
1825 in the United States
The Vietnam Open ( ) in badminton is an international open held in Vietnam since 1996 .
In its first edition , the 1997 Badminton Asia Championships runners-up Lee Wan Wah and Choong Tan Fook were the winners in the men 's doubles event . After another edition in 1997 , the championships were halted for 8 years , they were held again in the BWF calendar in 2006 . In 2007 they were established as a BWF Grand Prix event . The 2018 Vietnam Open was the sixth Super 100 tournament and part of the 2018 BWF World Tour .
Previous winners
Performances by nation
Note
References
Badminton tournaments in Vietnam
Michael Brian Young ( born October 19 , 1976 ) is an American former professional baseball infielder who played 14 seasons in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Texas Rangers , Philadelphia Phillies , and Los Angeles Dodgers . Since 2014 , Young has worked in the Rangers ' front office as a Special Assistant to the General Manager . Originally a second baseman , the versatile Young was a five-time All-Star at shortstop , once at third base , and once as a combination designated hitter / utility infielder . He was the 2005 American League ( AL ) batting champion .
Young played baseball in high school at Bishop Amat Memorial High School and in college at University of California , Santa Barbara ( UC-Santa Barbara ) . He was originally drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in 1994 , but elected to return to college and was eventually drafted in 1997 by the Toronto Blue Jays . After spending several seasons in the minor leagues with the Blue Jays , Young was traded to the Rangers , where he spent over a decade . While with the Rangers , Young set several club records in offensive statistical categories , including runs scored and total bases . In 2016 , Young was inducted into the Texas Rangers Hall of Fame . In 2019 , Young 's No . 10 was retired by the Rangers .
Early life
Young attended Bishop Amat Memorial High School in La Puente , California , followed by the University of California , Santa Barbara , to which he later donated money to refurbish the school 's baseball field .
Young was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 25th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball draft but did not sign . Three years later the Toronto Blue Jays selected him in the fifth round of the 1997 Major League Baseball draft . Young signed with the Blue Jays , who traded him in 2000 with pitcher Darwin Cubillán to the Rangers for Esteban Loaiza while Young was still in their minor league system .
Professional career
Minor leagues ( 1997–2000 )
Young made his professional debut in 1997 with the St. Catharines Blue Jays in the New York–Penn League ( NY-Penn ) ( short-season A ) . Among his achievements in the NY-Penn League were a 16-game hitting streak , tying for fifth in the league with 48 RBIs , and tying for third in the league with 136 total bases . In 1998 , he spent the season with the Hagerstown Suns of the South Atlantic League . Playing second base , he led all players at his position in fielding percentage . 1999 would be an all-star season for Young . Playing for the Dunedin Blue Jays of the Florida State League , he earned spots on both the midseason and postseason all star teams by leading the league in doubles and finishing fourth in batting average and hits , .313 and 155 respectively . After the regular season , he played for the Rancho Cucamonga Surfers in the California Fall League . He split 2000 between Double-A and Triple-A and , on July 19 , was traded to the Rangers with Darwin Cubillán for Esteban Loaiza . The Rangers purchased his contract on September 27 and he played the final five games of the season in the majors making his debut as a pinch runner . Though he began 2001 in Triple-A , he was recalled to the majors on May 25 and did not return to the minors at all during the season .
Texas Rangers ( 2000–2012 )
Young reached the Majors briefly in 2000 , playing 2nd and getting two at-bats . He hit .249 in 106 games as a second baseman in 2001 . In 2002 , Young placed second in fielding among second basemen with a .988 fielding percentage . In 2003 , Young was 3rd in the league in hits with 204 , and led all second baseman with a batting average of .306 . Young had a fielding percentage of .987 .
After signing a new contract , Young moved to shortstop , filling the hole left by the departure of regular Ranger 's shortstop Alex Rodriguez in 2004 , to make room for newly acquired second baseman Alfonso Soriano . He was second in the American League in hits with 216 and at bats with 690 , fourth in runs with 114 , and ninth in batting with an average of .313 . He spent 89 games hitting in the leadoff spot , the last time in his career that he hit leadoff prior to 2013 .
Young won the AL batting title in 2005 with an average of .331 , and was first in MLB in hits with 221 . He was second in AL in at bats with 668 , and his 114 runs were fifth-best in the AL . Young also established a career-high in home runs with 24 . Young 's 91 RBIs placed him second among all shortstops in the AL .
On February 14 , 2006 , Young and Rangers teammate Mark Teixeira were selected to the United States roster for the 2006 World Baseball Classic .
At the conclusion of the 2006 MLB All-Star Game held at PNC Park in Pittsburgh , Young was awarded the Major League Baseball All-Star Game MVP Award after hitting a game-winning two-run triple in the ninth inning . Young led the American League in fielding percentage at shortstop with .981 . Young also played all 162 games of the 2006 season , had 217 hits and topped 100 RBI for the first time in his career .
In March 2007 , Young agreed to an $ 80 million contract extension that would have kept him with the Rangers until 2013 .
Young finished the 2007 season with a batting average of .315 , which led the Rangers and was 11th-highest in the AL . Young also led the Rangers with 94 RBIs and was second among all shortstops in the AL . Young was second on the team and tied a career high in stolen bases with 13 . Young 's 201 hits were 4th in the AL , and marked the 5th consecutive 200-hit season , joining Ichiro Suzuki and Wade Boggs as the only players to do so since 1940 and just the second middle infielder , along with Charlie Gehringer , to have accomplished that feat .
Young played in the longest All-Star game in history . He drove in the game-winning RBI at the 2008 MLB All-Star Game after four hours and 40 minutes of playing time . Also , in 2008 Young won the Gold Glove at shortstop for the American League .
In 2009 , Young moved to third base to make room for shortstop prospect Elvis Andrus . The Rangers did not consult Young on this , and he requested a trade . He subsequently rescinded the request . On April 19 , 2009 , Young hit his first career walk-off home run , off Royals pitcher Kyle Farnsworth . Young was voted on the AL 2009 All Star team by the players .
On June 16 , 2010 , Young hit a ground ball up the middle to collect his 1,748th career hit , and pass Iván Rodríguez to become the Rangers ' career leader in hits . On defense , in 2010 he tied for the AL lead in errors by a third baseman , with 19 , and had the lowest fielding percentage among them , at .950 .
During the 2010–11 offseason , Young said that the Rangers had `` misled and manipulated '' him and requested a trade . The Rangers , having acquired free agent third baseman Adrián Beltré , planned to have Young be the team 's primary designated hitter as well as a utility infielder , and see time at first base for the first time in his career . He was a 2011 American League All Star .
On August 7 , 2011 , Young hit an infield single against Josh Tomlin of the Cleveland Indians for his 2,000th career hit .
In 2011 , Young batted .338 ( 3rd in the American League ) with 11 home runs , primarily splitting his time between DH ( 69 games ) , third base ( 40 games ) , and first base ( 36 games ) . He tied with Adrián González for the AL lead in hits ( 213 ) , and was 5th in RBIs ( 106 ) and sacrifice flies ( 9 ) , 8th in on-base percentage ( .380 ) , and 10th in doubles ( 41 ) .
After Young struggled in the 2012 season , the Rangers asked Young if he desired a trade as they planned to cut his playing time for the 2013 season . Young did not request one , though the Rangers began to pursue a trade , and eventually traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies .
Since being traded in 2012 , the Rangers had not issued Young 's uniform number 10 to any player or coach . On June 18 , 2019 , the Rangers announced they would retire Young 's number 10 jersey in August .
Rangers career rankings
At the time of his departure from the team , Young leads the Rangers in several stat categories including games played ( 1774 ) , hits ( 2178 ) , doubles ( 406 ) , triples ( 55 ) , runs scored ( 1057 ) , at bats ( 7221 ) , strikeouts ( 1132 ) , extra-base hits ( 632 ) , and total bases ( 3210 ) . He was third all time in runs batted in ( RBIs ) with 962 and sixth all time in home runs with 172 . He also held several single-season records including most multi-hit games ( 70 in 2004 ) , most hits ( 221 in 2005 ) , doubles ( 52 in 2006 ) , and at bats and plate appearances in 2006 ( 691 and 748 respectively ) .
Philadelphia Phillies ( 2013 )
Young agreed to waive his no-trade clause and on December 9 , 2012 , was traded to the Phillies in exchange for pitcher Josh Lindblom and minor league pitcher Lisalverto Bonilla . The deal reunited him with former teammates Laynce Nix , Cliff Lee and Mike Adams . The Phillies were monitoring Young for some time prior to his acquisition . Their former Hall of Fame third baseman Mike Schmidt said , `` we got a Derek Jeter kind of player on our team all of a sudden ... He 's two or three Michael Young years away from being a Hall of Famer , first ballot maybe . '' Phillies general manager Rubén Amaro , Jr. and manager Charlie Manuel also were fond of Young and made him a target headed into the Winter Meetings . Once they agreed to a deal , Young had to approve it , which he did , later mentioning that he would only have done so to go to a winning team like the Phillies . The Phillies viewed Young as a stop-gap to get them to top prospect Cody Asche .
In 126 games with the Phillies , he hit .276 with 8 homers and 42 RBI . However , the Phillies did not turn out to be the `` winning team '' that Young had expected . On August 31 , the Phillies ' record stood at 62–74 , and they were games out of first place and 14 games out of the last available playoff spot . He was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers . Upon leaving Philadelphia , Young released a statement in which he thanked the Phillies and said that he `` had a blast '' playing in Philadelphia and that he would recommend it `` in a heartbeat '' to any other player . Phillies players , namely younger players such as Darin Ruf and Cody Asche , commented that they loved having a veteran like Young to whom they could look up and seek advice from . Ruf said , `` He was the type of guy to come up to a younger guy like myself or Cody and tell us a thing or two about what he thinks we need to do and how he thinks we could prolong our careers . He was just a great teammate to have around . ''
Los Angeles Dodgers ( 2013 )
On August 31 , 2013 , he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers for minor league pitcher Rob Rasmussen . In the last year of his contract , Young again waived his no-trade clause in order to join his hometown team for an expected playoff run . Young was acquired to be a backup infielder and provide a veteran presence on the team . Young made his Dodgers debut on September 1 , 2013 pinch hitting in a game against the Colorado Rockies . He appeared in 21 games for the Dodgers at a variety of positions and hit .314 .
After initially considering some offers as a free agent , Young chose to announce his retirement from baseball on January 31 , 2014 .
Career statistics
In 1970 games over 14 seasons , Young posted a .300 batting average ( 2375-for-7918 ) with 1137 runs , 441 doubles , 60 triples , 185 home runs , 1030 RBI , 90 stolen bases , 575 bases on balls , .346 on-base percentage and .441 slugging percentage . He finished his career with a .979 fielding percentage playing at all four infield positions . In 43 postseason games , he batted .238 ( 36-for-151 ) with 11 runs , 10 doubles , 3 home runs , 19 RBI and 5 walks .
Post-playing career
On November 5 , 2014 , Young was hired by the Texas Rangers as a special assistant to general manager Jon Daniels . He played a key role in the offseason acquisition of Ian Desmond in 2016 .
On July 30 , 2016 , Young was inducted into the Texas Rangers Baseball Hall of Fame in a pregame ceremony before the team 's matchup with the Kansas City Royals .
Young was eligible to be elected into the Hall of Fame in 2019 , but received less than 5 % of the vote and became ineligible for the 2020 ballot .
On August 31 , 2019 , the Texas Rangers retired Michael Young 's # 10 .
Personal life
Young 's mother is of Mexican descent . Young met his wife Cristina , also Mexican-American , while in high school . They have three sons named Mateo , Emilio , and Antonio respectively . Young is a cousin of former WBO Light Welterweight boxing champion Zack Padilla . Another of his cousins , Jason Young , also played minor league baseball .
Young is also a philanthropist . He and his wife are sponsors of the Wipe Out Kids ' Cancer campaign . In 2006 , Young began the Young Heroes Scholarship Program , and in 2010 , the Michael Young Family Hispanic Scholarship Program was established . In July 2011 , Young and his wife announced the launch of the Michael Young Family Foundation , a charity which supports the involvement of children 's health in all areas : physical social , mental , and educational . Young is represented by baseball agent Dan Lozano .
Young is a two-time winner of the Marvin Miller Man of the Year Award winning in 2008 and 2011 . He is one of only four players who have won multiple times ( John Smoltz , Jim Thome and Curtis Granderson ) . Young 's hobbies include billiards and golf .
See also
List of Major League Baseball batting champions
List of Major League Baseball hit records
List of Major League Baseball retired numbers
References
External links
Michael Young at SABR ( Baseball BioProject )
Michael Young at Baseball Almanac
1976 births
Living people
American baseball players of Mexican descent
American League All-Stars
American League batting champions
Baseball players from California
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Gold Glove Award winners
Grand Canyon Rafters players
Hagerstown Suns players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball All-Star Game MVPs
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball shortstops
Major League Baseball third basemen
Oklahoma RedHawks players
People from Covina , California
Philadelphia Phillies players
St. Catharines Stompers players
Tennessee Smokies players
Texas Rangers players
Tulsa Drillers players
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos baseball players
World Baseball Classic players of the United States
2006 World Baseball Classic players
Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks players
This is a list of cathedrals in the state of New York , United States :
See also
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
Mohácsi and its variation are Hungarian surname means `` from Mohács '' :
Ferenc Mohácsi ( born 1929 ) , a Hungarian flatwater canoer
Viktória Mohácsi ( born 1975 ) , a Hungarian Roma politician
Conspiracy of Silence is a British drama film set in Ireland and inspired by real events . The film challenges celibacy and its implication for the Catholic Church in the 21st century .
Written and directed by John Deery , the cast includes : Academy Award-winner Brenda Fricker , Hugh Bonneville , Chris O'Dowd , John Lynch , Jonathan Forbes , Jason Barry , Sean McGinley , Fintan McKeown , Jim Norton and Hugh Quarshie .
The movie won many international awards including the U.S. National Board of Review of Motion Pictures ' Freedom of Expression Award in 2004 , which it shared with Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 and Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ . Deery was also nominated for Best Film Director at the Irish Film Awards in 2003 . The screenplay was developed at the Sundance Screenwriters ' Lab in Utah and won the Hartley-Merrill International Screenwriting Award presented to Deery at the Cannes Film Festival in 2001 .
The film was invited to be shown at many film festivals in 2003 to be in Competition and/or Official Selection including : Taormina , Italy ( first public screening , June 2003 ) , Moscow International Film Festival , Opening Night film at the Galway Film Festival , Ireland , Montreal Film Festival , Hamburg Film Festival , Warsaw Film Festival where it won a Special Jury Award , Dinard Festival of British Cinema , France , and the American Film Institute ( AFI ) Festival in Los Angeles . It received an art house release in the United States but , so far , has not been released in the UK .
Plot
Father Sweeney ( Patrick Casey ) , a gay Catholic priest living with HIV , commits suicide . His death leads local investigative journalist David Foley ( Jason Barry ) to write a story that publicly identifies Sweeney as having HIV .
At the local seminary , two students near ordination are expelled because one , Daniel ( Jonathon Forbes ) was seen leaving the room of the other , Niall ( Paudge Behan ) . Niall is gay and Daniel is straight and they engaged in no sexual activity but were still expelled for the sake of appearances . Daniel returns home , where he is torn between his calling to the priesthood and his love for his ex-girlfriend Sinead ( Catherine Walker ) .
Daniel meets with Foley , who writes a follow-up article exposing a covered-up AIDS protest that Sweeney had staged at the Vatican three years earlier and Daniel 's dismissal . He also alleges that cardinals close to the Pope are engaged in sexual relationships and calls on the Church to re-examine its celibacy requirement for priests . The local bishop , Michael Quinn ( Jim Norton ) , pressures the editor of the local paper not to run the second story . The editor acquiesces but after reading the story sends it to the Irish Times , which prints it .
The next day the bishop , his aide , Foley and Daniel appear together in a live television debate . Before the broadcast , agents of the Church threaten to harm Foley 's family unless he retracts his story on the air . Bishop Quinn offers to reinstate Daniel if Daniel is willing to admit he has been wrong . On-air Foley capitulates but Daniel does not , asking the bishop if he himself practices celibacy . When the bishop refuses to answer , Father Sweeney 's partner , former priest Matthew Francis ( John Lynch ) confronts Quinn with Sweeney 's suicide note in which Sweeney discloses that Quinn and he had had an affair .
At film 's end , Daniel is back at home with Sinead .
Cast
Jonathan Forbes ... Daniel McLaughlin
Hugh Bonneville ... Fr . Jack Dowling
Brenda Fricker ... Annie McLaughlin
Seán McGinley ... Fr . Rector Cathal
Hugh Quarshie ... Fr . Joseph Ennis , S.J .
Jason Barry ... David Foley
Paudge Behan ... Niall
Sean Boru ... Father Murphy
Olivia Caffrey ... Liz Foley
Tommy Carey ... Sean
Padraig O'Loinsigh ( as Patrick Lynch ) ... Fr . Frank Sweeney
Carmel Cryan ... Mrs. McDermott
Catherine Cusack ... Mary McLaughlin
Patrick Doyle ... Senior Umpire # 1
Patrick Duggan ... Micky
Christopher Dunne ... Fr . Martin Hennessy
Jim Dunne ... Senior Umpire # 2
James Ellis ... Jim O'Brien
Anna Rose Fullen ... Martha
Jim Howlin ... Team Manager
Jason Kavanagh ... Liam
Sinead Keenan ... Majella
John Lynch ... Fr . Matthew Francis
Edward MacLiam ... Fitzpatrick
Owen McDonnell ... Noel
Fintan McKeown ... Monsignor Thomas
Kevin McMahon ... Donal
Brendan McNamara ... Declan
Justine Mitchell ... Assistant Floor Manager
Ciaran Murtagh ... Michael
Jim Norton ... Bishop Michael Quinn
Niall O'Brien ... John
Chris O'Dowd ... James
Aidan O'Hara ... Paul
Lillian Patton ... Molly
Sid Rainey ... Joe
Phil Roache ... Supporter
Fergal Spelman ... TV Director
Elaine Symons ... Marie
Harry Towb ... Father Doherty
Catherine Walker ... Sinead
Nuala Walsh ... Mrs. McGlynn
Release
The film got a limited US theatrical release in December 2004 , following its festival screenings .
2014 re-release
The film was re-launched at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2014 by a new US boutique sales company , Angel Grace Productions , headed by Michael Fister .
Reception
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website - Angel Grace Productions
2003 films
2003 drama films
2003 independent films
English-language Irish films
British independent films
Irish independent films
Films critical of the Catholic Church
British LGBT-related films
Irish LGBT-related films
Films about LGBT and Christianity
HIV/AIDS in British films
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
The 1962 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1962 NCAA University Division football season . In its fifth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy , the team compiled an 8–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 261 to 67 . Jerry Bell and Wayne Evans were the team captains . The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Russell Vollmer with 555 passing yards , fullback Dave Casinelli with 826 rushing yards and 66 points scored , and John Griffin with 220 receiving yards .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Stănișești is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of nine villages : Balotești , Belciuneasa , Benești , Crăiești , Gorghești , Slobozia , Slobozia Nouă , Stănișești and Văleni .
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Necropolis Chapel was built by the architect Henry Langley in 1872 in the Gothic Revival style . It is located at 200 Winchester Street , Toronto , in the Cabbagetown neighbourhood at the edge of the Don Valley . Its entrance is marked by masonry signage Toronto Crermatorium Chapel and massing of a pointed barrel vault that leads to the central part of the chapel . The latter has a simple gable roof , whose steep , pitched gables raise high to a sharp ridge . The square tower is placed on the east side of the plan , giving the edifice a picturesque , asymmetrical appearance that is tightly linked to the Gothic . This particularity shifts the center of gravity of the building , giving it an ascending diagonal axis . The steep slope of the roof along with the placement and configuration of the tower give the building a jagged , pointed contour . The dominant material used is yellow brick , with a stone entrance vault . The roof is covered with two different patterns of slates and is unique for its multicolored appearance . There are a number of High Gothic Revival style elements , which include rich wrought iron on fences , detailed trefoils carved on the stone facade , ridge cresting on the tower roof and finials . White sawn wood ornament decorates the eaves of the porch and the barge-boards of the steep gables of the lych-gate and the caretaker 's house ( living room , dining room , kitchen , front and back staircases and upper bedrooms ) . The basement crematorium has been decommissioned . Kept almost intact over time , the Necropolis Chapel , lych-gate , and caretaker 's cottage fit perfectly into their surrounding context , which is the heritage conservation district Cabbagetown .
References
Churches in Toronto
Gothic Revival church buildings in Canada
Chapels in Toronto
Elijah Wynder ( born March 10 , 2003 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for USL Championship side Louisville City FC .
Club career
Wynder signed a USL Academy contract with USL Championship side Louisville City on April 10 , 2019 . He made his professional debut though for the club on August 15 , 2020 , against Loudoun United . He came on as a 67th minute substitute for Corben Bone as Louisville City won 2–0 . A month after signing with the first team , Wynder suffered a season ending injury , missing the entire 2021 season .
Louisville loaned Wynder to FC Tucson on February 10 , 2022 , with the option to recall Wynder after June 1 , 2022 . On July 9 , Louisville announced that they would recall Wynder from his loan after 12 appearances for Tucson .
Personal life
Wynder is the older brother of Louisville City FC defender Joshua Wynder .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at the Louisville City website
2003 births
Living people
People from Kentucky
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Louisville City FC players
FC Tucson players
USL Championship players
USL League One player
Soccer players from Kentucky
Faunts is an electronic rock band , formed in 2000 Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , by Paul Arnusch and brothers Steven and Tim Batke . Faunts creates ambient music by arranging electronic beats with rock music , synthesizers , and drums . In 2009 the band was described as `` slow-motion shoegazers reborn as purveyors of luminous and deeply affecting electronic pop . ''
History
Faunts was formed in the fall of 2000 by musicians Paul Arnusch , Steven Batke , and Tim Batke . Their debut album , High Expectations/Low Results , was released in 2003 by Friendly Fire Recordings and was met with a positive reception .
In 2005 , the band began writing their first EP , M4 . Faunts desired to have their music crafted to accompany short films for the Film and Video Arts Society . Keyboardist Joel Hitchcock and mixer Rob Batke joined the band , and Dave Swanson and Nathan Seattler assisted with writing the album 's lyrics . M4 released in 2006 and achieved notoriety when the song `` M4 , Pt . II '' was featured in the final credits of BioWare 's 2007 video game Mass Effect . This raised the band 's profile and `` a sizeable new audience was exposed to Faunts ' moody , subdued melodies . ''
On November 18 , 2008 , Faunts released a remix album titled Faunts Remixed , featuring remixes by acts such as Mark Templeton and DVAS .
This was followed by their second full studio album , Feel.Love.Thinking.Of ,
which was released on February 17 , 2009 and is the result of songwriting over the course of touring across America . The song `` Das Malefitz '' was featured during the final credits of Mass Effect 3 .
On November 17 , 2012 the band released `` Left Here Alone '' , described by a press release as `` an offering of a handful of unreleased yet essential songs that fill in the empty spaces between High Expectations/Low Results and M4 in Faunts ' evolutionary map . Listening to this record is like traveling through the band 's back catalogue . ''
Between Feel.Love.Thinking.Of and Ostalgia , Tim Batke formed the band Duplekita with fourteen friends from other bands , and Rob Batke left Faunts indefinitely to pursue a solo career under the pseudonym Artisan Loyalist .
On February 12 , 2016 Faunts announced the upcoming release of Ostalgia , `` a five-volume compilation of new music . '' Volume 1 , released August 12 , 2016 , is a five-part song titled `` Thirty-Three , '' the sound of which hearkens back to the band 's early work while exploring new musical territory . On September 9 , 2017 , Faunts announced on their Facebook page they were `` Busy working on Volume 2 and are planning to release a new single soon . ''
On August 27 2019 , the band released a new single titled `` There Will Be Blood ''
Members
Current
Steven Batke - vocals , guitar
Tim Batke - vocals , guitar , keyboard
Paul Arnusch - drums
Former
Joel Hitchcock - keyboard
Rob Batke - keyboard , laptop
Scott Gallant - bass
Discography
Studio albums
High Expectations/Low Results ( October 18 , 2005 )
Feel.Love.Thinking.Of ( February 17 , 2009 )
EPs
M4 ( December 11 , 2007 )
Left Here Alone ( November 17 , 2012 )
Ostalgia , Volume 1 ( August 12 , 2016 )
Remix albums
Remixed ( November 18 , 2008 )
See also
Music of Canada
Canadian rock
List of Canadian musicians
List of bands from Canada
References
External links
Faunts ' Bandcamp page
Band bio from Kinsella Recordings
Band bio from Friendly Fire Recordings
There Will Be Blood Song Page
Canadian indie rock groups
Canadian experimental musical groups
Canadian post-rock groups
Dream pop musical groups
Musical groups established in 2000
Musical groups from Edmonton
Post-punk revival music groups
2000 establishments in Alberta
I 'm Your Pusher may refer to :
I 'm Your Pusher ( Ice-T song )
I 'm Your Pusher ( Scooter song )
`` I 'm Your Pusher '' ( The Boys Presents : Diabolical episode )
George Petrovich Bakhmeteff ( Russian : Георгий Петрович Бахметев ; 1847 – 29 August 1928 ) was the last tsarist Russian Ambassador to the United States . He served in office between the years 1911 and 1917 .
Origins
He was a career diplomat who descended from a Tatar noble family which had converted from Islam to the Russian Orthodox faith . Generations of the Bakhmeteff nobility had served under the Czars within the military and civil service . Previous to his service for Russia in Washington he had served as the Russian Ambassador to Japan .
Personal life
He was married to Mary Beale , the daughter of a popular Washington social couple Ambassador and Mrs. Edward Fitzgerald Beale . The Beales were the owners of Decatur House in Washington and Tejon Ranch . His brother in law was American Ambassador to the Balkans Truxtun Beale . His sister in law was Emily Beale McLean who was married to John Roll McLean publisher of the Washington Post . George Bakhmeteff was succeeded as ambassador by another Bakhmeteff ; Boris Bakhmeteff who was not closely related .
He died on 29 August 1928 in Paris .
References
External links
Marin County Historic Sites : Beale Mansion , San Rafael
New York Times : Newport Social Season Report 1915
Ambassadors of the Russian Empire to Bulgaria
Ambassadors of the Russian Empire to the United States
Ambassadors of the Russian Empire to Japan
1847 births
1928 deaths
Aurachtal is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt , in Bavaria , Germany .
Personalities
Johann Jakob Palm ( 1750–1826 ) , died in Münchaurach , German book dealer
Michael Kreß ( 1843–1929 ) , Franconian farmer born in Falkendorf , mayor and popular poet
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Kamardhand is a village in Kohat District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
References
Populated places in Kohat District
Garna ( , also Romanized as Garnā ; also known as Gaznā ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 67 , in 21 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Pterostylis hians , commonly known as the opera house greenhood , is a species of orchid endemic to New South Wales . Non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves flats on the ground but flowering plants have a single shiny white and green flower . This greenhood is only known from a single location near Ulladulla .
Description
Pterostylis hians is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber and when not flowering , a rosette of dark green , more or less round leaves , each leaf long and wide . Flowering plants have a single bright green and white flower long and wide on a stem tall . The dorsal sepal and petals are fused , forming a hood or `` galea '' over the column and the dorsal sepal has a short , sharply pointed tip . The lateral sepals are held closely against the galea , have erect thread-like tips long and a protruding , platform-like sinus between their bases . The labellum is about long and wide , just visible above the sinus . Flowering occurs from March to May .
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis hians was first formally described in 1997 by David Jones from a specimen collected near Manyana and the description was published in The Orchadian . The specific epithet ( hians ) is a Latin word meaning `` gaping '' or `` yawning '' .
Distribution and habitat
The opera house greenhood grows in shrubby forest in a small area near Ulladulla .
References
hians
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 1997
Floyd Breeland ( August 5 , 1933 – August 11 , 2020 ) was an American politician who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from the 111th district from 1992 to 2008 . Breeland was born in St. George , South Carolina and served in the United States Army . He received his bachelor 's degree from Allen University and his master 's degree from Indiana University . He was a high school teacher and principal .
He died on August 11 , 2020 , in Charleston , South Carolina at age 87 .
References
1933 births
2020 deaths
People from St. George , South Carolina
Military personnel from South Carolina
Allen University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Schoolteachers from South Carolina
Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
South Carolina Democrats
Metallitotuus ( ) is the debut album by Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni .
Track listing
Teräsbetoni – 5:54 ( 'Reinforced Concrete ' . The might and superiority of the Brotherhood . )
Älä kerro meille – 3:29 ( 'Do n't Tell Us ' . The resolve and bloody life of the Brotherhood . )
Taivas lyö tulta – 3:21 ( 'Sky Strikes Fire ' . Praise of the Brotherhood ; exuberant almost to the point of incoherence . )
Vahva kuin metalli – 3:02 ( 'Strong as Metal ' . The resolve , bloody life and divine favor of the Brotherhood . )
Silmä silmästä – 3:41 ( 'Eye for an Eye ' . Betrayal and vengeance . )
Metallisydän – 5:27 ( 'Metal Heart ' . The solitude and resolve of a lone warrior . )
Orjatar – 3:11 ( 'Slavewoman ' . The pleasure slave of a warrior . )
Tuonelaan – 3:33 ( 'To the Underworld ' . Assassination and post-mortem vengeance . )
Metallitotuus – 4:30 ( 'Metal Truth ' . The values and conquests of the Brotherhood . )
Voittamaton – 3:50 ( 'Invincible ' . The might and perseverance of the Brotherhood . )
Teräksen varjo – 4:32 ( 'Shadow of Steel ' . Riding into battle . )
Maljanne nostakaa – 6:05 ( 'Raise Your Cup ' . Rest and reflection after a battle . )
Personnel
Jarkko Ahola - lead vocals , bass
Arto Järvinen - guitar , vocals
Viljo Rantanen - guitar
Jari Kuokkanen - drums
2005 debut albums
Teräsbetoni albums
Alaa Hussein ( Arabic : ) , ( born 10 January 1980 ) is an Iraqi actress , and visual artist . She is best known for her roles on the comedic show `` Zaraq Waraq '' , which aired on Al-Sharqiyah since 2014 .
Early life
Hussein was born in Baghdad , She attended the University of Baghdad and received a bachelor 's degree of Fine arts BFA , in 2005 .
Filmography
|
|-
|2019 - present
| Hamed Helou
|Various
| }
References
External links
on elcinema.com
Iraqi actresses
Iraqi actors
Iraqi film actresses
Iraqi television actresses
1980 births
21st-century Iraqi actresses
Living people
University of Baghdad alumni
People from Baghdad
The Massacre of Ayyadieh occurred during the Third Crusade after the fall of Acre when King Richard I had more than two thousand Muslim prisoners of war from the captured city were beheaded in front of the Ayyubid armies of sultan Saladin on 20 August 1191 . Despite attacks by Muslim forces during the killings , the Christian Crusaders were able to retire in good order . Saladin subsequently ordered various Crusader prisoners of war to be executed in retaliation .
Contemporary sources
The most important sources written during or shortly after the events are :
The al-Nawādir al-Sultaniyya wa ' l-Maḥāsin al-Yūsufiyya ( `` Sultany Anecdotes and Josephly Virtues '' , in 2001 translated by D. S. Richards as The Rare and Excellent History of Saladin ) , an Arabic biography of Saladin written by the Kurdish chronicler Baha ad-Din ibn Shaddad who served in Saladin 's camp and was an eyewitness
The Itinerarium Peregrinorum et Gesta Regis Ricardi ( `` Account of the Crusade and the Deeds of King Richard '' ) , a Latin book written in the early 1220s by the English canon Richard de Templo , who may or may not have participated in the Third Crusade himself
The Crusade and Death of Richard I , a mid-13th-century Anglo-Norman anonymous chronicle based on the earlier writings of Roger of Howden , Roger of Wendover and Matthew Paris . ( The original text had no title ; the title 'The Crusade and Death of Richard I ' was assigned to it by British historian Ronald Carlyle Johnston in 1961 when he translated it to modern English )
Sébastien Mamerot mentions the massacre briefly at the beginning of Chapter LXVI of his chronicle of the crusades , Passages d'outremer , with the number of deaths being estimated at 5000 souls . There is no mention of non-combatants .
Massacre
After the fall of Acre , Richard I wanted to exchange a large number of Muslim prisoners from the city for the True Cross , 100,000 gold pieces and 1600 Christians held captive by Saladin . A deal was struck and a deadline set for Saladin to fulfill his part of the deal .
Distrust between the two leaders developed and a breakdown of negotiations ensued , each side demanding that their opponent 's hostages be released first . After the agreed time limit for the Saracens to hand over the cross had expired , Richard , increasingly under the impression that Saladin was stalling , decided to have his hostages publicly executed . On 16 August Richard ordered that all the prisoners from Acre should be taken to a small hill called Ayyadieh . There in full view of the Ayyubid army and Saladin 's own field headquarters , around 3000 soldiers , men , women , and children from the city ( according to Muslim sources ) were put to the sword .
The massacre was controversial for contemporary Christian sources . The Itinerarium Peregrinorum estimated that 2700 Turkish hostages were killed , but do not mention any non-combatants that were present . Christian sources at the time take care to mention the strategic burden of the hostages as well as the transgressions of Saladin before the massacre was ordered . Baha ad-Din indicates that even many of the crusaders disapproved of Richard 's actions and could n't understand why Richard ordered the executions .
Parts of the Ayyubid army became so enraged by the killings that they attempted to charge the Crusader lines but were repeatedly beaten back , allowing Richard I and his forces to retire in good order .
Counter-massacre
Any hope of regaining the True Cross disappeared after Ayyadieh ; it was rumored that Saladin sent it to Damascus . By his orders the 1600 Christian prisoners were executed in Damascus . According to American historian John J. Robinson ( 1992 ) : 'As news of the slaughter spread throughout Saladin 's empire , Christian prisoners everywhere were tortured and murdered in reprisal for their infamy . ' In A History of the Crusades . Volume III ( 1954 ) , English historian Steven Runciman noted that between 22 and 30 August , as Richard 's army marched from Acre past Haifa to Jaffa , Saracen light horsemen carried out various assaults on the crusaders and took several prisoners 'who were taken to Saladin , cross-questioned and then slain , in vengeance for the massacre at Acre . Only the washerwomen were spared . '
Studying Saladin 's overall attitude towards prisoners of war , Gervers & Powell ( 2001 ) stated that , 'in spite of his reputation for magnanimity , Saladin 's treatment of prisoners of war was quite callous . ' They noted that Saladin was generous towards conquered populations and captured crusader commanders as long as he was achieving victories , but when he did not , or even suffered defeats , 'Saladin 's behavior toward prisoners was savage , and they were quite systematically put to death . ' Although scholars of Islamic law justified execution of prisoners under certain conditions , contemporary Islamic historians were divided on the moral acceptability of Saladin 's killing of captives . During earlier campaigns in 1177–1179 , Saladin had various captured Crusader soldiers and Christian civilians executed at different instances . When he conquered Jerusalem in 1187 , however , Saladin released most Christian prisoners for ransoms . After the 1191 loss of Acre and Ayyadieh massacre , Saladin was again frustrated by his military setbacks and also desired vengeance , leading to another spike in prisoner executions .
Notes
References
Bibliography
Battles of the Third Crusade
Massacres in Asia
Crusades
Conflicts in 1191
Persecution of Muslims by Christians
Richard I of England
1191 in Asia
Saladin
Monte Antico railway station is an Italian railway station on the Siena-Grosseto railway line in Southern Tuscany .
History
From 1872 to 1927 it was an intermediate station on the original Siena-Grosseto line via Asciano , and from 1927 it has served as a junction for this line and its quicker connection via Buonconvento . The original line via Torrenieri to Asciano closed to regular passenger services in 1994 , and since 1996 has served tourist trains . The original line and station were constructed by the Società per le Strade Ferrate Romane . Since 1955 both lines and the station have been operated by FS and recently by its subsidiary Trenitalia that runs the trains . From 1966 to 1980 both lines were closed due to extreme damage caused by floods , during which the line was upgraded and modernised .
Train services and movements
Regular passenger services to the station are regionale services , which run daily to Grosseto and Siena and in early mornings and evenings to Empoli and Florence . The station is served by Treno Natura steam or diesel historical trains that run occasionally for tourists .
Gallery
See also
History of rail transport in Italy
List of railway stations in Tuscany
Rail transport in Italy
Railway stations in Italy
References
Railway stations in Tuscany
1872 establishments in Italy
Civitella Paganico
Duane Steele is a Canadian country music artist . He has released five studio albums and one greatest hits album , and has charted multiple singles on the Canadian country singles charts , including the Number One hit `` Anita Got Married '' in 1996 . A new album entitled `` Drive On '' was released in 2019 .
Biography
Duane Steele 's career began when he became the lead singer of the band Rock 'N ' Horse in 1984 . The band released one album , Highways , in 1991 , and the song `` Real Good Love '' reached No . 69 on the Canadian country singles chart . However , members of the band went their separate ways in 1993 .
Steele moved to Nashville and signed a publishing contract with Warner-Chappell . He scored a record deal with Mercury Records in 1995 after a performance during Canadian Country Music Week . The following year , he released his debut solo album , P.O . Box 423 . The first four singles from the project all reached the top 10 on the Canadian country chart , including `` Anita Got Married , '' which became Steele 's first No . 1 song . He was nominated for the Vista Rising Star Award by the Canadian Country Music Association ( CCMA ) in 1996 , but lost to Terri Clark . He also received a nomination for Male Vocalist of the Year . In 1997 , the Juno Awards nominated Steele for Best Country Male Vocalist , and also the all-genre Best New Solo Artist . He won his first award , Vocal Event of the Year , at the 1997 CCMA Awards for his duet with Lisa Brokop , `` Two Names On An Overpass . ''
Steele 's second album , This Is the Life , was released in September 1997 . The disc included a cover of Gordon Lightfoot 's `` If You Could Read My Mind . '' The first two singles , `` Tell The Girl '' and `` If I Could Just Get To You , '' both reached the Canadian top 10 . Steele was again nominated for Male Vocalist of the Year in 1998 at both the CCMA Awards and the Juno Awards . When subsequent singles failed to reach the top 30 , Steele and Mercury parted ways .
Steele moved back to Canada in 1999 and began writing for his third album . I 'll Be Alright was released in August 2000 on Steele 's own Jolt Records and distributed by Royalty Records . Seven singles were released from the project , including `` The Good Side Of Your Goodbye , '' `` This Is Love , '' `` I-65 '' and `` The Heart Of It Does n't Matter . '' In 2001 , the CCMA named Steele Independent Male Artist of the Year .
Steele released the greatest hits album , Set List , in 2004 . The album collected seventeen of Steele 's biggest hits , along with three new songs . Steele 's fourth studio album , Ghost Town , was released in 2006 on Icon Records . It was followed by Gas and Time , released in 2010 on Jolt . A new album entitled `` Drive On '' will be released in 2019 .
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Singles
1990s
2000s and 2010s
Featured singles
Music videos
Awards
Canadian Country Music Awards
1997 – Vocal Collaboration of the Year ( `` Two Names On An Overpass '' with Lisa Brokop )
2001 – Independent Male Artist of the Year
References
External links
Duane Steele
Living people
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The 2011–12 Cruz Azul season is the 65th professional season of Mexico 's top-flight football league . The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams . Cruz Azul will begin their season on July 23 , 2011 . Cruz Azul will play their homes games on Saturdays at 17:00 hours local time .
Club
Personnel
Coaching staff
Current Kit
Provider : Umbro .
Sponsors : Cemento Cruz Azul , Coca-Cola , Telcel , Tecate , Volaris .
Current squad
As of January 2011 : Listed on the official website of Cruz Azul .
From youth system
Transfers
Summer
In and Loan
Out and Loan
Winter
In and Loan
Out and Loan
Competitions
Cruz Azul play three different tournaments in the 2011-12 season are Apertura 2011 , Clausura 2012 and Copa Libertadores .
Overall
Results by opponent ( league )
Source : Cruz Azul Matches at soccerway.com 2011–12 Primera División de México season article
Competitions statistics
Torneo Apertura 2011
Kickoff times are in CTZ or CST=UTC−06:00 and DST=UTC−05:00 .
Pre-Season Summer 2011
Friendly during the season
Regular phase
General table
Final phase
Quarter-finals
Morelia won 2-4 in aggregate .
Torneo Clausura 2012
Kickoff times are in CTZ or CST=UTC−06:00 and DST=UTC−05:00 .
Pre-Season Winter 2011
Regular phase
Classification table
General table
Copa Libertadores
Kickoff times are in CTZ or CST=UTC−06:00 and DST=UTC−05:00 .
Second stage
Group stage
Classification table
Group table
Knockout stages
Round of 16
Libertad won on points 4–1 .
Squad statistics
Start formations
Starting XI
| -- -- -
! style= '' background : # C0C0C0 ; color : white '' colspan= '' 6 '' | 11 starters
| -- -- -
| -- -- -
! style= '' background : # C0C0C0 ; color : white '' colspan= '' 6 '' | Other starters
| -- -- -
Apps , Goals and Discipline
League = Apertura 2011 & Clausura 2012
Cup = Copa Libertadores
Playoffs = Final Phase of the Apertura 2011 & Clausura 2012
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |GK||align= '' left '' |
|24||-26||6||-3||2||-4||32||-35||4||0|| ( - ) means goals conceded
|-
|align= '' left '' |12||align= '' left '' |GK||align= '' left '' |Guillermo Allison
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0|| ( - ) means goals conceded
|-
|align= '' left '' |20||align= '' left '' |GK||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0|| ( - ) means goals conceded
|-
|align= '' left '' |25||align= '' left '' |GK||align= '' left '' |
|10||-9||||-2||0||0||||-11||0||0|| ( - ) means goals conceded
|-
|align= '' left '' |61||align= '' left '' |GK||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0|| ( - ) means goals conceded
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|29||0||2||0||1||0||32||0||8||2||
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|14||0||0||0||0||0||14||0||4||0|| Injured .
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||reinforcement only for the cup .
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|27||0||1||0||2||0||30||0||1||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |14||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|22||0||4||0||2||0||28||0||4||1||
|-
|align= '' left '' |15||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|||2||5||0||||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||2||2||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |16||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|||2||6||0||2||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||2||5||1||
|-
|align= '' left '' |17||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|2||0||||0||0||0||||0||1||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |22||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|||2||6||1||1||0||||3||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |64||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |104||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |Francisco Flores
|||0||||0||0||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||0||1||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' | -- ||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||reinforcement only for the cup .
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|||0||1||0||2||0||||0||5||1|| Injured .
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|||2||||0||2||0||||2||5||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|34||1||7||0||1||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |42 * ||1||4||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |10||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|||6||||1||2||0||||7||9||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |18||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|||0||||1||0||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||1||2||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |21||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|||0||||0||1||0||||0||4||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |23||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||reinforcement only for the cup .
|-
|align= '' left '' |24||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |70||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |73||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |106||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |
|0||0||||0||0||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|||8||||2||||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||10||1||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |11||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|||1||||0||||1||||2||2||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |19||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|17||3||||1||0||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' | * ||4||1||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |27||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|||6||5||5||2||1||||12||2||1||
|-
|align= '' left '' |30||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|||14||||1||2||0||||15||4||2||
|-
|align= '' left '' |90||align= '' left '' |FW||align= '' left '' |
|||0||0||0||0||0||style= '' background : # 98FB98 '' |||0||0||0||
|-
|align= '' left '' |bye||align= '' left '' |DF||align= '' left '' |¤
|||0||||||||0||||0||2||0||loan to Estudiantes Tecos .
|-
|align= '' left '' |bye||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |¤
|||0||||||0||0||||0||0||0||loan to Neza FC .
|-
|align= '' left '' |bye||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |†
|||1||||||0||0||||1||2||0||out to San Luis .
|-
|align= '' left '' |bye||align= '' left '' |MF||align= '' left '' |†
|||0||||||||0||||0||0||0||loan to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors .
| }
Overall statistics team
{ |class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ; ''
|-
! style= '' background : # 6050DC ; color : white '' |
! style= '' background : # 6050DC ; color : white '' |Total
! style= '' background : # 6050DC ; color : white '' | Home
! style= '' background : # 6050DC ; color : white '' | Away
|-
|align=left| Games played || 43 || 22 || 21
|-
|align=left| Games won || 17 || 11 || 6
|-
|align=left| Games drawn || 15 || 7 || 8
|-
|align=left| Games lost || 11 || 4 || 7
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Apertura ) || 2-0 vs. Puebla,0-2 vs. Estudiantes,3-1 vs. América || 2-0 vs. Puebla,3-1 vs. America || 0-2 vs. Estudiantes
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Clausura ) || 0-3 vs. Toluca and 5-2 vs. Estudiantes || 5-2 vs. Estudiantes || 0-3 vs. Toluca
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Libertadores ) || 4-0 vs. Deportivo Táchira || 4-0 vs. Deportivo Táchira || 1-2 vs. Nacional ( PAR )
|-
|align=left| Biggest lose ( Apertura ) || 1-0 vs. Pachuca,0-1 , 2-1 and 1-2 vs. Morelia,1-0 vs. Santos Laguna,1-0 vs. Querétaro || 0-1 and 1-2 vs. Morelia || 1-0 vs. Pachuca,1-0 vs. Santos Laguna,1-0 vs. Querétaro,2-1 vs. Morelia
|-
|align=left| Biggest lose ( Clausura ) || 2-0 vs. Morelia || 0-1 vs. Santos Laguna , 1-2 vs. Querétaro || 2-0 vs. Morelia
|-
|align=left| Biggest lose ( Libertadores ) || 1-0 vs. Corinthians || || 1-0 vs. Corinthians
|-
|align=left| Goals scored || 64 || 40 || 24
|-
|align=left| Goals conceded || 44 || 22 || 22
|-
|align=left| Goal difference || +20 || +18 || +2
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || ||
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || ||
|-
|align=left| Most Game Started || 42 || colspan=2| Israel Castro
|-
|align=left| Most appearances || 42 || colspan=2| Israel Castro
|-
|align=left| Top scorer || 15 || colspan=2| Emanuel Villa
|-
|align=left| Points || 66/129 ( % ) || 39/66 ( % ) || 26/63 ( % )
|-
|align=left| Winning rate || 17/43 ( % ) || 11/22 ( % ) || 6/21 ( % )
|-
Goalscorers
Goal minutes
Updated to games played on 2 May .
Results
Apertura 2011
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2012
Results summary
Results by round
Copa Libertadores
Results summary
Results by round
IFFHS Ranking
Cruz Azul position on the Club World Ranking during the 2011-12 season , according to IFFHS .
References
External links
Cruz Azul
Cruz Azul
2011–12 Primera División de México season
Eric Goldman ( born April 15 , 1968 ) is a law professor at Santa Clara University School of Law . He also co-directs the law school 's High Tech Law Institute and co-supervises the law school 's Privacy Law Certificate .
Career overview
Goldman is a leading expert in the fields of Internet Law and Intellectual Property . He was part of the first wave of teaching Internet Law courses in law schools , having taught his first course in 1995–96 . He has testified before Congress on the Consumer Review Fairness Act , Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act ( SESTA ) , and Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act ( FOSTA ) . In a well-publicized December 2005 post to his Technology & Marketing Law Blog , Goldman incorrectly predicted Wikipedia 's demise in five years . Goldman has co-authored ( with Rebecca Tushnet of Harvard Law ) the first Advertising & Marketing Law casebook for the law school community .
He has been shortlisted as an `` IP Thought Leader '' by Managing IP magazine and named an `` IP Vanguard '' by the California State Bar 's Intellectual Property section .
Goldman publishes the Technology & Marketing Law Blog , which covers Internet Law , Intellectual Property , and Advertising Law . The blog has received several awards , including being named to the ABA Journal '' 's Blawg 100 Hall of Fame .
Some of Goldman 's other projects include DoctoredReviews.com , a website designed to combat doctors ' efforts to suppress patients ' reviews ; serving on the board of directors of the Public Participation Project , a group lobbying for federal anti-SLAPP legislation ; providing copyright advice to Justin.tv ; and coauthoring an amicus brief in the 1-800 Contacts , Inc. v. WhenU.com , Inc. case with the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Before he joined the faculty at Santa Clara University , he was an assistant professor at Marquette University Law School , General Counsel of Epinions.com , and a technology transactions attorney at Cooley Godward .
Scholarship
Select publications
.
.
.
.
.
BooksAdvertising & Marketing Law : Cases and Materials ( 2nd Edition , 2014 ; 3rd Edition , 2016 ; 4th Edition , 2018 ) co-authored with Rebecca Tushnet ( the first casebook on this topic ) INTERNET LAW : CASES & MATERIALS ( 2014 ; 2015 ; 2016 ; 2017 ; 2018 ; 2019 editions ) Find Kitty Nala ( co-authored with Lisa Goldman ) ( 2016 )
Awards and professional recognition
2005 Marquis Who 's Who in American Education
2005 Marquis Who 's Who in American Law
2009-2016 He was named to the ABA Journal 's Blawg 100 and inducted into the ABA Journal 's “ Blawg 100 Hall of Fame ” in 2016
2011 IP Vanguard Award for academics/public policy , awarded by the IP Section of the California State Bar
2012 and 2013 He was named to a shortlist of North American “ IP Thought Leaders , ” Managing Intellectual Property magazine .
2013-2017 He was named one of the `` 20 Most-Cited Intellectual Property & Cyberlaw Scholars in the U.S. for the period 2013-2017 '' and “ 20 Most-Cited Intellectual Property & Cyberlaw Faculty , 2010-2014 ( inclusive ) ” ( as ranked by Brian Leiter )
2015 He was named as one of the Fastcase 50 `` Eric Goldman Named one of 2015 's Fastcase 50 '' Santa Clara University School of Law : Faculty News
2018 World Technology Awards , Law Division Finalist ( one of six in the world )
2019 His casebook INTERNET LAW : CASES & MATERIALS '' was named as one of the `` 100 Best Intellectual Property Books of All Time '' and `` 100 Best Privacy Books of All Time , '' 2019
2019 He received the Santa Clara University Award for Sustained Excellence in Scholarship
References
External links
Eric Goldman 's blog
Living people
American legal scholars
Santa Clara University School of Law faculty
People from Madison , Wisconsin
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
Copyright scholars
1968 births
Luigi Biscardi ( 13 September 1928 – 2 June 2019 ) was an Italian politician who served as a Senator .
Born in Larino , he lived in Campobasso , where he was for years the principal of the `` Mario Pagano '' Classical Lyceum . In the political sphere he was mayor of Larino from 1956 to 1960 and senator of the Republic first in the ranks of the mixed group and then of the Democrats of the Left from 1992 to 2001 . He was the older brother of the famous sports journalist Aldo Biscardi .
He died on the morning of June 2 , 2019 at the age of 90 .
References
1928 births
2019 deaths
Democrats of the Left politicians
People from Campobasso
Madre ( Mother ) Pascalina Lehnert ( 25 August 1894 – 13 November 1983 ) , born Josefina Lehnert , was a German Roman Catholic sister who served as Pope Pius XII 's housekeeper and secretary from his period as Apostolic Nuncio to Bavaria in 1917 until his death as pope in 1958 . She managed the papal charity office for Pius XII from 1944 until the pontiff 's death in 1958 . She was a Sister of the Holy Cross , Menzingen order .
Early career
`` Madre Pascalina '' , as she was called , led Eugenio Pacelli 's household in the nunciature in Munich , Bavaria , from 1917 to 1925 and in the nunciature to Germany and Prussia in Berlin from 1925 to 1929 , where Nuncio Pacelli was Dean of the Diplomatic Corps . There she became known for organizing the Pacelli parties , `` which were auspicious , tastefully sprinkling glitter with the strictest European etiquette . ... The nunciature was soon a major center of Germany 's social and official worlds . Streams of aristocrats , including President Paul von Hindenburg ( one of Germany 's Field Marshals during World War I ) were frequent callers , blending with students and workers , anyone whom Pacelli , the shrewdest of diplomats , chose to smile upon . ''
Pacelli was recalled to Rome in 1929 to become Cardinal Secretary of State . Madre Pascalina soon resided as housekeeper with two other sisters in the Vatican and were the only women inside the Papal conclave , which , on 2 March 1939 , elected Pacelli to become the successor of Pope Pius XI .
Papacy of Pius XII
Papal Charities
Pius XII responded to Madre Pascalina in the aftermath of the war by organizing a two-tier papal charity . Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza . Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship . To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the Magazzino , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 . `` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity . ''
By Christmas 1944 , housing had been provided at the Papal Palace of Castel Gandolfo , a papal residence in Castel Gandolfo , for 15,000 refugees from the invading Nazi forces . Inside the Vatican , Mother Pascalina was in charge of housing , clothing and food for as many Jewish refugees as the walls could hold . By the end of the war , no less than 200,000 Jews had been sheltered and fed inside the Holy City under her supervision . In addition to this , 12,000 packages were delivered to the children of Rome alone , many of which were handed out by Pope Pius XII himself . Lehnert organized truck caravans filled with medicine , clothing , shoes and food to prison camps and hospitals , provided first aid , food and shelter for bomb victims , fed the hungry population of Rome , answered emergency calls to the Pope for aid , and sent care packages to France , Poland , Czechoslovakia , Germany and Austria and other countries .
After the war , the calls for papal help continued in war-torn Europe : Madre Pascalina organized emergency aid to displaced persons , prisoners of war , victims of floods , and many victims of the war . She distributed also hundreds of religious items to needy priests . In later years , priests with very large parishes received small cars or motorbikes . The Pope would ask bishops from the United States , Argentina , Brazil , Switzerland , Canada , Mexico , and other countries for help .
Planned Second Vatican Council
According to Father Charles T. Murr , Pascalina lamented that Pius XII had not called the Second Vatican Council as he had been planning to do for many years . Pascalina stated that Pius XII had planned for the council to offer an unequivocal condemnation of communism . Murr states that Pascalina was unhappy with the final results of the council , but she did not reject it .
Later life
After the election of Pope John XXIII , she seemed to be in agreement with the opinion of Konrad Adenauer who told her that “ We have a clown sitting on the throne of Saint Peter ! ” . When Pope Paul VI took office , Pascalina initially remained silent on him out of respect , but later described him as `` weak '' and `` disappointing '' . She also believed the accusations that Annibale Bugnini was a freemason . After the election of Pope John Paul II , she was highly pleased , having better hopes for him than his two immediate predecessors .
In recognition of her achievements , John XXIII awarded Mother Pascalina the papal honor Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice .
Autobiography
Madre Pascalina wrote her autobiography in 1959 . Church authorities permitted its publication only in 1982 . In some 200 pages she describes the human qualities and sense of humor of Eugenio Pacelli ( Pope Pius XII ) , whom she served for 41 years . It also describes historical events such the papal conclave of 1939 , occurrences during World War II , the consistory of 1946 , beatifications , the Holy Year 1950 , and the illness and death of the pope . Madre Pascalina also published several articles , in which she described the daily life and routine of the pontiff .
Honors
In 1958 Madre Pascalina was awarded the Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice ( For the Church and the Pope ) medal by Pope John XXIII . In 1969 she received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany ( Bundesverdienstkreuz ) from West Germany and in 1980 the Bavarian Order of Merit . In 1981 , the Austrian President awarded her the Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria ( Goldenes Ehrenzeichen für Verdienste um die Republik Österreich ) .
Death
Madre Pascalina died from a cerebral hemorrhage in Vienna , aged 89 , in 1983 . She is buried at the Vatican Camposanto ( cemetery ) . Several bishops and cardinals , among them Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , also Bavarian , attended her funeral .
Works
Lehnert , Pascalina . Ich durfte Ihm Dienen , Erinnerungen an Papst Pius XII . Naumann , Würzburg , 1986
Lehnert , Pascalina ; Susan Johnson ( transl. ) . His Humble Servant : Sister M. Pascalina Lehnert 's Memoirs of Her Years of Service to Eugenio Pacelli , Pope Pius XII . Saint Augustine 's Press , South Bend . February 2014. . ( first English translation )
Sources
Lehnert , Pascalina . Ich durfte Ihm Dienen , Erinnerungen an Papst Pius XII . Naumann , Würzburg , 1986
Lehnert , P. Brief ( Letter of Madre Pascalina ) , Archiv Institut Menzingen , 1 February 1944
Lehnert , P. Brief ( Letter of Madre Pascalina ) , Archiv Institut Menzingen , 16 February 1944
Lehnert , P. Brief ( Letter of Madre Pascalina ) , Archiv Institut Menzingen , 7 April 1944
Lehnert , P. Brief ( Letter of Madre Pascalina ) , Archiv Institut Menzingen , 19 May 1944
Lehnert , P. La giornata del pontefice Pio XII , Osservatore Romano , Città del Vaticano , 22 March 1952
Mazzolari , Primo . La carità del papa , Pio XII e la ricostruzione dell'Italia , Edizione Paoline , 1991
Schad , Marta . Gottes mächtige Dienerin , Schwester Pascalina und Papst Pius XII . Herbig , München , 2007
References
1894 births
1983 deaths
Pope Pius XII advisers
20th-century German Roman Catholic nuns
People from Ebersberg ( district )
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Women and the papacy
Conclavists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Kfar Avoda ( , lit . Work Village ) is an institutional settlement that operates a center for special education in central Israel . Located in the Sharon plain around two kilometres east of Tel Mond , it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council . In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1942 and is run by the Welfare and Social Services Ministry .
References
Villages in Israel
Education in Israel
Populated places established in 1942
1942 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Populated places in Central District ( Israel )
Audit evidence is evidence obtained by auditors during a financial audit and recorded in the audit working papers .
Audit evidence is required by auditors to determine if a company has correct information considering their financial statements . If the information is correct , a CPA ( Certified Public Accountant ) can confirm the company 's financial statements . Audit evidence is the primary support for an auditor 's opinion on if there is a reasonable assurance that the company 's financial statements are not materially misstated due to fraud or error . Audit evidence consists of various audit procedures and can often have a different role in the different stages of an audit . Audit evidence must be sufficient and appropriate , which means it is reliable and relevant . The auditor must use their own professional judgement when determining if the audit evidence is persuasive and sufficient .
Audit evidence has undergone significant change with the emergence of Artificial Intelligence , Big Data , and audit data analytics . As the field of accounting is transforming , technologies such as AI ( artificial intelligence ) are playing a role in audit evidence . AI is enhancing the collection of audit evidence due to the large quantities of data that can be processed with very little error . Audit evidence collection is also being improved through audit data analytics , which also provide the auditor the ability to view the entire population of data , rather than just a sample . Viewing greater amounts of data leads to a more efficient audit and a greater understanding of the audit evidence .
Along with audit data analytics , big data has allowed auditors to use more sources for audit evidence and helps increase the quality and efficiency of audits . Alternatively , the quality of the data in these new sources can not always be seen as reliable , which can be a drawback to big data 's contributions .
Audit Procedures
The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) describes the procedures used to get audit evidence . This includes inspection , observation , inquiry , confirmation , recalculation , reperformance , and analytical procedures .
Inspection occurs when the auditor check 's the clients records for important evidence . These records can be from the client , or from outside companies giving information about the client .
Observation is when the auditor watches someone do a specific job , such as watching an employee count products in a warehouse . The evidence gathered in an observation usually applies to that date . This means an inventory observation on December 31 demonstrates the amount of inventory the company has on that date .
Inquiry involves speaking to people , whether inside or outside the client 's company , to learn specific information .
Confirmation is a response to the auditor from third party roles about information regarding an assertion .
Recalculation is when the auditor checks if mathematical procedures are correct , such as re-adding totals .
Reperformance occurs when the auditor redoes certain processes to ensure they were done correctly .
Analytical Procedures are done to check unexpected variances and investigate financial and non-financial information .
Audit Evidence Through Audit Stages
Audit evidence plays a role in each phase of the audit . In the acceptance and continuance phase , audit evidence is the information the auditor considers before making their decision . Some examples of this are the competency and capability of the audit team , integrity of key employees in the client company , if relevant ethical requirements are able to be met , and any other implications that will affect the completion of the audit . In the audit planning stage , audit evidence is the information that the auditor considers when determining the most effective and efficient approach for the audit . For example , reliability of internal control procedures , and analytical review systems . In the control testing stage , audit evidence is used by the auditor to consider the mix of audit test of controls and audit substantive tests . In the substantive testing stage , audit evidence is defined as the information that the auditor needs to support the appropriation of financial statement assertions . Finally in the conclusion and opinion formulation stage , audit evidence is the information considered by the auditor before determining whether the financial statements as a whole present with completeness , validity , accuracy , and consistency with the auditor 's understanding of the entity .
Qualities of Acceptable Audit Evidence
There are a couple aspects of evidence that make various audit evidence good quality . This consists of sufficiency and appropriateness . Audit evidence is sufficient when there is an acceptable amount of evidence found . These changes based on the risk of material misstatement and the quality of evidence that was found . The higher the risk that the financial statements are materially misstated , the more evidence an auditor should collect . The better a specific piece of evidence is , the less an auditor needs to find additional evidence .
For audit evidence to be appropriate , it needs to be relevant and reliable . It is relevant when it is heavily related to the assertion or control that is being tested . The audit 's design can change the level of relevancy . This includes whether they are testing the identified assertion or control or they are testing materiality of statement differences . Next , reliability is decided based on where the evidence came from and what happened to obtain it . Evidence obtained externally from an expert or professional that is unrelated to the client has a high level of reliability compared to evidence from within the client 's company . The reliability of internal evidence can be improved by ensuring that the company 's internal controls are functioning properly . Another very reliable form of evidence is direct knowledge , which means the auditor learned this information directly .
Effect of Technology on Audit Evidence
The collection of audit evidence has transformed with the use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) . This new technology allows auditors to examine large quantities of evidence efficiently , allowing auditor 's to quickly determine the validity of the audit evidence they are examining . Due to the fact that large quantities of data can be collected and condensed , auditors can use the information from AI to make more efficient decisions throughout the audit . Additionally , AI can be programmed to find certain things such as material misstatements , and can identify these mistakes in less time than humans . Technology is capable of reformatting different pieces of audit evidence so that it is comparable with other evidence that has been found , improving the auditor 's efficiency . AI that is properly functioning and maintained can also reduce substantive testing of audit evidence , which will reduce the time of the audit .
While AI can make the auditing process easier , there are concerns that AI will dismiss audit evidence that humans would not have overlooked due to immateriality . Currently , many auditors that use AI are utilizing its abilities to analyze evidence efficiently , but are still depending on human judgment and professional skepticism . The technology of AI is still relatively new , meaning that a lot of training still needs to be done before auditors worldwide can use this application .
Big Data and Audit Evidence
Audit technology has allowed auditors to acquire audit evidence from multiple sources , both financial and non-financial . Technology that works with big data can work alongside audit evidence to increase the quality and efficiency of an audit . Big data uses pattern recognition , natural-language processing , and data mining to elevate audit data analytics , which is briefly discussed in the paragraph below . Additionally , big data is characterized by its size , velocity , veracity , and variety . These characteristics allow big data to contribute to the sufficiency and relevancy of audit evidence . Big data is an external source obtained directly by the auditor , and therefore , can increase reliability of the audit evidence . Since it is real-time data from external sources and is so large , it is more difficult for an individual to tamper with , increasing the reliability . If an auditor is having difficulties retrieving clients ' information , using big data can serve as an alternative way to obtain relevant information for the audit or can be used in conjunction with existing evidence as a supplement .
On the other hand , big data could have some drawbacks . There are some concerns regarding the data quality you get with big data due to the possibility of increased false positives , which would decrease reliability . Additionally , big data evidence can be an indicator of association , but can be misinterpreted as causation , which could lead to inaccurate conclusions . As for challenges auditors would face , one would be linking the big data with the relevant , traditional audit evidence in order to complement it . Another challenge would involve efficiently and accurately sorting and summarizing the large volume of data , which can be achieved through the use of data mining if done successfully . Some sources of big data may come from outlets such as news articles or social media , which could be influenced by biases and make the evidence inappropriate to use as representative of the population .
Audit Data Analytics
Rather than replacing or eliminating traditional audit techniques completely , audit data analytics can be used alongside the traditional methods to optimize the sufficiency and relevance of audit evidence . Audit data analytics allows auditors to look at an entire population rather than just a sample , which can help the audit by providing more assurance to the auditor and provide higher quality audit evidence . This complete testing can make the evidence more accurate . Audit data analytics can also provide the auditor with a greater understanding of the evidence , leading to more informed decisions . The audit data analytics process may take some years to become fully functioning . In the first year , the company must find the appropriate data set , and the auditor must perform data wrangling on that data set in order for analytics procedures to be carried out . In this case , data wrangling refers to when an auditor reconciles and formats a data set . This process performed in the first year will require extra time added to the traditional audit , so it may initially take longer than sampling .
Additionally , audit data analytics can assist with an auditor 's risk assessment ; the auditor can identify the company 's trends and compare them to the industry norms using this technology . If the auditor finds an unusual difference or discrepancy , they can investigate it further . More specifically , the planning stage can be improved by the auditors using the technology to enhance their understanding of the company and its industry . Data analytics can also provide a thorough , detailed analysis of a company 's general ledger or sub ledgers , which can provide more evidence to the auditor .
In relation to specific kinds of audit evidence , there are a couple examples where audit data analytics can alter the methods of collection . Traditionally , bank confirmations , analytical procedures , and journal entry testing would most likely be carried out at the client site by the audit team itself . With the use of this technology , these kinds of procedures could be handed off to other groups to be completed remotely ( specialists , third parties ) rather than having to personally travel to the sites .
With the emergence and growing popularity of audit data analytics , the accounting profession is tasked with evolving its auditing standards to encompass the usage of data analytics technology , big data , and “ continuous auditing . ”
See also
International Standards on Auditing
ISA 500 Audit Evidence
HKSA 500 Audit Evidence
Financial statement assertions
References
External links
ISA ( UK and Ireland ) 500 - Audit Evidence , concept
http : //www.aicpa.org/Research/Standards/AuditAttest/DownloadableDocuments/AU-00326.pdf “ What Is Audit Evidence ? Definition and Meaning. ” BusinessDictionary.com , www.businessdictionary.com/definition/audit-evidence.html .
Auditing terms
Triathlon had its Summer Olympics debut at the 2000 Games , in Sydney , when men 's and women 's individual events were first held , and has been contested since then . In 2021 , at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics a mixed team relay event was held for the first time . The sport , and its Olympic events , are governed by the International Triathlon Union , known since 2019 as World Triathlon .
Summary
History
The 2000 Summer Olympics saw the first appearance of the triathlon . 48 women and 52 men competed in separate triathlons . The distances used were the `` international '' or `` standard '' ones , with a swim , cycle , and a run . The 2004 triathlon was identical to the first in distance , but the 100-athlete quota was evened between 50 women and 50 men . The quota was further increased to 55 women and 55 men for the 2008 Beijing Olympics and remained the same for London 2012 and Rio 2016 .
Results summary
Only one athlete , Great Britain 's Alistair Brownlee , has ever won the Olympic triathlon twice ( in 2012 and 2016 ) , making him the most successful Olympic triathlete . Brother Jonathan Brownlee uniquely has won three medals in three consecutive Games , bronze in 2012 , silver in 2016 and finally a gold in the inaugural team relay in 2020 , thus making him the most decorated Olympic triathlete , and the only three time medalist .
Several other athletes have also won two medals , including a silver and bronze for New Zealander Bevan Docherty , and two Olympic champions , Canada 's Simon Whitfield and Switzerland 's Nicola Spirig , who both won a gold , followed by a silver medal . Katie Zaferes , Alex Yee and Georgia Taylor-Brown became the first triathletes to win two medals in the same Games in 2021 with the introduction of the mixed relay , the latter two athletes becoming the most successful triathlete in a single Games with a gold ( relay ) and a silver ( individual ) medal .
Great Britain is the most successful nation as of 2021 , with three gold , three silver and two bronze medals . New Zealand ( 2004 ) and Great Britain ( 2016 ) are the only nations to have completed a one-two finish in an individual event . No nation has yet won both women 's and men 's individual events at the same Games , or indeed in any Games - in fact , only two nations , Switzerland and Great Britain , have won medals in both men 's and women 's individual events as of 2021 , and only Great Britain have won medals in all three Olympic events , managing the feat at the 2020 Games .
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Medal table
16 nations have split the thirty-nine medals awarded in the triathlon events , accurate as of the conclusion of the 2020 Olympic games .
Qualification
Qualification spots in the triathlon are allotted to National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) rather than to individual athletes .
There are five ways for NOCs to earn spots in the triathlon . NOCs can earn a maximum of three spots , though only eight nations may earn that many . Nations beyond that may earn only two spots .
The first five spots go to the winners of the five regional qualifying tournaments . Three more spots go to the top three triathletes of the most recent Triathlon World Championships , though any athlete that won a regional tournament is skipped in that determination . The next 39 places go to the NOCs of those athletes highest in the ITU ranking ( again , skipping those athletes that have already qualified in the first two methods ) . A forty-eighth place is awarded to the host country if it has not already received a spot , or to the next highest ranked athlete if the host country has . Two places are awarded by the Tripartite Commission . In the end , further five places are distributed to the NOCs without any quota through the ITU Points List , with one place for each continent .
Competition
The Olympic triathlon is composed of two medal events , one for men and the other for women . Both use the same distances of 1.5 km , 40 km , and 10 km . Mass starts are used and drafting is allowed during the cycling phase .
Because of the variability of courses and uncontrollable conditions , official time based records are not kept for the triathlon . This rule applies to Olympic games as well .
Changes for Tokyo 2020
In the Olympic games , held in Tokyo , there will be the inclusion of a mixed relay race . Teams of two men and two women will compete on a course consisting of a 300m swim , 8 km cycle , and 2 km run before tagging a teammate .
Nations
The following nations have taken part in the triathlon competition .
See also
List of Olympic venues in triathlon
Athletics at the 1904 Summer Olympics – Men 's triathlon
Gymnastics at the 1904 Summer Olympics – Men 's triathlon
References
External links
Olympic.org
ITU homepage
Sports at the Summer Olympics
Olympics
Private Buckaroo is a 1942 American comedy musical film directed by Edward F. Cline starring The Andrews Sisters , Dick Foran , Harry James , Shemp Howard , Joe E. Lewis , and Jennifer Holt . The film tells the story of army recruits following basic training , with the Andrews Sisters attending USO dances .
Plot
Entertainer Lon Prentice initially is keen to enlist in the US Army but is prevented from this due to his having one flat foot . After having the flat fixed , he is accepted for enlistment . Soon after basic training begins , Private Prentice informs his commanding officer that he finds most military training useless , unnecessary and beneath him . His commander orders all the men that Private Prentice is exempt from doing things he does n't want to do , which turns the entire camp against him .
The plot generally takes a back seat to a packed schedule of musical numbers , as Harry James and his band have set up a permanent USO show at the base . The film tests if The Andrews Sisters can support their own film without Abbott and Costello ( with whom they had already co-starred three times ) .
The film marks a rare movie appearance by Joe E. Lewis ; whose style was more suited to nightclubs .
Comedy relief is provided by Shemp Howard as a `` tough Sargent '' ; and Wickes as his gawky girlfriend .
Cast
The Andrews Sisters ( Maxene Andrews , Patty Andrews and Laverne Andrews )
Dick Foran as Lon Prentice
Joe E. Lewis as Lancelot Pringle McBiff
Jennifer Holt as Joyce Mason
Shemp Howard as First Sgt . 'Muggsy ' Shavel
Richard Davies as Lt. Howard Mason
Mary Wickes as Bonnie-Belle Schlopkiss
Ernest Truex as Col. Elias Weatherford
Donald O'Connor as Donny
Peggy Ryan as Peggy
Huntz Hall as Cpl . Anemic
Susan Levine as Tagalong
Jivin ' Jacks and Jills as Themselves
Harry James and His Music Makers as Themselves
Soundtrack
Dick Foran - `` Private Buckaroo '' ( written by Charles Newman and Allie Wrubel )
The Andrews Sisters - `` Three Little Sisters '' ( written by Irving Taylor and Vic Mizzy )
Dick Foran - `` I 'm in the Army Now ''
The Andrews Sisters - `` Six Jerks in a Jeep '' ( written by Sid Robin )
The Andrews Sisters - `` Do n't Sit Under the Apple Tree '' ( written by Sam H. Stept and Charles Tobias )
The Andrews Sisters - `` James Session '' danced by Donald O'Connor , Peggy Ryan and The Jivin ' Jacks and Jills
The Andrews Sisters - `` Steppin ' Out Tonight '' based on the song `` That 's The Moon , My Son '' ( written by Art Kassel and Sammy Gallop .
Dick Foran and Helen Forrest - `` Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Seen ''
Harry James and His Music Makers - `` Concerto for Trumpet ''
The Andrews Sisters - `` Johnny Get Your Gun Again '' ( written by Don Raye and Gene de Paul )
Dick Foran and The Andrews Sisters - `` We 've Got a Job To Do '' ( written by Vickie Knight )
Joe E. Lewis - `` I Love the South ''
Helen Forrest with Harry James and His Music Makers - `` You Made Me Love You '' ( written by Joseph McCarthy and James V. Monaco )
See also
Public domain film
List of American films of 1942
List of films in the public domain in the United States
References
External links
1942 films
1942 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
World War II films made in wartime
American black-and-white films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Edward F. Cline
Military humor in film
1940s English-language films
Leroy Smeck ( 6 February 1900 – 5 April 1994 ) was an American musician . His skill on the banjo , guitar , and ukulele earned him the nickname `` The Wizard of the Strings '' .
Background
Smeck was born in Reading , Pennsylvania . He started on the vaudeville circuit . His style was influenced by Eddie Lang , Ikey Robinson , banjoist Harry Reser , Johnny Marvin and steel guitarist Sol Hoʻopiʻi . Smeck could not sing well , so he developed novelty dances and trick playing to supplement his act .
Vaudeville
Smeck was one of only two vaudeville artists to play the octachord , an 8-string lap steel guitar . He was introduced to the instrument by Sam Moore when he played on the bill with Moore and Davis in 1923 .
Like so many of the performers during the era , he was a big fan of the instruments created by the C.F . Martin & Company and used a variety of their instruments . Smeck was unsuccessful in obtaining an endorsement deal with Martin , who limited their support to a twenty percent discount for all performers . As a result , he endorsed the Harmony and Gibson guitars and Harmony ukuleles . Smeck was also known for his work on the Harmony company 's Vita-Uke along with a number of other versions sold with his signature across the headstock .
In addition to playing the ukulele with his teeth , he would play it behind his back or even use a violin bow .
Radio
Smeck was an early radio performer , putting together acts for appearances across the country . Almost all of them had his name in the band title , including The Roy Smeck Trio , The Roy Smeck Quartet , Roy Smeck and his Vita Trio , Roy Smeck 's Novelty Orchestra and Roy Smeck and His Music Men .
Notable appearances
On 15 April 1923 , Stringed Harmony , a short film starring Smeck made in the DeForest Phonofilm sound-on-film process , premiered at the Rivoli Theater in New York City .
On 6 August 1926 , Warner Brothers released Don Juan starring John Barrymore , the first feature released in the Vitaphone sound-on-disc system . On the program was a short film , His Pastimes , made in Vitaphone and starring Smeck , which made him an instant celebrity .
Smeck appeared in the film Club House Party ( 1932 ) with singing star Russ Columbo . He also appeared with Columbo in That Goes Double ( 1933 ) , which featured Smeck on a screen divided into four parts , simultaneously playing steel guitar , tenor banjo , ukulele , and six-string guitar .
Smeck played at Franklin D. Roosevelt 's presidential inaugural ball in 1933 , George VI 's coronation review in 1937 , and toured globally . He appeared on television on variety shows hosted by Ed Sullivan , Steve Allen , and Jack Paar . From 1943 to 1945 , he headlined a USO show that toured veteran hospitals in the United States in a show that featured the Meri-Maids , starring Marjorie Lynn , a Chicago native , of National Barn Dance fame .
Inventor and instructor
Smeck designed and endorsed the Vita-Uke and other stringed instruments marketed by the Harmony Company of Chicago . He made over 500 recordings for various companies , including Edison Records , Victor Talking Machine Company , Columbia Records , Decca Records , Crown Records , RCA Records and others . He also wrote instruction/method books and arrangements for the instruments he played .
Later life and recognition
A documentary by Alan Edelstein and Peter Friedman , The Wizard of the Strings ( 1985 ) , was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary and won an award at the Student Academy Awards .
Smeck died in New York City at age 94 .
In 1998 , he was inducted into the Ukulele Hall of Fame . His citation read , in part , `` The 'Wizard of the Strings ' captured the hearts and minds of audiences for more than six decades . '' He was posthumously inducted into the National Four-String Banjo Hall of Fame in 2001 .
See also
Banjo Hall of Fame Members
Notes
External links
as Roy Smeck and His Aloha Islanders
Discography
Spaceage Pop
Biography and personal memories of Roy Smeck
Roy Smeck recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings .
1900 births
1994 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Guitarists from Pennsylvania
Musicians from Reading , Pennsylvania
American banjoists
American ukulele players
Decca Records artists
Okeh Records artists
RCA Victor artists
Vocalion Records artists
X Records artists
20th-century American guitarists
The 31st Air Base ( ) , commonly known as Poznań-Krzesiny Airport is a Polish Air Force base and military airport , located in Krzesiny , part of the Nowe Miasto district of Poznań .
The base was officially constituted on 31 December 2000 , and since then has been the home base for the 3rd Tactical Squadron . It is the first base to host the recently acquired F-16 fighters .
History
In 1941 , during its occupation of Poznań , Nazi Germany built an aircraft factory at Krzesiny ( German : Luftwaffenfliegerhorst Kreising ) , along with an airfield to service it . The factory , run by Focke-Wulf , was a target for Allied bombers in the course of the war , on 29 May 1944 for Eighth Air Force . On 22 January 1945 the airfield was captured by Red Army and taken over by the Soviet Air Force , which in turn passed it to the Polish military in 1954 , which has used it since , hosting various units under changing designations :
since 1954 : one of squadrons of 11th Fighter Regiment ( 11 . Pułk Lotnictwa Myśliwskiego ) that was in this same year transformed to 62nd School-Training Fighter Regiment ( 62 . Pułk Szkolno-Treningowy Lotnictwa Myśliwskiego ) which was part of 3rd Air Defence Corps ( 3 . Korpus Obrony Powietrznej )
in 1957 regiment was renamed to 62nd Fighter Regiment ( 62 . Pułk Lotnictwa Myśliwskiego ) which , in 1958 , received name of `` Insurgents of Greater Poland Uprising ( 1918–1919 ) '' ( Powstańców Wielkopolskich 1918/1919 )
on 16 January 1994 regiment was renamed to 3rd Fighter Regiment of Poznań ( 3 . Pułk Lotnictwa Myśliwskiego `` Poznań '' ) that consists two squadrons
in 1999 1st squadron was enlarged by part of personnel and aircraft of disbanded 17th Air Force Squadron ( 17 . Eskadra Lotnicza ) from Poznań-Ławica Airport
The organisation as an air base was implemented on 31 December 2000 to conform with NATO practices , separating the air base from the units which are based there . On this date 3rd Fighter Regiment was split into 31st Air Base ( 31 . Baza Lotnicza ) and 3rd Tactical Squadron ( 3 . Eskadra Lotnictwa Taktycznego ) .
On 1 April 2008 31st Air Base was again joined with 3rd Tactical Squadron and 6th Tactical Squadron to form single unit named 31st Tactical Air Base .
Confusion with Poznań–Ławica Airport
Poznań–Krzesiny Airport has been confused by pilots with Poznań–Ławica Airport , which also has a runway . The runways are at approximately the same orientation : Ławica 's is 11/29 ( true heading : 108/288 ) and Krzesiny 's is 12/30 ( true heading : 117.9/297.9 ) . The two runways lie in a nearly straight line , with Krzesiny coming up first on approaches from the east , the ones used most often . On the other hand , the Krzesiny airbase lies southeast from the city centre , while Poznań–Ławica lies just west of it . Krzesiny had a second runway , but at an unknown date this second runway that crosses runway 12/30 was closed , as in satellite images it is marked with large white X marks .
One notable incident involving confusion between Ławica and Krzesiny happened on August 15 , 2006 . What happened was that a Sky Airlines aircraft – a Boeing 737-800 that operated the flight SKY335 – mistook the runway at Krzesiny for the one being used in Ławica . The crew did n't realise their error until later , when they took off to reposition the jet to the main airport .
According to Krzysztof Krawcewicz , a pilot and the editor-in-chief of the Polish monthly Przegląd Lotniczy/Aviation Revue , this was at least the seventh mistaken aircraft that landed at the Poznań–Krzesiny airfield in 2006 alone . He faults , among others , the `` scandalous procedures which are in use by the air traffic control at Poznań–Ławica '' and the lack of radar use in controlling aircraft landing , which exists , but has been turned off by the Polish Air Traffic Agency ( Agencja Ruchu Lotniczego ) .
References
External links
Airports in Poland
Polish Air Force bases
Soviet Air Force bases
Poland–Soviet Union relations
Buildings and structures in Poznań
Military installations of the Soviet Union in other countries
Tnuvot ( , lit . Crops ) is a moshav in central Israel . Located in the Sharon plain between Netanya and Tulkarm , it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council . In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1952 by Jewish immigrants from Yemen . Its name is symbolic for its agricultural base and was taken from the Bible by the verse :
`` He made him ride on the high places of the earth , and he did eat the fruitage of the field ; and He made him to suck honey out of the crag , and oil out of the flinty rock '' ( Deuteronomy 32,13 ) .
A historical ancient site with a mosaic from the Roman-Byzantine era , called `` Tel Shevah '' is located nearby , as is a landing strip for ultralight aviation .
References
External links
Official website
Moshavim
Religious Israeli communities
Populated places established in 1952
Populated places in Central District ( Israel )
Yemeni-Jewish culture in Israel
1952 establishments in Israel
The 28th Mieczysław Połukard Criterium of Polish Speedway League Aces will be the 2009 version of the Criterium of Aces . It took place on 29 March at the Polonia Stadium in Bydgoszcz , Poland . In the 2008 season , Criterium was won by multi-winner Tomasz Gollob , who beat junior Emil Saifutdinov and Tomasz Chrzanowski .
Start list
( 7 ) Andreas Jonsson - Polonia Bydgoszcz
Wiesław Jaguś - Unibax Toruń
Tomasz Gapiński - Włókniarz Częstochowa
Krzysztof Jabłoński - Start Gniezno
( 15 ) Emil Saifutdinov - Polonia Bydgoszcz
Jarosław Hampel - Unia Leszno
Piotr Protasiewicz - Falubaz Zielona Góra
Krzysztof Buczkowski - Polonia Bydgoszcz
( 8 ) Rune Holta - Caelum Stal Gorzów Wlkp .
( 13 ) Grzegorz Walasek - Falubaz Zielona Góra
Krzysztof Kasprzak - Unia Leszno
Jonas Davidsson - Polonia Bydgoszcz
( 14 ) Sebastian Ułamek - Unia Tarnów
Tomasz Chrzanowski - Polonia Bydgoszcz
Adrian Miedziński - Unibax Toruń
Tomasz Jędrzejak - Atlas Wrocław
Note : riders in bold type are Polonia ' riders . Riders with numbers are 2009 Speedway Grand Prix riders .
Notconfirmed :
( 3 ) Tomasz Gollob - Stal Gorzów Wlkp .
Adam Skórnicki - Lotos Gdańsk
Heat details
See also
Speedway in Poland
References
Criterium of Aces
Mieczysław Połukard Criterium of Polish Speedway Leagues Aces
ESPN College Football is the branding used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I FBS college football across ESPN properties , including ESPN , ESPN2 , ESPN3 , ESPN+ , ABC , ESPN Classic , ESPNU , ESPN Deportes , ESPNews and ESPN Radio . ESPN College Football debuted in 1982 .
ESPN College Football consists of four to five games a week , with ESPN College Football Primetime , which airs at 7:30 on Thursdays . Saturday includes ESPN College Football Noon at 12:00 Saturday , a 3:30 or 4:30 game that is not shown on a weekly basis , and ESPN College Football Primetime on Saturday . A Sunday game , Sunday Showdown , was added for the first half of 2006 to make up for the loss of Sunday Night Football to NBC .
ESPN also produces ESPN College Football on ABC and ESPN Saturday Night Football on ABC in separate broadcast packages .
The American , ACC , Big Ten , Big 12 , Conference USA , MAC , Pac-12 , SEC , and Sun Belt are all covered by ESPN along with FBS Independents BYU and Liberty . Through its online arm ESPN3 and the ESPN+ streaming service , ESPN carries a wide variety of other athletic conferences and games at lower divisions , spanning the full breadth of college football .
History
ESPN began airing taped college football games during the 1979 regular season , starting with a game between Colorado and Oregon . The network was limited to airing tape-delayed games because the NCAA controlled television rights through exclusive contracts . However , because bowl games operate outside the control of the NCAA , ESPN was able to air the 1982 Independence Bowl between Kansas State and Wisconsin live ( through a simulcast with the Mizlou Television Network ) – the first live football game televised on ESPN .
After the 1984 Supreme Court decision in NCAA v. Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma allowed individual schools to negotiate television rights , ESPN began broadcasting live regular-season games during the 1984 season , beginning with a game between BYU and Pittsburgh on September 1 , 1984 . The first live broadcast of a regular-season night game followed that night , between the Florida Gators , who were ranked number 17 , and the Miami Hurricanes , who were ranked number 10 .
In recent years , ESPN and ESPN2 air games at noon , which usually includes a Big Ten game . Both networks also air primetime games , typically featuring teams from the ACC or SEC .
With the expansion of ESPN , including multiple networks and outlets , their coverage has likewise increased . In 2005 , with the creation of ESPNU , over 300 games were aired on its networks .
In 2007 , the ESPN family of networks aired over 450 games . Also , they aired a weekly game on ESPN Radio for the first time ever . ESPN started that season with 25 hours of college football programming .
Also , ESPNU has rapidly increased the coverage of spring intramural team scrimmages with entire programs dedicated to this phenomenon . In 2008 , ESPN aired College GameDay from Florida Field prior to their spring scrimmage game .
Starting with the 2007 season , ESPN began sublicensing games from Fox Sports Net , with the Big 12 Conference ( later extended until 2009 ) and with the Pacific-10 Conference . However , the games can not air during the “ reverse mirror ” slot .
During the 2008 season , ESPN aired over 400 games .
Beginning in the 2010 season , ESPN acquired exclusive broadcast rights to the Bowl Championship Series in a four-year contract , where all games in the BCS would be aired on ESPN .
Also in 2010 , the company launched ESPN Goal Line , a gametime-only channel that switches between games to show the most interesting plays , similar to NFL RedZone .
In 2012 , ESPN reached long-term , 12-year agreements to retain rights to the Rose Bowl , Orange Bowl , and Sugar Bowl following the dissolution of the Bowl Championship Series . In November , ESPN reached a 12-year deal to broadcast the remainder of the new College Football Playoff system , valued at around $ 470 million per-year , giving it continued rights to the Peach Bowl and Fiesta Bowl , as well as the Cotton Bowl Classic and the College Football Playoff National Championship .
For the 2014-15 postseason , ESPN implemented a major overhaul of its on-air presentation with flat design and a score box in the bottom-right of the screen , which soft launched during the New Orleans Bowl , and formally debuted alongside new imaging for the first CFP bowl games . ESPN revamped its on-air presentation for college football again for the 2020 season , with a `` test facility '' theme , and a scoreboard along the bottom of the screen reminiscent of Monday Night Football .
In 2017 , ESPN renewed its rights to the Big Ten ; the network lost its tier 1 rights to Big Ten football to Fox Sports , meaning that it no longer has the first choices of games each week .
In 2019 , ESPN began a 12-year deal with the American Athletic Conference , with at least 40 football games on ESPN linear networks and ABC per-season , and all other content on ESPN+ . ESPN+ also acquired the third-tier media rights to most Big 12 teams , besides the Texas Longhorns ( who have a partnership with ESPN on Longhorn Network ) and Oklahoma Sooners ( which had a partnership with Fox Sports Oklahoma ) . ESPN+ eventually acquired the Sooners ' rights in 2022 , in an agreement that will last through its exit to the SEC in 2025 .
In December 2020 , ESPN announced a 10-year , $ 3 billion contract to hold the top media rights for the SEC beginning in 2024 , ending its long-standing agreement with CBS , and seeing its flagship package of games move to ABC .
In August 2022 , it was reported that ESPN had backed out of negotiations to renew its rights to Big Ten athletics after the 2022 season , ending a relationship dating back to the 1980s . The Big Ten ultimately signed with Fox , CBS ( where its Big Ten package will effectively replace its SEC package in 2024 ) , and NBC , with all three networks holding shares of its college football and basketball rights .
Programs
College Football Live - Daily program during the season and weekly show in the offseason
College GameDay - Weekly show ( in-season ) from the site of the biggest day of the game or significance
College Football Final - Saturday show reviewing the highlights of the days and the biggest stories
ESPNU programs
ESPNU Inside The Polls
ESPNU Coaches Spotlight
ESPNU Recruiting Insider
Former programs
Thursday GameNight ( formerly the Weekend Kickoff Show )
Coverage
ESPN airs Spring Football games and coverage . Coverage includes College Football Final which wraps the annual Spring Games .
During the regular season , ESPN airs pre-selected Thursday night marquee matchups . ESPN2 airs pre-selected Friday night contests from lesser known Division I schools . In late October and November , games almost exclusively from the Mid-American Conference air on Tuesdays or Wednesdays , usually on ESPN2 .
The weekend games with the exception of the regular season are typically selected a week or two weeks out . ABC gets the first pick of games for all the major conferences , with the exception of the SEC , in which case CBS get their first selection .
ESPN/ESPN2 formerly aired coverage of ABC games in a `` reverse mirror '' format . Both networks will also air other selected midweek games and Sunday games , typically teams from more “ minor ” conferences ( Sunday games are exceptionally rare because of conflicts with ESPN Sunday Night Baseball and the network 's professional football coverage , both NFL and Canadian football ) .
ESPN Radio airs a weekly game as well as selected College Football Playoff bowl games including all bowl and national championship games .
ESPNU usually airs 5 games per week .
Before its closure in December 2021 , ESPN Classic aired selected games throughout the year .
Typical games
ESPN 's Saturdays during the regular season begin at 9:00 AM ET with College GameDay , a three-hour live show that previews the day 's games . This counts down to the first set of games for the day , which begin at noon ET on ABC , ESPN , and ESPN2 . Another set of games will begin across those three networks around 3:30 PM . At the conclusion of the second game , Saturday Night Football on ABC games are presented each Saturday evening starting at 7:30 p.m. during the college football regular season , which has been the case since 2017 . ESPN College Football Saturday Primetime starts around 7:00 , as does another game on ESPN2 . Late-night games ( often from the Pac-12 Conference ) begin on ESPN and ESPN2 around 10:30 ET , in prime time on the west coast .
Kickoff Week is the first weekend of the college football weekend . Games include the Advocare Classic , the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game and other non-conference action . One game will air on ABC on Sunday night , and second game will air on ESPN on the following Monday night . After the first week of the college football season , the NFL season begins , and so these windows are filled with NBC 's Sunday Night Football and ESPN 's Monday Night Football , respectively .
Championship Weekend always features the MAC Championship Game and will feature the Pac-12 Championship game every other year beginning in 2013 . Previously it has featured the WAC Championship Game , the C-USA Championship Game , and the Big 12 Championship game before they changed affiliates or dropped below the minimum 12 teams required for a football championship .
The ESPN family of networks air the Division I FCS conference playoffs as well as the Division II and III championship games .
ESPN and ESPN2 air the bulk of the games during ‘ ‘ Bowl Week '' ( which contrary to its name extends to well over two calendar weeks because of the huge number of bowls , many created by ESPN 's own event division , the networks air ) .
Through the network 's online arms WatchESPN and ESPN3 , the ESPN networks cover the breadth of almost all levels of college football .
Nielsen ratings
Conference Championship Games since 2015
2021-22 Bowl Games
Non-game action
College GameDay
ESPN airs the nationally renowned College GameDay . Since 1993 and almost exclusively in recent years , it has aired from the top game of the week or one of significance . For the 2010 season , the show was expanded to three hours , with the first hour airing on ESPNU .
Home Depot College Football Awards
Since 1990 , ESPN has aired the show live from the Boardwalk in Orlando , Florida . The show airs several awards .
Heisman Trophy Presentation
Since 1994 , ESPN has aired the Heisman Trophy from New York City . It is typically an hour-long program featuring interviews with past winners and nominees ( with their families or coaches ) .
Personalities
See also
ESPN College Football Primetime
ESPN College Football Thursday Primetime
ESPN College Football Friday Primetime
ESPN College Football Saturday Primetime
ESPN2 College Football Saturday Primetime
ESPNU College Football
ESPN College Football on ABC
Saturday Night Football
ESPN Plus
References
External links
College Football
College Football
ABC Sports
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1982 American television series debuts
1990s American television series
2000s American television series
2010s American television series
2020s American television series
Sports telecast series
ESPN
Vytautas Einoris ( 7 February 1930 – 7 January 2019 ) was a Lithuanian agronomist , politician , former member of the Seimas and Minister of Agriculture .
Biography
Einoris was born in Urnėniškis village in what is now Kupiškis District , Lithuania , on 7 February 1930 . Einoris was one of 12 children in a peasant family .
From 1948 Einoris studied and worked in the agricultural sector of the Lithuanian SSR , starting off as an agricultural technician , zootechnician , later becoming the head of a collective farm , before joining the agricultural administration apparatus as a deputy in the Biržai district executive committee in 1959 . He slowly rose through the ranks , becoming the Minister of the newly-established Fruits and Vegetables Ministry of Lithuanian SSR in 1981 . After the ministry was abolished in 1985 , Einoris worked as the first deputy of the Lithuanian State Agroindustrial committee . Between 1988 and 1989 he worked as the Chairman of the Committee of Environmental Protection .
Einoris had been a member of the Communist Party of Lithuania since 1956 and was elected to the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR in 1984 ( reelected in 1985 ) . He joined the ranks of Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania ( LDDP ) after the independence and in 1993 was appointed the ambassador to Kazakhstan . Einoris returned from the diplomatic mission in 1994 , when he was invited to join the government of Adolfas Šleževičius as the Minister of Agriculture . After Šleževičius was forced to resign in 1995 , he remained part of the government under Laurynas Stankevičius until 1996 .
In a special election in 1995 , Einoris was elected as the member of the Sixth Seimas in the single seat constituency of Kaišiadorys ( 59 ) , replacing Algirdas Brazauskas who had given up his parliamentary mandate after being elected the President of Lithuania in 1993 . Einoris was reelected to the Seventh Seimas in 1996 ( through the electoral list of LDDP ) and to the Eighth Seimas in 2000 ( in the single-seat constituency of Pakruojis-Joniškis ) . He became a member of the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania after the party merged with LDDP in 2001 .
References
Members of the Seimas
People from Kupiškis District Municipality
1930 births
2019 deaths
Ministers of Agriculture of Lithuania
21st-century Lithuanian politicians
Communist Party of Lithuania politicians
Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania politicians
Social Democratic Party of Lithuania politicians
Hŏch'ŏn County is a county in South Hamgyŏng province , North Korea . It was created after the division of Korea , from portions of Tanch'ŏn and P'ungsan .
Geography
Most of the county is steep and mountainous , particularly in the southeast . There are numerous high peaks . The Pujŏllyŏng and Kŏmdŏk Mountains ( 검덕산맥 ) pass through the county , with the highest peak at Kŏmdŏksan .
The chief stream is the Namdaech'ŏn . Approximately 90 % of the county is forestland .
Administrative divisions
Hŏch'ŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp ( town ) , 5 rodongjagu ( workers ' districts ) and 17 ri ( villages ) :
Economy
Mining and electrical power are the chief local industries . There are deposits of copper , iron ore , lead , and zinc . Local crops include maize , soybeans , and potatoes , but cultivation is difficult due to the mountainous terrain .
Sangnong mine is located in this county , to the west of Sangnong-rodongjagu .
Transportation
Hŏch'ŏn county is served by the Hŏch'ŏn and Mandŏk lines of the Korean State Railway , and by various roads .
Near Sangnong-rodongjagu , there is a trolleybus line to Sangnong mine served by one vehicle , though there were two vehicles in 2002 . However , in more recent satellite imagery from 2020 , the only trolleybus visible has disappeared .
Military
The Sangnam-ri Ballistic Missile Base is located in the county . According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies , the existence of the base first came to public light in 1999 , although construction began ca . 1994 . Primary construction of barracks , underground facilities , bunkers , and other support structures was completed by the mid-2000s . Sangnam-ri is a battalion- or regiment-sized unit that encompasses approximately 3.85 sq . km of mountainous territory . It is operated by the Korean People 's Army Strategic Force and is equipped with Hwasong-10 ( Musudan ) intermediate-range ballistic missiles .
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
South Hamgyong
References
External links
Counties of South Hamgyong
Larry Donnell `` Donnie '' Andrews ( April 29 , 1954 – December 13 , 2012 ) was an American armed robber , murderer , and anti-crime advocate . He was one of the inspirations for the character Omar Little on the HBO series The Wire .
Early life
Andrews grew up in a housing project in West Baltimore , Maryland . He was physically abused by his mother . At the age of 9 , he witnessed a man being beaten to death over 15 cents .
Life of crime
Andrews became an armed robber who robbed drug dealers , but his code of ethics included never involving women nor children . He was known to police for armed robbery and drug dealing in the 1970s and early 1980s in Baltimore . In 1986 , local drug kingpin Warren Boardley convinced Andrews ( who needed to support his heroin addiction ) and Reggie Gross to take on the contract killing of Zachary Roach and Rodney `` Touche '' Young . Filled with guilt , Andrews surrendered himself to Ed Burns , a homicide detective with the Baltimore Police Department . Working with Burns , he agreed to wear a covert listening device , which he used to implicate Boardley and Gross in the killings .
In 1987 , Andrews was sentenced to life in prison for the two murders . He was denied parole on his first attempts , but continued to study , ended his addiction to heroin , and helped other inmates by running an anti-gang workshop .
While Andrews was in prison , Detective Burns introduced him to Fran Boyd , whose family was prominently featured in The Corner : A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood , a 1997 book by Burns and David Simon . Andrews and Boyd 's first conversation came in January 1993 , when Boyd was still using drugs . Andrews encouraged Boyd to get clean .
Andrews was paroled from prison in 2005 .
The Wire
By 1998 , Burns and Simon , as well as the lead prosecutor who obtained Andrews ' conviction , began to lobby for Andrews ' release from prison . While Andrews was in prison , Simon sent him copies of the newspaper , and Andrews gave Simon information about crimes taking place in Baltimore . Simon named Andrews a consultant on The Wire , an HBO show about crime in Baltimore which ran from 2002 to 2008 . Simon used Andrews as one of the inspirations for the character Omar Little , a stickup artist who never targeted innocent bystanders .
Andrews was released from prison in 2005 . He performed youth outreach after his release from prison . His foundation , Why Murder ? , attempted to steer children away from a life of crime .
He portrayed Donnie on The Wire , an associate of Omar and his advisor Butchie .
Personal life
Andrews and Fran Boyd married on August 11 , 2007 . Wedding guests included Simon and The Wire cast members Dominic West , Sonja Sohn , and Andre Royo .
Andrews suffered from an aortic dissection , from which he died on December 13 , 2012 in Manhattan , New York . He was 58 years old .
References
1954 births
2012 deaths
People from Baltimore
The Wire
American people convicted of murder
American activists
Goodbye for Now may refer to :
`` Goodbye for Now '' ( Desperate Housewives ) , an episode of the television series Desperate Housewives
`` Goodbye for Now '' ( song ) , a song by P.O.D .
`` Goodbye for Now '' , a song by Stephen Sondheim from the film Reds , also recorded by Barbra Streisand
Kosmos 2421 ( Cosmos 2421 ) was a Russian spy satellite launched in 2006 , but began fragmenting in early 2008 . It also had the Konus-A science payload designed by Ioffe Institute to detect gamma-ray bursts . Three separate fragmentation events produced about 500 pieces of trackable debris . About half of those had already re-entered Earth 's atmosphere by the fall of 2008 .
Satellite life span
Kosmos 2421 was launched on June 25 , 2006 on a Tsyklon-2 from LC90 at Baykonur . Other designations are 2006-026A and NORAD 29247 . It is a US-PU/Legenda type satellite , and was in a 65 degree , 93 minute circular orbit 410–430 km up . The main body of the satellite finally re-entered and burned up on 19 August 2010 .
There have been 190 known satellite breakups between 1961 and 2006 . Kosmos 2421 was one of the top ten space junk producing events up to 2012 . There was estimated to be 500,000 pieces of debris in orbit at that time .
Space station maneuver
On August 27 , 2008 , the International Space Station ( ISS ) fired the boosters of the Jules Verne automated transfer vehicle to avoid debris fragment 33246 from the remains of Kosmos 2421 . Without a change , that piece was predicted to have a 1 in 72 chance of hitting the station . Kosmos 2421 had been in a higher orbit than ISS , so when ISS 's apogee ( high point of orbit ) surpassed the debris field 's perigee ( low point of orbit ) , many fragments would cross ISS 's orbit .
See also
Space debris
Fengyun-1C
2009 satellite collision ( Kosmos 2251 and Iridium 33 )
Kosmos 954
List of space debris producing events
References
External links
IEEE - The Growing Threat of Space Debris
The Threat of Orbital Debris and Protecting NASA Space Assets from Satellite Collisions
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 2006
The Moreland Terrace Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Moreland Terrace , Ash , Bedford , and Page Streets in New Bedford , Massachusetts . It is a residential area that was developed in the early-to-mid 20th century , and is characterized by larger lot sizes and a higher quality of housing than surrounding areas . Most of the houses are Colonial Revival in style , with a few examples of earlier styles ( Georgian Revival , Queen Anne ) , as well as a few later ranch-style houses .
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Bedford , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Colonial Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Shingle Style architecture in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in New Bedford , Massachusetts
New Bedford , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Albert Charles Campbell ( August 17 , 1872 – January 25 , 1947 ) was an American popular music singer who recorded between the late 1890s and the 1920s . He was best known for his many duo recordings with Henry Burr , and as a member of the Peerless Quartet and other vocal groups , but also recorded successfully as a solo singer both under his own name and under various pseudonyms including Frank Howard .
Biography
He was born in Brooklyn , New York , and while in his teens worked for the music publishers Edward B . Marks and Jos . W. Stern . When Marks and Stern organized the Universal Phonograph Company in early 1897 , Campbell began recording for them as part of the Diamond Quartette ( aka Diamond Four ) and Diamond Comedy Four ( with Steve Porter , Jim Reynard and Billy Jones ) . These groups soon began recording discs for the Berliner Gramophone Co. , and Campbell began recording solo vocal records for Reed , Dawson & Co. , the Norcross Phonograph Co. , Berliner Gramophone , Columbia Phonograph Co. and Edison 's National Phonograph Co . Among his early solo successes were `` My Wild Irish Rose '' ( recorded for both Berliner and Edison , 1899 ) ; `` Ma Blushin ' Rosie '' ( recorded for Gram-o-Phone Records , 1900 ) ; and `` Love Me and the World Is Mine '' ( for Victor , 1906 ) .
Campbell also recorded , after the late 1890s , as part of the Columbia Male Quartet , which after 1907 became more generally known as the Peerless Quartet . The group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor Henry Burr , baritone Arthur Collins , and bass John Meyer . Their most successful recordings over the period included `` I Want A Girl ( Just Like The Girl That Married Dear Old Dad ) '' ( 1911 ) ; `` I Did n't Raise My Boy To Be A Soldier '' ( 1915 ) ; and `` Over There '' ( 1917 ) .
Campbell made few solo recordings after 1907 , but formed a highly successful recording partnership with Henry Burr . The pair had a succession of major commercial hits between 1911 and 1925 . These included `` When I was Twenty-One and You Were Sweet Sixteen '' ( recorded for Columbia , 1912 ) ; `` The Trail of the Lonesome Pine '' ( Columbia , 1913 ) ; `` I 'm On My Way To Mandalay '' ( Columbia , Edison , Indestructible , and Victor , 1914 ) ; `` Close to My Heart '' ( Columbia , 1915 ) ; `` There 's a Quaker Down In Quaker Town '' ( Victor , 1916 ) ; `` Lookout Mountain '' ( Columbia and Victor , 1917 ) ; `` Till We Meet Again '' ( Columbia , Emerson , and Paramount , 1919 ) ; and `` I 'm Forever Blowing Bubbles '' ( Columbia and OKeh , 1919 ) .
Campbell and Burr , together with John Meyer and Frank Croxton , continued to perform and record as the Peerless Quartet with some success until 1925 , when the group disbanded . Campbell then formed a duo with Jack Kaufman ; They recorded on Harmony , Edison , Grey Gull , Cameo/Romeo , Perfect , and Gennett/Challenge , sometimes as `` Murphy and Shea '' , `` Collins and Reynolds '' , or `` Wheeler and Morse '' .
Albert Campbell died in New York in 1947 at the age of 74 .
References
External links
Library of Congress : Albert Campbell
Albert Campbell recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings .
Albert Campbell cylinder recordings , from the UCSB Cylinder Audio Archive at the University of California , Santa Barbara Library
1872 births
1947 deaths
Pioneer recording artists
Columbia Records artists
Victor Records artists
Edison Records artists
Singers from New York ( state )
Vaudeville performers
NGC 912 is a compact lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Andromeda about 197 million light years from the Milky Way . It was discovered by French astronomer Édouard Stephan in 1878 .
See also
List of NGC objects ( 1–1000 )
References
External links
Lenticular galaxies
Andromeda ( constellation )
0912
009222
The , signed as Route 1 , is one of the expressway routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area of Japan . The route forms a complete loop that travels only in a clockwise direction around central Osaka , passing through the wards of Chūō-ku , Kita-ku , Naniwa-ku , and Nishi-ku with a total length of .
History
In 1964 , the first section of the Loop Route and the Hanshin Expressway system opened .
The expressway was popular among street racers in the 1980s , but the illegal activity declined after police began heavily patrolling the route and the stagnation of Japan 's economy set in during the Lost Decade .
List of interchanges
The entire expressway lies within Osaka in Osaka Prefecture
In fiction
In Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune , the Loop Route is a playable course
See also
References
External links
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
1
Ring roads in Japan
1964 establishments in Japan
The 15th National Spelling Bee was held in Washington , D.C. on May 29 , 1939 . Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941 .
The winner was 12-year-old Elizabeth Ann Rice of Auburn , Massachusetts and sponsored by the Worcester Telegram & Gazette , correctly spelling the word canonical . Humphrey Cook , age 13 of Virginia , took second after misspelling homogeneity . 14-year-old Mildred Kariher of Ohio took third after missing . ( 30 May 1939 ) . 12-Year-Old Girl Is Winner In National Spelling Bee , Pittsburgh Post Gazette
There were 21 contestants this year , all in the fifth through eight grades , with the westernmost entrant from Colorado .
A banquet was held the night before the Bee at the Ambassador Hotel . The winner of the first bee in 1925 , Frank Neuhauser , now a law student , was in attendance .
The first place prize was $ 500 , second was $ 300 , and third was $ 100 . Fourth through 16th place received $ 50 , and 17th through 21st received $ 40 . Winner Rice ( married name Riza ) later worked as an office manager and business manager until retiring in 1996 . She took up running in her 50s and ran the Boston Marathon three times . She died in Worcester , Massachusetts on April 18 , 2012 .
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1939 awards
1939 in education
1939 in Washington , D.C .
May 1939 events
'Mad ' Arthur Smith ( birth unknown – 17 December 1946 ) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s and 1910s . He played club level rugby union ( RU ) for Yorkley RFC and Cinderford R.F.C. , and representative level rugby league ( RL ) for Great Britain and England , and at club level for Oldham ( Heritage No . 105 ) and Halifax ( Heritage No . 234 ) , as a forward ( prior to the specialist positions of ; ) , during the era of contested scrums . He served in the First World War and was wounded by a German bullet .
Playing career
International honours
Arthur Smith won caps for England ( RL ) while at Oldham in 1906 against Other Nationalities , in 1908 against New Zealand , and Wales , in 1909 against Australia ( 3 matches ) , and won caps for Great Britain ( RL ) while at Oldham in 1908 against New Zealand ( 3 matches ) , and in 1908–09 against Australia ( 3 matches ) .
Championship Final appearances
Arthur Smith played as a forward , i.e . number 12 , in Oldham 's 3–7 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1908–09 season at The Willows , Salford on Saturday 1 May 1909 .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Arthur Smith played as a forward , i.e . number 10 , in Oldham 's 3–17 defeat by Warrington in the 1907 Challenge Cup Final during the 1906–07 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , Salford on Saturday 27 April 1907 in front of a crowd of 18,500. and played as a forward , i.e . number 10 , in the 5–8 defeat by Dewsbury in the 1912 Challenge Cup Final during the 1911–12 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium , Leeds on Saturday 27 April 1912 in front of a crowd of 16,000 .
County Cup Final appearances
Arthur Smith played as a forward , i.e . number 12 , in Oldham 's 9–10 defeat by Wigan in the 1908 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1908–09 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , Salford on Saturday 19 December 1908 .
Nickname
Smith 's sobriquet of 'Mad ' was due to his forceful and enthusiastic style of play .
References
External links
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
British military personnel of World War I
Cinderford R.F.C . players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Footballers who switched code
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Halifax R.L.F.C . players
Oldham R.L.F.C . players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Rugby league forwards
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Alexandra Hagan ( born 21 March 1991 ) is an Australian Olympic representative rower . She competed in the Australian women 's eight at London 2012 and was again selected in the eight for Rio 2016 . She competed and won bronze at World Rowing Championships in 2013 .
Personal
Hagan was born on 21 March 1991 in Bunbury , Western Australia .
She grew up in the Perth area , attending Kearnan College Manjimup and St Joseph 's Primary School , Bunbury before going to high school at Bunbury Catholic College . , she lives in Bunbury , Western Australia . Hagan is tall and weighs .
Club and state rowing
Hagan took up rowing at Bunbury Catholic College . She won the national Schoolgirl Scull title at the Australian Rowing Championships in 2007 & 2008 .
Her senior club rowing is from Perth 's Swan River Rowing Club and she has competed in Swan River colours at the national level in single scull , double sculls and eights races . At the 2008 Australian Rowing Championships , she placed first in the under-19 women 's single scull event and repeated this victory in the same category in 2009 . That year , she and Madeleine Edmunds also won the national under-19 women 's double scull championship .
On nine consecutive occasions between 2008 and 2016 Hagan was seated in the Western Australian women 's eight competing for the Queen 's Cup in the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships .
International rowing career
In 2009 , Hagan competed at the World Junior Rowing Championships in Brive-la-Gaillarde France , in a quad scull , finishing second in the 2000 metres race . In 2011 , she was part of the Australian team that finished third in at the U23 World Championship .
At the 2012 World Cup II in Lucerne , Switzerland Hagan was in the women 's eight which finished 4th and then 5th in the same event at the World Cup III in Munich , Germany . In the women 's eight over 2000m , she helped set a time of 6 minutes 12.36 seconds which qualified the crew for the London Olympics . She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women 's eight who nicknamed themselves the `` Motley Crew '' . Hagan was one of the youngest of Australia 's forty-six member rowing team . Prior to London , she participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese , Italy . She was seated at six in the eight 's Olympic campaign at 2012 London – the crew were disappointed with their 6th place finish .
In 2013 Hagan rowed in the senior women 's eight who took gold at the World Rowing Cup I in Sydney . Half of World Cup eight were selected as a coxless four to compete at the 2013 World Rowing U23 Championships in Linz and in the lead up preparation they competed and won silver at the WRC III in Lucerne . At the 2013 U23 World Championships with Hannah Vermeersch and Charlotte Sutherland and stroked by Lucy Stephan , Vermeersch won gold and an U23 World Championship title .
Two months later that same four raced as Australia 's senior women 's coxless four at the 2013 World Rowing Championships in Chungju , Korea and took a bronze medal . All members of the four also doubled-up in the senior women 's eight with Hagan seated at six and they placed fifth in that event in Chungju .
Hagan was a member of the Australian eight who initially missed qualification for the 2016 Rio Olympics but received a late call up following the Russian drug scandal . WADA had discovered Russian state sponsored drug testing violations and the IOC acted to protect clean athletes and set strict entry guidelines for Russian athletes resulting in most of their rowers and nearly all of their crews being withdrawn from the Olympic regatta . The Australian women 's VIII had dispersed two months earlier after their failure to qualify but reconvened , travelled at the last minute to Rio and borrowed a shell . They finished last in their heat , last in the repechage and were eliminated .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
Rowers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
21st-century Australian women
Pasquale `` Pat '' Caruso ( born June 30 , 1963 in Italy ) is a former field hockey player .
Caruso participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for Canada , starting in 1984 . After having finished in tenth position in Los Angeles , California , the resident of Calgary , Alberta ended up in eleventh place with the Men 's National Team in the Seoul Games .
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games , Los Angeles ( 10th )
1988 – Olympic Games , Seoul ( 11th )
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1991 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Calgary
Italian emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
1990 Men 's Hockey World Cup players
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
The Carbonária was originally an anti-clerical , revolutionary , conspiratorial society , originally established in Portugal in 1822 and soon disbanded . It was allied with the Italian Carbonari . A new organization of the same name and claiming to be its continuation was founded in 1896 by Artur Augusto Duarte da Luz de Almeida . This organization agitated against the monarchy and was involved in various anti-monarchist conspiracies . Its operational units , structured into a hierarchy of barracas , choças and vendas , received military training .
On 1 February , 1908 King Carlos I of Portugal and his eldest son and heir Luis Filipe were assassinated by Alfredo Luís da Costa and Manuel Buíça in a conspiracy involving the Carbonária .
By 1910 the Carbonária had some 40,000 members and was instrumental in the Republican 5 October 1910 revolution .
References
Anti-Catholicism in Portugal
Carbonari
Anti-clericalism
1822 establishments in Portugal
Lui Pao Chuen is a military scientist who has played a pivotal role in Singaporean national development . This includes his roles as : Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Singapore Space and Technology Association ( SSTA ) ; Advisor at the Ministry of National Development ( MND ) ; Senate Member at the Management Development Institute of Singapore ( MDIS ) ; Board of Trustee Member of the Singapore University Technology and Design ( SUTD ) and Advisor of the National Research Foundation at the Prime Minister 's Office .
Radio and Space Research Station
In 1965 Chuen was appointed scientific officer in the Radio and Space Research Station in Singapore . The following year he was promoted to the Logistics Division to work as Officer-in-Charge of the Test and Evaluation Section . Ten years after his first appointment he became Special Projects Director .
MINDEF
Chuen worked at the Ministry of National Development and Defense ( MINDEF ) for more than four decades . During this time he played a pivotal role in establishing the groundwork for Singapore 's defense capacities within the army .
Awards and recognition
1975 : SAF Good Service Medal
1979 : The Public Administration Silver Medal ( Silver )
1986 : Chief Defence Scientist ( first time appointee )
1992 : The Public Administration Gold Medal
1997 : Long Service Award for three decades service in Singapore
2002 : Distinguished Alumni Award from the US Naval Postgraduate School
2002 : National Science and Technology Medal
2002 : Inducted into Naval Postgraduate School Hall of Fame
2005 : NUS Distinguished Science Alumni Award and Outstanding Service Award
2007 : NUS University Outstanding Service Award
2008 : Elected Honorary Fellow by the Institution of Engineers , Singapore
2011 : IPS President Medal
2014 : Institution of Engineers Singapore 's Lifetime Engineering Achievements Award
2015 : Inaugural Defence Technology Medal ( Outstanding Service ) from the Defence Minister
Education
Chuen has a BSc ( Hons ) in Physics from Singapore University , an MA in Operations Research and Systems Analysis . He was awarded a Postgraduate fellowship from MINDEF and from the Singapore National Academy of Science in 2011 .
References
Singaporean scientists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Singaporean academics
Pudiwada is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is located in Nagaram mandal of Tenali revenue division .
Governance
Pudiwada gram panchayat is the local self-government of the village . It is divided into wards and each ward is represented by a ward member .
Education
As per the school information report for the academic year 2018–19 , the village has a total of 5 schools . These include 2 private and 3 MPP schools .
See also
List of villages in Guntur district
References
Villages in Guntur district
Public Services International ( PSI ) is the global union federation for workers in public services , including those who work in social services , health care , municipal services , central government and public utilities . , PSI has 700 affiliated trade unions from 154 countries representing over 30 million workers .
History
In March 1907 , the executive of the German Union of Municipal and State Workers , based in Berlin , issued a call to `` workers employed in municipal and state undertakings , in power stations , in gas and waterworks , in all countries '' to attend an international conference in August 1907 , in Stuttgart . Four Danes , two Dutchmen , eight Germans , a Hungarian , a Swede and a Swiss met in the Stuttgart trade union building for the First Congress of Public Services International , representing 44,479 workers , and they founded the International Secretariat of the Workers in Public Services . This grew rapidly , and by 1913 represented more than 100,000 workers , enabling a part-time salary to be paid to the secretary , based in Berlin .
The federation ceased to operate during World War I , but was reactivated in 1919 , now based in Amsterdam . In 1925 , it renamed itself as the International Federation of Employees in Public Services , while in 1935 it absorbed the International Federation of Civil Servants , becoming the International Federation of Employees in Public and Civil Services . The headquarters moved back to Berlin in 1929 , then to Amsterdam in 1933 , and on to Paris . This closed in 1940 , and the occupying Nazi forces destroyed the federation 's property , but in 1945 the federation was relaunched at a meeting of the executive committee , held in London . The following year , it became known as the International Federation of Unions of Employees in Public and Civil Services , then in 1958 it shortened its name to become the `` Public Services International '' .
Policies
PSI is involved in the movement against privatisation of public services by corporations across the world . PSI also works against tax evasion by multinational corporations and is a founding member of the International Commission for the Reform of International Corporate Taxation . PSI 's pro-worker stance has put it at odds with the WTO , World Bank and IMF who predominantly promote market solutions .
PSI works in partnership with affiliate trade unions , other Global Union Federations and NGOs such as the World is Not For Sale Network .
Public Services International Research Unit
Financed by PSI , Public Services International Research Unit ( PSIRU ) researches the privatisation and restructuring of public services around the world , with special focus on water , energy , waste management , and healthcare . Established in 2000 , it is part of the Business School of the University of Greenwich , UK .
Leadership
General Secretaries
1907 : Albin Mohs
1919 : Nico van Hinte
1929 : Fritz Müntner
1933 : Ludwig Maier ( acting )
1933 : Ernest Michaud
1935 : Charles Laurent and Ernest Michaud
1937 : Charles Laurent
1945 : Maarten Bolle
1954 : Jaap Blom
1956 : Paul Tofahrn
1967 : Werner Barazetti
1970 : Carl Franken
1981 : Hans Engelberts
2007 : Peter Waldorff
2012 : Rosa Pavanelli
Presidents
1920 : Peter Tevenan
1932 : Charles Dukes
1937 : Mark Hewitson
1939 : Tom Williamson
1956 : Adolph Kummernuss
1964 : Gunnar Hallström
1973 : Heinz Kluncker
1985 : Victor Gotbaum
1989 : Monika Wulf-Mathies
1994 : William Lucy
2002 : Ylva Thörn
2010 : Dave Prentis
References
External links
Official website
Global union federations
Public services
Trade unions established in 1907
Glăvănești is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Frumușelu , Glăvănești , Muncelu , Putredeni and Răzeșu .
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The `` Electric Spine '' was the name for part of a , now largely cancelled , rolling programme of railway electrification projects in England initially estimated to cost £800 million , but later thought to cost close to £3 billion . The aim was to form 25 kV AC overhead-wire electrified links northward from the Port of Southampton to major cities in northern and central England and a dry port container terminal in the Midlands . The government wanted efficient electric-hauled freight trains to compete with road haulage .
In 2012 , the spine was set to be completed within Network Rail 's Control Period 5 ( CP5 , 2014–2019 ) . This was not the case , because various works were delayed , suspended for several months , moved into Control Period 6 ( CP6 , starting in 2019 ) , and then scrapped altogether ( despite various preliminary work , like bridge replacement , having been conducted ) .
Other works associated with the project were to have included gauge clearance for large shipping containers and electrified connections to adjacent electrified routes , depots and freight facilities .
The north–south axis of the link leads to the spine name .
Routes
A high-capacity passenger and freight corridor will run from the south coast through Basingstoke and Reading to Oxford , where it will split . One branch will run to Leamington Spa , Coventry , and the west Midlands , and another will use the re-instated East West Rail to Bletchley ( Milton Keynes ) for the West Coast Main Line ( WCML ) ( to the West Midlands , North-West England and Scotland ) , and also onward to Bedford for the Midland Main Line to the East Midlands , Sheffield and South Yorkshire .
Constituent projects
The various projects to create the spine are at different stages of development , and will be completed at different times . The initially prioritised works are fully planned and under way as part of CP5 ( i.e. , works for 2014–2019 ) . Some projects will be planned and undertaken in CP5 , others will be planned in CP5 for completion in the following Control Period , and some remain yet to be firmly committed to .
Initially prioritized works ( 2014–2019 )
East West Rail
The rebuilt East West Rail from ( via Bicester and Bletchley ) to Bedford was to be electrified as an integral part of the Electric Spine . This was to include the Oxford to Bicester Line , a rehabilitated stretch of the Buckinghamshire Railway from Bicester to Bletchley ( and a junction with the West Coast Main Line ) , and the Marston Vale Line from Bletchley to Bedford ( where it meets the Midland Main Line ) . The Bicester to Bletchley section is to be double track with a line speed of . This phase was due to be completed in 2019 , but by August 2016 , it became clear that completion of the section was no longer expected by 2019 , and might even slip beyond 2024 . As of April 2015 , electrification and track upgrade of the Bletchley to Bedford section was planned , but greater work on the East West Rail than that scheduled for CP5 would be needed to achieve the Electric Spine . In August 2017 , the Transport Secretary announced that he had defunded electrification of the line .
Midland Main Line
The electrification of the MML northward from its limit at to Derby was originally scheduled for completion by 2019 , but the work was `` paused '' in June 2015 despite significant progress having already been made . The electrification to Derby and beyond ( e.g. , from Trent Junction via to —completion originally due in December 2020—and also to Doncaster—originally due June 2021 ) will be much delayed . On 30 September 2015 , the Department for Transport announced the resumption of the work with revised completion dates of 2019 for Corby and Kettering and 2023 for the line further north to Leicester , Nottingham and Sheffield . Again the upgrade to the line north of Kettering was shelved in July 2017 by the Transport Secretary .
Bridges and other structures have been replaced to allow space for the overhead cables and also a larger loading gauge .
The electrification and modernisation of the section from Kettering to Market Harborough is in progress as of December 2021 . In addition , the Integrated Rail Plan for the North and Midlands published by the DfT on 18 November 2021 shows electrification of the entire line to Sheffield .
Derby and Leicester station areas remodelling
Derby railway station , a junction station on the MML , received remodelled track and signalling : trains approaching from the north are segregated from those approaching from the south and west , thus removing the previous bottleneck at the station . The work was originally set for completion in December 2017 , but was later pushed to summer 2018 . The MML around Leicester was also being considered for capacity-improvement , but with plans being less well developed than those for Derby , and are due to be finalised in CP6 .
Electrification of the Great Western Main Line and the Reading to Basingstoke Line
Part of the electrified Great Western Main Line ( GWML ) ( from Reading to Didcot ) would form part of the Electric Spine . The electrification of this part of the GWML will also include the Cherwell Valley Line from Didcot Parkway to Oxford , which was announced in 2009 as part of the 21st Century modernisation of the GWML . A freight curve at Reading bypasses the station and connects the GWML to the Reading to Basingstoke Line ( 14 miles ) , which will take the spine south to Basingstoke and onward to Southampton . The Didcot to Oxford electrification , under way and initially due for completion in 2016 , was delayed indefinitely in November 2016 . The Reading to Basingstoke electrification , planned as part of CP5 , had no expected completion date .
Leamington Spa to Coventry line
Of the western branch of the spine from Oxford , only the Coventry to Leamington Line ( 9 miles ) was initially prioritized for the 2014–2019 period of works . It was to have been electrified and the track doubled . However , it—along with other works—has been delayed into CP6 .
Required works not scheduled for 2014–2019
Overall , the line north from Oxford to Nuneaton is scheduled for `` single option development '' ( the stage before detailed design ) within CP6 , and no completion date is given . This includes the northern part of the Cherwell Valley Line from Oxford to its junction with the Chiltern Main Line near Aynho , south of Banbury ; the Chiltern Main Line from Banbury to ( Oxford to Leamington : 43 miles ) ; the Coventry to Leamington line and the Coventry to Nuneaton Line ( roughly 9 miles each ) .
The South West Main Line , which runs 34 miles from Basingstoke to Southampton and its port , is currently third rail 750V DC electrified , and will eventually be converted to 25 kV AC overhead wires . This test-section of re-electrification will assess the feasibility of the wider conversion of the third-rail electric network to overhead wires . As mentioned above , electrification from Bletchley to Bedford is also not yet scheduled . Network Rail intends to develop plans for both projects in CP6 .
Reactions
The managing director of GB Railfreight , John Smith , has questioned the prioritisation of the Electric Spine over other freight routes : `` I [ do not ] really understand some of the details of the electric spine . We are reviving and electrifying a stretch of railway between Oxford and Bletchley that 's been out of use for 20 years , before we electrify across Suffolk [ for access to the Port of Felixstowe ] , double the Felixstowe branch or deal with the Immingham approaches . '' He stated that `` the majority of electrification schemes in the UK [ are to ] support the passenger network . ''
Other freight companies ' managers also have doubts in the project 's benefit to freight transport given the lack of priority given to the lines to the major ports .
See also
Campaign to Electrify Britain 's Railways
Felixstowe–Nuneaton railway upgrade
Proposed railway electrification in Great Britain
References
Rail infrastructure in the United Kingdom
Proposed rail infrastructure in England
The discography of Michael W. Smith , an American contemporary Christian musician , consists of 15 studio albums and 80 singles as well as multiple holiday albums , compilation albums , instrumental albums , and video releases . Smith has sold over 18 million albums as of May 2018 . He has recorded more top-ten albums on the Billboard Christian Albums chart ( 31 ) than any other artist , and his 16 No . 1 albums on the chart are second only to Amy Grant .
In 1982 , Smith was hired as a keyboardist for Grant and began writing and performing on her albums as well as touring with her as an opening act at her concerts . His first album , Michael W. Smith Project ( 1983 ) , charted at No . 9 on the Billboard Christian Albums chart and was his first album to be certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . His next albums , Michael W. Smith 2 ( 1984 ) and The Big Picture ( 1986 ) , also charted in the top ten , but attempts to market The Big Picture to mainstream audiences did not succeed . I 2 ( EYE ) ( 1988 ) became Smith 's first No . 1 album on the Christian Albums chart and his second gold album , and seven of its singles reached the top ten on the CCM Update Christian radio charts .
Go West Young Man ( 1990 ) became Smith 's first album to chart on the Billboard 200 , and the singles `` Place in This World '' and `` For You '' peaked at Nos . 6 and 60 on the Billboard Hot 100 . The album was certified platinum by the RIAA and certified gold by Music Canada . Change Your World ( 1992 ) and I 'll Lead You Home ( 1995 ) also received platinum certifications . `` I Will Be Here for You '' , the lead single from Change Your World , topped the adult contemporary charts in the United States and Canada while charting at No . 8 in Canada and No . 27 on the Hot 100 , and I 'll Lead You Home was the first Christian album to debut in the top 20 on the Billboard 200 .
Live the Life ( 1998 ) , This Is Your Time ( 1999 ) , and Healing Rain ( 2004 ) all received gold certifications ; other gold-certified albums include the compilation album The First Decade ( 1983–1993 ) ( 1993 ) , the holiday albums Christmas ( 1989 ) and Christmastime ( 1998 ) , and the instrumental release Freedom ( 2000 ) . Smith 's live albums Worship ( 2001 ) and Worship Again ( 2002 ) have been certified double platinum and platinum , respectively , by the RIAA . His album Sovereign ( 2014 ) debuted at No . 10 on the Billboard 200 , his highest career ranking on the chart . His most recent studio album , A Million Lights ( 2018 ) , was released a week apart from his live album Surrounded ( 2018 ) ; both albums charted at No . 2 on the Christian Albums chart .
Albums
Studio albums
Box sets
Compilation albums
Holiday albums
Instrumental albums
Live albums
Other albums
Videos
Singles
1980s
1990s
2000–present
{ | class= '' wikitable plainrowheaders '' style= '' text-align : center ; ''
|+ List of singles , with chart positions
|-
! scope= '' col '' rowspan= '' 2 '' style= '' width:14em ; '' | Title
! scope= '' col '' rowspan= '' 2 '' style= '' width:1em ; '' | Year
! scope= '' col '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Peak chart positions
! scope= '' col '' rowspan= '' 2 '' style= '' width:8em ; '' | Certifications
! scope= '' col '' rowspan= '' 2 '' | Album
|-
! style= '' width:3em ; font-size:90 % '' |USAC
! style= '' width:3em ; font-size:90 % '' |US Christ .
! style= '' width:3em ; font-size:90 % '' |Christ . Airplay
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' I Will Be Your Friend ''
|rowspan= '' 3 '' |2000
| — || colspan= '' 2 '' | —
|
|rowspan= '' 3 '' |This Is Your Time
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' I Still Have the Dream ''
| — || colspan= '' 2 '' | —
|
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' Worth It All ''
| — || colspan= '' 2 '' | —
|
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' Above All ''
|2001
| — || colspan= '' 2 '' | —
|
|rowspan= '' 3 '' | Worship
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' Breathe ''
|rowspan= '' 3 '' | 2002
| — || colspan= '' 2 '' | —
|-
! scope= '' row '' | '' Canto Ancora/Sing Again ''
| 2022 || - || - ||
|
| non-album single
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Notes
References
General
Specific
External links
Discography
Discographies of American artists
Christian music discographies
Pop music discographies
Merlin Joseph Guilfoyle ( July 15 , 1908 – November 20 , 1981 ) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church . He served as bishop of the Diocese of Stockton from 1969 to 1979 . He previously served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of San Francisco from 1950 to 1969 .
Biography
Early life
Merlin Guilfoyle was born on July 15 , 1908 , in San Francisco , California , to John Joseph and Teresa ( née Bassity ) Guilfoyle . His parents ' home was destroyed in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake . Prior to Guilfoyle 's birth , they returned to San Francisco from two years living in Oakland , California .
Guilfoyle attended St. James Boys ' School in San Francisco from 1914 to 1922 , and St. Joseph 's College in Mountain View from 1922 to 1927 . He then studied ( 1927-1933 ) at St. Patrick 's Seminary in Menlo Park .
Priesthood
Guilfoyle was ordained to the priesthood on June 10 , 1933 . In 1937 , he earned a Doctor of Canon Law degree from the Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C . He became a domestic prelate in 1949 , and was co-founder and chaplain of the St. Thomas More Society .
Auxiliary Bishop of San Francisco
On August 24 , 1950 , Guilfoyle was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of San Francisco and titular bishop of Bulla by Pope Pius XII . He received his episcopal consecration on September 21 , 1950 , from Archbishop John Mitty , with Bishops James Sweeney and Hugh Donohoe serving as co-consecrators .
In addition to his duties as bishop , Guilfoyle served as rector of Mission San Francisco de Asís ( 1950-1969 ) and military vicar of armed forces for the Archdiocese of San Francisco and the Dioceses of Monterey-Fresno , Sacramento , Reno , and Salt Lake City . On October 3 , 1955 , Guilfoyle dedicated a statue of Francis of Assisi by artist Beniamino Bufano at St. Francis of Assisi Church in San Francisco .
Bishop of Stockton
Guilfoyle was named the second bishop of the Diocese of Stockton by Pope Paul VI on November 12 , 1969 . He was installed on January 13 , 1970 .
Retirement and legacy
On September 4 , 1979 . Pope Paul II accepted Guilfoyle 's resignation as bishop of the Diocese of Stockton . Merlin Guilfoyle died in Stockton , California , on November 20 , 1981 , at age 73 .
On July 17 , 1998 , a jury awarded two brothers $ 40 million in a sexual abuse lawsuit against the Diocese of Stockton . Joh and James Howard said they were molested as altar boys by Reverend Oliver Francis O'Grady , a priest at St. Ann 's Parish in Lodi , California , starting in the 1970 's . O'Grady had received 14 years in prison for molesting the boys . In 1976 , O'Grady had admitted to Guilfoyle directly that he had inappropriately touched Nancy Sloan-Ferguson , then an 11 year old girl . In response , Guilfoyle transferred him to another parish and sent him to counseling - he did not suspend his privileges or notify police . Guilfoyle continued to abuse children . The lawsuit accused the diocese of negligence .
See also
References
1908 births
1981 deaths
People from San Francisco
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco
Roman Catholic bishops of Stockton
Saint Patrick 's Seminary and University alumni
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Catholic University of America alumni
The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste is the fourth studio album by American industrial metal band Ministry , released on November 14 , 1989 by Sire Records . The music took a more hardcore , aggressively guitar-driven direction , with Jourgensen inspired by Stormtroopers of Death and Rigor Mortis to add thrash metal guitars to the album and subsequent Ministry releases . As with most of Ministry 's work , the album 's lyrics deal mainly with political corruption , cultural violence , environmental degradation , nuclear war , drug addiction , and insanity .
Background
Jourgensen recalled the band 's state as dysfunctional and the album 's production as `` complete chaos and mayhem '' , which gave the band a level of artistic freedom impossible had they planned it . Jourgensen says that despite being a fan favorite , it is not among his favorites because of the condition he was in at the time ; he was heavily into drugs during recording and had a poor relationship with his bandmates . In one instance , he chased bassist Paul Barker around the studio with a chair and hit him on the head with it because he `` could n't stand him anymore '' . Jourgensen credited the era , the city , and the atmosphere at Chicago Trax Studios for the album . Bill Rieflin and Chris Connelly instead attributed the album 's sound to the band 's interest in technology .
For pre-production , Rieflin said he and Barker watched films for a month , sampling anything that caught their interest . Instead of writing music , they all improvised individually , rarely collaborating with each other . Connelly compared it to exquisite corpse , a Surrealist technique in which an artistic work is created collaboratively without any of the participants having knowledge of the others ' contribution . Rieflin cited `` So What '' as the only track to feature two musicians in the studio at the same time .
After playing with the band on The Land of Rape and Honeys tour , Dave Ogilvie collaborated on this album . The New York-based rapper K-Lite sang vocals on `` Test '' . Jourgensen said that Ministry and K-Lite had been recording songs at the same time at the studio . Both Jourgensen and K-Lite were impressed with the aggressiveness of each other 's music , and Jourgensen invited him to contribute vocals for a track . Rieflin had previously recorded drums and bass after he became frustrated waiting for the others to contribute music to the track ; Barker said he thinks that Rieflin played all the instruments on the song .
The female spoken word part of `` Dream Song '' is a recorded conversation with Angelina Lukacin , Jourgensen 's future , and now ex- , wife . Jourgensen had met her while on tour in Canada and , impressed with her entertaining personality , called her on the phone several times while working on the album . Jourgensen recalled the conversations as her `` babbling about dreams and angels '' while high . Lukacin herself said `` Dream Song '' was a poem she wrote after having a dream about an angel . She did not know she was being recorded but enjoyed the song .
Album title and art
The title of the album is a reference to the UNCF 's slogan , `` A mind is a terrible thing to waste '' . Jourgensen was further inspired by the `` Just Say No '' anti-drug campaign . Rieflin said the other band members groaned when they heard it , but Jourgensen had the final say in naming . According to Connelly , the album art was inspired by a television program Jourgensen saw where migraine sufferers painted images of their pain . The image itself was a picture of an x-ray from a studio receptionist 's mother , who had been in a car accident and received a metal plate . Jourgensen said he wanted that as the album artwork as soon as he found out about it , but the other band members disliked it . Barker praised the concept but said the execution was poor .
Release
The album peaked at # 163 in the US and was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales in excess of 500,000 units in December 1995 . `` Burning Inside '' reached # 23 on Billboards Hot Modern Rock Tracks .
Reception
Music critic Tom Moon included the album in his book 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die , calling it `` one of the great works of industrial music '' and an influential album that is `` way ahead of its time '' . In rating it 4.5/5 stars , AllMusic reviewer Marc van der Pol described it as a `` wonderful album '' that avoids the clichés common to industrial rock . Bill Wyman of the Chicago Tribune rated it 3/4 stars and called it Ministry 's `` best-sounding , most assured and consistent album '' . The A.V . Club , though praising the album 's other tracks , described `` Test '' as `` a novelty genre exercise from which Mind barely recovers '' . The A.V . Club also wrote about `` So What '' , including it on a list of the best songs written from the point of view of a crazy person . They called it `` the most obvious and best-executed '' of Ministry 's songs about violent psychosis .
Track listing
Samples
`` Thieves ''
`` Get up ! Get on your feet ! '' `` You will not kill ! '' `` I ca n't hear you ! '' – dialogue from R. Lee Ermey 's drill instructor character in Full Metal Jacket . Jourgensen later attributed these samples to Kubrick 's interest in having the band appear in A.I . Artificial Intelligence .
`` I want peace . '' – Former U.S. President Richard Nixon .
`` We are fighting for the liberation of man . Not for the rights of these pigs . The rights of society ! '' `` We 're going to rip this motherfucker off , we 're going to tear this motherfucker down . '' `` I hope they realize this is their last god damned chance ! '' `` Power to the people ! '' from The War at Home documentary .
`` Burning Inside ''
( Intro of warning horn and synthesizer tones ) - John Carpenter 's The Thing ( klaxons ) and John Carpenter 's Prince of Darkness ( original score ) .
`` Cannibal Song ''
`` The mind is a labyrinth . '' is from the film Hellbound : Hellraiser II .
`` Breathe ''
`` Opening musical sequence ( first 30 seconds ) '' - taken from the film Cry Freedom .
`` So What ''
The dialogue spoken during the song ( `` You have had all that money can give you '' , `` Kill for a thrill '' , etc . ) is from the judge 's summing up at the end of the Ed Wood-scripted film The Violent Years .
`` Go ahead ! `` , `` Assassin ... '' and the laughter sample are from the film Scarface .
`` Faith Collapsing ''
The song was inspired by a sample from Fahrenheit 451 , and the band brainstormed from there . Other samples include Ingsoc propaganda from 1984 .
`` Dream Song ''
Features the Bulgarian State Television Female Vocal Choir singing the song `` Kalimankou Denkou '' off of the 1975 compilation album Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares .
Personnel
Ministry
Alien Jourgensen – vocals ( 1-3 , 5 , 6 ) , guitars , programming , production
Paul Barker – bass , programming , production
Additional personnel
Bill Rieflin – drums , programming , background vocals ( 8 )
Mars Williams – saxophone ( 4 )
Chris Connelly – lead vocals ( 3 , 4 ) , background vocals ( 5 , 6 )
The Grand Wizard ( K. Lite ) – vocals ( 7 )
Joe Kelly – background vocals ( 1 )
Kyle McKeough – background vocals ( 6 )
Jeff Ward – background vocals ( 5 )
Dave Ogilvie – background vocals ( 5 , 8 ) , engineer
The Slogan God ( Tommie Boyskee ) – vocals ( 7 )
Bobbie DiBartollo – background vocals ( 8 )
Angela Lukacen – vocals ( 9 )
Keith Auerbach – engineer
Jeff Newell – engineer
Julian Herzfeld - engineer
`` Dog '' – cover design
`` Ill '' – cover design
Maura – cover design
Tom Young – cover photos
Tom Baker – mastering
Charts
References
1989 albums
Ministry ( band ) albums
Albums produced by Al Jourgensen
Sire Records albums
Warner Records albums
Jacopo Pellegrini ( born 12 September 2000 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Reggiana on loan from Sassuolo .
Club career
Pellegrini made his professional debut for Sassuolo in a 2–1 Coppa Italia loss to Perugia on 4 December 2019 .
On 23 May 2020 he signed his first professional contract for Sassuolo .
On 8 September 2020 he joined Serie C club Gubbio on loan .
On 22 July 2021 , he moved to Pordenone in Serie B on a season-long loan .
On 13 July 2022 , Pellegrini joined Reggiana on loan .
References
External links
Serie A Profile
2000 births
Sportspeople from Reggio Emilia
Living people
Association football forwards
Italian footballers
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio players
A.S. Gubbio 1910 players
Pordenone Calcio players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Serie C players
Serie B players
Footballers from Emilia-Romagna
Magnesiopascoite is a bright orange mineral with formula Ca2Mg ( V10O28 ) ·16H2O . It was discovered in the U.S. state of Utah and formally described in 2008 . The mineral 's name derives from its status as the magnesium analogue of pascoite .
Description
Magnesiopascoite is a member of the pascoite group and is the magnesium analogue of pascoite . It is transparent and bright orange in color , occurring as intergrown , parallel stackings of crystals up to several millimeters in the largest dimension . The crystals vary from tabular to equant to prismatic . The mineral dissolves slowly in water and quickly in cold , dilute hydrochloric acid . It decomposes rapidly when mildly heated , likely as a result of dehydration .
Structure and composition
The crystal structure of magnesiopascoite consists of the decavanadate anion ( V10O28 ) 6− and interstitial { Ca2Mg ( H2O ) 16 } 6+ consisting of Mg ( H2O ) 6 octahedra and seven-fold coordinated CaO2 ( H2O ) 5 . The structure differs from that of pascoite primarily in cation coordination in the interstitial complex . In addition to calcium and magnesium , magnesiopascoite contains minute quantities of zinc and cobalt .
History
Joe Marty discovered specimens of magnesiopascoite in San Juan County , Utah , in the Blue Cap mine and the nearby Vanadium Queen mine . The mineral was named `` magnesiopascoite '' because it is the magnesium analogue of pascoite . The mineral and name were approved by the IMA Commission on New Minerals , Nomenclature and Classification ( IMA 2007-025 ) . Magnesiopascoite was described in 2008 in the journal Canadian Mineralogist . The two cotype specimens are held at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County in the US State of California .
Occurrence
In the area of the type locality , the reducing environment caused by carbonaceous material in the Salt Wash and Brushy Basin members of the Morrison Formation precipitated uranium and vanadium minerals from solution . After mining , subsequent leaching and oxidation by groundwater created magnesiopascoite . The mineral has been found in association with gypsum , martyite , montroseite , pyrite and rossite .
References
Bibliography
External links
Photos of magnesiopascoite from Mindat.org
Monoclinic minerals
Minerals in space group 12
Calcium minerals
Magnesium minerals
Vanadate minerals
Hydrates
Minerals described in 2008
The 1968 Islington Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Choi Min-yong ( born June 6 , 1977 ) is a South Korean actor . He is best known for his role in the hit sitcom High Kick ! . He was a cast member in the MBC 's variety show We Got Married with comedian Jang Do-yeon .
Filmography
Television series
Film
Variety show
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
Male actors from Seoul
20th-century South Korean male actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
The Philberds was a preparatory school based in a house in Holyport , near Maidenhead , Berkshire , on the site of one which Charles II had given to Nell Gwyn . The name derives from a family which owned land in the area in mediaeval times .
History
The school was founded in 1862 by the Reverend Frederick W.S . Price , who had previously founded a school at Tarvin in Cheshire which he had moved to Mostyn House in 1855 . The initial school fee was 80 guineas per annum .
In 1885 , the Revd . Price retired , leaving the school in the charge of his son Edward .
The school survived until the start of World War I . During the war , the manor building was used as an internment camp for German prisoners of war , and in 1919 was demolished .
Old Philberdians F.C .
The Rev . Price founded an association football club , the Old Philberdians , for the old boys and masters of the school , for which he regularly played as captain ; the first such recorded match being a 0-0 draw in a 12-a-side match against Maidenhead in April 1875 . By 1877–78 the Old Philberdians were playing regularly against teams in the Berkshire area , and the club was strong enough to beat the established teams of Marlow and the Remnants .
In 1879–80 , the club reached the final of the Berkshire & Buckinghamshire Senior Cup , having beaten Maidenhead away 7-0 en route . Following two draws with the Swifts ( in Maidenhead and Reading ) , the clubs agreed to share the trophy .
The club was one of the first fifteen members of the Berkshire and Buckinghamshire Football Association and in 1880–81 entered the FA Cup for the only time . The club withdrew when drawn away to Pilgrims ; three of the club 's key players ( the Wild brothers and Arnott ) played instead for the Swifts .
Following that season , the club did not play competitively on either the local or national stage . Old Philberdians continued until at least 1889 , with annual matches against Guy 's Hospital .
Notable individuals associated with the school
Pupils :
John Challen , cricketer for Somerset and football international for Wales ( played at least two games for the Old Philberdians in 1877 )
Major Alexis Charles Doxat VC
William Pasteur , discoverer of atelectasis
Vice-Admiral Cecil Vivian Usborne , Director of Naval Intelligence
Teachers :
Charles Henry Major , chief justice of British Guiana ( schoolmaster and goalkeeper for the Old Philberdians )
Graham Wallas , political scientist ( Latin teacher )
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct schools in England
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
In mathematics , an ultragraph C * -algebra is a universal C * -algebra generated by partial isometries on a collection of Hilbert spaces constructed from the ultragraphpg 6-7 . These C * -algebras were created in order to simultaneously generalize the classes of graph C * -algebras and Exel–Laca algebras , giving a unified framework for studying these objects . This is because every graph can be encoded as an ultragraph , and similarly , every infinite graph giving an Exel-Laca algebras can also be encoded as an ultragraph .
Definitions
Ultragraphs
An ultragraph consists of a set of vertices , a set of edges , a source map , and a range map taking values in the power set collection of nonempty subsets of the vertex set . A directed graph is the special case of an ultragraph in which the range of each edge is a singleton , and ultragraphs may be thought of as generalized directed graph in which all edges start at a single vertex and points to a nonempty subset of vertices .
Example
An easy way to visualize an ultragraph is to consider a directed graph with a set of labelled vertices , where each label corresponds to a subset in the image of an element of the range map . For example , given an ultragraph with vertices and edge labels , with source an range mapscan be visualized as the image on the right .
Ultragraph algebras
Given an ultragraph , we define to be the smallest subset of containing the singleton sets , containing the range sets , and closed under intersections , unions , and relative complements . A Cuntz–Krieger -family is a collection of projections together with a collection of partial isometries with mutually orthogonal ranges satisfying
, , for all ,
for all ,
whenever is a vertex that emits a finite number of edges , and
for all .
The ultragraph C * -algebra is the universal C * -algebra generated by a Cuntz–Krieger -family .
Properties
Every graph C * -algebra is seen to be an ultragraph algebra by simply considering the graph as a special case of an ultragraph , and realizing that is the collection of all finite subsets of and for each . Every Exel–Laca algebras is also an ultragraph C * -algebra : If is an infinite square matrix with index set and entries in , one can define an ultragraph by , , , and . It can be shown that is isomorphic to the Exel–Laca algebra .
Ultragraph C * -algebras are useful tools for studying both graph C * -algebras and Exel–Laca algebras . Among other benefits , modeling an Exel–Laca algebra as ultragraph C * -algebra allows one to use the ultragraph as a tool to study the associated C * -algebras , thereby providing the option to use graph-theoretic techniques , rather than matrix techniques , when studying the Exel–Laca algebra . Ultragraph C * -algebras have been used to show that every simple AF-algebra is isomorphic to either a graph C * -algebra or an Exel–Laca algebra . They have also been used to prove that every AF-algebra with no ( nonzero ) finite-dimensional quotient is isomorphic to an Exel–Laca algebra .
While the classes of graph C * -algebras , Exel–Laca algebras , and ultragraph C * -algebras each contain C * -algebras not isomorphic to any C * -algebra in the other two classes , the three classes have been shown to coincide up to Morita equivalence .
See also
Leavitt path algebra
Exel–Laca algebras
Infinite matrix
Infinite graph
Notes
C * -algebras
Graph theory
Bezq ( ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,153 , in 294 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
A Day by the Sea is a 1953 play by the British writer N. C. Hunter , first produced in 1953 .
First productions
After premiering at the Royal Court Theatre , Liverpool on 26 October 1953 the play transferred to the Haymarket Theatre in the West End of London , where it ran for 386 performances from 26 November 1953 to 30 October 1954 . John Gielgud directed the production .
The play had its American premiere in Los Angeles on 17 August 1955 , before the production was taken to San Francisco and then to Broadway . On 26 September 1955 it opened in New York at the ANTA Theatre , running for 24 performances . The director was Cedric Hardwicke .
Original casts
Source : Wearing and IBDB .
Plot
There is little incident in the play , which is a study of the various characters rather than a narrative . It is set in and near the Dorset country house of Laura Anson , a brisk and sensible elderly woman , determined to keep the family home going , though worried that once she is dead nobody will succeed her in this . Her son , Julian , is a workaholic diplomat who abruptly realises that his obsession with his work has left him without a personal life . He attempts to interest the widowed , emotionally damaged Frances , but after two disastrous marriages she can not face another deep personal relationship . David Anson , Julian 's uncle , is an octogenarian who muses on the transitory nature of life . The governess , Miss Mathieson , despairs of finding a husband and makes an unsuccessful attempt to engage the affections of the bibulous but shrewd Dr Farley . While the characters are having a picnic on the beach a Foreign Office official comes to tell Julian he is no longer required in the embassy in Paris and must return to London .
Critical reception
The play divided the critics . There was general agreement that the piece was reminiscent of the plays of Chekhov , but some found it static and lacking Chekhovian depth . Ivor Brown in The Observer called it `` second rate … a competent pastiche of Russian fin de siècle theatre '' , albeit `` very handsomely '' done . Others found it thoughtful and touching . The Times called it `` essentially a poetic theme – treated gently , stylishly , prosaically '' . The Spectator said , `` Frustration and nostalgia are the predominant themes of the play , given fine acting , direction , and production '' . The critic J. C. Trewin called it `` a curiously undramatic , derivative piece … but its lingering tenderness can find the heart . '' The reviewer in The Sphere said , `` Mr Hunter skilfully depicts a household more than usually stocked with unfulfilled lives '' .
Revival
The play was revived in London at the Southwark Playhouse in 2017 , with John Sackville in the leading role of Julian .
Adaptations
A Day by the Sea has twice been adapted for British television . In 1959 Associated Television broadcast a production with Gielgud ( in his first television role ) and Megs Jenkins reprising their stage parts , and Gladys Cooper ( Laura ) , Nicholas Hannen ( David ) , Roger Livesey ( Dr Farley ) and Margaret Leighton ( Frances ) as co-stars . The second adaptation , by the BBC ( 1964 ) starred Gwen Ffrangcon-Davies ( Laura ) , Robert Flemyng ( Julian ) , Rachel Gurney ( Frances ) and Felix Aylmer ( David ) .
The BBC broadcast radio adaptations of the play in 1955 and 1991 . The first , produced by Val Gielgud , featured Julian Anson : Robert Eddison ( Julian ) , Gladys Young ( Laura ) , Gwen Cherrell ( Frances ) , John Turnbull ( David ) , Belle Chrystall ( Miss Mathieson ) and Brewster Mason ( Dr Farley ) . The second starred Wendy Hiller ( Laura ) , Richard Pasco ( Julian ) , Alan Wheatley ( David ) , Michael Hordern ( Dr Farley ) and Barbara Leigh Hunt ( Frances ) .
References
Sources
1953 plays
West End plays
Plays by N.C. Hunter
The One Hundred Twenty-fifth Ohio General Assemblies was the legislative body of the state of Ohio in 2003 and 2004 . In this General Assembly , both the Ohio Senate and the Ohio House of Representatives were controlled by the Republican Party . In the Senate , there were 22 Republicans and 11 Democrats . In the House , there were 63 Republicans and 36 Democrats . It is also the first General Assembly to use redistricted legislative districts after the 2000 Census .
Major events
Vacancies
March 4 , 2003 : Representative Jeffrey Manning ( R-57th ) resigns to become Lorain County , Ohio Prosecutor .
August 31 , 2003 : Senator Leigh Herington ( D-28th ) resigns .
December 2 , 2003 : Representative Dean DePiero ( D-15th ) resigns to become Mayor of Parma , Ohio .
January 6 , 2004 : Senator James E. Carnes ( R-20th ) resigns .
January 16 , 2004 : Representative Greg Jolivette ( R-54th ) resigns to become a Commissioner in Butler County , Ohio .
March 5 , 2004 : Representative Bryan C. Williams ( R-41 ) resigns to become Chair of Summit County , Ohio Board of Elections .
Appointments
January 6 , 2003 : Steve Stivers appointed to Senate District 16 due to the resignation of Priscilla D. Mead .
January 6 , 2003 : Marc Dann appointed to Senate District 32 due to the resignation of Tim Ryan .
April 8 , 2003 : Earl Martin appointed to House District 57 due to the resignation of Jeffrey Manning .
September 3 , 2003 : Kimberly Zurz appointed to Senate District 28 due to the resignation of Leigh Herington .
December 2 , 2003 : Timothy J. DeGeeter appointed to House District 15 due to the resignation of Dean DePiero .
January 6 , 2004 : Joy Padgett appointed to the 20th Senatorial District due to the resignation of James E. Carnes .
January 21 , 2004 : Courtney Combs appointed to House District 54 due to the resignation of Greg Jolivette .
March 5 , 2004 : Marilyn Slaby appointed to House District 41 due to the resignation of Bryan C. Williams .
Leadership changes
January 6 , 2004 : John Boccieri resigns from Assistant Minority Whip ; Lance Mason appointed .
Senate
Leadership
Majority leadership
President of the Senate : Doug White
President pro tempore of the Senate : Jeff Jacobson
Floor Leader : Randy Gardner
Assistant Majority Floor Leader : Robert Spada
Whip : Steve Austria
Assistant Majority Whip : Jay Hottinger
Minority leadership
Leader : Greg DiDonato
Assistant Leader : Mark Mallory
Whip : C.J . Prentiss
Assistant Whip : Teresa Fedor
Members of the 125th Ohio Senate
House of Representatives
Leadership
Majority leadership
Speaker of the House : Larry Householder
President pro tempore of the Senate : Gary Cates
Floor Leader : Patricia Clancy
Assistant Majority Floor Leader : Steve Buehrer
Majority Whip : Jim Trakas
Assistant Majority Whip : Jon Peterson
Minority leadership
Leader : Chris Redfern
Assistant Leader : Joyce Beatty
Whip : Dale Miller
Assistant Whip : John Boccieri ( January 6 , 2003-January 6 , 2004 ) , Lance Mason ( January 6 , 2004- )
Members of the 125th Ohio House of Representatives
Appt.- Member was appointed to current House Seat
See also
Ohio House of Representatives membership , 126th General Assembly
Ohio House of Representatives membership , 125th General Assembly
References
Ohio House of Representatives official website
Project Vote Smart - State House of Ohio
Map of Ohio House Districts
Ohio District Maps 2002-2012
State Representative Official Tabulation : November 5 , 2002 Ohio Secretary of State
State Senate Official Tabulation : November 5 , 2002 Ohio Secretary of State
Ohio legislative sessions
2003 in Ohio
2004 in Ohio
Ohio
Ohio
Matjaž Kozelj ( born 12 March 1970 ) is a retired swimmer from Slovenia . He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the 100 m and 200 m butterfly events , but did not reach the finals .
References
1970 births
Living people
Male butterfly swimmers
Slovenian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Maribor
Breakout is a 2013 Canadian action thriller film written and directed by Damian Lee starring Dominic Purcell and Brendan Fraser . It was released to straight-to-DVD in the United States on September 17 , 2013 .
Plot
In the Ontario province of Canada , Jack Damson ( Brendan Fraser ) is an ecologically conscious father . During a protest in the woods by Jack and his group , Jack notices a logger viciously assaulting a woman from Jack 's group . Jack tries to stop the logger , and when the logger tries to fight Jack , he ends up knocking the logger down . The logger accidentally hits his head on a rock , and sustains a fatal head injury . Jack is imprisoned for that . The logger who was killed worked for a powerful company called Conpine , which hates environmentalists .
Now , 8 years later , Jack 's wife Maria ( Amy Price-Francis ) , who is also his attorney , is living with their 17-year-old daughter Jenny ( Holly Deveaux ) and 13-year-old son Mikey ( Christian Martyn ) . Jack 's friend Chuck ( Daniel Kash ) , a fellow environmentalist , invites Jenny and Mikey to go camping in the woods . Jenny has become bitter during the past 8 years . Jenny thinks that Jack loves his cause more than he loves her .
Maria visits Jack , and says that Conpine is offering him a deal—Jack will be freed in two weeks if he consults for Conpine , and no longer slams Conpine in the media . Maria says that she will give herself and Jack another chance together if he agrees to the deal , so Jack agrees , even though he is not a fan of the deal because he does n't like Conpine .
A man named Tommy Baxter ( Dominic Purcell ) travels , in his pick-up truck , with his mentally handicapped younger brother Kenny ( Ethan Suplee ) from Georgia to a cabin that Tommy has rented for them in Ontario—in the same forest that Chuck , Jenny , and Mikey are camping in .
Tommy and Kenny had an abusive mother , who was a hooker . She regularly beat them with a fireplace poker , and turned tricks in the bed next to them . Now , Tommy 's temper bubbles to the surface , and he kills a convenience store clerk named Mack ( Adnan Pjevic ) , because Mack callously made fun of Kenny .
Later , the cabin 's landlord , Harkin ( Layton Morrison ) , shows up and tries to evict them from the cabin because he rented it to someone else after Tommy 's check bounced , so Tommy kills Harkin too , but Tommy is spotted by Mikey . Tommy , who has a rifle , pursues Jenny and Mikey .
Jenny and Mikey find Chuck , and tell him what happened . Chuck knows he has to get Jenny and Mikey out of the woods . But Tommy takes Chuck hostage , ties him to the front of the pick-up truck , and orders him to tell Jenny and Mikey to come to him , or Tommy will kill Chuck . But Chuck tells them to run instead .
Jenny loses her cell phone , and a confused Kenny finds the phone and calls Maria , believing that she 's his mother . After Kenny hangs up , Maria calls 911 , and the cops coldly tell Maria that Jenny and Mikey ca n't be considered missing until they 've been missing for 24 hours . A frantic Maria visits Jack , and tells him what 's happening . With Maria 's help , a desperate Jack escapes from prison to do what the cops wo n't do—try to rescue Jenny and Mikey . Kenny keeps calling Maria , who goes along with Kenny 's conversations with her in order to get information , and Kenny promises to keep Jenny and Mikey safe .
A pair of cops show up at Maria 's house , and one of them says `` Mrs. Damson , any help you can provide locating your husband -- '' Maria cuts him off , angrily saying `` What about my children ? '' The cop says `` Mrs. Damson -- '' She cuts him off again , angrily saying `` What about helping them ? You were n't too quick on that , were you ? '' The cop says `` Mrs. Damson , you can be charged as an accessory . '' Maria says `` You go ahead . You charge me , and see where it gets you . '' Maria , angry that the cops care more about finding Jack instead of helping Jenny and Mikey , slams the door in their faces .
Jack finds Chuck , who tells him that Tommy and Kenny are looking for Jenny and Mikey , because Mikey saw Tommy kill someone . Jack frees Chuck . When Chuck finds Kenny and tries to take the phone away from him , Kenny kills Chuck , and Kenny immediately feels devastated about it , because he never actually wanted to kill anyone .
Jack , who has a shotgun , finds Jenny and Mikey , and they find Chuck dead . They try to get across a nearby river on a canoe , but Tommy shoots a hole in the canoe , and Jack , Jenny , and Mikey end up in the rapids . Tommy fires at them , but he misses , and Kenny does n't want Tommy to kill anyone else . Jack and Jenny get out of the river , but they ca n't find Mikey . And then they see Tommy dragging Mikey out of the river , and Tommy revives Mikey . Tommy wants to use Mikey to draw Jack out . Tommy tells Mikey to call out for Jack , or Mikey will be killed . Jack , who has told Jenny to run , sneaks up on Tommy , and tries to stab him , but Tommy stops him . Jack manages to stab Tommy through his right hand , and Jack escapes with Mikey .
They search for Jenny , but Kenny gets to her first . Maria calls the phone , and Kenny lets her talk to Jenny . Maria tells Jenny how she has to talk to Kenny . Kenny promises to get Jenny out of there safely . But Jack jumps Kenny and starts beating him up , while Jenny tells Jack to stop , because he does n't understand that Kenny is mentally handicapped . Jack , Jenny , and Mikey escape up a hill when Tommy fires at them .
Later , night is approaching . Jenny apologizes to Jack for not visiting him in prison . At the same time , Kenny prays for Jenny and Mikey to be safe . On the next morning , Tommy resumes his hunt , while Jack , Jenny , and Mikey keep running . They come upon a park ranger , but Tommy fires a shot that kills the ranger . Jack uses the ranger 's gun to fire back at Tommy . As Jack turns to run , Tommy shoots him in the back . And Mikey 's leg gets caught in a bear trap that was placed by poachers .
Tommy picks up the ranger 's gun , and finds Jenny and Mikey . Tommy aims his rifle at them , and Kenny steps in the way to keep Tommy from shooting them . Jack comes up behind Tommy and stabs him , causing Tommy to accidentally shoot Kenny . Tommy collapses and dies . With his last bit of strength , Kenny helps Jack and Jenny free Mikey 's leg from the bear trap . And then Kenny passes away . Jenny , shaken up by it , says `` I 'm sorry , Kenny . I 'm sorry , Kenny . I 'm sorry . '' Jack embraces Jenny and Mikey , and Jack is later pardoned for what he was accused of 8 years ago .
Cast
Brendan Fraser as Jack Damson - Father
Dominic Purcell as Tommy Baxter - Criminal brother
Ethan Suplee as Kenny Baxter - Criminal brother
Holly Deveaux as Jen Damson - Daughter - 17
Daniel Kash as Chuck
Christian Martyn as Mikey Damson - Brother
Amy Price-Francis as Maria Damson - Mother attorney
Anthony Ulc as Ryan Pain
Zion Forest Lee as Clive
Arcadia Kendal as Jenny ( age 9 )
Andrew Jackson as Lapin
Ryan Byrne as Cop # 1
Brendan Hennessey as Cop # 2
Meegwun Fairbrother as Ranger
Caine Hussey-Derrer as Prison Guard
Lara Daans as Zakia
G. Scott Paterson as Lead Protester
Naomi Andrews as Wendy
Keith Bowser as Prison Picketor
Mark Fisher as Executive
Layton Morrison as Harkin
Adnan Pjevic as Mack
Production
The film was produced under the working title Split Decision before the title was changed to Breakout .
References
External links
2013 films
2013 action thriller films
Films shot in Toronto
Films directed by Damian Lee
Films shot in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario
Canadian action thriller films
Films set in forests
Films set in Ontario
Sony Pictures direct-to-video films
English-language Canadian films
Films with screenplays by Damian Lee
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
William Trevitt ( February 7 , 1809 – February 8 , 1881 ) was a doctor , politician , diplomat , and newspaper publisher in 19th century Ohio . He served two times as Ohio Secretary of State , three years in the Ohio House of Representatives , was a surgeon in the Mexican–American War , and was a diplomat in South America .
Biography
William Trevitt was born February 7 , 1809 in Mont Vernon , New Hampshire , the youngest son of Henry and Jane Trevitt . He graduated as a doctor of medicine in the Class of 1830 from Dartmouth Medical School , and moved to Baltimore , Fairfield County , Ohio , where he practiced medicine .
Trevitt moved to Thornville , Perry County , Ohio , where he was elected to serve 1836–1839 in the Ohio House of Representatives .
Ohio Secretary of State Carter B. Harlan died in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on June 9 , 1840 . Governor Shannon appointed Trevitt to the position on a temporary basis until the Ohio General Assembly met early in 1841 to elect a successor .
During the Mexican–American War , Trevitt was a surgeon with the Second Ohio Infantry . In 1851 , a new constitution in Ohio made the Secretary of State an elective position , and Trevitt defeated the Free Soil Party incumbent and a Whig , and was re-elected in 1853 . He lost to a Republican for re-election in 1855 , and served January 1852 to January 1856 .
From 1857 to 1860 , Trevitt was consul to Valparaíso , Chile , and 1860–1861 to Callao , Peru , by appointment of President Franklin Pierce . He returned to Columbus , Ohio , where he entered the newspaper business . He established the Sunday Morning News in November 1867 , and published it until selling in 1870 .
Trevitt died in Columbus on February 8 , 1881 . He was interred at Green Lawn Cemetery , Columbus , Ohio . He had married Lucinda Butler in Columbus , and had six children .
See also
Ohio Secretary of State elections
References
1809 births
1881 deaths
People from Mont Vernon , New Hampshire
Ohio Democrats
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
19th-century American diplomats
Physicians from Ohio
Geisel School of Medicine alumni
19th-century American newspaper publishers ( people )
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery ( Columbus , Ohio )
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
People from Baltimore , Ohio
People from Perry County , Ohio
Marsicovetere ( Lucano : ) is a town of and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata .
Geography
It is bounded by the comuni of Calvello , Grumento Nova , Marsico Nuovo , Paterno , Tramutola and Viggiano .
Historically important is the historic center , the old Marsicovetere , although the most population resides today in Villa d'Agri , a hamlet ( frazione ) representing the new part of the town , at of elevation . The other municipal hamlet is Barricelle .
History
Marsicovetere was an ancient city of the Marsi in the Agri River valley , later conquered by the Romans .
In the year 1000 it was seat of a county . In 1498 King Frederick IV of Naples donated it to the Caracciolo family , who held it until 1777 save a brief parenthesis under the Di Palmas . In 1860 it was annexed to the Kingdom of Italy .
References
External links
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Jean-Paul Benzécri was a French mathematician and statistician . He studied at École Normale Supérieure and was professor at Université de Rennes and later for most of his career at l'Institut de Statistique de l'Université de Paris ( ISUP ) , Université Pierre-et-Marie-Curie in Paris . He is most known for his specific inductive approach to data analysis which led to the creation of Correspondence analysis , a statistical technique for analyzing contingency tables and for the invention of the nearest-neighbor chain algorithm for agglomerative hierarchical clustering .
Early life
Jean-Paul Benzécri was born in Oran , Algeria , in 1932 , where his father was a doctor . He attended high school in Lycée Lamoricière , Oran and Lycée Bugeaud , Alger . In 1950 , he was first in the entrance examination to the ENS ( École Normale Supérieure ) in Paris and again in 1953 to the `` Agrégation de Mathématiques '' , a national teacher 's diploma examination . He then did some science research in mathematics . Leaving for the United States in 1955 for Princeton University , after a 4 months study he submitted a Ph.D. thesis in differential geometry entitled Variétés localement plates under the supervision of Henri Cartan .
From 1959 until 1960 he did conscript military service in the Operational Research Group of the French Navy where he practiced multidimensional data modeling by traditional analytical methods without the use of a computer . In 1960 he delivered a `` Doctorat '' at Sorbonne , Paris entitled Sur les variétés localement affines et localement projectives again under the supervision of Cartan .
Career
Benzécri 's teaching career began in 1963 as an Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Sciences in Rennes where he created a course in mathematical linguistics . One of his first students was Brigitte Escofier-Cordier who published in 1965 a dissertation entitled Analyse Factorielle des Correspondances ( Correspondence analysis ) with application to textual data .
In 1965 , Benzécri became Professor at the Sorbonne and founded the Laboratoire de Statistique inside the Institut de Statistique de l'Université de Paris ( ISUP ) . His initial course in `` Analyse des Données '' evolved into a full scale MS-PhD program which was the basis of his research activity .
Research
Since his early work in 1963 on Natural Language Processing ( NLP ) , Benzécri got the intuition that electronic computing was going to be the Novius Organum ( i.e. , the new tool ) enabling to solve the problem cooperatively between mathematics , logic and linguistics . Inspired by the pionneering works of Louis Guttman and Chikio Hayashi as well as by the distributional methodology of Zellig Harris , he devised a geometric equivalence to these approaches by searching the principal axes of inertia of a weighted cloud of points . These algorithms were the primary building blocks of a method which he later called `` Correspondence analysis '' . Developing correspondence analysis with the systematic supplement of clustering techniques , his interest went to analysing both large contingency and binary tables and some other kinds of data arrays after suitable transformation including lexical tables derived from raw texts .
Favouring induction over hypothesis testing , much of his approach lies in describing and understanding how a multidimensional dataset diverges from the hypothesis of independence of its rows and columns through the interpretation of patterns often revealed by point cloud graphic displays . But he was also opened to reintroduce a new statistical framework into this purely exploratory process by deriving an a posteriori projection of supplementary variables ( i.e . rows ) and individuals ( i.e . rows ) . His early familiarity with computers and their programming languages lead him to adopt tensor notations and quasi ALGOL-like algorithmic formulas in his course texts as early as 1967 . This facilitated the transcription of his concepts by his fellow colleagues and students to computer programs in a wide range of languages , the latest being a wide variety on implementations in R language such as FactoMiner . Benzecri 's tensor notations were precursors to the latest developments of tensor calculus for machine learning ( for example , TensorFlow ) . In the field of clustering methods , Benzécri ( 1982 ) also proposed a new algorithm ( nearest-neighbor chain algorithm ) for agglomerative hierarchical clustering .
Selected publications
L'Analyse des données . Tome 1 : La Taxinomie , Dunod , 1973 , 615 p .
L'Analyse des données . Tome 2 : L'Analyse des correspondances , Dunod , 1973 , 619 p .
Histoire et préhistoire de l'analyse des données , Dunod , 1982 , 159 p .
L'Analyse des données / leçons sur l'analyse factorielle et la reconnaissance des formes et travaux ,
Vol . 1 : L'Analyse des correspondances , Dunod , 1982 , 635 p .
Vol . 2 : La Taxinomie , Dunod , 1982 , 632 p .
Pratique de l'analyse des données ,
Tome I : Analyse des correspondances , exposé élémentaire , Dunod , 1980 ,
Tome II : Abrégé théorique , études de cas modèles , Dunod , 1980 , 466 p .
Tome III : Linguistique et lexicologie , Dunod , 1981 , 565 p .
Tome IV : En médecine , pharmacologie , physiologie clinique , Statmatic , Paris , 199 , 532 p .
Tome V : Pratique de l'analyse des données en économie , Dunod , 1987 , 533 p .
Les cahiers de l'analyse des données , Gauthier-Villars , Dunod , 1976–1997
Linguistique et lexicologie , Dunod , 2007 [ ré-édition ] ,
Only one manual was published in English under the direct supervision of J-P Benzécri near the end of his university career .
Correspondence analysis handbook , Marcel Dekker ( 1992 ) , 665 p .
References
External links
- Library of Congress
- WorldCat ID
- OCLC - VIAF ( Virtual International Authority File )
1932 births
2019 deaths
French statisticians
20th-century French mathematicians
21st-century French mathematicians
Lakeside Park Historic District , also known as The Stone Piers , is a nationally recognized historic district located in Lake View , Iowa , United States . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 . At the time of its nomination it consisted of four resources , which were all structures . When Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) Company VCCC 1776 was in town to develop Black Hawk State Park it also developed this municipal park as well . They built a rip rap berm for a seawall and two piers , and then filled in with dirt behind them to create the park . Both of the piers are constructed in the Park Rustic style that utilized uncoursed rough fieldstone from farms in the area . The west pier is U-shaped and extends roughly into the water . Two obelisk-like light posts are located at the entrance of the pier . The north pier is elongated and extends into the water . At its base is a broken circle of three stone and concrete benches . This pier is narrower than the other , and ends with a circular base that surrounds a tapered electric light shaft . The Park Rustic style is meant to blend into its natural surroundings . The rip rap seawall and the piers appear to emerge naturally from the shoreline .
There is also a brick mineral spring pavilion that predates the CCC-built amenities . It looks a bit like a wishing well , and marks the site of a popular mineral spring . At one time it featured a hand pump over the spring 's well , but it has subsequently been removed . The well has been covered with concrete and the pump replaced with a park bench .
References
Infrastructure completed in 1935
Civilian Conservation Corps in Iowa
Rustic architecture in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Sac County , Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County , Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Historic districts in Sac County , Iowa
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1935 establishments in Iowa
Barrowford is a civil parish in Pendle , Lancashire , England . It contains 34 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , two are at Grade II * , the middle grade , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade . The parish contains the village of Barrowford and some surrounding countryside . Originally an agricultural community , weaving came to the parish in the late 18th century . This was initially carried out in weavers ' cottages , and later in mills . The Leeds and Liverpool Canal arrived in the parish towards the end of the 18th century .
The listed buildings reflect the history of the parish . They include farmhouses and farm buildings , some of which have been absorbed by the growing village , larger houses , and weavers ' cottages . Associated with the canal are locks , bridges , and an aqueduct . The other listed buildings include a packhorse bridge , a road bridge , public houses , a toll house , a former mill and a chimney , a milestone , and a bandstand .
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in the Borough of Pendle
George Fingold ( October 18 , 1908 – August 31 , 1958 ) was an American politician from Massachusetts who served as Attorney General of Massachusetts from 1953 to 1958 .
Fingold 's political career began at the age of 21 when he was elected to the Malden City Council . He later served as Assistant District attorney of Middlesex County and as the Commonwealth 's Assistant Attorney General in charge of prosecution of racketeers . In 1952 , Fingold defeated incumbent Attorney General Francis E. Kelly .
On December 18 , 1953 , Fingold called for the Massachusetts Governor 's Council to ban the comic book Panic within the state , on the grounds it `` desecrated Christmas '' depicting the holiday in a `` pagan '' manner . Under his orders the head of the state police , Captain Joseph Crescio , cut off distribution of Panic throughout Massachusetts , and by December 21 , the book had been pulled from nearly all the newsstands in the Greater Boston area . Fingold warned distributors who resisted compliance that they would be susceptible to criminal prosecution , although it is unclear what they would 've been charged with . Publisher William M. Gaines retaliated by announcing that he was permanently withdrawing Panic from distribution in the state of Massachusetts and yanking his Picture Stories From The Bible from that state ( which had n't been published in over five years ) . `` The idea was , 'If you do n't want us , we do n't want you , ' '' explained editor and writer Al Feldstein , who said he had felt a `` certain literary pride '' in having his book banned .
Fingold died on August 31 , 1958 , at his home in Concord , Massachusetts . At the time of his death he was a candidate in the Republican primary for Governor of Massachusetts .
In 1960 , the State Library of Massachusetts was named the George Fingold Library under Chapter 380 , Acts of 1960 .
References
1908 births
1958 deaths
Jewish American people in Massachusetts politics
Massachusetts city council members
Massachusetts Attorneys General
Politicians from Malden , Massachusetts
People from Concord , Massachusetts
Suffolk University Law School alumni
Massachusetts Republicans
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American Jews
The Saint Andrew 's Day Assembly ( ) was the name of a Serbian parliament which was in session from ( Saint Andrew 's Day ) to 29 January 1859 in the Great Brewery in Belgrade , Principality of Serbia . There were a total of 432 representatives who were appointed by the Prince and were not elected .
After the Ottoman Empire , the nominal suzerain of the Principality of Serbia at the time , was forced by the Concert of Europe to implement internal reforms , the then Prince of Serbia Alexander Karađorđević convened parliament due to pressure from domestic opposition . At the end of the 1850s , the monarch was very unpopular , which was exploited by two dominant political groups , the Liberals and the Defenders of the Constitution . At the session of the assembly , the groups proposed for Alexander to abdicate and to invite former Prince Miloš Obrenović ( who had previously ruled from 1817 to 1839 ) to assume the throne again .
References
Sources
Principality of Serbia
Elections in Serbia
1858 in Serbia
1858 in the Ottoman Empire
19th century in Belgrade
1858 elections in Europe
1858 conferences
James Andrew Estill , ( born April 8 , 1957 ) is a Canadian technology entrepreneur , executive , and philanthropist who has been serving as President and CEO of home appliance manufacturer Danby Products Ltd since 2015 . During the course of his career , Estill has invested in 150 start-up companies and received international attention in 2015 for offering to sponsor the resettling of 50 Syrian refugee families in Canada . In recognition of his philanthropic efforts , Estill received the Order of Ontario in June 2017 and was named to the Order of Canada in July 2018 . He also received an Everyday Heroes Award from the Global Hope Coalition in 2017 .
Education
Estill studied engineering at the University of Waterloo , graduating in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Systems Design Engineering . He received an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of Guelph in 2018 .
Business career
1980-1999
In his final year of university , he started his first company , EMJ Data Systems . Operating with very modest means , Estill sold computer equipment and software , soon transitioning into distribution . The business grew quickly , became publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange , and withstood that era 's downturn in the IT industry .
His accomplishments at such a young age were recognized in 1996 when Estill was added to the ranks of Canada 's Top 40 under 40 , the second person to receive this honor . That same year , Estill joined the Young Presidents ' Organization ( YPO ) and remains a member of the CNBC-YPO Chief Executive Network .
Estill served as a founding board member of Research in Motion/BlackBerry in 1997 , before the company went public . He subsequently stayed with that organization until 2010 . 1997 also found him acting as one of the founding members of Communitech. , an organization devoted to helping tech companies grow and find their place in the market .
2000-2009
In 2003 , EMJ purchased the Canadian operations of DaisyTek Canada , doubling their distribution size to more than $ 350 million in consolidated revenue . At its height , EMJ had 350 employees and $ 350 million in annual sales .
In June 2004 , Synnex Canada purchased EMJ Data Systems for $ 56 million . As part of the deal , Estill took over as CEO of Synnex 's Canadian division . During the five years that he ran Synnex from 2004–2009 , sales for the company grew from $ 800 million to $ 2 billion .
Estill entered the world of blogging in the spring of 2005 with CEO Blog—Time Leadership , which documents his philosophies on leadership and time management , and which he continues to update with new posts on a regular basis .
In 2008 , Estill was granted patent number 8244567 for gamification in ERP systems .
2010-present
In 2010 , Estill published his first book , Time Leadership - Lessons from a CEO and followed that publication three years later with Zero to $ 2 Billion : The Marketing and Branding Story Behind the Growth . Estill also serves on the advisory board of OMERS Ventures , one of Canada 's largest pension funds , which began operations in 2011 .
Estill spoke about his success in the business world for a TEDx Talk called `` Zero to $ 2 Billion '' in New York City in April 2013 .
In late 2014 , Estill founded DDE Media , a Guelph , Ontario-based digital multimedia company . DDE merged two years later with TrafficSoda , a digital marketing firm , founded in 2013 by Jessica Chalk . Estill serves as chairman of the combined organization , with Chalk as President and CEO .
While continuing on in this capacity , Estill came out of semi-retirement to assume the post of CEO at Guelph , Ontario-based Danby Products in 2015 , . In 2017 , Estill purchased Danby Products and its subsidiaries from John Wood and his family . Under his guidance , the company resumed manufacturing some of its products in Canada for the first time in a number of years .
Seed Investor
In addition to the businesses he started on his own , Estill also served as a seed investor for over 150 companies , including well.ca , Printeron , Miovision , Clearpath Robotics , Postrank , Touch Bistro , Spicer , Inex , and Border Networks .
Philanthropy
In 2015 , Estill grew distressed by the humanitarian crisis in Syria . Frustrated by the Canadian government 's slow response , Estill decided in November 2015 to sponsor the immigration of 50 Syrian families to Guelph , Ontario . This worked out to a personal cost of about $ 1.5 million Canadian . He rallied church groups and 800 volunteers across the city and worked closely with the Islamic community . Estill has now sponsored 87 families for resettlement .
When asked why he decided to pursue this , Estill replied `` Imagine going to work and discovering that your office is n't there anymore…Imagine going home from work and your home is n't there and you 've heard that a cousin has been killed . People were living in fear and helping them come to Canada , a place of safety , was the right thing to do . ''
To achieve his ambitious goal , Estill decided to use the organizational skills he had developed over his long business career . After meeting with local clergy and related organizations , he budgeted that each Syrian family would need between $ 25,000-30,000 Canadian for life essentials over a one-year period .
For assistance , Estill called upon the Lakeside Church , the Salvation Army , Guelph 's Roman Catholic community , the Muslim Society of Guelph and Welcome In Drop-in Centre , as well as friends and business associates . Arrangements were put in place to provide apartments , clothing , and English language instruction . Using his business network connections , Estill also helped arrange employment and career counselling . More than 800 local volunteers were registered and donated their time to the project .
Although it was hoped that the Syrian families would begin arriving by the end of 2015 , this stalled by February 2016 when the Canadian government met its announced quota of bringing 25,000 Syrian refugees into the country . This led to problems storing donated items as the spaces would soon become unavailable . By the end of June , only 13 of the 50 planned families had settled in Guelph .
However , things soon improved and 47 families had relocated by the end of 2016 . By that point , the total number of families Estill committed to help had also grown to 58 and totaled more than 200 people .
In addition to his own project , Estill also contributed his finances to help a nine-year-old local boy realize his family 's dream of sponsoring a Syrian family in Canada .
In recognition of his philanthropic efforts , Estill received the Order of Ontario in June 2017. and was named to the Order of Canada in June 2018 .
Awards and recognition
Canada 's Top 40 Under 40 , 1996
Alumni Achievement Medal for Professional Achievement , University of Waterloo , 2000
Order of Ontario , 2017
Order of Canada , 2018
Inducted into the Canadian Academy of Engineering ( CAE ) , 2018
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
21st-century Canadian businesspeople
Canadian business executives
Canadian company founders
Canadian computer businesspeople
Canadian philanthropists
Canadian technology chief executives
Members of the Order of Canada
Members of the Order of Ontario
University of Waterloo alumni
1957 births
The music of Palestine ( ) is one of many regional subgenres of Arabic music . While it shares much in common with Arabic music , both structurally and instrumentally , there are musical forms and subject matter that are distinctively Palestinian .
Pre-1948
In the areas now controlled by both Israel and Palestine , multiple ethnic groups and religions have long held on to a diversity of cultures . The largest groups of people in territory that was formerly British Mandatory Palestine are ( in order ) Jews ( including Sephardim , Mizrahim and Ashkenazim ) , Arabs ( including urban and rural Muslim classes , Arab Christians , and Muslim Bedouin ) , Druze , Circassians , Samaritans , Armenians , Dom and others . Wasif Jawhariyyeh was one oud player , famous for his post-1904 diary .
Folk music
Early in the 20th century , Palestinian Arabs lived in cities and in rural areas , either as farmers or as nomads . The fellahin ( farmers ) sang a variety of work songs , used for tasks like fishing , shepherding , harvesting and making olive oil . Traveling storytellers and musicians called zajaleen were also common , known for their epic tales . Weddings were also home to distinctive music , especially the dabke . Popular songs made use of widely varying forms , particularly the mejana and dal'ona .
Post-1948
Folk music
After the creation of Israel in 1948 , large numbers of Arab Palestinians fled to , or were forced into , refugee camps in the West Bank and Gaza Strip . The most popular recorded musicians at the time were the superstars of Arab classical music , especially Umm Kulthum and Sayed Darwish . The centers for Palestinian music were in the Palestinian towns of Nazareth and Haifa , where performers composed in the classical styles of Cairo and Damascus . A shared Palestinian identity was reflected in a new wave of performers who emerged with distinctively Palestinian themes , relating to the dreams of statehood and the burgeoning nationalist sentiment .
In the 1970s , a new wave of popular Palestinian stars emerged , including Sabreen and Al Ashiqeen . After the First Intifada ( 1987 ) , a more hard-edged group of performers and songwriters emerged , such as al- Funoun , songwriter Suhail Khoury , songwriter Jameel al-Sayih , Thaer Barghouti 's Doleh and Sabreen 's Mawt a'nabi .
In the 1990s , the Palestinian National Authority was established , and Palestinian cultural expression began to stabilize . Wedding bands , which had all but disappeared during the fighting , reappeared to perform popular Egyptian and Lebanese songs . Other performers to emerge later in the 90s included Yuad , Washem , Mohsen Subhi , Adel Salameh , Issa Boulos , Wissam Joubran , Samir Joubran , and Basel Zayed with his new sound of Palestine and Turab group founded in 2004 with the CD Hada Liel .
The Diaspora Palestinian Reem Kelani is one of the foremost present day researchers and performers of music with a specifically Palestinian narrative and heritage . Her 2006 debut solo album Sprinting Gazelle – Palestinian Songs from the Motherland and the Diaspora comprised Kelani 's research and arrangement of five traditional Palestinian songs , whilst the other five songs were her own musical settings of popular and resistance poetry by the likes of Mahmoud Darwish , Salma Khadra Jayyusi , Rashid Husain and Mahmoud Salim al-Hout . All the songs on the album relate to pre-1948 Palestine .
A large part of Palestinian music comprises wedding songs and dances . Due to the large amount of weddings in Palestinian culture , wedding singers have been able to maintain the tradition of Palestinian songs whilst incorporating modern vocals and rhythms . Wedding singers draw from a repertoire of ceremonial material including henna songs sung at the henna ceremony , wedding processionals ( zeffat ) , and popular debkah and dance songs .
Classical music
Before 1948 , the Palestinians formed a part of the Arab cultural mosaic in the Levant , and it was difficult to separate them from the cultural and musical composition of the Syrian people . Although the popular music was limited to the genre of folk music that served the needs of ritual and social events varied , but the beginnings of a serious musical phenomenon began to form in Palestine with the presence of profound composers of the first generation , such as Augustine Lama , Yousef Khashou , Salvador Arnita and others . the second generation of composers included among others : Patrick Lama , Amin Nasser , Nasri Fernando Dueri , and Saleem Zoughbi , . The third generation includes younger musicians such as Habib Touma , Mounir Anastas , Bichara El Khail and Sam Gebran , etc .. The Israeli occupation , the transfer of the identity of the Palestinian society from the sphere of integration and near-total identification with the Syrian identity within what was called Greater Syria to the formation of the Palestinian identity within the context of confrontation existential and cultural and political with the Zionists .
From this confrontation with the occupation emerged the movement of the poetry of the resistance , and with it emerged national Palestinian song against the occupation .
During the occupation , Palestinian classical music continued to rise , with new names in the realm of classical music along with the founding of many symphony orchestras ( such as the Palestinian Youth Orchestra , and West-Eastern Divan , founded by Daniel Barenboim and Edward Said ) as well as string quartets and quintets , which gave the Palestinian Territories the highest number of orchestras among Arab countries .
Names of Palestinian composers :
Salvador Arnita ( 1914–1985 ) , Habib Hasan Touma ( born in Nazareth , 1934 , died in Berlin 1998 ) , Nasri Fernando Dueri ( born 1932 ) , François Nicodeme ( born in Jerusalem 1935 ) and his brother William Nicodeme , Amin Nasser in Ramleh 1935 , Patrick Lama , Abdel-Hamid Hamam , Saleem Zoughbi ,
Music and identity
Palestinian music reflects Palestinian experience . As might be expected , much of it deals with the struggle of living under Israeli occupation , the longing for peace , and the love of the land of Palestine . A typical example of such a song is Baladi , Baladi ( My Country , My Country ) , which has become the unofficial Palestinian national anthem :
Palestine , Land of the fathers ,
To you , I do not doubt , I will return .
Struggle , revolution , do not die ,
For the storm is on the land .
`` Zareef et Tool '' is one of the most popular Palestinian songs of today and can be traced back decades . The song encourages Palestinians not to leave their homeland :
يا زريف الطول وقّف تاقلك ... رايح عالغربة و بلادك أحسنلك
خايف يا زريف تروح و تتملك .. و تعاشر الغير و تنساني أنا
O , elegant and tall one stop so I can tell you
You are going abroad and your country is better for you
I am afraid you will get established there
And find someone else and forget me
Forms of traditional Palestinian songs
Unlike many other cultures , traditional Palestinian songs have no set lyrics but rather a set rhythm . The singers are usually family members or close friends who make up the lyrics on the spot . At modern Palestinian events there may be a professional singer , but the forms mentioned below , still very popular today , were created before the popularization of professional singers . Therefore , the song lyrics differ from city to city . Many types of Palestinian songs , including Atab/Mejana and Dal'ona , have transcended time . Due to the relevance of the subject matter and the need to maintain tradition and culture , traditional types of Palestinian songs can still be heard at events of today , such as weddings or gatherings . They still remain extremely popular throughout the Palestinian culture . Among the forms :
Ataaba is the most popular type of song in Palestine . It is often sung by farmers , workers , and shepherds as a work song . However , weddings are the main environment for the songs . As with the other forms of songs , Mejana is based on poetry . Usually the singer starts with the long sound of `` Ooaaaff '' . Then the verses of ataba follow . Ataba is composed of four verses of poetry . The first three ends with the same word in sound but different meanings . The fourth verse ends with a word that usually ends with a sound like `` Aab or Aywa ! ''
Dal'ona is the second most popular type of song in Palestine . It is easier to compose than ataba because it does not require the similar sound of the ends of the first three verses . However , like ataba , dal'na has four verses of poetry , where the first three have similar endings and the fourth usually ends with a sound like `` Oana '' . Dal'ona is the sound of the Palestinian popular dance , dabka , where the dancers sing it along with the sound of the shubbabah ( flute ) , yarghool or mijwiz .
The Sahja is another popular form of Palestinian song usually sung at weddings . It may be done by men or women and involves clapping to the rhythm of the song that is being sung to the bride by women , or groom by men . The men gather in two lines facing each other , or surround the groom . Then the zajal leads the sahja . The zajal is a talented singer or close family member who sings the sahja on the spot . The zajal leads the sahja with a verse , and the entire group repeats . The sahja done by women carries out the same process but with many women leading ( usually older women ) while the young women repeat . Also , the women may add a loud , `` Lolololeey '' during and at the end of the sahja . There is no female zajal .
Zaghareet ( pl ) , one of the oldest forms of Palestinian song , is another important form of song during Palestinian weddings . The zaghreet is traditionally sung by women at weddings or important events . One woman starts the zaghroot with a loud `` Heeey Hee ... '' or `` Aweeha ... '' . She then continues with a short poem or few rhyming words . After the women are done , they all join with a loud , `` Lolololoolololoeeeey '' sound . Unlike the women 's sahja , the zaghroot involves no clapping , and only one woman must take turns to offer a zaghareet .
Palestinian hip hop
Beginning in the late 1990s , Palestinian youth forged a new Palestinian musical subgenre – Palestinian rap or hip hop – which blends Arabic melodies and Western beats , with lyrics in Arabic , English and even Hebrew .
Borrowing from traditional rap music that first emerged in the ghettos of Los Angeles and New York in the 1970s , `` young Palestinian musicians have tailored the style to express their own grievances with the social and political climate in which they live and work . ''
DAM were pioneers in forging this blend . As Arab citizens of Israel , they rap in Arabic , Hebrew , and English , often challenging stereotypes about Palestinians and Arabs head-on in songs like `` Meen Erhabe ? '' ( `` Who 's a terrorist ? '' )
More peculiar is the West Bank group Ramallah Underground , found by the two brothers Aswatt , Boikutt and Stormtrap . Their sound is a mix of hip hop , trip hop , and downtempo alongside traditional Arab music . There are many rappers who defend Palestinian nationalism , and the best of them , Ortega ( Alhasan ) who caused a sensation in the Israeli media in 2012 because of his songs ' hostility to Israel . Ortega ( Alhasan ) is considered a better performer of Palestinian rap in the Persian Gulf region , because he was born in the United Arab Emirates .
In the diaspora are the Abu-Ghaben brothers , who founded Jaffa Phonix in Cairo , Egypt . They blended big-beat , hip hop , and vocal punk elements .
Repression under Hamas rule
According to the human rights organization Freemuse , Palestinian musicians feared what was going to happen in the Palestinian territories where Islamic fundamentalists have become increasingly assertive since the militant Hamas group scored political gains in the Palestinian Authority local elections of 2005 .
In 2005 an outdoor music and dance performance in Qalqiliya was suddenly banned by the Hamas led municipality , for the reason that such an event would be forbidden by Islam . The municipality also ordered that music no longer be played in the Qalqiliya zoo , and mufti Akrameh Sabri issued a religious edict affirming the municipality 's decision . In response , the Palestinian national poet Mahmoud Darwish warned that `` There are Taliban-type elements in our society , and this is a very dangerous sign '' .
The Palestinian columnist Mohammed Abd Al-Hamid , a resident of Ramallah , warned that this religious coercion could cause the migration of artists , and said `` The religious fanatics in Algeria destroyed every cultural symbol , shattered statues and rare works of art and liquidated intellectuals and artists , reporters and authors , ballet dancers and singers – are we going to imitate the Algerian and Afghani examples ? ''
Musicians and instruments from Palestine , anno 1860
See also
List of Palestinians : Musicians
Palestinian Arabic
Palestinians
References
Books
Morgan , Andy and Mu'tasem Adileh . `` The Sounds of Struggle '' . 2000 . In Broughton , Simon and Ellingham , Mark with McConnachie , James and Duane , Orla ( ed . ) , World Music , Vol . 1 : Africa , Europe and the Middle East , pp . 385–390 . Rough Guides Ltd , Penguin Books .
Further reading
External links
Smithsonian Jerusalem Project : Palestinian Music Winter 1999 , Issue 3 , Jerusalem Quarterly
Arabic music
music
Palestinian music
Tracing paper is paper made to have low opacity , allowing light to pass through . It was originally developed for architects and design engineers to create drawings that could be copied precisely using the diazo copy process ; it then found many other uses . The original use for drawing and tracing was largely superseded by technologies that do not require diazo copying or manual copying ( by tracing ) of drawings .
The transparency of tracing paper is achieved by careful selection of the raw materials and the process used to create transparency . Cellulose fibre forms the basis of the paper , usually from wood species but also from cotton fibre . Often , paper contains other filler materials to enhance opacity and print quality . For tracing or translucent paper , it is necessary to remove any material which obstructs the transmission of light .
Description
Tracing paper is paper made to have low opacity , allowing light to pass through . It is named as such for its ability for an image to be traced onto it . It was originally developed for architects and design engineers to create drawings which could be copied precisely using the diazo copy process .
When tracing paper is placed onto a picture , the picture is easily visible through the paper . Thus , it becomes easy to find edges in the picture and trace the image onto the tracing paper . Pure cellulose fiber is translucent , and it is the air trapped between fibers that makes paper opaque and look white . If the fibers are refined and beaten until all the air is taken out , then the resulting sheet will be translucent . Translucent papers are dense and contain up to 10 % moisture at 50 % humidity .
Production
Tracing paper is usually made from sulfite pulp by reducing the fibres to a state of fine subdivision and hydrolysing them by very prolonged beating in water .
There are three main processes to manufacture this type of paper , as follows :
Through mechanical ‘ refining ' of the cellulose fibre to create a fibre which is highly fibrillated and gelatinous , so that in forming the sheet of paper , virtually all air is excluded from the internal structure of the paper . This method produces a very translucent and even looking paper over a range of areal densities from 42 to over 280 g/m2 .
By making a ‘ normal ' sheet of paper and then filling the spaces between the fibres with a material that has the same refractive index as the cellulose . This was a common process adopted in the USA . The product was frequently called Vellum , although this terminology can refer to a wider range of special papers . Due to the relatively high cost , this method of manufacture has largely disappeared .
As with 2 , by making a normal sheet of paper , which is followed by immersing uncut and unloaded paper of good quality in sulfuric acid for a few seconds . The acid converts some of the cellulose into amyloid form having a gelatinous and impermeable character . When the treated paper is thoroughly washed and dried , the resultant product is much stronger than the original paper . Tracing paper is resistant to oil , grease and to a large extent impervious to water and gas .
The sizing in production will determine whether it is for laser printer or inkjet/offset printing .
Tracing paper may be uncoated or coated . Natural tracing paper for laser printing is usually uncoated .
The HS code for tracing paper is 4806.30 .
Tracing paper can be recycled and also can be made from up to 30 % recycled fibre .
Technical specifications
Specifications of natural tracing paper :
Smooth surface
Non-ageing
Acid-free
Recyclable
The follows are common standards for tracing paper though generally it is manufactured in densities over 60 g/m2 :
Application
Traditional printing methods : letterpress , planographic / offset , silk-screen printing
Laser and inkjet printing
Processing : varnishing , laminating , punching , embossing , folding , scoring
Drawing : ink , Indian ink , graphite , pencils
Photographic and cinema lighting : diffusion filter for light sources to produce aesthetic effect
End products
Envelopes
Mailings
Flyer
Coversheets
Album cover dividers
Business cards
Greeting cards
Posters
Origami
See also
Inkjet paper
Colour tracing paper : Tracing paper also can be solid or marble coloured . In modern times , colour tracing paper is normally used for decoratively for special printing purposes such as for brochures , menus , and invitations
Parchment paper
Wax paper
Glassine paper
Red rosin paper
References
External links
Arjowiggins tracing paper product description
Properties of different types of paper
Tracing paper in Vietnam archive
Usage guide of tracing paper
Coated paper
Visual arts materials
Paper
Drawing
Printmaking
Digital press
Sewing equipment
Edward Hawkins ( 1789–1882 ) was an English churchman and academic .
Edward Hawkins may also refer to :
Edward Hawkins ( architect ) ( 1902–1991 ) , designer and developer of Unosian residential houses
Edward Hawkins ( New York politician ) ( 1829–1908 ) , New York politician
Edward Hawkins ( numismatist ) ( 1780–1867 ) , English numismatist and antiquary
See also
Ed Hawkins ( disambiguation )
Fortify is a verb , meaning to build a fortification .
Fortify may also refer to :
Computing and technology
Fortify ( Netscape ) , a software hack for the Netscape Navigator
Fortify , a software tool used to format programs in the Fortress programming language for rendering by LaTeX
Fortify Software , a software code analysis product
Fortify , an app marketed by the anti-pornography organization Fight the New Drug which tracks the user 's masturbation habits
Other uses
Fortify , a construction project on Interstate 40 ( North Carolina )
See also
Fortification ( disambiguation )
Fortified
Fortress
Cheer the Brave is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Kenneth Hume and starring Elsie Randolph , Jack McNaughton and Geoffrey Keen . It was made at Southall Studios as a second feature .
A mild-mannered man gets married , but soon finds his new wife to be a domineering tyrant . After discovering her previous husband is not really dead , he manages to escape from her clutches .
Cast
Elsie Randolph as Doris Wilson
Jack McNaughton as Bill Potter
Geoffrey Keen as Wilson
Marie Ault as Mother-in-Law
Vida Hope
Mavis Villiers
Eileen Way
Gordon Mulholland
Sam Kydd
Rose Howlett
Helen Goss
Michael Ward
John Bull
Elizabeth Saunders
Jennifer Duncan
Molly Weir
References
Bibliography
Chibnall , Steve & McFarlane , Brian . The British ' B ' Film . Palgrave MacMillan , 2009 .
External links
1951 films
British comedy films
1951 comedy films
Films set in London
Films shot at Southall Studios
British black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
The Billboard Tropical Airplay chart is a subchart of the Latin Airplay that ranks the best-performing tropical songs played on Latin radio stations in the United States .
Chart history
References
United States Tropical Songs
2019
2019 in Latin music
The Park Chennai is a five-star deluxe hotel located at the Anna Flyover junction on the erstwhile Gemini Studios premises on Anna Salai , Chennai , India . The hotel , part of the Apeejay Surrendra Group , was opened on 15 May 2002 at an investment of around 1 billion .
History
The place where The Park hotel stands today was the location of the Gemini Studios , a historic film studio since the 1940s . Gemini Studios , established on Mount Road as `` Movieland '' by filmmaker K. Subrahmanyam , was the city 's biggest studio . In 1940 , the studio was destroyed by a fire . S. S. Vasan , a Tamil filmmaker and a friend of K. Subramaniam , bought the Motion Picture Producers ' Combines studio in 1940 in a court auction for 86,427-11-9 , the odd figure arrived at through including the interest on unpaid wages of the employees . The studio was rebuilt and opened under the name Gemini Studios in 1941 , which went on to become one of the finest studio and a legendary film production centre in the Subcontinent . Gemini Pictures declined in the 1970s though remaining successful as a studio and equipment rental business . In the 1990s , two buildings were built in the corner of the studio 's premises only to be considered unfavourable among buyers . By the turn of the 21st century , the Kolkata-based Park Group of Hotels bought the three-star property in the premises and turned it into a five-star luxury hotel and opened it on 15 May 2002 at a cost of 1,100 million . In the same year , the other block was scheduled for auction by Indian Bank with a reserve price of 930 million .
In 2010 , the hotel had a legal fight with the Corporation of Chennai over the ownership of an open space reservation ( OSR ) land on which the hotel 's perimeter compound wall with fountains was built .
The hotel
The art-concept boutique hotel has 214 rooms , including 120 Deluxe rooms , 79 Luxury rooms , 6 Studio suites , 5 Deluxe suites , 3 Premier suites and 1 Presidential suite . Dining facilities in the hotel include a Thai restaurant named Lotus , 601 ( Six-O-One ) All day dining restaurant , Pasha–Night club and the Aqua & A2 Restaurants situated on the eighth floor . The hotel also has a bar named the Leather Bar as a tribute to the city 's leather industry . The hotel also has a shopping arcade .
Awards
In 2006 , Forbes listed `` Atrium '' in The Park hotel , Chennai , with its menu designed by Italian chef Antonio Carluccio , amongst India 's top 10 most expensive restaurants .
See also
Hotels in Chennai
List of the tallest buildings in Chennai
References
External links
Official website
Hotels in Chennai
Hotels established in 2002
2002 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Skyscraper hotels in Chennai
The Vektor Z88 ( `` Z-88 '' ) is a 9mm semi-automatic pistol produced by Vektor , the small arms brand name of Denel Land Systems , in South Africa . It is a licensed copy of the Beretta 92F . The gun was developed into the Vektor SP1 , released in January 1993 . The gun was predominantly used by the South African Police Service . The Z88 is implicated heavily in gang crime in South Africa ; this is reportedly due to stolen firearms from police armouries .
References
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
Police weapons
Semi-automatic pistols of South Africa
Denel
The Bellanca TES ( Tandem Experimental Sesquiplane ) or Blue Streak was a push-pull sesquiplane aircraft designed by Giuseppe Mario Bellanca in 1929 for the first non-stop flight from Seattle to Tokyo .
In 1930 it was refitted with two 600 hp Curtiss Conqueror engines and reinforced for the Chicago Daily News as a cargo plane named The Blue Streak .
The aircraft crashed on 26 May , 1931 when the rear propeller driveshaft broke due to vibration and all four on board lost their lives .
Specifications ( with Pratt & Whitney Wasp engines )
References
Bibliography
Alan Abel and Drina Welch Abel : Bellanca 's Golden Age , Stockton : Wild Canyon Books , 2004 ,
External links
Page dedicated to Shirley J . Short
Bellanca TES images from the archive of San Diego Air & Space Museum
TES
1920s United States experimental aircraft
1930s United States experimental aircraft
Twin-engined push-pull aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1929
Francis James Child ( February 1 , 1825 – September 11 , 1896 ) was an American scholar , educator , and folklorist , best known today for his collection of English and Scottish ballads now known as the Child Ballads . Child was Boylston professor of rhetoric and oratory at Harvard University , where he produced influential editions of English poetry . In 1876 he was named Harvard 's first Professor of English , a position which allowed him to focus on academic research . It was during this time that he began work on the Child Ballads .
The Child Ballads were published in five volumes between 1882 and 1898 . While Child was primarily a literary scholar with little interest in the music of the ballads , his work became a major contribution to the study of English-language folk music .
Biography
Francis James Child was born in Boston , Massachusetts . His lifelong friend , scholar and social reformer Charles Eliot Norton , described Child 's father , a sailmaker , as `` one of that class of intelligent and independent mechanics [ i.e. , skilled craftsmen ] , which has had a large share of developing the character of our democratic community , as of old the same class had in Athens or in Florence . '' The family was poor , but thanks to the city of Boston 's system of free public schools , the boy was educated at the Boston 's grammar schools and The English High School . There his brilliance came to the attention of the principal of the Boston Latin School , Epes Sargent Dixwell , who saw to it that the promising youngster was furnished with a scholarship to attend Harvard University .
At Harvard , `` Frank '' ( nicknamed `` Stubby '' on account of his short stature ) excelled in all classes and also read widely outside his studies for his own pleasure . Although shy and diffident on account of his working-class origins , he was soon recognized as `` the best writer , the best speaker , the best mathematician , the most accomplished person in knowledge of general literature '' , and he became extremely popular with his classmates . He was graduated in 1846 , topping his class in all subjects and was chosen Class Orator by his graduating class ( of sixty ) , who received his valedictory speech with `` tumultuous applause '' . Upon graduation Child was appointed tutor in mathematics at Harvard and in 1848 was transferred to a tutorship in history , political economy , and English literature .
In 1848 , Child published a critically annotated edition ( the first of the kind to be produced in America ) of Four Old Plays of the early English Renaissance . Though there were no graduate schools in America at the time , a loan from a benefactor , Jonathan I. Bowditch , to whom the book was dedicated , enabled Child to take a leave of absence from his teaching duties to pursue his studies in Germany . There Child studied English drama and Germanic philology at the University of Göttingen , which conferred on him an honorary doctorate , and at Humboldt University , Berlin , where he heard lectures by the linguists Grimm and was much influenced by them .
In 1851 , at the age of 26 , Child succeeded Edward T. Channing as Harvard 's Boylston Professor of Rhetoric and Oratory , a position he held until Adams Sherman Hill was appointed to the professorship in 1876 . Harvard had at that time an enrollment of 382 undergraduates and a faculty of 14 , including the president of the University , who was then James Walker .
As a mathematician , wrote folklore scholar David E. Bynum , Child came to his interest `` in what he variously called 'popular ' , 'primitive ' , or 'traditional ' balladry ' '' ( that is , in oral literature , then deemed `` primitive '' because its stylistic features antedate the invention of writing ) not by accident `` but by force of logic '' :
Child well understood how indispensable good writing and good speaking are to civilization , or as many would now prefer to say , to society . For him , writing and speaking were not only the practical means by which men share useful information , but also the means whereby they formulate and share values , including the higher order of values that give meaning to life and purpose to human activities of all sorts . Concerned as he thus so greatly was with rhetoric , oratory , and the motives of those mental disciplines , Child was inevitably drawn into pondering the essential differences between speech and writing , and to searching for the origins of thoughtful expression in English .
During the twenty-five years Child was Professor of Rhetoric at Harvard he undertook general editorial supervision of the publication of a 130-volume collection of the works of the British poets , many not previously generally available to the reading public , which began appearing 1853 . The volumes on the works of Edmund Spenser ( five volumes , Boston , 1855 ) and the English and Scottish Ballads ( in eight small volumes , Boston , 1857–1858 ) , Child edited himself . Child planned a critical edition of the works of Chaucer , as well . He soon realized that this could not be done , however , since only one early ( and faulty ) text was available . He therefore wrote a treatise , blandly titled `` Observations on the Language of Chaucer '' , published in the Memoirs of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences ( 1863 ) , intended to make such an edition possible .
Child 's linguistic researches are largely responsible for how Chaucerian grammar , pronunciation , and scansion are now generally understood .
Child 's largest undertaking , however , grew out of the original English and Scottish Ballads volume in his British Poets series . The material for this volume was mostly derived from texts in previously published books . In compiling this work he realized that the folio manuscript of Percy 's Reliques , from which most of these texts were drawn , was not available for public inspection , and he set about to remedy this situation . In the 1860s he campaigned energetically for public support to enable the Early English Text Society , founded by philologist Frederick James Furnivall , to obtain a copy of Percy 's Folio and publish it , which they did in 1868 . Child and Furnivall then went on to found The Ballad Society , with a view to publishing other important early ballad collections , such as that of Samuel Pepys .
In 1876 , University of California President Daniel Coit Gilman offered Child a research professorship at the newly established Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , which Gilman was in the process of organizing . Johns Hopkins was the first American university conceived on the German research model initiated by Wilhelm von Humboldt and divided into departments representing `` the branches of knowledge '' , with elective subjects and a graduate school dedicated to advanced studies . In order to retain him , Harvard 's president Charles William Eliot created the title of `` Professor of English '' especially for Child , freeing him from supervising oral recitations and correcting composition papers so that he could have more time for research . Thereafter , Child devoted himself to the comparative study of British vernacular ballads , using methods adopted from historical comparative philology to arrive at the earliest attested versions .
Child considered that folk ballads came from a more democratic time in the past when society was not so rigidly segregated into classes , and the `` true voice '' of the people could therefore be heard . He conceived `` the people '' as comprising all the classes of society , rich , middle , and poor , and not only those engaged in manual labor as Marxists sometimes use the word . Although Child concentrated his collections on manuscript texts with a view to determining their chronology , he also gave a sedulous but conservative hearing to popular versions still surviving . Child carried his investigations into the ballads of languages other than English , engaging in extensive international correspondence on the subject with colleagues abroad , primarily with the Danish literary historian and ethnographer Svend Grundtvig , whose monumental twelve-volume compilation of Danish ballads , Danmarks gamle Folkeviser , vols . 1–12 ( Copenhagen , 1853 ) , was the model for Child 's resulting canonical five-volume edition of some 305 English and Scottish ballads and their numerous variants . Since the ballads were known to have been a pan-European , Turkish , and North African phenomenon , Child and Grundtvig also consulted with numerous scholars in other parts of the world , such as , for example , the Sicilian physician , folklorist , and ethnographer Giuseppe Pitrè . Professor Child served two terms as president , in 1888 and 1889 , of the American Folklore Society , which was founded with the mission of collecting and preserving African-American and Native American folklore equally that of European derivation .
Worked and overworked to the last , he died in Boston after completing his task – apart from a planned general introduction and bibliography . A biographical introduction was prefixed to the work by his student , and successor , George Lyman Kittredge .
Child added to the Harvard University Library one of the largest folklore collections in existence . Kittredge succeeded him as Professor of English literature and modern languages at Harvard and considered himself the custodian of Child 's scholarly legacy . Kittredge was president of the American Folklore Society in 1904 .
All the earlier , printed sources known to Child , ( 'The Child Ballads ' ) , are subsumed , and progressed upon in number and research by Steve Roud , in the Roud Folk Song Index .
He is buried in the cemetery in Stockbridge , Massachusetts , in the `` Sedgwick Pie '' , since ( like his good friend Charles Eliot Norton ) , he had married into the Sedgwick family . ( Child 's grave is not far from that of Elizabeth Freeman ( Mum Bett ) , the first enslaved African American to sue for her freedom in the courts based on the law of the 1780 constitution of the state of Massachusetts , which held that `` all men are born free and equal . '' The jury agreed and in 1781 she won her freedom . Her lawyer had been Theodore Sedgwick . )
The English and Scottish Popular Ballads
Child 's monumental final collection was published as The English and Scottish Popular Ballads in 1882–1898 , at first in ten parts ( the tenth , posthumously ) and then in five quarto volumes , and for a long time was the authoritative treasury of their subject . The `` English '' and `` Scottish '' of the title notwithstanding , it was an international piece of research , with references that include thirty different language sources .
A commemorative article in the 2006 edition of the Harvard Magazine states : Child 's enthusiasm and erudition shine throughout his systematic attempt to set the British ballad tradition in context with others , whether Danish , Serbian , or Turkish . He made no attempt to conceal or apologize for the sexuality , theatrical violence , and ill-concealed paganism of many ballads , but it is characteristic of the man that in his introduction to `` Hugh of Lincoln , '' an ancient work about the purported murder of a Christian child by a Jew , he wrote , `` And these pretended child-murders , with their horrible consequences , are only a part of the persecution which , with all moderation , may be rubricated as the most disgraceful chapter in the history of the human race . ''
Since Child did not live to complete the planned introduction to his work which was to have explained his methodology , it has sometimes been alleged his selection was arbitrary and based purely on personal taste . The most recent edition of the ballads , however , published in 2002 , now includes Child 's rediscovered essay , `` Ballad Poetry , '' which he had published anonymously in 1874 . Reviewing the new edition , Ian Olson notes that the rediscovered essay : gives considerable insight into Child 's thinking after he had published his `` first go '' of English and Scottish Ballads in 1857-59 and was in the process of researching and reconsidering his last great work . It may not be Child 's `` final statement '' that we all wish he had lived to make , but it comes close in many ways , and nicely complements the original Introduction to 1880s English and Scottish Popular Ballads made by Child 's successor , George Lyman Kittredge ( retained in this volume ) .
Owing to the indelicate nature of their theme , certain traditional ballads such as The Crabfish were deliberately excluded from this work . For a listing of all the Child ballad types , and links to more information on each individual type , see List of the Child Ballads .
See also
Il Pesceballo
Notes
References
Atkinson , David . `` The English Revival Canon : Child Ballads and the Invention of Tradition '' . The Journal of American Folklore : 114 : 453 ( Summer , 2001 ) : 370-80 .
_ The English Traditional Ballad : Theory , Method , and Practice . Aldershot , UK and Burlington , Vt. : Ashgate , 2002 .
Brown , Mary Ellen . Child 's Unfinished Masterpiece : The English and Scottish Popular Ballads . University of Illinois Press , 2011 .
_ . `` Child 's Gallant Army of Auxiliaries '' . Journal of Folklore Research 43 : 2 ( May–August 2006 ) : 89-108 .
Cheeseman , Tom , and Sigrid Rieuwerts , editors . Ballads into Books : The Legacies of Francis James Child . Selected Papers from the 26th International Ballad Conference ( SIEF Ballad Commission ) , Swansea , Wales , 19–24 July 1996 . Berlin ( etc . ) : Peter Lang Verlagsgruppe , ( Second Revised Edition ) 1999 .
Graff , Gerald . Professing Literature : An Institutional History . University of Chicago Press , 1987 .
Rieuwerts , Sigrid . `` 'The Genuine Ballads of the People ' : F. J . Child and the Ballad Cause '' . Journal of Folklore Research , 31 : 1-3 ( 1994 ) : 1-34 .
Rudy , Jill Terry . `` Considering Rhetoric 's Wayward Child : Ballad Scholarship and Intradisciplinary Conflict . '' Journal of Folklore Research : 35 : 2 ( May 1998 ) : 85–98 .
_ . `` Transforming Audiences for Oral Tradition : Child , Kittredge , Thompson , and Connections of Folklore and English Studies . '' College English : 66 : 5 ( May 2004 ) .
External links
Biography of Francis James Child at The Contemplator
Burgess , John . `` Francis James Child : Brief Life of a Victorian Enthusiast : 1825-1896 '' . Harvard Magazine , May-June , 2006.Olson , Ian . Review of Mark and Laura Heiman 's Corrected Second Edition of Francis James Child 's English and Scottish Popular Ballads , volume 1 , in Musical Traditions internet magazine , May 14 , 2002 .
`` Francis James Child '' entry 43 in The Cambridge History of English and American Literature in 18 Volumes ( 1907–21 ) . Volume XVIII . Later National Literature , Part III , XXV . Scholars , no . 43 . `` Francis James Child '' .
Project Gutenberg free e-texts of The English and Scottish Ballads '' are available in several formats : Volume 1 ; Volume 2 ; Volume 3 ; Volume 4 . [ Other volumes in preparation . ]
American folklorists
American folk-song collectors
American educational theorists
Harvard University faculty
1825 births
1896 deaths
Harvard University alumni
English High School of Boston alumni
Sedgwick family
Presidents of the American Folklore Society
The Larks were an American vocal group , active in the early 1950s . They were not the same group as the Los Angeles-based Larks ( originally The Meadowlarks ) featuring Don Julian , nor the Philadelphia-based group The Four Larks .
Original members
Eugene `` Gene '' Mumford ( June 24 , 1925 - May 29 , 1977 ) ( tenor , lead )
Allen ( or Alden ) Bunn ( known later as Tarheel Slim ) ( September 24 , 1923 – August 21 , 1977 ) ( baritone , lead , guitar )
Thermon ( or Thurmon ) Ruth ( known later than T. Ruth ) ( March 6 , 1914 – September 13 , 2002 ) ( baritone , lead )
Hadie Rowe Jr. ( 1928 - September 19 , 1998 ) ( baritone )
David McNeil ( 1932 - January 8 , 2005 ) ( bass )
Raymond `` Pee Wee '' Barnes ( tenor )
Career of the group
The story of the Larks begins in the late 1920s , when singer Thermon Ruth founded the Selah Jubilee Singers in New York City , later basing them in Raleigh , North Carolina where they had a radio show . They recorded for Decca Records and other smaller labels in the 1940s , and their membership overlapped with other religious vocal groups in the area , including The Southern Harmonaires . In 1945 , Ruth tried to persuade Eugene Mumford of one of these groups , The Four Interns , to join the Selah Jubilee Singers , but before he could do so , Mumford was charged with the attempted rape of a white woman , convicted and imprisoned . He was innocent of the crime and later received a full pardon .
In 1946 , Allen Bunn joined The Southern Harmonaires , and soon afterwards joined Thermon Ruth in the Selah Jubilee Singers as the group 's guitarist and second lead singer . Three years later , Ruth and Bunn decided to leave to form a new group , The Jubilators . They linked up with Mumford , now released from prison , and with three members of The Southern Harmonaires , David McNeil , Hadie Rowe Jr. , and Raymond `` Pee Wee '' Barnes .
In 1950 , the six-man group drove to New York to record . On one single day , they recorded 17 songs for four different labels , under four different names . Initially , billing themselves as the Selah Jubilee Singers , they recorded four gospel songs for Jubilee Records , before moving on to record as `` The Jubilators '' for Regal Records in New Jersey . Then they drove to Newark , recording four secular blues songs , including `` Lemon Squeezer '' , as `` The 4 Barons '' for Savoy Records . Finally , they drove back to Apollo Records in Manhattan , where , as The Southern Harmonaires , they recorded four more gospel tracks . However , Apollo owner Bess Berman realized the subterfuge . She signed them to a contract which allowed the other companies to release the other recordings , but wanted to promote them as a secular R & B rather than a gospel group .
At this point the group became The Larks , named along the lines of other `` bird '' groups like The Ravens and The Orioles . Their earliest recordings featured Mumford on lead vocal , on `` When I Leave These Prison Walls '' and `` My Reverie '' , the latter recorded after Rowe had left the group on being drafted into the Army . However , chart success did not come until later in 1951 , when the blues `` Eyesight to the Blind '' , with Bunn on lead vocals and guitar , made # 5 on the R & B charts . This was followed up by another R & B top ten hit , `` Little Side Car '' , a reworking of Smokey Hogg 's `` Too Many Drivers ” . This period was the height of The Larks ' popularity – they appeared on the Perry Como and Arthur Godfrey TV shows , toured with Percy Mayfield , and recorded with Mahalia Jackson .
Early in 1952 , however , Bunn left for a solo career , first recording blues for Apollo , accompanied by Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee , and then moving to Bobby Robinson 's Red Robin label in 1953 ( on some records as `` Allen Baum '' ) . Barnes also left The Larks in early 1952 to become a R & B , jazz and rock 'n ' roll session guitarist . Shortly afterwards , McNeil also left to replace Bill Brown in The Dominoes . Thermon Ruth relocated back to North Carolina , and The Larks as a group effectively then ceased to exist for a while .
Gene Mumford joined gospel group The Golden Gate Quartet , but in 1953 he decided to return to secular music . He recruited the quartet 's Orville Brooks and pianist Glenn Burgess , and singers David `` Boots '' Bowers and Isaiah Bing of the King Odom Four , this group then becoming the new incarnation of The Larks . Bess Berman at Apollo wanted the group to develop as a mainstream pop music group , rather than an R & B group , and they released a number of singles in that vein . They also appeared in the movie Rhythm & Blues Revue . However , commercial success eluded them , and the second Larks disbanded in 1955 .
Subsequent solo careers
Mumford first joined the Serenaders , and then joined David McNeil in Billy Ward & the Dominoes , where he replaced Jackie Wilson . As the Dominoes ' lead singer , he was responsible for two big hits in 1957 , `` Stardust '' and `` Deep Purple '' . Later , both Mumford and McNeil performed as members of a version of The Ink Spots . Mumford died in 1977 . McNeil continued as a member of `` The Fabulous Ink Spots '' until 1989 , dying in 2005 .
Thermon Ruth continued his activities as a prominent and influential deejay , MC and promoter , often billed as T. Ruth . In 1955 , he succeeded for the first time in the history of American entertainment in signing a gospel group , the Selah Jubilee Singers , to play in a commercial theater .
Bunn continued his musical career after his early solo recordings , initially as manager and guitarist of R & B group The Wheels and then , in 1956 , as one half of The Lovers with Anna Lee Sanford , who became his wife . The pair had a minor R & B hit in 1957 with `` Darling It 's Wonderful '' , and another in 1959 with `` It 's Too Late '' on Bobby Robinson 's Fire label , this time credited as `` Tarheel Slim and Little Ann '' . He also recorded in a rockabilly style , on songs such as 1959 's `` Number Nine Train '' . In the mid-1960s , Tarheel and Ann recorded soul music , and in the early 1970s Tarheel Slim made further recordings including a largely solo blues album , No Time At All , on Trix Records . As a result , Bunn performed at blues and folk festivals until his death in 1977 .
References
External links
Biography of The Larks by Marv Goldberg
Biography of The Larks by J.C. Marion
Episode 5 : Coffee
The Larks - Little Side Car - 1951
The Larks - Rockin ' In The Rocket Room - 1954
The Larks - Forget It - 1954
African-American musical groups
American vocal groups
Jubilee Records artists
Decca Records artists
Fury Records artists
Apollo Records artists
The Campanile of Trinity College Dublin is a bell tower and one of its most iconic landmarks . Donated by then Archbishop of Armagh , Lord John Beresford it was designed by Sir Charles Lanyon , sculpted by Thomas Kirk and finished in 1853 .
Location
It is located in what is considered the middle of Trinity College , however its actual location is in the northwest of college ( the actual middle being the Museum Building ) . At the central axis of the college 's Library Square , to the north is the Graduates Memorial Building , south the college 's Old Library , east The Rubrics , to the west Trinity College 's Front Gate and Regent House . It is the most recent bell tower in a long line dating back to the original tower of the monastery of All Hallows .
Design
The entire structure stands at tall and is mainly granite in composition with its carvings being of portland stone . Lanyon had originally intended the campanile to be linked to the buildings on either side ( Old Library and Graduates Memorial Building ) by an `` arcaded screen '' , however this was never realised .
Base
The base has paired rusticated Doric pilasters with portland entablature blocks . Between each pillar of the base are four round-headed arches , and each archway has a keystone . These keystones each have detailed carved heads , which depict Homer , Socrates , Plato and Demosthenes - representing the liberal arts .
Before the belfry , is a stepped circular base made of granite . At the corners of the campanile , seated and supported by this circular base are the Higher Faculties represented in four deceptive figures of Divinity , Science , Medicine and Law sculpted from portland stone by Irish sculptor Thomas Kirk .
Belfry
The belfry is a cylindrical chamber encircled by Corinthian columns , between which are tall , round-head traceried windows with cast iron grills .
The base of the belfry also has four carved coats of arms at each side , almost directly above the carved keystone faces below . Each coat of arms faces out onto a prominent location in the college , and symbolize strong connections it had with external forces .
These four coats of arms are those of :
Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom , from 1837 . It faces onto Parliament Square .
Trinity College Dublin , though a 19th-century variant , with the Lion Passant Guardian rather than simply Passant and the Castle towers are Flamant rather than domed . This is slightly different from the original of the college , and can also be seen on the Museum Building . It faces onto Library Square .
Arms of Lord John Beresford , the second son of the first Marquess of Waterford , who was the Chancellor of the University . It faces onto Botany Bay .
Archbishopric of Armagh , and impaled with those of Lord John Beresford . It faces onto Fellows ' Square .
Dome and lantern
Over the belfry are two domes which are covered in decorative scale-patterns . The first is the larger of the two and has carved scrollwork ribs that continue vertically from the columns of the belfry . The smaller dome sits directly above the larger , commonly referred to as a lantern rather than a dome . The entire campanile is then topped by a gilded cross .
Tradition and Superstition
A college tradition and superstition holds that any student who passes beneath the campanile when the bell tolls will fail their exams , causing some to never pass under it until they finish their time at Trinity College .. There is another student legend that the bell will ring automatically when a virgin stands underneath it . This was the subject of a cartoon in Trinity News c. 1966 , by Nick Robinson , which showed a forlorn student couple standing under the Campanile while the bell remained silent . The boy says to the girl `` Maybe if you jump up and down a little '' .
The campanile is also featured in the buildering tradition of the Dublin University Climbing Club . Climbing the campanile under cover of night is considered the `` most impressive climb , and one of the most difficult '' attempted by club members on college grounds .
References
External links
Virtual Tour
Trinity College Dublin
Buildings and structures completed in 1853
Buildings and structures in Dublin ( city )
Buildings and structures of Trinity College Dublin
Big Lonely Doug is a large Coast Douglas-fir ( Pseudotsuga menziesii ) tree located in the Gordon River Valley of Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada . It is the second largest Douglas-fir tree in Canada after the Red Creek Fir in nearby San Juan Valley .
History
The tree was seeded sometime around 1000 CE .
In 2011 , logger Dennis Cronin discovered the enormous tree while surveying a patch of forest that was to be logged for timber . He wrapped a ribbon around the tree and wrote `` Leave Tree '' on the ribbon , saving it from being felled . In 2014 , photographer and activist T.J. Watt happened upon the tree and named it `` Big Lonely Doug '' , a play on the tree 's species name and its relative isolation amid the clearcut . The tree has since become a symbol of nature conservation in Canada .
Dimensions
These measurements were made by forest ecologist Andy MacKinnon on behalf of the Ancient Forest Alliance and University of British Columbia on 18 April 2014 . The results were published the following week on 24 April 2014 .
See also
Boole - a giant sequoia whose immediate surroundings were also clearcut
List of individual trees
References
External links
Drone footage of Big Lonely Doug , August 2016
Individual Douglas firs
Individual trees in British Columbia
Juan de Fuca region
Neuroecology studies ways in which the structure and function of the brain results from adaptations to a specific habitat and niche .
It integrates the multiple disciplines of neuroscience , which examines the biological basis of cognitive and emotional processes , such as perception , memory , and decision-making , with the field of ecology , which studies the relationship between living organisms and their physical environment .
In biology , the term 'adaptation ' signifies the way evolutionary processes enhance an organism 's fitness to survive within a specific ecological context . This fitness includes the development of physical , cognitive , and emotional adaptations specifically suited to the environmental conditions in which the organism or phenotype lives , and in which its species or genotype evolves .
Neuroecology concentrates specifically on neurological adaptations , particularly those of the brain . The purview of this study encompasses two areas . Firstly , neuroecology studies how the physical structure and functional activity of neural networks in a phenotype is influenced by characteristics of the environmental context . This includes the way social stressors , interpersonal relationships , and physical conditions precipitate persistent alterations in the individual brain , providing the neural correlates of cognitive and emotional responses . Secondly , neuroecology studies how neural structure and activity common to a genotype is determined by natural selection of traits that benefit survival and reproduction in a specific environment .
See also
Evolutionary ecology
Evolutionary psychology
References
External links
Cognitive Neuroecology Lab at the FMRIB Centre of the University of Oxford ( UK ) and Donders Institute in Nijmegen ( Netherlands )
Behavioral neuroscience
Evolutionary biology
Ecology terminology
Neuroscience
Ecology
Moschopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calyceraceae , native to the mid-Andes of South America ; Peru , Chile and Argentina . They are compact perennial succulents appearing somewhat like small heads of broccoli or artichokes .
Species
Currently accepted species include :
Moschopsis ameghinoi ( Speg . ) Dusén
Moschopsis caleofuensis ( Speg . ) Dusén
Moschopsis leyboldii Phil .
Moschopsis monocephala ( Phil . ) Reiche
Moschopsis subandina ( Speg . ) Dusén
Moschopsis trilobata Dusén
References
Calyceraceae
Asterales genera
The 1961 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 30th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Galway entered the championship as defending champions , however , they were defeated in the Connacht Championship .
On 24 September 1961 , Cork won the championship following a 3-7 to 0-5 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final . This was their first All-Ireland title .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
References
1961
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Waldo County is a county in the state of Maine , in the United States . As of the 2020 census , the population was 39,607 . Its county seat is Belfast . The county was founded on 7 February 1827 from a portion of Hancock County and named after Brigadier-General Samuel Waldo , proprietor of the Waldo Patent .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has an area of , of which is land and ( 14 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Penobscot County – northeast
Hancock County – east
Knox County – south
Lincoln County – southwest
Kennebec County – west
Somerset County – northwest
National protected area
Carlton Pond Waterfowl Production Area
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 36,280 people , 14,726 households , and 10,057 families living in the county . The population density was 50 people per square mile ( 19/km2 ) . There were 18,904 housing units at an average density of 26 per square mile ( 10/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.89 % White , 0.19 % Black or African American , 0.40 % Native American , 0.21 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.16 % from other races , and 1.15 % from two or more races . 0.59 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 24.8 % were of English , 14.7 % United States or American , 12.7 % Irish , 8.5 % French and 5.6 % German ancestry . 97.1 % spoke English and 1.5 % French as their first language .
There were 14,726 households , out of which 30.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.20 % were married couples living together , 9.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.70 % were non-families . 24.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.88 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 7.50 % from 18 to 24 , 27.80 % from 25 to 44 , 26.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females there were 96.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 33,986 , and the median income for a family was $ 40,402 . Males had a median income of $ 29,644 versus $ 23,816 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,438 . About 10.90 % of families and 13.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.60 % of those under age 18 and 12.20 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census , there were 38,786 people , 16,431 households , and 10,627 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 21,566 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1 % white , 0.4 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.4 % black or African American , 0.2 % from other races , and 1.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 26.3 % were English , 21.0 % were Irish , 19.0 % were French , 9.2 % American , 7.0 % Scottish , 6.6 % Italian , 2.7 % Polish , and 2.2 % Scotch-Irish .
Of the 16,431 households , 27.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.0 % were married couples living together , 9.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 35.3 % were non-families , and 27.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.81 . The median age was 44.1 years .
The county 's median household income was $ 41,312 and the median family income was $ 50,222 . Males had a median income of $ 38,960 versus $ 30,321 for females . The county 's per capita income was $ 22,213 . About 10.2 % of families and 14.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.9 % of those under age 18 and 11.6 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Prior to the late 20th century , Waldo County was a solidly Republican county , going for Democrats only once between 1920 and 1988 . It was one of the counties that voted for Ross Perot in 1992 . In each election of the 21st century , Waldo County was won by a Democrat , but never with more than 55 % of the vote .
| }
Communities
City
Belfast ( county seat )
Towns
Belmont
Brooks
Burnham
Frankfort
Freedom
Islesboro
Jackson
Knox
Liberty
Lincolnville
Monroe
Montville
Morrill
Northport
Palermo
Prospect
Searsmont
Searsport
Stockton Springs
Swanville
Thorndike
Troy
Unity
Waldo
Winterport
Census-designated places
Searsport
Unity
Winterport
Other unincorporated villages
East Thorndike
East Troy
Sandy Point
Cultural references
Waldo County features in Nathaniel Hawthorne 's classic novel The House of the Seven Gables as the site of extensive landholdings once claimed by the formerly aristocratic Pyncheon family .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waldo County , Maine
References
External links
Official Website of Waldo County
Maine Genealogy : Waldo County , Maine
Maine counties
1827 establishments in Maine
Populated places established in 1827
Live My Life is the third studio album by Boris . It was released at 30 January 2009 , on the Bo-Rush / Upper Room label , and distributed by Rough Trade Benelux . Main producer is Antoon Tolsma ( DutchFlower ) . The preliminary single `` If You Wan na Roll with Me '' has been released on 7 November 2008 .
The album reached the charts with a number 4 entry during the first week in the Dutch Album Top 100 .
Track listing
All songs were written by Boris Titulaer and Anthony Tolsma , except where noted .
`` Bubblin ' '' – 2:54
`` Everything About You '' – 3:12
`` If You Wan na Roll With Me '' – 2:26
`` Stupid Again '' – 3:32
`` Live My Life '' ( Titulaer , Tolsma , B. Tam ) – 3:19
`` One World '' – 3:17
`` Loosen Up '' – 4:30
`` I 'm Sorry '' – 3:12
`` Leave it Alone '' ( Titulaer , Marcus Machado , Micheal Johnson ) – 4:36
`` The Ohhhh Song '' – 3:44
`` I Want You to Know '' ( Titulaer , Machado , Johnson ) – 4:36
`` Do You Love Me '' ( Titulaer , Machado ) – 4:59 ( + hidden track – One World ( Acoustic ) )
References
Boris Titulaer albums
2009 albums
Xenocyon ( `` strange dog '' ) is an extinct subgenus of Canis . The group includes Canis ( Xenocyon ) africanus , Canis ( Xenocyon ) antonii and Canis ( Xenocyon ) falconeri that gave rise to Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycanoides . The hypercarnivorous Xenocyon gave rise to the modern dhole and the African wild dog .
Taxonomy
Xenocyon is proposed as a subgenus of Canis named Canis ( Xenocyon ) . One taxonomic authority proposes that as part of this subgenus , the group named Canis ( Xenocyon ) ex gr . falconeri ( ex gr . meaning `` of the group including '' ) would include all of the large hypercarnivorous canids that inhabited the Old World during the Late Pliocene–Early Pleistocene : Canis ( Xenocyon ) africanus in Africa , Canis ( Xenocyon ) antonii in Asia and Canis ( Xenocyon ) falconeri in Europe . Further , these three could be regarded as extreme geographical variations within the one taxon . This group was hypercanivorous , had a large body size that is comparable with the northern populations of the modern gray wolf ( Canis lupus ) and are characterized by a short neurocranium relative to their skull size .
The ancestral condition for canids is to have five toes on their forelimbs , but by the Early Pleistocene this lineage had reduced this to four , which is also a characteristic feature of the modern African wild dog ( Lycaon pictus ) . The African wild dog can not be positively identified in the fossil record of eastern Africa until the middle Pleistocene , and identifying the oldest Lycaon fossil is difficult because these are hard to distinguish from Canis ( Xenocyon ) africanus . Some authors consider Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycanoides as ancestral to the genera Lycaon and Cuon . Therefore , one taxonomic authority has proposed that all of the Canis ( Xenocyon ) group should be reclassified into the genus Lycaon . This would form three chronospecies : Lycaon falconeri during the Late Pliocene of Eurasia , Lycaon lycaonoides during the Early Middle Pleistocene of Eurasia and Africa and Lycaon pictus from the Middle Late Pleistocene to present .
Species
Canis ( Xenocyon ) africanus
The species was originally named Canis africanus ( Pohle 1928 ) but was later reassigned as Canis ( Xenocyon ) africanus . It existed during the Late Pliocene and Early Pleistocene of Africa .
Canis ( Xenocyon ) antonii
The species was originally named Canis antonii ( Zdansky 1924 ) but was later reassigned as Canis ( Xenocyon ) antonii . It existed during the late Pliocene and Early Pleistocene of Asia . The name was applied to Late Pliocene fossils of canids with hypercarnivorous dentition that were found in China at the sites Loc . 33 ( Yang Shao Tsun in Henan Province ) , Loc . 64 ( Chihli Province ) . and Fan Tsun ( Shansi Province ) . The species was recorded in Europe as Canis ( Xenocyon ) falconeri .
Canis ( Xenocyon ) falconeri
Upper Valdarno is the name given to that part of the Arno valley situated in the provinces of Florence and Arezzo , Italy . The region is bounded by the Pratomagno mountain range to the north and east and by the Chianti mountains to the south and west . The Upper Valdarno Basin has provided the remains of three fossil canid species dated to the Late Villafranchian era of Europe 1.9-1.8 million years ago that arrived with a faunal turnover around that time ( Early Pleistocene ) . It is here that the Swiss paleontologist Charles Immanuel Forsyth Major discovered Falconer 's wolf ( Canis falconeri ) ( Forsyth Major 1877 ) . The species was later reassigned as Canis ( Xenocyon ) falconeri , but was later regarded as the European arrival of Canis ( Xenocyon ) antonii . The species gave rise to Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycanoides .
Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycaonoides
The species was originally named Xenocyon lycaonoides ( Kretzoi 1938 ) but was later reassigned as Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycanoides .
Another view is that lycaonoides and falconeri should be classified under genus Lycaon , to give the descent of 3 chronospecies : L. falconeri Late Pliocene of Eurasia → L. lycaonoides Early Pleistocene
and the beginning of the Middle Pleistocene of Eurasia and Africa → L. pictus Middle–Late Pleistocene and now the extant African descendant .
The diversity of the wolf-sized species decreased by the end of the Early Pleistocene and into the Middle Pleistocene of Europe and Asia . These wolves include the large hypercarnivorous Canis ( Xenocyon ) lycaonoides that was comparable in size with the modern gray wolf ( C. lupus ) northern populations and the small Mosbach wolf ( C. mosbachensis ) that is comparable in size to the modern Indian wolf ( C. l. pallipes ) . Both types of wolves could be found existing from England and Greece across Europe to the high latitudes of Siberia through to Transbaikalia , Tajikistan , Mongolia , and China . The true gray wolves did not make an appearance until the end of the Middle Pleistocene , 500-300 thousand years ago .
Fossil evidence to dated 1.8 million years ago from Dmanisi , Georgia in the southern Caucasus suggests that they were cooperative hunters which cared for their sick , injured and disabled pack members similar to the modern grey wolf .
It preyed on antelope , deer , elephant calves , aurochs , baboons , wild horses and possibly humans . It was probably the ancestor of the African wild dog ( Lycaon pictus ) and possibly the dhole ( Cuon alpinus ) of southeastern Asia , the extinct Sardinian dhole ( Cynotherium sardous ) and perhaps two extinct Javanese dogs ( Merriam 's dog ( Megacyon merriami ) and the Trinil dog ( Mececyon trinilensis ) ) .
Just before the appearance of the dire wolf ( Aenocyon dirus ) , North America was invaded by the genus Xenocyon , which was as large as A. dirus and more hypercarnivorous . The fossil record shows them as rare and it is assumed that they could not compete with the newly derived A. dirus . These have been ascribed to Xenocyon lycaonoides , with Xenocyon texanus from as far south as Texas as its taxonomic synonym .
References
Canis
Prehistoric canines
Pleistocene carnivorans
Pleistocene mammals of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1938
Carenum purpureum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1897 .
References
purpureum
Beetles described in 1897
Hohenklingen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Stein am Rhein of the Canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
Hohenklingen is nominated for the Swiss Location Award 2021 .
The Castle has been spared from war damage in the course of its history . Its silhouette with walls and roofs still corresponds to the medieval appearance from 1200 to 1422 .
Hohenklingen was the first toll castle at the river Rhine and is about 5 miles away from the Rhine Falls . Stein am Rhein is also the last town before the German Border . Lake Constance ends here and is part of the border between Switzerland and Germany , with Germany on the north bank and Switzerland on the south , except both sides are Swiss in Stein am Rhein , where the High Rhine flows out of the lake .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Visiting Castle Hohenklingen
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Schaffhausen
Stein am Rhein
Castles in the canton of Schaffhausen
Toll castles
There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Stanley , all in the Baronetage of England . Two of the creations are extant as of 2010 .
The Stanley Baronetcy , of Bickerstaffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster , was created in the Baronetage of England on 26 June 1627 . For more information on this creation , see the Earl of Derby .
The Stanley Baronetcy , of Alderley Hall in the County of Chester , was created in the Baronetage of England on 25 June 1660 . For more information on this creation , see the Baron Stanley of Alderley .
The Stanley , later Stanley-Massey-Stanley , later Errington Baronetcy , of Hooton in the County of Chester , was created in the Baronetage of England on 17 June 1661 . For more information on this creation , see Errington baronets .
The Stanley Baronetcy , of Grange Gorman in the County of Dublin , was created in the Baronetage of England on 13 April 1699 for John Stanley , subsequently Chief Secretary for Ireland . The title became extinct on his death in 1744 .
Stanley baronets , of Bickerstaffe ( 1627 )
see Earl of Derby
Stanley baronets , of Alderley Hall ( 1660 )
Sir Edward Stanley , 5th Baronet
Sir John Thomas Stanley FRSE , 6th Baronet ( 26 March 1735 – 29 November 1807 )
Sir John Thomas Stanley , 7th Baronet ( raised to Baron )
see also Baron Stanley of Alderley
Stanley baronets , of Hooton ( 1661 )
see Errington baronets
Stanley baronets , of Grange Gorman ( 1699 )
Sir John Stanley , 1st Baronet ( 1663–1744 )
Notes
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 ,
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
Stanley family
1627 establishments in England
`` Baby I'm-a Want You '' is a song by American soft rock band Bread . The single was released in October 1971 and became the title track for the album of the same name , released in January 1972 .
It was one of Bread 's highest-charting singles in both the U.S. and UK . In the U.S. , it reached No . 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in November 1971 , the third of Bread 's four top-five hits ( `` Make It with You '' , No . 1 in 1970 ; `` If '' , No . 4 earlier in 1971 ; and `` Everything I Own '' , from the same album , No . 5 in 1972 ) . `` Baby I'm-a Want You '' reached the top of the Easy Listening chart and rose to No . 14 on the UK Singles Chart in February 1972 .
It was certified as a gold record by the RIAA . As with virtually all of the band 's well-known recordings , the song was both written and produced by the band 's lead vocalist , David Gates .
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1971 ( U.S . )
References
Whitburn , Joel ( 1996 ) . The Billboard Book of Top 40 Hits , 6th Edition ( Billboard Publications )
External links
Song info at discogs.com
UK chart info at Official Charts Company
1971 songs
1971 singles
Bread ( band ) songs
Elektra Records singles
Songs written by David Gates
1970s ballads
Zverev ( , from зверь meaning beast ) is a Russian masculine surname also used in Belarus ; its feminine counterpart is Zvereva , Zverava ( ) . It may refer to
Alexander Zverev Sr. ( born 1960 ) , Soviet tennis player
Alexander Zverev ( born 1997 ) , German tennis player of Russian descent
Alexander Zverev ( born 1989 ) , Russian sprinter
Anatoly Zverev ( 1931–1986 ) , Soviet artist
Arseny Zverev ( 1900–1969 ) , Soviet finance minister
Ellina Zvereva ( born 1960 ) , Belarusian discus thrower
Mischa Zverev ( born 1987 ) , Russian-born German tennis player
Natasha Zvereva ( born 1971 ) , Belarusian tennis player
Nicolas Zverev ( 1887–1965 ) , Russian-French ballet dancer
Nikolai Zverev ( 1832–1893 ) , pianist and teacher of major Russian classical music figures
Yana Zvereva ( born 1989 ) , Russian épée fencer
See also
Zverev Bridge , a bridge in Moscow
Russian-language surnames
The Tovey Professorship of Music was established as a named chair at the University of Edinburgh by an ordinance ( no . 550 ) approved by the University Court in 1965 and by the Privy Council the following year . The first person appointed to the chair was Michael Tilmouth , in 1971 . He died in 1987 . The next appointment was Simon Frith , OBE , who held the chair from 2006 until retiring in 2017 .
References
Professorships at the University of Edinburgh
Spinomantis tavaratra is a species of frogs in the mantellid subfamily Mantellinae . It is endemic to the humid forests of northwestern Madagascar .
Taxonomy
This species was described in the genus Spinomantis by Cramer , Rabibisoa , and Raxworthy in 2008 . The species is named tavaratra is a Malagasy word for `` the north '' , referencing the provenance of this species in northern Madagascar .
Description
Adult males measure in snout–vent length ( SVL ) ; females measure . The species is also characterised by simple dermal spines of less than length on the posterior margin of the tarsus .
Habitat and ecology
Its natural habitats are primary forest near streams at elevations of above sea level , in Marojejy National Park but also on the Sorata massif . It is an arboreal species that breeds in streams .
References
tavaratra
Endemic frogs of Madagascar
Amphibians described in 2008
Carenum laevigatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1864 .
References
laevigatum
Beetles described in 1864
A two-dimensional liquid ( 2D liquid ) is a collection of objects constrained to move in a planar or other two-dimensional space in a liquid state .
Relations with 3D liquids
The movement of the particles in a 2D liquid is similar to 3D , but with limited degrees of freedom . E.g . rotational motion can be limited to rotation about only one axis , in contrast to a 3D liquid , where rotation of molecules about two or three axes would be possible .
The same is true for the translational motion . The particles in 2D liquids can move in a 2D plane , whereas the particles is a 3D liquid can move in three directions inside the 3D volume .
Vibrational motion is in most cases not constrained in comparison to 3D .
The relations with other states of aggregation ( see below ) are also analogously in 2D and 3D .
Relation to other states of aggregation
2D liquids are related to 2D gases . If the density of a 2D liquid is decreased , a 2D gas is formed . This was observed by scanning tunnelling microscopy under ultra-high vacuum ( UHV ) conditions for molecular adsorbates .
2D liquids are related to 2D solids . If the density of a 2D liquid is increased , the rotational degree of freedom is frozen and a 2D solid is created .
References
Liquids
Non-equilibrium thermodynamics
Statistical mechanics
Mary Jo Keenen is an American former television actress . She had regular roles as Nurse Julie Milbury on the Empty Nest spin-off Nurses , Gloria Elgis on City with Valerie Harper , and Stephanie James on My Wildest Dreams . She also guest-starred on series including Search for Tomorrow , Broken Badges , The Commish , The John Larroquette Show and Seinfeld . Her most recent TV role was on Everybody Loves Raymond in 1999 .
She has been married to writer and producer Mitchell Hurwitz since 1999 .
References
External links
American television actresses
Living people
Actresses from New Jersey
20th-century American actresses
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Westfield , New Jersey
An exchange , bourse ( ) , trading exchange or trading venue is an organized market where ( especially ) tradable securities , commodities , foreign exchange , futures , and options contracts are bought and sold .
History
12th century : Brokers on the Grand Bridge , France
In the twelfth century , foreign exchange dealers in France were responsible for controlling and regulating the debts of agricultural communities on behalf of banks . These were actually the first brokers . They met on the Grand Bridge in Paris , the current Pont au Change . It takes its name from the forex brokers .
13th century : Huis ter Beurze , Belgium
The term bourse is related to the 13th-century inn named `` Huis ter Beurze '' owned by family in Bruges , Belgium , where traders and foreign merchants from across Europe , especially the Italian Republics of Genoa , Florence and Venice , conducted business in the late medieval period . The building , which was established by Robert van der Beurze as a hostelry , had operated from 1285 . Its managers became famous for offering judicious financial advice to the traders and merchants who frequented the building . This service became known as the `` Beurze Purse '' which is the basis of bourse , meaning an organized place of exchange . Eventually , the building became solely a place for trading in commodities .
During the 18th century , the façade of the Huis ter Beurze was rebuilt with a wide frontage of pilasters . However , in 1947 it was restored to its original medieval appearance .
13th century–17th century : Italian city-states , Belgium and the Netherlands
In the thirteenth century , the Lombard bankers were the first to share state claims in Pisa , Genoa , and Florence . In 1409 , the phenomenon was institutionalized by the creation of the Exchange Bruges . It was quickly followed by others , in Flanders and neighboring countries ( Ghent and Amsterdam ) . It is still in Belgium and the first building designed to house a scholarship was built in Antwerp . The first scholarship organized in France was born in Lyon in 1540 .
The first documented crash took place in 1636 in Holland . The prices of tulip bulbs reaching excessively high levels , known as the Tulip mania . The price collapsed on October 1 .
In the seventeenth century , the Dutch were the first to use the stock market to finance companies . The first company to issue stocks and bonds was the Dutch East India Company , introduced in 1602 .
17th century : England and France
The London Stock Exchange started operating and listing shares and bonds in 1688 .
In 1774 , the Paris Stock Exchange ( founded in 1724 ) , say the courts , must now necessarily be shouted to improve the transparency of operations .
Contemporary history
In the nineteenth century , the industrial revolution enables rapid development of stock markets , driven by the significant capital requirements for the finance industry and transport . Since the computer revolution of the 1970s , we are witnessing the dematerialization of securities traded on the stock exchange .
In 1971 , the NASDAQ became the . In France , the dematerialization was effective from November 5 , 1984 .
The development of information technology during the late part of the 20th century led to a new type of electronic exchange that replaced the more traditional physical markets . This led to new definitions in financial regulations that recognized these new exchanges , such as the Multilateral trading facility in Europe and Alternative trading system in the United States . Regulators also started using the term trading venue to describe the wider definition which encompasses both traditional exchanges and electronic exchanges .
Description
Exchanges bring together brokers and dealers who buy and sell these objects . These various financial instruments can typically be sold either through the exchange , typically with the benefit of a clearing house to reduce settlement risk .
Exchanges can be subdivided :
By objects sold :
Stock exchange or securities exchange
Commodities exchange
Foreign exchange market – is rare today in the form of a specialized institution
By type of trade :
Classical exchange – for spot trades
Futures exchange or futures and options exchange – for derivatives
In practice , futures exchanges are usually commodity exchanges , i.e. , all derivatives , including financial derivatives , are usually traded at commodity exchanges . This has historical reasons : the first exchanges were stock exchanges . In the 19th century , exchanges were opened to trade forward contracts on commodities . Exchange-traded forward contracts are called futures contracts . These `` commodity exchanges '' later started offering future contracts on other products , such as interest rates and shares , as well as options contracts ; now they are generally known as futures exchanges .
For details , see :
Stock exchange ( securities exchange ) , List of stock exchanges , : Category : Stock exchanges
Commodity exchange ( futures exchange ) , List of futures exchanges , : Category : Futures exchanges
Foreign exchange market
See also
Commodity market
Private electronic market
Stock market
List of stock exchanges
Over-the-counter ( finance )
Notes and citations
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Commodity markets
Stock market
La ruleta de la suerte is an Uruguayan television game show based on the original American series Wheel of Fortune . Presented by Rafael Villanueva and Roxanne Machin , it is broadcast on Teledoce . The show debuted on August 11 , 2020 , being , its first episode , the fourth most viewed of the day , reaching 10.9 rating points . It airs on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 p.m .
In each episode , three participants face different blank word puzzles ; they must choose consonants and buy vowels , to solve common sayings and phrases . In this way , they manage to accumulate prizes , to be able to win a 0KM car .
Production
Initially , the show was going to be presented by Fernando Vilar , who had been summoned to host an entertainment program for the first time . However , after having participated in the rehearsals with the scenography prepared , he decided to abandon the project , arguing that he `` did not measure up '' to such a challenge . Finally , Rafael Villanueva was chosen to host the program .
As part of the advertising campaign for the show , on the morning of the debut day , the Desayunos informales team was invited to test the game on the set .
Ratings
References
External links
Official Website
Uruguayan television shows
Wheel of Fortune ( franchise )
Roulette and wheel games
2020 Uruguayan television series debuts
2020s Uruguayan television series
2020s Uruguayan television series debuts
Zehista is a village in the municipality of Pirna in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district of Saxony , Germany . It was incorporated into Pirna in 1930 . The place was mentioned for the first time in 1355 . It lies in the valley of the river Seidewitz , 2.5 km southwest of Pirna town centre .
References
Pirna
1350s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1355 establishments in Europe
Populated places established in the 1350s
WYNZ ( 100.9 MHz , `` Rewind 100.9 '' ) , is a commercial FM radio station licensed to South Portland , Maine , and serving the Portland metropolitan area . It is owned by Saga Communications and airs a classic hits radio format . The studios and offices are on Western Avenue in South Portland .
WYNZ has an effective radiated power ( ERP ) of 25,000 watts , but from a tower at only 93 meters ( 305 ft ) in height above average terrain ( HAAT ) , limiting its coverage area . That contrasts with other Portland stations such as WBLM and WFNK that have taller towers and are powered at 100,000 watts . WYNZ 's transmitter is behind the studios in South Portland , near the Maine Turnpike .
History
WRQN and WLOB-FM
On January 13 , 1976 , the station signed on as WRQN . It was a hot adult contemporary station . WRQN originally was licensed to Westbrook and owned by Japat , Inc .
WRQN was powered at less than 1,000 watts , only heard in Portland and its adjacent suburbs . In 1978 , it was sold to the owners of 1310 AM WLOB , whose management changed the FM station to album-oriented rock ( AOR ) as WLOB-FM .
Portland 's Best Rock
In the late 1970s , WLOB-FM was known as `` FM 101 - Portland 's Best Rock '' , giving progressive rock station 107.5 WBLM some serious competition and sometimes beating WBLM in the ratings as well . In late 1980 , the station was sold to Eastman Broadcasting , which was also in the process of purchasing 970 AM WCSH ( now WZAN ) .
Eastman changed WLOB-FM 's call sign to WYNZ-FM in December 1980 , while AM 970 became WYNZ , simulcasting the FM station . The AOR format remained . For the next year , the station was known as `` Z101 - Portland 's Best Rock '' . Some of the DJs on `` FM101/Z101-Portland 's Best Rock '' included Danny Shewster , G.V . Rapp , John Clark , Karen ( Tucker ) Payson , Bennie Green , Scott Schuster , Will Jackson and Jeff Spicer .
Adult Contemporary and Oldies
Eastman changed WYNZ-FM to an adult contemporary music format in November , 1981 , calling the station Y101 . At that point , Z101 veteran John Clark defected to Album Rock competitor WBLM and the new on-air line-up included morning man Bob Rose as well as Dean Rogers , Andy Kosinski and later Ted Talbot . WYNZ-AM-FM were sold to Buckley Broadcasting in the mid-1980s with the Y101 adult contemporary format remained in place .
In 1989 , WYNZ changed formats to Oldies . It was known as `` Portland 's Solid Gold , Y101-FM '' playing hits from the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s . Bob Rose remained on mornings as well as Ted Talbot handling afternoons . Andy Kosinski was the evening voice . Chuck Igo joined the station to handle middays . Bob Rose exited the station in the early 1990s and Dean Rogers returned to the FM side of the WYNZ operation to handle mornings .
Sale to Saga
In 1993 , WYNZ-AM-FM were bought by Saga Communications for $ 350,000 . Saga switched AM 970 to a hot talk format as WZAN , while the FM station was re-branded as `` Oldies 100.9 WYNZ . '' The Oldies on-air staff included Dean Rogers , Chuck Igo and Ted Talbot . After the departure of Igo ( 1994 ) and Rogers ( 1997 ) , Bob Anderson assumed mornings until his untimely passing in 2003 while hosting his Saturday morning shift . Anderson was 59 . Igo , who had returned to the station in late 2001 to handle afternoons , moved into the morning show . Corey Garrison , Ken McGrail , Gary `` The K '' Koblara , Mike Kimball , Ed Petty , Jeff Pierce , Chris Harper and the late Tom Kelly ( Tom Pagnotti ) have handled air duties .
In 2007 , WYNZ evolved , eliminating the hits of the 1950s , and moving the format forward to incorporate hits from the 1980s , re-branding as `` Big Hits Y100.9 . '' In 2009 , the station changed its city of license from Westbrook to South Portland .
Rewind 100.9
In April 2013 , WYNZ re-branded to `` Rewind 100.9 , '' playing hits from the late 1960s , 1970s and 1980s .
Around 2015 , the station began focusing on a playlist from the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s . The main competitor for WYNZ is Binnie-owned classic hits station 107.5 WFNK , `` Frank FM . '' While WYNZ plays some pop and dance hits from artists such as Michael Jackson and Madonna , Frank FM leans more toward classic rock .
WYNZ-HD2
On November 1 , 2019 , WYNZ launched an oldie format on its HD2 subchannel , branded as `` Pure Oldies 105.5 '' ( simulcast on translator W288CU 105.5 FM Portland ) .
Translator
References
External links
WYNZ Website
YNZ
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Mass media in Cumberland County , Maine
Radio stations established in 1976
South Portland , Maine
1976 establishments in Maine
The red-breasted wheatear ( Oenanthe bottae ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . It is also known as Botta 's wheatear or buff-breasted wheatear . Heuglin 's wheatear ( O. heuglini ) was formerly included in this species but is now usually regarded as a separate species .
Description
Resembles the larger and darker northern wheatear , but with a duller reddish breast and broader black tail tip . Sexes are alike .
Range and habitat
It is found in Eritrea , Ethiopia , south-west Saudi Arabia and Yemen . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland . It is most common at altitudes over 1800 m .
References
red-breasted wheatear
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Birds of the Middle East
red-breasted wheatear
red-breasted wheatear
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The second Christiansborg Palace was a new main residence for the Danish Monarch built from 1803 to 1828 in Copenhagen as a replacement for the first Christiansborg Palace which had been destroyed by fire in 1794 . The new palace was constructed on Slotsholmen , on the ruins of its predecessor , and designed by royal masterbuilder Christian Frederik Hansen . By the time the palace was completed , King Frederick VI had found himself comfortable at his temporary residence at Amalienborg Palace and decided he did not want to live in the new palace after all . He only used the royal premises for entertainment . The palace also housed the Parliament and administrative services . Frederik VII was the only monarch to live in the palace . This was between 1852 and 1863 .
History
Construction of the new Christiansborg
After the fire in 1794 , the royal family initially took up temporary residency at Rosenborg Castle and later moved to Amalienborg Palace . Christian Frederik Hansen , until then master builder in Altona , was called upon to resurrect the palace . Construction started in 1803 but was slow as a result of the difficult times compounded by the Napoleonic Wars and the national bankruptcy in 1813 .
Second Christiansborg 's short life , 1828–1884
By the time the palace was completed , King Frederick VI was happy with his temporary residence at Amalienborg and decided he did not want to live in the new palace after all , using it only for entertainment . Frederik VII was the only monarch to live in the palace .
Christiansborg became a focal point for many of the events which led up to the transition from absolute monarchy to democracy in 1849 . After large crowds had gathered in front of the palace in March 1848 , the Constitution of Denmark was adopted on 5 June 1849 . The king ceded some of his chambers to the new Parliament , Rigsdagen , which from January 1850 had sessions in the wing where Folketinget meets today .
Other parts of the palace continued to be used by the royal family . Frederick VII was the only monarch to live in the palace , between 1852 and 1863 .
Fire of 1884
The second Christiansborg burned down in October 1884 . Hansen 's chapel and the building linking the palace to the chapel were left undamaged as were the showgrounds , court theatre and pavilions . These had also survived the fire of 1794 .
The third and current Christiansborg was built between 1907 and 1928 by Thorvald Jørgensen in a neo-baroque style that pays lip service to the first Christiansborg . The building is used by the Danish parliament .
Architecture
The second Christiansborg was designed in a French Empire style . It was built on the foundations and remaining walls of its predecessor but the wing with the tower and Grand Hall was not rebuilt but replaced by a colonnade .
See also
Architecture of Denmark
Architect Christian Frederik Hansen
References
Official residences in Denmark
Royal residences in Denmark
Neoclassical architecture in Copenhagen
Houses completed in 1828
Former buildings and structures in Copenhagen
Christian Frederik Hansen buildings
Leith Anderson ( born 1944 ) is president emeritus of the National Association of Evangelicals and Baptist pastor emeritus of Wooddale Church in Eden Prairie , Minnesota , after serving as senior pastor from 1977 through 2011 .
Early life and education
Leith Anderson is the son of Charles William Anderson and Margery Freeman Anderson . His father was pastor of Brookdale Baptist Church in Bloomfield , NJ ( 1939-1972 ) and was the founder/president of Northeastern Bible College in Essex Fells , NJ ( later merged with The King 's College in New York City ) . His mother was born and raised in England and migrated to the United States as an adult .
Leith Anderson graduated from West Essex High School , North Caldwell , New Jersey ; Moody Bible Institute , Chicago , Illinois ( diploma ) ; Bradley University , Peoria , Illinois ( B.A . in Sociology ) ; Denver Seminary , Denver , Colorado ( Master of Divinity ) ; and Fuller Theological Seminary , Pasadena , California ( Doctor of Ministry ) .
Anderson took additional course work at Northwestern University , Chicago , Illinois ; The Iliff School of Theology , Denver , Colorado ; and the University of Colorado , Boulder , Colorado .
Ministry
Leith Anderson 's introduction to writing began as editor of the student newspaper at the Moody Bible Institute and through journalism classes at Northwestern University .
During his seminary studies he served part-time as a youth pastor at Calvary Church ( Longmont , Colorado ) and became the senior pastor of the church upon graduation for a total of 10 years in pastoral ministry at the church . While pastoring he continued academic studies at the University of Colorado and Fuller Theological Seminary and became an adjunct professor of pastoral theology and homiletics at Denver Seminary .
In 1977 Anderson began his 35 years as senior pastor of Wooddale Church in suburban Minneapolis . The church was located in Richfield , Minnesota , until 1984 when it moved to a new building on a 33-acre campus in Eden Prairie , Minnesota , and grew to become a congregation of thousands , one of the larger churches in the state and region . While pastoring he also wrote books and articles on church and biblical themes , taught in numerous seminary doctoral programs ( including Bethel University , Trinity Evangelical Divinity School , Fuller Theological Seminary , Northeastern Seminary and others ) .
In addition Anderson became a frequent speaker at national and international conferences and served on the boards of Bethel University , Navigators , National Association of Evangelicals , World Vision , World Relief and other nonprofit organizations . In 2019 he was named to the Founder 's Chair of World Vision International .
Anderson continued as the pastor of Wooddale Church when he became the interim president of the National Association of Evangelicals as the NAE faced organizational stress in 2001 and continued until 2003 . When the NAE had a leadership vacuum in 2006 , Anderson returned as interim president and then became the elected president for terms in 2007 extending through 2019 when he announced his retirement from the position at the end of that term .
At the end of 2011 , he retired as pastor of the church and continued as president of the NAE in Washington , D.C. , while maintaining his home in Minnesota . During his presidency , the NAE stabilized and grew with expanded membership and many new staff and programs including NAE Talk ( conferences addressing contemporary social and theological issues ) , Evangelical Leaders Survey ( monthly survey of national leaders on a broad array of topics with published reports , Evangelicals magazine , Today 's Conversation podcast , annual retreat of denomination leaders , and publications titled `` Theology of Sex , '' `` For the Health of the Nation '' and others .
As NAE president , Anderson frequently participated in amicus curiae briefs , news conferences and interviews , and connected religious and other leaders across the United States and internationally . Priority was given to issues of religious freedom , immigration policies , evangelical biblical theology and values , social justice and engaging evangelicals in evangelism , humanitarian services and cultural influence .
Anderson was elected to the Founder 's Chair of World Vision International in 2019 .
He has been published in many periodicals and has written over 20 books ( including translations into foreign languages ) .
Personal life
Anderson grew up in the same church as Charleen Lillian Alles whom he started dating the month he turned 15 and married in 1965 . They are the parents of four children .
Recognition
He received honorary doctorates from Cornerstone University , Grand Rapids , Michigan ( Doctor of Divinity ) ; Moody Bible Institute , Chicago , Illinois ( Doctor of Divinity ) ; and Eastern University , St. Davids , Pennsylvania ( Doctor of Humane Letters ) .
Bibliography
Making Happiness Happen ( 1987 )
Mastering Church Management ( 1991 )
A Church for the 21st Century ( 1992 )
Who 's in Charge : Mastering Ministry ( 1993 )
The Best Is Yet To Come ( 1994 )
Winning the Values War in a Changing Culture : Thirteen Distinct Values That Mark a Follower of Jesus Christ ( 1994 )
When God Says No ( 1996 )
Dying for Change ( 1998 )
Praying to the God You Can Trust ( 1998 )
Leadership That Works : Hope and Direction for Church and Parachurch Leaders in Today 's Complex World ( 2001 )
Becoming Friends With God : A Devotional Invitation to Intimacy With God ( 2001 )
Jesus : An Intimate Portrait of the Man , His Land , and His People ( 2006 )
Igniting Worship Series – 40 Days with Jesus : Worship Services and Video Clips on DVD ( 2006 )
How to Act Like a Christian ( 2006 )
The Jesus Revolution : Learning from Christ 's First Followers ( 2009 )
Faith Matters ( 2011 )
The Volunteer Church ( 2015 )
Faith in the Voting Booth ( 2016 )
Chapters & Contributions
Married to a Pastor 's Wife , H.B . London and Neil Wiseman , editors ( 1993 )
Leadership Handbooks , Jim Berkley , editor ( 1994 )
Library of Christian Leadership : Empowering Your Church Through Creativity and Changes , Marshall Shelley , editor ( 1995 )
Leading People , Robert H. Rosen , editor ( 1996 )
Library of Leadership Development : Renewing Your Church Through Vision and Planning , Marshall Shelley , editor ( 1997 )
Library of Leadership Development : Growing Your Church Through Training and Motivation , Marshall Shelley , editor ( 1997 )
Raising Teens While They 're Still in Preschool ( excerpts ) , Ron Habermas , author ( 1998 )
Uncommon Graces ( forward ) , John Vawter , author ( 1998 )
Vital Church Issues , Roy B. Zuck , editor ( Bibliotheca Sacra,1998 )
Global Crossroads , W. Harold Fuller , editor ( 1998 )
Leadership And Power , Richard Leslie Parrot , editor ( 2003 )
Giving Ourselves To Prayer , Dan . R. Crawford , compiler ( 2008 )
Welcoming The Stranger ( foreword ) , Matthew Soerens and Jenny Yang , authors ( 2009 , 2019 )
The Shriver Report , Olivia Morgan and Karen Skelton , editors ( 2014 )
Religious Freedom , LGBT Rights And Prospects For Common Ground , William H. Eskridge and Robin Fretwell Wilson , editors ( 2019 )
References
Living people
1944 births
American evangelicals
Bradley University alumni
Fuller Theological Seminary alumni
Moody Bible Institute alumni
People from Eden Prairie , Minnesota
American people of English descent
West Essex High School alumni
Westwood Independent School District is a public school district based in Palestine , Texas ( USA ) . The district serves part of Palestine and rural areas in west central Anderson County .
In 2009 , the school district was rated `` academically acceptable '' by the Texas Education Agency .
Schools
Westwood High School ( Grades 9-12 )
Westwood Junior High School ( Grades 7-8 )
Westwood Elementary School ( Grades 3-6 )
Westwood Primary School ( Grades EE-2 )
References
External links
School districts in Anderson County , Texas
Mark W. Hyland ( born September 26 , 1887 ) was an American football player and coach . He served as the head football coach at Grinnell College in Grinnell , Iowa from 1924 to 1926 , compiling a record of 12–7–3 . Hyland played college football at the University of Iowa , lettering from 1908 to 1910 .
References
1887 births
Year of death missing
Grinnell Pioneers football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Players of American football from Des Moines , Iowa
Santo Domingo is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 5,761 .
Geography
The barrio is located near the source of the 2019-20 Puerto Rico earthquakes and suffered from flooding that took place after Hurricane Isaias in 2020 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Santo Domingo barrio was 812 .
Santo Domingo community
Santo Domingo is one of several communities located in Santo Domingo barrio . As of 2000 , Santo Domingo community had a population of 3,633 living in a land area of .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico
Toasted is the fourth album from Fatso Jetson , released on Bong Load Custom Records . Originally recorded in 1998 , it was n't completely released until 2001 . This album was re-issued on LP in 2012 for the European Tour .
Track listing
Personnel
Mario Lalli - Guitars , vocals
Tony Tornay - Drums
Larry Lalli - Bass
Chris Goss - Producer
References
2001 albums
Fatso Jetson albums
Robertson College , Jabalpur , ( now divided into Government Science College , Jabalpur and Mahakoshal Arts & Commerce College ) is considered to be the oldest such institution in Madhya Pradesh .
History
It was established in 1836 as Sagar Govt . School in Sagar , and was upgraded to Sagar Collegiate School in 1860 by starting F.A . ( Fine Art , a degree equivalent to 12th grade ) classes . The institution was moved to Jabalpur in 1873 . It was renamed Robertson College in honor of the then commissioner Mr. Benjamin Robertson in 1916 . Many of the students at Robertson College joined Hitkarini Sabha institutions during time of Indian independence struggle , where could they participate in the swaraj movement . It was renamed Mahakoshal Mahavidyalaya in 1947 after independence . The college moved to its present and permanent campus in 1947 . The former building of Robertson College now houses the Civil engineering department of the Jabalpur Engineering College
Many distinguished scholars have emerged from the Robertson College and its descendant institutions .
References
External links
http : //www.sciencecollegejbp.org/college.htm ( Official website ) ]
Universities and colleges in Madhya Pradesh
Education in Jabalpur
1836 establishments in India
Arts colleges in India
Commerce colleges in India
Educational institutions established in 1836
Science colleges in India
Law schools in Madhya Pradesh
Engineering colleges in Madhya Pradesh
Chernomorsky ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement ) in Seversky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia . Population :
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
South Waghi Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Jiwaka Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
01 . Aviamp 3
02 . Aviamp 4
03 . Aviamp 2
04 . Aviamp 1
05 . Kauwi
06 . Kabagang
07 . Kungar 2
08 . Kungar 1
09 . Kudjip Plnt
10 . Kudjip Hospital
11 . Puri
12 . Kurumul 1
13 . Kurumul 2
14 . Tombil 1
15 . Tombil 2
16 . Kamang 1
17 . Kamang 2
18 . Anginmol
20 . Ngunba Tsents
21 . Gabinal
22 . Alua
23 . Gagwa / Dup
24 . Kamang 3 / Mondomil
25 . Olubus
26 . Pabamil
27 . Tsigmil
28 . Begbe
29 . Tumba
30 . Numgil
31 . Kugmar
32 . Gugmar
33 . Djek
34 . Yeu 1
35 . Mt . Au
36 . Ambopane
37 . Yeu 2
38 . Olate
39 . Palti
40 . Tesa
41 . Wusinge
42 . Meru
43 . Tandambak
44 . Tun
45 . Kupa
46 . Djeck 2
47 . Minj Mu
48 . Kia
82 . Minj Urban
References
Local-level governments of Jiwaka Province
The khapra beetle ( Trogoderma granarium ) , also called cabinet beetle , which originated in South Asia , is one of the world 's most destructive pests of grain products and seeds . It is considered one of the 100 worst invasive species in the world . Infestations are difficult to control because of the insect 's ability to survive without food for long periods , its preference for dry conditions and low-moisture food , and its resistance to many insecticides . There is a federal quarantine restricting the importation of rice into the U.S. from countries with known infestations of the beetle . Khapra beetle infestation can spoil otherwise valuable trade goods and threaten significant economic losses if introduced to a new area . Handling or consuming contaminated grain and seed products can lead to health issues such as skin irritation and gastrointestinal distress .
Description
Adult beetles are brownish and reddish 1.6–3 mm long . Immature larvae are up to 5 millimeters long and are covered in dense , reddish-brown hair . The larval stage can last four to six weeks , but can be extended up to seven years . Males are dark brown or black , and females are slightly larger with lighter colors . The lifespan of adult khapra beetle is usually between five and ten days . The beetle prefers hot , dry conditions and can be found in areas where grain and other potential food is stored , such as pantries , malt houses , grain and fodder processing plants , and stores of used grain sacks or crates . The species is native to India , with a native range extending from Burma to Western Africa . The khapra beetle is a synanthrope , predominantly living in close association with humans . Information regarding the beetle 's behavior in non-human environments is limited .
The eggs of the khapra beetle are cylindrical with one end more rounded and the other more pointed , about 0.7 mm long and 0.25 mm broad , weighing about 0.02 mg . The pointy end has a number of spine-like projections . The eggs are initially a milky white but over several hours turn a pale yellowish color .
The khapra beetle 's physiology is significantly impacted by its diet . Borzoi et al . found that rye provides the most optimal environment for breeding and development of individuals . Conversely , walnut and rice diets reduced female fertility and adult weight of the individuals , while increasing the duration of the larval stage .
As an invasive species
The khapra beetle has become established in many Mediterraneans , Middle Eastern , Asian and African countries . It has also been discovered in North America . United States customs agents have discovered it in isolated infestations on the east and west coast of the United States , but until this point have been successful in containing and eradicating the pest . US customs agents intercepted the beetle 100 times in 2011 , `` compared to three to six per year in 2005 and 2006 , and averaging about 15 per year from 2007 to 2009 '' . In 2017 , the beetle was recorded for the first time in Sri Lanka . The beetle was found in the packaging of one consignment of tea from Sri Lanka , which was transported to Russia . The Sri Lanka Tea Board expressed that the specimen may have remained in the shipping container following the use of the same container for previous transport of grain , not of Sri Lankan origin . Infestations of sea containers are indeed common .
The type of product in which the beetle is transported can contribute to its ability to take hold in a new environment . Whole barley flour and cracked wheat kernels were found to support significantly more larvae and adult beetles than other grain products , whereas polished pearl barley , maize , and whole oats supported lower populations .
The Khapra beetle does not present any direct ecological threats to an environment as an invasive species . Indirect effects of its introduction are of the greatest concern from a human perspective . Reduced grain seed viability and loss of stored grain seeds can threaten large-scale agriculture and international trade , hence the significant focus by multiple countries on limiting its expansion .
In August 2020 unknown insects were found in a new refrigerator in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia . The buyers reported it to the federal Agriculture Department who identified the insects as Khapras . If this was already a widespread infestation - or if it was about to become one - agriculture in Australia and the economy of Australia would lose hundreds of millions of dollars per year . As a result , the department immediately began tracking , tracing , inspecting , containing , and treating for the beetles across the ACT and NSW . The department believes this report and the response to it has effectively kept Khapras out of Australia and provided new information as to how to keep them out in the future .
Control methods
Fumigation with methyl bromide is the most effective treatment . Powdered neem has been used to control the beetle in wheat stores in India . Neem powder repels many insects due to its strong odor , but generally does not kill insects . However , it is still useful in protecting crops from infestations .
Research into natural pest management methods has found that extracts from Datura metel leaves present significant contact toxicity and multi-generational effects to Khapra beetles . Higher concentrations of extract led to higher mortality among the initial generation and subsequent offspring . Prolonged exposure to extreme cold and heat have demonstrated marginal impact , but most larvae were found to have survived extremes well beyond the threshold needed to kill adult beetles .
Efforts can be taken to prevent contaminated material from being shipped , sea shipping containers can be tracked , and containers can be decontaminated before reuse . There is increasing recognition that the global Khapra invasion is an emergency and requires national and international action .
Policy and regulations
The United States Department of Agriculture 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service has established restrictions on grain and cereal imports from regions known for Khapra beetle infestation since July 2011 . These import regulations concern the import of rice , chickpeas , safflower seeds , and soybeans from regions determined to be infested with the Khapra beetle . Any of these products shipped from regions in question must first be subject to a phytosanitary treatment , and a certificate stating the shipment has been inspected and found clean must be included with the product . Many North African , Middle East , and South Asian countries , such as Afghanistan , Iran , Egypt , Syria , Morocco , Sri Lanka , and India are subject to these regulations . An amendment to the Khapra beetle import regulations was passed in December 2014 , adding Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , South Sudan , and Palestinian Authority to the list of regulated nations .
Australia maintains Khapra beetle import restrictions on all types of seeds , nuts , spices , dried fruits and vegetables , and any unprocessed agricultural products . Any imports of these products require a phytosanitary certificate stating the product is inspected and cleaned . Countries of origin in question for this policy include much of Africa , the Middle East , and South Asia .
References
Sources
Banks , H. J . ( 1994 ) Illustrated identification keys for Trogoderma granarium , T. glabrum , T. inclusum and T. variabile ( Coleoptera : Dermestidae ) and other Trogoderma associated with stored products Division of Entomology , Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) , Canberra , Australia ,
Borzoui , Ehsan , Bahram Naseri , and Foroogh Rahimi Namin . `` Different Diets Affecting Biology and Digestive Physiology of the Khapra Beetle , Trogoderma Granarium Everts ( Coleoptera : Dermestidae ) . '' Journal of Stored Products Research 62 ( 2015 ) : 1–7 . Elsevier . Web . 26 Mar . 2017 .
Wilches , D. , R. Laird , K. Floate , and P. Fields . `` Effects of Extreme Temperatures on the Survival of the Quarantine Stored-Product Pest , Trogoderma Granarium ( Khapra Beetle ) . '' 11th International Working Conference on Stored Product Protection ( n.d. ) : n. pag . Web . 25 Mar . 2017 .
Athanassiou , Christos G. , Nickolas G. Kavallieratos , and Maria C. Boukouvala . `` Population Growth of the Khapra Beetle , Trogoderma Granarium Everts ( Coleoptera : Dermestidae ) on Different Commodities . '' Journal of Stored Products Research 69 ( 2016 ) : 72–77 . Elsevier . Web . 27 Mar . 2017 .
External links
Dermestidae of the World Habitus of male and female , genitalia of male .
Khapra beetle at Pestproducts.com
PestTracker Invasive Insect : Khapra beetle at Center for Environmental and Regulatory Information Systems
Trogoderma granarium ( TROGGA ) [ Documents ] | EPPO Global Database Documents from EPPO ( European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organization )
Diagnostic Protocol 3 ( 2012 ) : Trogoderma granarium Everts ( International Plant Protection Convention )
Hungry Pests Campaign , USDA APHIS ( Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service )
Species Profile - Khapra Beetle ( Trogoderma granarium ) , National Invasive Species Information Center , United States National Agricultural Library .
Dermestidae
Agricultural pest insects
Beetles described in 1898
Storage pests
John Burton ( 1760–1838 ) was a Baptist minister in Nova Scotia and was one of the first to integrate black and white Nova Scotians into the same congregation . David George was the first Baptist minister . In 1811 , Burton 's church had 33 members , the majority of whom were free blacks from Halifax and the neighbouring settlements of Preston and Hammonds Plains .
According to historian Stephen Davidson , the blacks were `` shunned , or merely tolerated , by the rest of Christian Halifax , the blacks were from the first warmly received in the Baptist Church . Burton became known as `` an apostle to the coloured people '' and would often be sent out by the Baptist association on missionary visits to the black communities surrounding Halifax . He was the mentor of Richard Preston .
See also
New Horizons Baptist Church
Black Nova Scotians
References
Further reading
Robin W. Winks , The Blacks in Canada : A History , 2nd ed . ( Montreal : McGill-Queens University Press , 1997 )
Pearleen Oliver , A Brief History of the Coloured Baptists of Nova Scotia ( Halifax , N.S . : s.n. , 1953 ) .
Stephen Davidson , `` Leaders of the Black Baptists of Nova Scotia 1782-1832 '' ( B.A . Honours thesis , Acadia University , 1975
1760 births
1838 deaths
People from Halifax , Nova Scotia
19th-century Canadian Baptist ministers
Canadian activists
Hureiz ( ) is a Palestinian village located seven kilometers south-east of Hebron . The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank . According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics , the village had a population of 997 in mid-year 2006 . The primary health care facilities for the village are at Zif designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1 and at Yatta , level 3 .
Footnotes
External links
Hureiz aerial photo , Applied Research Institute - Jerusalem ( ARIJ )
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Paramakatoi Airport is an airport serving the village of Paramakatoi , in the Potaro-Siparuni Region of Guyana .
As of 2020 , Trans Guyana Airways offers weekly flights from Eugene F. Correira International Airport to Paramakatoi .
See also
List of airports in Guyana
Transport in Guyana
References
External links
OurAirports - Paramakatoi Airport
Airports in Guyana
Sibley East High School is a four-year public high school and is a combination of children from three towns , Gaylord , Green Isle , and Arlington . It is located between the Twin Cities and Mankato , Minnesota in the United States about 10 miles off of State Highway 169 . It is associated with the Minnesota State High School League . The total of K-12 students in Sibley East numbers 1213 students .
History
Sibley East has been through multiple consolidations and cooperative programs before its current form .
Sibley East first arose , in 1986 , as a cooperative program between the Arlington-Green Isle and Henderson school districts in eastern Sibley County . This program would consolidate the Henderson Tigers and Arlington-Green Isle Indians into the joint Sibley East Bengals varsity team . Though this program ended in 1989 , shortly before Henderson consolidated with Le Sueur as the Le Sueur-Henderson school district , the title , Sibley East , again appeared in 1991 , as the name of the current high school and school district , with the consolidation of Arlington-Green Isle school district with Gaylord school district . With the full consolidation of Gaylord , the varsity team was changed for the last time to the Sibley East Wolverines .
Football
Sibley East has a history for football dating back to its first State Championship in 1972 . The school won State Championships in 1974 , 1976 , and 1980 . The team played in the 2012 state playoffs for the first time since the 1980s .
References
External links
Sibley East High School
Max Preps Football Website : Sibley East Wolverines
Schools in Sibley County , Minnesota
Education in Sibley County , Minnesota
Public high schools in Minnesota
The 2016 Damallsvenskan is the 28th season of the Swedish women 's association football top division , Damallsvenskan . FC Rosengård were the defending champions , having won the competition in 2015 .
Linköpings FC is the champion of the season .
Teams
Note : 1 According to each club information page at the Swedish Football Association website for Damallsvenskan .
League table
Top scorers
.
References
External links
Season at soccerway.com
Damallsvenskan seasons
1
Dam
Sweden
The Hatteras Indians were a tribe of Native Americans in the United States who lived in the North Carolina Outer Banks . They inhabited a village on what is now called Hatteras Island called Croatoan . They lived in a small village consisting of 80 people .
Name
The meaning of the name Hatteras is unspecified . It was first used by English explorer John Lawson . Lawson was writing a book where he mentioned the Hatteras Indians for the first time . Although the meaning of Hatteras is unknown , the people from that island were known as `` the people of shallow water '' . They are also known as Croatans .
History
They first had contact with English settlers in 1587 and were gone by the mid-18th century . In the 1711 Tuscarora War , the Hatteras Indians sided with the colonists and fought against the Tuscarora tribe and their allies for the colonists . This cost them heavily and many were driven from their lands by enemy tribes .
Several people from the Hatteras Island area are of white ancestry . According to some historians after the tribe was colonized some of them affiliated with other tribes such as the North Carolina Algonquian and Siouan-speaking tribes , and survivors of the Roanoke colony .
Some descendants of the Hatteras Indians may be part of the Lumbee Indians .
Language
The Hatteras Indians spoke a language in the Algonquian language family .
References
Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands
Eastern Algonquian peoples
Extinct Native American tribes
Native American history of North Carolina
The Career of Katherine Bush is a lost 1919 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures . Roy William Neill directed and Catherine Calvert starred . The film is based on a 1916 Elinor Glyn novel .
Plot
As described in a film magazine , Katherine Bush ( Calvert ) , a young woman from London 's lower middle class , yearns for the finer things in life and spends an illicit weekend with a certain Lord Algy ( Goldsworthy ) at a fashionable watering place . Returning home , she answers an advertisement that leads to a position as secretary to Lady Garrubardine ( Brundage ) , a leader of London society . Lord Gerald Strobridge ( Kent ) , Lady Garrubardine 's unhappily married nephew , falls in love with Katherine but she only offers him friendship . Katherine rises in Lady Garrubardine 's estimation until she is almost an equal in the household . Then comes the Duke of Mordryn ( Burton ) , a statesman who falls in love with Katherine , believing she is of his class . Learning the truth of her station , he continues his attentions and finally proposes . Katherine then tells him of her one misstep . He leaves her at once . Then Lord Gerald leaves for India , and Katherine believes the end of her dream of happiness has come . Lady Garrubardine , however , intervenes in her behalf , and the Duke comes to her , forgiving , and they are married .
Starring
Catherine Calvert as Katherine Bush
John Goldsworthy as Lord Algernon Fitz-Rufus
Crauford Kent as Lord Gerald Strobridge
Mathilde Brundage as Lady Garrubardine ( credited as Mrs. Mathilde Brundage )
Helen Montrose as Lao Belemar
Anne Dearing as Gladys Bush ( credited as Ann Dearing )
Augusta Anderson as Matilda Bush
Nora Reed as Slavey ( credited as Norah Reed )
Claire Whitney as Lady Beatrice Strobridge
Albert Hackett as Bert Bush
Earl Lockwood as Fred Bush
Walter Smith as Bob Hartley
Robert Minot as Charlie Prodgers
Edith Pierce as Ethel Bush
Allan Simpson as Lao 's Sweetheart ( credited as Allen Simpson )
Frederick Burton as Duke of Mordryn ( credited as Fred Burton )
References
External links
Lantern slide ( archived )
Glyn , Elinor ( 1916 ) , The Career of Katherine Bush , New York : Grosset & Dunlap , on the Internet Archive
1919 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Roy William Neill
Paramount Pictures films
1919 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
1919 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
ESEA may refer to :
East and Southeast Asia , a modern term for the Far East
Elementary and Secondary Education Act , a 1965 United States federal statute considered the most far-reaching federal legislation affecting education ever passed by Congress
ESEA League , an esports competitive video gaming community
Above The Curve ( foaled 22 April 2019 ) is an American-bred , Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse . She finished third on her only start as a juvenile and after winning on her three-year-old debut she ran second in the Cheshire Oaks before winning the Group 1 Prix Saint-Alary .
Background
Above The Curve is a bay filly with a white blaze and two white socks bred in Kentucky by Orpendale , Chelston & Wynatt , breeding companies associated with the Coolmore Stud . She was sent into training with Joseph Patrick O'Brien at Owning Hill , County Kilkenny and raced in the ownership of the Coolmore partners Derrick Smith , Michael Tabor and Susan Magnier in association with Georg von Opel .
She was from the third crop of foals sired by American Pharoah who won the American Triple Crown and the Breeders ' Cup Classic in 2015 . Above The Curve 's dam Fabulous was an unraced half-sister to both Giant 's Causeway and You'resothrilling ( the dam of Gleneagles , Marvellous , Joan of Arc and Happily ) .
Racing career
2021 : two-year-old season
Above The Curve began her track career in a maiden race over one mile on good ground on 16 October at Leopardstown Racecourse when she was ridden by Shane Crosse and started at odds of 18/1 in a fifteen-runner field . After overcoming a slow start she stayed on well in the closing stages to take third place , beaten three quarters of a length and half a length by Villanova Queen and Kerkiyra .
2022 : three-year-old season
On her first run as a three-year-old Above The Curve was again ridden by Crosse when she started 6/5 favourite for a maiden over ten furlongs at Leopardstown on 6 April and recorded her first success as she took the lead a furlong out and won `` readily '' by two and three quarter lengths from Thoughts of June ( trained by Joseph Patrick O'Brien 's father Aidan ) despite hanging to the left in the closing stages . The filly was then sent to England and stepped up in class for the Listed Cheshire Oaks ( a trial race for the Epsom Oaks ) over one and a half miles at Chester Racecourse on 4 May . She started favourite but despite making steady progress over the last three furlongs she failed to catch her old rival Thoughts of June and was beaten a neck into second place . Although Above The Curve had been considered a contender for the Epsom Oaks O'Brien opted to bypass the race in favour of the Prix Saint-Alary .
At Longchamp Racecourse on 29 May Above The Curve , with Ryan Moore in the saddle , started the 1.4/1 favourite for the Group 1 Prix Saint-Alary over 2000 metres . Her five opponents included Place du Carrousel ( winner of the Prix Cleopatre ) , Wild Beauty ( Natalma Stakes ) and Blue Wings ( Prix Delahante ) . The filly was settled in second place behind Blue Wings before taking the lead 300 metres from the finish and was `` driven out '' by Moore to win by a length from Place du Carrousel . After the race Joseph O'Brien said `` It 's very satisfying . Group 1s are so difficult to win and it 's very special . We thought this was probably her best opportunity to win one which is why we went there ... The Diane or the Pretty Polly are probably the two most obvious options for her next start . ''
Pedigree
References
2019 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 11
Tituba Indian was an enslaved woman who was one of the first three people to be accused of witchcraft during the Salem witch trials of 1692-1693 . She was brought to colonial Massachusetts from Barbadoes by Samuel Parris , the minister of Salem Village . She was pivotal in the trials because she confessed to witchcraft when examined by the authorities , giving credence to the accusations . She accused the two other women , Sarah Good and Sarah Osborne , of the same crime . She was imprisoned for over a year but never went to trial . It is unknown what happened to her after the case against her was dismissed by a grand jury in May 1693 .
Early life
Tituba 's husband was John Indian , an Indigenous man whose origins are unknown , but he may have been from Central or South America , Tibitó , Colombia to be precise . It is said that she was named after her town or tribe . Tituba may have originally been from Barbados . Many historians such as Elaine Breslaw and Charles Upham gathered that Tituba was a Native American based on Samuel Fowler 's writing , `` Account of the life of Samuel Parris '' . Tituba may have originally been a member of the Arawak-Guiana native South American tribe . While there is no physical evidence to prove this theory , it is believed that she was taken from her tribe and forced into slavery in Barbados , where she was sold to the Thompson plantation where she was the family cook as most Native American slaves were . This evidence was concluded through slave transport documents which described things such as head counts and names of the slaves . As Tituba interacted with a diverse group of people in Barbados , it is assumed that Barbados is the place where she picked up most of her knowledge about witchcraft from mistresses and other slaves . Once the head of the Thompson plantation died , Tituba was inherited by Samuel Parris and then she was brought to Massachusetts . The often unreliable records of the enslaved persons ' origins makes this information difficult to verify . There are historians such as Samuel Drake who suggest that Tituba was African . Her husband went on to become one of the accusers in the Witch Trials . They appear documented together in Samuel Parris 's church record book .
Salem witch trials
Tituba was the first person to be accused of practicing witchcraft by Elizabeth Parris and Abigail Williams . It has been theorized that Tituba told the girls tales of voodoo and witchcraft prior to the accusations . Tituba was allowed to speak against her accusers despite their race because it was not illegal for slaves to give testimony in court . She was also the first person to confess to practicing witchcraft in Salem Village in March 1692 . Initially denying her involvement in witchcraft , Tituba later confessed to making a `` witch cake '' , but she confessed to making it after she was beaten by Samuel Parris . Tituba also confessed to speaking with the devil and in her confession , she stated that he ordered her to worship him and hurt the children of the village . When she was questioned later , she added that she learned about occult techniques from her mistress in Barbados , who taught her how to ward herself from evil powers and reveal the cause of witchcraft . Since such knowledge was not supposed to be harmful , Tituba again asserted to Parris that she was not a witch , but she admitted that she had participated in an occult ritual when she made the witch cake in an attempt to help Elizabeth Parris . Tituba , Sarah Good , and Sarah Osborne were sent to jail in Boston to await trial and punishment on March 7 , 1692 . Despite these confessions , there is no proof that she did the things to which she confessed .
Other women and men from surrounding villages were accused of practicing witchcraft and arrested during the Salem witchcraft trials . Tituba not only used these outlandish accusations to stir confusion among Massachusetts residents , she also used them to displace the punishment and or death sentence that could have been imposed upon her . By deflecting people 's attention , she was able to prove that she was a credible witness and as a result of the recognition which she received , her life and her reputation were both saved . Tituba must have been aware that she could not hide from the accusations which were being made against her due to certain prejudices which people held against her based on her ethnicity . She claimed not to be a witch and denied that accusation against her despite her use of occult practices , admitting that the devil visited her and Parris ' determination to find her guilty . Her confession and accusations not only served as a scapegoat , they also served as a new form of entertainment to the residents of Salem as they experienced possessions because of her words . Not only did Tituba accuse others in her confession , but she talked about black dogs , hogs , a yellow bird , red and black rats , cats , a fox and a wolf . Tituba talked about riding sticks to different places . She confessed that Sarah Osborne possessed a creature with the head of a woman , two legs , and wings . Since it mixed various perspectives on witchcraft , Tituba 's confession confused listeners , and its similarities to certain stock tropes of demonology caused some Salem Village residents to believe that Satan was among them .
After the trials , Tituba remained in Boston Gaol , which had very poor living conditions for thirteen months , because Samuel Parris refused to pay her gaol fees . In April 1693 , Tituba was sold to an unknown person for the price of her gaol fees . In an interview with Robert Calef for his collection of papers on the trials , titled More Wonders of the Invisible World : Being an Account of the Trials of Several Witches , Lately Executed in New-England , Tituba confirmed that Parris had beaten a confession out of her and then coached her on what to say and how to say it when she was first questioned .
In popular culture
The majority of fictional pieces that artistically or historically depict Tituba 's life portray her as a Black woman or an `` outgroup '' by Puritan society , due to her racial and socioeconomic status as a South American Indigenous and an indentured servant woman or slave . Although it is not explicitly discussed in all of the movies , plays and books , that account for Tituba 's conviction , it is quite possible that the `` fear of strangers '' in combination with the Western European traditional belief and understanding of witchcraft , made Tituba a prime target for witchcraft conviction . With reference to the historical understanding of Tituba and why she was convicted , it has been argued that the pre-existing ideas about `` out groups '' and stereotypical ideas of foreign cultures combined with fictional portrayals of witchcraft and sorcery works , has created a case where history and fiction shape each other . Essentially , the fictional works have assisted in the idea of what the Salem Witch Trials were like and what events lead to the convictions , trials and confessions , but without factoring in racial , political , religious and economic influences of the time , the portrayals of Tituba in media remain , for the most part , fictional .
In John Neal 's 1828 novel Rachel Dyer , a socially isolated Matthew Paris ( based on Samuel Parris ) feels threatened by Tituba 's relationship with John Indian and is motivated to accuse her of witchcraft as a result . Neal described her as a `` female Indian '' who `` did the drudgery of the house '' .
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , in his 1868 play entitled Giles Corey of the Salem Farms , describes Tituba as `` the daughter of a man all black and fierce…He was an Obi man , and taught [ her ] magic . '' Obeah ( also spelled Obi ) is a specifically African and Afro-American system of magic . ''
Tituba is featured prominently in the 1953 play The Crucible by Arthur Miller . The image of Tituba as the instigator of witchcraft at Salem was reinforced by the opening scene of The Crucible , which owes much to Marion L. Starkey 's historical work The Devil in Massachusetts ( 1949 ) .
In Miller 's play , Tituba is said to have come from Barbados , where she was taught how to conjure up spirits , and had allegedly dabbled in sorcery , witchcraft , and Satanism . The play suggests that Abigail Williams and the other girls tried to use Tituba 's knowledge when dancing in the woods before the trials began ; it was , in fact , their being caught that led to those events . With the original intention of covering up their own sinful deeds , Tituba was the one to be accused by Abigail , who had in fact drunk from a magic cup Tituba made to kill John Proctor 's wife , Elizabeth , and to bewitch him into loving her . She and the other girls claimed to have seen Tituba `` with the Devil '' . It is ironic that the belief that Tituba led these girls astray has persisted in popular lore , fiction and non fiction alike . The charge , which is seen by some as having barely disguised racist undertones , is based on the imagination of authors like Starkey , who mirrors Salem 's accusers when she asserts that `` I have invented the scenes with Tituba .... but they are what I really believe happened . ''
Tituba is also the main character in the 1956 book Tituba of Salem Village by Ann Petry . Written for children 10 and up , it portrays Tituba as a black West Indian woman who tells stories about life in Barbados to the village girls . These stories are mingled with existing superstitions and half-remembered pagan beliefs on the part of Puritans ( for instance , it is a white neighbor , Mary Sibley , who instructs Tituba to make the witch cake , rather than Tituba herself ) , and the witchcraft hysteria is partly attributed to a sort of cabin fever during a particularly bitter winter .
Tituba is the subject of the award-winning novel I , Tituba : Black Witch of Salem ( 1986 ) by Maryse Condé , a novel version of Tituba 's life which creates a biography for her , beginning and ending in Barbados , and including supernatural elements .
Tituba appears in the novel Calligraphy of the Witch ( 2007 ) by Alicia Gaspar de Alba as an Arawak Native American Indigenous from Guyana fluent in several languages , and the only person in the Boston area who understands Spanish . She is a friend and English tutor to the indentured servant Concepción Benavidez who is accused of witchcraft in the Boston area because of her Mexican and Catholic culture .
Tituba is also featured as a main character played by Ashley Madekwe on WGN 's television series Salem ( 2013 ) .
In American Horror Story : Coven ( 2013–2014 ) , young African-American witch Queenie states that she is a descendant of Tituba . Later in the series , Voodoo Queen Marie Laveau and Supreme witch Fiona Goode have an in-depth discussion of Tituba 's history and legacy . They suggest her magic came from her Arawak ancestry .
Tituba appears in role in mobile game Fate/Grand Order 's `` Heretical Salem '' storyline , though in the game she is the slave of a character named Randolph Carter rather than Samuel Parris . She is sentenced to death by witch-hunter Matthew Hopkins ( anachronistically depicted as being in colonial Massachusetts ) and executed by hanging . Later it is revealed that the Tituba encountered by the player is not the historical version , but the reincarnated spirit of the biblical Queen of Sheba , summoned and bound to the role in a form of magically-enabled reenactment of the Salem witch trials .
Tituba is portrayed in the Jayce Landberg song Happy 4 U , featured on the album The Forbidden World ( 2020 ) .
See also
List of slaves
List of people of the Salem witch trials
Citations
Bibliography
17th-century American slaves
17th-century births
18th-century deaths
17th-century Native American women
Barbadian slaves
People accused of witchcraft
People of colonial Massachusetts
People of the Salem witch trials
Place of birth unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
American women slaves
KSUT originally signed on as a non-commercial community radio station licensed to serve the community of Ignacio , Colorado . The station has since expanded to two distinct formats , Four Corners Public Radio , with a public radio format of NPR and music programming , and Southern Ute Tribal Radio , which airs Native American music and news . While the stations have different legal call letters , both stations still refer to themselves on-air , online , and in marketing as KSUT . The stations are owned by KSUT Public Radio , a non-profit corporation , and licensed to KUTE , Inc .
History
On May 7 , 1975 , this station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission and was assigned the call letters KSUT . Originally licensed as a 10 watt community radio station serving the Southern Ute Indian Reservation , KSUT began regular broadcasting in June 1976 with a mix of tribal news and personal messages for the residents of the reservation . At the time , it was one of only eight Native American radio stations operating in the United States .
A May 1979 relocation of the broadcast transmitter and increase in signal strength allowed KSUT to begin serving the larger surrounding community as well . In 1984 , the station joined NPR , adding All Things Considered , Morning Edition , and other programming sources , in order to broaden the appeal of the station beyond Native news and cultural programming . Four Corners Public Radio , as it came to be known , added several affiliates and broadcast translators to serve the greater Four Corners region .
The station adopted a daily music format called the Music Blend that focused on Americana , rock , folk , bluegrass , jazz , blues , world and other genres . Four Corners Public Radio also added more conventional public radio shows like Fresh Air and A Prairie Home Companion .
KSUT split its program stream into two stations , and two sets of similar call letters , in June , 1998 . KUTE-FM assumed the Four Corners Public Radio format , serving a larger regional audience with NPR programming and varied music . KSUT-FM , now branded as Southern Ute Tribal Radio , returned to its original mission of serving the reservation and surrounding area with Native American programming .
Programming
KUTE-FM , known as Four Corners Public Radio , airs a daily adult album alternative music format known as the Music Blend , as well as NPR and other public radio programming such as Morning Edition , Fresh Air , Wait Wait Do n't Tell Me ! , and Radiolab . In addition to the Music Blends , locally-produced programming on Four Corners Public Radio includes evening blues , alternative country , Celtic , world and bluegrass shows . KSUT-FM , known as Southern Ute Tribal Radio , airs programming from Native Voice 1 . KSUT Tribal Radio airs locally-produced Native American programming in the mornings , mid-days , and some evening hours . Local programming includes the Tribal Radio Morning Show , Native America Calling , and Sounds of the Dreamcatcher .
Honors and awards
In November 1999 , KSUT Four Corners Public Radio took top honors in the `` Special Projects '' category by the El Pomar Foundation for its annual Awards for Excellence . Based in Colorado Springs , the El Pomar Foundation is the state of Colorado 's largest private foundation and funds numerous programs throughout the state .
The station also received top honors for 2007 in the areas of community service campaign , the best news feature report , and best sales promotion for an advertiser . KSUT was chosen as the Best Radio Station in Durango in the Durango Herald 's Reader 's Polls 2013 - 2022 .
Broadcast network
KSUT , Southern Ute Tribal Radio is heard on 91.3 FM ( 2,000 watts ) on Southern Ute Tribal lands , Ignacio , and Bayfield . The station is rebroadcast in Farmington , N.M. on KUUT , at 89.7 FM ( 1,350 watts ) .
Four Corners Public Radio is heard on the following stations :
KUTE 90.1 FM ( 3,000 watts ) in Ignacio , Colorado
KDNG 89.3 FM ( 200 watts ) in Durango , Colorado
KUSW 88.1 FM ( 4,100 watts ) in Farmington , New Mexico
KPGS 88.1 FM ( 1,000 watts ) in Pagosa Springs , Colorado
Four Corners Public Radio is also heard on the following translators :
K216GF 91.1 FM Silverton , CO ( 45 watts )
K287AC 106.3 FM Farmington , NM ( 41 watts )
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
KSUT website
Native American radio
SUT
KSUT
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1976
La Plata County , Colorado
Community radio stations in the United States
1976 establishments in Colorado
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I ( 1558–1603 ) , English art and high culture reached a pinnacle known as the height of the English Renaissance . Elizabethan music experienced a shift in popularity from sacred to secular music and the rise of instrumental music . Professional musicians were employed by the Church of England , the nobility , and the rising middle-class .
Elizabeth I was fond of music and played the lute and virginal , sang , and even claimed to have composed dance music . She felt that dancing was a great form of physical exercise and employed musicians to play for her while she danced . During her reign , she employed over seventy musicians . The interests of the queen were expected to be adopted by her subjects . All noblemen were expected to be proficient in playing the lute and `` any young woman unable to take her proper place in a vocal or instrumental ensemble became the laughing-stock of society . '' Music printing led to a market of amateur musicians purchasing works published by those who received special permission from the queen .
Despite England 's departure from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534 , English did not become the official language of the Church of England until the reign of Elizabeth 's half brother Edward VI . His reign saw many revisions to the function within the Anglican Church until it was frustrated by the succession of Catholic Queen Mary . Queen Elizabeth re-established the Church of England and introduced measures of Catholic tolerance . The most famous composers for the Anglican Church during Queen Elizabeth 's reign were Thomas Tallis and his student William Byrd . Both composers were Catholics and produced vocal works in both Latin and English . Secular vocal works became extremely popular during the Elizabethan Era with the importation of Italian musicians and compositions . The music of the late Italian madrigal composers inspired native composers who are now labelled as the English Madrigal School . These composers adapted the text painting and polyphonic writing of the Italians into a uniquely English genre of madrigal . Thomas Morley , a student of William Byrd 's , published collections of madrigals which included his own compositions as well as those of his contemporaries . The most famous of these collections was The Triumphs of Oriana , which was made in honour of Queen Elizabeth and featured the compositions of Morley , Thomas Weelkes , and John Wilbye among other representatives of the English madrigalists .
Instrumental music was also popular during the Elizabethan Era . The most popular solo instruments of the time were the virginal and the lute . The virginal was a popular variant of the harpsichord among the English and one of Elizabeth 's favourite instruments to play . Numerous works were produced for the instrument including several collections by William Byrd , namely the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book and Parthenia . The lute strung with sheepgut was the most popular instrument of the age . Lutes could be played as solo instruments or as accompaniment for singers . Compositions of the latter variety were known as lute song . The most popular Elizabethan composer for the lute and of lute songs was John Dowland . Several families of instruments were popular among the English people and were employed for the group music making . If all of the instruments in an ensemble were of the same family they were considered to be in `` consort '' . Mixed ensembles were said to be in `` broken consort '' . Both forms of ensembles were equally popular .
In music history , the music of the English Renaissance is noted for its complex polyphonic vocal music , both sacred and secular , and the emergence of instrumental music . With the gradual shift in the early Baroque period , England experienced a decline in musical standing among European nations . After Dowland , the greatest English composer was Henry Purcell , whose death left a void in English music history until the Victorian era .
Church music
The Church was a major influence for music in the 16th century . The Puritans wanted to do away with all church music , but the will of the people to sing only made it more predominant . Many composers that wrote for the church also wrote for the royalty . The style of the church music was known as choral polyphony . Hundreds of hymns were written for the church . Many of those are still sung today . It is “ doubtless ( that ) your worship requires music. < ref > Davis , William S. ( 1930 ) . Life in Elizabethan Days ' , Pg . 121 . Harper and Row. < /ref > ” At the most elegant of weddings , usually those of the nobility , the processional included musicians who played lutes , flutes , and violins . It was also very common at that time for commoners to have music played for them whenever they wanted .
Musicians
Town musicians were known as waits . They were the equivalent to that of a modern town 's band . The waits have been in existence as far back as the medieval period and their role was to perform at public occasions of the viewing pleasure of the town . They were to play original composed music .
Street musicians or travelling minstrels were looked down upon . They were feared and soon grew out of style and were replaced by the tavern and theatre musician . Street music was common to be heard at markets and fairs . The music was usually light and quick . They performed using fiddles , lutes , recorders , and small percussion instruments attracting crowds whenever they played . The songs they played and sang were traditional favourites , `` a far cry from the sophisticated and refined music of the Elizabethan court . ''
Theater became increasingly popular when music was added . Location on stage meant everything to a theatre musician . The location gave certain effects to the sound produced . This could be the impression of distance or providing an atmosphere to the plays and performances done . Theatre music became even more popular with the rise of William Shakespeare in the 1590s .
Composers
Many composers of the period are still known by name , today . William Byrd ( 1539–1623 ) is considered by most modern authorities “ the greatest of all the Elizabethan composers . '' He was the leading composer of religious music . Many of his songs still exist today . William Byrd was the chief organist and composer for Queen Elizabeth . Also during the 16th century were John Bull ( 1562–1628 ) , best-known organist of the Elizabethan era , and John Dowland ( 1563–1626 ) , leading composer of lute music . John Dowland published his first book of songs or `` ayres '' in 1597 . It became a bestseller . These composers , among others , would give rise to the English Madrigal School which , while brief , was incredibly popular .
A madrigal was the most common form of secular vocal music . “ The poetic madrigal is a lyric consisting of one to four strophes of three lines followed by a two-line strophe . '' The English Madrigals were a cappella , light in style , and generally began as either copies or direct translations of Italian models , with most being for four to six voices .
Other composers include Robert Johnson , John Taverner , Thomas Morley , Orlando Gibbons , Thomas Tallis , and John Blitheman .
Instruments
Organology ( the study of instruments ) was aided greatly by the development of book printing . Michael Praetorius ' encyclopedic Syntagma Musicum has a section with woodcuts which shows instruments as they were used on the continent about 17 years after the end of the Elizabethan period , and even 20 years had n't made great changes .
Many Renaissance instruments are unfamiliar to modern listeners . Most instruments came in 'families ' , with sizes of the same instrument associated with the ranges of the human voice : descant ( soprano ) , treble ( alto ) , tenor , bass . ( In some cases , these were extended up ( sopranino , garklein ) and in others , down ( quart bass , contrabass , etc . ) This arrangement had been in use for centuries . Playing instruments from the same family together was referred to as playing in consort . During Elizabeth 's reign , the first documented regular use of mixed ensembles ( broken consort ) are recorded .
Consorts were considered loud or soft , and the exact application of these titles is sometimes hard to pin down . Generally , loud consorts consisted of cornetti , sackbuts , shawms and the higher-pitched recorders and flutes . Soft consorts generally included the viols , flutes , recorders , krummhorns and other of the quieter instruments .
Instruments of the 16th century could be broken down into four main types : string , wind , percussion , and keyboard . The lute was the most popular stringed instrument . The lute is identifiable by its size and shape , with the pear-shaped body and angled head . Strings are grouped in courses , each course consisting of a single or doubled string , tuned in unison or octaves . The most common lute of Elizabeth 's time had six , seven or eight courses , and was used both for solo and accompaniment purposes . Although the lute came in sizes , the Tenor was most popular . Similar instruments include the cittern , orpharion and bandora .
The next most popular stringed instrument , made in sizes and played in consorts or alone , was the viola da gamba . The viol had six strings , and frets of gut tied around the neck , rather than embedded in the fingerboard . The shape of the body was somewhat like the violin family instruments , but with deeper ribs , a shallow top plate and a flat back in two parts with the upper part angled to give clearance to the player . There were three main sizes : treble , tenor , bass , with reference made in a Gibbons six-part fantasia to the `` great double bass . '' Unlike the violin family instruments , the viol bow was held underhanded , with the palm up and the middle finger in contact with the bow hair . The most popular size of the viol was the bass . Although roughly the size of a small cello , the bass viol had no end-pin , and , like the other viols , was supported by the legs ( hence the Italian name , viola da gamba . ) They were most commonly played in consort , i. e. as a family in groups of three , four , five , and six . In this way , they could be used as accompaniment for singing . Duet music for any two of the family still exists , and the bass , alone , was a popular solo instrument for pieces such as Woodycock . A small bass ( or tenor-sized viol tuned as a bass ) was often employed to play polyphonic music , Lyra-Way . When used in this fashion , the instrument was called lyra viol .
The common wind instruments included the shawms , recorders , cornetts , sackbuts ( trombones ) , krumhorns and flutes . The trumpets and pifferi were used for the announcement of the arrival of royalty and during military exercises . The shawms , cornetti and sackbuts were used in loud consorts . The flute had a sweet and solemn tone , the recorder had a more rich sound , but because of the windway ( which directed the breath against the edge where the sound is created ) the player had less dynamic control . The shawms and krummhorns were double-reed instruments , but because the krummhorns had a cylindrical bore , they sounded an octave lower than the shawms of the same sounding-length and were quieter . ( This cylindrical bore is what gives the clarinet its characteristic sound , but the clarinet , as such , had yet to be invented . ) The soprano of the shawm family ( called 'hautbois ' by the French , for high or loud wood ) would eventually be tamed to make the baroque oboe . The bass of the shawms was so long that the player had to stand on a box to reach the reed , and wood cuts exist which show a bass shawm player holding the instrument horizontally , with another person helping to support . For this reason , the Curtal , with a folded bore , was often used to replace the bass shawm . The fife was a wooden pipe with six finger holes used with the drum in marching formations .
Single reeds were used for the drones of bagpipes , but chanters used double reeds .
Percussion was normally just various forms and sizes of drums and bells . The keyboards were the organs , virginals , and harpsichord .
Other Elizabethan instruments included the portative organ , which was a type of small organ played with one hand while the player operated a bellows on the back of the instrument with the other . There was also the grand church organs and harps of various sizes .
Example recordings
References
Carpowich , Matt C. ( 2007 ) . Music in the Elizabethan Era . Houghton Mifflin Co .
Tostado , Dillon J . ( 1990 ) . History Via Frankenbush . Leo Print International .
Lace , William W. ( 1995 ) . Elizabethan England . Lucent Books .
Palmer , R R. , Joel Colton , and Lloyd Kramer ( 2002 ) . A History of the Modern World '' . New York : McGraw Hill Company .
Alchin , L.K . `` Elizabethan Music '' from . Retrieved Jul . 16 , 2005
External links
Elizabethan Music
Renaissance music
Street performance
Kadaisi Vivasayi ( ) is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language film written , edited , and directed by M. Manikandan . The film stars an eighty-five-year-old farmer named Nallandi , Vijay Sethupathi and Yogi Babu . It is produced by Eros International and released on 11 February 2022 .
Plot
The movie portrays the life of an old farmer in a small village in Tamil Nadu over the period of a month . Mayandi is an 80+ year old farmer , living a frugal lifestyle . He talks very little and displays very little emotion . He is tasked with providing the symbolic first grain for the village temple 's annual ceremony as there is no other farmer in the village . The rest have sold their lands to financiers for supposed developmental projects . Mayandi plants a new batch of paddy in his field , and one day , he finds a peacock and 2 peahens dead in his field . He considers them vehicles of his favorite God Murugan and buries them in his field . A fellow villager sees him bury the birds . Soon , Mayandi is arrested for the crime of killing a peacock ( because it is India 's national bird ) . It is then revealed that some years ago peafowl were killed in the village and the investigating police were heckled and there were no witnesses . The police wishing to avenge their humiliation find a witness and file a case against Mayandi , who is taken into judicial remand . He is then brought to court where he states to the magistrate ( Raichal Rebecca ) the facts and explains that the witness only saw Mayandi bury the birds , not the act of killing them . She reprimands the police for filing a false case and orders them to submit a changed report . However , since the FIR had been filed and filing a new report takes time , Mayandi is ordered to spend 15 days in jail . Mayandi mentions his newly-planted crop that needs regular watering and the magistrate orders the police constable to take care of that .
The police delay filing the changed report and neglect the care of the field while Mayandi 's stay in prison gets extended . Mayandi 's relatives in the village take pity on the police constable ( who is watering the field ) and agree to take up that task themselves . When pests attack the crop , Mayandi advises them on how to control them with a traditional spray , but this is laborious and Mayandi 's relative buys a pesticide that is pushed by the village agro-chemical dealer . Mayandi makes an escape while waiting for his hearing and discovers the crop destroyed . The magistrate finds him in the field and tries to hasten a speedy release , while also ensuring support for a new crop to be planted and raised in time for the festival . The festival itself involves Ayyanar deities ( including Karuppu Sami ) , propitiated by a coming together of all the caste groups in the society , including the village potter who has nearly lost his livelihood .
The movie ends happily after it nearly seems to end tragically .
There are two side stories . One is that of a village simpleton Ramaiah , played by Vijay Sethupathi ( the producer ) who has gone insane following the death of his love . In several places , it is hinted that he is the sane one in a world gone mad . Another is that of Yogi Babu and his elephant , bought after selling off his land to a financial institution . There are also commentaries on hybrid seeds , industrial animal feed , and other high-input practices that are destroying sustenance farmers .
Cast
Nallandi as Mayandi , a farmer
Muneeshwaran
Kali Muthu
Chaplin Sundar
Dr. Raichal Rabecca Philip as Magistrate
Vijay Sethupathi as Ramaiah
Yogi Babu as Kalyani 's caretaker
Production
The announcement on the making of the film was made by director Manikandan in 2016 , but the progress of the film was delayed due to unknown reasons . Reports revealed that the director had approached Rajinikanth to play the role of protagonist , but the offer was turned down by the veteran actor . In 2018 , the director revealed that the film would feature Vijay Sethupathi in the lead role , making it the second collaboration between himself and the actor after Aandavan Kattalai in 2016 .
The official confirmation regarding the filming of Kadaisi Vivasayi was announced in around April 2018 , with the plot of the film based on the importance of agriculture portraying Vijay Sethupathi in a cameo in the role of a farmer . It was also revealed that Vijay Sethupathi had silently wrapped up his portions in the film in September 2018 while he was busy with other films such as Junga and Maamanithan .
Controversy
The film originally had songs and background score by Ilaiyaraaja , but director Manikandan replaced Ilaiyaraaja with Santhosh Narayanan as he was not satisfied with the background score , prompting Ilaiyaraaja to lodge a complaint against the director at Music Composer 's Association .
References
External links
2022 films
2022 comedy-drama films
2020s Tamil-language films
Indian comedy-drama films
Films scored by Santhosh Narayanan
Films directed by M. Manikandan
Leopold Danis ( 17 April 1901 – 1940 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in three matches for the Austria national football team in 1924 .
References
External links
1901 births
1940 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
1 . Simmeringer SC players
The 12357 / 12358 Durgiana Express is a Superfast train of the Indian Railways connecting in West Bengal and of Punjab . It is currently being operated with 12357/12358 train numbers on a twice a week basis .
Service
The 12357/Durgiana Express has an average speed of 62 km/hr and covers 1818 km in 29 hrs 10 mins . 12358/Durgiana Express has an average speed of 61 km/hr and covers 1818 km in 29 hrs 40 mins . Earlier it used to run nonstop between Lucknow NR and Moradabad JN , but then got the halt at Bareilly JN . Maximum permissible speed till DDU is 130 kmph , from DDU to LKO it is 110 kmph , from LKO to MB it is 100 kmph , from MB to UMB it is 110 kmph , from UMB to LDH it is 130 kmph again , and from LDH to ASR it is 110 kmph , and vice versa .
Durgiana express were comes in rail budget as Kolkata Amritsar doronto but afterwards it is named as Durgiana Express but the time table remains same . In few station like Varanasi Jn. , Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhya Jn . it is still announced as Kolkata Amritsar Doronto Express .
It is the fastest train in superfast category on grand chord line ( 4th fastest train between Ddu to KOAA after Howrah Rajdhani , Sealdah Rajdhani and Sealdah doronto ) . It gets high priority on its route .
Route & Halts
The important halts of the train are :
Coach composition
The train has standard LHB rakes with max speed of 130 kmph . The train consists of 22 coaches :
2 AC II Tier
6 AC III Tier
9 sleeper coaches
3 general
2 EOGs
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Howrah ( HWH ) -based WAP-7 electric locomotive from Kolkata to Amritsar and vice versa .
Rake sharing
This train shares its rake with :
12319/12320 Kolkata–Agra Cantonment Superfast Express
13135/13136 Kolkata–Jaynagar Weekly Express
See also
Kolkata railway station
Amritsar Junction railway station
Kolkata–Agra Cantonment Superfast Express
Kolkata–Jaynagar Weekly Express
Howrah–Amritsar Express
Notes
External links
12357/Durgiana Express
12358/Durgiana SF Express
References
Transport in Kolkata
Transport in Amritsar
Express trains in India
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Jharkhand
Rail transport in Bihar
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Punjab , India
Railway services introduced in 2010
Named passenger trains of India
Michael Bentt ( born September 4 , 1965 ) is a British-born American film and television actor , and retired professional boxer who competed from 1989 to 1994 . Of Jamaican heritage , he was born in East Dulwich , London , but raised in the Cambria Heights section of Queens in New York City . Bentt won the WBO heavyweight title from Tommy Morrison in 1993 , losing the title in his first defense in 1994 to Herbie Hide . As an amateur he won bronze medals at the 1986 World Championships and 1987 Pan American Games .
As an actor , Bentt is best known for co-starring as Sonny Liston in the 2001 film Ali , and as Biggis/El Plaga in the 2005 film State Property 2 . He is featured in the first episode of the 2019 American web television documentary series Losers .
Amateur career
One of the most decorated amateur boxers in US history , Bentt won four New York City Golden Gloves titles , five United States Amateur Boxing Championships and three ( New York State ) Empire State Games gold medals . After having won the bronze medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 1987 Pan American Games he placed a controversial second-place finish at the 1988 United States Olympic Trials and Box-off 's to the Seoul Olympics eventual Gold Medalist , Ray Mercer . Sport writers frequently misspelled his second name , writing `` Bent '' or `` Bennet '' instead of `` Bentt , '' and after he defeated Tommy Morrison , HBO 's host Larry Merchant ironized in a way that he 's finally have to add the third `` T '' to his name .
As both his mother and father are Jamaican citizens , he won the right to fight on the Jamaican Olympic Boxing Team after stopping the island nation 's top amateur heavyweights in the 1988 Jamaican Olympic Trials . However , when confronted with the provision that he would have to relinquish his United States citizenship in order to accompany the Jamaican team to Seoul , he refused . Bentt is regarded as the most decorated boxer in the history of American amateur boxing never to have competed on a United States Olympic boxing team .
His other amateur titles included the 1981 New York City Police Athletic League Champion , 1980 NYC Kids Gloves Champion , Empire State Games Heavyweight Champion ( 1982 , 1983 , 1984 ) . He was a three-time selected member of the United States All-American National Boxing Team ( 1985 , 1986 , 1987 ) , captain of the 1986 United States Goodwill Games Boxing Team and the 1987 United States Pan American Games Boxing Team . He was a bronze medalist in each of those competitions . At the Pan American semifinals and North American finals he faced Félix Savón , to whom he lost by unanimous decision twice in nine days , cutting his way to the 1987 World Cup in Belgrade . He also received the bronze medal at the 1985 World Amateur Championships in Seoul , South Korea and the gold medal at the 1985 North American Championship in Beaumont , Texas .
Though he did n't compete at the 1985 AAU National Championships , deciding to take some time off after losing a decision to Alexandr Yagubkin of the Soviet Union in the semifinals of the World Cup , he was the recipient of the 1985 Sugar Ray Robinson Award as the most outstanding boxer in the New York Golden Gloves tournament that year ( among the 85 ' class of Golden Gloves champions were future professional champions Riddick Bowe , Kevin Kelly and Junior Jones ) . Bentt was also a three time member of the United States All-American Amateur Boxing Team . After winning the Pan American Box-offs he was ranked # 1 U.S. amateur heavyweight by the United States Amateur Boxing Federation .
Bentt counts avenging an earlier defeat , suffered at the hands of , then , three-time USSR World Amateur Heavyweight Champion , Alexandr Yagubkin , at the 1986 World Championships in Reno , Nevada as one of his most precious moments . Before the loss to Bentt , Yagubkin had been victorious over every American heavyweight he encountered during a three-year period . This included a Moscow decision-win over Bentt 's older brother Winston , himself a member of the United States National Team .
Domestically Bentt went undefeated for a four-year period before being denied an Olympic team berth at the 1988 United States Olympic Trials .
In an homage to Stephan Johnson , a former amateur teammate at the Bed-Stuy famed ( Bedford-Stuyvesant ) Boxing Association and fellow Golden Glover who succumbed to injuries suffered in a professional boxing match in Atlantic City , New Jersey , Michael privately presented Stephan 's mother with a pair of his own New York Golden Gloves champion medallions .
Although he was the officially selected team alternate at 201 lbs Bentt declined to serve as an alternate on the 1988 Olympic Boxing Team .
Highlights
AAU Region # 2 Championships ( heavyweight ) , Radisson Hotel , Wilmington , Delaware , October 1983 :
Lost to Henry Milligan by split decision , 2–3
Sweden–USA Duals ( heavyweight ) , Stockholm , Sweden , January 1984 :
Defeated Jack Johnsen ( Sweden ) by unanimous decision , 3–0
Sweden–USA Duals ( heavyweight ) , Gothenburg , Sweden , January 1984 :
Defeated Jack Johnsen ( Sweden ) by split decision , 2–1
FRG–USA Duals ( heavyweight ) , Gothenburg , Sweden , January 1984 :
Defeated Constantin Varan ( West Germany ) by unanimous decision , 3–0
United States National Championships ( heavyweight ) , Indianapolis , Indiana , November 1984 :
1/2 : Defeated Bruce Baldwin by unanimous decision , 5–0
Finals : Defeated Orbit Pough RSC 3
USA–Canada Duals ( heavyweight ) , Orlando , Florida , December 1984 :
Defeated Wade Parsons ( Canada ) by split decision , 2–1
USA–South Korea Duals ( heavyweight ) , Las Vegas , Nevada , March 1985 :
Defeated Jang Han Kon ( South Korea ) RET 3
U.S. National Sports Festival ( heavyweight ) , Baton Rouge , Louisiana , August 1985 :
1/2 : Defeated Michael Morrell RSC 1
Finals : Defeated Orbit Pough by unanimous decision , 5–0
North American Championships ( heavyweight ) , Beaumont , Texas , August 1985 :
Finals : Defeated Domenico D'Amico ( Canada ) by decision
World Cup ( heavyweight ) , Seoul , South Korea , November 1985 :
1/4 : Defeated Ismail Khalil ( Iraq ) RSC 1
1/2 : Lost to Alexandr Yagubkin ( Soviet Union ) by majority decision , 1–4
United States National Championships ( heavyweight ) , Beaumont , Texas , April 1986 :
1/8 : Defeated Gregory Hayes RSC 1
1/4 : Defeated Jonathon Littles RET 2
1/2 : Defeated Orbit Pough by unanimous decision , 5–0
Finals : Defeated Jerry Goff by unanimous decision , 5–0
World Champ Box-offs ( heavyweight ) , Caesars Tahoe , Stateline , Nevada , April 1986 :
( no data available )
World Championships ( heavyweight ) , Sparks Convention Center , Reno , Nevada , May 1986 :
1/8 : Defeated Duke Okoromaye ( Nigeria ) RSCH 2
1/4 : Defeated Alexandr Yagubkin ( Soviet Union ) by split decision , 3–2
1/2 : Lost to Arnold Vanderlyde ( Netherlands ) by majority decision , 1–4
Goodwill Games ( heavyweight ) , Moscow , Soviet Union , July 1986 :
1/4 : Defeated Svilen Rusinov ( Bulgaria ) by split decision , 3–2
1/2 : Lost to Vladimir Balay ( Soviet Union ) by majority decision , 1–4
USA–USSR Duals ( heavyweight ) , Orlando , Florida , March 1987 :
Defeated Ramzan Sebiyev ( Soviet Union ) by split decision , 2–1
United States National Championships ( heavyweight ) , Buffalo , New York , March–April 1987 :
1/8 : Defeated Danny Jones by unanimous decision , 5–0
1/4 : Defeated Michael Morrell RSC 2
1/2 : Defeated James Johnson RET 1
Finals : Defeated Joseph Pemberton by unanimous decision , 5–0
U.S. Olympic Festival ( heavyweight ) , Raleigh , North Carolina , July 1987 :
1/2 : Defeated Orbit Pough by split decision , 3–2
Finals : Defeated Troy Baudoin RSC 3
Pan Am Box-offs ( heavyweight ) , International Center of the Broadmoor , Colorado Springs , Colorado , July 1987 :
Defeated Orbit Pough
Pan American Games ( heavyweight ) , Indianapolis , Indiana , August 1987 :
1/2 : Lost to Félix Savón ( Cuba ) by unanimous decision , 0–5
North American Championships ( heavyweight ) , Toronto , Canada , August 1987 :
Finals : Lost to Félix Savón ( Cuba ) by unanimous decision , 0–3
Eastern Olympic Trials ( heavyweight ) , Fayetteville , North Carolina , June 1988 :
1/2 : Defeated Timothy Igo RSC 1
Finals : Defeated David Sewell by decision
Olympic Trials ( heavyweight ) , Concord Pavilion , Concord , California , July 1988 :
1/4 : Defeated Jerry Goff by split decision , 3–2
1/2 : Defeated Derek Isaman by majority decision , 4–1
Finals : Lost to Ray Mercer by unanimous decision , 0–5
Olympic Box-offs ( heavyweight ) , Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , Nevada , July 1988 :
Day 1 : Lost to Ray Mercer by split decision , 2–3
Bentt finished his amateur career with a record of 148 wins , 8 losses ( no stoppages . )
Professional career
Bentt turned professional under Emanuel Steward ; and was knocked-out in the first round by Jerry Jones in his pro debut . Bentt maintained that neither he nor Steward knew Jones was a southpaw but counts both the devastation and humiliation suffered that night as `` hugely valuable and key '' to his massive upset of Tommy Morrison some four years later . After a 20-month hiatus following the loss to Jones , Bentt returned to boxing . After a few wins he signed with manager Stan Hoffman , and was trained by former light heavyweight champion Eddie Mustafa Muhammad . Bentt then put together a modest winning streak , lost to Herbie Hide and retired with an 11-2 record .
For a two-year period in the early 1990s served as chief sparring partner for then world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield .
In October 1993 , Bentt caused a huge upset with a ninety seven second first round knockout of Tommy Morrison to capture the WBO heavyweight championship . The American-based boxer lost his WBO belt to Herbie Hide at The Den , Bermondsey , United Kingdom , in 1994 . The fight would be his last after being rushed to the hospital and told he could never fight again . Bentt had suffered brain injuries in the loss , and although the injuries did not negatively affect the quality of his thoughts or mental sharpness , it was feared that future impacts to the head could result in permanent long-term injury or even death .
At various times after relocating to numerous U.S. states , Bentt passed written exams and awaited entrance into police academies in New York City , Miami , Florida , and Las Vegas , Nevada
Acting career and life after boxing
Bentt attended Northampton Community College in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , where he studied radio/TV . Turning to acting , he was the second actor cast after Will Smith in Michael Mann 's Ali . Michael landed the coveted role of Sonny Liston , while also serving as both Smith 's chief sparring partner and assistant trainer during the six months of boxing training before principal photography began on the film .
Bentt has contributed essays as a writer for Bert Sugar 's Fight Game and the HBO boxing website . He has commentated on boxing matches for Bob Arum 's Top Rank Boxing on ESPN in the United States , Filmnet in The Netherlands , and BBC Radio in the United Kingdom .
In 2006 , he had an on camera audition in Puerto Rico as part of HBO World Championship Boxing 's search for an expert boxing commentator for the network ‘ s newest boxing segment . Eventually the candidates were narrowed down to Bentt and the then recently retired former Heavyweight Champion , Lennox Lewis .
In 2003 , he was the first actor-in-residence at Northampton Community College in Pennsylvania , where he played the title role in 'Othello ' .
He has worked with directors Michael Mann ( five times ) , Ron Shelton ( twice ) , Clint Eastwood , Sylvester Stallone , and Bill L. Norton ( five times ) . He also starred as Biggis ( El Plaga ) opposite Beanie Sigel , Noriega , and Damon Dash in the Dash-directed hip hop cult classic State Property 2 .
Appeared in Public Enemies starring Johnny Depp as John Dillinger . Director Michael Mann handpicked Bentt to play Herbert Youngblood , who along with Dillinger staged the infamous Crown Point Jail break .
Among his guest starring roles in television dramas are 'Calvin Trainier ' , a Suge Knight-esque record label honcho in Michael Mann 's Robbery Homicide Division , as 'Charles Lambert ' , an NFL linebacker who years earlier suffered sexual abuse at the hands of his adoptive father , and as 'Dion'- an imprisoned homosexual snitch in Sons Of Anarchy .
In the winter of 2011 and summer of 2012 Bentt directed the critically received off-Broadway production of 'Kid Shamrock ' , a play about the struggles , triumphs , demons and redemption of 1970s Long Island New York middleweight contender 'Irish ' Bobby Cassidy Sr .
Bentt is cited by jazz and film composer , Terence Blanchard , as having provided the inspiration for his Opera Theatre Of St.Louis ' 2013 production of 'Champion ' . This play is based on the real life ring fights and subsequent death of Benny 'Kid ' Paret at the hands of Emile Griffith , a bisexual boxer in 1962 . Over the years while training Blanchard in boxing , Bentt , would share with him the transcendent and tragic elements that befell the two fighters .
Bentt served as a faculty member and Co-Teacher for the 'Anna Deavere Smith Project : Empathy and Acting ' at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco during 2013 .
Professional boxing record
Filmography
Television appearances
References
External links
Michael Bentt – Renaissance Man at boxing.com
Michael Bentt and Kid Shamrock article at ESPN
1965 births
Living people
People from East Dulwich
Boxers from New York City
World heavyweight boxing champions
World Boxing Organization champions
Boxers from Greater London
Sportspeople from Queens , New York
Boxers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers
American male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
English people of Jamaican descent
English emigrants to the United States
People from Cambria Heights , Queens
American actors of Jamaican descent
Goodwill Games medalists in boxing
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Haidmühle is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
Geography
Geographical location
The community lies in the Donau-Wald on the Kalte Moldau in the Bavarian Forest , on the border with the Czech Republic . Haidmühle is located 25 km from Freyung , 24 km from Waldkirchen , and 20 km from the border with Austria .
A few meters away from the village is the border crossing Nové Údolí ( Neuthal ) to Stožec , which is open to pedestrians and cyclists .
Haidmühle was formerly a railway border station , connected by the Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway to Waldkirchen and Passau , and by the Číčenice–Haidmühle railway to Volary and Prachatice . The section in the Czech Republic is still in use . Part of the route is a museum train Pošumavská jižní dráha in operation .
Constituent Communities
The municipality consists of the following districts :
Auersbergsreut
Bischofsreut
Frauenberg
Haberau
Haidmühle
Langreut
Leopoldsreut
Ludwigsreut
Marchhäuser
Raumreut
Schnellenzipf
Schwarzthal
Theresienreut
There are the following districts : Bischofsreut , Philippsreut , Frauenberg .
History
The village in the former Bishopric of Passau was secularized in 1803 with the majority of the Bishopric and the territory in favor of Ferdinand of Tuscany and fell until 1805 with the peace treaties of Brno and Bratislava to Bavaria . In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria originated with the municipality edict of 1818 , the church today .
In the spring of 1933 , when the community dedicated a Ritter-von-Leeb House , Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb was among the guests of honor . In June 1940 , locals crammed into the Niederl Inn to watch with intense curiosity the movie Eine Nacht im Mai .
Since 1946 belonged to the former glassworks settlement Schwarzthal the municipality Bischofsreut who came to Haidmühle 1978 .
On 27 April 1951 , the church name was officially changed in Frauenberg Haidmühle .
References
Freyung-Grafenau
All Men are Equal – But Some are More ( Hebrew : ) is a novel by Sami Michael , published in 1974 by Bustan publishing house . The novel is about the lives of immigrants in transit camps in Israel in the 1950s . This title became a well-known phrase depicting the struggles for equality of Jews from Arab countries and opened the door for profound discussion about the socio-economic gaps in Israel and also about the situation of the Arabs in Israel .
“ A credible story which presents , through close observance , a diseased sector of the new Israeli society in the first years of the state . A sector and phenomena very few have dared to review and denominate . ”
References
1974 novels
20th-century Israeli novels
Novels set in the 1950s
Novels set in Israel
Omer Sohail Zia Butt ( ; born 19 July 1980 ) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Early life
He was born on 19 July 1980 .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-126 ( Lahore-IX ) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML-N ) in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 69,718 votes and defeated Syed Hasnat Ahmed , a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) .
References
Living people
1980 births
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Ștefan cel Mare is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania , named after Stephen the Great . It is composed of six villages : Bogdana , Gutinaș , Negoiești , Rădeana , Ștefan cel Mare and Viișoara . It also included Buciumi and Răcăuți villages until 2005 , when they were split off to form Buciumi Commune .
At the 2011 census , 80.2 % of inhabitants were Romanians and 19.8 % Roma .
Bogdana convent dates to 1660 .
References
External links
Commune council website
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Moisture-cure polyurethanes -- or polyurethane prepolymer -- are isocyanate-terminated prepolymers that are formulated to cure with ambient water . Cured PURs are segmented copolymer polyurethane-ureas exhibiting microphase-separated morphologies . One phase is derived from a typically flexible ( subambient glass transition temperature , Tg ) polyol that is generally referred to as the “ soft phase ” . Likewise the corresponding “ hard phase ” is born from the di- or polyisocyanates that through water reaction produce a highly crosslinked material with softening temperature well above room temperature .
Application
Moisture cure polyurethanes have been widely used in the adhesive and coating industries . Thermal , mechanical , and surface properties of hyperbranched polyurethane-urea ( HBPU ) moisture cured coatings have been studied in relationship to chemical structure . Different NCO terminated HBPU prepolymers were prepared by reacting hyperbranched polymers with isophorone diisocyanate ( IPDI ) or 4,4'-bis-methylene cyclohexane diisocyanate ( HMDI ) . A range of NCO/OH eq . ratios from 1.2 - 1.6 was used .
Thermal and mechanical properties of moisture cured polyurethane-urea /clay nanocomposite coatings have been studied in relationship to clay dispersion and intercalation of clay platelets in the urethane-urea matrix . Coatings were prepared by moisture curing of IPDI capped hydroxyl terminated polybutadiene/clay dispersions in a relative humidity ( RH ) of 50 % at 25 °C . Moisture cured polyurethane–urea coatings have been made by reacting 1,2,3-triazole rich polyether polyols with HMDI at NCO/OH eq . ratio of 1.2 to obtain isocyanate-terminated polyurethane prepolymers . The prepolymers were cured under atmospheric moisture to make polyurethane–urea free films .
References
External links
Polyurea & Polyurethane
Polyurethanes
The Roman Catholic Church in Togo is composed of 1 ecclesiastical province and 6 suffragan dioceses .
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Togo
Ecclesiastical Province of Lomé
Archdiocese of Lomé
Diocese of Aného
Diocese of Atakpamé
Diocese of Dapaong
Diocese of Kara
Diocese of Kpalimé
Diocese of Sokodé
Togo
Catholic dioceses
In statistical mechanics , universality is the observation that there are properties for a large class of systems that are independent of the dynamical details of the system . Systems display universality in a scaling limit , when a large number of interacting parts come together . The modern meaning of the term was introduced by Leo Kadanoff in the 1960s , but a simpler version of the concept was already implicit in the van der Waals equation and in the earlier Landau theory of phase transitions , which did not incorporate scaling correctly .
The term is slowly gaining a broader usage in several fields of mathematics , including combinatorics and probability theory , whenever the quantitative features of a structure ( such as asymptotic behaviour ) can be deduced from a few global parameters appearing in the definition , without requiring knowledge of the details of the system .
The renormalization group provides an intuitively appealing , albeit mathematically non-rigorous , explanation of universality . It classifies operators in a statistical field theory into relevant and irrelevant . Relevant operators are those responsible for perturbations to the free energy , the imaginary time Lagrangian , that will affect the continuum limit , and can be seen at long distances . Irrelevant operators are those that only change the short-distance details . The collection of scale-invariant statistical theories define the universality classes , and the finite-dimensional list of coefficients of relevant operators parametrize the near-critical behavior .
Universality in statistical mechanics
The notion of universality originated in the study of phase transitions in statistical mechanics . A phase transition occurs when a material changes its properties in a dramatic way : water , as it is heated boils and turns into vapor ; or a magnet , when heated , loses its magnetism . Phase transitions are characterized by an order parameter , such as the density or the magnetization , that changes as a function of a parameter of the system , such as the temperature . The special value of the parameter at which the system changes its phase is the system 's critical point . For systems that exhibit universality , the closer the parameter is to its critical value , the less sensitively the order parameter depends on the details of the system .
If the parameter β is critical at the value βc , then the order parameter a will be well approximated by
The exponent α is a critical exponent of the system . The remarkable discovery made in the second half of the twentieth century was that very different systems had the same critical exponents .
In 1975 , Mitchell Feigenbaum discovered universality in iterated maps .
Examples
Universality gets its name because it is seen in a large variety of physical systems . Examples of universality include :
Avalanches in piles of sand . The likelihood of an avalanche is in power-law proportion to the size of the avalanche , and avalanches are seen to occur at all size scales . This is termed `` self-organized criticality '' .
The formation and propagation of cracks and tears in materials ranging from steel to rock to paper . The variations of the direction of the tear , or the roughness of a fractured surface , are in power-law proportion to the size scale .
The electrical breakdown of dielectrics , which resemble cracks and tears .
The percolation of fluids through disordered media , such as petroleum through fractured rock beds , or water through filter paper , such as in chromatography . Power-law scaling connects the rate of flow to the distribution of fractures .
The diffusion of molecules in solution , and the phenomenon of diffusion-limited aggregation .
The distribution of rocks of different sizes in an aggregate mixture that is being shaken ( with gravity acting on the rocks ) .
The appearance of critical opalescence in fluids near a phase transition .
Theoretical overview
One of the important developments in materials science in the 1970s and the 1980s was the realization that statistical field theory , similar to quantum field theory , could be used to provide a microscopic theory of universality . The core observation was that , for all of the different systems , the behaviour at a phase transition is described by a continuum field , and that the same statistical field theory will describe different systems . The scaling exponents in all of these systems can be derived from the field theory alone , and are known as critical exponents .
The key observation is that near a phase transition or critical point , disturbances occur at all size scales , and thus one should look for an explicitly scale-invariant theory to describe the phenomena , as seems to have been put in a formal theoretical framework first by Pokrovsky and Patashinsky in 1965 . Universality is a by-product of the fact that there are relatively few scale-invariant theories . For any one specific physical system , the detailed description may have many scale-dependent parameters and aspects . However , as the phase transition is approached , the scale-dependent parameters play less and less of an important role , and the scale-invariant parts of the physical description dominate . Thus , a simplified , and often exactly solvable , model can be used to approximate the behaviour of these systems near the critical point .
Percolation may be modeled by a random electrical resistor network , with electricity flowing from one side of the network to the other . The overall resistance of the network is seen to be described by the average connectivity of the resistors in the network .
The formation of tears and cracks may be modeled by a random network of electrical fuses . As the electric current flow through the network is increased , some fuses may pop , but on the whole , the current is shunted around the problem areas , and uniformly distributed . However , at a certain point ( at the phase transition ) a cascade failure may occur , where the excess current from one popped fuse overloads the next fuse in turn , until the two sides of the net are completely disconnected and no more current flows .
To perform the analysis of such random-network systems , one considers the stochastic space of all possible networks ( that is , the canonical ensemble ) , and performs a summation ( integration ) over all possible network configurations . As in the previous discussion , each given random configuration is understood to be drawn from the pool of all configurations with some given probability distribution ; the role of temperature in the distribution is typically replaced by the average connectivity of the network .
The expectation values of operators , such as the rate of flow , the heat capacity , and so on , are obtained by integrating over all possible configurations . This act of integration over all possible configurations is the point of commonality between systems in statistical mechanics and quantum field theory . In particular , the language of the renormalization group may be applied to the discussion of the random network models . In the 1990s and 2000s , stronger connections between the statistical models and conformal field theory were uncovered . The study of universality remains a vital area of research .
Applications to other fields
Like other concepts from statistical mechanics ( such as entropy and master equations ) , universality has proven a useful construct for characterizing distributed systems at a higher level , such as multi-agent systems . The term has been applied to multi-agent simulations , where the system-level behavior exhibited by the system is independent of the degree of complexity of the individual agents , being driven almost entirely by the nature of the constraints governing their interactions . In network dynamics , universality refers to the fact that despite the diversity of nonlinear dynamic models , which differ in many details , the observed behavior of many different systems adheres to a set of universal laws . These laws are independent of the specific details of each system .
References
Dynamical systems
Critical phenomena
The Disease Control Priorities Project ( DCPP ) is an ongoing project that aims to determine priorities for disease control across the world , particularly in low-income countries . The project is most well known for the second edition of the report Disease Control Priorities in Developing Countries ( published in 2006 , often abbreviated as DCP2 and sometimes referred to as `` the DCP2 Report '' ) .
The Disease Control Priorities Project is a joint enterprise of a number of groups , including the University of Washington Department of Global Health , the World Bank , the Fogarty International Center ( National Institutes of Health ) , World Health Organization , Population Reference Bureau , Gates Foundation , the Center for Disease Dynamics , Economics & Policy , and the International Decision Support Initiative . Notable editors involved in the project include Dean Jamison , Alan Lopez , Colin Mathers , Christopher J.L . Murray , George Alleyne , Ramanan Laxminarayan , Prabhat Jha , and Anne Mills .
Publications
DCP1
The first edition of Disease Control Priorities in Developing Countries , commonly referred to as DCP1 , was published in 1993 . DCP1 is cited in the 1993 World Development Report .
DCP1 is organized into five parts :
Introduction
The Unfinished Agenda , I · Infectious Disease
The Unfinished Agenda , II · Reproductive Health and Malnutrition
Emerging Problems
Conclusion
Each part has chapters within it ; there are 29 chapters in all . The report spans more than 700 pages and has as contributors 79 authors in addition to the four editors .
DCP2
The second edition of Disease Control Priorities in Developing Countries , commonly referred to as DCP2 and sometimes referred to as `` the DCP2 Report '' , was published in 2006 . DCP2 is organized into 73 chapters , and is a 1400-page report by more than 350 specialists around the world with the goal of providing policy recommendations to reduce global disease burdens . The report is in English , but translations for some of the chapters to Arabic , Chinese , French , and Spanish are available . The report has been released under the Creative Commons attribution license ( CC-BY ) and a copy of DCP2 can be downloaded from the World Bank 's Open Knowledge Repository . The full text of the report can also be read online on the National Center for Biotechnology Information ( National Institutes of Health ) website .
In comparison to DCP1 , DCP2 is more systematic in its coverage .
DCP3
For third edition , the name of the report was shortened to Disease Control Priorities . The third edition is commonly referred to as DCP3 , and was published in nine volumes over the time period 2015–2018 .
The nine volumes are as follows :
Essential Surgery
Reproductive , Maternal , Newborn , and Child Health
Cancer
Mental , Neurological , and Substance Use Disorders
Cardiovascular , Respiratory and Related Disorders
Major Infectious Diseases
Injury Prevention and Environmental Health
Child & Adolescent Development
Disease Control Priorities ( summary volume )
DCP3 also has several companion publications :
Economic Dimensions of Noncommunicable Diseases in Latin America and the Caribbean
Optimizing Education Outcomes : High-Return Investments in School Health for Increased Participation and Learning
Re-Imagining School Feeding : A High Return Investment in Human Capital and Local Economies
Other publications
In addition to DCP1 , DCP2 , and DCP3 , the DCPP has produced other background papers and major publications . These include the following :
Global Burden of Disease and Risk Factors ( Lopez and others 2006 ) with the World Health Organization
Millions Saved : Proven Successes in Global Health ( Levine and the What Works Group 2004 ) with the Center for Global Development
`` The Intolerable Burden of Malaria : II . What 's New , What 's Needed '' ( Breman , Alilio , and Mills 2004 ) with the Multilateral Initiative on Malaria
Priorities in Health ( Jamison and others 2006 ) , a nontechnical companion to DCP2
Reception
GiveWell found five errors in DCP2 's cost-effectiveness estimate of soil-transmitted-helminth treatment , and found that correcting for these led to a cost-effectiveness estimate of $ 326.43 per DALY rather than the $ 3.41 per DALY figure given in DCP2 . GiveWell also discovered that the schistosomiasis treatment cost-effectiveness figure had a critical typo , publishing $ 3.36– $ 6.92 per DALY , when it should be $ 336– $ 692 per DALY , although the number was correct on another page .
See also
Copenhagen Consensus
Voices of the Poor
Moving Out of Poverty
References
External links
International medical and health organizations
Tomáš Janů ( born 17 September 1973 in Příbram ) is a former Czech footballer . He was able to play either left back or left defensive midfielder . Janů was the longest serving player in the club of FC Slovan Liberec ( over 350 starts ) . He was also the team captain . In summer of 2010 he moved to FK Ústí nad Labem on loan .
He ended professional career on 1 June 2013 in FC Slovan Liberec together with his teammate Zbyněk Hauzr .
Honours
Club
Slovan Liberec
Czech Cup : 1999–2000
Gambrinus liga : 2001–02 , 2005–06 , 2011–12
References
External links
Club Profile
1973 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech First League players
FC Slovan Liberec players
Association football defenders
1 . FK Příbram players
FK Ústí nad Labem players
Sportspeople from Příbram
Blackburn Rugby Club is an English rugby union club based in Blackburn , Lancashire . The first XV currently play in the level 5 league , North Premier , having reached the national levels of the sport for the first time in 2019 . They were promoted after winning the 2018–19 North 1 East/North 1 West promotion play-off .
Honours
North West 1 champions : 1996–97
North Lancashire/Cumbria champions ( 2 ) : 2007–08 , 2014–15
North 1 East/North 1 West promotion play-off winners : 2018–19
References
External links
Club website
English rugby union teams
Rugby union in Lancashire
Sports clubs in England
Blackburn
Henry Jerome ( November 12 , 1917– March 23 , 2011 ) was an American big band leader , trumpeter , arranger , composer , and record company executive .
Jerome formed his first dance band in 1932 in Norwich , Connecticut . His bands flourished throughout the 1940s , 1950s , and early 1960s . He became an A & R director at Decca Records in 1959 and at Coral , a Decca subsidiary , in the late 1960s .
Career
Jerome attended primary and secondary schools in Norwich , public for the former and Norwich Free Academy for the latter . He attended the Juilliard School of Music , studying trumpet with Max Schlossberg and composition and orchestration with William Vacchiano . Jerome formed his first professional orchestra while in 1931 when he was 14 . In high school he received an offer from the American Export Lines for his orchestra to perform on a ship sailing from New York to Europe . Without quitting school , Jerome secured permission from the Norwich Free Academy to accept the job .
Henry Jerome and His Orchestra performed at clubs , hotels , ballrooms , and theaters throughout the United States , and began performing on radio and TV in 1940 .
On February 28 , 1948 , the band was scheduled to perform at the Green Room of the Hotel Edison in New York City to fill a nine-day gap between Claudia Carroll 's closing and Alvy West–Buddy Greco 's opening on March 26 . From then on , Henry Jerome and His Orchestra performed regularly .
In 1952 , ABC Radio Network began broadcasting Dinner at the Green Room . According to a review in the December 11 , 1948 , issue of Billboard , Jerome had perfected the style of Hal Kemp , a softer style that suited many hotels .
The band included Alan Greenspan ( 1944 ) Clyde Reasinger ( 1960 ) , and Joe Harnell ( 1944 )
Jerome was A & R director at Coral Records , Decca Records , and MCA Records from 1959 to 1968 . He became A & R director of United Artists Records from 1968 to 1970 . In 1971 , he became president of Green Menu Music Factory , collaborating with Kim Gannon , Leonard Whitcup , Bobbi Martin , Norman Simon , Angelo Musulino . He became a member of ASCAP in 1951 . He used two pseudonyms , Van Grayson and Al Mortimer , to get royalties for musicians that he put on salary .
In the early 1960s , Henry Jerome and His Orchestra recorded eleven albums under the name `` Brazen Brass '' , from which four singles reached the top 10 worldwide . Jerome conceived the idea and Dick Jacobs wrote the arrangements .
Awards and honors
Grammy Award , Best Score from an Original Cast Show Album , Promises , Promises , 1969
Norwich , Connecticut , Native Son Award , 1974
Discography
Brazen Brass ( Decca , 1957 )
Brazen Brass Plays Songs Everybody Knows ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass Goes Hollywood ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass Brings Back the Bands ! ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass Features Saxes ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass Zings the Strings ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass Goes Latin ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass : New sounds in Folk Music ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass : Strings in Dixieland ( Decca , 1961 )
Brazen Brass : Legends of Lounge ( Decca , 1961 )
Cocktail Brazen Brass Brunswick , 1965 )
References
1917 births
2011 deaths
American jazz bandleaders
Juilliard School alumni
The Friendship Four is an annual mid-season college ice hockey tournament that has been held since 2015 at SSE Arena Belfast in Belfast , Northern Ireland with the winner receiving the Belpot Trophy . It is currently the only college ice hockey tournament to take place outside of the United States .
History
The tournament began as a way to foster stronger economic development , trade and investment , tourism , cultural exchange and educational linkages between the sister cities of Boston and Belfast . Each year four teams are selected to participate in the tournament which it typically held on the same weekend as Thanksgiving in the United States . As of 2019 all games have been played at the SSE Arena Belfast while all participating schools have come from the eastern region . While only two participating universities have come from Boston , many more have come from the same General Region .
After the 2020 and 2021 series were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the 2022 Friendship Four was announced on December 4 , 2021 .
Yearly Results
References
External link
Annual sporting events in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
2015 establishments in Northern Ireland
Ice hockey in the United Kingdom
College ice hockey tournaments in the United States
The Essential Mariah Carey is the third greatest hits album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey . The album was released in June 2011 in the U.K. and Ireland as a repackaged of her previous album The Greatest Hits . In the U.S. , it was released on May 9 , 2012 , as an entirely new greatest hits album as part of Sony 's The Essential series , and contains songs released during Mariah 's time at Columbia Records . It replaces some songs ( featured on the original 2001 Greatest Hits release ) with their extended club mixes , and others being completely removed in favor of tracks that had not been released as singles . Much of the artwork inside the album booklet is very similar to that of the Greatest Hits release .
Track listing
UK and Ireland edition
US edition
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
Mariah Carey compilation albums
2011 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Ric Wake
Albums produced by Walter Afanasieff
Albums produced by Jermaine Dupri
Columbia Records compilation albums
The 1964 Wandsworth Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Wandsworth London Borough Council in England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Battersea and Metropolitan Borough of Wandsworth . These boroughs were merged by the London Government Act 1963 to form the new London Borough of Wandsworth .
A total of 169 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 20 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties , while the Liberals stood 35 candidates . Other candidates included 15 Communists , 4 Independents and 1 Rad Lib . All wards were three-seat wards .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . Labour won all 10 aldermen .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 34 after winning 47 of the 60 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 35.0 % . This turnout included 1,514 postal votes .
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Brancsikia freyi is the type species in its genus of praying mantids : in the family Majangidae .
See also
Dead leaf mantis
External links
Animal Diversity
Mantodea
Insects described in 1893
Heinrich Heim ( 15 June 1900 , Munich – 26 June 1988 , Munich ) was a lawyer and NSDAP Ministerialrat who transcribed and co-published with Werner Jochmann transcripts of Adolf Hitler 's informal talks , known colloquially as Hitler 's Table Talk . Heim 's version of the table talk was published in 1980 under the title Adolf Hitler Monologe im Führerhauptquartier 1941-1944 . Heim 's edition relied upon the original German notes , recorded by Heim from 5 July 1941 to mid March 1942 , and August–September 1942 . According to German historian Clemens Vollnhals , from a `` source-critical point of view , the most reliable version of the Table Talk remains Werner Jochmann 's edition of 1980 . ''
Biography
Heinrich Heim was born in Munich , Bavaria into a distinguished family of lawyers . His father was a judge at the Bavarian Supreme Court , and a member of the Bavarian Court . Raised in Zweibrücken , Germany , Heim studied law at the University of Munich . After graduation Heim was hired by a law firm , where he worked with lawyer Hans Frank , who would later become a high-ranking official in Nazi Germany . Heim primarily represented the interests of a relief fund headed by Martin Bormann . From 1939 to 1943 Heim worked as an aide to Bormann , which later lead to his notable work recording Hitler 's informal conversations .
References
1900 births
1988 deaths
Nazi Party members
20th-century German lawyers
`` Christmas Tree Farm '' is a Christmas song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift . It was produced by Swift and English musician Jimmy Napes . Swift wrote the song on December 1 , 2019 , inspired by her Christmas vacation , and released it four days later , on December 6 . Opening with a classical balladic intro , `` Christmas Tree Farm '' is a cheery uptempo pop song driven by swing drums , lush orchestral arrangements , choir harmonies , and lyrics on childhood memories of Christmas .
The single charted in several countries , including Australia , Belgium , Canada , Hungary , Ireland , the United Kingdom , and the United States . Critics praised the song 's festive production and lyrics . An official music video , a compilation of home videos that capture Swift 's childhood days from the Christmas tree farm in Pennsylvania she grew up on , was also released alongside the song . The video features herself , her brother Austin Swift , and their parents . Swift performed the song live at the 2019 Capital FM Jingle Bell Ball in London and iHeartRadio Jingle Ball in New York City ; the live version from the latter was released to digital music platforms in November 2020 , followed by picture discs of the song . On November 22 , 2021 , a laid-back `` Old Timey Version '' of the song , featuring a classical orchestra , was released exclusively to Amazon Music .
Background and release
Taylor Swift released her seventh studio album , Lover , on August 23 , 2019 , to critical and commercial success . Inspired by the holiday season of 2019 , `` Christmas Tree Farm '' was written , recorded , and released by Swift in under six days . She wrote the song during Thanksgiving weekend , and recorded it on December 1 , 2019 , the Sunday before its release , with English producer Jimmy Napes at London Lane Studios , United Kingdom . The day after that , a group of choral singers provided the finishing touches . The song was announced on Good Morning America on December 5 , 2019 , and released at midnight the same day , along with an accompanying music video made from home videos .
On November 22 , 2021 , Swift announced a re-recorded `` Old Timey Version '' of the song on Good Morning America . The song was released that same day as an Amazon Music exclusive , and was sent to contemporary hit radio on November 29 , 2021 .
Composition
`` Christmas Tree Farm '' is an uptempo pop song . Swift wrote the song alone , and produced it with Napes . The song runs for a duration of three minutes and forty-eight seconds . The song has two parts . The intro starts at a slower , ballad-like tempo , and goes through a series of time signatures in , and . After this , the main part of the song begins and takes on the uptempo swing feel in common time . Swift performs it in the key of G major with her vocals ranging between D to G. The lyrics are centred around the Christmas spirit , romance , family and nostalgia , especially Swift 's years growing up at her father 's Christmas tree farm as a child .
Critical reception
`` Christmas Tree Farm '' received positive reviews upon release . Varietys Chris Willman labelled the song `` homey and hearth-y '' , with heavy orchestration and rich production , resulting in `` maximum holiday glee '' . Alyssa Bailey of Elle described it an infectious pop song , but still a personal holiday track , with `` jolly '' and romantic lyrics . Writing for Elite Daily , Michel Mendez complimented Swift 's songwriting , stating she is `` one heck of a songwriter '' and that the lyrics to the song `` will make anyone feel nostalgic for holidays spent at home with family '' . Describing the song as romantic and nostalgic , Eric Hegedus of New York Post , opined that the `` breezy '' single serves as a enthusiastic love letter to a `` soul mate who brings a sense of yearning to her [ Swift 's ] heart . '' Cosmopolitan picked `` Christmas Tree Farm '' as one of the 75 best Christmas songs of all time . Hollywood Life ranked it the second best , only behind Mariah Carey 's `` All I Want for Christmas Is You '' ( 1994 ) .
Commercial performance
In the United States , `` Christmas Tree Farm '' accumulated 7.7 million streams in its opening week . The song debuted at number two on the Billboard Digital Songs chart with 26,000 digital downloads sold . It was her 49th top-ten entry on the chart , an all-time record . It further arrived at number 59 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , becoming Swift 's 96th entry on the chart , which is the second highest tally for female artist in the Hot 100 history , behind Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj ; Swift surpassed Minaj eventually . It also debuted at number 25 and peaked at number three on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart .
Elsewhere , the single landed at number 13 in Croatia , number 16 in Scotland , number 23 in Flanders , number 29 in Hungary , number 51 on the Irish Singles Chart , number 55 on the Canadian Hot 100 , number 71 in the United Kingdom , and number 96 in Australia . Bolstered by the 2020 Christmas season , the song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at number 95 in December 2020 . `` Christmas Tree Farm '' also debuted at number 147 on the Billboard Global 200 chart , which was inaugurated in 2020 .
Following the release of the Old Timey Version , the single saw a boost in popularity in the 2021 Christmas season , where the song reached a new peak on the UK Single Chart at number 44 in December 2021 .
Music video
The music video was directed and produced by Swift . The Christmas tree farm in the song title , on the cover art , and in the video is Pine Ridge Farm located in Cumru Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania , a place where Swift grew up as a child before moving to nearby Wyomissing , Pennsylvania and later Hendersonville , Tennessee . The video , which consists of home videos from Swift 's childhood , features Swift , her brother Austin , and her parents Andrea and Scott . A lyric video for the song was released alongside the song and the music video on December 6 , 2019 . On December 23 , a video about the making of the song was released .
Live performances
Swift performed the song for the first time on December 8 , 2019 as part of her set-list for the 2019 Jingle Bell Ball in London . On December 13 , Swift 's birthday , she performed the song at iHeartRadio Z100 's Jingle Ball in New York City . This performance was recorded and released digitally on December 19 , 2020 .
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from Tidal .
Taylor Swift – vocals , songwriter , producer
Jimmy Napes – producer , backing vocals , piano
Serban Ghenea – mixer
John Hanes – mix engineer
Gus Pirelli – recording engineer , moog bass
Jamie McEvoy – assistant recording engineer
Joseph Wander – assistant recording engineer
Will Purton – assistant recording engineer
Camille – violin
Bruce White – viola
Jodi Milliner – bass guitar
Ian Burdge – cello
Chris Laurence – double bass
Ash Soan – drums
John Thurgood , Laurence Davies , Martin Owen – French horn
Simon Hale – string arranger
Lawrence Johnson – vocal arranger
Canice-Mimi Otohwo , Destinee Knight-Scott , Glenn Tatenda Gwazai , Jessica Mae Obioha , Lorrain Briscoe , Margeaux Michelle , Paul Lee , Tarna Renae Johnson , Tehillah Daniel , The LJ Singers , Travis J Cole , Wayne Hernandez , Wendi Rose – backing vocals
Charts
Release history
References
Footnote
Citations
2019 songs
2019 singles
Songs written by Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift songs
American Christmas songs
Republic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Taylor Swift
Music videos directed by Taylor Swift
Millstone Grit is the name given to any of a number of coarse-grained sandstones of Carboniferous age which occur in the British Isles . The name derives from its use in earlier times as a source of millstones for use principally in watermills . Geologists refer to the whole suite of rocks that encompass the individual limestone beds and the intervening mudstones as the Millstone Grit Group . The term Millstone Grit Series was formerly used to refer to the rocks now included within the Millstone Grit Group together with the underlying Edale Shale Group .
The term gritstone describes any sandstone composed of coarse angular grains , and specifically refers to such sandstones within the Pennines and neighbouring areas of Northern England .
Geographical occurrence
Rocks assigned to the Millstone Grit Group occur over a wide area of Northern England , where they are a hugely important landscape-forming element of the rock succession . They also occur in parts of northeast Wales and northwest Ireland . The group comprises a succession of sandstones , mudstones and siltstones , the specifics of the sequence varying from one area to another . They give rise both to a number of escarpments , known locally as edges , and a series of high plateaux throughout the region , many of which are of considerable cultural significance .
Pennines
They are the major landscape-forming rocks of the northern part of the Peak District ( the Dark Peak ) and of its eastern and western flanks in the counties of Derbyshire , Staffordshire and Cheshire . The great expanses of moorland around Bleaklow and Black Hill and fringed with broken outcrops of gritstone are characteristic of the area .
The ‘ eastern edges of the Peak District ' comprise a broadly north-south arranged series of west-facing cliffs from Bamford Edge in the north through Stanage Edge , Burbage Edge , Froggatt Edge , Curbar Edge , Baslow Edge , Gardom 's Edge , Birchen Edge , Dobb/Chatsworth Edge , Harland Edge and Fallinge Edge in the south . To the east of these edges is a broad band of relatively flat moorland known as the Eastern Moors .
Towards the western margins of the Peak District are a rather more broken series of edges , facing in a variety of directions , from those surrounding the high plateaux of Kinder Scout and Combs Moss to the imposing crags of the Roaches , Hen Cloud and Ramshaw Rocks in the south .
A millstone shaped from Millstone Grit quarried in the area has been adopted as the emblem of the Peak District National Park . As an image , the millstone is widely visible on literature but use is made of the objects themselves at many of the entrances to the National Park .
These rocks extend northwards through the South Pennines of Lancashire and West Yorkshire and westwards into the Forest of Rossendale and West Pennines and the Forest of Bowland , also in Lancashire . At the Yorkshire Dales they cover the south-east edge , but north of the Craven Faults , due to weathering , they form only cappings to separate hills .
Northeast Wales
A small area of Millstone Grit Group rocks stretches through Flintshire and Wrexham into the northwest corner of Shropshire near Oswestry .
South Wales
The term `` Millstone Grit '' was also adopted in South Wales where rocks of similar age and lithology are found though the Millstone Grit Series of this region has recently been formally renamed by the British Geological Survey as the Marros Group . The thickest bed of sandstone within it was known as the Basal Grit and this has now been renamed as the Twrch Sandstone . The Farewell Rock was formerly considered to be the uppermost unit of the Millstone Grit series of South Wales though it is now included within the overlying South Wales Coal Measures .
Ireland
The term has also been adopted at Slieve Anierin in northwest Ireland , describing the series of shales , grits , and coal seams , occurring from the base of the Namurian upwards .
Origins
The Millstone Grit dates to the Namurian Stage of the Carboniferous Period . At this time a series of isolated uplands existed across the British Isles region . One particular east-west aligned landmass stretched from Wales through the English Midlands and East Anglia to the continent and is now known as the Wales-Brabant High , though was formerly referred to as St George 's Land . Other uplands the erosion of which would provide the source material for the Millstone Grit lay to the north and northeast of the region . The Pennine Basin received input of sand and mud largely from southerly directed rivers from these northern landmasses .
Rivers running north off the Wales-Brabant High deposited material in the southern parts of the Pennine basin from northeast Wales to the Peak District . Southerly flowing rivers from this same landmass were responsible for the Millstone Grit/Marros Group succession in South Wales .
During much of the Carboniferous Period , world sea-levels were fluctuating in response to the growth and decline of a series of major ice-caps over the continents then clustered around the South Pole . Britain lay in the equatorial region . At times of high sea-level , silt and mud accumulated within the Pennine basin whilst at times of low sea-level , major deltas prograded across the region , their legacy being the thick sandstone beds of the Millstone Grit Group .
Stratigraphy
The Millstone Grit Group comprises over thirty individually named sandstones , some of regional extent , others more local in their occurrence . The intervening mudstones and siltstones are not generally named though important marine bands within them are named .
The oldest , and hence lowermost in the succession is the thick Pendle Grit of central Lancashire . It is succeeded by the sandstone known variously as the Brennand Grit , Warley Wise Grit and Grassington Grit . These are all of Pendleian ( E1 ) age – the lowermost sub-stage of the Namurian .
The Lower Follifoot Grit , Silver Hills Sandstone , Nottage Crag Grit , Marchup Grit , Red Scar Grit , Ward 's Stone Sandstone , Cocklett Scar Sandstones and Dure Clough Sandstones are all assigned to the following Arnsbergian sub-stage . The Kinderscoutian includes the Kinder Grit , Longnor Sandstones , Shale Grit , Todmorden Grit , Parsonage Sandstone , Heysham Harbour Sandstone , Eldroth Grit and Ellel Crag Sandstone .
The next sub-stage of the Namurian succession is the Marsdenian and it is to this that the Chatsworth Grit , Huddersfield White Rock , Holcombe Brook Grit , Greta Grits , Roaches Grit , Ashover Grit , Gorpley Grit , Pule Hill Grit , Fletcher Bank Grit , Brooksbottom Grit , Five Clouds Sandstones and Sheen Sandstones are assigned .
The closing sub-stage of the Namurian , the Yeadonian includes the Lower Haslingden Flags and the last sandstone in the entire Millstone Grit succession known as the Rough Rock . It is a widespread unit which attains a thickness of around 45m though is more generally 15m thick .
Economic importance
Various of the sandstone beds of the Millstone Grit have been quarried for building stone , paving flags and roofing material . Its use in the construction of dry stone walls across the areas where it outcrops is considerable . In neighbouring limestone areas , gritstone has often been preferred in the past for use as gateposts and lintels . The very name of the rock derives from its widespread use within cornmills where it proved suitable for grinding stones . It also found agricultural use as drinking troughs for animals . The majority of the quarrying for such use took place along the eastern edges of the Peak District . Millstone Edge was a significant source whilst abandoned millstones can be seen below the edges at Stanage , Froggatt and Baslow .
Some of the sandstones serve as aquifers into which numerous wells and boreholes have been sunk to provide local water supplies .
Crushed gritstone is also used as aggregate in path and road construction .
Rock climbing
The gritstone edges of West Yorkshire and the Peak District provide one of the classic areas in Britain for rock climbing . Public access to these edges for climbing developed at much the same time as access for walkers to the moors of the Pennines was established during the first half of the twentieth century . Their proximity to large centres of population resulted in their rapid development as climbing venues .
References
Secondary sources
Sandstone in the United Kingdom
Geology of the United Kingdom
Stratigraphy of the United Kingdom
Carboniferous System of Europe
Paolo Vergani ( 1750–1821 ) was an Italian Catholic political economist who wrote on the economy of the Papal States .
Biography
Born near Milan , as a student he devoted himself especially to ecclesiastical and civil law , and history . Having won distinction in theology , and been ordained priest , he went to Rome the better to prosecute his studies and soon became a Canon of St. John Lateran . It was then that he wrote the Trattato sulla pena di morte ( 2nd ed. , Milan , 1780 ) , the Discorso sulla giustizia criminale , and Dell'enormità del duello , which earned for him a distinguished position among the jurists of the eighteenth century and particularly contributed to the reform of the criminal law . It was also probably due to them that he was appointed assessor general of finances and commerce , and inspector of agriculture and he arts .
He wrote on the financial system of the Papal States as reformed by Pius VI ( Rome , 1791 ) , taking the position of an advocate of import duties for the protection of home industries , and maintaining that agriculture can not be the only source of wealth in a state . He displays at the same time familiarity with the history of political economy , and also appeals to religion and the duty of Christian charity , asserting the necessity of protecting and fostering the home industries , which he argued provide occupation for a large number of people , while manufacturing and foreign importation give work to only a few . This literary activity was interrupted for some thirty years : the Lateran Chapter having been dispersed in 1811 , Monsignor Vergani went to Paris , where he supported himself by giving lessons in Italian , and where he died . He also published La législation de Napoléon-le-Grand considéréé dans ses rapports avec l'agriculture ( Paris , 1812 ) , Essai historique sur le dernière persécution de l'Église ( 1814 ) and `` Le idee liberali , ultimo rifugio dei nemici della regione e del trono . '' ( 1816 )
Works
References
Franco Venturi , ‘ Nota introduttiva ' to Paolo Vergani , Illuministi Italiani , vol . VII : Riformatori delle antiche repubbliche , dei ducati , dello stato pontificio e delle isole , eds . Giuseppe Giarrizzo , Gianfranco Torcellan , and Franco Venturi ( Milan : Ricciardi , 1965 ) , 629-644 .
External links
Italian economists
1753 births
1820 deaths
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
Economic history of the Holy See
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
Italian counter-revolutionaries
German submarine U-556 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down on 2 January 1940 at the Blohm & Voss yard in Hamburg as yard number 532 , launched on 7 December 1940 , and commissioned on 6 February 1941 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Herbert Wohlfarth , who commanded her for her entire career . U-556 conducted only two patrols , sinking six ships totalling and damaging one other of 4,986 GRT , before she was sunk on 27 June 1941 .
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines . U-556 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged . She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke , six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced , two Brown , Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged . She had two shafts and two propellers . The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged , the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced , she could travel at . U-556 was fitted with five torpedo tubes ( four fitted at the bow and one at the stern ) , fourteen torpedoes , one SK C/35 naval gun , 220 rounds , and a C/30 anti-aircraft gun . The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty .
Service history
First patrol
U-556 sailed from Kiel for her first patrol on 1 May 1941 . She headed out into the waters of the northern Atlantic , south of Greenland . She made her first kill on 6 May , sinking the 166 GRT Faroese fishing trawler Emanuel with her deck gun west of the Faroe Islands .
On 10 May she joined the wolfpack West attacking Convoy OB 318 south-east of Cape Farewell . Her first victim was the 4,986 GRT British merchant ship Aelybryn , hit by one of the torpedoes fired by the U-boat at 04:42 . Badly damaged , but suffering only a single casualty , the ship was towed to Reykjavík by .
The convoy scattered , but at 07:52 U-556 torpedoed and sank the 4,861 GRT British merchant ship . Nine crew members and two gunners were later picked up by , but the master , 31 crewmen , and two gunners were lost .
The U-boat had her third success of the day at 20:37 , sinking the 5,086 GRT Belgian merchant ship Gand . One crew member was lost and another wounded . The master , 38 crewmen and four gunners were rescued .
Ten days later , on 20 May , the wolfpack attacked Convoy HX 126 . Between 14:48 and 15:16 U-556 fired torpedoes at the convoy and sank two British merchant ships , the 4,974 GRT Darlington Court and the 5,995 GRT Cockaponset , and the 8,470 GRT tanker British Security . Loaded with 11,200 tons of benzine and kerosene , the tanker caught fire and burned for three days before sinking . There were no survivors from her crew of 53 .
The sinking of Bismarck
On 26 May , while returning from patrol , low on fuel and having fired all her torpedoes , U-556 was ordered to reconnoitre the most recently reported position of the battleship .
U-556 and Bismarck had been neighbours in the ways at Blohm & Voss and their construction was completed at about the same time . ( Bismarck was commissioned on 24 August 1940 . ) In January 1941 , as U-556s commissioning ceremony approached , Wohlfarth wanted a band for the celebration , but could not afford to hire one . Kapitän Ernst Lindemann , commanding officer of Bismarck , lent him his ship 's band .
As thanks , Wohlfarth drew up a humorous Patenschaftsurkunde ( `` Certificate of Sponsorship '' ) promising that U-556 would protect Bismarck . A drawing shows Wohlfarth as the knight Parzival [ Percival ] ( his nickname ) on the deck of U-556 simultaneously bringing down planes with a sword and reaching underwater to stop a torpedo with his thumb . A second drawing then shows the submarine towing the battleship to safety .
The text accompanying the drawing reads :
Around 19:50 , Wohlfahrt saw the battlecruiser and the aircraft carrier coming out of the mist at high speed . He recorded in his log , `` Enemy bows on , 10 degrees to starboard , without destroyers , without zigzagging , '' but without any torpedoes , could only submerge and avoid them . Wohlfahrt saw activity on Ark Royals flight deck , which transpired to be the launching of the second , fatal attack on Bismarck . At 20:39 , Wohlfahrt surfaced and transmitted , `` Enemy in view , a battleship , an aircraft carrier , course 115 , enemy is proceeding at high speed . Position 48° 20′ N , 16° 20′ W. '' Renowns and Ark Royals course toward Bismarck coincided almost exactly with his own ; he proceeded on the surface at full speed behind them .
Wohlfahrt 's War Diary contains these entries for 27 May 1941 :
00:00 , ( wind ) north-west 5 , seaway 5 , rain squalls , moderate visibility , very dark night . Surfaced . What can I do for Bismarck ? I can see star shells being fired and flashes from Bismarck 's guns . It is a terrible feeling to be near and not to be able to do anything . All I can do is reconnoitre and lead in boats that have torpedoes . I am keeping contact at the limit of visibility , reporting the position , and sending directional signals to call up the other boats .
03:52 : I am moving around on the east side to the south , in order to be in the direction of the activity . I soon reach the limit of what I can do in view of my fuel supply . Otherwise , I wo n't get home .
04:00 : The seas are rising ever higher . Bismarck still fighting . Reported weather for the Luftwaffe .
Around 06:30 Wohlfahrt sighted and transferred the mission of maintaining contact with Bismarck to Kapitänleutnant Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat . He gave Kentrat Bismarcks position based on his observations of the star shells fired during the night , adding : `` I have not seen her directly . You assume contact . I have no more fuel . '' Wohlfahrt then submerged and did not surface again until noon , a time at which radio signals were routinely repeated . That was when he heard for the first time the order radioed to him between 07:00 and 08:00 to pick up Bismarcks War Diary . He replied to the Befehlshaber der U-Boote ( `` Commander-in-Chief for Submarines '' ) Karl Dönitz , asking that this mission be transferred to Kentrat , who received the radio order , `` U-boat Kentrat pick up Bismarck War Diary , '' but was unable to locate Bismarck . The battleship had been sunk before Wohlfahrt had received the first message at noon .
U-556 arrived at Lorient , in occupied France on 30 May 1941 after 30 days at sea , where Wohlfahrt received the Knight 's Cross ( Ritterkreuz ) from Dönitz personally .
Second patrol
U-556 departed from Lorient on 19 June 1941 , and once more headed out into the Atlantic . However , on 27 June , she was sunk south-west of Iceland , in position , by depth charges from the British s , and . Five of the crew were killed and 41 survived .
Wolfpacks
U-556 took part in one wolfpack , namely :
West ( 10 – 20 May 1941 )
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
The Special Bond between the Bismarck and the U-556
German Type VIIC submarines
World War II submarines of Germany
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by British warships
1940 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
U-boats commissioned in 1941
U-boats sunk in 1941
Maritime incidents in June 1941
Elevate is the second studio album by American boy band Big Time Rush . It was released on November 21 , 2011 , by Columbia Records in association with Nickelodeon . The band worked with accomplished songwriters and producers for the album . These include those that assisted with the material from their debut album , such as Emanuel Kiriakou , Lindy Robbins , Nicholas Furlong , Damon Sharpe , Eric Sanicola and Lucas Secon , along with other notable songwriters and producers , such as JR Rotem , Christopher Stewart , The-Dream , Jay Sean , and Ryan Tedder . The production process of the album took place between nine months to a year , most of which was during their touring process .
Background
The album acts as the soundtrack to the Nickelodeon television series Big Time Rush , which features songs that appeared in the series ' second season and the television movie , Big Time Movie . Following the success of their first release , the band was inspired to be more involved in the writing process for this album , writing together or separately a total of eight songs . Elevate is mainly a pop-inspired dance-rock album , also showcasing soul-pop and alternative rock . The first single from Elevate , `` Music Sounds Better with U '' , was released on November 1 , 2011 .
Promotion
TeenNick hosted a listening party in support of the band 's new album , premiering every song on the album along with playing episodes that contain songs from the album and playing the music video for the first single , `` Music Sounds Better with U '' . Nickelodeon hosted a thirty-minute special called Big Time Rush : Music Sounds Better With U in which scenes from the band 's tour and studio recording sessions are compiled together for airing . The scenes feature information about the recording and production of the album .
Singles
`` Music Sounds Better With U '' , featuring Mann , was released as first single on November 1 , 2011 . The music video was released November 12 , 2011 during their brand-new special , Big Time Rush : Music Sounds Better With U . The second and last single was `` Windows Down '' , released on June 25 , 2012 , from the re-released version .
Promotional singles
`` If I Ruled the World '' , featuring Iyaz , was released on July 22 , 2011 . The music video was released July 23 , 2011 and features the guys traveling and performing for their fans . It was predicted as a Future Hit by This Must Be Pop Awards . `` Elevate '' was released on June 1 , 2012 , as the second promotional single on Apple Music in the United Kingdom , containing `` Blow Your Speakers '' as the B-side .
Better With U Tour
A tour for the album was announced in early fall 2011 , named Better with U Tour , taken from the album 's first single . The tour began on February 17 , 2012 , in Las Vegas , Nevada and ended at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on March 9 , 2012 . JoJo and One Direction were the opening acts for the tour . While visiting the United Kingdom in 2012 , the band revealed 4 alternate covers for the album exclusive to the country , each one featuring individual pictures of each of the members and an autograph . These Special Editions were released at the same time the regular UK edition did ( February 6 ) and share the same track list . These special covers are presented in slipcase package .
Critical reception
The album at first received mixed to positive reviews with music critics and fans , mostly praising the production and more mature sound .
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number one on the iTunes album chart as well as a number 12 debut on the Billboard 200 and stayed 22 weeks on chart . In its first week , the album sold 70,000 copies . As of 2012 , the album has sold 208,000 copies in the United States .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2011 albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by Cutfather
Albums produced by J. R. Rotem
Albums produced by Ryan Tedder
Big Time Rush albums
Georges Doussot ( born 16 October 1901 , date of death unknown ) was a French boxer . He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics . In 1924 , Doussot was eliminated in the first round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Al Mello .
References
External links
1901 births
Year of death missing
Welterweight boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French male boxers
HMS Valiant was the second ship of the armoured frigates ordered by the Royal Navy in 1861 . Her builders went bankrupt shortly after she was laid down , which significantly delayed her completion . After being launched in 1863 , she waited a further five years to receive her guns due to supply issues . Upon being commissioned in 1868 the ship was assigned as the First Reserve guard ship for Southern Ireland , where she remained until she was decommissioned in 1885 . Valiant was hulked in 1897 as part of the stoker training school HMS Indus before becoming a storeship for kite balloons during the First World War . The ship was converted to a floating oil tank in 1926 and served in that role until sold for scrap in 1956 .
Design and description
The Hector-class ironclads , like their immediate predecessors , the , were designed as smaller and cheaper versions of the armoured frigates . They were modified versions of the Defence-class ships with additional armour and more powerful engines .
Valiant was long between perpendiculars . She had a beam of and a draft of . The ship was overweight and displaced . The hull was subdivided by watertight transverse bulkheads into 92 compartments and had a double bottom underneath the engine and boiler rooms . The ships of her class were designed with a very low centre of gravity and had a metacentric height of . While handy in manoeuvring , they rolled quite badly .
Propulsion
Valiant had one 2-cylinder horizontal-return connecting-rod steam engine made by Maudslay Sons & Field driving a single propeller . Six boilers provided steam to the engine at a working pressure of . The engine produced a total of . During her sea trials on 18 September 1865 Valiant had a maximum speed of . The ship carried of coal , enough to steam at full speed .
The ship was barque-rigged and had a sail area of . Her funnel was semi-retractable to reduce wind resistance while under sail alone . She was designed to allow the ship 's propeller to be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail , but the hoisting gear was never fitted .
Armament
The armament of the Hector-class ships was intended to be 32 smoothbore , muzzle-loading 68-pounder guns , 15 on each side on the main deck and one each fore and aft as chase guns on the upper deck . This was modified during construction to eight rifled 110-pounder breech-loading guns and twenty-four 68-pounders . The breech-loading guns were a new design from Armstrong and much was hoped for them . Firing tests carried out in September 1861 against an armoured target , however , proved that the 110-pounder was inferior to the 68-pounder smoothbore gun in armour penetration and repeated incidents of breech explosions during the Battles for Shimonoseki and the Bombardment of Kagoshima in 1863–1864 caused the navy to withdraw the gun from service shortly afterwards .
Due to her extended construction time , Valiant never received the breech loaders , and was armed with sixteen and two rifled muzzle-loading guns . The two 8-inch guns were mounted on the quarterdeck where they could be fought in all weathers and four 7-inch guns were also fitted on the upper deck . The remaining twelve 7-inch guns were carried on the main deck . The shell of the 15-calibre 8-inch gun weighed while the gun itself weighed . It had a muzzle velocity of and was credited with the ability to penetrate a nominal of wrought iron armour at the muzzle . The 16-calibre 7-inch gun weighed and fired a shell . It was credited with the nominal ability to penetrate armour .
Armour
The Hector-class ships had a wrought-iron waterline armour belt , thick , that covered amidships and left the bow and stern unprotected . To protect against raking fire the belt was closed off by 4.5-inch transverse bulkheads at each end at lower deck level . The armour extended to below the waterline . The main deck was protected by a strake of armour that ran the full length of the ship . Amidships , it was 4.5-inch thick for a length of 216 feet and tapered to a thickness of to the ends of the ship . The armour was backed by of teak . The lack of armour at the stern meant that the steering gear was very vulnerable .
Service history
HMS Valiant was laid down on 1 February 1861 by Westwood , Baillie in Cubitt Town . This company went bankrupt in November 1861 and was ultimately bought by Thames Ironworks , which delayed the ship 's launching until 14 October 1863 . In August 1865 , after Valiant had been towed to Portsmouth for fitting out , the ship was inspected by French officers during a port visit by ironclads of the French Navy . Production of the new muzzle-loaded rifles was slow and ships already in commission had priority so Valiant was not commissioned until September 1868 , nearly five years after she was launched .
After Valiant was commissioned she became the First Reserve guard ship in Southern Ireland , where she remained until 1885 , an experience unique among the British ironclads , although she did have one break to have new boilers installed . From June to August 1878 the ship formed part of the Particular Service Squadron at the time of the Russian war scare during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 , and sailed up the Dardanelles under the command of Admiral Hornby . On 20 July 1884 Valiant was accidentally rammed by the ironclad in Lough Swilly , damaging her hull and tearing off her boats , davits and fittings on one side of the ship . Valiant was paid off in 1885 , and saw no further front-line service ; lying for thirteen years in a partially dismantled state at Devonport . In 1897 she was assigned to the stoker training establishment , briefly losing her name , before being renamed as Indus IV in 1904 . The ship was converted to a kite balloon storeship in 1915 , during World War I , and her name was changed to HMS Valiant III . She was offered for sale in 1922 , but there were no takers so that she was converted into a floating oil tank in 1926 and towed to Hamoaze , where she remained until 1956 . Valiant was sold in that year to Belgian ship breakers and towed to Bruges on 8 December 1956 .
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
A Royal Maritime Museum engraving of HMS Valiant c. 1870
1870s photograph of HMS Valiant from cyber-heritage.co.uk
Hector-class ironclads
1863 ships
Victorian-era battleships of the United Kingdom
Ships built in Cubitt Town
Al-Alam Sport Club ( ) is an Iraqi football team based in Saladin , that plays in Iraq Division One .
Managerial history
Ali Jawad
Adnan Mohammed
Abdullah Al-Taiyawi
Natiq Haddad
See also
2019–20 Iraq FA Cup
2021–22 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Alam SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
1997 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 1997
Football clubs in Saladin
Thomas Clowes ( August 5 , 1791 Marblehead , Essex County , Massachusetts - April 9 , 1866 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Life
His father and uncles were seafaring men . While a boy he went to sea with his uncle , making two voyages across the Atlantic Ocean . In 1808 , he went to live with an uncle , who had settled in Brunswick , Rensselaer County , New York , with the promise of becoming heir to his property . After the death of his uncle , he went to the county seat Troy , New York , to settle the estate , but eventually remained there and studied law at the office of Ross & McConihe . On July 6 , 1818 , he married Nancy Cox , but of their children only one daughter reached maturity .
He was Surrogate of Rensselaer County from 1821 to 1827 .
From 1840 to 1844 , he was a Canal Appraiser .
In November 1846 , he was elected on the Whig and Anti-Rent tickets a Canal Commissioner . Under the Act of May 6 , 1844 , there were two canal commissioners to be elected to a four-year term beginning on February 1 , 1847 , but at the same State election the voters ratified the New York State Constitution of 1846 which extended the terms of the incumbent commissioners until the end of 1847 , calling for a new election in November 1847 . Thus Clowes could not take office for his elected term . However , on November 1 , 1847 , Commissioner Nathaniel Jones resigned , and Clowes was elected by the New York State Legislature on November 15 to fill the vacancy , and remained in office for six weeks , until the end of the year .
In 1849 , he was appointed by President Zachary Taylor Postmaster of Troy . In March 1851 , he was removed by President Millard Fillmore . He was again appointed Postmaster of Troy by President Abraham Lincoln in 1862 , and re-appointed by President Andrew Johnson , and died in office .
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough ( pages 42f and 417 ; Weed , Parsons and Co. , 1858 )
The New-York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough , Stephen C. Hutchins & Edgar Albert Werner ( pages 247f ; Weed , Parsons and Co. , Albany NY , 1867 )
The election in 1846 , in Political History of the State of New York from January 1 , 1841 , to January 1 , 1847 , Vol III , including The Life of Silas Wright by Jabez Delano Hammond ( L. W. Hall , Syracuse NY , 1849 ; page 689 )
Federal appointments , among them a new postmaster at Troy , in NYT on May 19 , 1866
The Rise and Fall of the American Whig Party : Jacksonian Politics and the Onset of the Civil War by Michael F. Holt ( Oxford University Press US , 2003 , , ; pages 650f )
Bio , and portrait , in History of Rensselaer Co. , New York by Nathaniel Bartlett Sylvester ( 1880 ) [ has a few typos ]
1791 births
1866 deaths
Politicians from Troy , New York
Erie Canal Commissioners
New York ( state ) postmasters
New York ( state ) state court judges
People from Marblehead , Massachusetts
19th-century American judges
The black-and-crimson oriole ( Oriolus cruentus ) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae .
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Taxonomy and systematics
The black-and-crimson oriole was originally described in the genus Leptopteryx ( a synonym for Artamella ) . Along with the black , maroon and silver orioles , it belongs to a clade of red and black orioles . Alternate names for the black-and-crimson oriole include the black-crimson oriole and crimson-breasted oriole .
Subspecies
Four subspecies are recognized :
O. c. malayanus - Robinson & Kloss , 1923 : Found on the Malay Peninsula
O. c. consanguineus - ( Ramsay , RGW , 1881 ) : Originally described as a separate species . Found on Sumatra
O. c. cruentus - ( Wagler , 1827 ) : Found on Java
O. c. vulneratus - Sharpe , 1887 : Originally described as a separate species . Found on northern Borneo
References
External links
Image at ADW
Oriolus
Orioles
Birds described in 1827
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pandemis ignescana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in the Russian Far East ( Primorsky Krai ) and Japan .
The wingspan is about 9 mm for males and 10 mm for females .
The larvae feed on Abies veitchii , Abies nephrolepis and Picea ajanensis .
References
Moths described in 1976
Pandemis
The Nokia Lumia 735 is a Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone developed by Nokia . Unveiled on 4 September 2014 at IFA Berlin , alongside the Lumia 730 , the device is a smartphone with a particular emphasis on selfies , aided by a 5-megapixel , wide-angle front-facing camera .
Specifications
Hardware
The Nokia Lumia 735 has a 1.2 GHz quad-core ARM Cortex-A7 ( Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8926 ) , ⁣ and a Qualcomm Adreno 305 GPU , and has 1 GB of system RAM . The Nokia Lumia 735 and Nokia Lumia 730 Dual SIM come with an internal storage capacity of 8 GB , and also support microSD expansion . The battery can be removed , and a 128 GB capable mini-SD card slot is provided along with wireless charging capability .
In May 2015 , Microsoft released a Microsoft-branded version of the device ( exclusive to Verizon in the US ) with improved hardware ( 16 GB internal storage versus 8 GB ) . It comes with a later version of the software .
Software
The Nokia Lumia 735 was released in 2014 and runs the Windows 10 Mobile operating system as the software can be upgraded continuously . All variants of the Lumia 735 are upgradable to Windows 10 Mobile . Many long-time users of the phone reported that certain apps like Here Maps and Here Drive have been phased out . Users also report that both the camera and video capture modes include a 'Pro ' function with a myriad of enhancements including HDR for the camera and editing abilities . The Cortana voice assistant allows hands-free voice enabled instructions for almost every task , including the hands-free use of the Groove Music App . Microsoft Cloud enabled services are integrated into the handset .
Variants
See also
Microsoft Lumia
Nokia Lumia 730
References
External links
Official page
Nokia Lumia 735
Lumia 735
Mobile phones introduced in 2014
Discontinued smartphones
Smartphones
Microsoft Lumia
Windows Phone devices
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Syd Brak was a London-based illustrator .
He is particularly recognized for his top selling poster Long Distance Kiss .
Early career
In the mid-1970s , Syd was awarded the 'gold award ' for design and illustration in Johannesburg South Africa by Bill Bernbach . In the late 1970s , Syd moved to London . He started working as a freelance airbrush artist . He has done work for companies including Coca-Cola , MSN , and Levi 's .
Long distance kiss
In 1982 , his poster , Long Distance Kiss was the top selling poster in the world . It was sold in Athena art retail shops .
Technique
Syd Brak was one of the most influential artists of the 1980s , perfecting an airbrush technique that allowed him to create some of the most iconic images of that decade .
The kiss series
The `` Kiss series '' that so inspired designer Martin Kidman was another big hit for Athena . Created by Syd Brak , an artist from an advertising background , it was planned specifically to appeal to teen and pre-teen girls who , Brak says , `` aspire to maturity and sophistication '' . Pictures such as First Kiss , Forget Me Not and Long Distance Kiss all contained some mini- narrative that chimed with the adolescent psyche , hinting picturesquely at the dramas of teenage melancholy , lost love and heartache . The icy , mysterious girls , their faces bleached out , their eyes smothered in electric blue eye shadow and their lips a streak of glossy red , inspired many imitations with cheap make-up . They also apparently inspired last year 's homage to the 1980s in The Face which featured on its cover a photograph of airbrush-style perfection . The same photographer , Sølve Sundsbø , followed it up with his recent ad campaign for hip design house Bottega Veneta - the collection , needless to say , inspired by 1980s style .
Recent career
His retro style posters captured the new romantic / punk era of the late 70s early 80s . They have been sold by the hundreds of thousands .
Syd did book covers for authors including John Grisham , Wilbur Smith and Ken Follett .
References
The Independent Jan 2007
An academic essay on Airbrush Art and Syd Brak : Kassaveti , U.-H. ( 2019 ) . “ Sharp Sybaritic ” Retrofuturistic Deco Realism : Some Preliminary Notes on the 1980s Airbrush Art . Imaginations : Journal of Cross-Cultural Image Studies , 10 ( 2 ) , 89–117 . https : //www.academia.edu/41973677/Kassaveti_U.-H._2019_._Sharp_Sybaritic_Retrofuturistic_Deco_Realism_Some_Preliminary_Notes_on_the_1980s_Airbrush_Art._Imaginations_Journal_of_Cross-Cultural_Image_Studies_10_2_89-117
External links
Syd Brak images at the Folio illustration agency
South African artists
Living people
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Quartilla is a character in the Satyricon which is said to be the `` first picaresque '' novel in Latin although it is not completely extant . This story was written by Petronius Arbiter in the first century . Quartilla is a follower of the god Priapus and she and her maids are involved with seducing and torturing three of the characters , Encolpius , Ascyltum , and Giton .
She has been the subject of artistic and academic study . It has been proposed that she represents Octavia and her name is a pun like reference for the reader .
References
Bibliography
External links
Fictional ancient Romans
Satyricon
Adán Javier Medrano Rodríguez ( 24 December 1969 - 8 February 2018 ) , also known as El Licenciado ( The Attorney ) , was a Mexican convicted drug lord and former high-ranking member of the Gulf Cartel , a criminal group based in Tamaulipas , Mexico . He joined the cartel during the 1990s , and was a trusted enforcer of former kingpin Osiel Cárdenas Guillén . His roles in the cartel were managing drug shipments from Guatemala to Mexico , supervising murders ordered by Cárdenas , and coordinating cash transfers from the U.S. to Mexico .
In 1999 , Medrano and his associates threatened two U.S. agents at gunpoint in Matamoros after the agents traveled there with an informant to gather intelligence on the cartel 's operations . The agents and informant returned to the U.S. unharmed , and the incident triggered a massive manhunt for Medrano and the rest of the cartel leadership . A 2 million bounty was offered for his capture , and he was charged with a number of crimes . Medrano was arrested in 2002 , and sentenced to 44 years in prison in 2006 . He was unexpectedly released from prison during the early 2010s .
Early life and career
Medrano was born on 24 December 1969 . According to his Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) profile , he is , weighed , and has brown hair and eyes . Medrano 's birthplace and nationality are `` unknown '' . The profile included his Social Security number , and described him as a Hispanic of medium build and complexion and `` armed and dangerous '' .
Medrano joined the Gulf Cartel during the 1990s when Juan García Ábrego was in power . After García Ábrego was arrested in 1996 , the cartel experienced internal strife as several factions and leaders vied for control . Medrano was part of a faction which fought other groups headed by cartel leaders Ángel Salvador Gómez Herrera ( `` El Chava '' ) , Gilberto García Mena ( `` El June '' ) , and Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza ( `` El Señor de los Tráilers '' ) for control of the drug corridors in a region in Tamaulipas known as La Frontera Chica . Control of the cartel solidified under Osiel Cárdenas Guillén in 199. , Medrano and Cárdenas met when they worked for the Federal Judicial Police ( PJF ) in Tamaulipas . Under Cárdenas , Medrano reported to Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez ( `` El Coss '' ) and Víctor Manuel Vázquez Mireles ( `` El Meme '' ) . Based in Matamoros , Tamaulipas , he was part of groups known as Sierras and Tangos . Their members used aliases and codes to ensure anonymity . His roles in the cartel were managing death orders from Cárdenas and overseeing drug distribution from Matamoros . He also coordinated cash shipments of drug proceeds from the U.S. to Mexico , and verified the quality and amount of narcotics received from Guatemala to Chiapas , from where it was later sent to northern Mexico .
On 9 November 1999 , Medrano and several associates , including Cárdenas , threatened two U.S. agents at gunpoint in Matamoros . The agents , who had traveled there with an informant to gather intelligence on the cartel 's operations , were intercepted by the Gulf Cartel . Although Cárdenas threatened to kill the agents and informant during the standoff , after a heated discussion they were allowed to return to the U.S. unharmed . The incident led to increased law-enforcement efforts against the Gulf Cartel 's leadership . On 14 March 2000 , the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas ( S.D . Tex . ) in Brownsville filed a sealed indictment against Medrano for multiple marijuana and cocaine trafficking offenses , a money laundering scheme , and for assaulting the two agents . On 14 December 2000 , the U.S. State Department announced a US $ 2 million bounty for Medrano , Cárdenas and José Manuel Garza Rendón ( `` La Brocha '' ) , and unsealed the March indictment . On 9 April 2002 , Medrano was charged again by the S.D . Tex . in a superseding indictment . The U.S. had an open extradition request , based on the Brownsville indictments . In Mexico , Medrano was wanted for drug trafficking , illegal possession of firearms , attempted homicide and organized-crime involvement . His arrest warrant was issued on 18 May 2000 by Judge Olga Sánchez Contreras of a Mexico City court .
Medrano was promoted to second-in-command in the cartel after the April 2001 arrest of García Mena . He took over drug trafficking in the state of Veracruz , where the cartel bought drug shipments from Colombian drug cartels for distribution . After Garza Rendón surrendered to U.S. authorities at the Texas border on 5 June 2001 , Medrano rose higher in the cartel . On 14 January 2002 the Mexican Army arrested Rubén Sauceda Rivera ( `` El Cacahuate '' ) , one of Medrano 's associates in Matamoros , and Medrano became a priority target for the Mexican government . Mario Roldán Quirino of the Attorney General 's Office ( PGR ) headed Medrano 's investigation . Mexican security forces worked with U.S. law-enforcement agencies , sharing intelligence to find and apprehend Medrano . Although Roldán visited Matamoros in December 2001 and made significant progress in the investigation , he was murdered in Mexico City by reported organized-crime figures on 21 February 2002 , a few months before Medrano was captured .
Arrest and reaction
After months of being tracked , Medrano was arrested by the Mexican Army and the Federal Investigation Agency ( AFI ) in Matamoros on 27 March 2002 . The arrest occurred in the Buena Vista neighborhood at around 4:00 p.m. ; he was detained while buying ice cream with his son and wife . No shots were fired , and Medrano did not resist arrest . Officials said that the non-violent arrest was a result of successful intelligence-gathering ; they learned that he was trying to live an apparently-ordinary life in Matamoros , with few luxuries , to avoid attracting attention . However , rumors began that his arrest may have been a handover by the Gulf Cartel and not the result of law-enforcement intelligence . Authorities denied the allegations , confirming their efforts against Medrano and denying speculation that he surrendered . The rumors stemmed from the fact that Medrano was arrested without bodyguards and without any shots fired .
At the scene , authorities discovered that Medrano was driving a Suburban without license plates . He had a special-edition , gold-plated .38 handgun and seven cartridges . According to Estuardo Mario Bermúdez Molina , former head of the Special Prosecutor 's Office for Crimes against Health ( FEADS , an anti-narcotics agency of the PGR ) , several men tried to bribe police officers to release Medrano and the officers called for reinforcements . Police confirmed that several vehicles followed the police car carrying Medrano , but the followers never shot at the police units . Authorities asked for reinforcements while they traveled in a convoy , forming a barricade to protect Medrano 's vehicle . The element of surprise delayed any attempts by the Gulf Cartel to release him . When Medrano was in custody at a military installation , a large group of people asked for him . An official did not confirm if they were part of the Gulf Cartel , saying that they did not try to release him . Authorities confirmed that some informants who provided information leading to Medrano 's arrest would receive part of the $ 2 million bounty ; law-enforcement personnel , however , were ineligible for the reward .
During the 2000s , the Mexican government arrested a number of other high-ranking alleged organized-crime figures . With Medrano 's arrest , Mexican President Vicente Fox indicated a strategy shift from previous administrations against drug cartels by targeting several cartels at a time instead of only one . Fox 's administration was more successful than those of his predecessors , Ernesto Zedillo and Carlos Salinas de Gortari , in high-profile drug arrests . At a press conference , Bermúdez said that Medrano 's arrest dealt a `` substantial '' blow to the Gulf Cartel . Authorities were concerned that arrests like Medrano 's would trigger infighting among the Gulf Cartel leadership , and speculated that the cartel would experience important executive changes . One leader expected to fill Medrano 's position was Gregorio Sauceda Gamboa ( `` El Caramuela '' ) , who was based in Reynosa , Tamaulipas . Investigators also considered Costilla Sánchez and Vázquez Mireles as possible successors .
Custody and imprisonment
Medrano was held at a military facility in Matamoros before being transferred to Mexico City for processing . His first hearing was held on 29 March 2002 in front of the judge Alfredo Belmont , and his attorney said that his client would remain silent . In one of his hearings , Medrano told the prosecution he was a legitimate businessman and said that the evidence against him were nonexistent . He asked authorities to immediately release him . The two U.S. agents and their informant , however , testified against Medrano and explained to the prosecution the details of the standoff where Medrano and other Gulf Cartel members threatened them at gunpoint . Medrano 's defense claimed that the case against their client did not include information of the death threats against the two U.S. agents or of gun possession .
Medrano was confined at the , a penitentiary in Mexico City , under the jurisdiction of the district criminal court . Unlike most inmates at the prison , Medrano was under constant supervision . Authorities discussed the possibility of transferring him to the Federal Social Readaptation Center No . 1 ( formerly known as La Palma ) , a maximum-security prison in Almoloya de Juárez , State of Mexico , because Medrano was considered dangerous . However , the transfer required a ruling by a federal judge . In Reclusorio Oriente , Medrano became close friends with drug lords Luis Eusebio Duque Reyes ( `` El Duke '' ) and Juan José Quintero Payán . The alliances worried prison personnel , who believed that they posed a risk to the penitentiary . At Reclusorio Oriente , Medrano and thirty-two other inmates wrote a letter to the government complaining about alleged corruption and abuses in the prison under director Rubén Fernández Lima .
Conviction and release
On 6 October 2003 , a federal court in the State of Mexico convicted Medrano of illegal possession of firearms . He was sentenced to six years and three months in prison . Medrano also received a minimum-wage sentence of 87 days , meaning he was ordered to pay 3,677 ( US $ 2,530 in October 2003 ) in fines . According to the PGR , Medrano had a pending extradition request from the U.S. government for drug-trafficking and assault charges . On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years . Medrano was found guilty of organized-crime involvement , attempted homicide , and illegal possession of firearms . His drug-trafficking charges were pending resolution at the time of the sentence . In addition to imprisonment , Medrano received a minimum-wage sentence of 350 days .
He remained at Reclusorio Oriente until 14 January 2009 , when a federal judge approved his transfer to the Federal Social Readaptation Center No . 4 , ( also known as `` El Rincón '' ) , a maximum-security prison in Tepic , Nayarit . His transfer was coordinated by Mexico City officials and federal agents , who brought him from Reclusorio Oriente to Mexico City International Airport for a flight to Nayarit . Eleven other inmates from Reclusorio Oriente , Reclusorio Norte , and Reclusorio Sur were also transferred to Nayarit by law enforcement . The transfer of Medrano and other high-profile criminals to El Rincón caused an uproar by Nayarit officials because of the criminals ' high-profile statuses , which they believed worsen Nayarit 's reputation ; former Nayarit governor Ney González Sánchez complained about the transfers , which were approved by the federal government without his input .
During his imprisonment , Medrano 's defense prevented his extradition to the U.S . Between 2012 and 2014 , Medrano and nine other high-profile criminals were unexpectedly released from prison before serving their sentences ; only one was re-arrested and re-imprisoned . In some of the cases , judges ordered releases because of violations of due process , fallacious protected-witness testimony , and arrests made without warrants . The reviews were conducted as a result of Mexico 's New Criminal Justice System ( Nuevo Sistema de Justicia Penal , or NSJP ) . The reason for Medrano 's release was not specified .
See also
Mexican Drug War
Sources
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1969 births
Gulf Cartel members
People from Matamoros , Tamaulipas
Mexican drug traffickers
Living people
Mexican cannabis traffickers
Mexican police officers convicted of crimes
People involved in the 1999 Matamoros standoff
Driaan Bruwer ( born 6 January 1995 ) is a South African first-class cricketer . He was part of South Africa 's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup . He was included in the Free State cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup . He made his List A debut for Free State in the 2016–17 CSA Provincial One-Day Challenge on 9 October 2016 .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Cricketers from Pretoria
La Folie du docteur Tube is a 1915 short silent experimental film directed by Abel Gance , in which a scientist takes a white , cocaine-like powder which makes him hallucinate . Gance shows the man 's hallucinations by using a series of distorting lenses on the camera . A copy of the film is preserved at the Cinémathèque française and has been digitised .
Plot
A famous and whimsical Doctor Tube invents a powder that makes people deformed . He first tries the experiment on a dog , then on his assistant , a black child , and on himself . The result amuses them a lot . He then sprays some powder on two lovely young girls who visit him , who are devastated by the result , as well as their fiancés who receive the same treatment . The bodies are so deformed that they become unrecognizable . The four young people come to blows with the professor , who then tells them that all they need to do is get rid of the dust that covers their clothes to regain a normal shape . Everything goes back to normal and the adventure ends around a table and a bottle of champagne .
Production
Abel Gance , about The Madness of Doctor Tube : `` [ ... ] I got drunk too quickly and said : ' I 'm going to impress them all at the cinema because I have a very powerful idea . ' I had the idea of writing The Madness of Doctor Tube . It was a story with the decomposition of light rays , which makes things no longer seen at all from the angle from which we see them . I used distorting mirrors , I did everything that I technically imagined the audience would appreciate immensely because it had never been done , and when I showed this film to the director and the people who interested in me , they said to themselves : 'He 's crazy , we must n't entrust him with a penny anymore , he 's going to ruin us . ' ''
Cast
Séverin-Mars as Dr Tube
Albert Dieudonné as a young man
References
External links
1915 films
1915 short films
1910s French-language films
French silent short films
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Abel Gance
French avant-garde and experimental films
Mad scientist films
1910s avant-garde and experimental films
Silent horror films
Anastasia of Russia may refer to :
Anastasia of Kiev ( 1023–1074/1096 ) , daughter of Yaroslav the Wise ; wife of Andrew I of Hungary
Anastasia Monomachina ( died 1067 ) , daughter of Constantine IX Monomachos and first wife of Vsevolod I of Kiev as Princess of Pereyaslavl
Anastasia Yaropolkovna ( 1074–1159 ) , daughter of Yaropolk Izyaslavich , Prince of Turov and Volyn , and wife of Gleb Vseslavich as Princess of Minsk
Maria of Poland ( renamed Anastasia , 1164–1194 ) , daughter of Casimir II the Just , and wife of Vsevolod IV of Kiev
Anastasia Olegovna of Ryazan ( ? – ? ) , daughter of Oleg II of Ryazan and wife of Kaributas
Anastasia Levievna of Galicia ( died 1335 ) , daughter of Lev I of Galicia and wife of Siemowit of Masovia as Duchess of Kuyavia-Brieg
Anastasia Yurievna of Galicia ( died 1364/5 ) , daughter of Yuri I of Galicia and wife of Aleksandr Mikhailovich of Tver
Anastasia Alexandrovna of Belz ( ? – ? ) , daughter of Alexander of Belz and wife of Boleslaw I of Masovia as Duchess of Masovia
Anastasia Yaroslavna of Kiev ( ? – ? ) , daughter of Yaroslav II of Kiev
Augusta or Anastasia of Lithuania ( died 1345 ) , daughter of Gediminas and wife of Simeon of Moscow
Anastasia Dmitriyevna of Moscow ( ? – ? ) , daughter of Dmitry Donskoy and wife of Ivan of Kholm
Anna Dmitriyevna of Moscow ( monastic name Anastasia , born 1387 ) , daughter of Dmitry Donskoy and wife of Yury Patrikiyevich of Lithuania
Anastasia Yurievna of Smolensk ( died 1422 ) , daughter of Yury of Smolensk and wife of Yury of Zvenigorod
Anastasia Andreevna of Mozhaysk ( died 1451 ) , daughter of Andrey of Mozhaysk and first wife of Boris of Tver
Anastasia Alexandrovna of Suzdal ( died 1404 ? ) , daughter of Andrey of Mozhaysk and second wife of Boris of Tver
Anastasia Vasilievna of Moscow ( died 1470 ) , daughter of Vasily I of Moscow and wife of Alexander Olelka and ancestress of the Olelkovich
Anastasia Romanovna Zakharyina-Yurieva ( 1530–1560 ) , daughter of Roman Yurievich Zakharyin-Yuriev and first wife of Ivan IV of Russia
Anastasia Petrovna Golovina ( ? – ? ) , wife of Prince Alexander Gorbatyi-Shuisky
Anastasia Kazanskaya ( died 1540 ) , granddaughter of Ivan III of Moscow from his daughter Eudokia , and wife of Prince Feodor Mikhailovich Mstislavsky and Prince Vasili Vasilievich Shuisky
Tsarevna Anastasia Vasilievna of Russia ( born 1610 ) , daughter of Vasili IV of Russia
Grand Duchess Anastasia Mikhailovna of Russia ( 1860–1922 ) , daughter of Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich of Russia ; wife of Frederick Francis III , Grand Duke of Mecklenburg
Princess Anastasia of Montenegro , ( 1868–1935 ) , daughter of Nicholas I of Montenegro ; wife of Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia as Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia
Countess Anastasia Mikhailovna de Torby ( 1892–1977 ) , morganatic daughter of Grand Duke Michael Mikhailovich of Russia , wife of Harold Augustus Wernher
Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia ( 1901–1918 ) , daughter of Nicholas II of Russia
See also
Anastasia ( disambiguation )
Anastasia Romanova ( disambiguation )
Sykorabreen is a glacier in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen , Svalbard . It has a length of about seven kilometers , and extends northwards from Hedgehogfonna to Hambergbreen . The glacier is named after Russian scientist J. Sykora , who participated with the Swedish-Russian Arc-of-Meridian Expedition 1899–1900 .
References
Glaciers of Spitsbergen
Țicleni is a town in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania .
It is a community developed around the exploitation of extractive industries : oil and natural gas .
The relief is predominantly hilly , with deciduous forests ( some are century-old oaks ) and conifers , with views of great beauty . Fauna includes rabbits , deer , foxes , wild boar .
Of the county 's nine cities and towns , it is in sixth place .
It was raised to the status of town in 1968 . It is established by uniting three main parts , from north to south : Tunși , Țicleni , and Gura Lumezii , plus 3 former settlements of workers in the oil field , now upgraded .
The town has a stadium and owns a football team , FC Petrolul Țicleni . In the past here was a spa with warm water . The city has medical units , a gymnasium , four primary schools , five kindergartens , four churches , a municipal library , a High School of Industrial Oil , restaurants , general stores and a local television station .
Natives
Norbert Niță
Sites and Monuments
References
Towns in Romania
Populated places in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
In 1983 , the Sportswriters ' Association of Western Australia proposed a Western Australian Hall of Champions to honour past athletes from the state who had made a significant impact in their sport . The Government of Western Australia asked the then-recently created Western Australian Institute of Sport ( WAIS ) to develop the concept and the Hall of Champions was inaugurated by Keith Wilson , the Minister for Sport and Recreation , on 19 August 1985 .
Fourteen foundation inductees were made in 1985 and since then several new inductees are made each year at a dinner hosted by WAIS . The award is the highest honour that can be accorded a West Australian sportsperson .
The induction criteria are :
The person must have achieved the highest level of open competition in his/her sport ;
The person must be product of the Western Australian sporting system , or have established their reputation while living in and representing Western Australia ;
The person must have been retired from open competition for at least five years .
The selection committee currently comprises : Lawrence Apps , Ken Cassellas , Liz Chetkovich , Alan East , David Hatt , Glenn Mitchell and Pam O'Connell . Former members were Wally Foreman and George Grljusich .
The award is separate from the Western Australian Sports Star of the Year which is given to currently competing sportspeople .
Inductees
References
Hall
Australian sports trophies and awards
All-sports halls of fame
Halls of fame in Western Australia
Awards established in 1985
Australian hall of fame inductees
1985 establishments in Australia
Lists of sportspeople from Western Australia
ECRC may stand for :
Sport
Eastern Canadian Ringette Championships
Eastern Collegiate Racquetball Conference
East Coast Rugby Conference , a college rugby competition in the United States
East Coast Rowing Council , represents coastal rowing clubs off the east coast of Ireland
Other
Enron Creditors Recovery Corp. , liquidated Enron 's assets
Edinburgh Cancer Research Centre
Expeditionary Combat Readiness Center , a support organisation in the U.S. Navy
Eastern Counties Road Car Company , a bus company in Ipswich , England — merged into the Eastern Counties Omnibus Company
Aminabad ( , also Romanized as Āmīnābād ) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 210 , in 48 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
H. bidentata may refer to :
Heterocrita bidentata , a geometer moth
Hexisea bidentata , an orchid of the Americas
Hovanuncia bidentata , a harvestman first described in 1959
Winter Park was designed by award winning architect Graeme Gunn and developed by both Rob White and Merchant designers . It is located at 131-147 High Street , Doncaster , Victoria and is in 2.43 hectares in size . The design consists of twenty detached houses and was constructed in two stages between 1970 and 1974 . Gunn 's residential project is described as “ an outstanding example of careful design extended into a consideration of the importance of landscape and open space and , ultimately , the presence and feel of a place ” .
Design approach
Architect 's intent
Winter Park is a carefully planned development in which group of houses are sited to optimize available land in more efficient and environmentally sensitive method than that provided by the normal rectangular grid lot suburban subdivision . The project was built in two stages due to a capital cost and excess land was combined to provide communal open space . Houses are sited to relate with each other , to optimize privacy , solar orientation , views and physical conditions .
Winter Park compromises of four groups of five houses that are located around communal car and pedestrian access ways , and each dwelling has a private garden in addition to a large central communal recreation space . The central idea was the free sitting of houses , private garden and communal open space to achieve an integration of the built environment within the most efficient use of land .
Ellis Stones was the landscape architect for Winter Park , making it his last major project . The original design was recreated by over-planting species that were not considered in Stone 's intent .
Key influences
Half the site was retained as open space . The balance was oriented to parkland through loop roads with vacant blocks on the park side , so that the streetscape could flow without visual interruption into the park .
Historical significance
Winter Park was influential in encouraging the Victorian Government to introduce the Cluster Titles Act 1974 , to control future cluster housing subdivisions and eventually to consolidate all subdivision legislation in a single act . In 1975 the Winter Park development received a citation in the Royal Australian Institute of Architects ' Housing Awards . In addition Gremme Gunn was presented with a prestigious 2011 Gold Medal . Awarded by the Institute in acknowledgment of his “ trans-formative impact ' on housing , education and urbanism ” .
Winter Park is historically and socially important for its association with Merchant Builders Pty Ltd , one of the most influential building companies in Victoria in the post-war era . They encouraged the ideas of efficient energy and environment friendly architecture . Merchant builders designed project homes in Victoria . Some of the many innovative design principles and features they pursued included pergolas , exposed brickwork and timber beams , passive solar energy and the use of indigenous materials .
Awards
Winter Park won an RAIA ( Royal Australian Institute of Architects ) citation in 1975 .
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Melbourne
Architecture of Melbourne
Jacob Bobenmoyer ( born May 28 , 1997 ) is an American football long snapper for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at Northern Colorado .
High school and college career
Bobenmoyer attended Cheyenne East High School in Cheyenne , Wyoming , where he played tight end and linebacker . After suffering a foot injury in high school , Bobenmoyer practiced long snapping drills in place of workouts . At Northern Colorado , he played linebacker in addition to long snapper . He won the starting long snapper job at Northern Colorado as a freshman after he told his friend that he could snap better than the Bears starter and the friend told the coaches that `` Jacob Bobenmoyer could snap '' . He was named to Phil Steele 's FCS All-American team in 2018 as a long snapper .
Professional career
Denver Broncos
After going undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft , Bobenmoyer accepted a invitation to the Denver Broncos rookie minicamp . Competing with Casey Kreiter , he was unable to win the long snapping job and was released before the start of the 2019 season . Bobenmoyer re-signed with the Broncos on March 11 , 2020 .
References
External links
Denver Broncos bio
Northern Colorado Bears bio
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cheyenne , Wyoming
American football long snappers
Northern Colorado Bears football players
Denver Broncos players
Players of American football from Wyoming
Gennaro Astarita ( also spelled Astaritta ) ( c.1745–49 – 18 December 1805 ) was an Italian composer , mainly of operas . The place of his birth is unknown , although he was active in Naples for many years . He began his operatic career in 1765 , collaborating with Niccolò Piccinni in the writing of the opera L'orfana insidiata . He became the maestro di cappella in Naples in 1770 .
Astaritta is also considered to have played an important role in the development of opera in Russia . He first visited the country in 1781 and by 1784 he had become the director of Moscow 's Petrovsky Theatre ( the predecessor of the Bolshoi Theatre ) . In 1794 , Prince Nicolai Yusupov , who at the time was the director of the Imperial Theatres in St Petersburg , asked him to bring an Italian opera troupe to the city , which he did in 1796 . Astarita ran the troupe until 1799 . Amongst the singers he recruited was Teresa Saporiti , who had created the role of Donna Anna in Mozart 's Don Giovanni .
He wrote over 35 operas , most of them in the opera buffa genre . Although forgotten now , in their day they were well regarded and performed all over Italy , as well as in Germany , Austria , Spain , Portugal , and Russia . He also wrote ballet and sacred music .
He died at Rovereto .
Operas
Il corsaro algerino ( opera buffa , libretto by Giuseppe Palomba , 1765 , Naples )
L'astuta cameriera ( dramma giocoso , 1770 , Turin )
Gli amanti perseguitati ( opera semi-seria , 1770 , Turin )
Il re alla caccia ( 1770 , Torino )
La critica teatrale ( opera buffa , libretto by Ranieri de ' Calzabigi , 1771 , Turin )
La contessa di Bimbimpoli ( Il divertimento in campagna ) ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1772 , Venice ( reprised as Il divertimento in campagna in Dresden , 1783 )
L'avaro in campagna ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1772 , Turin )
La tomba di Merlino ( opera buffa , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1772 , Turin )
La contessina ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Marco Coltellini , after Carlo Goldoni , 1772 , Livorno )
L'isola disabitata and Le cinesi ( drammi per musica , libretto by Pietro Metastasio , 1773 , Florence )
Le finezze d'amore , o sia La farsa non si fa , ma si prova ( farsa , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1773 , Venice )
Li astrologi immaginari ( dramma giocoso , 1774 , Lugo )
Il marito che non ha moglie ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1774 , Venice )
Il principe ipocondriaco ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1774 , Venice )
La villanella incostante ( dramma giocoso , Cortona , 1774 )
Il mondo della luna ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Carlo Goldoni , 1775 , Venice )
Li sapienti ridicoli , ovvero Un pazzo ne fa cento ( dramma giocoso , libretto di Giovanni Bertati , 1775 , Prague )
L'avaro ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1776 , Ferrara )
Armida ( opera seria , libretto by Giovanni Ambrogio Migliavacca and Giacomo Durazzo , 1777 , Venice )
La dama immaginaria ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Pier Antonio Bagliacca , 1777 , Venice )
L'isola del Bengodi ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Carlo Goldoni , 1777 , Venice )
Il marito indolente ( dramma giocoso , 1778 , Bologna )
Le discordie teatrali ( dramma giocoso , 1779 , Florence )
Il francese bizzarro ( dramma giocoso , 1779 , Milan )
Nicoletto bellavita ( opera buffa , 1779 , Treviso )
La Didone abbandonata ( opera seria , libretto by Pietro Metastasio , 1780 , Bratislava )
Il diavolo a quattro ( farsa , 1785 , Naples )
I capricci in amore ( dramma giocoso , 1787 , St. Petersburg )
Il curioso accidente ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Bertati , 1789 , Venice )
Ipermestra ( opera seria , libretto by Pietro Metastasio , 1789 , Venice )
L'inganno del ritratto ( dramma giocoso , 1791 , Florence )
La nobiltà immaginaria ( intermezzo , 1791 , Florence )
Il medico parigino o sia L'ammalato per amore ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giuseppe Palomba , 1792 , Venice )
Le fallaci apparenze ( dramma giocoso , libretto by Giovanni Battista Lorenzi , 1793 , Venice )
Rinaldo d'Asti ( opera buffa , libretto by Giuseppe Carpani , 1796 , St. Petersburg )
Gl'intrighi per amore ( opera buffa , 1796 , St. Petersburg )
References
Sources
Randel , Don Michael ( ed . ) , The Harvard Biographical Dictionary of Music , Harvard University Press , 1996 p. 785 .
Warrack , John and West , Ewan ( eds . ) `` Astarita , Gennaro '' , The Concise Oxford Dictionary of Opera , Oxford University Press , 1996 . Accessed via subscription 27 May 2009 .
External links
See also
List of opera genres
1740s births
1805 deaths
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
18th-century Italian composers
Steregushchiy ( ) is the lead ship of the latest class of corvettes of the Russian Navy , the . The ship was built by the Severnaya Verf shipyard in St.Petersburg and was laid down in December 2001 , launched in May 2006 and joined the Russian Navy on 14 November 2007 .
In total , the Russian Navy have publicly announced that they expect to buy at least 20 of these ships , for all four major fleets .
References
Sources
Russian warfare on Steregushchiy
Steregushchiy-class corvettes
Naval ships of Russia
2006 ships
Ships built at Severnaya Verf
Eméric Kpegba ( born 29 May 1999 ) is a Togolese swimmer . He competed in the men 's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics , where he ranked 80th with a time of 27.67 seconds . He did not advance to the semifinals . In 2019 , he represented Togo at the 2019 African Games held in Rabat , Morocco .
References
1999 births
Living people
Togolese male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Togo
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
African Games competitors for Togo
Swimmers at the 2015 African Games
Swimmers at the 2019 African Games
21st-century Togolese people
TF Carrier was a train ferry introduced by the Edinburgh & Northern Railway , later incorporated into the North British Railway , to cross the River Tay as part of its route between Edinburgh and Aberdeen .
History
Scotland
Launched in 1858 , the Carrier was the third and smallest vessel in a fleet of six train ferries introduced by Thomas Bouch , the engineer of the ENR/NBR , to carry the company 's trains across the Forth and Tay estuaries . Bouch was not only responsible for their design but also that of the linkspans and associated equipment . The ferries carried goods wagons and , occasionally , empty passenger coaches . The passengers themselves crossed by conventional paddle steamers .
Built by Scott & Co of Greenock , Carrier was a 243GRT paddle steamer , 124ft long and 26ft 9ins wide between the paddles . She was powered by two oscillating cylinder steam engines , each developing 112HP . She had two tracks on her deck each capable of handling 7 wagons .
Initially allocated to the Tay crossing she was transferred to the Forth crossing along with her sister ship Robert Napier when Bouch 's ill-fated Tay Bridge opened in June 1878 . When that structure collapsed on 28 December 1879 , Robert Napier returned to the Tay to re-establish the link but Carrier remained at Granton .
Isle of Wight
By 1883 Carrier was surplus to requirements at Granton and was sold to the Isle of Wight Railway Co which wished to establish a ferry service between Langstone station on the LB & SCR 's Hayling Island Branch and Bembridge on the island . The service commenced in 1885 . The following year it was sold to the London , Brighton and South Coast Railway . However the Carrier was ill-suited to the exposed waters of the Solent and the service ceased in 1888 and the ship sold for scrap .
References
1858 ships
Ferry transport on the Isle of Wight
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Ships of the London , Brighton and South Coast Railway
Ships of the Isle of Wight Railway
Sheep Mountain ( ) is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming . Sheep Mountain forms a long ridge in the Gros Ventre Range and is easily seen from Jackson Hole . The town of Jackson is southwest of the peak . The southern end of Sheep Mountain is above the tree line and consists of rocky cliffs that are referred to as the `` Sleeping Indian '' due to their appearance as viewed from Jackson Hole . Sheep Mountain is in the Gros Ventre Wilderness of Bridger–Teton National Forest . At the northern end of Sheep Mountain is the location of the Gros Ventre landslide .
In 1996 , a U.S. Air Force C-130 cargo plane carrying an automobile and equipment outbound from Jackson Hole crashed into Sheep Mountain , killing a U.S. Secret Service agent and eight Air Force personnel . The cargo plane was transporting equipment to another destination after U.S. President Bill Clinton and his family had vacationed in Jackson Hole the previous week .
References
Mountains of Wyoming
Mountains of Teton County , Wyoming
Bridger–Teton National Forest
Socialist Union of Catalonia ( in Catalan : Unió Socialista de Catalunya ) was the socialist political party in Catalonia , Spain . USC was formed through a split in Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party in 1923 . The main leader of USC was Joan Comorera .
USC led the Unió General de Sindicats Obrers de Catalunya ( UGSOC ) .
During the Spanish Republic , the USC was allied with the main Catalan party , ERC ( Republican Left of Catalonia ) in every election . In 1936 USC merged with other forces to form the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia . At that time USC had around 5000 members .
References
Political parties in Catalonia
In professional wrestling , the Alberta Tag Team Championship was a tag team championship promoted by the Calgary , Alberta , Canada-based professional wrestling promotion Stampede Wrestling in the mid-1950s .
History
The Alberta Tag Team Championship was created in 1954 . The inaugural champions were Bob Mike and Seelie Samara , who defeated Jim Henry and Frank Marconi on 5 March 1954 in what was billed as the final bout of a tournament .
The Alberta Tag Team Championship was one of two tag team championships contested in Stampede Wrestling during the mid-1950s , with the other being the NWA Canadian Tag Team Championship ( which was also created in 1954 ) . On several occasions , the same tag team held the two championships concurrently .
The championship was defended exclusively within Calgary , with bouts taking place in the Victoria Pavilion . The championship was frequently defended in two-out-of-three falls matches .
There are two gaps in the recorded lineage of the Alberta Tag Team Championship : from 2 August 1954 to March 1955 , and again between 27 May 1955 and 5 April 1956 . It is unknown whether the championship continued to be defended and change hands over these periods without a record being maintained or rather whether it was quietly abandoned and subsequently resurrected .
The final champions were John Foti and John Paul Henning , who won the championship on 14 December 1956 , and were billed as champions until at least 30 May 1957 . The championship was abandoned that year . In February 1958 , the NWA International Tag Team Championship was introduced in its place .
Reigns
|-
|style= '' background : # aaaaaa ; '' colspan=9|
|-
|-
|style= '' background : # aaaaaa ; '' colspan=9|
|-
|-
|style= '' background : # aaaaaa ; '' colspan=9|
|-
| }
References
External links
The Alberta Tag Team Championship at Wrestling-Titles.com
Canadian professional wrestling championships
Professional wrestling in Alberta
Alberta
Tag team wrestling championships
JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : Diamond Records is a 3D action video game developed and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment for iOS and Android , and was released on February 20 , 2017 in Japan . It has since received several updates , including a major 2018 update that changed the subtitle to Diamond Records Reversal and added content from Golden Wind , the fifth part of the series .
The game is based on the JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure anime series , with the main portion of the game consisting of quests based on the series ' story . The player assembles and controls teams of JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure characters , and play through the quests with the goal of knocking out enemy characters . The game uses a free-to-play model , with new characters and items acquired through a gasha mechanic .
On September 9 , 2019 , Bandai Namco Entertainment announced that the game would be terminating its service on November 18 , 2019 .
Gameplay
Diamond Records is a single-player 3D action game based on the anime adaptation of the JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure manga series , encompassing the first five parts of the series ' story : Phantom Blood , Battle Tendency , Stardust Crusaders , Diamond Is Unbreakable , and Golden Wind , of which the first four parts were available at the time of the game 's release . The player sets up teams of characters from these parts , who have varying sets of moves they can perform ; some movesets are based on Hamon techniques , and some on Stand abilities . The characters – referred to as `` statues '' – are also played differently depending on what their type is . The player can strengthen their statues with various status effects , and teach them new moves , by equipping Mind items onto them . Statues and Minds are acquired through a gasha mechanic in exchange for the in-game currency , diamond coins , and are ranked on a five-star scale .
The main portion of the game consists of quests – stages based on episodes from the series ' story – with the goal of knocking out the enemy characters . In addition to the regular story quests , the game includes event quests that are only available for a certain amount of time ; by playing these , the player can get access to items and points , which can be exchanged for rewards . During events , statues and items relating to the event are possible to get as gasha drops . There is also a community feature , in which the player can join `` towns '' to chat with other players .
Development and release
Diamond Records is developed and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment . The game was announced in December 2016 through the Ultra Jump magazine , along with the opening of pre-registration ; as an incentive , players who created an account during pre-registration were given extra in-game items . The game was released in Japan on February 20 , 2017 for Android and iOS devices as a free-to-play game , with the option to purchase in-game items .
The game has since gotten new content through post-release updates , including the addition of new characters . In June 2017 , the new character type Solitary was added along with the introduction of the character Yoshikage Kira . On September 22 , 2018 , a major update was released , renaming the game JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : Diamond Records Reversal , and adding characters and other content from Golden Wind , the fifth part of JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure ; this was done to coincide with the October premiere of the Golden Wind anime adaptation .
Reception
By March 22 , 2017 , more than two million user accounts had been registered . 4Gamer.net liked the character and environment graphics , describing them as rich .
Notes
References
External links
2017 video games
Action video games
Android ( operating system ) games
Free-to-play video games
IOS games
Japan-exclusive video games
Diamond Records
Video games developed in Japan
Tracheal agenesis ( also known as tracheal atresia ) is a rare birth defect with a prevalence of less than 1 in 50,000 in which the trachea fails to develop , resulting in an impaired communication between the larynx and the alveoli of the lungs . Although the defect is normally fatal , occasional cases have been reported of long-term survival following surgical intervention .
The disease was first described in 1900 by Payne . To this date , it is estimated that about 200 cases have been reported and published worldwide . Several types of the disease have been described and the slight anatomical variations have resulted in the establishment of different classification systems . There are three main types of tracheal agenesis , designated Types I , II and III .
In 2013 , a South Korean child , Hannah Warren , born with tracheal agenesis , was successfully treated at Children 's Hospital of Illinois , after having been kept alive in an intensive care unit for the first two and a half years of her life . An artificially created trachea was implanted , that had been created by tissue engineering , by using a nanofiber mesh , coated with her own stem cells . Although the transplant was successful , she died three months later from other health issues .
The disease has been more frequently observed in males than in females , at a ratio of 2:1 .
Signs and symptoms
Observable signs and symptoms of the disease differ depending on whether the observation in done in utero or after parturition . Only the signs and symptoms of the embryo are described , due to the lack of research in maternal symptoms .
In utero
The classic in-utero symptoms of tracheal agenesis are an absence of the trachea leading to congenital high airway obstruction syndrome , lung distention , polyhydramnios , heart malformations , heart displacement and hydrops fetalis . Other congenital malformations such as genitourinary , gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal anomalies are common and occur in 80 % of the reported cases .
Tracheal agenesis may lead to a distention of the foetus ' lung due to a build-up of pulmonary fluid within them . In this case , ultrasound scans show bilaterally enlarged and homogeneously echogenic lungs as well as the inversion of both hemidiaphragms . Although lung distention has been described as a classic symptom , hypoplasia or complete aplasia of the lungs can also occur , in an estimated 26 % of cases . In some cases , normal lung development was also reported in neonates with tracheal agenesis .
The abnormal development of the foetus ' lungs leads to cardiovascular abnormalities . Distention of the lungs results in a compressed and displaced heart , hindering the normal growth and development of the organ . Depending on the severity of the compression of the heart , normal venous return to the organ would correspondingly be hindered , resulting in a condition known as hydrops fetalis ( also known as fetalis ascites ) , in which oedema form in the developing foetus . Hydrops fetalis can be observed in utero via ultrasound scan .
Polyhydramnios occurs in embryos presenting with a tracheoesophageal fistula as the liquid produced by the lungs supposedly pass to the stomach , in the amniotic fluid .
At birth
More than half of the recorded cases of tracheal agenesis have led to premature deliveries and in almost all reported cases , infants die shortly after birth due to lack of oxygenation . Neonates with tracheal agenesis present with symptoms characteristic to congenital high airway obstruction syndrome with no audible cry after birth , respiratory insufficiency , respiratory distress and cyanosis . No trachea is palpable below the cricoid cartilage .
Causes
The exact causes of tracheal agenesis remain unknown . Different embryological theories have arisen to explain the congenital development of the disease .
Embryological causes
The relative similarities between the different subtypes of the disease suggest that there is a common stage at which the development is hindered .
In normal embryogenesis , the trachea differentiates from the foregut during the fourth week of gestation . The respiratory diverticulum , a ventral projection formed from the foregut , appears . Eventually , the tracheoesophageal ridges will fuse to form a septum . The laryngotracheal tube will then fully separate from the foregut . Two primary bronchial buds form at the end of the tube , which then elongates to form the trachea . The buds then branch to form the bronchi , lungs and alveolar tissue . The development of the respiratory tract is closely associated to that of the oesophagus . Both organs regulate each other 's growth via molecular interactions .
In tracheal agenesis , a delay in the development of the primary bronchial buds causes a transient arrest in the growth of the laryngotracheal tube , hindering the normal development of the trachea . The failure of the lung buds to develop from the primitive foregut leads to tracheoesophageal malformations . The development of the buds occurs after the elongation of the oesophagus , causing a dissociation in the growth of the two organs . Due to this dissociation , the buds directly develop to form the lungs , without forming the trachea , resulting in tracheal agenesis . Different degrees of this malformation result in different types of tracheal agenesis .
Genetic determinants
No clear genetic pattern or karyotype has been established to support the development of tracheal agenesis . The genes that have been postulated to influence the development of the disease are all associated to the congenital development of the lungs , trachea and oesophagus . These are BMP-4 , BMPR1A and BMPR1B , Gli2 and Gli3 , sonic hedgehog and NK2 homeobox 1 . It is highly likely that tracheal agenesis results from the mutation of several of these genes .
BMP-4 is an important signalling molecule in the early development of the embryo . BMP-4 null mutations in the foregut endoderm and in its surrounding mesoderm results in atresia of the trachea and underdeveloped lungs . The Bmp family restricts the site of formation of lung buds as well as to induce cell proliferation via the suppression of Sox2 .
Gli2 and Gli3 null mutations were also found to result in delayed lung , tracheal and oesophageal development . The two signalling molecules are implicated in the mediation of Sonic hedgehog signalling , which regulates the proliferation and differentiation of the oesophagus , trachea and lungs .
In mice , NK2 homeobox 1 null mutation results in a significantly shorter trachea , connected to the oesophagus via a tracheoesophageal fistula . In embryos with a homozygous mutated NK2 homeobox 1 locus , the tracheoesophageal ridges fail to fuse and form a septum .
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of the disease is dependent on observable signs and symptoms and on the stage of gestation . There are two ways to diagnose tracheal agenesis : early in utero , or later at birth . Recognisable clinical patterns are associated with tracheal agenesis .
Most commonly , the in-utero diagnosis of the disease requires using radiography and ultrasound scans .
At birth , the diagnosis is suspected clinically through the observations of characteristic signs and symptoms of the disease . Tracheal agenesis should be suspected when tracheal intubation is impossible . The confirmation of the diagnosis relies on results of endoscopic laryngoscopies and oesophagoscopies at birth . X-ray studies are necessary to determine the class and the severity of the disease . CT scans remain an option to provide more information if required .
Classification
Tracheal agenesis is classified according to anatomical subtypes . Different classifications exist but the universally accepted one , by Floyd and colleagues in 1962 , distinguishes three anatomical subtypes : type I , II and III .
Type I
Type I is described as tracheal atresia , rather than tracheal agenesis . The trachea is absent proximally but there remains a short normal segment of the distal trachea . A tracheoesophageal fistula links the distal segment of the proto trachea to the oesophagus . It is estimated that 13 % of cases of the disease are of type I .
Type II
Type II tracheal agenesis is the most common form of the disease , estimated to appear in 60 % of cases . Type II is characterised by a complete absence of the trachea . The bronchi are normal and fuse at the carina . In most cases , the oesophagus and the carina are joined by a fistula .
Type III
In type III tracheal agenesis , the trachea is completely absent and the bronchi develop individually , originating from the oesophagus directly and without joining at the carina . No tracheoesophageal fistula is present in this case as the trachea is completely absent . It is estimated that 27 % of all cases are type III .
Other classifications
In 1979 , Faro described seven types of tracheal agenesis ( A-G ) . This classification system differs from Floyd 's early propositions as it encompasses a more detailed description of the disease , including the surrounding organs such as the larynx and the lungs . The importance of this more detailed classification system is that the presence of surrounding organs , such as the larynx , might alter the observed symptoms of the traditionally defined tracheal agenesis . For example , neonates with a larynx might emit a faint cry at birth , while those with complete agenesis of the trachea and of the larynx will not . Acknowledging these different anatomical subtypes allows for a more comprehensive diagnosis and better management of the disease .
Faro type A describes a total pulmonary agenesis , in which none of the respiratory organs are present . Type B is comparable to Floyd 's type III and describes complete agenesis of the trachea , with no joining of the bronchi . Faro type C describes total agenesis of the trachea with normal bronchi fusing at the carina . A tracheoesophageal fistula is present and links the carina to the oesophagus . In Faro type D , the larynx is joined to the distal trachea and a tracheoesophageal fistula links the carina to the oesophagus . Faro type E is comparable to Floyd 's type I , as the distal trachea is present and joined to the oesophagus via a fistula . Faro type F describes the proximal absence of the trachea but the normal presence of the distal trachea . In this case , the trachea is not attached to the oesophagus . In Faro type G , a segment of the trachea is absent , defining it as partial tracheal agenesis .
Management
In patients with tracheal agenesis , surgical correction is required to allow for a relatively temporary survival of the neonate . Tracheal intubation is proven to be impossible in almost all cases . In most cases , if surgery is unsuccessful , severe asphyxia results in the death of the neonate , on average two days after birth . The longest survival ever reported was six years .
See also
Children 's Hospital of Illinois Transplant surgery on Hannah Warren
References
External links
Congenital disorders of respiratory system
Josiane Corneloup ( born 30 September 1959 ) is a French pharmacist and politician of the Republicans ( LR ) who been representing Saône-et-Loire 's 2nd constituency in the National Assembly since the 2017 election .
Political career
Corneloup was elected to the French Parliament in the 2017 legislative election .
In parliament , Corneloup serves on the Committee on Social Affairs . In this capacity , she is the parliament 's rapporteur on the government 's decision to declare a state of emergency amid the COVID-19 pandemic in France in 2020 .
In addition to her committee assignments , Corneloup is part of the French-Senegalese Parliamentary Friendship Group .
According to Le Monde , Corneloup was one of the wealthiest members of parliament at the time of her election .
Political positions
In July 2019 , Corneloup voted against the French ratification of the European Union 's Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) with Canada .
Ahead of the 2022 presidential elections , Corneloup publicly declared her support for Michel Barnier as the Republicans ' candidate .
References
External links
Official Website
Biography at the National Assembly
Living people
1959 births
People from Le Creusot
People from Saône-et-Loire
Women members of the National Assembly ( France )
21st-century French politicians
21st-century French women politicians
French pharmacists
Politicians from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
The Republicans ( France ) politicians
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
The 1978 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game , played on Monday , January 2 , and was the 64th Rose Bowl Game . The Washington Huskies , champions of the Pacific-8 Conference , defeated the favored Michigan Wolverines , champions of the Big Ten Conference , Washington quarterback Warren Moon was named the Rose Bowl Player of the Game .
The Huskies led at the half and extended it to early in the third quarter , then held off a Wolverine comeback with two interceptions deep in their own territory in the last two minutes to win by seven . It was the second of three consecutive losses in the Rose Bowl for Michigan , a two-touchdown favorite entering this game .
The face value of game tickets was $ 17.50 each .
Teams
Michigan Wolverines
Led by junior quarterback Rick Leach , Michigan began the season ranked second , and were first after four of the first six weeks . However , a stunning loss on October 22 at Minnesota dropped them to sixth . A win over fourth-ranked rival Ohio State gave the Wolverines the Big Ten title and they came into the Rose Bowl ranked fourth .
Washington Huskies
In their third season under head coach Don James and quarterback Warren Moon , Washington stumbled out of the gate , losing three of their first four games , all out of conference . They then won six of seven , losing at UCLA on October 29 ( later vacated by the Bruins , due to ineligible players ) . The Huskies won the Pac-8 title and earned the Rose Bowl berth when UCLA lost its final game on a last second field goal to USC , Washington entered the game ranked thirteenth in the AP poll , and tied for fourteenth in the UPI coaches poll .
Scoring
First quarter
Washington – Warren Moon 2-yard run ( Steve Robbins kick ) ; UW 7–0
Second quarter
Washington – Robbins 30-yard field goal ; UW 10–0
Washington – Moon 1-yard run ( Robbins kick ) ; UW 17–0
Third quarter
Washington – Spider Gaines 28-yard pass from Moon ( Robbins kick ) ; UW 24–0
Michigan – Curt Stephenson 76-yard pass from Rick Leach ( Gregg Willner kick ) ; UW 24–7
Washington – Robbins 18-yard field goal ; UW 27–7
Fourth quarter
Michigan – Russell Davis 2-yard run ( Willner kick ) ; UW 27–14
Michigan – Stan Edwards 32-yard pass from Leach ( kick failed ) ; UW 27–20
Statistics
{ | class=wikitable style= '' text-align : center ''
! Statistics ! ! Washington ! ! Michigan
|-
| align=left|First downs || 17 || 22
|-
| align=left|Rushes–yards|| 48–164 || 48–149
|-
| align=left|Passing yards || 234 || 239
|-
| align=left|Passes || 13–24–2 || 14–27–2
|-
| align=left|Total yards || 398 || 388
|-
| align=left|Punts–average || 5–39 || 4–43
|-
| align=left|Fumbles–lost ||0–0|| 2–1
|-
| align=left|Turnovers by|| 2|| 3
|-
| align=left|Penalties–yards ||6–47|| 3–11
| }
Aftermath
With Notre Dame beating top-ranked and undefeated Texas in the Cotton Bowl , Michigan had hopes that a dominant win over Washington would boost the Wolverines to the national title . The Huskies ' dramatic upset ended those hopes , and Notre Dame was voted first in the polls among five one-loss teams ; Alabama , Arkansas , Texas , and Penn State were the others . Michigan dropped to ninth in the final AP poll and Washington climbed to tenth ; both were a spot higher in the UPI coaches poll .
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library , University of Michigan Athletics History
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl Game
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
Washington Huskies football bowl games
Rose Bowl
January 1978 sports events in the United States
Yui Kamiji defeated the two-time defending champion Jiske Griffioen in the final , 6–7 ( 2–7 ) , 6–3 , 6–3 to win the women 's singles wheelchair tennis title at the 2017 Australian Open .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
General
Drawsheets on ausopen.com
Specific
Wheelchair Women 's Singles
2017 Women 's Singles
Secreto a voces ( Open Secret ) was a Chilean TV talk show focusing on show business and broadcast on the Mega TV network . It was hosted by Mario Velasco and Karla Constant with the assistance of a group of panelists who pose questions to invited celebrity guests and contribute analysis . The 90-minute show was last broadcast weekdays at noon .
History
Around the beginning of 2011 , discussion began about a new prime-time show to be called Placer culpable ( Guilty Pleasure ) and which would be hosted by Julio César Rodríguez . As time went on plans crystallized , the show was named Secreto a Voces and Giancarlo Petaccia was named as host along with a four-member panel who would pose questions to invited guests . The first broadcast was on February 3 , 2011 with invited guests Raquel Calderón and Eduardo Cruz-Johnson . Petaccia remained as host until the end of 2012 and was replaced by Karla Constant and Mario Velasco .
In 2012 and 2013 , the show went through a number of changes in broadcast time and in the makeup of the panel , ending up in the 7:30 prime time slot where it faced tough ratings competition against Alfombra Roja ( Red Carpet ) on Canal 13 and the blockbuster Somos los Carmona ( We Are the Carmonas ) on TVN . In September 2013 , amidst rumors that the show would be canceled , it was rescheduled to the noon time slot , where it would face off against The Simpsons on Canal 13 , as well as the top-rated entertainment talk show SQV on Chilevisión which traditionally had occupied that slot .
A shakeup in July 2014 shifted the program format away from mostly opinion to include more investigation and reporting . As part of that , changes in staff were made including adding Karla Constant as host instead of Pamela Diaz and changing some panel members . In the months following , ratings for 2014 rose half a point , and a full point since 2013 .
The last show was broadcast on October 13 , 2014 .
Cast and crew
Hosts
Current
Mario Velasco ( 2012- )
Karla Constant ( 2014- )
Former
Giancarlo Petaccia ( 2011–12 )
Pamela Díaz ( 2012-2014 )
Panel members
Final
Margarita Hantke
Manuel González ( 2014- )
Patricia Maldonado ( 2011-2012 , 2014-présent )
Pablo Zúñiga ( 2012- )
Paula Escobar
Former
Pamela Díaz
Javiera Suárez
Andrés Baile
Catalina Palacios
Yamna Lobos
Esteban Morais
Patricia Maldonado
Andrés Mendoza
María Luisa Cordero
Katherine Bodis
Rocío Marengo
Rubén Selman
Vasco Moulian
Vanessa Miller
Eduardo Bonvallet
Alejandra Valle
Journalists and reporters
Final
Yiro Gatica
Carolina Gatica
Valeria Uberuaga
Maria Ignacia Rocha
Daniela Aliste
Gerald Paredes
Former
Karina Pichara
Carolina Rojas
Francisco Kaminski ( 2012 )
Production
Director : Mauro Caro
Executive Producer : Gonzalo Cordero
Producer : Rodolfo Saavedra
News editor : Clara Tapia
See also
Television in Chile
Mega ( Chilean television channel )
References
External links
Official site ( archived )
2010s Chilean television series
Chilean television talk shows
2011 Chilean television series debuts
2014 Chilean television series endings
Mega ( Chilean TV channel ) original programming
Richard George Goodchild ( born 18 July 1918 in Exeter , died 18 February 1968 in London ) was a British provincial Roman archaeologist . He was one of the pioneers of archaeology in Libya .
Education and career
Goodchild 's interest in archaeology was raised as a schoolboy at Cranleigh School , an independent boarding school in Surrey . From 1936 , he attended the University of Oxford to study history . There he got to know the University of Oxford Archaeological Society who undertook excavations in the area around Oxford . During one of these excavations , Goodchild learned , among others , the archaeologist Olwen Brogan ( 1900–1989 ) and the later pioneer of aerial archaeology , John Bradford ( 1918-1975 ) . While still a student , Goodchild and Bradford excavated the Gallo-Roman temple of Frilford in Oxfordshire .
In 1939 Goodchild along with A.W.G . Lowther excavated the Romano-Celtic Temple on Farley Heath in Surrey
The Second World War broke out immediately after he graduated from Oxford . Goodchild received an officer scholarship to join the Royal Artillery . He served as a captain in the Middle East and Italy . As far as possible , he took every opportunity to visit the ancient places of the countries in which he served .
From 1946 to 1948 Goodchild worked for the British military administration as head of the antique collection in the Italian province of Tripolitania . There he met Olwen Brogan again and began his longstanding collaboration with the archaeologist John Bryan Ward-Perkins ( 1912-1981 ) , who had been the director of the British School in Rome since 1945 . In 1947 Goodchild was elected as a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London . From 1948 to 1953 he worked as a librarian at the British School in Rome . During this activity , he was always on vacation in Tripolitania to help preserve the ancient cultural heritage on a tight budget . He also carried out surveying work on the ancient sites and conducted excavations in the hinterland . In addition , he led several expeditions to southern Tripolitania . In order to create a map of Roman Libya , he expanded his research area to Cyrenaica and Syrtica . The resulting two sheets for the research project Tabula Imperii Romani were published by the Society of Antiquaries of London after their completion .
In 1953 he was appointed head of the antique service for the province of Cyrenaica by the royal Libyan government . He held this position until 1966 . In 1967 he was appointed professor of archaeology for the Roman provinces at the University of London .
Publications
Libyan Studies . Select Papers of the Late RG Goodchild . Elek , London 1976 ,
Cyrene and Apollonia ( = ruined cities of North Africa . Volume 4 ) . Raggi , Zurich 1971 .
Fortificazioni e palazzi bizantini in Tripolitania e Cirenaica . In : Corso di Cultura sull'Arte Ravennate e Bizantina . Volume 13 , 1966 , pp . 225–250 .
Tabula Imperii Romani : Map of the Roman Empire based on the International 1 : 1,000,000 Map of the World , Sheet HI 33 . Lepcis Magna . Society of Antiquaries of London , Oxford 1954 .
Tabula Imperii Romani . Map of the Roman Empire based on the International 1 : 1,000,000 Map of the World , sheet HI34 : Cyrene . Society of Antiquaries of London , Oxford 1954 .
with John Bryan Ward Perkins : The Christian Antiquities of Tripolitania . In : Archaeologia or Miscellaneous Tracts Relating to Antiquity . Volume 95 , 1953 , pp . 1–84 .
with John Bryan Ward Perkins : The Roman and Byzantine Defenses of Lepcis Magna . In : Papers of the British School at Rome . Volume 21 , 1953 , pp . 42–73 .
The Roman Roads and Milestones of Tripolitania . Discoveries and Researches in 1947 . Department of Antiquities , British Military Administration , Tripolitania 1948 .
References
Society of Antiquaries of London
Academics of the University of London
British archaeologists
1918 births
1968 deaths
20th-century archaeologists
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery officers
British expatriates in Libya
Robert Frederick Day ( 11 September 1922 – 17 March 2017 ) was an English film director . He directed more than 40 films between 1956 and 1991 .
Biography
Day was born in Sheen , England . He worked his way up from clapper boy to camera operator then cinematographer while in his native country , and began directing in the mid-1950s . His first film as director , the black comedy The Green Man ( 1956 ) for the writer-producer team of Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat , gained good reviews . Using this as a starting point , Day went on to become one of the industry 's busiest directors including directing several Tarzan films .
He relocated to Hollywood in the 1960s and directed many TV episodes and made-for-TV movies . He occasionally had small parts in his own productions , including The Haunted Strangler ( 1958 ) , Two-Way Stretch ( 1960 ) , and the TV mini-series Peter and Paul ( 1981 ) .
In the 1970s and 1980s , Day would direct episodes of numerous American television shows , including Barnaby Jones , The F.B.I. , Dallas , Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color , and Matlock .
Personal life
Day was married to Eileen Day and then , following their divorce , to actress Dorothy Provine until her death in 2010 . He was the brother of cinematographer Ernest Day .
Day died at the age of 94 on Bainbridge Island near Seattle on 17 March 2017 .
Selected filmography
The Green Man ( 1956 )
The Haunted Strangler ( 1958 )
Corridors of Blood ( 1958 )
First Man into Space ( 1959 )
Life in Emergency Ward 10 ( 1959 )
Two-Way Stretch ( 1960 )
Tarzan the Magnificent ( 1960 )
The Rebel ( 1961 )
Operation Snatch ( 1962 )
Tarzan 's Three Challenges ( 1963 )
She ( 1965 )
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold ( 1966 )
Tarzan and the Great River ( 1967 )
The Reluctant Heroes ( TV film , 1971 )
The Initiation of Sarah ( 1978 )
Peter and Paul ( 1981 )
The Lady from Yesterday ( 1985 )
Celebration Family ( 1987 )
The Quick and the Dead ( 1987 )
References
Further reading
External links
1922 births
2017 deaths
English film directors
The Engin Blindé de Reconnaissance et de Combat Jaguar ( English : Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar ) or EBRC Jaguar is a French armoured reconnaissance vehicle that will replace the French Army 's AMX 10 RC and ERC 90 Sagaie reconnaissance and fire support vehicles as well as the VAB Mephisto .
History
According to the French Army 's 2020 Defense White Paper it plans to retire its AMX 10 RC and ERC 90 Sagaie vehicles beginning in 2020 , and replace them with up to 250 examples of a new armored reconnaissance vehicle . A consortium of Nexter , Thales , and Renault Trucks Defense was formed to develop and produce the new vehicle . The same consortium also builds the VBMR Griffon multi-role armored vehicle for the French Army , which shares 70 % of its components with the EBRC Jaguar .
On 6 December 2014 , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian announced that deliveries will commence in 2020 and a first tranche of 20 Jaguars and 319 Griffons was ordered in April 2017 . A second tranche for 271 Griffons and 42 Jaguars was ordered on 24 September 2020 . In total the French Army plans to buy 1,872 Griffons and 300 Jaguars .
Belgium
On 22 June 2017 , the Belgian cabinet approved a plan to purchase 60 Jaguars and 417 Griffons for a cost of €1.1 billion . These vehicles will replace the Belgian Army 's Piranha IIIC armored personnel carriers , Pandur I reconnaissance vehicles and Dingo 2 infantry mobility vehicles . The deal includes spare parts and secure communications equipment and deliveries are planned to commence in 2025 .
Design
The consortium building the `` Griffon '' and `` Jaguar '' is contractually obliged to keep the price per Jaguar under €1 million , therefore the vehicles are based on a 6×6 commercial all-terrain truck chassis and use standard commercial truck engines . The engines have been adapted to use a wider range of fuel . The Jaguar has an overpressure system to maintain constant overpressure in the armored troop compartment to protect it against chemical , biological and radiological threats . For service in hot climates the Jaguar is equipped with air conditioning .
The vehicle is built with STANAG 4569 Level 4 armor protection , giving it defense against 14.5×114mm armor-piercing rounds , 155mm artillery shell splinters , and mine blasts . Electronic defenses include the Thales Group Barage active jamming device to counter IEDs , two sets of Antares missile warning alert systems , a TDA Armements active blocking system , and a roof-mounted Metravib Pilar V gunfire locator .
The Jaguar 's primary weapon , mounted in a two-man turret , is the CTA International CT40 cannon firing 40mm case telescoped ammunition with a rate of fire of 200 rounds per minute and a maximum effective range of 1,500 meters . Two Akeron MP anti-tank guided missiles are fitted to the turret launcher with two reloads stored inside . It also carries a 7.62mm remote controlled machine gun mounted on top of the turret and eight smoke grenades . The Jaguar can lift its cannon 45° up , allowing it to fire on aerial targets .
Operators
- The French Army plans to buy 300 Jaguars , 1,872 Griffons and 978 Servals by 2030 under the Scorpion program as well as an additional 1060 Serval VLTP P segment haut vehicles by 2033 .
- The Belgian Army will buy 60 Jaguars and 417 Griffons
In popular culture
The EBRC Jaguar is featured in the 2021 first-person shooter Battlefield 2042 , where it is referred to as the EBAA Wildcat . In-game it is utilized by both the American and Russian factions .
References
External links
Metravib Defence
Wheeled reconnaissance vehicles
Fire support vehicles
Nexter Systems
Six-wheeled vehicles
Military vehicles introduced in the 2020s
Transition metal alkyl complexes are coordination complexes that contain a bond between a transition metal and an alkyl ligand . Such complexes are not only pervasive but are of practical and theoretical interest .
Scope
Most metal alkyl complexes contain other , non-alkyl ligands . Great interest , mainly theoretical , has focused on the homoleptic complexes . Indeed , the first reported example of a complex containing a metal-sp3 carbon bond was the homoleptic complex diethylzinc . Other examples include hexamethyltungsten , tetramethyltitanium , and tetranorbornylcobalt .
Mixed ligand , or heteroleptic , complexes containing alkyls are numerous . In nature , vitamin B12 and its many derivatives contain reactive Co-alkyl bonds .
Preparation
Metal alkyl complexes are prepared generally by two pathways , use of alkyl nuncleophiles and use of alkyl electrophiles . Nucleophilic sources of alkyl ligands include Grignard reagents and organolithium compounds . Since many strong nucleophiles are also potent reductants , mildly nucleophilic alkylating agents are sometimes employed to avoid redox reactions . Organozinc compounds and organoaluminium compounds are such milder reagents .
Electrophilic alkylation commonly starts with low valence metal complexes . Typical electrophilic reagents are alkyl halides . Illustrative is the preparation of the methyl derivative of cyclopentadienyliron dicarbonyl anion :
CpFe ( CO ) 2Na + CH3I → CpFe ( CO ) 2CH3 + NaI
Many metal alkyls are prepared by oxidative addition :
An example is the reaction of a Vaska 's complex with methyl iodide .
Agostic interactions and beta-hydride elimination
Some metal alkyls feature agostic interactions between a C-H bond on the alkyl group and the metal . Such interactions are especially common for complexes of early transition metals in their highest oxidation states .
One determinant of the kinetic stability of metal-alkyl complexes is the presence of hydrogen at the position beta to the metal . If such hydrogens are present and if the metal center is coordinatively unsaturated , then the complex can undergo beta-hydride elimination to form a metal-alkene complex :
These conversions are assumed to proceed via the intermediacy of agostic interactions .
Catalysis
Many homogeneous catalysts operate via the intermediacy of metal alkyls . These reactions include hydrogenation , hydroformylation , alkene isomerization , and olefin polymerization . It is assumed that the corresponding heterogeneous reactions also involve metal-alkyl bonds .
References
Coordination chemistry
Organometallic chemistry
Ananda Max Salomon ( January 15 , 1891 – 5 July 1944 ) was an American film director and studio manager at Teddington Studios .
Salomon was born in Heidelberg , Baden-Württemberg , Germany , and moved to San Francisco when he was one year old . His father , Max Salomon , was born in Illinois and his mother , Wilhelmina `` Minna '' Welte Salomon , was German . He was a cousin of Jack L. Warner 's first wife Irma Solomons ( 1916–1935 ) , and became Warner 's first employee , and eventually head of Warner 's British operation .
He was killed in a V-1 flying bomb attack at Warner Bros. Studios in Teddington , Staines , while recording the sound of the V-1s .
Salomon was cremated and his ashes returned to San Francisco . He was survived by his wife , Joan Denise Salomon .
Films
The Side Show Jack Born and Elmer Lawrence sound short Vitaphone 1928
References
External links
1891 births
1944 deaths
American film directors
American Jews
German emigrants to the United States
American civilians killed in World War II
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
Kilnoe ( ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland . It is a rural area , part of the Roman Catholic parish of Bodyke .
Location
Kilnoe parish lies in the barony of Tulla Upper , southwest of Scarriff .
It is and covers .
The land in the east and center of the parish is mountainous , moorish , and boggy .
The west is more suitable for farming .
It contains Loughs Annilloon , St. Bridget , Derrymore , and Kilgory .
In 1837 there were the ruins of the castle of Coolreath near the southern shore of Lough O'Grady and a ruined castle at Ballynahince .
Neither of these castles are mentioned in the list of castles of 1580 , perhaps because they had not been built at that time .
As of 1841 the population was 3,482 in 574 houses .
Townlands
The parish contains the townlands of Annaghneal , Ballydonaghan , Ballynahinch , Caherhurley , Clogher , Clonmoner , Coolready , Coolreagh , Coolreagh Beg , Coolreagh More , Drummond , Inchalughoge , Kilgory , Kilnoe and Lisbarreen .
Church history
The name `` Kilnoe '' is not appropriate for a church . Since there is a holy well dedicated to Saint Mochuille , the church was probably also dedicated to that saint .
There is little left of the old church , but there is a large churchyard beside the ruin ,
The southern part of Tuamgraney parish was combined with the medieval parish of Kilnoe early in the 18th century to form the Catholic parish of Bodyke .
The present Roman Catholic parish of Bodyke encompasses Bodyke , Kilnoe and Tuamgraney , and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe .
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
An electoral redistribution was undertaken in 2008 in British Columbia in a process that began in late 2005 and was completed with the passage of the Electoral Districts Act , 2008 on April 10 , 2008 . The redistribution modified most electoral boundaries in the province and increased the number of MLAs from 79 to 85 . The electoral boundaries created by the redistribution were first used in the 2009 provincial election .
The provincial government mandated the BC Electoral Boundaries Commission to recommend new maps ( for both BC-STV and the traditional `` single-member plurality '' SMP systems ) prior to the second electoral reform referendum . The commission 's preliminary report , delivered in August 2007 , was received with concern by both the New Democratic Party opposition and the governing Liberal party . In addition to concerns about boundaries and size of individual ridings , the commission was criticized for shifting seats to the Lower Mainland ( which was growing in population ) and away from larger but less-populated areas ( BC has traditionally given some electoral weight to vast but relatively underpopulated regions without large urban centres , particularly in the north ) .
The commission held subsequent hearings and , in February 2008 , submitted 50 amendments to its preliminary report . Province-wide , the amendments would result in a net increase of four electoral districts , for a total of 83 single member plurality electoral districts . The number of proposed BC-STV electoral districts remained at 20 . Because of the concern of both parties about the loss of seats in the North and Cariboo , the Commission also reported on the 85-seat map it would have designed if the legislature had passed an amendment requiring this . The legislature then approved the alternative boundaries for 85 ridings .
The 2008 provincial election in neighbouring Alberta served as a reminder to BC of the `` unfinished business '' looming ahead . Ed Stelmach 's Conservative party won a sizable majority government ( 73 out of 83 seats ) on the strength of a bare majority of votes cast . In response , the Vancouver Sun described BC 's indecision over boundaries as `` a significant hitch ( that ) has developed in the electoral boundary reform process that was to have illustrated how an STV system would carve up the province ... Unless members of the legislature are able to forge a compromise that will rescue the politically unpalatable recommendations of the Electoral Boundaries Commission , voters will face another vote on whether to change the system while still uncertain as to how it will look in their home communities . ''
Changes
No change ( 6 )
Comox Valley
Delta North
Delta South
New Westminster
North Island
Saanich North and the Islands
Adjusted ( 44 )
Burnaby North
Burnaby-Edmonds
Cariboo North
Columbia River-Revelstoke
Coquitlam-Maillardville
Fort Langley-Aldergrove
Kamloops-North Thompson
Kelowna-Lake Country
Kelowna-Mission
Langley
Maple Ridge-Mission
Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows
Nanaimo
Nelson-Creston
North Coast
North Vancouver-Lonsdale
North Vancouver-Seymour
Oak Bay-Gordon Head
Peace River North
Peace River South
Powell River-Sunshine Coast
Richmond Centre
Richmond East
Richmond-Steveston
Saanich South
Shuswap
Skeena
Surrey-Cloverdale
Surrey-Green Timbers
Surrey-Newton
Surrey-Tynehead
Surrey-Whalley
Surrey-White Rock
Vancouver-Fairview
Vancouver-Fraserview
Vancouver-Hastings
Vancouver-Kensington
Vancouver-Kingsway
Vancouver-Langara
Vancouver-Mount Pleasant
Vancouver-Point Grey
Vancouver-Quilchena
Victoria-Beacon Hill
West Vancouver-Capilano
Minor adjustment with name change ( 3 )
Kootenay East ( was `` East Kootenay '' )
Vernon-Monashee ( was `` Okanagan-Vernon '' )
West Vancouver-Sea to Sky ( was `` West Vancouver-Garibaldi '' )
Replaced ( 26 )
( primary successor riding is shown )
Abbotsford-Clayburn → Abbotsford-Mission
Abbotsford-Mount Lehman → Abbotsford West
Alberni-Qualicum → Alberni-Pacific Rim
Bulkley Valley-Stikine → Stikine
Burnaby-Willingdon → Burnaby-Deer Lake
Burquitlam → Burnaby-Lougheed
Cariboo South → Cariboo-Chilcotin
Chilliwack-Kent → Chilliwack-Hope
Chilliwack-Sumas → Chilliwack
Cowichan-Ladysmith → Cowichan Valley
Esquimalt-Metchosin → Esquimalt-Royal Roads
Kamloops → Kamloops-South Thompson
Malahat-Juan de Fuca → Juan de Fuca
Nanaimo-Parksville → Parksville-Qualicum
Okanagan-Westside → Westside-Kelowna
Penticton-Okanagan Valley → Penticton
Port Coquitlam-Burke Mountain → Port Coquitlam
Port Moody-Westwood → Port Moody-Coquitlam
Prince George North → Prince George-Mackenzie
Prince George-Mount Robson → Prince George-Valemount
Prince George-Omineca → Nechako Lakes
Surrey-Panorama Ridge → Surrey-Panorama
Vancouver-Burrard → Vancouver-West End
Victoria-Hillside → Victoria-Swan Lake
West Kootenay-Boundary → Kootenay West
Yale-Lillooet → Fraser-Nicola
New ridings ( 6 )
Abbotsford South
Boundary-Similkameen
Coquitlam-Burke Mountain
Nanaimo-North Cowichan
Surrey-Fleetwood
Vancouver-False Creek
See also
New Brunswick electoral redistribution , 2006
References
Electoral redistributions in Canada
Electoral redistribution , 2008
British Columbia electoral redistribution , 2008
Electoral redistribution
Manit may refer to :
People
Manit Joura , Indian actor
Manit Noywech ( born 1980 ) , Thai football player
Manit Rastogi , co-founder of Morphogenesis ( architecture firm )
Manit Sriwanichpoom ( born 1961 ) , Thai artist
Other
Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology
Poche is the French word for pocket . It can refer to :
People
Colin Poche ( born 1994 ) , American baseball player
Felix Pierre Poché ( 1836–1895 ) , American justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court
Fred Poché ( born 1960 ) , French philosopher
Jared Poché ( born 1994 ) , American baseball player
Miroslav Poche ( born 1978 ) , Czech politician
Oswald Poche ( 1908–1962 ) , German Nazi military figure , chief of the Gestapo
See also
Mauricio Pochettino ( born 1972 ) , Argentinian former footballer and manager of Tottenham Hotspur
Places
Poche Beach , in San Clemente , California
Habère-Poche , a commune in south-eastern France
Other
Amour de poche , a French comedy fantasy film from 1957
Chat en poche , a comedy in three acts by Georges Feydeau from 1892
Le Livre de Poche ( `` The Pocket Book '' ) , a publishing brand name in France since 1953
Pochette , French name for a kit violin
Télé Poche ( `` Pocket TV '' ) , a weekly television listings magazine in France since 1966
Carolyn Louise Moore Layton ( July 13 , 1945 – November 18 , 1978 ) was a leadership figure within Peoples Temple and a long-term partner of Temple leader Jim Jones . Along with other inner circle members , she assisted in the planning of the mass murder-suicide that took place in Jonestown , Guyana on November 18 , 1978 . She was the mother of a child by Jones , Jim Jon `` Kimo '' Prokes .
Early life
Carolyn Louise Moore was born in Sacramento on July 13 , 1945 . Her father , John V Moore ( 1919 - 2019 ) , was a Methodist minister and a conscientious objector during WWII . Her mother , Barbara Ann Covington ( 1922 - 2004 ) was a homemaker and long-term supporter of the peace movement . In 1946 , the family moved to Youngstown , Ohio , where John was pastor of Himrod Avenue Baptist Church .
On Christmas Eve of 1947 , Barbara was hospitalised due to complications of an ectopic pregnancy . Carolyn was sent to live with her grandparents back in California while her mother recovered . The six-month separation allegedly took a toll on Carolyn ; when left alone in her crib , she would cry inconsolably . It was several weeks before her separation-anxiety seemed to be under control .
In 1949 , the Moore family returned to California . John was a pastor in numerous locales throughout Northern California , including Del Paso Heights , Hayward , and Chico . Two more daughters were born : Rebecca ( 1951 ) and Annie ( 1954 ) . Carolyn appeared to be a happy child , making friends at school and church .
Throughout her school years , Carolyn was a high achiever with an active social life . She was concerned with social justice and identified as a Communist . In 1963 , she graduated from high school in Chico . She worked for the summer as an elevator operator in San Francisco . The following fall , she began her education at UC Davis .
Davis
As a student at UC Davis , Carolyn majored in international relations and was on the college honor roll . She spent her junior year of college in Bordeaux as an exchange student and became engaged to a Frenchman , Alexandre . Carolyn informed her friends and family of her plans to marry Alexandre and remain in France , studying philosophy . The engagement was dissolved , however , and Carolyn returned to Davis , sharing a house with seven girlfriends .
It was one of these girlfriends who introduced Carolyn to Larry Layton , a fellow student and conscientious objector to the Vietnam War . The Moores were surprised by Carolyn 's relationship with Larry , who seemed comparatively quiet and passive . The couple married in the summer of 1967 . While Larry completed his studies , Carolyn started a teaching credential . She was working as a student teacher at Vacaville High School during the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. Carolyn was shocked when her students started cheering at the news .
The following summer , Larry began alternate civilian service at the state mental hospital in Talmage , Mendocino County . Carolyn found a job as a physical education and social studies teacher at Potter Valley High School . Larry was also a substitute teacher in Ukiah Unified School District which included Potter Valley High.When Potter Valley High was closed she taught French at Ukiah High School in nearby Ukiah . ( Student of hers at PVHS 1968-1970 ) .The couple left Davis and moved to Potter Valley , not far from Ukiah .
Peoples Temple and Jim Jones
Carolyn and Larry started church-shopping in Ukiah . Within a month , the Moores were receiving letters from their daughter about her progressive new church , Peoples Temple . John was disturbed by what he perceived as the worshipful tone of the letters , particularly with regard to the Temple 's pastor , Jim Jones . After a prolonged period of not hearing from Carolyn , the Moores visited Potter Valley , where they discovered that Carolyn was living alone , Larry having gone to Reno to arrange a quickie divorce . Furthermore , Carolyn had a black eye and had started keeping a rifle beside her bed .
Carolyn telephoned Jones to come over and meet her parents . Together , they informed the Moores that they were in love . They also claimed that Jones ' wife of twenty years , Marceline , was unable to respond to him sexually and that Jones could n't get a divorce himself , due to Marceline 's purported mental illness . After the meeting , John V Moore concluded of Jones : `` A phony preacher . Another Elmer Gantry . ''
Over the years , Carolyn continued to write letters to her family , extolling Jones ' virtues and defending the relationship . She also claimed that Jones was the reincarnation of Vladimir Lenin and she of Lenin 's mistress , Inessa Armand .
Some who were close to Carolyn noted a change in her personality after she began her affair with Jones , from an amusing and free-thinking young woman to a `` ruthless authoritarian '' . While never occupying a public position within the Temple , Carolyn became known as Jones ' `` Go to Guy '' . Her intimate relationship with Jones was concealed from the Temple 's wider membership , yet Jones encouraged his children to view Carolyn as a stepmother of sorts , taking them on family outings where they often enjoyed luxuries that were forbidden to the Temple 's rank-and-file . A 1974 affidavit by Marceline Jones requested that all her mothering responsibilities be taken on by Carolyn in the event of her death .
In 1972 , Carolyn 's youngest sister , Annie , visited the Temple and was convinced to stay .
In 1974 , Carolyn asked her parents if she could live with them in Berkeley for a few months ; she was pregnant with Jones ' child . During her pregnancy , Carolyn pressured her father to perform her wedding by proxy to a Temple member named Mike Prokes , so that her child would be legitimate . On January 31 , 1975 , Carolyn gave birth to a son , Jim Jon Prokes - nicknamed 'Kimo ' .
Later that year , Carolyn resumed her responsibilities within the Temple . Her period of absence was explained as the result of an imprisonment in Mexico while on a secret mission for the Temple . Kimo 's paternity was initially attributed to a prison guard ; later , Jones revised his story , telling his followers that he 'd accidentally impregnated Carolyn while he 's training her to `` use her body for the Cause '' .
Carolyn was one of an elite group of staff who had access to the Temple 's financial assets and , along with other members of this group , was responsible for moving thousands of dollars into offshore accounts , making real estate investments , and setting up dummy business fronts .
In mid-1977 , the publication of a critical article in New West magazine prompted Jones to permanently relocate to the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project in Guyana . Over the following two months , over a thousand of his followers joined him there , including Carolyn .
Jonestown
Carolyn and Jones began to live together more openly in Jonestown , sharing a cabin . Annie and another lover and aide of Jones ' , Maria Katsaris , also shared their quarters , as did Kimo and John Victor Stoen - a child Jones claimed to have fathered with a former Temple member , Grace .
Carolyn divided her time between Jonestown and the Temple 's headquarters in Georgetown , Guyana , often working as a shortwave radio operator . She also taught in Jonestown 's high school . Together with Harriet Tropp and Johnny Brown Jones , Carolyn formed Jonestown 's `` Administrative Triumvirate '' , which was responsible for supervising the activities of eight department heads .
Along with members of Jonestown 's medical staff , Carolyn was aware of Jones ' abuse of pharmaceuticals . In 1978 , she was observed shooting him up with a substance he claimed was Vitamin B-12 .
Carolyn is believed to have been the author of a memo entitled 'An Analysis of Future Prospects ' , estimated to have been written in the weeks preceding November 18 . The memo discusses several options for the people of Jonestown in the face of mounting pressures on the community , including ( but not limited to ) a `` final stand '' involving the deaths of the entire population .
Carolyn died of cyanide poisoning in Jones ' cabin on November 18 . Her body was one of only seven out of the 909 casualties in Jonestown to be autopsied .
In Media
A 2018 A & E documentary , Jonestown : The Women Behind the Massacre , focused on four women who were close to Jim Jones , including Carolyn Moore Layton . Australian author Laura Elizabeth Woollett 's novel Beautiful Revolutionary is largely based on the life of Layton , who she fictionalises as 'Evelyn Lynden ' . Episode 14 of Criminal Broads , a podcast about women on the wrong side of the law , closely covers Layton 's story .
References
Peoples Temple
1945 births
1978 deaths
People from Sacramento , California
Suicides by poison
1978 suicides
Suicides in Guyana
Double Face ( , / translation : The Face in the Dark ) is a 1969 thriller film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Klaus Kinski , Christiane Krüger and Annabella Incontrera . It is part of the series of Edgar Wallace adaptations made by Rialto Film .
Plot
A businessman named John Alexander learns that his wealthy wife Helen has died in a car accident . After mourning , he runs afoul of some shady characters who lead him to believe that his wife is still alive .
Cast
Cast information from the book Riccardo Freda : The Life and Works of a Born Filmmaker .
Klaus Kinski as John Alexander
Christiane Krüger as Christine
Günther Stoll as Inspector Stevens
Annabella Incontrera as Liz
Sydney Chaplin as Mr. Brown
Barbara Nelli as Alice
Margaret Lee as Helen Alexander
Carlo Marcolino as Butler
Luciano Spadoni as Inspector Gordon
Ignazio Dolce
The following cast went uncredited .
Bedy Moratti
Fulvio Pellegrino as a Policeman
Domenico Ravenna as Man at a horse race
Production
During the later part of director Riccardo Freda 's career , the director began attempting commercially viable genres . Freda met with Italian producer Oreste Coltellacci who set up a deal with the German company Rialto who created several works in the German subgenre called the krimi . The krimis were inspired by the works of Edgar Wallace and had been popular since Harald Reinl 's film Der Frosch mit der Maske ( 1959 ) In Germany , the film was promoted as being based on Das Gesicht im Dunkeln by Edgar Wallace . This was done for commercial reasons as the script had nothing to do with the book . The original story for the film was developed by Lucio Fulci , Romano Migliorini and Gianbattista Mussetto . The film 's screenplay is credited to Freda and Austrian-born Paul Hengge . According to Giusti , Fulci wrote the first treatment . Fulci would claim in an interview in 1994 that he wrote the film for Freda . He disliked the film , stating that Freda had `` completely crushed it down to a pulp ; at that time , he just did n't care anymore . ''
When casting the film , Freda met with Klaus Kinski in Rome where Kinski initially refused to be in the film not wanting to play another psychopathic character . Freda convinced him to take the role after learning he would play the part of a victim instead .
Double Face was shot between 20 January and 15 March 1969 at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome and on location in London and Liverpool . Freda and Kinski did not get along on set , with Freda referring to him as `` the Crown Prince of Assholes '' and eventually proceeding to shoot the film with a Kinski double he found on the set of a Federico Fellini film . When Kinski found out about this , he put aside his differences and continued working on the film .
Release
Double Face was released in West Germany on 4 July 1969 under the title of Das Gesicht im Dunkeln ( The Face in the Dark ) with an 80 minute runtime . It was distributed in West Germany by Constantin Film GmbH . It was released theatrically in Italy as A doppia faccia on 26 July 1969 where it was distributed by Panta with a 90 minute runtime . The film grossed 175,626,000 Italian lire domestically in Italy .
It was released later in France as Liz et Helen ( ) and also with added adult scenes involving actress Alice Arno as Chaleur et Jouissance ( ) . It was released in the United States as Puzzle of Horrors .
Reception
Film critic Marco Giusti writes that Kinski `` is mad , hysterical , but dominates the film '' , remembers the nice intrigue around Kinski 's character , and praises the lesbian scenes .
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
1969 films
1969 thriller films
West German films
1960s Italian-language films
Films directed by Riccardo Freda
German thriller films
Italian thriller films
Films produced by Horst Wendlandt
Films based on works by Edgar Wallace
Reboot films
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Constantin Film films
Films shot at Cinecittà Studios
Films scored by Nora Orlandi
1960s Italian films
1960s German films
These are the partial results of the athletics competition at the 1979 Mediterranean Games taking place between 23 and 28 September 1979 in Split , Yugoslavia .
Men 's results
100 meters
Heats – 23 SeptemberWind : Heat 1 : +3.6 m/s , Heat 2 : +0.5 m/s
Final – 24 SeptemberWind : -0.6 m/s
200 meters
Heats – 25 SeptemberWind : Heat 1 : ? m/s , Heat 2 : +1.7 m/s
Final – 27 September
Wind : +0.7 m/s
400 meters
Heats – 23 September
Final – 25 September
800 meters
Heats – 23 September
Final – 25 September
1500 meters
5000 meters
10,000 meters
23 September
Marathon
28 SeptemberThe results are unofficial as the distance was 41.3 km , thus shorter than the required 42.195 kilometres .
110 meters hurdles
28 SeptemberWind : -1.2 m/s
400 meters hurdles
24 September
3000 meters steeplechase
27 September
4 × 100 meters relay
28 September
4 × 400 meters relay
28 September
20 kilometers walk
24 September
High jump
28 September
Pole vault
27 September
Long jump
27 September
Triple jump
27 September
Shot put
24 September
Discus throw
Hammer throw
25 September
Javelin throw
Decathlon
24–25 September
Women 's results
100 meters
Heats – 24 SeptemberWind : Heat 1 : +0.6 m/s , Heat 2 : ? m/s
Final – 24 SeptemberWind : -1.0 m/s
200 meters
27 SeptemberWind : +1.2 m/s
400 meters
800 meters
25 September
1500 meters
28 September
100 meters hurdles
Wind : -3.0 m/s
4 × 100 meters relay
28 September
4 × 400 meters relay
28 September
High jump
25 September
Long jump
24 September
Shot put
Discus throw
23 September
Javelin throw
Pentathlon
References
Mediterranean Games
1979
Adam Przybek ( born 2 April 2000 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Walsall . Born in England , he has represented Wales at youth international level .
Club career
Przybek began his career with West Bromwich Albion . He joined non-league side Worcester City on loan in March 2018 as cover , making 5 appearances . In October 2018 , he joined Gloucester City on loan , making five league appearances before returning to West Brom . He spent a third loan spell away from the club making 7 appearances with Rushall Olympic .
After being released by West Brom in 2019 , he signed for League One side Ipswich Town on a two-year contract . He made his professional debut for the side on 4 December 2019 in an EFL Trophy match against Peterborough United . The match ended in a 1–1 draw before Ipswich went on to win a penalty shootout during which Przybek saved two penalties .
Przybek joined Braintree Town on a month-long youth loan in October 2020 .
On 4 December 2020 , Przybek joined Concord Rangers on loan until 3 January 2021 .
On 21 January 2021 , Przybek joined National League side Chesterfield on loan until the end of the season .
In April 2021 , Ipswich announced that Przybek would be released at the end of the 2020–21 season following the end of his contract .
He moved to Wycombe Wanderers in July 2021 but was released by the club in May 2022 .
On 21 June 2022 , Przybek joined League Two side Walsall on a free transfer , signing a one-year deal .
International career
Born in England , Przybek has represented both England and Wales at international level . Przybek played for England and Wales at under-15 and under-16 level before switching allegiance to Wales . He played for the Wales under-19 side in 2016 and the under-20 side from 2016 to 2019 .
He received his first call up to the Wales U21 squad in August 2019 for European Championship qualifiers . He made his debut for the Wales U21 side on 11 October 2019 , starting in a 1–2 loss to Moldova U21 in a 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifier .
Personal life
Przybek is of Polish descent .
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Welsh footballers
Wales youth international footballers
Wales under-21 international footballers
English footballers
England youth international footballers
Welsh people of Polish descent
English people of Polish descent
Association football goalkeepers
Ipswich Town F.C . players
Wycombe Wanderers F.C . players
West Bromwich Albion F.C . players
Worcester City F.C . players
Gloucester City A.F.C . players
Rushall Olympic F.C . players
Braintree Town F.C . players
Concord Rangers F.C . players
Chesterfield F.C . players
Southern Football League players
National League ( English football ) players
Walsall F.C . players
Trov , stylized as Trōv , is an American technology company based in the San Francisco Bay Area . CEO , Scott Walchek , founded Trōv in 2012 .
Overview
Current customers include Suncorp , Lloyds Banking Group , Waymo , PSA , and Zerology .
Trōv pivoted to a business-to-business model and shut down its direct-to-consumer mobile insurance platform in 2019 . Previously , the company offered this platform to consumers in Australia , the United States and the United Kingdom .
Trōv 's consumer app offered insurance for individual items that could be toggled on and off using `` micro-duration policies '' . The application allowed users to track their possessions using a photograph or an item or receipt and was backed up to the cloud . Trōv partnered with insurance carriers based on geographic region to offer coverage for consumer 's belongings protected through the app .
In 2016 , Trōv 's Series C funding round generated $ 25.5 million led by Oak HC/FT . Suncorp Group , Guidewire , and previous investor Anthemis Group also participated in the funding round . As of 2016 , Trōv has raised $ 39.2 million in total funding . The original cloud-based application was limited to personal inventory and tracking the value of possessions . Following the funding round , Trōv launched its mobile insurance platform in Australia in May 2016 through a partnership with Suncorp Group . Trōv partnered with AXA for coverage in the UK . In September 2016 , Trōv reached an agreement with Munich Re to expand its insurance coverage in the U.S .
On April 7 , 2017 , Trōv closed a $ 45 million Series D funding round led by HSB Ventures , with participation from Oak HC/FT , Suncorp Group , Guidewire , Anthemis , and Japanese insurance giant Sompo Holdings . In 2019 , Trov secured further funding from Sompo bringing total funding to just over $ 114 million .
As of February 23 , 2022 , Trōv has been acquired by Travelers Insurance group and has ceased to operate under its own brand .
References
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
The Sämisch Variation of the King 's Indian Defence is a chess opening that begins with the moves :
1. d4 Nf6
2. c4 g6
3 . Nc3 Bg7
4. e4 d6
5. f3
The Sämisch is a subtle blockading system and a critical challenge to the King 's Indian . It is named after the German grandmaster Friedrich Sämisch . The Sämisch has been played by numerous grandmasters , including world champions Mikhail Botvinnik , Mikhail Tal , Tigran Petrosian , Boris Spassky , Anatoly Karpov , and Garry Kasparov .
Bobby Fischer had trouble against the Sämisch . Mednis ' How to Beat Bobby Fischer showed that five of Fischer 's losses were against the Sämisch King 's Indian , and remarked that Fischer eventually avoided the King 's Indian if he believed he would face the Sämisch ; however , Fischer faced the Sämisch five times against Spassky in their 1992 rematch—winning two , drawing two , and losing one .
In the Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings , the Sämisch Variation is covered in chapters E80 to E89 .
Strategic ideas
By playing 5.f3 , White postpones the of the pieces in order to solidify the . The pawn on f3 also prevents Black from using the g4-square , while potentially setting up g4–g5 or h4 and kingside play for White . Compared to the classical King 's Indian lines where White plays Nf3 , the Sämisch allows relatively little counterplay for Black on the kingside and grants chances for a kingside initiative . The classical plan for White is to castle queenside and attack on the kingside by advancing the g- and h-pawns . The Sämisch has therefore been noted as a good line for aggressive attacking players . A drawback to White 's plan is that the pawn on f3 deprives the g1-knight of its most natural square , a point summarised by Eduard Gufeld : `` Ask the king 's knight what it thinks of 5.f3 . '' ( Gufeld 's favourite victory was a win with black over Vladimir Bagirov against the Sämisch . )
The strategic nature of the battle in the centre is largely up to Black , who can challenge the centre with the pawn advances ... c5 or ... e5 , then White needs to decide whether to close the centre with d4–d5 , or let it remain fluid . Instead of challenging the centre with a pawn , Black can also pursue an early initiative on the queenside and aim for ... b7–b5 .
Main variations
The resulting middlegame is largely determined by how Black decides to counteract in the centre . The traditional break is to play ... e7–e5 , but the alternative pawn break , ... c7–c5 , even as a sacrifice has received more attention recently . After 5.f3 , the main continuation is 5 ... 0-0 6.Be3 , although the popularity of the Sämisch Gambit ( 6 ... c5 ) has led many White players to explore 6.Nge2 and 6.Bg5 instead . After 6.Be3 , Black has a wide choice of lines .
Black plays 6 ... e5
The classical reply to the Sämisch is to counter in the centre with 6 ... e5 . This does lock in Black 's fianchettoed bishop on g7 , and Black may need to work out plans to activate this piece in the middlegame ; however , if the bishop somehow is released , it may become very powerful . White has the choice between closing the centre or to maintain the central tension . According to the theory by Cherniaev and Prokuronov , closing the centre with 7.d5 gives White good chances for an opening edge , although Garry Kasparov frequently played the black side of this line , while maintaining the tension with 7.Nge2 is `` less promising '' , but is an important line for White players who prefer the 6.Nge2 move order .
When White chooses to close the centre with 7.d5 , White 's typical plan is to castle queenside , and then launch an assault on the kingside with moves like g4 and/or h4 . Black 's main decisions are on what pawn breaks to play for . Main lines include an immediate break with 7 ... c6 , a preparation for the ... f5 break with 7 ... Nh5 or 7 ... Ne8 , and closing up the c-file with 7 ... c5 and eventually play for breaks with ... b5 or ... f5 . A particularly sharp line is David Bronstein 's queen sacrifice 7 ... Nh5 8.Qd2 Qh4+ 9.g3 Nxg3 10.Qf2 Nxf1 11.Qxh4 Nxe3 , where Black has given up the queen for two bishops and a pawn , and will also win a second pawn after 12 ... Nxc4 . In return for the material , Black obtains a solid and compact position devoid of weaknesses , the safer king , and control over the dark squares . Cherniaev and Prokuronov were sceptical of whether Black had sufficient compensation after 12.Qf2 , but the line is very dangerous if White plays nonchalantly .
When White maintains the tension , Black 's main moves are 7 ... c6 and 7 ... exd4 , while 7 ... Nc6 8.d5 Ne7 leaves the black knight on e7 poorly placed . Although trading in the centre with 7 ... exd4 opens up the diagonal for the bishop , White enjoys a space advantage with a grip on the d5-square . Continuing to maintain the tension with 7 ... c6 , and development with ... Nbd7 is Black 's most flexible option .
Sämisch Gambit , Benoni , and Accelerated Dragon lines : 6 ... c5
Positionally , 6 ... c5 is Black 's most natural break , attacking the White centre with a side pawn and leaving the a1–h8 diagonal open for the bishop on g7 . The most obvious drawback is that 6 ... c5 loses a pawn to 7.dxc5 dxc5 8.Qxd8 Rxd8 9.Bxc5 , and for this reason 6 ... c5 was previously thought to be impossible . However , Valery Chekhov began exploring the line as a deliberate gambit , and the line is now considered to give Black full compensation .
The compensation Black has for the pawn includes :
The King 's Indian bishop has an open long diagonal .
Black has a lead in development , with four pieces in play .
White 's development has been hindered with the pawn placement on f3 .
White has a hole on d4 as well as other good targets for Black 's knights .
A possible practical drawback to the gambit is that White is more or less able to force a draw against Black 's best lines , e.g . after 9.Bxc5 Nc6 10.Nd5 Nd7 11.Bxe7 Nxe7 12.Nxe7+ Kf8 13.Nd5 Bxb2 14.Rb1 Bg7 15.Nh3 Nc5 16.Ng5 , when Black should allow the repetition of position by 16 ... Kg8 17.Ne7+ Kf8 18.Nd5 Kg8 .
The gambit is rarely accepted in contemporary grandmaster play ; instead the main line is to head for a Benoni-type structure with 7.Nge2 followed by 8.d5 , which frequently transposes to the Kapengut Variation of the Modern Benoni . However , after 7.Nge2 , 7 ... cxd4 8.Nxd4 Nc6 transposes into the Accelerated Dragon variation of the Sicilian Defense , featuring a Maróczy Bind .
Byrne Variation : 6 ... c6 and 6 ... a6
Robert Byrne developed a flexible approach where Black plays ... c6 and ... a6 in order to prepare the push ... b5 . Black 's direct counterstrike in the centre is postponed so that the queenside advance can proceed quickly .
White can decide to halt Black 's ... b5 break by playing 7.a4 at the cost of weakening the dark squares on the queenside . After 7 ... a5 , Black has gained control over the b4-square , and will usually win the c5-square as well . White has other lines that allow Black to play ... b5 . 7.Qd2 usually intends queenside castling . 7.c5 ( or 7.Nge2 a6 8.c5 ) is a positional line , aiming to clamp down on the queenside and gain control over the b6-square . Probably the most popular response to the Byrne is 7.Bd3 aiming for a speedy mobilization of the kingside pieces , but allowing Black to proceed with the ... b5 plan . White 's prospects of gaining an initiative on the kingside means that Black often delays castling so as not to come under attack there .
If Black wants to transpose into the Byrne while avoiding the 7.Bd3 lines , the flexible 6 ... a6 can be played first . This way , Black retains the option of playing ... c5 or ... c6 depending on the circumstances .
Panno Variation : 6 ... Nc6
The Panno line , named after Oscar Panno , is a sharp and highly theoretical system which can lead to very complicated play . Black holds back the c-pawn for the time being , and aims to put the knight on d4 . The immediate plan is to prepare queenside counterplay with ... a6 , ... Rb8 followed by ... b5 .
The main line of the Panno is 7.Nge2 a6 8.Qd2 Rb8 . White 's main positional system is to continue with 9.Nc1 e5 ( Black needs to secure a hold of the centre ) 10.d5 Nd4 . Here the pawn grab 11.Bxd4 ? exd4 12.Qxd4 loses to 12 ... Nxe4 ! , so White usually challenges the d4-knight with 11.Nb3 or 11.N1e2 .
Other seventh move alternatives include the aggressive continuations 7.h4 and 7.g4 aiming for a kingside attack , and 7.Rb1 and 7.Rc1 which aims to meet the ... b5 break .
Other lines against 6.Be3
6 ... Nbd7 was popular in the early 1990s . Cherniaev and Prokuronov , however , believe White obtains an edge with 7.Nh3 , with the plan of bringing the knight to f2 .
6 ... a5 is a line favoured by Mark Hebden . The idea behind the move is to advance the a-pawn down the board to a4 . Spending two tempi on pushing the pawn to a4 costs time , but Black has secured the a5-square as a comfortable perch for the queen , and the advance a4–a3 may come up later in the game .
6 ... b6 was once played as a means of preparing the break with ... c5 , but since the Sämisch gambit shows that 6 ... c5 can be played immediately , Chris Ward considers the line to be slightly inferior .
Other sixth moves for White
Since the Sämisch gambit shows that 6.Be3 does not really prevent 6 ... c5 , some players have turned to alternatives . These alternatives include 6.Nge2 which postpones the decision of where to put the c1-bishop , and 6.Bg5 aiming for a more active development and preventing 6 ... e5 ? due to the pin after 7.dxe5 dxe5 8.Qxd8 Rxd8 9.Nd5 .
Sidelines
Although most lines in this variation have Black castling at move five , it is certainly possible for Black to delay castling , even to junctures well into the middlegame . A rare move such as 5 ... c6 holds Black 's options open while contesting the d5-square , anticipating White 's central advance d4–d5 , freeing Black 's queen on the a5–d8 diagonal , and keeping White guessing .
References
Bibliography
External links
Opening Explorer ( Sämisch ) at Chessgames.com
Chess openings
Susanna K. Elm ( born November 11 , 1959 ) is a German historian and classicist . She is the Sidney H. Ehrman Professor of European History at the Department of History at the University of California , Berkeley . Her research interests include the history of the later Roman Empire , late Antiquity and early Christianity . She is Associate Editor of the journals Church History and Studies in Late Antiquity and is a member of the editorial board for Classical Antiquity .
Career
Susanna K. Elm is the daughter of historian Kaspar Elm . She graduated from the Gymnasium Leopoldinum in Detmold in 1978 . Afterwards , she studied Classical Philology and History at Freie Universität Berlin . In 1986 , she graduated from St Hilda 's College , Oxford , where her doctoral thesis , The Organisation and Institutions of Female Asceticism in Fourth Century Cappadocia and Egypt , was supervised by classical historian , John F. Matthews . She then worked as an analyst at Morgan Guaranty Trust for a year before becoming assistant professor at the University of California , Berkeley in 1989 . In 1994 , she became an associate professor and has held a professorship at Berkeley since 2002 .
In 2007 , Elm was part of a University of California research team that won the American Philological Association ( APA ) Prize for Scholarly Outreach for creating middle-school course materials on the fall of the Roman Empire .
Her publications include Virgins of God : The Making of Asceticism in Late Antiquity ( Clarendon , 1994/1996 ) ; Medical Challenges for the New Millennium : An Interdisciplinary Task ( Kluver , 2001 ) , co-edited with Stefan Willich ; and Sons of Hellenism , Fathers of the Church ( University of California , 2012 ) . She has received a Rhodes Scholarship as well as fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation ( 1995 ) , the National Endowment for the Humanities , and the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin .
The book Virgins of God was a development of her doctoral thesis about female asceticism in early Christianity . Enthusiastic religious women sought virtue by engaging in spiritual marriage or becoming anchoresses . Elm recounted how the religious hierarchy restrained such practises , condemning some of them as heresy . Doug Lee , writing in The Classical Review , praised the work as a `` stimulating exposition which negotiates the complexities of the source material and subject matter with skill and assurance . ... one of the many strengths of the study is E 's exploitation of little-known sources such as an anonymous treatise On Virginity ( pp . 34–9 331–6 ) and Athanasius ' Letter to the Virgins Who Went to Jerusalem ( pp . 331–6 ) . ''
Her book , Sons of Hellenism , Fathers of the Church was described by the Bryn Mawr Classical Review as ' a welcome and erudite study of Gregory of Nazianzus 's intellectual engagement with the emperor Julian . ' In 2013 , the APA awarded her the Charles J. Goodwin Award of Merit for the book .
In a 2016 interview for Studies in Late Antiquity , a journal which she edits , she described her writing and research as 'an integrated approach that combines written sources from authors that are Christian and non-Christian with documentary and material sources . '
Elm was elected a corresponding fellow of the British Academy in 2021 .
Elm is married to Tübingen jurist and European law expert Martin Nettesheim .
Selected publications
'Virgins of God ' : The Making of Asceticism in Late Antiquity . 1994 . Oxford Classical Monographs . Oxford : Clarendon Press
Sons of Hellenism , Fathers of the Church : Emperor Julian , Gregory of Nazianzus , and the Vision of Rome . 2012 . Transformation of the Classical Heritage . Berkeley : University of California Press
( Ed . with Stefan N Willich ) Quo Vadis Medical Healing : Past Concepts and New Approaches . 2009 . Springer
References
1959 births
German classical scholars
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Scholars of Roman history
Living people
Women classical scholars
German women historians
20th-century German historians
20th-century German women writers
21st-century German historians
21st-century German women writers
German emigrants to the United States
Le Favril may refer to the following communes in France :
Le Favril , Eure , in the Eure département
Le Favril , Eure-et-Loir , in the Eure-et-Loir département
Le Favril , Nord , in the Nord département
MOTORTEC is an international trade fair of automotive components and accessories held biennially ( on odd years ) in Madrid , at the IFEMA exhibition centre . The 2007 edition , held in May , boasted 804 exhibitors from 24 countries . The 2009 edition will take place in March .
External links
http : //www.ifema.es/ferias/motortec/default.html
References
Trade fairs in Spain
Auto shows in Spain
Nathan S. Ancell ( August 22 , 1908 – May 31 , 1999 ) co-founded the Ethan Allen furniture company with his brother-in-law , Theodore Baumritter , in 1932 . Together , the two men pioneered the concept of selling furniture in room-style settings and built the Ethan Allen company . Today , Ethan Allen has sales of nearly $ 1 billion .
Early life
Born Nathan Ancelewitz , Nathan S. `` Nat '' Ancell grew up in New York an was Jewish . In 1932 , he and his brother-in-law started a small housewares company . The two bought a bankrupt furniture manufacturer in Beecher Falls , Vermont a few years later . Ancell attended Columbia College in New York City , New York and graduated in 1929 .
Business practices
Ancell was known as the father of the gallery concept , where furniture was placed in real-life settings in furniture stores . The company vision statement illustrates his viewpoint in how to conduct business : `` To promote dreams not just furniture-to help consumers have the attractive homes they want , regardless of the station in life . ''
The family sold the Ethan Allen company to Interco in 1980 . Ancell continued as manager and later as an advisor until the company was sold again in 1989 .
Philanthropic works
In 1982 , he was honored by Western Connecticut State University , who named the Ancell School of Business after him following his donation of $ 900,000 . Afterwards , he taught ethics and marketing at the school .
Ancell served on the board of Brandeis University for 25 years . He funded a chair in physics and a fellowship in physics , and was awarded an honorary Doctorate in 1990 and the Distinguished Community Service Award in 1988 .
He established the Florence and Theodore Baumritter Chair in Medicine at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University . He was also a benefactor and received an honorary degree .
Ancell also served as co-chair of the UJA-Federation Board of Directors .
References
1908 births
1999 deaths
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American philanthropists
The rivière à la Scie is a tributary of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River . This watercourse empties into the city of Lévis and flows entirely within the territory of the city of Lévis , in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches , in Quebec , in Canada .
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Scie river are :
North side : St. Lawrence River ;
East side : Ruisseau Rouge , Couture River ;
South side : Etchemin River ;
West side : Etchemin River .
The Scie river has its source at the Monseigneur Bourget road , north of the plée de Beauharnois and south of the Grande Plé Bleu zone which straddles the Pintendre and Saint-Joseph-de-la-Pointe-de-Lévy sectors , in the city of Lévis . This spring surrounded by wetlands is located near a fish farm at :
east of the center of the village of Pintendre ;
north of the center of the village of Saint-Henri .
The Scie river flows in agricultural or urban areas , more or less parallel ( east side ) to the Etchemin river . From its source , the Scie River flows over in the following segments :
westward , to route 173 which crosses the village of Pintendre ;
north-west , winding up to autoroute 20 , which it crosses east of exit 321 ;
towards the north-west , winding up to the confluence of the Couture River ( coming from the east ) ;
westward , up to its confluence .
The confluence of Rivière à la Scie is located on the south shore of the Estuary of Saint Lawrence , in the Saint-Télesphore sector . This confluence is located at east of the confluence of the Etchemin River , at east of the confluence of the Chaudière River and west of the Lévis-Québec ferry .
Toponymy
The wood used to build the Ursuline Convent in Quebec was taken from the banks of the Rivière à la Scie . A sawmill was built in this area in 1706 by Georges Regnard Duplessis , the sixth lord of Lauzon . It is not unreasonable to believe that the name of the river evokes this sawmill . In 1776 , Henry Caldwell , then tenant of the seigneury , undertook in his turn , in the same place , the construction of a flour mill which included stores , as well as a warehouse of flour and housing for the workers .
The toponym Rivière à la Scie was made official on December 5 , 1968 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Lévis , Quebec
Sardar Talib Hassan Nakai is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2008 . He was previously a member of the National Assembly from January 2003 to 2013 and present national assembly member . He was studied at Aitchison College and Forman Christian College .
Political career
Nakai was elected to the national assembly as a candidate of PML-J from constituency Na-108 in Pakistani general election 1988.Nakai was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-142 ( Kasur-V ) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML-Q ) in by-polls held in January 2003 . He received 48,935 votes and defeated Rana Muhammad Hayat .
He was reelected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-142 ( Kasur-V ) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 47,192 votes and defeated Rana Muhammad Hayat .
He ran for the National Assembly seat from Constituency NA-142 ( Kasur-V ) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2013 Pakistani general election . He received 65,758 votes , losing to Rana Muhammad Hayat Khan .
He was reelected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) from Constituency NA-140 ( Kasur-IV ) in 2018 Pakistani general election .
References
External Link
More Reading
List of members of the 15th National Assembly of Pakistan
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Serbia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 which took place on 26 November 2017 , in Tbilisi , Georgia . Radio Television of Serbia ( RTS ) was responsible for organising their entry for the contest . Irina Brodić and Jana Paunović were selected from national selection to represent Serbia with the song `` Ceo svet je naš '' .
Background
Prior to the 2017 Contest , Serbia had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest eight times since its debut in , and once as in , prior to the Montenegrin independence referendum in 2006 which culminated into the dissolution of Serbia and Montenegro . The Serbian broadcaster announced on 15 June 2017 , that they would be participating at the contest to be held in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Before Junior Eurovision
Dečja Pesma Evrovizije 2017
The singer who performed the Serbian entry for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 was selected through the singing competition Dečja Pesma Evrovizije ( `` Children 's Song For Eurovision '' ) . On 15 June 2017 RTS revealed it will be reverting to an open selection to choose their entry after several year 's of internal selection . On 21 September 2017 , it was announced that a national final will take place to determine the country 's representative .
Competing entries
Interested candidates had to submit their entries before the deadline on 15 August . A total of 18 songs were submitted to RTS which were then shortlisted to three by a panel of music editors .
Final
The final of the selection was recorded on 28 September 2017 , with the winners being revealed on the same day . It was broadcast on 30 September 2017 on 12:30 CET . The winner was selected from the five-panel jury , who consisted of Vojkan Borisavljević ( arranger and producer ) , Nevena Božović ( singer , representative of Serbia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 ) , Ljiljana Ranđelović ( choir conductor ) , Čeda Hodžić ( RTS music editor ) and Kiki Lesendrić ( rock musician ) .
Artist and song information
Jana Paunović
Jana Paunović ( born 7 February 2005 ) is a Serbian child singer . She represented Serbia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest , alongside Irina Brodić .
Irina Brodić
Irina Brodić ( born 3 November 2004 ) is a child singer who represented Serbia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 . She has sung with Jana Paunović .
Ceo svet je naš
`` Ceo svet je naš '' is a song by Serbian singers Jana Paunović , Irina Brodić . It represented Serbia during the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 .
At Junior Eurovision
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw which took place on 20 November 2017 , Serbia was drawn to perform fourteenth on 26 November 2017 , following Russia and preceding Australia .
Voting
Detailed voting results
References
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Serbia
2017
Johanna Wagner was a Prussian barque of 600 tons , commanded by Captain Kempe .
The sailing ship was bound from Batavia to Amsterdam with a cargo of tobacco , sugar , coffee , India rubber , gall-nuts , gum damar , and tin when she was wrecked at Strandfontein near Muizenberg , South Africa , on 15 July 1862 . No lives were lost . Blame for the wreck was placed on the pilot refusing to use the services of a harbor pilot .
See also
List of shipwrecks of the Western Cape .
References
Johanna Wagner
Maritime incidents in July 1862
Ships of Prussia
Ocampo is one of the 113 municipalities of Michoacán , in central Mexico . The municipal seat lies at Ocampo .
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 42 localities . The largest are :
References
Municipalities of Michoacán
The Cochetopa Hills are a ridge of uplands on the Continental Divide in Saguache County , southern Colorado , United States .
Geography
The Cochetopa Hills ridge bridges the southern terminus of the Sawatch Range to the northern terminus of the La Garita Mountains of the San Juan Mountains System . The Cochetopa Hills are characterized by rolling terrain with peaks between and noteworthy volcanic geology . The Sawatch Range to the northeast and the La Garita Mountains to the south are characterized by higher peaks .
On USGS topographic maps , the area labeled Cochetopa Hills is roughly bounded by Antora Peak , the town of Sargents , the drainage of Cochetopa Creek , and the town of Saguache . North Pass on State Highway 114 and the backcountry Cochetopa Pass allow travel on Colorado State Highway 114 from the upper Rio Grande drainage on the east to the upper Gunnison River drainage on the west .
The practice of naming mid-elevation upland areas in central and southern Colorado using the word hills is also illustrated by the naming of the similar uplands the Arkansas Hills , between the upper Arkansas Valley and South Park .
See also
References
External links
Ridges of Colorado
Mountains of Saguache County , Colorado
Ranges of the Rocky Mountains
San Juan Mountains ( Colorado )
Parafilaria multipapillosa ( syn . Filaria haemorrhagica ) is a parasitic nematode of the genus Parafilaria , which affects horse causing hemorrhagic subcutaneous nodules in the head and upper forelimbs , in North Africa , Southern and Eastern Europe , Asia and South America , leading to bleeding from the skin . It is commonly referred to as `` Summer bleeding '' .
Description
P. multipapillosa is related to Parafilaria antipini which are found in deer , and Parafilaria bovicola which causes hemorrhagic nodules in the skin of cattle and buffalo .
The nematode is thought to be passed by blood-sucking Haematobia spp [ biting flies ] in spring and summer . It causes skin nodules , particularly on the head and upper forequarters , which often bleed profusely ( `` summer bleeding '' ) but then usually resolve , though occasionally suppurating . The nodules and bleeding , though annoying and unsightly are generally of little consequence . The clinical signs are pathognomonic . No effective treatment is available .
' “ Modern researchers , [ Professor Victor ] Mair notes , have come up with two different ideas [ for the ancient Chinese references to the “ Blood-sweating ” horses of Ferghana ] . The first suggests that small subcutaneous blood vessels burst as the horses sustained a long hard gallop . The second theorizes that a parasitic nematode , Parafilaria multipapillosa , triggered the phenomenon . P. multipapillosa is widely distributed across the Russian steppes and makes its living by burrowing into the subcutaneous tissues of horses . The resulting skin nodules bleed often , sometimes copiously , giving rise to a something veterinarians call “ summer bleeding . ”
Ancient history
Over 2,100 years ago two Chinese armies traveled 10,000 km to find `` Heavenly Horses '' or Ferghana horses , apparently infected with a tiny worm causing them to `` sweat blood '' from skin sores :
`` Sometime earlier the emperor [ Wudi ] had divined by the Book of Changes and been told that `` divine horses are due to appear '' from the northwest '' . When the Wusun came with their horses , which were of an excellent breed , he named them `` heavenly horses '' . Later , however , he obtained the blood-sweating horses from Dayuan [ = Ferghana ] , which were even hardier . He therefore changed the name of the Wusun horses , calling them `` horses from the western extremity '' , and used the name `` heavenly horses '' for the horses of Dayuan . ''
P. multipapillosa is thought to have been the cause of the `` blood-sweating '' of these famous and much desired horses from Ferghana , which Emperor Wu of Han China ( Wudi ) renamed `` Heavenly Horses '' ( c. 113 BCE ) . In response , the Emperor sent out Li Guangli , the brother of his favorite concubine , he was given 6,000 horsemen and 20,000 infantry soldiers . [ 1 ] Li 's army had to cross the Taklamakan Desert and his supplies soon ran out . After a gruesome march of over 1,000 miles he finally arrived to the country of Dayuan , but what remained of his army was exhausted and starving . [ 1 ] Li lost many men along the way in petty fights with local rulers . After a severe defeat at a place called Yucheng , Li concluded that he was not strong enough to take the enemy capital and therefore returned to Dunhuang about 102 BC .
Emperor Wudi responded by giving Li Guangli a much larger army along with a huge number of oxen , donkeys and camels to carry supplies . With this force he had no difficulty reaching Khujand ( called Ershi by the Chinese ) , the Dayuan capital . He lost half his army during the march , [ 1 ] but after a 40-day siege the Chinese had broken through the outer wall and cut off the water supply . The nobles of Ershi killed their king and sent his head to Li Guangli , offering the Chinese all the horses they wanted . Li accepted the offer , appointed one of the nobles to be the new king and withdrew with a tribute of 3,000 horses . [ 1 ] On his return journey all the petty states accepted Chinese sovereignty . He reached the Jade Gate about 100 BC with 10,000 men and 1,000 horses .
Footnotes
References
Bonavia ( 2004 ) : The Silk Road From Xi'an to Kashgar . Judy Bonavia – revised by Christoph Baumer . 2004 . Odyssey Publications . .
Boulnois ( 2004 ) : Silk Road : Monks , Warriors & Merchants on the Silk Road . Luce Boulnois . Translated by Helen Loveday . Odyssey Books , Hong Kong . .
Watson , Burton , translator . ( 1961 ) . Records of the Grand Historian by Sima Qian . Han Dynasty II ( Revised Edition ) , Columbia University Press . .
External links
`` The Emperor and the Parasite . '' By Heather Pringle | 3 March 2011 at : The Emperor and the Parasite . The Last Word On Nothing ( 2011-03-03 ) . Retrieved on 2011-03-17 . Accessed 9 March 2011 .
`` Parafilaria multipapillosa . '' The Merck Veterinary Manual ( 2008 ) at Merck Veterinary Manual . Merckvetmanual.com . Retrieved on 2011-03-17 . Accessed 9 March 2011 .
`` Parafilaria '' at Parafilaria multipapillosa ( syn . Filaria haemorrhagica ) – definition of Parafilaria multipapillosa ( syn . Filaria haemorrhagica ) in the Medical dictionary – by the Free Online Medical Dictionary , Thesaurus and Encyclopedia . Medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com . Retrieved on 2011-03-17 .
Spirurida
Parasites of equines
Horse diseases
José Mauricio Pacini ( born 8 June 1976 ) is an Argentine football player who most recently played for Platense F.C . in the Honduran national league .
Club career
He played in Honduras for several years . He started his career at Universidad in 1999-2000 Apertura . Later he played for Vida , C.D . Platense , F.C . Motagua , Marathón , Real España , Victoria , and Olimpia , winning the title with Platense in 2001 ( 2000-01 Clausura ) , with Motagua in 2001 ( 2001-02 Apertura ) , and with Marathón in 2003 ( 2002-03 Clausura ) .
Pacini also participated in international club competition for several Honduran clubs , scoring for Motagua in qualifying for the 2003 CONCACAF Champions ' Cup , for Marathón in the preliminary stages of the 2004 CONCACAF Champions ' Cup , and for Olimpia in the quarter final stage of the 2007 CONCACAF Champions ' Cup . In Argentina , he played in some clubs such as Guillermo Brown de Puerto Madryn and Defensores de Belgrano before returning to Honduras in 2011 .
References
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Association football forwards
Argentine footballers
C.D.S . Vida players
Platense F.C . players
F.C . Motagua players
C.D . Marathón players
Real C.D . España players
C.D . Victoria players
C.D . Olimpia players
Expatriate footballers in Honduras
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Mahmudabad ( , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād ; also known as Muhammadābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 134 , in 36 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Pandemis rectipenita is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in China ( Xizang ) .
References
Moths described in 1982
Pandemis
Shooting at the 2024 Summer Paralympics will be held at Centre National de Tir Sportif de Châteauroux .
Qualification
Medalists
Men
Women
Mixed
See also
Shooting at the 2024 Summer Olympics
References
2024 Summer Paralympics events
2024
Shooting competitions in France
Zhang Limei ( born 16 December 1969 ) is a Chinese handball player . She competed in the women 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1969 births
Living people
Chinese female handball players
Olympic handball players of China
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
House at 115 Central Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County , New York . It is a -story building with a full raised basement and a -story central tower with polygonal roof in the Queen Anne style . It has a decorative slate hipped roof with gable and jerkin head dormers and features a variety of exterior decorative details .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Queen Anne architecture in New York ( state )
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Nassau County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County , New York
Copy Exactly ! is a factory strategy model developed by the computer chip manufacturer , Intel , to build new manufacturing facilities with high capacity practices already in place . The Copy Exactly ! model allows factories that successfully design and manufacture chips to be replicated in locations globally .
Information
The Copy Exactly ! methodology focuses on matching the manufacturing site to the development site . Matching occurs at all levels for physical inputs and statistically-matched responses ( outputs ) . This process enables continuous matching over time by using coordinated changes , audits , process control systems , and joint fab management structures . Physical inputs such as equipment configuration , chemical purity , facilities , and equipment hookups derive from the same specifications . In-line processes or equipment monitors that predict product performance , yield , or reliability must match at all levels . Originally , the Copy Exactly ! procedure was for tool sets and process , but Intel has since encompassed the entire fabrication plant into the strategy model in recent years .
Similar uses
A123 Systems , a US company that makes lithium-ion batteries , has recently repatriated its manufacturing operations after years of producing in South Korea and China . To facilitate the move , the company also used a `` copy exactly '' strategy . South Korean operations were replicated on a larger scale in the United States with the help of a team of South Korean engineers who were familiar with the production process .
See also
Tacit knowledge
References
McDonald , C. J . Copy EXACTLY ! `` A paradigm shift in technology transfer method '' . Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference and Workshop , IEEE/SEMI , 1997 Cambridge , MA . IEEE , 414–417 .
Intel
Point-of-care genetic testing identifies variations in the genetic sequence at the bedside – enabling clinicians to react and alter therapy based upon the results .
Traditional genetic testing involves the analysis of DNA in order to detect genotypes related to a heritable disease or phenotype of interest for clinical purposes . However , current testing methods require days to weeks before results are available limiting the clinical applicability of genetic testing in a number of circumstances .
Recently , the first point-of-care genetic test in medicine was demonstrated to be effective in identifying CYP2C19 * 2 carriers allowing tailoring of anti-platelet regimens to reduce high on treatment platelet reactivity . In the RAPID GENE study , Drs . Jason Roberts and Derek So from the University of Ottawa Heart Institute validated a pharmacogenomics approach in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome or stable coronary artery disease . This study is the first in medicine to incorporate point-of-care testing with genetics into routine clinical care and decision making .
References
Medical tests
Medical genetics
W. Henry Lewis House is a national historic site located at 424 North Oak Street , Fort Meade , Florida in Polk County . It is a two-story wooden Queen Anne style home , built in 1901 .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 19 , 2012 .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Polk County , Florida
Fort Meade , Florida
1901 establishments in Florida
Houses completed in 1901
Deroplatys philippinica , with the common name Philippines dead leaf mantis , is a species of dead leaf mantis .
It is endemic to the Philippines .
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
philippinica
Mantodea of Southeast Asia
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Insects of the Philippines
Insects described in 1838
Glensworth Elizee ( born 9 November 1989 ) is an international footballer from Dominica , who plays as a midfielder for Portsmouth Bombers and the Dominica national football team .
International
International goals
Scores and results list Dominica 's goal tally first .
References
External links
Caribbean Football Database profile
1989 births
Living people
Dominica footballers
Dominica international footballers
Association football midfielders
Christmas Island Immigration Reception and Processing Centre ( Christmas Island IRPC ) or commonly just Christmas Island Immigration Detention Centre , is an Australian immigration detention facility located on Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean .
History
Temporary facilities for asylum seekers were established on Christmas Island at Phosphate Hill in late 2001 . This temporary facility was found inadequate in terms of size , amenity and security . On 12 March 2002 , the Australian Government announced the replacement of the existing temporary facility and the construction of a purpose designed and built IRPC on Christmas Island with a capacity of 1200 people . In June 2002 , after a tender process , a contractor was appointed to design and construct the facility on a fast track basis .
Due to the reduction in the number of boat arrivals in 2001 and 2002 ( boat arrivals had reached the Australian mainland since mid-2001 ) , the Australian Government announced on 19 February 2003 to scale back the proposed 1200 person IRPC to 800 places . The existing construction contract was terminated .
In September 2003 , it was decided to proceed with the construction of the centre with accommodation capacity for approximately 800 people ; 416 housed in purpose-designed and built accommodation units , and a further 384 in basic contingency accommodation .
Protests
There have been several protests staged over conditions at the Christmas Island centre .
In 2011 , more than 250 detainees hurled rocks at staff and set fire to the accommodation block causing a substantial amount of damage . They were subdued by tear gas and bean bag rounds , one of the first times bean bag bullets have been used in Australia . The protest was against the conditions and length of time people are held there .
In early 2014 , about 375 detainees went on a hunger strike , seven stitching their lips together as a cry for freedom and a sign of solidarity for Iranian asylum seeker Reza Barati .
Further unrest occurred in 2014 after mothers concerned about the living conditions at Construction Camp for their babies , had a meeting with immigration officials . The mothers were reportedly told `` You will never be settled in Australia . You will be going to Nauru or Manus Island and that 's the end of the story . '' Following this message it was reported that the mothers started screaming and threatened to set fire to the camp and were arrested . DIBP confirmed that following this arrest seven individuals made threats of self-harm and four committed self-harm . Ten mothers were placed on `` guided supportive and monitoring engagement '' under the PSP , requiring 24-hour surveillance by a Serco officer .
On 9 November 2015 , a riot began at the centre after the death of an asylum seeker . The man escaped the centre and was found at the bottom of a cliff . Those involved in the rioting included criminals facing deportation . Damage to the centre may be as high as $ 10 million . Detainees involved were flown to Perth and placed in a maximum security prison .
Legal proceedings : 2014
On 26 August 2014 , a class action was filed in the Supreme Court of Victoria by law firm Maurice Blackburn on behalf of a six-year-old girl against the Australian Government , claiming negligence in providing health care for Christmas Island detainees . The girl claims to have developed a dental infection , stammer , separation anxiety and has begun wetting her bed while detained on Christmas Island for over a year . The claim if successful could provide potential redress for over a thousand asylum seekers .
Closure : October 2018
On 31 October 2017 there were 314 asylum seekers held in the centre .
On 23 November 2017 it was announced that the centre would close `` within seven months '' .
The facility was closed in October 2018 .
Re-opening announced : February 2019
In February 2019 , the Morrison government announced plans to re-open the centre , after parliament had passed a bill known as the `` Medevac bill '' opposed by the Prime Minister and his party , allowing medical professionals to have a greater say in the transfer of sick asylum seekers from Manus and Nauru . Morrison cited the prospect of increased boat arrivals as the reason for re-opening it . The Shire Council president ( mayor ) of Christmas Island Shire , Gordon Thomson , criticised the move , saying the announcement was `` stunning '' and `` made no practical sense . '' He told the media that Christmas Island has never provided medical treatment [ to detainees ] and this would have to be carried out on the Australian mainland .
In April 2019 , the Morrison Government paid for 140 Serco employees to be sent to Christmas Island , despite there being no refugees on the island . The same month , it was revealed the planned re-opening was going to cost $ 180 million .
In May 2019 , it was reported that 20 Sri Lankan asylum seekers were intercepted and brought to Christmas Island where they were held for a few days , and that their claims were denied and they were flown back to Sri Lanka within the month . Gordon Thompson said he had not been informed of this , and criticised the Morrison Government , accusing it of secrecy . Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton denied that any asylum seekers had been detained on Christmas Island , but did say more than 10 boats from Sri Lanka had been turned back before reaching the island . Anthony Albanese , leader of the opposition Labor Party , sought a security brief from the Government on the matter .
On 30 August 2019 , a Tamil asylum seeker family were taken by chartered jet from detention in Melbourne , with the intention of returning them to Sri Lanka . A last minute court injunction prevented the removal of the family from Australia , and forced the jet to land in Darwin . The next day , a plane took the family to the Christmas Island detention centre .
Coronavirus quarantine : February 2020
On 29 January 2020 , Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced a plan to evacuate `` isolated and vulnerable '' Australian citizens from Wuhan and Hubei Province amid the coronavirus pandemic , taking them to the Christmas Island for quarantine for 14 days . On 31 January , medical experts were sent from Australia to prepare the centre as a quarantine facility . On 3 February , about 240 Australian citizens , including 84 children and five infants , were flown out of Wuhan on a Qantas evacuation flight to the Australian mainland and then flown on smaller planes to Christmas Island to spend two weeks at the `` repurposed '' facility . Another 35 Australians flown out of Wuhan on an Air New Zealand flight were transferred to Christmas Island from Brisbane .
2022 riot
In late March 2022 , the New Zealand broadcaster Māori Television obtained footage showing bruised and bleeding New Zealand male detainees being zip-tied to furniture in a dining area within the detention centre . Route 501 founder and justice advocate Filipa Payne claimed that the men had been protesting treatment and conditions at the facility . She also alleged that members of the Emergency Response Team ( ERT ) had beaten the detainees with steel pipes and batons despite them complying with orders to cease resistance . These New Zealand detainees were facing deportation to New Zealand under the `` character test '' within Section 501 of the Migration Act 1958 . Many of these deportees had lived most of their lives in Australia but had not taken up Australian citizenship .
Facility
The centre was constructed on a site , formerly a phosphate mining lease , at the north-western end of Christmas Island , next to the Christmas Island National Park . The A $ 208 million centres was built by Baulderstone from January 2005 until August 2007 , for the Department of Finance and Administration . It was finally completed in 2008 . It consists of eight accommodation units , education and recreation building , tennis courts and central sports area . Central facilities include induction/visiting area , main reception , administration centre , conference centre , kitchen , laundry and stores , medical centre and utilities building . External facilities include warehouse and visitor processing building .
In 2009 , the capacity of the centre was increased to 1800 places and in early 2010 to 2040 places . In February 2010 , the Federal Government announced to further increase the capacity to between 2200 and 2300 places `` within a couple of weeks '' . In April 2010 there were 2208 people in detention .
In June 2013 a surge of asylum-seekers resulted in the detention facilities exceeding their designed capacity . Regular operating capacity is 1094 people , with a 'contingency capacity ' of 2724 . After the interception of four boats in six days carrying 350 , the Immigration Department said there were 2960 `` irregular maritime arrivals '' being held .
Serco , a private contractor , manages the operations of immigration detention centres on behalf of the Australian government . Property services are provided by CI Resources , which also operates a phosphate mine on the Island .
See also
Immigrant health in Australia
List of Australian immigration detention facilities
References
External links
Immigration Detention Facilities page at the Department of Immigration and Citizenship website
Immigration detention centres and prisons of Australia
Prisons in Christmas Island
Government buildings completed in 2006
Private prisons in Australia
2006 establishments in Australia
Serco
Quarantine facilities designated for the COVID-19 pandemic
Plagiobothrys arizonicus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Arizona popcornflower .
Distribution
The plant is native to the southwestern United States , California , and Sonora ( Mexico ) . It is a common wildflower in many types of mountain , Mojave Desert and Sonoran Desert , and California chaparral and woodland habitats .
Description
Plagiobothrys arizonicus is an annual herb with a spreading or erect stem 10 to 40 centimeters in length . The leaves are located in a basal rosette about the stem , with smaller ones along the length of the stem . The plant is coated in long , rough , sharp hairs . The herbage leaks a staining purple juice when crushed .
The inflorescence is a series of regular bracts and tiny flowers , each five-lobed white corolla less than 3 millimeters wide . The paired nutlets are arch-shaped and not prickly .
References
External links
Calflora Database : Plagiobothrys arizonicus ( Arizona popcorn flower )
Jepson Manual eFlora ( TJM2 ) treatment
UC Photos gallery
arizonicus
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of California
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of Sonora
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Taxa named by Asa Gray
M-34 is an east–west state trunkline highway in the southeastern region of the US state of Michigan . It has a western terminus near Osseo on M-99 and runs through forest and farm lands to its eastern terminus at Business US Highway 223 ( BUS US 223 ) and M-52 in Adrian . The highway serves a number of smaller communities in the area and intersects two US Highways while carrying between 4,200 and 11,300 vehicles on a daily basis .
M-34 was designated and signed with the beginning of the state highway system around July 1 , 1919 , along a route that extended to either end of its current routing . These western and eastern extensions were added to other highways during the 1920s , shortening M-34 to roughly its current length . A few more changes were made in the mid-1950s and 1960s resulting in the modern routing . M-34 has a short , unsigned sibling , Connector 34 , which is better known as Industrial Drive in the Adrian area .
Route description
M-34 begins at an intersection with M-99 just west of Osseo . M-99 approaches Osseo from the west along Hudson Road and where M-99 turns south along Pioneer Road , M-34 continues east along Hudson Road . The highway turns to the southeast to the south of Osseo near Deer Lake and continues towards Pittsford . Hudson Road runs through a mix of forests and local farms . The trunkline passes to the south of the main business district in Pittsford . East of town , the highway turns east and intersects US Highway 127 ( US 127 ) at the Hillsdale–Lenawee county line in Hudson . The trunkline continues eastward through the city of Hudson as Main Street . On the eastern edge of town , it becomes Carleton Road and passes through more farmland . Just south of Clayton , M-34 has a junction with the northern terminus of M-156 , a connector highway that runs south into Ohio and US 20 .
Approximately four miles ( 6.4 km ) east of that junction , M-34 turns north for about two miles ( 3.2 km ) along Benner Highway and passes through the community of Cadmus . At the end of its course along Benner Highway , M-34 turns east towards Adrian on Beecher Road . There are some residential subdivisions along the road on the southwest side of Adrian . M-34 intersects Industrial Drive and crosses US 223 and Beecher Road becomes Beecher Street in town . The trunkline continues east and terminates at the intersection of Beecher and Main streets where it meets BUS US 223/M-52 .
M-34 is maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) like other state highways in Michigan . As a part of these maintenance responsibilities , the department tracks the volume of traffic that uses the roadways under its jurisdiction . These volumes are expressed using a metric called annual average daily traffic , which is a statistical calculation of the average daily number of vehicles on a segment of roadway . MDOT 's surveys in 2010 showed that the highest traffic levels along M-34 were the 11,302 vehicles daily immediately east of the BUS US 223/M-52 junction in Adrian ; the lowest counts were the 4,166 vehicles per day between Hudson and the M-156 junction . No section of M-34 has been listed on the National Highway System , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility .
History
When the state highway system was signed around July 1 , 1919 , M-34 started in Jonesville at an intersection with M-23 along the present-day alignment of M-99 . The highway ran to Adrian along its present route and continued southeasterly along present-day US 223 through Blissfield , where it terminated at the Ohio state line near Sylvania , Ohio . In 1924 , the western terminus of the highway was extended to Homer where it terminated at M-60 . Just a few years later , in 1926 , the western terminus was truncated , to end at Hillsdale , with the remainder to Jonesville becoming an extension of the M-64 of the day . At the same time , the eastern segment of M-34 from Adrian to the border was assumed into the US 127 corridor , therefore , scaling the terminus back to US 127 ( now US 223 ) .
In 1954 , a new US 223 bypass was built around Adrian , resulting in the relocation of M-34 to end at BUS US 223/M-52 . Finally , in 1966 , when a new alignment of M-99 highway was opened , the western terminus of M-34 was scaled back to end at the new highway near Osseo . In 2003 , the short connector between M-34 and US 223 was abandoned and obliterated . Industrial Drive , which is known internally at MDOT as Connector 34 , is a new connector between the two highways that was assumed into the state trunkline system at the same time .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
M-34 at Michigan Highways
034
Transportation in Hillsdale County , Michigan
Transportation in Lenawee County , Michigan
Sungai Durian , or `` Durian River '' , also called Sei Durian is a village in the district of Banua Lawas , Tabalong Regency in the province of South Kalimantan , Indonesia .
The village had 837 inhabitants as of the 2010 census .
Notes
Sources
Populated places in South Kalimantan
Carenum cognatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1895 .
References
cavipenne
Beetles described in 1895
Rock River Generating Station was an electrical power station located north of Beloit , Wisconsin in the town of Beloit at 827 ( West Beloit Rock ) W. B. R. Townline Road on the west bank of the Rock River . The facility was owned and operated by Wisconsin Power and Light , a wholly owned subsidiary of Alliant Energy .
History
The facility opened in the early 1950s and consists of two Babcock & Wilcox cyclone boilers each with one steam turbine . Originally designed to burn Illinois Basin bituminous coal supplied by rail car or barge , the site switched to natural gas or lower sulfur Powder River Basin coal . Additionally , a 30 MW combustion turbine was added in 1967 and two 50 MW combustion turbines were added between 1972 and 1977 . As of 2000 , the boilers were capable of operating on a variety of fuel sources , including natural gas , Powder River Basin coal , # 2 fuel oil and tire-derived fuel . Coal has not been burned at the site since 2007 because the facility closed the landfill it had used for fly ash . Coal burning boilers , Unit 1 and 2 , were officially retired April 1 , 2010 . Electricity was generated via steam turbines and process water was taken from the Rock River .
On June 25 , 2016 , a worker was killed as the plant was being demolished . Demolition was expected to be completed by the end of 2016 .
Adjacent facilities
An Alliant maintenance facility , Southern Area , and Riverside Energy Center , a 603 MW combined cycle natural gas facility , formerly owned by Calpine , are located adjacent to the station .
A second combined cycle natural gas plant was approved for construction March 31 , 2016 at Riverside Energy Center , just west of the Rock River Generating station .
Gallery
See also
List of power stations in Wisconsin
References
External links
Energy infrastructure completed in 1952
Energy infrastructure completed in 1953
Buildings and structures in Rock County , Wisconsin
Historic American Engineering Record in Wisconsin
Natural gas-fired power stations in Wisconsin
Alliant Energy
Aninoasa is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Aninoasa , Bobaia , Costești , Groșerea and Sterpoaia .
Natives
Ilie Văduva
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
The Harrington Legionnaire is an passenger coach body built by Thomas Harrington Ltd in Hove , Sussex between 1963 and 1965 . It was built on three-axle Bedford VAL , two-axle Ford Thames 676E , and two specials on Guy Victory tram bus chassis .
The design was never a success and very few were built .
Design
The Harrington Legionnaire was a square-rigged body with straight waist rail and five deep windows per side . It also differed from the company 's Cavalier and Grenadier models by having plated window surrounds ; a large brightwork grille with twin headlights ; and a Grenadier-style front windscreen duplicated as a rear door . Above the windscreen was a destination box or illuminated nameboard beneath a prominent peak .
At the rear the illuminated nameboard was inside the rear glass and fitted the other way about to the front , meaning the first and last pillars had a pronounced forward rake to them whilst all the others were vertical . The cantrail flat above it was a roof section of very shallow curvature .
The Mark 2 following in 1964 for the final two seasons omitted this flat cantrail and had a roof of compound curvature , which reduced the tall square effect of the original but reduced space in the overhead luggage racks .
The Italian Job
The Harrington was featured in the 1969 film , The Italian Job , Legionnaire bodied Bedford VAL14 'ALR 453B ' , new in April 1964 to Batten of London .
For use in the film , it was modified to reinforce the bulkhead behind the driver 's seat to allow the Mini Cooper S getaway cars to be driven into the bus safely . Even still , there was enough force in the event to push the driver into the steering wheel .
True to the film story , the destination displays on the coach showed London-Turin and then the opposite at the end of the film . It also displays 'Charlie Croker 's Coach Tours ' logos on the rear and both flanks , a reference to Michael Caine 's character .
After the film , in 1969 , it was converted back to a coach by William Marshall of Blackpool . In 1971 it was in use by Edmund Birch of Liverpool , who ran it as 'Wendy 's Coaches . ' It was then acquired by dealer Andrew Drummond , Harthill , Scotland , who sold it to James Meffan in Kirriemuir , Scotland . It was then purchaed by Archie Cromer of Bridge Garage , Anstruther , and converted into a racing car transporter/caravan . It then became a horesbox , in 1983 , and a motorcycle/sidecar transporter in 1986 . In 1990 it was broken for scrap by Bill Davie of Fife . Corgi Toys released a sought-after gift set which included the three Mini Cooper cars ( albeit incorrectly modelled on much newer Minis ) in 1:36 scale and a 1:50 scale Plaxton Panorama 1-bodied Bedford VAL coach , in place of the Harrington Legionnaire which accuracy demanded .
See also
List of buses
References
External links
Harrington Legionnaire
Listing of all Harringtons ever built
Buses of the United Kingdom
Coaches ( bus )
Single-deck buses
Step-entrance buses
Vehicles introduced in 1963
Townsend Park is a small urban park in Albany , New York . It encompasses a triangle of land formed by the Y-intersection of Central and Washington avenues ( north and south borders respectively ) , with the third ( western ) border formed by Henry Johnson Boulevard .
History
A fence enclosure was put around the park in 1833 , by nearby residents and the park was christened Washington Park after George Washington with the intentions of erecting a statue in his honor , but the city later changed the name in honor of former Mayor John Townsend , Washington going to nearby former State Street Parade Grounds as Washington Park .
In 1928 a Spanish–American War monument was erected in the western end of the park .
In 2009 as part of an effort to spruce up the park the Central Avenue Business Improvement District ( BID ) removed the park benches and picnic tables and replaced them with metal mesh topped poles . Some of those who work in the area protested the removal of the benches by the organization as an attempt to limit public accessibility , particular the comfort and availability to use the new seating by the disabled . Since the benches have been removed , crime rates within the park have significantly decreased and vacancies have decreased . According to Albany Police Department 's Crime Analysis Center 's statistics , in the last five years crime has decreased from 113 total crimes in 2009 to 73 in 2013 ( 13 percent total . ) In addition , the neighborhood has become a center for ethnic restaurants , featuring Caribbean , African , Middle Eastern and several Indian restaurants .
Spanish–American War Monument
The Spanish–American War Monument is a tall monument of a bronze statue of a US soldier marching into battle , rifle leading the way . It was sculpted by Dave Lithgow and erected in 1928 . The statue commemorates the four companies of the First Provisional Regiment of the 10th Battalion which was located at the nearby Washington Avenue Armory . During the war they were sent to Hawaii due to concerns of an eminent Spanish attack , which never occurred .
Inscribed around the base are several inscriptions , a different location in the war is inscribed on each of the four sides . Hawaii on the east ( back ) side , Porto Rico { sic } on the south side , Philippines on the north side , and Cuba on the west ( front ) side . A bronze cross on the front is inscribed with `` United Spanish War Veterans 1898-1902 '' and below that the inscription `` Erected by the City of Albany July 22 , 1928 in Memory of Those Who Served Their Country in the Spanish American War–William S. Hackett John Boyd Thacher 2nd Mayors . ''
Activities
Though a small park ( roughly ) Townsend Park still manages to be used for activities by the neighborhood and city-at-large . Chess became a favorite activity after the nearby Albany Public Library main branch banned the activity .
Since 2014 , the park is also regularly used by Food Not Bombs in Albany during the warmer seasons for free vegan community meals .
References
Parks in Albany , New York
Urban public parks
Lina Esco is an American actress , producer , director and activist . She gained recognition in 2007 for portraying Jimmy Smits ' character 's daughter in the CBS television drama Cane . Esco has also performed in films , including London ( 2005 ) , Kingshighway ( 2010 ) , LOL ( 2012 ) , and Free the Nipple . She is also known for portraying SWAT officer Christina `` Chris '' Alonso in S.W.A.T ..
Career
Esco was cast in her first television guest star role in 2006 , as Angie Watson in series CSI : NY . In March , 2007 Esco joined the cast of the CBS drama Cane . In 2009 , she guest starred in an episode of the Drop Dead Diva series with Paula Abdul . Esco played a lingerie model who had been fired for going public about her breast cancer survival story .
In February 2011 , Esco was slated to join the cast of Fox 's pilot Exit Strategy . Described as a high octane procedural set in the world of CIA agents who are sent in to `` fix '' operations gone bad . The cast included Ethan Hawke , Megan Dodds and with Antoine Fuqua directing . Esco was to play Mia , an MIT graduate and computer expert from South Boston . In 2014 , Esco was cast in Ryan Murphy 's pilot for HBO alongside Michelle Monaghan , Wes Bentley , Scott Speedman , and Jennifer Jason Leigh .
Esco 's film debut was in 2005 with London . She is a supporting character in the 2012 comedy LOL .
Esco acted on `` S.W.A.T . '' since its first season in 2017 . She played Officer III Christina `` Chris '' Alonso . Following the show 's season five finale , Esco confirmed she was leaving the series to pursue other projects .
Producing and directing
In April 2010 , Esco produced `` My Friend is ... '' , a public service announcement for the Academy Award-winning documentary The Cove alongside Oscar-winning producer Fisher Stevens joined forces with a number of celebrities to bring awareness on the annual killing of dolphins in Taiji , Japan .
She directed `` Kids Speak Out Against Dolphin Captivity '' , a 2012 public service announcement for The Cove . She directed Free the Nipple in a bid to circumvent female nipple censorship .
She directed and starred in Free the Nipple , which was released in select theaters , video on demand and on iTunes on December 12 , 2014 .
Other work
Esco has been showcased in various commercial , music videos , magazines and publications . In 2001 , she was featured in the Sinéad O'Connor music video `` Jealous '' . She appears briefly in Moby 's music video for `` Southside '' featuring Gwen Stefani . She was also an extra for a series of Axe commercials one including with Nick Lachey for the `` Clix '' campaign in 2007 . Esco also features in Halos 's music video for `` Amalgam '' in 2010 .
On January 12 , 2011 , it was reported that Lina would be showcased on the Louis Vuitton 's jewelry collection for the Spring/Summer 2011 . The campaign featured sixteen `` It '' girls from around the globe that included Alexandra Richards , Annabelle Dexter Jones , Mary Charteris , Alka Balbir , Mohini Geisweiller , DJette Clara 3000 , Charlotte Lebon , Hailey Gates , Nathalie Love and Rinko Kikuchi .
On May 16 , 2011 , Esco was featured in Ketel One ad campaign `` Gentlemen , This is Vodka . '' directed by Academy Award Nominee , David O. Russell .
Esco is in a 2013 NFL Women 's Apparel Collection TV advertisement .
In 2017 , Esco was featured on the Audience network 's Midnight Snack on Fullscreen ( What 's Underneath ) , where the guests remove their clothing on camera while talking about their life .
Activism and philanthropy
Esco has supported many foundations and organizations throughout her career .
Esco has been very involved in two organizations . Dolphin Project , which has gained much support from many celebrities , is an organization led by Richard O'Barry and aims to prevent dolphin slaughter and exploitation from occurring . On September 9 , 2009 , Esco held a private screening of The Cove in New York , alongside Russell Simmons and Fisher Stevens hosting the event to bring awareness on the film .
Esco may be best known for how involved she is in women 's rights and the Free the Nipple campaign . The organization , as Esco states , is to promote sexual equality . Free the Nipple has attracted attention from numerous celebrities including Courtney Love and Miley Cyrus , who also has a song on the soundtrack of the Free the Nipple movie and continues to strongly support the organization .
In December 2018 , Esco began campaigning for overturning Cyntoia Brown 's murder conviction .
Esco has been outspoken in advocating against sexual harassment ( including recounting her own by Harvey Weinstein ) and publicly calls on US states to pass the Equal Rights Amendment that would enshrine gender equality in the US 's Constitution .
Personal life
Esco is of Colombian descent .
In 2017 she stated Harvey Weinstein had sexually harassed her , and that this had not been her only experience of sexual harassment . She has also spoken of being raped twice , while discussing the Me Too movement .
Filmography
Actress
Producer
References
External links
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from California
American child actresses
American film actresses
American people of Colombian descent
American television actresses
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
Latina and Hispanic feminists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
mr : जेनिफर ऍनिस्टन
ta : ஜெனிபர் அனிஸ்டன்
te : జెన్నిఫర్ అనిస్టన్
Retinoschisis is an eye disease characterized by the abnormal splitting of the retina 's neurosensory layers , usually in the outer plexiform layer . Retinoschisis can be divided into degenerative forms which are very common and almost exclusively involve the peripheral retina and hereditary forms which are rare and involve the central retina and sometimes the peripheral retina . The degenerative forms are asymptomatic and involve the peripheral retina only and do not affect the visual acuity . Some rarer forms result in a loss of vision in the corresponding visual field .
Almost all cases are X-linked recessive and caused by a mutation in the retinoschisin gene ( RS1 ) .
Classification
Hereditary
X linked juvenile retinoschisis
Familial foveal retinoschisis
Tractional
Exudative
Secondary to Optic disc pit
Degenerative
Typical
Reticular
Degenerative retinoschisis
This type of retinoschisis is very common with a prevalence of up to 7 percent in normal persons . Its cause is unknown . It can easily be confused with retinal detachment by the non-expert observer and in difficult cases even the expert may have difficulty differentiating the two . Such differentiation is important since retinal detachment almost always requires treatment while retinoschisis never itself requires treatment and leads to retinal detachment ( and hence to visual loss ) only occasionally . Unfortunately one still sees cases of uncomplicated retinoschisis treated by laser retinopexy or cryopexy in an attempt to stop its progression towards the macula . Such treatments are not only ineffective but unnecessarily risk complications . There is no documented case in the literature of degenerative retinoschisis itself ( as opposed to the occasional situation of retinal detachment complicating retinoschisis ) in which the splitting of the retina has progressed through the fovea . There is no clinical utility in differentiating between typical and reticular retinoschisis . Degenerative retinoschisis is not known to be a genetically inherited condition .
There is always vision loss in the region of the schisis as the sensory retina is separated from the ganglion layer . But as the loss is in the periphery , it goes unnoticed . It is the very rare schisis that encroaches on the macula where retinopexy is then properly used .
Hereditary retinoschisis
Hereditary retinoschisis is derived from a defective retinoschisin protein , which is due to an X-linked genetic defect . The genetic form of this disease usually starts during childhood and is called X-linked Juvenile Retinoschisis ( XLRS ) or Congenital Retinoschisis . Affected males are usually identified in grade school , but occasionally are identified as young infants .
It is estimated that this much less common form of retinoschisis affects one in 5,000 to 25,000 individuals , primarily young males . Schisis is derived from the Greek word meaning splitting , describing the splitting of the retinal layers from each other . However , schisis is a word fragment , and the term retinoschisis should be used , as should the term iridoschisis when describing splitting of the iris . If the retinoschisis involves the macula , then the high-resolution central area of vision used to view detail is lost , and this is one form of macular disease . Although it might be described by some as a `` degeneration '' , the term macular degeneration should be reserved for the specific disease `` age-related macular degeneration '' .
Very few affected individuals go completely blind from retinoschisis , but some sufferers have very limited reading vision and are `` legally blind '' . Visual acuity can be reduced to less than 20/200 in both eyes . Individuals affected by XLRS are at an increased risk for retinal detachment and eye hemorrhage , among other potential complications .
Retinoschisis causes acuity loss in the center of the visual field through the formation of tiny cysts in the retina , often forming a `` spoke-wheel '' pattern that can be very subtle . The cysts are usually only detectable by a trained clinician . In some cases vision can not be improved by glasses , as the nerve tissue itself is damaged by these cysts .
The National Eye Institute ( NEI ) of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) is conducting clinical and genetic studies of X-Linked Juvenile Retinoschisis . This study began in 2003 and as of 2018 is continuing to recruit patients . A better understanding of why and how XLRS develops might lead to improved treatments . Males diagnosed with X-linked juvenile retinoschisis and females who are suspected carriers may be eligible to participate . In addition to giving a medical history and submitting medical records , participants submit a blood sample and the NEI will perform a genetic analysis . There is no cost to participate in this study .
Tractional retinoschisis
This may be present in conditions causing traction on the retina especially at the macula . This may occur in :
a ) The vitreomacular traction syndrome ; b ) Proliferative diabetic retinopathy with vitreoretinal traction ; c ) Atypical cases of impending macular hole .
Exudative retinoschisis
Retinoschisis involving the central part of the retina secondary to an optic disc pit was erroneously considered to be a serous retinal detachment until correctly described by Lincoff as retinoschisis . Significant visual loss may occur and following a period of observation for spontaneous resolution , treatment with temporal peripapillary laser photocoagulation followed by vitrectomy and gas injection followed by face-down positioning is very effective in treating this condition .
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of the disease is usually made during an examination of the back of the eye ( fundus ) where any splits , tears or rips may be seen . One diagnostic tool is optical coherence tomography ( OCT ) , which that uses light waves to create images of the retina and based on ophthalmoscopy with scleral depression and contact lens examination . The fellow eye should also be examined .
Treatment
Retinoschisis usually does n't require treatment aside from glasses to improve vision . However , some children with X-linked retinoschisis may have bleeding in their eye . This can be treated with either laser therapy or cryosurgery . In rare cases , children may need surgery to stop the bleeding .
As of 2022 , a clinical trial of gene therapy to treat XLRS was ongoing . After 1 year , the paper concluded that the therapy `` was generally safe and well tolerated but failed to demonstrate a measurable treatment effect '' .
References
External links
GeneReview/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on X-Linked Juvenile Retinoschisis
X-linked juvenile retinoschisis on Genetics Home Reference
NCBI Genetic Testing Registry
Disorders of choroid and retina
The 1954 North Carolina College Eagles football team was an American football team that represented North Carolina College in the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( CIAA ) during the 1954 college football season . In their tenth season under head coach Herman Riddick , the Eagles compiled a 7–1–1 record ( 6–0–1 against conference opponents ) , defeated Tennessee State in the National Classic , and outscored all opponents by a total of 180 to 57 . The Eagles were recognized as a 1954 black college national co-champion .
Schedule
References
North Carolina College
North Carolina Central Eagles football seasons
Black college football national champions
North Carolina College Eagles football
Benevolence or Benevolent may refer to :
Benevolent ( band )
Benevolence ( phrenology ) , a faculty in the discredited theory of phrenology
`` Benevolent '' ( song ) , a song by Tory Lanez
Benevolence ( tax ) , a forced loan imposed by English kings from the 14th to 17th centuries
USS Benevolence ( AH-13 ) , a Haven-class hospital ship
Benevolence , Georgia , a community in the United States
See also
Altruism
Good and evil
Mettā , benevolence in Buddhism
Omnibenevolence
Ren ( Confucianism )
Suseni is a commune in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of ten villages : Burdești , Cerșani , Chirițești , Gălășești , Odăeni , Pădureni , Strâmbeni , Suseni , Ștefănești and Țuțulești .
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Nathaniel Bowman ( 1608–1682 ) was the first Bowman immigrant to be among the earliest settlers of the Massachusetts Bay colony . He had the rank of gentlemen in the public records , indicating that he came from some distinguished English stock . On October 19 , 1630 , he applied to the general court , but his name does n't appear on the list of applicants granted the oath of Freeman . He was one of the original proprietors of Watertown , Massachusetts . Around 1650 , he removed to the Parish of Cambridge Farms ( Lexington ) where many of his descendants have lived .
See also
13 Colonies
Richard Saltonstall ( 1586–1661 ) , led the settlement of Watertown in 1630
New England Confederation ( 1643–1684 )
New World
Notes
References
Crane , E ( 1907 ) . `` Historic Homes and Institutions and Genealogical and Personal Memoirs of Worcester County , Massachusetts , with a History of Worcester Society of Antiquity '' , The Lewis Publishing Company .
Morris , T ( 1894 ) . `` Ephraim and Pamela ( Converse ) Morris Their Ancestors and Descendants '' , S.N .
People from Watertown , Massachusetts
People of colonial Massachusetts
1610 births
1682 deaths
David Cameron Morrell ( 6 November 1929–19 March 2012 ) was a medical doctor , primary care pioneer and president British Medical Association ( BMA ) . He was the first academic general practitioner to become president of the BMA .
Early life
Morrell was born on 6 November 1929 in Wimbledon , London , England . He studied at St Mary 's Hospital Medical School and qualified in 1953 .
Medical career
Morrell worked for five years in health service practice in Hoddesdon , Hertfordshire . In 1962 he moved to the university department of general practice in Edinburgh in West Richmond Street . In 1967 he moved to St Thomas 's Hospital Medical School and was appointed Wolfson Professor of General Practice in 1974 . He authored a book , the Art of General Practice , published in 1991 .
He retired from clinical practice in 1993 and was elected as BMA president in 1994 .
Awards and honours
Morrell was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 1982 Birthday Honours . He received a Papal Knighthood the same year .
He died on 19 March 2012 .
References
1929 births
2012 deaths
Alumni of St Mary 's Hospital Medical School
People associated with St Thomas 's Hospital Medical School
20th-century English medical doctors
British general practitioners
Fellows of the Royal College of General Practitioners
Presidents of the British Medical Association
The Madonna del Prato ( Madonna of the Meadow ) , formally Madonna with the Christ Child and Saint John the Baptist , is an oil on board painting by Raphael , created in 1506 , now held in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna . It is also known as the Madonna del Belvedere after its long residence in the imperial collection in the Vienna Belvedere .
Subject
The painting was executed by twenty-three-year-old Raphael within months of his 1504–1505 arrival in Florence . The scene represents the figures of the Virgin Mary , the infant Jesus , and an infant John the Baptist shown in a calm grassy meadow , in a pyramidal arrangement linked by their gazes . Mary is wearing a gold-bordered blue mantle set against a red dress , extending her right leg along a diagonal . The blue symbolizes the church and the red Christ 's death , with the Madonna touching hands with Jesus the uniting of Mother Church with Christ 's sacrifice . Her eyes fixed on John , her head turned to the left and slightly inclined , and her hands steady him as he leans forward unsteadily to touch the miniature cross held by John . The poppy refers to Christ 's passion , death and resurrection . The painting depicts a peaceful , tender and idyllic moment , disturbed only by child Jesus 's grabbing at the cross held by John the Baptist , which hints to the forthcoming Passion of Jesus . This kind of serene and harmonious composition was held in very high regard by Renaissance patrons and earned Raphael a commission to paint a fresco for the Pope at the Vatican stanze in Rome .
Technique
For this painting , as well as in others such as the Madonna of the Goldfinch , Raphael followed the techniques of Leonardo da Vinci ( who was also in Florence at the time ) in blocking its subjects in pyramidal form ; this can be observed in such works as Leonardo 's Virgin of the Rocks . A red-chalk composition study , one of many preparatory drawings for the painting made by Raphael , is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
In 1983 , the Chief Conservator for Paintings at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna removed the retouchings and varnish that deformed the Madonna of the Meadow . Restoration revealed that this painting 's structure is similar to that of the Small Cowper Madonna , and consists of translucent oil glazes , opaque underpaint and gesso ground . Furthermore , the observed damages were caused by the same factors , namely Raphael 's painting technique in the robe and mantle . In the Madonna of the Meadow , the blue robe is disfigured by a wide craquelure provoked by the uneven drying of the oil layers . Additionally , the painting is characterized by a great depth of shadows and a subtle interplay of the cool and warm tones that model the flesh . A bluish undertone , visible in the shadows and edges of the panel , underlies the creamy white and pink of the flesh . Moreover , close examination of the work suggests that the sky was painted after the figures were executed , since the blue brush strokes appear to follow the contours of the figures and are perceptible not only on the surface but also in x-radiographs . When examined using infra-red techniques , the Madonna of the Meadow also betrays an underdrawing , completed when the design was transferred onto the panel ; the marks left by this transfer are clear , and the lines that connect them are precise , illuminating the artist 's process .
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
References
Footnotes
Citations
External links
1506 paintings
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Paintings in the collection of the Kunsthistorisches Museum
Paintings depicting John the Baptist
Nude art
The Jenny Lake Boat Concession Facilities , also known as Reimer 's Cabin and the Wort Boathouse , are a group of buildings on Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park . They include a dock , a boathouse , two employee cabins and Reimer 's Cabin . The boathouse was built by concessioner Charles Wort , who held the original U.S. Forest Service use permit from the time before the establishment of Grand Teton National Park , when the lands and lake were under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service . Robert Reimer took over the concession by 1935 and built a personal residence in 1937 . The log cabin is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style .
The Jenny Lake developed area includes the Jenny Lake Ranger Station Historic District and Jenny Lake CCC Camp NP-4 . Reimer 's Cabin was built in 1937 for Robert `` Dick '' Reimer , who took over the boat concession in 1935 . Plans for the cabin were approved by the National Park Service landscape Division , which also supervised construction .
The Jenny Lake boat concession facilities were placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 , 1998 .
See also
Wort Hotel , another Wort family venture , and
Signal Mountain Lodge , operated by the Worts in the 1940s
Historical buildings and structures of Grand Teton National Park
References
External links
Jenny Lake Historic District at Grand Teton National Park
Grand Teton Historic Resource Study : Tourists National Park Service
Jenny Lake Boat Concession Facilities at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Commercial buildings completed in 1937
National Park Service rustic in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Grand Teton National Park
National Register of Historic Places in Grand Teton National Park
1937 establishments in Wyoming
Contour drawing is an art technique in which the artist sketches the style of the subject by drawing lines that result in a drawing that is essentially an outline ( the French word meaning `` outline '' ) . The purpose of contour drawing is to emphasize the mass and volume of the subject rather than the detail ; the focus is on the outlined shape of the subject and not the minor details . However , because contour can convey a three-dimensional perspective , length and width as well as thickness and depth are important ; not all contours exist along the outlines of a subject . This technique is manifested in different styles and practiced in drawing development and learning .
Importance
Contour drawing is an essential technique in the field of art because it is a strong foundation for any drawing or painting ; it can potentially modify a subjects ' form through variation within the lines . It is widely accepted among schools , art institutions , and colleges as an effective training aid and discipline for beginner artists . In the hands of a talented master , the line that conveys contour can deliver an astonishing amount of visual delight .
Technique
In a continuous-line drawing , the artist looks both at the subject and the paper , moving the medium over the paper , and creating a silhouette of the object . Like blind contour drawing , contour drawing is an artful experience that relies more on sensation than perception ; it 's important to be guided by instinct . To make a blind contour drawing , an artist does not look at the paper or canvas on which they are working on . Another technique similar to contour drawing is outline drawing ; a division between form and the space a subject occupies . All three types of drawing are considered to be gesture drawings ; the practice of drawing a series of bodies in still form . An outline drawing does not include the visual amusement of human sight , while a contour drawing contains form , weight , mass , space , and distance .
Styles
By altering the character of the mark , an artist can emulate many aspects of the subject that relate form and space to the viewer . For example , a line can be lighter in value ( gradation ) to suggest greater distance between objects in the drawing . A darker portion of the contour could represent an object with little or no light source ; the space is compressed or the object is lower . Continuous lines used inside the outline of a subject can add accent or cast shadow , depending on the value of the line .
Practice
The purpose of drawing blindly is to force the artist 's eye to move along the contour of the subject as their pencil moves along the paper . Initially , this type of drawing may be difficult and slow , but an artist will find that with practice , it is an effective way of defining observation skills such as identifying and underlying the structure of the subject , relating forms , and conveying the sensual experience of the subject . Through thorough practice in this style , they will be skilled at drawing anything quickly and successively .
References
Artistic techniques
Drawing
Lionheart is the second studio album by English art rock singer Kate Bush . It was released in November 1978 , just nine months after Bush 's successful debut album The Kick Inside . Lionheart reached no . 6 on the UK Albums Chart ( her only album not to make the top 5 ) and has been certified Platinum by the BPI .
The first single taken from the album , `` Hammer Horror '' , missed the UK Top 40 . However , the follow-up single , `` Wow '' , was released on the back of Bush 's UK tour and became a UK Top 20 hit .
Overview
Background
Following the success of her debut album , Kate Bush 's record company EMI were eager to get another out . Bush had composed many songs throughout her teens ( she was at this time 19 years old ) and the majority of the tracks used for Lionheart were compositions from before her debut . Bush , however , was unhappy with the short length of time she had in which to produce the album . Recorded entirely at Super Bear Studios in Berre-les-Alpes on the French Riviera , this was to be her only album recorded outside the UK . Of the ten tracks , only `` Symphony in Blue '' , `` Fullhouse '' and `` Coffee Homeground '' were newly composed songs , although the other songs had been reworked by Bush in preparation for the recording . The album was produced , like her first , by Andrew Powell , with Bush feeling that she was at this stage too inexperienced to produce it herself ( she would go on to produce all her following albums ) . Since the album 's release , Bush has many times said that she was unhappy with this album because of the restrictions imposed on it . In a 1989 interview she remarked : `` Considering how quickly we made if it 's a bloody good album , but I 'm not really happy with it '' .
Literary references include J. M. Barrie 's Peter Pan in `` In Search of Peter Pan '' ( a song which also quotes `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' from the Disney film Pinocchio ) , as well as a nod towards Arsenic and Old Lace in the song `` Coffee Homeground '' , which despite being similar in plot to the play , was inspired by a taxi driver who drove Bush once . Film references include `` Hammer Horror '' , while although taking its name from the Hammer Film studios , is actually about a production of The Hunchback of Notre Dame . The British television show The Sweeney , a popular police drama from the 1970s , was mentioned in the lyrics of the song `` Wow '' , which is a song about the music business and show business in general . `` Kashka from Baghdad '' , inspired by American detective series , is about the inhabitants of a town wondering about a couple living in an old house .
Lionheart was the first Kate Bush album to feature Del Palmer , who played bass and had previously been in the KT Bush Band . Palmer went on to play bass , or to engineer and record on every subsequent Kate Bush album up to and including 50 Words for Snow ( 2011 ) . He and Bush also had a long-term relationship between the late 1970s and early 1990s .
Release
The album was released in November 1978 , the title being taken from side one 's closing track `` Oh England My Lionheart '' . The front cover shot depicts Bush in an attic wearing a lion outfit , which she described as being `` slightly comical '' . The photographer was Gered Mankowitz . The lead single chosen was `` Hammer Horror '' , which peaked at a low 44 in the UK ( although fared better in many other countries ) . The album however performed well in the UK , peaking at No . 6 . It remained on the chart well into 1979 , its promotion being continued by the second single and Bush 's UK tour . In total it spent 36 weeks on the chart and was certified Platinum by the BPI for sales of over 300,000 , making it one of Bush 's better-selling albums . The second single from the album was `` Wow '' , which was released in early 1979 . This fared better than the first , peaking at No . 14 in the UK and performing well in many other countries also . In some territories , `` Symphony in Blue '' was released instead . Around this time , Bush embarked on her first tour , which featured a number of songs from Lionheart – one of these ( `` Do n't Push Your Foot on the Heartbrake '' ) was included on the Onboard EP in September 1979 .
In the US , the album was initially unreleased following the failure of her debut . As Bush gained a cult following over the coming years however , Lionheart was belatedly released in 1984 following the entry into the charts of her fourth album The Dreaming .
Critical reception
Reception to the album was average , with the album almost universally being looked upon as an inferior version of her debut . NMEs Ian Penman wrote : `` 'Mature ' lyrics sung in that twee irritating schoolgirl-siren voice [ ... ] Actually most of the time she 's nearer a vague British lineage – Barbara Dickson to Lynsey de Paul – than a Joni/Janis wonderland '' . Record Mirror was not convinced and wrote about the performance between the musicians : `` The feel is often bland and soulless '' . Reviewer Chris Westwood concluded : `` A product which is at best moderate , lacking and often severely irritating ... This is flat conceived silliness . '' The American magazine Trouser Press rated it well , in particular the songs `` Symphony in Blue '' , `` In the Warm Room '' and `` Do n't Push Your Foot on the Heartbrake '' .
In a retrospective review for AllMusic , Mike DeGagne feels that the album lacks substance , while noting that Bush was capable of much better work . In a Guardian poll of Bush 's best albums , Lionheart placed lowly with just 2 % of the vote . While Bush herself has said that she was unhappy with the finished album , she has mentioned satisfaction with the track `` Wow '' .
Track listing
All tracks written by Kate Bush.Notes : '' In Search of Peter Pan '' contains an excerpt of `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' , written by Leigh Harline and Ned Washington .
Personnel
Kate Bush – vocals , piano , assistant arranger , harmony vocals ( 4 , 5 )
Andrew Powell – arranger , joanna strumentum ( 8 ) , harmonium ( 10 )
Duncan Mackay – Fender Rhodes ( 1 , 2 , 4 ) , synthesizer ( 3 , 9 , 10 )
4B – synthesizer ( 3 )
Francis Monkman – harpsichord ( 4 , 5 ) , Hammond organ ( 6 )
Richard Harvey – recorders ( 5 )
Ian Bairnson – electric guitar ( 1–4 , 6 , 10 ) , acoustic guitar ( 2 , 10 ) , rhythm guitar ( 9 )
Paddy Bush – mandolins ( 3 ) , harmony vocals ( 4 , 5 , 8 ) , slide guitar ( 4 ) , strumento de porco ( psaltery ) , mandocello and pan flute ( 8 )
Brian Bath – guitars ( 3 )
David Paton – bass guitar ( 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 9 )
Del Palmer – bass guitar ( 3 , 8 , 10 )
Stuart Elliott – drums ( 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 9 , 10 ) , percussion ( 1 , 8 , 9 )
Charlie Morgan – drums ( 3 , 8 )
David Katz – orchestral contractor ( for unnamed session orchestra : 9 , 10 ) Production '
Andrew Powell – producer
Kate Bush – assistant producer
Jon Kelly – recording engineer , mixing
Patrick Jaunead – assistant engineer
Nigel Walker – mixing assistant
Gered Mankowitz – art direction , photography
Richard Gray – sleeve design
John Carder Bush – front cover concept
Charts
Certifications and sales
References
Kate Bush albums
1978 albums
Albums produced by Andrew Powell
EMI Records albums
EMI America Records albums
Harvest Records albums
Art rock albums by English artists
Art pop albums
Baroque pop albums
LGBT-related albums
Emilio Bonfigli ( 22 August 1902 – 19 August 1987 ) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics . In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Daniel Daney .
References
External links
Italian Olympians BONF-BONI
1902 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from Ancona
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Italy
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Italian male boxers
Candy Dubois ( also known as Candy Santiago and born Candelaria Manso Seguel August 24 , 1942 – May 21 , 1995 ) was a Chilean dancer . She performed with the gender non-conforming group Blue Ballet , and worked with choreographer Paco Mairena .
Biography
Dubois was born as Candelaria Manso Seguel in Santiago on August 24 , 1942 . She was later raised by her paternal grandparents in Cartagena until she ran away at age ten . She eventually began to work as a dancer and was later discovered by choreographer , Paco Mairena . Mairena convinced Dubois to move to Santiago where she later joined the Blue Ballet , a group of performers who were gender non-conforming . Dubois performed with Blue Ballet for around twenty years , appearing in Chile and in Europe . In Europe , she used the stage name of Candy Santiago . She also performed at the Bim Bam Bum theater in Santiago . In Europe , Dubois underwent sex reassignment surgery . She later married a French man and took the name of Dubois . After touring Europe , Dubois returned to Chile in 1984 and opened a club called Le Trianon .
In 1994 , Dubois was diagnosed with lymphatic cancer . Her last performance took place in February 1995 at the Festival de la Canción de Viña del Mar . Dubois died on May 21 , 1995 .
References
External links
A blog about Candy Dubois , including photos
1942 births
1995 deaths
Chilean dancers
People from Santiago
Transgender entertainers
20th-century LGBT people
Pichit Ketsro ( , born March 15 , 1987 ) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a right back for Samut Sakhon in the Thai League 2 .
References
External links
Profile at Goal
https : //us.soccerway.com/players/pichit-ketsro/73326/
1987 births
Living people
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Association football midfielders
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Pichit Ketsro
Hendersons Store is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Lee Paje is a contemporary Filipino visual artist . She has shown her works in the Philippines , Taiwan , and Singapore . Her works explore themes of women and gender identity , myth-making , and unique contemporary lifestyles . In 2018 , she won the Don Papa Rum Art Competition . She has been in residency at Art Omi in New York and at Kapitana Gallery in Negros Occidental .
Biography
Lee Paje was born in 1980 . She graduated with a Magna Cum Laude distinction for her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree , major in Painting from the University of the Philippines Diliman , Quezon City .
Works
Paje works with mediums such as painting on copper , sculpture , and video to convey visual narratives that highlight inequity in relation to gender and identity . Some of her sculptural works include Teriapara ( oil on relief , 2011 ) and Sanctus Cunnus , choclit ( liqeuer-filled chocolates , 2011 ) both of which are reminiscent of female genitalia . Paje 's series of tondos , including Sunday Afternoon , oil and etching on copper , acrylic on steel wool ( 2014 ) and Mother and Child , oil and etching on copper , acrylic on steel wool ( 2014 ) , depict everyday scenes of love and familial relationships among the LGBTQ+ community , focusing not on the unconventionality of it , but its simple relationships .
Her most recent exhibition , 'Diin , San-O , Sin-O ( Where , When , Who ) ' at Kapitana Gallery featured works that she had produced during her two-month residency at the Kapitana Gallery , where she continued her exploration of the links between place and identity .
Exhibitions
2017
'Diin , San-O , Sin-O ( Where , When , Who ) ' at Kapitana Gallery
2016
'Unexpurgated ' at Tin-aw Art Gallery
2014
Art Taipei : Young Artist Discovery
2013
Philippine Art Trek at Gallery Sogan & Art
'Bigoted ' at Manila Contemporary
2011
'Mater Potestatem ' at Tin-aw Art Gallery
Features
Artsy
Art+ Magazine
Blouin Art Info
References
1980 births
Filipino women artists
Living people
People from Quezon City
Artists from Metro Manila
People from Antipolo
Miriam College alumni
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
was the 5th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province , Honshū , Japan ( modern-day Aomori Prefecture ) . His courtesy title was Tosa-no-kami , and his Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade .
Biography
Tsugaru Nobuhisa was the second son of Tsugaru Nobumasa , 4th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain . His childhood name was Takechiyo , and his original adult name was Tsugaru Nobushige . He resided in Edo during the first half of his life , and visited Hirosaki the first time only on his father 's death . On his accession to the lordship at the age of 43 , he proclaimed seven days of mourning , followed by elaborate ceremonies enshrining his father at the Shinto shrine of Takateru Jinja in Hirosaki . Nobuhisa was a noted swordsman , having studied under the Ono-ha Ittō-ryu school while residing in Edo . He also studied Japanese calligraphy and Japanese painting under masters of the Kanō school , and sponsored the lacquer artist Ogawa Haritsu to develop the craft as an industry for Tsugaru Domain . After becoming daimyō of Hirosaki , in addition to continuing development of new paddy fields and irrigation works as started by his father and grandfather , he also commissioned art works and a history of the Tsugaru clan . He also successfully prosecuted a boundary dispute with the Tsugaru clan 's arch-rivals , the Nanbu clan of Morioka Domain , with the Tokugawa shogunate ruling completely in the Tsugaru clan 's favor . This issue would resurface again in 107 years with the attempt in 1821 by Nanbu samurai to assassinate the Tsugaru daimyō in the `` Sōma Daisaku Incident .
Against this background , Hirosaki Domain had serious financial issues . Inclement weather and repeated eruptions of Mount Iwaki resulted in repeated crop failures . The Domain cut the stipends for its retainers and raised taxes repeatedly to unsustainable levels , imposed stringent sumptuary laws , and finally was forced to send many of its lower level retainers away . On the other hand , Nobuhisa surrounded himself with sycophants at his Edo residence and continued to live a life of profligate luxury . Word of this reached the ears of shōgun Tokugawa Yoshimune , and influenced the sections of the Kyōhō Reforms emphasizing the need for frugality .
On May 16 , 1731 , Nobuhisa retired in favor of his grandson Nobuaki , then aged 13 , and continued to rule behind-the-scenes . However , Nobuaki died in 1744 , and Nobuhisa arranged to have his great-grandson Nobuyasu ( age 6 ) appointed daimyō . Nobuhisa continued to rule behind-the-scenes until his death on March 10 , 1746 . Nobuhisa had 5 sons and 6 daughters . His grave is at the clan temple of Shinryō-in ( a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji ) in Taitō-ku , Tokyo .
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
`` Hirosaki-jō '' ( 17 Feb. 2008 )
`` Tsugaru-han '' on Edo 300 HTML ( 17 Feb. 2008 )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia .
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1669 births
1746 deaths
People of Edo-period Japan
Ramaal Lewis ( born 18 August 1996 ) is a Jamaican cricketer . He was part of the West Indies ' squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup . In May 2018 , he was selected to play for the Guyana national cricket team in the Professional Cricket League draft , ahead of the 2018–19 season . He made his Twenty20 debut on 12 September 2019 , for the Jamaica Tallawahs , in the 2019 Caribbean Premier League . The following month , he was named in Guyana 's squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament .
In June 2020 , he was selected by Guyana , in the players ' draft hosted by Cricket West Indies ahead of the 2020–21 domestic season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Jamaican cricketers
People from Westmoreland Parish
Jamaica cricketers
Jamaica Tallawahs cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Torkan ( , also Romanized as Torkān ; also known as Tarkūn and Torkan Abad ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 50 , in 14 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Leonard Francis Casey ( 7 May 1888 – 8 October 1964 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played six matches of first-class cricket for Otago between 1921 and 1923 .
Casey was born at Dunedin in 1888 . He worked as an insurance manager . He died at Christchurch in 1964 .
References
External links
1888 births
1964 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Milieu therapy is a form of psychotherapy that involves the use of therapeutic communities . Patients join a group of around 30 , for between 9 and 18 months . During their stay , patients are encouraged to take responsibility for themselves and the others within the unit , based upon a hierarchy of collective consequences . Patients are expected to hold one another to following rules , with more senior patients expected to model appropriate behavior for newer patients . If one patient violates the rules , others who were aware of the violation but did not intervene may also be punished to varying extents based upon their involvement . Milieu therapy is thought to be of value in treating personality disorders and behavioural problems , and can also be used with a goal of stimulating the patient 's remaining cognitive-communicative abilities . Organizations known to use milieu therapy include Cassel Hospital , in London , Forest Heights Lodge in Evergreen , CO , and the United States Veteran 's Administration .
References
Varcarolis , E.M. ( 1990 ) . Foundations of Psychiatric Mental Health Nursing . New York : W.B . Saunders Company , p. 30 .
External links
Henderson Hospital Trust
Psychotherapies
Therapeutic community
Ruzawi School is an Anglican , independent , co-educational , preparatory , boarding school for children aged 6 to 12 . It is located near the town of Marondera in Zimbabwe . Ruzawi , which was founded by Robert Grinham and Maurice Carver , has a pupil population ranging from 205 to 220 depending on the balance of boys and girls and the number of pupils in each age group . In the Infants ' Department there is one class each for Grade One and Grade Two . An additional entry point at Grade Three enables there to be two classes from that level up to Grade 7 . The school is situated some five kilometres south of Marondera in extensive grounds surrounded by many hectares of indigenous miombo woodland and exotic eucalyptus plantations .
Ruzawi School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools ( ATS ) and the Head is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe ( CHISZ ) .
History
In 1926 , Robert Grinham and Maurice Carver decided to establish a boys ' school in Southern Africa . South Africa was a possible venue but eventually it was decided to establish the school in Zimbabwe ( then Southern Rhodesia ) . Various sites were visited in and around the capital but the most suitable venue was a few miles south of the then village of Marandellas , now Marondera .
The old Ruzawi Inn , for many years a staging post on the carriage and wagon route from the capital to the eastern border , was up for sale . Neither the new road nor the recently built railway passed close to the Inn , which was no longer , an essential stopping place for travelers . The bedrooms , dining room , kitchen and ancillary buildings proved ideal as both accommodation and classrooms for the newly established boys ' boarding school .
An important use was found for the old stable building close to the inn . It was appropriately converted into the School Chapel . The building , now over a hundred years old , is equally appropriately in use as the School Museum . The founders of Ruzawi enlisted academic and domestic staff to help convert the Inn to a boys ' boarding school . At the time , the boys attending Ruzawi ranged in age from seven to fourteen years .
From 1932 to 1934 plans were discussed and finance arranged to replace the old buildings with the present large dormitory block . It became known as the Birchenough Building in recognition of the work Sir Henry Birchenough did on behalf of the school , particularly in the field of raising funds for the new buildings . Other major events in the school 's history include the building of the Robert Grinham Hall and the Maurice Carver Music Centre , the establishment of the Computer Centre .
In 1955 , the School Chapel was built . The Chapel is a memorial to the Ruzawi boys who died in the Second World War .
In 1978 , The Grinham Carver Trust was founded by the Ruzawi Old Boys Association ( now the Ruzawi Old Pupils Association ) on the occasion of its 25th anniversary and in honour of the school 's founders .
In 2003 , Ruzawi School became co-educational with the acceptance of girls into the school 's student body .
In 2013 , Ruzawi became a registered Cambridge International Examinations centre and adopted the Cambridge Primary curriculum .
Motto
Academics
Ruzawi School , alongside the ZIMSEC Primary curriculum , adopted the Cambridge Primary curriculum which was developed by Cambridge International Examinations .
Sports
Ruzawi School offers the following sports : athletics , cricket , cross-country , hockey , netball , rugby , swimming and tennis .
Clubs and Societies
Ruzawi School has the following cultural and extramural activities : Ballet , Conservation Club , Cub Scouts , Design and Technology Club , Golf , Guitar , Music & Drama , Squash , Table Tennis , WildLife Quiz .
Houses
Within the school , students are divided up into two 'houses ' that compete along academic and sporting lines . The houses are named Grenfell , represented by olive green and named after Julian Grenfell the first born of William Grenfell – Baron of Desborough ; and Fairbridge , represented by light blue and named after Kingsley Fairbridge , a South African educator and statesman . The link between the houses , comes from the apt and fierce competition between Julian and Kingsley at Oxford University in the sport of Boxing .
Notable alumni
Andy Blignaut - former Zimbabwean Cricketer
Ryan Higgins - former England under-19 cricketer
Kennedy Tsimba - former Zimbabwean rugby union player
Guy Whittall - former Zimbabwean cricketer
See also
Springvale House
List of schools in Zimbabwe
References
External links
Ruzawi School Official website
Ruzawi School Profile on the ATS website
Educational institutions established in 1928
Anglican schools in Zimbabwe
Private schools in Zimbabwe
Cambridge schools in Zimbabwe
Co-educational schools in Zimbabwe
Boarding schools in Zimbabwe
Marondera
Buildings and structures in Mashonaland East Province
Education in Mashonaland East Province
Member schools of the Association of Trust Schools
1920s establishments in Southern Rhodesia
1928 establishments in the British Empire
Chadshunt is a village and civil parish in the Stratford-on-Avon district , in the county of Warwickshire , England . Chadshunt is located in between the villages of Gaydon ( where population can be found ) , and Kineton . It grew up around the mill stream alongside Watery Lane . The former Yarlington Mill is now a private residence . Chadshunt has a church called All Saints Church .
References
External links
British History online
Listed buildings in Chadshunt
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110719163742/http : //www.warksbells.co.uk/chadshunt.htm
Villages in Warwickshire
Civil parishes in Warwickshire
Stratford-on-Avon District
Dreux ( ) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France .
Geography
Dreux lies on the small river Blaise , a tributary of the Eure , about 35 km north of Chartres . Dreux station has rail connections to Argentan , Paris and Granville . The Route nationale 12 ( Paris–Rennes ) passes north of the town .
History
Dreux was known in ancient times as Durocassium , the capital of the Durocasses Celtic tribe . Despite the legend , its name was not related with Druids . The Romans established here a fortified camp known as Castrum Drocas .
In the Middle Ages , Dreux was the centre of the County of Dreux . The first count of Dreux was Robert , the son of King Louis the Fat . The first large battle of the French Wars of Religion occurred at Dreux , on 19 December 1562 , resulting in a hard-fought victory for the Catholic forces of the duc de Montmorency .
In October 1983 , the Front National won 55 % of the vote in the second round of elections for the city council of Dreux , in one of its first significant electoral victories .
Population
Sights
Chapelle royale de Dreux
In 1775 , the lands of the comté de Dreux had been given to the Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon , duc de Penthièvre by his cousin Louis XVI . In 1783 , the duke sold his domain of Rambouillet to Louis XVI . On 25 November of that year , in a long religious procession , Penthièvre transferred the nine caskets containing the remains of his parents , the Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon , comte de Toulouse and Marie Victoire de Noailles , comtesse de Toulouse , his wife , Marie Thérèse Félicité d'Este , Princess of Modène , and six of their seven children , from the small medieval village church next to the castle in Rambouillet , to the chapel of the Collégiale Saint-Étienne de Dreux . The duc de Penthièvre died in March 1793 and his body was laid to rest in the crypt beside his parents . On 21 November of that same year , in the midst of the French Revolution , a mob desecrated the crypt and threw the ten bodies in a mass grave in the Chanoines cemetery of the Collégiale Saint-Étienne . In 1816 , the duc de Penthièvre 's daughter , Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon , duchesse d'Orléans , had a new chapel built on the site of the mass grave of the Chanoines cemetery , as the final resting place for her family . In 1830 , Louis-Philippe I , King of the French , son of the duchesse d'Orléans , embellished the chapel which was renamed Chapelle royale de Dreux , now the necropolis of the Orléans royal family .
Other sights
Renaissance Château d'Anet
Hôtel de Montulé ( 16th century )
Pavilion of Louis XVI
Hôtel de Salvat-Duhalde ( 18th century )
Personalities
Dreux was the birthplace of :
Kalifa Cissé , footballer
Martin Pierre d'Alvimare ( 1772–1839 ) , composer and harpist
Siraba Dembélé , handball player
Abdou Dieye , footballer
Chloe Gosselin , fiancee of magician David Copperfield
Louis Victor Dubois ( 1837–1914 ) , wine merchant and politician
Rémi Gounelle ( 1967- ) , Protestant theologian
Marouan Kechrid , basketball player
Yannick Lesourd , athlete
Antoine Godeau ( 1605–1672 ) , bishop , poet and exegete . He is now known for his work of criticism Discours de la poésie chrétienne from 1633 .
Jean Rotrou ( 1609–1650 ) , poet and tragedian
Jean-Louis-Auguste Loiseleur-Deslongchamps ( 1774–1849 ) , botanist
Charles Delescluze ( 1809–1871 ) , journalist and military commander of the Paris Commune
Issa Samba , footballer
Adrien Trebel ( 1991- ) , footballer
Eddie London ( 1956– ) , singer
François-André Danican Philidor ( 1726–1795 ) , musician and chess player
Guerschon Yabusele , basketball player
Twin towns - sister cities
Dreux is twinned with :
Todi , Italy , since 1960
Melsungen , Germany , since 1966
Koudougou , Burkina Faso , since 1972
Evesham , England , UK , since 1977
Bautzen , Germany , since 1992
Almeirim , Portugal , since 2018
See also
Communes of the Eure-et-Loir department
References
External links
City council website ( in French )
Tourist office website
Personal website about Dreux ( in French )
Communes of Eure-et-Loir
Subprefectures in France
Ferdinand Ulrich ( 23 February 1931 – 11 February 2020 ) was a German Catholic philosopher and professor at the University of Regensburg from 1960-1996 .
Life
Ulrich studied philosophy , psychology , pedagogy , and fundamental theology at the Freising College and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich . In 1956 he completed his doctorate in philosophy in Munich . In 1959 he completed his Habilitation in philosophy at the University of Salzburg . He worked as a private lecturer in 1960 , and in 1961 as associate professor at the Pedagogical College of Regensburg , which would later be integrated into the University of Regensburg . In 1967 he was appointed ordinary Professor of Philosophy . Ulrich also taught at the University of Salzburg ( from 1963 ) and at the Jesuit School of Philosophy in Pullach ( later Munich ) . In 1996 he became professor emeritus . Ulrich died on February 11 , 2020 , at the age of 89 after a brief illness . Bishop Stefan Oster eulogized him on his social media account noting that Ulrich was similar to John the Baptist in that he `` never wanted to point to anyone else than the one who is the light of the world . ''
Work
The constitution and environment of the concrete man as human being-in-the-world always stands at the center of Ulrich 's thinking and questioning . At the same time , however , this view of man always comes to Ulrich out of the depths of a philosophy of being which characterizes all his writing . In everything he considers , he is always and originally a metaphysician who perceives and unfolds the phenomenon of human existence in light of the `` drama of the question of being . ”
This philosophy of being is particularly inspired by the spirit of Thomas Aquinas , who interprets being as the abundant act of all reality . Ulrich unfolds from this an enduring dialogue , especially with German idealism ( above all Hegel ) and Martin Heidegger , but also with Marx , Kierkegaard , Freud , and others , always in light of a metaphysics of being as love ( or as gift ) . He thus understands himself as an explicitly Christian philosopher . From these assumptions , he succeeds in reconciling traditional metaphysics and modern transcendental philosophy on the one hand , but also reconciling these positions with dialogical philosophy on the other . Ulrich 's thought circles in manifold variations around the ontological difference between non-subsistent being and subsisting beings . He sees the full form , and thus the actual interpretive horizon , of this difference in the personal difference of I and Thou . Ontology and anthropology , therefore , are integrally related to each other without being confused . With his radical understanding of being as love , Ulrich stands both in the tradition of those who would overcome metaphysics , especially metaphysics in the form of a static substance ontology , and in the tradition of those who would ( for example , with Heidegger ) , bring their metaphysics back to its ground out of the profound experience of being in the philosophy of the great tradition .
This philosophy of being as love , however , always has the salvation of human existence in view . For Ulrich , liberated thought is possible only in the place in which the man is freed for this personhood : in the place of the arrival of the liberator , in the realm of redeemed freedom or the “ salvation of finitude , ” which Ulrich sees as the personal embodiment of the Church .
Publications
Ulrich 's thought is collected in a series from Johannes-Verlag Einsiedeln , currently five volumes , but growing . However , after 1980 , Ulrich published hardly any new texts . The current series is composed for the most part of older manuscripts Ulrich has revised . The first volume , Ulrich 's central work , is his Habilitation , Homo Abyssus : Das Wagnis der Seinsfrage ( first published 1961 ) . In the fifth volume of the new series , Gabe und Vergebung , Ulrich presents a “ contribution to biblical ontology ” in which , over 830 pages , he describes the parable of the prodigal son ( Lk 15:11–32 ) as an onto-drama between God and man . Further publications include about 60 essays , and occasionally extensive treatises , for the most part published in foreign publications and collections . Some shorter books are Der Mensch als Anfang . Zur philosophischen Anthropologie der Kindheit ( 1970 ) and Atheismus und Menschwerdung ( 1966 ) .
Reception
The speculative difficulty , idiosyncratic diction , and Christian foundations of Ulrich 's philosophy have perhaps limited the scope of its reception . Certainly , though , there has been scattered and very remarkable engagement . Hans Urs von Balthasar , for example , carried out a deep engagement with Ulrich 's work , and rendered the following verdict in a letter to Ulrich on the publication of Homo Abyssus : `` It has one great advantage over all the other ontologies with which I am familiar : It stands in intimate contact with the mysteries of revelation , offers access to them , and yet never abandons the strictly philosophical domain . In this sense , it overcomes the baneful dualism between philosophy and theology , and it does so perhaps more successfully than ever before. ” In a more recent collected edition on the philosophy of religion , Ulrich was called `` the most important religious philosopher of the century . '' Bishop Stefan Oster of Passau is a self-proclaimed student of Ulrich .
Works
I : Homo abyssus . Das Wagnis der Seinsfrage . 2nd ed . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 1998. . ( Zugleich Salzburg Dissertation 1958 u.d.T . : Versuch einer spekulativen Entfaltung des Menschenwesens in der Seinsteilhabe . )
II : Leben in der Einheit von Leben und Tod . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 1999 .
III : Erzählter Sinn . Ontologie der Selbstwerdung in der Bilderwelt des Märchens . 2nd ed . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 2002 .
IV : Logo-tokos . Der Mensch und das Wort . Einsiedeln 2003 .
V : Gabe und Vergebung . Ein Beitrag zur biblischen Ontologie . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 2006 . ( Review by Richard Niedermeier ) .
Gegenwart der Freiheit . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 1974 . ( Sammlung Horizonte ; N.F . 8 ) , 1974 .
Der Mensch als Anfang : zur philosophischen Anthropologie der Kindheit . Einsiedeln , Switzerland : Johannes Verlag , 1970 . ( Kriterien 16 ) .
Works in English Translation
Homo Abyssus : The Drama of the Question of Being . Translated by D.C. Schindler . Washington , D.C. : Humanum Academic , 2018. .
References
Further reading
Tourpe , Emmanuel . `` La positivité de l'être comme amour chez Ferdinand Ulrich à l'arrière-plan de Theologik III . Sur un mot de Hans Urs von Balthasar . '' Gregorianum 1 ( 1988 ) , 86–117 .
Bieler , Martin . Freiheit als Gabe . Ein schöpfungstheologischer Entwurf . Freiburg/Basel/Vienna , 1991. .
Feiter , Reinhard . Zur Freiheit befreit . Apologie des Christlichen bei Ferdinand Ulrich . Würzburg , 1994. .
Oster , Stefan . Mit-Mensch-Sein . Phänomenologie und Ontologie der Gabe bei Ferdinand Ulrich . Freiburg/München , 2004. .
Oster , Stefan : `` Thinking Love at the Heart of Things . The Metaphysics of Being as Love in the Work of Ferdinand Ulrich . '' In : Communio 37/4 ( 2010 ) , pp . 660–700 .
Oster , Stefan . Umsonst geben – Über Lehrer-sein und geistliche Vaterschaft . Ferdinand Ulrich zum 80 . Geburtstag . In : IKaZ Communio 40 ( 2011 ) , pp . 51–61 .
Schindler , D.C. `` The Grace of Being : Ferdinand Ulrich and the Task of a Faithful Metaphysics in the Face of Modernity . '' Christian Wisdom Meets Modernity . Ed . Kenneth Oakes . London : Bloomsbury T & T Clark , 2016. pp . 149–163 .
de la Tour , Marine . Gabe im Anfang : Grundzüge des metaphysischen Denkens von Ferdinand Ulrich . Kohlhammer Verlag , Stuttgart 2016. .
Aldana , Ricardo . `` The Experience of the Unity of Time and Christian Faith in the Thought of Ferdinand Ulrich . '' Communio 43/3 ( 2016 ) , pp . 388–408 .
Schindler , D.C. A Companion to Homo Abyssus . Washington , D.C. : Humanum Academic Press , 2019. .
External links
Some of Ulrich 's work has been translated for the English edition of Communio
Bishop Stephan Oster introduces Ulrich 's philosophy to an English audience in an essay for Communio : `` Thinking Love at the Heart of Things : The Metaphysics of Being as Love in the Thought of Ferdinand Ulrich ''
1931 births
2020 deaths
20th-century German philosophers
21st-century German philosophers
University of Regensburg faculty
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
Moravian-German people
People from Nový Jičín District
Sohan Roy is an Indian entrepreneur based at Sharjah . He is the Founder chairman and CEO of Aries Group of Companies , and a Naval Architect .
Roy is also the director of the film DAM999 whose screenplay was added to the permanent core collection in the library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . His Aries group has taken over actor Mohanlal 's Vismayas Max studio complex , Kerala 's first DTS studio , situated at Thiruvananthapuram . He worked as Project Designer of World 's second CSR movie – Aickarakkonathe Bhishaguaranmaar .
Forbes listed Roy among top Indian leaders of the Arab world 4 times in a row since 2015 to 2019 .
He is the founder-director of Concept Indywood , Founder President of Indywood Billionaires Club .
Roy is also a poet and author , he has been writing 4 line short poetry , known as 'Anukavyam ' every day for the past 2 years .
He was honored with the Honorary Professional Doctorate Certificate in Global Leadership and Management by European International University ( EIU ) , Paris .
Early life and career
Sohan Roy started his career as a Marine engineer , and later worked as a marine surveyor at several companies . He started Aries Marine & Engineering Services in 1998 , Headquartered in Sharjah , UAE .
Awards and accomplishments
He was awarded with Knighthood of Parte Guelfa , thus becoming first Indian to be awarded with this award
Filmography
External links
References
1967 births
English film directors
Malayalam film producers
Businesspeople from Kollam
Living people
White Squall is a 1996 American disaster survival film directed by Ridley Scott . It is a coming of age film in which a group of high school and college-aged teenagers sign up for several months of training aboard a sail ship , a brigantine , and travel around half the globe when suddenly they are challenged by a severe storm . The film stars Jeff Bridges in the role of the captain , called `` Skipper '' , his wife , played by Caroline Goodall , and a supporting cast portraying a group of nearly a dozen student sailors .
The film was based on the 1962 book The Last Voyage of the Albatross by Charles Gieg Jr. and Felix Sutton .
Plot
The film is based on the fate of the brigantine Albatross , which sank 2 May 1961 , allegedly because of a white squall . The film relates the ill-fated school sailing trip led by Dr. Christopher B. Sheldon ( Jeff Bridges ) , whom the boys call `` Skipper '' . He is tough and teaches them discipline . He forms a close connection with all-American Chuck Gieg ( Scott Wolf ) , troubled rich kid Frank Beaumont ( Jeremy Sisto ) , shy Gil Martin ( Ryan Phillippe ) and bad-boy Dean Preston ( Eric Michael Cole ) . On the first days , it is discovered that Gil suffers from acrophobia and does not even try to rescue Chuck , who nearly chokes to death when he becomes entangled in some rigging after slipping from one of the masts . After Chuck is saved by Skipper Sheldon , Gil is ordered to climb the ropes , which he ultimately can not do , and is assigned to alternative limited duty while on board .
Frank 's snobby attitude causes him to bump heads with most of the boys , especially Dean , while Gil opens up to Chuck about his troubled home life one night in their bunks , which Frank listens to and identifies with as well .
After many misadventures on land and on the boat , the boys begin to take Skipper 's teachings seriously and begin acting like real shipmates , with Chuck , Frank , Gil and Dean becoming strong friends .
Eventually , the brigantine puts into shore and the boys take their leave on the island . Frank 's wealthy father and mother give him a surprise visit while the crew is in port . Frank is upset that the visit seems poorly timed by his overbearing parents , and he becomes separated from the boys and their festivities when his parents require him to go out to steak dinner with them . The father and son end up in a fist fight and become further estranged by the visit and the fight . Frank gets drunk and comes to the party and has to be escorted out by Chuck , Gil and Dean .
After a night of festivities , the crew set out to sea again on the next day . When the brigantine encounters a school of dolphins , Frank , still angry at his father , vents his fury by shooting one of the dolphins with a harpoon . Skipper demands Frank at least put the animal out of its misery , but he ca n't bring himself to , so Skipper kills it , then tells Frank he 's been expelled from the program and puts him ashore at the next port . The day he leaves , Frank apologizes to Skipper for the incident on the boat and is given a farewell by Gil , who gets the courage to climb up the ropes to ring the bell for Frank , which symbolizes ‘ Where we go one , we go all ' .
Soon after , while at sea , the brigantine encounters a freakish white squall storm . The vessel is battered by the seas , and the boys try to use what the Skipper has taught them in order to survive the horrific ordeal . Most of them succeed in abandoning the vessel , but Gil , Dean , Skipper 's wife , and the cook George Ptacnik , all drown .
When the survivors are rescued and reach land , Skipper is put on trial , with Frank 's powerful parents leading the call for his license to be revoked . Eventually , the Skipper refuses to allow anyone else to be blamed for the disaster , and accepts responsibility , but his former students all stand up for him , and Frank turns against his bullying parents to support the Skipper , as all of the boys embrace him . The end credits explain that in reality six people died in total ( four students ) and dedicates the film to them .
Cast
Jeff Bridges as Captain Christopher `` Skipper '' Sheldon
Caroline Goodall as Alice Sheldon
John Savage as McCrea
Scott Wolf as Chuck Gieg
Jeremy Sisto as Frank Beaumont
Ryan Phillippe as Gil Martin
Eric Michael Cole as Dean Preston
Julio Oscar Mechoso as Girard Pascal
Balthazar Getty as Tod Johnstone
Jason Marsden as Shay Jennings
David Lascher as Robert March
Ethan Embry as Tracy Lapchick
David Selby as Francis Beaumont
Jordan Clarke as Charles Gieg , Sr .
Željko Ivanek as Capt . Sanders
James Rebhorn as Capt . Tyler
Jill Larson as Peggy Beaumont
Lizzy Mackay as Middy Gieg
Ray De-Haan Stunt Performer
Production
Part of the film was shot using a horizon tank in Malta , with a full-sized mock-up of the ship , the Eye of the Wind , used to depict the Albatross in scenes shot mainly in the Caribbean , on islands such as St. Vincent and the Grenadines . Maurice Jarre was originally scheduled to compose the original score , but was replaced by Hans Zimmer 's protégé Jeff Rona . Zimmer was set to replace Jarre but failed to commit due to time difficulties . The song in the end credits is `` Valparaiso '' by Sting .
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 57 % based on 37 reviews . The site 's consensus states : `` Though it gets occasionally bogged down by touchy-feely sentiment , White Squall benefits greatly from Jeff Bridges ' assured lead performance and Ridley Scott 's visceral , exciting direction '' . White Squall , like Scott 's previous film , 1492 : Conquest of Paradise , was a box office disappointment .
Roger Ebert gave it three stars . In his review he said `` I enjoyed the movie for the sheer physical exuberance of its adventure . ''
Decades after White Squalls release , believers in the QAnon conspiracy theory have developed an affinity for the film because its original trailer emphasizes several phrases ( `` Where we go one , we go all , '' `` Anonymous , '' and `` The calm before the storm '' ) which feature prominently in the conspiracy 's lore .
Home media
Due the indie nature of White Squall it has received very patchy releases , over the years , through various locally distributed media companies . When the film was first issued on home entertainment formats , VHS was the current standard . Soon after DVD began to gain popularity and White Squall was issued , in North America , via Largo Entertainment , and in the UK and Europe through BMG DVD .
For Blu-ray releases White Squall has been issued as Region-Locked Region 2 in mainlane Europe only , Region 4 in Australia and New Zealand and Region 1 via Kino Lorber in America . A UK pressing has never been available .
References
External links
1996 drama films
1990s coming-of-age drama films
1990s disaster films
1990s English-language films
1990s teen drama films
American films based on actual events
American coming-of-age drama films
American disaster films
American survival films
American teen drama films
Coming-of-age films based on actual events
Disaster films based on actual events
Drama films based on actual events
Films about animal cruelty
Films about educators
Films about friendship
Films about survivors of seafaring accidents or incidents
Films about the United States Coast Guard
Films directed by Ridley Scott
Films scored by Jeff Rona
Films set in 1961
Films set in the Caribbean
Films set in Connecticut
Films set in Florida
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films shot in Savannah , Georgia
Hollywood Pictures films
Largo Entertainment films
Sailing films
Scott Free Productions films
Sea adventure films
Seafaring films based on actual events
1990s American films
Ciuperceni is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Ciuperceni and Poiana .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Dark Side Romance ( or Goet iik thii tawng mii theu ) is a 1995 Thai romantic fantasy film directed by Prachya Pinkaew .
Plot
After a car accident , the spirits of Tan ( Tat Na Takuatung and Peang ( Kullasatree Siripongpreeda ) become trapped in a dangerous limbo , awaiting the chance to be reborn .
Cast
Tat Na Takuatung as Tan
Kullasatree Siripongpreeda as Peang
Chokchai Charoensuk
External links
Dark Side Romance at Siam Zone
1995 films
Thai films
Thai-language films
1990s romantic fantasy films
Thai romance films
Films directed by Prachya Pinkaew
Moyie is an unincorporated community in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia , Canada . It is located on Highway 3 , 19 miles ( 30 km ) south of Cranbrook on the eastern shore of Moyie Lake .
Once known as Grande Quete , the origin of Moyie 's name is , via the river of the same name , thought to be the French word mouille , meaning wet .
History
Moyie was developed in 1897 by Glencairn Campbell , who purchased the property and subdivided it into lots . Lot sales were brisk as the Canadian Pacific Railway completed a tote road that allowed twice weekly stagecoach service from Fort Steele , while another tote road from Kootenay Lake was completed that November .
It was predicted that Moyie would have a prosperous future and the CPR 's new sternwheeler Moyie , launched in 1898 , was named for the town .
The first newspaper , the Moyie City Leader was published in the spring of 1898 . One of the first stores in Moyie was a meat market owned by Pat Burns , one of a string of such stores that supplied beef to the railway and the residents along the line .
By 1900 , Moyie had a population of 600 , a train station , a water company and a school with twelve students .
In the 1901 census , Moyie had a thousand residents , predominantly males who lived in boarding houses . Most of the local recreation consisted of what was offered by the lakefront saloons and brothels .
By 1906 , Moyie was promoted as `` Moyie City '' and had five hotels , a lumber mill , a brewery and the St. Peter 's church built by Father Nicholas Coccola in 1904 .
In 1907 the St. Eugene Mine was described by the Canadian Department of Mines as being `` ... the most important silver-lead mine in Canada. '' . By 1909 Moyie had a population of 1,200 with about 450 employed in the mine . However , by 1920 , Moyie 's glory days had passed and the mine only employed 20 men . The population plummeted to 100 people and Moyie never recovered .
St. Eugene Mine
In 1893 , rich galena deposits were discovered near Moyie Lake by a Ktunaxa man by the name of Pielle or ( Pierre ) . Pielle took the galena to Father Nicolas Coccola , then head of the St. Eugene Mission , who sent the samples to Spokane for analysis . Upon learning that the ore contained high percentages of silver , Coccola , Pielle and a Spokane developer by the name of James Cronin each staked a claim above Moyie Lake and registered them in Fort Steele on June 25 .
Pielle and Father Coccola both sold their claims in 1895 for $ 12,000 . Father Coccola used the profits to construct a hospital and the St. Eugene Church in the St. Eugene Mission .
Miners and other fortune seekers began to rush to the area and throughout the next decade the St. Eugene Mine produced more than $ 10,000,000 in ore and was the catalyst for the Consolidated Mining and Smelting Company , later known as Cominco .
Attractions
Moyie is a retirement community . Restored heritage buildings include the fire station , St. Peter 's Catholic Church , and the Kokanee Cove Pub , which was built from parts of the old Manhattan Hotel . All that remains of the St. Eugene Mine are piles of mine tailings and the concrete foundations .
Media
Moyie was featured on the historical television series Gold Trails and Ghost Towns .
Notes
External links
Populated places in the Regional District of East Kootenay
Populated places established in 1897
Unincorporated settlements in British Columbia
Ahovan ( , also Romanized as Āhovān ) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 391 , in 118 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Christiaan Frederick Beyers Papenfus ( 10 December 1915 – 18 November 1941 ) was a South African first-class cricketer and South African Air Force pilot .
Papenfus was born at Barberton in November 1915 . He made his debut in first-class cricket for Free State against Natal at Bloemfontein in the 1936–37 Currie Cup . He made four further first-class appearances for Orange Free State , the last of which came in February 1940 . Papenfus met with success in his five matches , taking 25 wickets at an average of 19.88 . He took two five wicket hauls , the first of which came in his third first-class match against Border when he took figures of 5 for 39 ; despite this , Orange Free State lost the match by 191 runs . In his final first-class appearance against North Eastern Transvaal , he took his second five wicket haul with figures of 6 for 88 , and recorded his only first-class half century with a score of 60 batting at number ten ; Orange Free State against lost this match by 83 runs . Wisden noted that despite these innings , he was `` normally of little account as a batsman '' .
Papenfus served as a sergeant in the South African Air Force during the Second World War . Attached to 21 Squadrons , he served as crew on Maryland bombers . 21 Squadrons was tasked with attacking German and Italian bases as part of the North African campaign . His was killed in action over Gazola in Italian Libya on 18 November 1941 , when his bomber was shot down by the Regia Aeronautica . He was buried in the Knightsbridge War Cemetery .
References
External links
1915 births
1941 deaths
People from Barberton , Mpumalanga
South African cricketers
Free State cricketers
South African Air Force personnel of World War II
South African military personnel killed in World War II
Charles Gunther may refer to :
Charles F. Gunther ( 1837–1920 ) , German-American candymaker and collector of historical artifacts
Charles Godfrey Gunther ( 1822–1885 ) , mayor of New York , 1864–1866
Charles Günther , Count of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt ( 1576–1630 ) , German nobleman
Pandemis isotetras is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Equatorial Guinea ( Bioko ) .
References
Moths described in 1934
Pandemis
Sai Vidya Institute of Technology ( SVIT ) is an engineering college in Rajanukunte , Yelahanka , Bangalore , India . It was ranked 35th in the Top 100 T-Schools ( private ) and 53rd in Top 100 T-Schools ( overall ) in the India T Schools Survey conducted by Data Quest Magazine . Among colleges in Karnataka it was 7th and 9th respectively in the ranking lists . Established in 2008 , SVIT offers six undergraduate courses and one post-graduate course and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The institution is accredited by AICTE , NBA ( New Delhi ) and recognized by the government of Karnataka .
History
SVIT was founded in 2008 by Sri Sai Vidya Vikas Shikshana Samithi , a trust consisting of highly experienced professors who were previously with reputed institutions such as RVCE , UVCE , BIT and RNSIT .
Prof. M R Holla , a recipient of the Karnataka Rajyotsava award and former principal of RVCE and director of RNSIT , is the director of the college . Dr. Ramesh Babu H S is the principal .
The Board of Trustees also consists of well-renowned professors like Prof. Y Jayasimha , Prof. R C Shanmukha Swamy and Prof. A M Padma Reddy . It includes R Srinivas Raju , a practicing civil engineer ; M K Manohar , a renowned chartered accountant ; and Narayana Raju , an administrator at RVCE and RNSIT .
Campus
SVIT is spread over 12 acres Rajanukunte , Bangalore . The nearest commuter railway station is Rajanukunte . The college is less than away from Yelahanka NES junction and at a distance of from Kempegowda International Airport . BMS Institute of Technology is away from the college .
The institution has two separate hostels for boys and girls to cater to the needs of the students from other parts of the country . Each hostel has its own kitchen and dining areas and is supported by a team of experienced cooks .
Courses offered
Undergraduate courses
SVIT offers Bachelor of Engineering ( BE ) at the undergraduate level . The course spans over four years and is offered in six branches . The course structure is based on the guidelines framed by VTU .
Undergraduate BE courses offered :
Civil Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Electronics and Communication Engineering
Information Science and Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Post-graduate course
SVIT offers post-graduate course :
Master of Business Administration ( MBA )
Placements
In 2016 , SVIT placed 98 % of all eligible students . The college has industry collaborations and placed its students in companies including several top recruiters such as HCL , Tech Mahindra , HP , IBM , iGATE , CGI Group , OnMobile , Siemens , Syntel , Wipro , Indian Air Force , TCS , Cognizant , Mphasis , NTT DATA , EMC Corporation , Mindtree , Amazon , Microland , Raymond Group etc .
Rankings
Rankings
SVIT has bagged 3rd RANK in Banglore TOP 100 T- SCHOOLS ( PRIVATE ) , 6th Rank in Karantaka and 31st RANK in TOP 100 T-SCHOOLS ( OVERALL ) in the ALL INDIA T SCHOOLS SURVEY conducted by DATA QUEST MAGAZINE .
If we consider only colleges from KARNATAKA STATE we stand in 7th Rank & 9th Rank respectively in the ranking list .
Student activities
`` Sanchalana '' cultural festival
The institution hosts its cultural fest under the `` Sanchalana '' banner . The eminent personality Ramesh Bhat had graced the events . It is hosted by Cultural Activities Team ( CAT ) . CAT is headed by the principal , aided by the heads of departments , Cultural Activity Committee , CAT Secretaries , the student presidents of clubs , and the student volunteers .
Tech Vidya
The institution hosts its state level tech fest every year .
Social Service
The National Service Scheme of India ( NSS ) has a unit in the college . The NSS unit of the college has 100 student members and approved by VTU . The unit is headed by Dr. Harish H T , Chief Librarian & NSS Program Officer .
The students organize blood donation camps regularly . NSS volunteers participates in all the awareness programs conducted by PHC of Rajanukunte .
NSS unit regularly organizes SWATCH CAMPUS program very often .
Professional Body Student Chapters
The college has one Professional body student chapter actively working to create platforms for students to learn beyond books .
Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers ( IEEE )
Computer Society of India ( CSI )
Institute of Indian Foundry Men
Indian Society for Heating Refrigeration and Air-conditioning Engineers ( ISHRAE )
IEEE Photonics Society
IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology ( IEEE EMBS )
IEEE Power and Energy Systems Society
Association of Consulting Civil Engineers ( India ) ( ACCE )
•
Notable alumni
Sanjana Anand , Kannada film actress
See also
R.V . College of Engineering
R.N.S . Institute of Technology
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Bangalore
Educational institutions established in 2008
Affiliates of Visvesvaraya Technological University
2008 establishments in Karnataka
South Carolina Highway 61 ( SC 61 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina . The highway is designated on a north–south direction , but physically travels in an east–west direction , from SC 30 in Charleston to U.S. Route 78 ( US 78 ) near Branchville . The portion of SC 61 from Church Creek Bridge and north is designated a National Scenic Byway .
Route description
St. Andrew 's Boulevard
The easternmost section of SC 61 is named St. Andrew 's Boulevard . This section travels from US 17 to SC 171 . It is mostly residential buildings that have been rezoned commercial .
Ashley River Road
Ashley River Road is the portion of SC 61 that travels through Charleston near the Ashley River from SC 171 to SC 165 . It is four lanes near Sam Rittenberg Boulevard , but becomes two lanes through the scenic stretch . Along the two-lane stretch , there are many large oaks and historic plantations . The SC 61/Ashley River Road exit from Interstate 526 ( I-526 ) actually exits onto SC 461 ( Paul Cantrell Boulevard ) .
Points of interest along Ashley River Road :
Drayton Hall
Magnolia Plantation and Gardens and the Audubon Swamp Garden
Middleton Place Plantation
Shadowmoss Plantation - Golf Club & Residential
MacLaura Hall - Private Residential
Beech Hill Road
Beech Hill Road is the section of SC 61 that travels from SC 165 to US 17A . The Legend Oaks Plantation is south of this section of highway .
Augusta Highway
Augusta Highway is the longest section of SC 61 from US 17A to the westernmost end of SC 61 where it merges into US 78 .
National Register of Historic Places
Some or all of Ashley River Road was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . In 1993 , it was included in the Ashley River Historic District .
History
South Carolina Highway 65
South Carolina Highway 65 ( SC 65 ) was a state highway that existed in the southeastern part of Bamberg County , the northern part of Colleton County , and the southern part of Dorchester County . It was established in 1929 from U.S. Route 78 ( US 78 ; now Farrells Road ) in Farrells Crossroads to SC 64 southeast of Givhans . It was also proposed to continue to the southeast to meet SC 61 ( now SC 165 Connector ) . In 1932 , the proposed portion was shifted to the northeast , to follow SC 64 across the Ashley River and then southeast to meet SC 61 ( now SC 165 south of Summerville . In 1933 , the highway was extended northwest and north-northwest , following US 78 until they met the U.S. Highway 's new routing west-southwest of Branchville . Also , its proposed path near Summerville was completed . In December 1950 , it was rerouted onto its 1929 path , replacing SC 650 to end at SC 61 ( now SC 165 Conn. ) in Cooks Crossroads . The portion of the former path not concurrent with SC 64 was redesignated as SC 642 . In 1952 , SC 65 was redesignated as SC 61 .
Future
Developers continue to build more homes further and further down Ashley River Road . A great deal of controversy was created about overdevelopment when the City of North Charleston annexed the 6,600-acre tract known as Watson Hill . The tract was sold by MeadWestvaco to private developers who then requested the annexation by North Charleston . The town of Summerville tried to rush an annexation to block North Charleston which ended in a court battle . Summerville later rescinded and backed away from its annexation attempt . The slump in the economy , 2008–2010 , forced these developers to sell and the property was repurchased by MeadWestvaco .
A recent public meeting suggested that if development is to occur , instead of widening Ashley River Road to alleviate congestion , Glenn McConnell Parkway , also known as SC 461 , could be extended beyond its terminus at Bees Ferry Road . This is possible since Glenn McConnell Parkway travels parallel to SC 61 .
Major intersections
Special routes
Charleston alternate route
South Carolina Highway 61 Alternate ( SC 61 Alt . ) was an alternate route that existed west of Charleston , in what is now the West Ashley portion of the city . It was established in 1940 on Wappoo Road between U.S. Route 17 ( US 17 ) and SC 61 . In 1947 , it was decommissioned .
Charleston connector route
South Carolina Highway 61 Connector ( SC 61 Conn. ) is a connector route in the West Ashley portion of Charleston . } } It is actually the SC 61 mainline . On the South Carolina Department of Transportation 's Charleston city map , the portion of SC 61 on either side of the SC 461 ( Paul Cantrell Boulevard ) intersection is signed as a connector route .
Dorchester County connector route
South Carolina Highway 61 Connector ( SC 61 Conn. ) is a connecting route south-southwest of Summerville and is in the southeastern part of Dorchester County . This highway serves to connect SC 61 and SC 165 . It is known as Cook 's Cross Road and is an unsigned highway .
It begins at an intersection with the SC 61 mainline ( Ashley River Road ) just southeast of Cooks Crossroads , which is the intersection of SC 61 and SC 165 . It travels to the north and curves to the northwest . After a curve to the north-northwest , it curves back to the northwest and reaches its northern terminus , an intersection with SC 165 .
Summerville alternate route
South Carolina Highway 61 Alternate ( SC 61 Alt . ) was an alternate route that existed south of Summerville . It was established in December 1936 on Stallsville Loop between two intersections with SC 61 ( now SC 165 ) . In 1947 , it was decommissioned . Its west–east portion in now still Stallsville Loop , but its south–north portion is part of Trolley Road .
See also
References
External links
CharlestonWiki Highway 61 article
SC 61 South Carolina Hwy Index
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
061
National Scenic Byways
National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County , South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Charleston County , South Carolina
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in South Carolina
Transportation in Charleston , South Carolina
Transportation in Dorchester County , South Carolina
Transportation in Colleton County , South Carolina
Transportation in Bamberg County , South Carolina
Wyoming Highway 251 ( WYO 251 ) is a north-south Wyoming state road located in Natrona County .
Route description
Wyoming Highway 251 begins its southern end at Natrona CR 505 in the census-designated place ( CDP ) of Casper Mountain , south of the City of Casper .
The southern terminus of WYO 251 lies on the Casper Mountain summit at an elevation of 8,485 feet and provides access to the Hogadon Ski Area . Natrona CR 505 continues southwest of the Casper Mountain area and meets County Route 401 , which links to Wyoming Highway 487 . Highway 251 proceeds northward as it zig-zags down off Casper Mountain . At the base , the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 252 ( Garden Creek Road ) is intersected at just under 4 miles . Past WYO 252 , Highway 251 now on a straighter course , enters the Casper city limits and reaches Wyoming Highway 258 also known as Wyoming Boulevard at 5.7 miles . Highway 251 continues northward and changes names to South Wolcott Street . WYO 251 gently curves around the west side of the Casper Golf Club and the east side of Casper College before entering downtown Casper . The northern terminus of Highway 251 lies at the business routes of I-25/US 20/US 26/US 87 ( E. 1st Street ) in Casper .
The last of Highway 251 are maintained by the City of Casper .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 200-299
WYO 251 - WYO 252 to Casper Mountain
WYO 251 - WYO 258 to WYO 252
WYO 251 - Casper College to WYO 258
Transportation in Natrona County , Wyoming
251
The A11 is a road in Latvia connecting Liepāja to the border with Lithuania near the village of Rucava .
References
A11
Beulah Bondi ( born Beulah Bondy ; May 3 , 1889 – January 11 , 1981 ) was an American character actress ; she often played eccentric mothers and later grandmothers and wives , although she was known for numerous other roles . She began her acting career as a young child in theater , and after establishing herself as a Broadway stage actress in 1925 , she reprised her role in Street Scene for the 1931 film version .
She played supporting roles in several films during the 1930s , and was twice nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . She played the mother of James Stewart in four films : Of Human Hearts , Vivacious Lady , Mr. Smith Goes to Washington ( 1939 ) , and It 's a Wonderful Life ( 1946 ) . Although at her height in Hollywood from the 1930s until the 1950s , Bondi never retired , and she continued acting well into her later years , at the age of 87 winning an Emmy Award for her guest-star role on The Waltons in 1976 .
Life and career
Bondi was born in Chicago , Illinois , the daughter of Eva Suzanna ( née Marble ) , an author , and Abraham O. Bondy , who worked in real estate . The family moved to Valparaiso , Indiana , when she was three , and Bondi began her acting career on the stage at age seven , playing Cedric Errol in a production of Little Lord Fauntleroy at the Memorial Opera House in Valparaiso . She graduated from the Frances Shimer Academy ( later Shimer College ) in 1907 , and gained her bachelor 's and master 's degrees in oratory at Valparaiso University in 1916 and 1918 .
She made her Broadway debut in Kenneth Seymour Webb 's One of the Family at the 49th Street Theatre on December 21 , 1925 . She next appeared in another hit , Maxwell Anderson 's Saturday 's Children , in 1926 . Bondi 's performance in Elmer Rice 's Pulitzer Prize-winning Street Scene , which opened at the Playhouse Theatre on January 10 , 1929 , brought Bondi to the movies at the age of 43 . Her debut movie role was as Emma Jones in Street Scene ( 1931 ) , which starred Sylvia Sidney , and in which Bondi reprised her stage role , followed by `` Mrs. Davidson '' in Rain ( 1932 ) , which starred Joan Crawford and Walter Huston .
She was one of the first five women to be nominated for an Academy Award in the newly created category of `` Best Supporting Actress '' for her work in The Gorgeous Hussy , although she lost the award to Gale Sondergaard . Two years later she was nominated again for Of Human Hearts and lost again , but her reputation as a character actress kept her employed . She would most often be seen in the role of the mother of the star of the film for the rest of her career , with the exception of Make Way for Tomorrow ( 1937 ) as the abandoned Depression-era 'Ma ' Cooper . She often played mature roles in her early film career even though she was only in her early 40s . In 1940 Bondi played Mrs. Webb in Our Town and Granny Tucker in The Southerner , directed by Jean Renoir and released in 1945 .
For her contributions to the film industry , Bondi received a motion -picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960 , located at 1718 Vine Street .
Although Bondi played mothers and grandmothers on screen , she was a lifelong bachelorette with no children . She admitted , `` I never regretted the choice of a career over marriage , it was a difficult decision and I 've never been sorry . ''
Television
Bondi 's television credits include Alfred Hitchcock Presents and Howard Richardson 's Ark of Safety on the Goodyear Television Playhouse . She appeared with Jan Clayton in `` The Prairie Story '' on NBC 's Wagon Train . She made a guest appearance on Perry Mason in 1963 when she played the role of Sophia Stone in `` The Case of the Nebulous Nephew '' .
Bondi made her final appearances as Martha Corinne Walton on The Waltons in the episodes `` The Conflict '' ( September 1974 ) and `` The Pony Cart '' ( December 1976 ) . She received an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress for a Single Appearance in a Drama or Comedy Series for her performance in `` The Pony Cart '' . When her name was called , it first appeared that she was not present , but she received a standing ovation as she walked slowly to the podium , from which she thanked the audience for honoring her while she was still living .
Death
Bondi died from pulmonary complications caused by broken ribs suffered when she tripped over her cat in her home on January 11 , 1981 , at age 91 .
Complete filmography
Radio appearances
See also
List of actors with Academy Award nominations
References
Further reading
External links
Great Character Actors
1889 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American actresses
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in California
Actresses from Indiana
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
Emmy Award winners
People from Valparaiso , Indiana
Shimer College alumni
Valparaiso University alumni
The Sneffels Range , regionally conterminous with San Juans , is a young , prominent , and rugged range of mountains in southwestern Colorado of the San Juan Mountains . The Sneffels range form the southern border of Ouray County and run west to east .
Prominence
The Sneffels Range can be viewed from as far as the La Sal Mountains in eastern Utah and is very prominent from most vantage points of the Uncompahgre Valley . The most prominent peak of the Sneffels Range is Mount Sneffels reaching .
Mount Sneffels 14,158 ft
Teakettle Mountain 13,819 ft
Dallas Peak 13,809 ft
Potosi Peak 13,786 ft
Gilpin Peak 13,694 ft
Cirque Mountain 13,686 ft
Mount Emma 13,581 ft
Mears Peak 13,496 ft
Whitehouse Mountain 13,492 ft
Mount Ridgway 13,468 ft
Chicago Peak 13,385 ft
Campbell Peak 13,213 ft
United States Mountain 13,036 ft
Hayden Peak 12,987 ft
Stony Mountain 12,698 ft
See also
Cimarron Ridge
Mountain ranges of Colorado
References
External links
San Juan Mountains ( Colorado )
Mountain ranges of Ouray County , Colorado
The Philippine oriole ( Oriolus steerii ) or grey-throated oriole is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae .
It is endemic to the Philippines .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . The species is fairly common throughout its range , but the Cebu race ( O. s. assimilis ) was last sighted in 1906 and is now classified as extinct .
Taxonomy and systematics
First described by Richard Bowdler Sharpe in 1877 , the Philippine oriole is a member of the genus Oriolus . Some authorities have considered it to be conspecific with , or as a subspecies of , the dark-throated oriole . These two species may form a superspecies with the Isabela oriole .
Subspecies
Five subspecies are recognized :
O. s. samarensis - Steere , 1890 : Found on Samar , Leyte , Bohol and eastern Mindanao
†Cebu dark-throated oriole ( O. s. assimilis ) - Tweeddale , 1878 : Originally described as a separate species . Formerly found on Cebu
O. s. steerii - Sharpe , 1877 : Found on Masbate and Negros
O. s. basilanicus - Ogilvie-Grant , 1896 : Found on Basilan and western Mindanao
O. s. cinereogenys - Bourns & Worcester , 1894 : Found in the Sulu Archipelago .
Description
The Philippine oriole is a yellowish-brown bird with mainly thin feathers on the upper side of its body , a red beak and red eyes as well .
Distribution and habitat
Endemic to the Philippines , the Philippine oriole is found in forest , forest edge and second growth in the lowlands of Masbate , Samar , Leyte , Semirara Island , Negros , Bohol , Mindanao , Basilan and the Sulu Archipelago .
Behaviour and ecology
This species , as much as with other orioles , tend to have a diet of mainly grass , flowers and similar food .
References
Philippine oriole
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Philippine oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jelski 's chat-tyrant ( Silvicultrix jelskii ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found Peru and southern Ecuador . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
Jelski 's chat-tyrant
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Jelski 's chat-tyrant
Jelski 's chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fathabad ( , also Romanized as Fatḩābād ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Stein Kåre Kristiansen ( born 22 March 1951 ) is a Norwegian journalist .
He is currently political editor if the television channel TV 2 . As such he appears on-screen as a news analyst on political affairs .
He is often interviewed by other news media , and maintains a blog .
He lives in Sørumsand .
In 2006 , Kristiansen was one of only three journalists in Norway to be taxed on an income of more than a million Norwegian kroner . The incomes of the top three were Davy Wathne with 1,672,845 , Oddvar Stenstrøm with 1,187,114 , and Stein Kåre Kristiansen with 1,055,417 .
References
1951 births
Living people
Norwegian broadcast news analysts
Norwegian bloggers
Saba is a genus of plant in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1849 . It is native to Madagascar , Comoros , and mainland Africa .
Species
Saba comorensis ( Bojer ex A.DC . ) Pichon - Madagascar , Comoros , Africa from Senegal to Somalia and south to Zimbabwe
Saba senegalensis ( A.DC . ) Pichon - Sahel from Senegal to Central African Republic
Saba thompsonii ( A.Chev . ) Pichon - W Africa ( Benin , Togo , Burkina Faso , Ghana , Ivory Coast , Nigeria )
References
Rauvolfioideae
Apocynaceae genera
Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind ( died 678 ) was a King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta . He was the son of Faílbe Flann mac Áedo Duib ( d.639 ) , a previous king . He succeeded Cathal Cú-cen-máthair mac Cathail as king in 665 . The annals mention no details of his reign . His known son was named Nad Froích .
He is also a prominent character in the Sister Fidelma mystery series written by Peter Tremayne .
Notes
See also
Kings of Munster
References
Annals of Tigernach
Francis John Byrne , Irish Kings and High-Kings
The Chronology of the Irish Annals , Daniel P. McCarthy
External links
CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Kings of Munster
678 deaths
7th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Miguel Ángel Gutiérrez Machado ( 26 March 1960 – 29 December 2020 ) was a Mexican politician from the National Action Party .
Biography
From 2000 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the fourth electoral district of Yucatán .
He died at age 60 from COVID-19 , during the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico .
References
1960 births
2020 deaths
Politicians from Yucatán ( state )
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
National Action Party ( Mexico ) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico ) for Yucatán
Crown lengthening is a surgical procedure performed by a dentist , or more frequently a specialist periodontist . There are a number of reasons for considering crown lengthening in a treatment plan . Commonly , the procedure is used to expose a greater amount of tooth structure for the purpose of subsequently restoring the tooth prosthetically . However , other indications include accessing subgingival caries , accessing perforations and to treat aesthetic disproportions such as a gummy smile . There are a number of procedures used to achieve an increase in crown length .
Biomechanical considerations
Biologic width
Biologic width is the distance established by `` the junctional epithelium and connective tissue attachment to the root surface '' of a tooth . The concept was first published by Ingber JS , Rose LF and Coslet JG . - The `` Biologic Width '' —A Concept in Periodontics and Restorative Dentistry in 1977 in the Alpha Omegan . It was based on cadaver measurements by Gargiulo , Wentz and Orban who did n't use the term “ Biologic Width ” or attach any clinical relevance to the measurements in their 1961 article . The actual name , Biologic Width , came in 1962 from Dr. D. Walter Cohen at the University of Pennsylvania . A In other words , it is the height between the deepest point of the gingival sulcus and the alveolar bone crest . This distance is important to consider when fabricating dental restorations , because they must respect the natural architecture of the gingival attachment if harmful consequences are to be avoided . The biologic width is patient specific and may vary anywhere from 0.75-4.3 mm .
Based on the 1961 paper by Gargiulo , the mean biologic width was determined to be 2.04 mm , of which 1.07 mm is occupied by the connective tissue attachment and another approximate 0.97 mm is occupied by the junctional epithelium . Because it is impossible to perfectly restore a tooth to the precise coronal edge of the junctional epithelium , it is often recommended to remove enough bone to have 3mm between the restorative margin and the crest of alveolar bone . When restorations do not take these considerations into account and violate biologic width , three things tend to occur :
chronic pain
chronic inflammation of the gingiva
unpredictable loss of alveolar bone
Ferrule effect
In addition to crown lengthening to establish a proper biologic width , a 2mm height of tooth structure should be available to allow for a ferrule effect . A ferrule , in respect to teeth , is a band that encircles the external dimension of residual tooth structure , not unlike the metal bands that exist around a barrel . Sufficient vertical height of tooth structure that will be grasped by the future crown is necessary to allow for a ferrule effect of the future prosthetic crown ; it has been shown to significantly reduce the incidence of fracture in the endodontically treated tooth . Because beveled tooth structure is not parallel to the vertical axis of the tooth , it does not properly contribute to ferrule height ; thus , a desire to bevel the crown margin by 1 mm would require an additional 1 mm of bone removal in the crown lengthening procedure . Frequently , however , restorations are performed without such a bevel .
Some recent studies suggest that , while ferrule is certainly desirable , it should not be provided at the expense of the remaining tooth/root structure . On the other hand , it has also been shown that the `` difference between an effective , long-term restoration and a failure can be as small as 1 mm of additional tooth structure that , when encased by a ferrule , provides great protection . When such a long-lasting , functional restoration can not be predictably created , tooth extraction should be considered . ''
Crown-to-root ratio
The alveolar bone surrounding one tooth will naturally surround an adjacent tooth , and removing bone for a crown lengthening procedure will effectively damage the bony support of adjacent teeth to some inevitable extent , as well as unfavorably increase the crown-to-root ratio . Additionally , once bone is removed , it is almost impossible to regain it to previous levels , and in case a patient would like to have an implant placed in the future , there might not be enough bone in the region once a crown lengthening procedure has been completed . Thus , it would be prudent for patients to thoroughly discuss all of their treatment planning options with their dentist before undergoing an irreversible procedure such as crown lengthening .
Treatment planning
Crown lengthening is often done in conjunction with a few other expensive and time-consuming procedures of which the combined goal is to improve the prosthetic forecast of a tooth . If a tooth , because of its relative lack of solid tooth structure , also requires a post and core , and thus , endodontic treatment , the total combined time , effort , and cost of the various procedures , as well as the impaired prognosis due to the combined inherent failure rates of each procedure , might combine to make it reasonable to have the tooth extracted . If the patient and the extraction site make for eligible candidates , it might be possible to have an implant placed and restored with more esthetic , timely , inexpensive , and reliable results . It is important to consider the many options available during the treatment planning stages of dental care .
An alternative to surgical crown lengthening is orthodontic forced eruption , it is non-invasive , does not remove or damage the bone and can be cost effective . The tooth is extruded a couple of millimeters with simple bracketing of adjacent teeth and using light forces this will only take a couple of months . A fiberotomy is performed after crown lengthening and is easily performed by the general dentist . In many cases such as this one shown , surgery and extraction may be avoided if patient is treated orthodontically rather than periodontally .
Crown lengthening techniques
Apically repositioned flap with osseous recontouring ( resection )
An apically repositioned flap is a widely used procedure that involves flap elevation with subsequent osseous contouring . The flap is designed such that it is replaced more apical to its original position and thus immediate exposure of sound tooth structure is gained . As discussed above , when planning a crown lengthening procedure consideration must be given to maintenance of the biologic width .
As a general rule , at least 4 mm of sound tooth structure must be exposed at the time of surgery . This , therefore , allows for proliferation of the supracrestal soft tissues , which are estimated to cover 2– 3 mm of the coronal root structure thereby leaving 1–2 mm of supragingivally located sound tooth structure . Furthermore , thought has to be given to the inherent tendency of gingival tissues to bridge abrupt changes in the contour of the bone crest . As such it is advised that bone recontouring must be performed not only around the problem tooth but also at the adjacent teeth to gradually reduce the osseous profile .
Consequently , substantial amounts of attachment may have to be sacrificed when crown lengthening is accomplished with an apically positioned flap technique . It is also important to remember that , for esthetic reasons , symmetry of tooth length must be maintained between the right and left sides of the dental arch . This may , in some situations , call for the inclusion of even more teeth in the surgical procedure .
Indications
Crown lengthening of multiple teeth in a quadrant or sextant of the dentition
Contraindications
Single teeth in the aesthetic zone becomes increasingly destructive .
Technique
A reverse bevel incision is made using a scalpel . This initial incision is guided by pre-operative planning and is based on the amount of tooth structure to be exposed . The beveling incision also should follow a scalloped outline , to ensure maximal interproximal coverage of the alveolar bone when the flap subsequently is repositioned . Vertical releasing incisions extending out into the alveolar mucosa , past the mucogingival junction , are made at each of the end points of the reverse incision , thereby making apical repositioning of the flap possible .
A full‐thickness mucoperiosteal flap is then raised to expose the root surfaces . The flap , incorporating the buccal/ lingual gingiva and alveolar mucosa , then has to be elevated beyond the mucogingival line in order to be able later to reposition the soft tissue apically . The marginal collar of tissue is then removed with curettes .
Osseous recontouring is then performed using a rotating round bur and copious water spray or bone chisels . The recontouring should aim to re-create the normal form of the alveolar crest , but at a more apical level .
Following the osseous surgery , the flap is repositioned to the level of the newly recontoured alveolar bone crest and secured in position . Full soft tissue coverage is inherently more difficult and as such a periodontal dressing should be applied to protect the denuded interproximal alveolar bone to retain the soft tissue at the level of the bone crest .
Advantages
Immediate increase in sound tooth structure can be achieved .
Disadvantages
Difficult procedure for patients to tolerate , increased post-operative pain
Forced tooth eruption
Orthodontic tooth movement can be used to erupt teeth in adults . If moderate eruptive forces are applied , the entire eruptive apparatus will move in unison with the tooth . As such , the units required must be extruded a distance equal to or slightly longer than the portion of sound tooth structure that will be exposed in the following surgical treatment . Once stabilized , a full-thickness flap is then elevated and osseous recontouring is performed to expose the required tooth structure . To restore aesthetic proportions correctly , the hard and soft tissues of adjacent teeth should remain unchanged .
Indications
Forced tooth eruption is indicated where crown lengthening is required , but attachment and bone from adjacent teeth must be preserved .
Contraindications
Forced tooth eruption requires a fixed orthodontic appliance . This poses problems in patients with reduced dentitions ; in such instances alternative crown lengthening procedures must be considered
Technique
Orthodontic brackets are bonded to the teeth requiring crown lengthening surgery and then to adjacent teeth , these are then combined within an archwire . A power elastic band is then tied from the bracket to the archwire ( or the bar ) , which pulls the tooth coronally . The direction of the tooth movement must be carefully checked to ensure no tilting or movement of adjacent teeth occurs .
Forced tooth eruption can also be performed with fiberotomy . This technique is adopted when gingival margins and crystal bone height are to be maintained at their pretreatment locations . Fiberotomy is performed at 7-10 day intervals during treatment . A scalpel is used to sever supracrestal connective tissue fibres , thereby preventing crystal bone from following the root in a coronal direction .
Advantages
Preserves osseous structure around adjacent teeth
Disadvantages
Procedure requires fixed wire placement . Treatment time can be prolonged .
References
Dentistry procedures
Surgical procedures and techniques
Richard Raynis ( born December 27 , 1956 ) is an American animator and television producer . He is a six-time Primetime Emmy Award winner for his work as one of the main producers of The Simpsons . He is also known for co-creating several Adelaide Productions series such as Extreme Ghostbusters , Men in Black : The Series , Godzilla : The Series , Roughnecks : Starship Troopers Chronicles , and Heavy Gear : The Animated Series .
Career
Raynis was born in 1956 in Los Angeles , and began his career in animation at the age of 21 on Ralph Bakshi 's The Lord of the Rings ( 1978 ) , working as a background illustrator . In 1982 , he graduated from the University of California , Los Angeles with a degree in English literature . Raynis worked on several shows created by DIC Entertainment in the mid-1980s . He served as a writer and director on ALF : The Animated Series and ALF Tales , and directed numerous episodes of The Real Ghostbusters . In addition , he was an executive on shows such as The New Adventures of Beany and Cecil and Dennis the Menace . Raynis is known as one of the main producers of The Simpsons , for which he has won six Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Animated Program . He began working on the show during its third season while at Film Roman , where he also worked as a producer on the shows King of the Hill , The Critic , and Futurama .
At Adelaide Productions , Raynis worked on various animated series in the 1990s and 2000s . He was an executive producer of Jumanji , which ran from 1996 to 1999 . Raynis co-created Extreme Ghostbusters ( 1997 ) and Godzilla : The Series ( 1998–2000 ) with Jeff Kline , and Men in Black : The Series ( 1997–2001 ) , Roughnecks : Starship Troopers Chronicles ( 1999–2000 ) , and Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot ( 1999–2001 ) with Kline and Duane Capizzi . He was also a producer on Dilbert , Max Steel , Jackie Chan Adventures , and Dragon Tales .
In film , Raynis was a supervising producer of The Simpsons Movie and the shorts The Longest Daycare and Playdate with Destiny . He also produced animation segments for the film The Edge of Seventeen along with David Silverman and various Simpsons staff .
Filmography
Television
ALF : The Animated Series ( producer , director )
ALF Tales ( producer , director )
The Real Ghostbusters ( producer , director )
COPS ( producer )
The New Adventures of Beany and Cecil ( production executive )
Dennis the Menace ( production executive )
The Simpsons
The Critic
Futurama
King of the Hill
Jumanji ( executive producer )
Extreme Ghostbusters ( developer , executive producer )
Godzilla : The Series ( developer , executive producer )
Men in Black : The Series ( developer , executive producer )
Roughnecks : Starship Troopers Chronicles ( developer , executive producer )
Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot ( developer , executive producer )
Film
The Lord of the Rings ( 1978 )
The Simpsons Movie ( 2007 )
The Edge of Seventeen ( 2016 )
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
American animated film producers
American television directors
American storyboard artists
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Asturians ( ) are a Celtic-Romance ethnic group native to the autonomous community of Asturias , in the North-West of the Iberian Peninsula .
Culture and society
Heritage
Asturians are directly descended from the Astures , who were Celtic inhabitants of the northwest Iberian Peninsula before the conquest of the peninsula by the Romans which resulted in their Latinization . By the early Middle Ages , their Celtic language had fallen into disuse and was replaced by a Latin-derived language still spoken today called Asturian . Their original language can be found in toponyms throughout Asturias , including the name of Asturias itself , which is believed to derive from the Celtic root stour meaning 'river ' . Other aspects of Asturian culture have not been Latinized or Hispanicized , such as the music , mythology , and festivals which remain Celtic .
Religion
Asturians ' religious affiliation is predominantly Roman Catholic . The Catholic faith has historically been important to Asturians , as the Battle of Covadonga and the founding of an independent Asturian Kingdom by Pelayo were believed to have been due to the fact that Pelayo prayed to a statue of the Virgin Mary in a cave before his victory in battle . Believing that Mary miraculously aided the Asturians in the battle , a shrine was set up in her honour in Covadonga .
Prior to their Christianization , Asturians followed a polytheistic Celtic religion . Many elements of this faith have survived in the form of Asturian mythological creatures and folkloric legends told today .
Languages
Throughout history , Asturian people have been subject to multiple language shifts . They originally spoke a Q-Celtic language , similar to that of the neighbouring Gallaeci people . However , due to the Roman conquest of Asturias , the language became replaced with the modern Asturian language , also known as bable , which is a Romance language . Since few records of the original Celtic language remain , it can not be revived and has gone extinct .
The Asturian language , once also widely spoken by Asturians , has been in decline since the early 20th century , although around 40 % of Asturians still speak the language ( 10 % as a mother tongue ) . As Asturias is presently part of Spain , language shift toward Castilian Spanish continues to occur . Whilst not recognized as an official language in Spain , it is protected under the Autonomous Statute legislation , and efforts to preserve the language continue to be made . In the western part of Asturias , Eonavian ( which is a transition language between Galician-Portuguese and Asturian ) is also spoken , and its promotion also falls under the responsibility of Law 1/1998 .
Cuisine
The most famous traditional dish is Fabada Asturiana , a rich stew made with large white beans ( fabes ) , pork shoulder ( llacón ) , morciella , chorizu , and saffron ( azafrán ) . Apple groves foster the production of the traditional alcoholic drink , a natural cider ( sidra ) . It is a very dry cider , and unlike French or English natural ciders , uses predominantly acidic apples , rather than sweet or bittersweet . Sidra is traditionally poured in by an expert server ( or escanciador ) : the bottle is raised high above his or her head to oxygenate the brew as it moves into the glass below .
Music
The Danza Prima is the most famous Asturian dance . The most characteristic instrument is the gaita asturiana , or Asturian bagpipe . Similar bagpipes can be found in neighbouring regions such as Cantabria and Galicia .
Emigration
In March 2019 , it was reported that there are 133,854 Asturians living in 65 countries .
Americas
Asturians were involved in the development of the New World and their descendants in present-day Latin America , esp . in Argentina and Uruguay ; and other countries where Asturians moved to during the rule of the Spanish Empire . The Industrial Revolution came to Asturias after 1830 with the discovery and systematic exploitation of coal and iron resources . At the same time , there was significant migration to the Americas ( i.e . Mexico , Cuba and Puerto Rico ) ; those who succeeded overseas often returned to their native land much wealthier . These entrepreneurs were known collectively as 'Indianos ' , for having visited and made their fortunes in the West Indies and beyond . The heritage of these wealthy families can still be seen in Asturias today : many large 'modernista ' villas are dotted across the region , as well as cultural institutions such as free schools and public libraries . Asturian communities , social clubs , sporting teams , financial banks and amateur vocal groups are still found in Mexico and Argentina as well across South America .
Tens of thousands of Asturians moved to the United States en masse , mainly to agricultural industries of Florida and California and the zinc smelters of West Virginia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . They were also involved in working in industrial bases of Midwestern factory towns . ( see Asturian-American ) . A characteristic of the Asturian wherever they go is their attachment to the land of their birth . This is reflected in the 82 Asturian Centers in America . Well-known people whose ancestors are Asturian , include Gloria Estefan , Eva Longoria , Vicente Fox , Miguel Díaz-Canel or Pimpinela . Martín de Argüelles was the first european who has born in the current United States .
As of 2019 , there are 103,655 Asturian living in the Americas .
Europe
In the case of Europe , the largest Asturian community sits in Belgium , with 8,208 members . France , with 4,913 , Germany , with 3,994 , and Switzerland , with 3,786 , are also traditional countries of Asturian emigration .
Notable people of Asturian origin
Chindasuinth
Pelagius of Asturias
Alfonso I of Asturias
Silo of Asturias
Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos
Fernando Villaamil
Leopoldo Alas
José Andrés ( chef )
Federico Romero
Indalecio Prieto
Luis Walter Alvarez ( Nobel Prize in Physics )
Severo Ochoa ( Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine )
Santiago Carrillo
Margarita Salas
Corín Tellado
Queen Letizia of Spain
Luis Enrique Martínez
David Villa
Juan Mata
Fernando Alonso ( F1 World champion )
Lou Piniella , American baseball player and manager
Melendi
Andrés Manuel López Obrador ( President of Mexico )
Miguel Díaz-Canel ( President of Cuba )
See also
Astures ( one of the Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula )
Kingdom of Asturias
Languages of Spain
References
Romance peoples
Celtic ethnic groups
Susannah Augusta Maxwell ( 10 March 1805 – 11 February 1923 ) was a prominent Black citizen of Richmond Hill , Ontario , Canada , in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Maxwell was born in Pennsylvania in 1805 to free Black parents , but orphaned at a young age . She became an indentured servant to a white family , who apparently provided some education as she learned to read and write . As an adult , she married Henry Maxwell and the couple established a household in Lancaster County , possibly in Christiana .
The family was forced to flee Pennsylvania after the Christiana incident , as the influx of bounty hunters , encouraged by the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 , made it unsafe for Black residents to remain . In 1855 the family was living in New York State ( where her daughter Charlotte Matilda ( Tillie ) was born ) and by 1858 they 'd arrived in Upper Canada via the Underground Railroad , spending some time in Toronto .
In 1871 they moved to Richmond Hill , north of Toronto , and were one of very few , if not the only , Black families in the town . Henry worked as a stoker and Susannah , along with two of her daughters , operated a laundry business from their home . One story tells of Maxwell walking to work in Markham , where wages were higher , and falling unconscious in a snow storm on her return journey . She was found by a dog who alerted nearby residents who saved her . Her husband died soon after they moved to Richmond Hill .
Maxwell was active in the local Presbyterian Church .
She lived to the age of 117 , surviving her husband and all five of her children . At the time of her death in 1923 she was reported to be Canada 's oldest citizen . Her funeral was conducted by Richard Amos Ball , a minister of the British Methodist Episcopal Church church and the son of fugitive slaves who had also used the Underground Railroad to reach Canada .
References
1805 births
1923 deaths
People from Lancaster County , Pennsylvania
People from Richmond Hill , Ontario
American indentured servants
Underground Railroad people
Black Canadian women
African-American women
Canadian people of African-American descent
Canadian supercentenarians
NCND may refer to :
`` Neither Confirm Nor Deny '' , the Glomar response to a US Freedom of Information Act
Neither confirming nor denying , in U.S. security policy ; See Iowa-class battleship
Neither Confirm Nor Deny , a policy regarding UK Defence Nuclear Material Transport Operations
Non-Circumvent and Non-Disclosure ; See List of business and finance abbreviations
Non-circumvent agreement
Non-disclosure agreement
This article includes detailed statistics of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia .
Summary
Cases
The numbers of cases in the charts below referred to the number of cases at the end of each day ( 23:59 AEDT ) until 4 April 2020 . Since 5 April 2020 , the federal government standardised the daily case number release time to 15:00 AEST which has been reflected in the data .
This data has been compiled by recording the daily values from the infographic available under `` Current Status '' on the Australian Government 's Department of Health website . Under National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System reporting requirements , cases are reported based on their Australian jurisdiction of residence rather than where they were detected .
Cumulative cases
Daily confirmed cases
Active cases
As of 12 October 2021 , there were 26,448 estimated active cases of COVID-19 in Australia . A case is considered active if a person who was COVID-19 positive but has yet to be classified as recovered and has not died . The chart below tracks active cases since 5 April 2020 , when the Federal Government began reporting nationwide recovery data . However , since 20 July 2020 , the Federal Government began reporting official estimation of nationwide active cases and this has been reflected in the chart .
Clusters
The largest cluster in Australia from the start of the pandemic until 5 November 2021 , when Australia reached its 80 percent vaccination target and entered the consolidation phase of its COVID-19 transition plan , was the Flemington/North Melbourne public housing cluster with 310 cases . The deadliest cluster in Australia was at St Basil 's Homes for the Aged in Victoria , where 45 residents died .
Deaths
As of 12 October 2021 , officially 1,461 people linked to COVID-19 have died in Australia . At least 753 deaths were residents in aged care facilities , and at least 29 deaths had been passengers or crew on cruise ships .
Cases and deaths by age group and gender
The following table represents the number of cases and deaths for each age group and gender as of 29 December 2021 . The data is sourced from the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System ( NNDSS ) and the Federal Government .
References
COVID-19 pandemic in Australia
Australia
The Rocky Mountains Forest Reserve is a tract of land owned by the government of Canadian province of Alberta ( called `` Crown land '' ) along the eastern slopes and foothills of the Albertan section of the Canadian Rockies . It is a long strip of land just east of the more famous Canadian Rocky Mountain parks , which is managed for industrial and economic goals , rather than aesthetic and conservation goals as in the parks .
The area had been recommended for protection as early as 1896 when S. Dennis , the chief inspector of surveys for Department of the Interior , wrote a letter to the secretary of the department , stating that `` the permanency of our water supply is largely dependent upon the preservation of the forests at present covering the watershed , and this protection can only be secured by prohibiting the cutting of the timber . '' Surveyor William Pearce was an early and influential advocate of preserving the region , and convinced the government to set aside a large part of the region from the agricultural settlement occurring elsewhere in the Canadian West . His continued efforts persuade the Canadian government , in 1902 , to enlarge adjacent Rocky Mountain Park ( later Banff National Park ) to twice its modern size . The Rocky Mountains Forest Reserve was first created in 1910 by the federal government of Canada by privy council order # 939 to protect the headwaters of the rivers which supply most of the Canadian prairies with fresh water . Since its inception the area has always been managed to allow industrial activity , particularly logging and mining , with must less importance placed on recreational or conservation uses , in contrast to the neighbouring national parks . Nevertheless , water has been a recurring theme , with the protection of the headwaters always being the stated priority of government agencies . A 1911 report on the area by the Department of the Interior describes it as
The size and shape of the reserve changed repeatedly and dramatically in its early years . In its original configuration in 1910 the forest reserve constituted two disconnected pieces of land , neither of which are part of the modern reserve : the more northerly part was north of Jasper National Park ( today the Willmore Wilderness ) and the southerly section was between Jasper Park and Rocky Mountain Park ( today the northern third of Banff National Park ) . In 1911 , Jasper and Rocky Mountain parks were reduced in size and the land transferred to the Rocky Mountains Forest Reserve . The reserve was expanded eastwards in 1913 . In 1917 Rocky Mountain Park and in 1927 Jasper Park were greatly expanded at the expense of the reserve . In 1929 and 1930 , the park boundaries were adjusted slightly giving the Kananaskis valley back to the reserve . With the passage of the Alberta Natural Resources Act , 1930 management of the parks and reserve became separated as all public lands ( outside of national parks and military bases ) in Alberta were transferred from the federal to the provincial government , including the reserve . Water management was still a shared responsibility until the 1970s , however .
In 1948 , the province designated all of its forested lands the `` Green Area '' , including the eastern slopes . The provincial government did not enact legislation to formalize its management of the region as a forest reserve until the Forest Reserves Act of 1964 , which provides `` for the maintenance of water supply and the conservation of forests and other vegetation . '' Since the provincial government acquired the reserve , its area has slowly been reduced as other land-use regimes have been established in various smaller parcels of the land , such as the Willmore Wilderness Park established 1950s , the three strict wilderness areas ( Ghost River , Siffleur , and White Goat ) established in the 1960s , the Kananaskis Country parks system established in the 1970s , and the numerous small parks and recreation areas along the David Thompson corridor established over several decades . In 1979 the McLean Creek watershed , along with the Ghost–Waiparous farther north , were designated Forest Land-Use Zones ( FLUZes ) where off-road vehicles ( ORVs ) are permitted , and since that time ORV use in the area has expanded dramatically , causing groups such as the Ghost River Watershed Alliance and the public at large to express concern about stream-bed erosion and other disturbances .
References
Alberta 's Rockies
Forests of the Rocky Mountains
Forests of Alberta
Land management
Hills of Alberta
Government of Alberta
Protected areas of the Rocky Mountains
Forest conservation
Protected areas of Alberta
