Julien Dupré ( , March 18 , 1851 – April , 1910 ) was a French painter .
He was born in Paris on March 18 , 1851 to Jean Dupré ( a jeweler ) and Pauline Bouillié . It was expected that he enter the family business , and to that end Dupré began working in a shop that sold lace . However , his parents were forced to close their shop due to the war of 1870 and the siege of Paris . With time on his hands , Dupré began taking evening courses at the Ecole des Arts Décoratifs and it was through these classes that he gained admission to the École Nationale et Spéciale des Beaux-Arts .
At l'Ecole he studied with Isidore Pils and Henri Lehmann . In the mid-1870s he traveled to Picardy and became a student of the rural genre painter Désiré François Laugée , whose daughter Marie Eléonore Françoise he married in 1876 ; the year he exhibited his first painting at the Paris Salon .
Dupré received a gold medal at the Exposition Universelle of 1889 in Paris . In 1892 , he was awarded the Legion of Honour .
Dupré was teacher to Lucy Scarborough Conant .
Throughout his career Dupré championed the life of the peasant and continued painting scenes in the areas of Normandy and Brittany . He exhibited regularly until his death in April , 1910 .
Works in public collections
The Hay Harvest ( 1881 ) - Chimei Museum , Tainan , Taiwan ( R.O.C . )
Haying Scene ( 1884 ) - St. Louis Art Museum , St. Louis , Missouri
The Haymakers ( 1886 ) - Worcester Art Museum , Worcester , Massachusetts
Return From the Fields ( n.d. ) - Joslyn Art Museum , Omaha , Nebraska
In Pasture ( 1882 ) - Washington University Art Gallery , St. Louis , Missouri
Haying Scene ( 1882 ) - Washington University Art Gallery , St. Louis , Missouri
Young Woman Watering Cattle - Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Massachusetts
Haymaking ( 1892 ) - Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Massachusetts
Children Feeding Geese ( 1881 ) - Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Massachusetts
Peasant Girl with Sheep ( n.d. ) - The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco , California
Milking Time ( n.d. ) - The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco , California
Women in the Fields ( n.d. ) - Bowdoin College Museum of Art , Brunswick , Maine
The Young Shepherdess ( n.d. ) - San Diego Museum of Art , San Diego , California
In the Pasture ( 1883 ) - University of Kentucky Art Museum , Lexington . Kentucky
Le Ballon ( 1886 ) - Reading Public Museum and Art Gallery , Reading , Pennsylvania
The Harvesters ( 1885 ) - The Appleton Museum of Art , Ocala , Florida
The Harvester ( c.1880/1 ) - Huntington Museum of Art , Huntington , West Virginia
Home From the Pasture ( n.d. ) - Columbia Museum of Art , Columbia , South Carolina
Woman Harvesting Hay ( n.d. ) - Museum of Fine Arts , Houston , Texas
The White Cow ( La vache blanche ) ( ca . 1890 ) - Musée d'Orsay , Paris , France
Les faucheurs du luzerne ( 1880 ) - Musée d'Orsay , Paris , France
References
Bibliography
External links
Julien Dupré Catalogue Raisonné research conducted by Howard L. Rehs & Professor Janet Whitmore
1851 births
1910 deaths
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French genre painters
Academic art
French Realist painters
19th-century French male artists
South Shaanxi Road ( ) is the name of an interchange station between Lines 1 , 10 and 12 of the Shanghai Metro . It is situated within the inner ring-road on the boundary between Huangpu District and Xuhui District .
The newest line that the station serves is Line 12 which opened on 19 December 2015 . During the construction of Line 12 , interchanging between lines 1 and 10 required exiting the station and crossing a road . Passengers using a Shanghai Public Transportation Card were not charged an extra fare as long as they re-entered the station within 30 minutes ; those using single-ride tickets , however , had to purchase a new ticket .
The main shopping mall at the station is IAPM which is placed at the crossing between the three lines , so it has direct underground entrances from lines 10 and 12 . These entrances do n't have metro exit numbers , so they are additional to the 10 numbered exits .
The station got its name from the road along which line 12 is lying , South Shaanxi Road . This is the South portion of Shaanxi Road , which in turn got its name from Shaanxi Province .
Places nearby
IAPM Mall
Huaihai Road , shopping street
Xintiandi
Xiangyang Park
Jinjiang Hotel
Shanghai Culture Plaza ( former Canidrome site )
Shanghai Museum of Arts and Crafts
Yongkang Road which used to be the expats ' favorite bar street .
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Railway stations in China opened in 1995
Shanghai Metro stations in Huangpu District
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Line 1 , Shanghai Metro
Line 10 , Shanghai Metro
Line 12 , Shanghai Metro
Henry Russell ( 14 November 1871 – 11 October 1937 ) was an English impresario , conductor , director , and singing teacher .
Early life
Henry Ronald Russell was born in London , the son of Henry Russell , a composer , pianist , and baritone , and his partner ( later wife ) Hannah de Lara , an artist . He was the brother of the musician Sir Landon Ronald . From his father 's first marriage to Isabella Lloyd , a member of the Lloyd banking family , he had two elder half brothers , novelist William Clark Russell and Anglican priest Henry Lloyd Russell .
He was educated at St Marylebone Grammar School . Russell was `` first destined for medicine , but severe illness diverted him to music . '' After St Marylebone , he then pursued studies in singing at the Royal College of Music and conducting in Italy .
Career
Russell began his career as a singing teacher , first in London ( where Nellie Melba supplied him with his first singing pupils ) and then in Rome . He then worked as a conductor at various opera houses in Italy . In 1904 , he established the San Carlo Opera Company ( SCOC ) , originally a touring arm of the Teatro di San Carlo of Naples , Italy . The company soon became its own institution and toured to the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , London in late 1905 . Russell and his company were responsible for presenting the whole 1905-1906 season at Covent Garden , and Russell directed or conducted all the productions .
After completing the season in London , Russell and the SCOC went to Boston in the United States in 1906 . The group remained based in Boston and gave tours annually of mostly Italian operas throughout the United States from 1906-1909 in addition to giving performances in Boston . With the opening of the Boston Opera House in 1909 , the company essentially became the seed for the newly formed Boston Opera Company ( BOC ) , which Russell co-founded with the Bostonian millionaire Eben Jordan , Jr . He continued to direct the BOC until it went bankrupt in 1915 .
After the BOC folded , Russell went to work for the Metropolitan Opera in New York as the company 's associate director . He eventually returned to England , where he was involved in directing productions at the Waldorf Theatre in London . He also directed a season of operas at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris .
Personal life
Russell married three times , first to Portuguese singer Nina Hannah da Costa Andrade ( b . 1870 ) , daughter of the Marquis de Pombal , whom he married in 1895 . Before their divorce , they were the parents of two children :
Henry Tosti Russell ( b . 1896 ) , a reporter who interviewed the exiled Queen Victoria of Spain in 1936 about Edward VIII 's relationship with Wallis Simpson .
Sheridan William Robin Russell ( 1900–1991 ) , a prominent cellist .
His second wife was fellow singer Donna Shinn ( b . ) , a collaborator of designer Natacha Rambova . They divorced and he married his third wife , actress Lady Patricia Ethel Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood ( b . 1902 ) on 11 June 1926 . Lady Patricia was the youngest of three daughters of Terence Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood , 2nd Marquess of Dufferin and Ava and his American wife , the former Flora Davis . A year before their marriage , Lady Patricia 's mother remarried to Richard Curzon , 4th Earl Howe . There were no children of the second and third marriages .
Russell died at his home in London on 11 October 1937 at the age of 65 .
References
1871 births
1937 deaths
English Jews
Opera managers
Dr. Muhamad Akmal bin Saleh ( born 2 July 1988 ) is a Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) , a component party of the ruling Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition who has served as Member of the Melaka State Executive Council ( EXCO ) in the BN state administration under Chief Minister Sulaiman Md Ali since November 2021 and Member of the Melaka State Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) for Merlimau since November 2021 . He is also the Deputy Youth Chief of UMNO of Melaka and Youth Chief of UMNO of Jasin .
Political career
Muhamad was elected to the Melaka State Legislative Assembly in the 2021 state election , winning the seat of Merlimau from Roslan Ahmad also of the ruling BN coalition . In addition , he was also appointed as Member of the Melaka state EXCO in charge of Health and Anti-drugs by Chief Minister Sulaiman in November 2021 .
Election results
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Members of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly
Malacca state executive councillors
Kenseth is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Matt Kenseth ( born 1972 ) , American racing driver
Ross Kenseth ( born 1993 ) , American racing driver , son of Matt
See also
Kenneth
Kensett ( disambiguation )
Kensit
Hardenberg Wilthen AG is a distillery in Nörten-Hardenberg and Wilthen , Germany . It produces Korn and a number of other liquors . The company ranks as Germany 's second largest liquor producer .
History
Hardenberg Wilthen has been owned and managed by the Hardenberg family since 1700 . The ancestral home of the knights of Hardenberg is Hardenberg Castle at Nörten-Hardenberg , which the family acquired in 1287 and owns to this day . They were created barons and , in 1778 , counts .
The company is made up of three divisions :
The Schwartzhog Grain Distillery `` Graflich von Hardenberg 's sche Kornbrennerei '' , at Hardenberg .
The wine distillery , `` Wilthener Weinbrennerei '' , founded at Wilthen in 1843 and acquired by Hardenberg in 1992 .
The ancient liquor producing plant `` Der Lachs '' .
Products
The company 's most important product is Wilthener Goldkrone ( with 26 million bottles a year ) , its most traditional product is Hardenberg Weizenkorn , furthermore Schwartzhog , Sambalita , Helios , Persiko , Milder Wacholder , Kleiner Keiler , Wilthener Gebirgskräuter , Danziger Goldwasser and Miamee . As of 2011 , the turnover is reported to be 97 million Euros .
Schwartzhog
Schwartzhog is a brand name of `` Kräuterlikör '' ( herbal liqueur ) . Traditionally it is consumed as a digestif liqueur , its ingredients include herbs , fruits and roots such as wormwood , ginger and “ Sauwurz ” ( Gentiana lutea ) .
Sauwurz
`` ( Gentian ) comforts the heart and preserves it against faintings and swoonings . ''
Nicholas Culpepper , Complete Herbal ( 1653 )
Sauwurz , ( literally `` Hogroot '' ) is a member of the Gentian family and is found across central and southern Europe , at high altitudes . Its inclusion in the original Schwartzhog recipe , would have been for its digestive qualities , for the belief that it strengthened the body 's inner systems .
While Sauwurz 's digestive properties were recognised by herbalists over 3000 years ago , superstition and old wives tales attributed other , less scientific qualities to this variety of the gentian root . It was said that wild boar in the Black Forest were drawn to it for its aphrodisiac qualities , hence the name `` Sauwurz '' or Hogroot . There is no scientific basis to this myth , nor any indication that Hogroot has any such effect on humans .
The Hardenberg Hog
The hog or wild boar in the family coat-of-arms dates back to the 14th century , when Germany was made up of rival kingdoms , baronies and principalities . Hardenberg castle was built by the Electors of Mainz to defend their property in the region against feuds by neighbouring chieftains , and the knights of Hardenberg served as their Burgmanns . On one particular night , a group of warriors from Plesse Castle approached Hardenberg Castle under cover of darkness , to take the Hardenbergs by surprise . Before the invaders could take positions , a wild boar began to squeal loudly , warning the Hardenberg army in time to see off the attack and prevent a siege . From that day , the head of a black wild boar - or Schwartz Hog - has been the family crest of the Hardenberg family , and later of their business and its products . `` The liquor with the head of a boar '' ( `` Der Korn mit dem Keilerkopf '' ) .
References
Hardenberg family
Alcoholic drink brands
The A1078 is an A road in King 's Lynn , Norfolk . It begins and finishes on the A148 . The road is an essential part of the transport infrastructure of King 's Lynn , as it links King 's Lynn Docks , and its industrial estates , to the A149 Queen Elizabeth Way ( King 's Lynn Southern Bypass ) , allowing HGV traffic to reach the A47 main trunk road without passing through the centre of King 's Lynn .
History
Original Northumberland route
The original A1078 was created on 1 April 1924 , by upgrading the B1333 to Class I status .
Starting at Guide Post , where it met the A196 and A1063 , the road headed north to cross the River Wansbeck before crossing open fields to end on the A197 to the west of Ashington .
Today , the road is part of the A1068 , which has been extended from its original southern end at Ashington .
References
Roads in England
Transport in Norfolk
Johnson Collins , also referred to as Collin Collins , ( 1847–1906 ) was an American politician , known for representing Brunswick County in the 1879–1880 session of the Virginia General Assembly . Little is concretely known about Collins ' early life , but it is known that he was an African-American born in August 1847 in Virginia .
Collins ran for the House of Delegates in 1879 and won by a narrow margin against the incumbent and a third candidate . While serving on the General Assembly Collins served on the Committee on Federal Relations and Resolutions and the Committee on Public Property , and supported a bill sponsored by the Readjustor Harrison H. Riddleberger . Collins did not seek re-election for his position and later moved to Washington , D.C. , where he died on November 3 , 1906 . He was buried at the Columbian Harmony Cemetery but was moved to the National Harmony Memorial Park in the 1960s .
In 2013 Collins was recognized by the state of Virginia and the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Commission as one of several African-American that were Senators , Delegates , or members of the Virginia Constitutional Convention between 1867 and 1868 .
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
1847 births
1906 deaths
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
African-American politicians during the Reconstruction Era
African-American state legislators in Virginia
People from Brunswick County , Virginia
20th-century African-American people
The TurnKey Linux Virtual Appliance Library is a free open-source software project which develops a range of Debian-based pre-packaged server software appliances ( also called virtual appliances ) . Turnkey appliances can be deployed as a virtual machine ( a range of hypervisors are supported ) , in cloud computing services such as Amazon Web Services or installed in physical computers .
Features
The project maintains around 100 virtual appliances , all freely licensed , with daily automatic security updates and backup capabilities .
They are packaged in formats for different virtualization platforms , and two builds for installing onto physical media ( to non-virtualized hard disk or USB from a hybrid ISO ) or onto the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud .
Virtual appliances distributed as virtual machine types such as :
Open Virtualization Format ( OVA ) - As of v14.0 was the default VM format . It supports VirtualBox and most VMware products ( e.g . Workstation , Player , Fusion and vSphere/ESX ) . Also includes open-vmtools ( for VMware ) .
VMDK - `` VM '' in Turnkey Linux download mirrors - As above , but packaged as a zip containing a VMDK vHDD as well as a VMX ( legacy VMware vm config file ) . Runs on KVM/QEMU
OpenStack
Container - This somewhat generic container format is specifically packaged for Proxmox ( as tar.gz ) ( and formerly OpenNode too ) . These builds can be downloaded direct within Proxmox 's WebUI ( and formerly via OpenNode 's interface ) . The tar.gz archive is also known to work with both vanilla OpenVZ and LXC with minimal tweaking .
Xen
Docker
Installable Live CD/USB : a hybrid ISO image which can be burned to either CD or USB and used to install on both bare metal ( I.e . a non-virtualized physical machine ) and virtual machines , including VMware , Xen , XenServer , VirtualBox , and KVM . This image can also run live in non-persistent demo mode .
Amazon Machine Image : provisioned on-demand on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud via either the TurnKey Linux Hub or Amazon Marketplace .
Pre-integrated server applications include LAMP , WordPress , Joomla , Drupal , Redmine , MySQL , MediaWiki , Domain controller , File server , Ruby on Rails , phpBB , and many others .
History
Founded by engineers of an Israeli startup , the project was conceived in mid-2008 as a community-oriented open source project that would focus on helping users piece together turnkey solutions from open source components in the largest Linux distributions . According to one of TurnKey Linux 's co-founders , the project was in part inspired by a desire to provide open source alternatives to proprietary virtual appliance vendors that would be aligned with user interests and could engage the community .
The project launched in September 2008 with three prototype appliances for Drupal , Joomla and LAMP , based on the Ubuntu 8.04.1 build . In the following months usability was improved and a dozen additional appliances were released including Ruby on Rails , MediaWiki and Django .
In October 2009 , the project released 40 appliances based on Ubuntu 8.04.3 including 25 new additions to the virtual appliance library . The release included support for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud , and a new Virtual machine image format with OVF support .
TurnKey Linux was listed as a winner of the 2009 `` Bossies '' by InfoWorld as one of the `` top 40 open source products '' of that year .
In September 2010 , Turnkey Linux Backup and Migration ( TKLBAM ) was announced .. In November 2010 , further additions to TKLBAM were announced including the integration of Webmin , which was discussed as a future feature in the original unveiling of the TKLBAM .
Turnkey Linux was nominated for the SourceForge February 2012 Project of the Month .
In August 2012 , version 12.0 was released with the library increased to include over 100 appliances . This release also marked a move away from Ubuntu as the underlying Operating System to Debian 6.0 ( a.k.a . Squeeze ) . This move was cited as being for various reasons , particularly security .
Early June 2013 saw a significant change of tack with the version 12.1 update release ; built with the new `` TKLDev '' open build infrastructure . This release also included the first X86-64 builds . Later that same month , the Turnkey Linux custom application code was moved to GitHub which also included a tracker for appliances bug reports . As promised , in mid July Turnkey Linux released their image building appliance ( TKLDev ) as well as an additional separate GitHub account to house all the appliance specific code ( used by TKLDev to build the appliances ) .
November 2013 saw the release of v13.0 , based on Debian 7.2 ( a.k.a . Wheezy ) .
September 2015 saw the long overdue release of v14.0 , based on Debian 8.2 ( a.k.a . Jessie ) , followed by an April 2016 maintenance release , v. 14.1 , based on Debian 8.4 .
Design
TurnKey 's virtual appliances start life as a `` stripped down '' Debian bootstrap ( versions previous to v12.0 based on Ubuntu . ) To this is added the TurnKey Core , which includes all the common features for the project 's virtual appliances , including :
di-live : a live installer , derived from debian-installer .
A configuration console : developed in Python for the project to allow users to perform basic configuration tasks ( for example , networking configuration , reboots )
An automatic mechanism that installs security patches on a daily basis .
Web administration interface based on Webmin which includes a selection of generic add-on control and configuration modules .
Web browser based shell
TKLBAM ( TurnKey Linux Backup And Migration ) - a custom TKL backup/migration application/service that uses Duplicity as a backend . By default TKLBAM uses Amazon S3 for storage , but can also be configured to use any other storage medium supported by Duplicity . As of version 1.4 TKLBAM is available for non-TKL Linux OS .
The TurnKey Core has a footprint of approximately 110 MB , and is available as a separate download . Application software is installed on top of the Core , which typically increases the size of a virtual appliance up to approximately 160 MB . By downloading and installing the appliance package to the hard drive , it is intended by the developers that administrators would gain an easy method of setting up a dedicated server .
New software appliances , or customised appliances can be developed by forking the appropriate appliance build code on GitHub and then built using TKLDev . Additionally appliances can also be customized and extended using TKLPatch , a simple appliance modification mechanism .
TurnKey Linux can be run as a virtual machine with VirtualBox and VMWare , although the former has been described as having been provided with more documentation .
Screenshots
See also
Virtual appliance
Software appliance
Live CD
Bitnami
References
External links
Project website
The TurnKey Linux `` Hub ''
Issue Tracker ( bugs and feature requests )
Development wiki
X86-64 Linux distributions
Free software culture and documents
Cloud infrastructure
Software appliances
Ubuntu derivatives
Debian-based distributions
Linux package management-related software
Free server software
Free system software
Linux distributions
Ulan was a Kazakh UCI Continental cycling team . It competed only for the 2008 season .
2008 roster
Major wins
2008
Stage 2 Tour du Loir-et-Cher , Valentin Iglinskiy
Stage 4 Five Rings of Moscow , Simas Kondrotas
Stages 3 & 6 Vuelta a Navarra , Valentin Iglinskiy
Stage 4 Dookoła Mazowsza , Linas Balčiūnas
References
Defunct cycling teams based in Kazakhstan
Cycling teams based in Kazakhstan
Cycling teams established in 2008
Cycling teams disestablished in 2008
UCI Continental Teams ( Europe )
Joseph H. Conlin ( February 12 , 1928 – March 5 , 2007 ) was an American impresario and opera director . Born in Chicago , Conlin founded Conlin Associates , a New York based talent management agency which presented many important European artists via United States tours , including Beniamino Gigli , Jussi Björling , and Renata Tebaldi . He also served as the General Director of the Palm Beach Opera during the 1980s . At the time of his death in West Palm Beach , Florida he was president of the Musicians ' Club of New York and was still active as a concert presenter .
References
1928 births
2007 deaths
Impresarios
American opera directors
People from Chicago
The Japanese thrush ( Turdus cardis ) is a species of bird in the thrush family Turdidae . The species is also known as the grey thrush or the Japanese grey thrush . The species was once split into two subspecies , with birds breeding in China being treated as the subspecies T. c. lateus , , but today differences are attributed to natural variation and the species is treated as being monotypic .
The Japanese thrush is migratory . It breeds in central China and Japan , arriving in Japan by April or May ; it winters in coastal southern China ( including Hainan ) and northern Laos and Vietnam leaving its breeding grounds around October . It occasionally turns up as a passage migrant in Taiwan , and has been vagrant in Thailand . The species is usually found in forests and woodlands , either deciduous or mixed deciduous and coniferous in its breeding habitat , but also secondary forest and even gardens and parks .
The Japanese thrush is a mid-sized thrush . The two sexes have different plumage ( sexual dimorphism ) . The male has a black head , breast , back , wings and tail , and a white underside with black spots in the upper belly and flanks . The legs , bill and thin eye-ring are yellow . The female is brown above and has a white throat , breast and belly , washed with rusty orange on the flanks and black spots .
The Japanese thrush feeds on the ground , scratching through leaf-litter to find insects and earthworms . It will also take fruit . It lays 2-5 eggs in a nest made of twigs and moss , bound with mud and lined with hair and rootlets . The eggs are incubated for 12–13 days and the chick nestling period is 14 days . The species double broods ( raising two broods a season ) , with the female laying a new clutch soon after the first brood fledges .
References
Japanese thrush
Japanese thrush
Birds of China
Birds of Japan
Japanese thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Form perception is the recognition of visual elements of objects , specifically those to do with shapes , patterns and previously identified important characteristics . An object is perceived by the retina as a two-dimensional image , [ 1 ] but the image can vary for the same object in terms of the context with which it is viewed , the apparent size of the object , the angle from which it is viewed , how illuminated it is , as well as where it resides in the field of vision . [ 2 ] Despite the fact that each instance of observing an object leads to a unique retinal response pattern , the visual processing in the brain is capable of recognizing these experiences as analogous , allowing invariant object recognition . recognition|object recognition ] ] . Visual processing occurs in a hierarchy with the lowest levels recognizing lines and contours , and slightly higher levels performing tasks such as completing boundaries and recognizing contour combinations . The highest levels integrate the perceived information to recognize an entire object . Essentially object recognition is the ability to assign labels to objects in order to categorize and identify them , thus distinguishing one object from another . During visual processing information is not created , but rather reformatted in a way that draws out the most detailed information of the stimulus .
Physiology
Form perception is a demanding task for the brain because a retina has a significant blind spot and retinal veins that obstruct light from reaching cells that detect light , or photoreceptor cells . The brain handles the blind spots through boundary processes , includes perceptual grouping , boundary completion , and figure-ground separation , and through surface processing , including compensation for variable illumination ( “ discounting the illuminant ” ) , and filling blank areas with the surviving illuminant-discounted signals .
In addition to photoreceptors , the eye requires a properly functioning lens , retina , and an undamaged optic nerve to recognize form . Light travels through the lens , hits the retina , activates the appropriate photoreceptors , depending on available light , which convert the light into an electrical signal that travels along the optic nerve to the lateral geniculate nucleus of the thalamus and then to the primary visual cortex . In the cortex , the adult brain processes information such as lines , orientation , and color . These inputs are integrated in the occipito-temporal cortex where a representation of the object as a whole is created . Visual information continues to be processed in the posterior parietal cortex , also known as the dorsal stream , where the representation of an object 's shape is formed using motion-based cues . It is believed that simultaneously information is processed in the anterior temporal cortex , also known as the ventral stream , where object recognition , identification and naming occur . In the process of recognizing an object , both the dorsal and ventral streams are active , but the ventral stream is more important in discriminating between and recognizing objects . The dorsal stream contributes to object recognition only when two objects have similar shapes and the images are degraded . Observed latency in activation of different parts of the brain supports the idea of hierarchal processing of visual stimuli , with object representations progressing from simple to complex .
Development
By five months of age infants are capable of using line junction information to perceive three-D images , including depth and shape , like adults are able . However , there are differences between younger infants and adults in the ability to use motion and color cues to discriminate between two objects . Visual information then continues to be processed in the posterior parietal cortex , also known as the dorsal stream , where the representation of an objects shape is formed using motion-based cues . The identification of differences between the infant and adult brain make it clear that there is either functional reorganization of the infant 's cortex or simply age related differences in which the breed impulses have been observed in infants . Although the infant brain is not identical to the adult brain , it is similar with areas of specialization and a hierarchy of processing . However , adult abilities to perceive form from stationary viewing are not fully understood .
Dysfunction
Dysfunctions in distinguishing differences in sizes and shapes of objects can have many causes , including brain injury , stroke , epilepsy , and oxygen deprivation . Lesions on the brain that develop as a result of injury or illness impair object recognition . Regions that specifically lead to deficits in object recognition when a lesion is present include the right lateral fusiform gyrus and the ventrolateral occipito-temporal cortex . These areas are crucial to the processing of shape and contour information , which is the basis for object recognition . Although there is evidence to support that damage to the areas mentioned leads to deficits in object recognition , it is important to note that brain damage , regardless of the cause , typically is extensive and present on both halves of the brain , complicating the identification of key structures . [ 12 ] Although most damage can not be undone , there is evidence of reorganization in the unaffected areas of the affected hemisphere , making it possible for patients to regain some abilities .
Dysfunctions in form perception occur in several areas that involve visual processing , which is how visual information is interpreted . These dysfunctions have nothing to do with actual vision but rather affect how the brain understands what the eye sees . Problems can occur in the areas of visual closure , visual-spatial relationships , visual memory , and visual tracking . After identifying the specific visual problem that exists , intervention can include eye exercises , work with computer programs , neurotherapy , physical activities , and academic adjustments .
Injury and illness
Potential injuries to the brain include but are not limited to stroke , oxygen deprivation , blunt force trauma , and surgical injuries . When patients have lesions on their brain that develop as a result of injury or illness , such as multiple sclerosis or epilepsy , it is possible that they may have impaired object recognition which can manifest in the form of many different agnosias . Similar deficits have also been observed adults that have suffered blunt force trauma , strokes , severe carbon monoxide poisoning as well as in adults that have surgical damage following removal of tumors . Deficits have also been observed in children with types of epilepsy that do not lead to the formation of lesions . It is believed that in these cases the seizures cause a functional disruption that is capable of interfering with the processing of objects . Regions that specifically lead to deficits in object recognition when a lesion is present include the right lateral fusiform gyrus and the ventrolateral or ventromedial occipito-temporal cortex . These structures have all been identified as being crucial to the processing of shape and contour information , which is the basis for object recognition . Although people with damage to these structures are not able to properly recognize objects , they are still capable of discerning the movement of objects . Only lesions in the parietal lobe have been associated with deficits in identifying the location of an object . Although there is strong evidence to support that damage to the above-mentioned areas leads to deficits in object recognition it is important to note that brain damage , regardless of the cause , is typically extensive and present on both halves of the brain , complicating the identification of key structures . Although most damage can not be undone , there is evidence of reorganization in the unaffected areas of the affected hemisphere , making it possible for patients to regain some function .
Aging
Whether or not visual form learning is retained in older humans is unknown . Studies prove that training causes improvement in form perception in both young and old adults . Learning to integrate local elements is negatively affected by age , however . Advancing age hinders the ability to process stimuli efficiently to identify objects . More specifically , recognizing the most basic visual components of an object takes a lot longer . Since the time it takes to recognize the object-parts is expanded , the recognition of the object itself is also delayed . Recognition of partially blocked objects also slows down as we age In order to recognize an object that is partially obscured we need to make perceptual inferences based on the contours and borders that we can see . This is something that most young adults are able to do , but it slows down with age . In general , aging causes a decrease in the processing capabilities of the central nervous system , which delays the very complex process of form perception .
See also
Gestalt psychology
Neurology
Visual appearance
References
Perception
Unsolved problems in neuroscience
The Irish derby is a term given to football matches between Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland . A total of 11 matches has been played with Republic of Ireland winning four as compared to Northern Ireland 's two wins and five matches ending in a draw .
History
The rivalry started in the second half of the 19th century , as the football was getting fame on the island of Ireland , but due to game being more famous among the Ulster Protestants community , therefore the Irish Football Association was setup in Belfast . It was not until 1880s that the football was famous across the whole island .
The Association was also biased towards Northern players as between 1882 and 1921 only 75 of southern players were capped and compared to 798 of the northern .
List of matches
Statistics
All-time most appearances
References
International association football rivalries
Republic of Ireland national football team
Northern Ireland national football team
Politics and sports
Vrnčani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 330 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
'St Joseph 's Young Priest 's Society ' is a Roman Catholic Lay organisation which supports the training of young men to become priests , it also promotes the vocation of the laity and fosters a greater understanding and love of the Mass .
Founded by Olivia Taaffe , who in 1895 published an Irish edition of the magazine , with the help of Fr . Joseph Darlington SJ and Fr . Harry Browne , for the Arch-confraternity of St. Joseph at Maranville , France , from this the St. Joseph 's Young Priests Society developed . The Sheaf is published today as the newsletter for the society .
Over its existence the Society has helped students from every Irish diocese , Great Britain , Asia , America and Africa .
The Society has branches which meet regularly in many parishes of Ireland , It also hosts an annual pilgrimage to Knock .
External links
St Josephs Young Priests Society , official site
References
Catholic lay organisations
1895 establishments in Ireland
Catholic organizations established in the 19th century
Blue on blue may refer to :
Music
`` Blue on Blue '' ( song ) , a 1963 hit song recorded by Bobby Vinton
Blue on Blue ( Bobby Vinton album ) , 1963
Blue on Blue ( Leigh Nash album ) , 2006
`` Blue on Blue '' , a song by James Blunt from Moon Landing
`` Blue on Blue '' , a song by the Pet Shop Boys on the `` Minimal '' DVD
Television
`` Blue on Blue '' ( Ugly Betty ) , an episode of Ugly Betty
`` Blue on Blue '' ( Under the Dome ) , an episode of Under the Dome
Other
Blue on Blue : An Insider 's Story of Good Cops Catching Bad Cops , 2017
Friendly fire ( inadvertent firing toward friendly forces ) , called `` blue on blue '' in NATO terminology
Rothkopf is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
David Rothkopf ( born 1955 ) , American political scientist
Ernst Rothkopf ( 1925–2012 ) , Austrian-born American educational psychologist
Louis Rothkopf ( 1903–1956 ) , American businessman
Scott Rothkopf , American art curator
Hemkund Sahib ( also spelled Hemkunt ) , formally known as Gurudwara Shri Hemkund Sahib Ji , is a Sikh place of worship and pilgrimage site in Chamoli district , Uttarakhand , India . It is devoted to Guru Gobind Singh ( 1666–1708 ) , the tenth Sikh Guru , and finds mention in Dasam Granth . With its setting of a glacial lake surrounded by seven mountain peaks , each adorned by a Nishan Sahib on its cliff , it is according to the Survey of India located in the Garhwal Himalaya at an elevation of . It is approached from Govindghat on the Rishikesh-Badrinath highway . The main town near Gobindghat is Joshimath . The altitude of the lake at Hemkund is approximately 13,650 feet .
Etymology
Hemkund is a Sanskrit name derived from Hem ( `` Snow '' ) and Kund ( `` bowl '' ) . Dasam Granth says this is the place where Pandu Raja practiced Yoga . In addition , the Dasam Granth says that in a former life , Guru Gobind Singh meditated intensely at Hemkund on Akaal
Travel
Hemkund is inaccessible from October through April because of snowbound paths and glaciers . Sikh pilgrims arrive in May and set to work to repair the damage to the path over the winter , which tradition is called kar seva ( `` selfless service '' ) , a concept which forms an important tenet of the Sikh faith .
The take-off point for Hemkund Sahib is the town of Govindghat , about from Rishikesh . The trek is along a reasonably well-maintained path to the village of Ghangaria ( also called Govinddham ) . This path can be covered either by walk or by pony and a Gurudwara here gives shelter to pilgrims . In addition , there are a few hotels and a campground with tents and mattresses . A climb on a of stone paved path leads to Hemkund . Overnight stay is not allowed at Hemkund Sahib , so it is necessary to leave by 2 PM to make it back to Govindghat by dusk .
From Delhi , tourists take the train to Haridwar and then travel by bus to Govindghat via Rishikesh . It is also possible to drive from Delhi to Govindghat , a distance of about which takes around 18 hours to cover . Recently , an Indian airline company has started a helicopter service between Govindghat and Ghangria . The flight takes about 5 minutes .
A recent study examining altitude sickness at Hemkund Sahib found that almost one-third of pilgrims who traveled to Hemkund suffered from Acute Mountain Sickness ( a form of altitude sickness ) . As approximately 150,000 pilgrims are believed to travel to Hemkund Sahib each trekking season , almost 50,000 people are at risk of developing Acute Mountain Sickness each year . The authors stated the difficult nature of the trek , limited water consumption , and lack of awareness regarding altitude sickness as the main contributory factors .
Present Gurudwara
Design and construction of the present gurudwara at Hemkund was started in the mid-1960s , after Major General Harkirat Singh , KCIO , Engineer-in-Chief , Indian Army visited the gurudwara . The engineering brain behind the gurudwara project , Major General Harkirat Singh selected Architect Manmohan Singh Siali of the Military Engineering Services ( MES ) to head the design and construction effort . Thereafter , Architect Siali made annual trips to Hemkund Sahib and organized and supervised complex construction . M/s Sahib Singh , Harbhajan Singh & Gursharan Singh were the dedicated Gursikh contractors who worked on the construction , overcoming numerous weather , altitude , terrain , and logistic challenges . The unique design and construction are acclaimed as marvels , both of which have borne the test of sustainability over the past many decades .
Valley of Flowers
About from Gobinddham is the long Valley of Flowers . The Indian Government has declared this valley a national park . It is situated in Nanda Devi Bio Reserve , and all activities are carefully regulated to preserve the valley in pristine condition . The best months to visit are July and August , during the monsoons . Legend has it that a flower called Brahma-Kamal blossoms here every 12 years . The trek to the valley is for advanced trekkers , especially during an extended period of rainfall . Almost every single rock on the path to the valley of flowers is wobbly and requires significant level of concentration to avoid an unnecessary injury . It is a popular second destination for pilgrims visiting Hemkunt Sahib and definitely worth spending a day .
Gallery
References
Further reading
Gurdwara in the Himalayas : Sri Hemkunt Sahib , by Suparna Rajguru , M. S. Siali . Published by Hemkunt , 2001. .
Pilgrimage to Hemkunt , by Jaswant Singh Neki . Photographs by Sondeep Shankar . New Delhi , UBSPD , 2002 , .
External links
Hemkund Sahib Yatra Information
HemKund Sahib Road Map
Facebook Page
Sikh places
Religious tourism in India
Tourism in Uttarakhand
Gurdwaras in Uttarakhand
Chamoli district
Boom Baby Boom is the fifth studio album by Australian rock band Mondo Rock , released in September 1986 . It peaked at number 27 on the Kent Music Report .
Reception
Cash Box magazine called the album a `` clever , dance-rock outing full of potential singles . Enough quirky , progressive elements to interest modern-leaning musos ; enough pop craftsmanship and crisp song writing to catch traditionalists . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Mondo Rock :
Ross Wilson – vocals , harmonica
Eric McCusker – guitar , backing vocals
Duncan Veall – keyboards , backing vocals
Andrew Ross – keyboards , saxophone , backing vocals
James Gillard – bass , backing vocals
John James Hackett – drums , percussion , guitar , backing vocals
with :
Alex Pertout – percussion
Bruce Allen – second saxophone on `` Rule of Threes '' and `` Roman Holiday ''
Greg Thorne – trumpet on `` Rule of Threes ''
Bob Venier – flugelhorn
Angus Davidson , Pat Wilson , Ross Hannaford , Venetta Fields – backing vocals
Production team :
Producer , Engineer , Mixed by – Bill Drescher
Assistant Engineers – Angus Davidson ( recording ) , Charlie Brocco ( mixing )
Charts
References
Mondo Rock albums
1986 albums
Polydor Records albums
Columbia Records albums
Scerdilaidas or Skerdilaid ( ; ruled 218206 BC ) was an Illyrian ruler of the Illyrian kingdom under the Labeatan dynasty . Before taking the throne , Scerdilaidas was commander of the Illyrian armies and played a major role in the Illyrian Wars against the Romans .
Scerdilaidas was one of the youngest brothers of Agron and father of Pleuratus III and grandfather of Gentius . Scerdilaidas took part in many expeditions in the Ionian and Aegean with Demetrius and his brother-in-law Amynas of Athamania . During his early reign Scerdilaidas was an ally of Rome . In 217 BC Scerdilaidas later adopted Roman rule and became an enemy of Macedonia for parleying with Rome . With the Romans invested by Hannibal , Philip V of Macedon sought to take southern Illyria from Scerdilaidas and made several advancements into the Ardiaean State from 214 BC to 210 BC .
In reaction , the Aetolian League and the Dardanians under Longarus joined with Scerdilaidas to defeat the Macedonians in 208 BC . With no chance of victory , Philip V accepted peace in 205 BC . Unlike most other Illyrian kings of which there is only sparse data , Scerdilaidas is mentioned in the writings of the historian Appian , Livy and Polybius , and in their chronicles of the Roman and Greek wars .
Commander
Under Queen Teuta
Long before he became king , Scerdilaidas was a leader who helped determine Illyrian policy . He was the commander of the Illyrian army during the reign of his brother , Agron . Scerdilaidas also served under Teuta and even Demetrius of Pharos . He was one of the leading supporters of Queen Teuta when she took on the regency of Pinnes . He played a determining role in the plans of Teuta to create an Adriatic front against Rome .
Under the reign of Teuta , Scerdilaidas was the commander of a large land force of 5,000 during the Invasion of Epirus in 230 BC . Scerdilaidas marched south through the pass at Antigoneia to assist Teuta 's forces at the Epirote capital of Phoenice . News that Scerdilaidas was on his way caused the Epirotes to send part of their forces north to secure the city . After the Illyrian victory at the Battle of Phoenice , Epirus begged for assistance from the Greek Leagues , while Teuta 's army , having joined up with the forces led by Scerdilaidas , marched inland to Halicranum deep in the heart of Epirus , on the plain of modern Ioannina .
Scerdilaidas chose a good position and prepared the army for battle against the Leagues the next day which he believed he would win . Orders to withdraw arrived from Teuta because some of the revolting Illyrians within the Ardiaean State had joined the influential Dardanian State under Longarus who wanted to invade the northern regions of Teuta 's state . Scerdilaidas was forced to return and secure the Ardiaean State 's northern borders from Longarus . As Scerdilaidas marched north , Teuta secured a peace treaty in favour of the Ardiaean State . While still in Epirus Scerdilaidas led a fleet of lembi on the Ionian Sea and swept through Corfu and Onchesmos and intercepted and plundered some merchant vessels of Rome .
After the defeat of Teuta during the First Illyrian War in 228 BC , young Pinnes , formally King of Illyria under Teuta 's regency , was confirmed to remain king of a limited Ardiaean State by the victorious Romans . Soon the regency was taken over by Demetrius of Pharos , who married Pinnes ' mother , Triteuta , the divorced wife of Scerdilaidas ' brother Agron . This happened most probably without consent of Rome , even if Demetrius was their ally .
Under Demetrius
In 220 BC Demetrius and Scerdilaidas made a joint expedition down the Ionian coast to the Peloponnese with 90 lembi , and thus Demetrius violated the treaty with Rome by sailing south of the coastal city of Lissus . After an assault on Pylos in the western Peloponnese was successful , they divided their force . Demetrius with fifty ships sailed on a raiding expedition in the Aegean against the Cyclades , while Scerdilaidas with the remaining forty ships agreed to support the Aetolians in an invasion of the Achaean League . On putting in at Naupactus , Scerdilaidas was encouraged by his brother-in-law Amynas , king of the Athamanes , to join them in the planned invasion of Achaea . Scerdilaidas and his allies also attacked but failed to take Cleitor . While Scerdilaidas collaborated with the Aetolians , Demetrius was persuaded to assist the Macedonian cause against Aetolia on his return via the Isthmus of Corinth . Demetrius returned to the Ardiaean State and began to revive Illyrian power . However , he was beaten by the Romans in 219 BC during the Second Illyrian War .
Relations with Macedon
After the Second Illyrian War , Pinnes was again proclaimed king . Pinnes was not favoured among the Illyrians and in 218 BC Scerdilaidas took over his nephew 's role and became king . Under pressure from the Carthaginians in Spain , the Romans did not intervene . In 220 BC Scerdilaidas entered into an alliance with Philip V of Macedon . Scerdilaidas had aided Philip during the Social War against the Spartans but this produced little profit for him . Scerdilaidas ' support for Macedon against the Aetolians was curtailed by 'plots and conflicts ' caused by rulers of various cities .
In 217 BC , Scerdilaidas ceased his support for Philip V , maintaining that a promised subsidy was unpaid and long overdue . He dispatched 15 ships , ostensibly to collect and escort the payment , but at the island of Leucas south of Corcyra his forces killed two of Philip 's Corinthian allies and seized their four ships . Scerdilaidas ' fleet then sailed south and began to plunder shipping around Cape Malea in the southern Peloponnese . In response , Philip prepared a strong naval force of twelve decked ships , eight open vessels and thirty hemioliae , which headed south at full speed to deal with Scerdilaidas . This counterattack by Philip was too slow and missed its targets . Scerdilaidas went on to march into Dassaretia , taking several cities and invading parts of western Macedonia . He looted Pissaeum in Pelagonia and overran some frontier districts of Macedon . Before the winter Philip had occupied the area of Lyncestis , cutting off the direct route from Illyria , and extended his power to Dassaretia . Philip was planning an invasion of Illyria . However , in doing so , he would face not only the lembi of Scerdilaidas , but also the heavier warships of the Roman navy .
First Macedonian War
Scerdilaidas soon entered into an alliance with Rome . Influenced by Demetrius , Philip 's first target was the Illyrian coast . In 216 BC he had built a fleet of one hundred light warships , using Illyrian shipwrights . He led his fleet around the Peloponnese into the Adriatic , gambling that Rome , deeply involved in the Hannibal crisis , would not intervene . Scerdilaidas appealed for help and the Romans sent ten heavy quinqueremes from Sicily . Philip fled and the invasion of Illyria was avoided for the moment . Twice thwarted in attempts at invasion of Illyria by sea , and now constrained by Laevinus ' fleet in the Adriatic , Philip spent 213 BC and 212 BC making advances in Illyria by land . Keeping clear of the coast , he took the inland towns of Atintania and Dimale , and subdued the tribe of the Dassaretii and the Illyrian Parthini and the southern part of the Ardiaean State .
Scerdilaidas , with his son Pleuratus III , Longarus of the Dardanian State and Epirus , together with the Aetolian League allied with each other in prepratiuon for Rome 's response . During the conflict , Scerdilaidas fought to recover the lands lost during First Illyrian War but the Treaty of Phoenice in 205 BC formally acknowledged the favourable position of Macedonia , including the capture of the southern Illyrian communities . He died sometime before the treaty in 205 BC as only his son Pleuratus III is listed among those present at Phoenice .
See also
List of rulers of Illyria
References
Bibliography
Illyrian royalty
3rd-century BC births
206 BC deaths
3rd-century BC rulers
First Macedonian War
The Deep Foundations Institute ( DFI ) is an international membership association of contractor , engineers and suppliers in the field of design and construction of deep foundations and excavations . The organization is classified as a 501 ( c ) ( 6 ) non-profit corporation under the United States Internal Revenue Code . DFI was formed in 1976 .
The institute functions via the volunteer activity of its members , including an 18-member board of trustees , and through the management of its staff located in Hawthorne , New Jersey .
Technical committees
Augered Cast-In-Place Pile
Codes and Standards
Deep Foundations for Landslide/Slope Stabilization
Drilled Shaft
Driven Pile
Ground Improvement
Helical Foundations & Tiebacks
Marine Foundations
Micropile
Seismic & Lateral Loads
Slurry Wall
Soil Mixing
Sustainability
Testing and Evaluation
Tiebacks & Soil Nailing
References
External links
Deep Foundations Institute Website
DFI Corporate Member Directory of Foundation Specialists
DFI Europe Website
DFI Educational Trust Webpage
501 ( c ) ( 6 ) nonprofit organizations
Kostas Papadakis ( Kissamos , 1920 – May 2003 ) was a popular Cretan violinist , famous for playing Cretan folk music . He was known by the nickname `` Naftis '' ( Ναύτης ) which , in Greek , means sailor . He began playing the violin at age seven . Papadakis played an Italian violin dated back to 1710 , when Crete was under Venetian occupation . His first public performance took place at a wedding reception when he was ten . From 1959 till 1976 he lived in the United States and , in 1981 , he moved to Australia where he stayed for five years . He performed live in numerous musical events and festivals in different countries .
Kostas Papadakis first recorded an album in 1938 . Throughout his career , he participated in several recordings that included his own compositions . He also published a book in 1989 entitled The Cretan Lyre , a Myth which supported the idea that the first instrument , used by early Cretan musicians to play Cretan music , was the violin and not the lyre .
External links
Musical identities of ( Papadakis ) , by Tullia Magrini
1920 births
2003 deaths
Cretan musicians
Greek violinists
20th-century violinists
People from Kissamos
Greek expatriates in the United States
Greek expatriates in Australia
The Journal of Thermal Spray Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is dedicated to thermal science and its application for the improvement of material properties and functionality of coatings . The journal regularly publishes review papers and special issues . it is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ASM International . The editor-in-chief is Armelle Vardelle ( Université de Limoges ) .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 2.757 .
References
External links
Engineering journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1992
Pigtail Alley Historic District in Lumpkin , Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
It runs along both sides of Old Chestnut Road and includes small cottages and large plantation houses .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia ( U.S. state )
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County , Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Victorian architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Euvola ziczac , or the zigzag scallop , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae . It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America , ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies and Bermuda .
Features
Euvola ziczac is known by many names . Previously , its scientific name was Pecten ziczac , but most current literature lists both Euvola and Pecten for clarity . Like other scallops , zigzag scallops bear the characteristic two-valved , calcium carbonate shells that are rounded along the outer edges and flattened at the bottom near the prominent hinges . On either side of the hinge are projecting “ ears ” or auricles that contribute to scallops ' distinctive shapes . In Bermuda , zigzag scallops commonly grow to 120 mm , but they are generally not as large in the Caribbean .
Zigzag scallop shells show a wavy , crenulated pattern along their outer edges and have several colored rays varying from white to orange , yellow , or gray . Within this pattern are well-defined annual rings which make determining a scallop 's age relatively easy to the trained eye . The zigzag scallop 's lower valve is somewhat cup-shaped , whereas its upper valve forms a flat to concave lid . They exhibit a zigzag pattern of stripes on their shells which gives the species its name . It also moves in a zigzag pattern when jetting .
Zigzag scallops in particular have a series of bright blue eyes along the edge of their mantles . These eyes , ocelli , are sensitive to changes in light intensity , and signal the animals to close their shells if they sense a change in shadows or another nearby disturbance . The scallops also close their shells if exposed to the air or mildly threatened . Surrounding the ocelli are small sensory tentacles which line the conspicuous inner fold of the mantle . These serve to regulate water flow into and out of the animal .
Habitat and conservation
Zigzag scallops have been found historically in several areas around Bermuda , including Harrington Sound , where they were once a popular catch among recreational fishers . Overfishing through the 1970s decimated the population to the point that a series of 1987 SCUBA surveys around the island discovered only two scallops at two different sites . Besides Bermuda , zigzag scallops can be found off Cape Hatteras in North Carolina , throughout the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean , and as far south as Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Zigzag scallops inhabit shallow waters between two and seven meters deep near the shore and form beds in sandy areas . Scallops as a group are specially adapted to the temperature and salinity fluctuations that are part of life in the intertidal zone . Individuals bury themselves with sediment except for their tentacles , which project above the sediment and are usually the only part of the animal visible to observers . Their concave upper valves hold a thin layer of sediment that is thought to prevent fouling organisms from colonizing . Given the chance , a variety of fouling organisms will colonize scallop shells , including algae , barnacles , polychaete tube worms , sponges , hydrozoans , bryozoans , and even other molluscs .
Diet
Like other bivalve molluscs , Bermuda scallops feed by passively filtering plankton and organic matter from the surrounding water . They are primarily herbivorous and subsist on phytoplankton , although they have been known to inadvertently consume small planktonic animals , as well . Scallops have even been known to orient themselves in relation to surrounding water currents , but the advantages of such behavior are still being investigated . Because of their submerged , sand-dwelling lifestyle , zigzag scallops in particular extend their tentacles out of the sediment so they can continue to filter-feed even when the rest of their bodies are buried in the sand .
Reproduction
Zigzag scallops are a hermaphroditic species which reproduces through broadcast spawning . They are known as “ dribble spawners ” in Bermuda because , while the local population spawns around the same general times of year , no synchronous mass spawning events occur . Instead , individuals spawn at slightly different times within the same season . Spawning usually occurs twice annually , although exact spawning periods vary by region . Small , D-shaped planktonic larvae develop within two days of fertilization and feed on phytoplankton . Overall , the larval stage lasts about 12 days , after which the larvae settle and become juvenile scallops , which are known as “ spat ” . Spat have the same general body form as adults , and show a wide variety of colors , but will darken as they mature .
Commercial importance
Scallops are a significant commercially important part of the global seafood industry . Bermuda alone imports an estimated 50,000 pounds of scallops a year , almost all of which are frozen . Globally , almost one million tons of scallops are cultured every year . Until recently , zigzag scallops had not been cultured , mainly because their low densities usually can not support commercial fisheries .
References
External links
Euvola ziczac , ITIS .
Euvola ziczac , The Cephalopod Page .
Bermuda Scallop , Protected Species Photo Gallery .
Pectinidae
Molluscs described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Rubia argyi is a species of flowering plant of the family Rubiaceae . Its common names may include `` East Asian madder '' .
References
argyi
The Clark Mountain Range is located in southeastern California , north of Interstate 15 and the community of Mountain Pass . The range stretches approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) in a southwest-northeasterly direction , beginning in the Mojave National Preserve , and ending near Stateline Pass , about one mile ( 1.6 km ) from the Nevada border . Clark Mountain , at 7,929 feet ( 2,417 m ) above sea level , is the principal peak of the range .
The foothills of the range are in creosote scrub and Joshua tree forests , which adjoin the dense Joshua tree woodlands atop Cima Dome . Higher up , pinyon pine and juniper grow on the `` sky island '' which occasional rains create above 6,000 feet ( 1,800 m ) . The north side of the crest contains a small forest of white fir trees , which is extremely difficult to reach . Clark Mountain is one of three mountain areas where these rare trees persist ; Kingston and New York Mountains are the other two areas where the Rocky Mountain white fir – Abies concolor can be found in California .
Interstate 15 traverses the mountain pass between the Clark Range and the Mescal Range to the south . The small town of Mountain Pass is located just south of the range on the north side of I-15 . The Mountain Pass rare earth mine owned by Molycorp Minerals is a recently reactivated rare earth element mine on the southern flank of the mountain . A major mine expansion project began in January 2011 .
The range contains Keany Pass and the Umberei Mine .
See also
Cima Dome & Volcanic Field National Natural Landmark
Mojave National Preserve
References
Zdon , Andy . Desert Summits . Spotted Dog Press : Bishop , CA , 2000 .
Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
Mountain ranges of San Bernardino County , California
Ivanpah Valley
Mojave National Preserve
Prior is a brand name used by Nortura on its eggs and white meat ( mainly chicken , hen and turkey ) . The brand dates back to 1977 when Norsk Eggcentral rebranded Sol-egg to Prior . The brand was owned by Prior Norge until 2006 when it merged with Gilde Norsk Kjøtt to form Nortura .
External links
Prior
Nortura
Norwegian brands
Brand name poultry meats
Jean-David Nau ( ) ( c. 1630 – c. 1669 ) , better known as François l'Olonnais ( ) ( also l'Olonnois , Lolonois and Lolona ) , was a French pirate active in the Caribbean during the 1660s .
Early life
In his 1684 account The History of the Buccaneers of America , Alexandre Exquemelin notes l'Olonnais ' place of birth as les Sables-d'Olonne , Kingdom of France . He first arrived in the Caribbean as an indentured servant during the 1650s . By 1660 his servitude was complete . He began to wander various islands before arriving in Saint-Domingue – in what is now Haiti – and becoming a buccaneer . He preyed upon shipping from the Spanish West Indies and the Spanish Main .
A year or two ( dates regarding l'Olonnais are uncertain ) into his piratical career , l'Olonnais was shipwrecked near Campeche in Mexico . A party of Spanish soldiers attacked l'Olonnais and his crew , killing almost the entire party . L'Olonnais survived by covering himself in the blood of others and hiding amongst the dead .
After the Spanish departed , l'Olonnais , with the assistance of some escaped slaves , made his way to the island of Tortuga . A short time later , he and his crew held a town hostage , demanding a ransom from its Spanish rulers . The governor of Havana sent a ship to kill l'Olonnais ' party . l'Olonnais captured and beheaded the entire raiding crew save one , whom he spared so that a message could be delivered to Havana : `` I shall never henceforward give quarter to any Spaniard whatsoever . ''
The sacking of Maracaibo
In 1666 l'Olonnais sailed from Tortuga with a fleet of eight ships and a crew of 440 pirates to sack Maracaibo in what is modern day Venezuela , joining forces with fellow buccaneer Michel le Basque . En route , l'Olonnais crossed paths with a Spanish treasure ship which he captured , along with its cargo of cocoa beans , gemstones and more than 260,000 Spanish dollars .
At the time the entrance to Lake Maracaibo and thus the city itself was defended by the San Carlos de la Barra Fortress with sixteen guns , which was thought to be impregnable . L'Olonnais approached it from its undefended landward side and took it in few hours . He then proceeded to pillage the city , and found that most of the residents had fled and that their gold had been hidden . L'Olonnais ' men tracked down the residents and tortured them until they revealed the location of their possessions . They also seized the fort 's cannon and demolished most of the town 's defence walls to ensure that a hasty retreat was possible .
L'Olonnais himself was an expert torturer , and his techniques included slicing portions of flesh off the victim with a sword , burning them alive , or tying knotted `` woolding '' ( rope bound around a ship 's mast to strengthen it ) around the victim 's head until their eyes were forced out .
Over the following two months , l'Olonnais and his men raped , pillaged and eventually burned much of Maracaibo before moving to San Antonio de Gibraltar , on the eastern shore of Lake Maracaibo . Despite being outnumbered the pirates slaughtered 500 soldiers of Gibraltar 's garrison and held the city for ransom . Despite the payment of the ransom ( 20,000 pieces of eight and five hundred cattle ) , l'Olonnais continued to ransack the city acquiring a total of 260,000 pieces of eight , gems , silverware , silks as well as a number of slaves . Word of his attack on Maracaibo and Gibraltar reached Tortuga , and l'Olonnais earned a reputation for his ferocity and cruelty . He was given the nickname `` The Bane of Spain '' ( ) .
Expedition to Honduras
Seven hundred pirates enlisted with l'Olonnais when he mounted his next expedition , this time to the Central American mainland . In 1667 , after pillaging Puerto Cavallo on the coast of Honduras , l'Olonnais was ambushed by a large force of Spanish soldiers while en route to San Pedro . Only narrowly escaping with his life , l'Olonnais captured two Spaniards . Exquemelin wrote : '' 'He drew his cutlass , and with it cut open the breast of one of those poor Spanish , and pulling out his heart with his sacrilegious hands , began to bite and gnaw it with his teeth , like a ravenous wolf , saying to the rest : I will serve you all alike , if you show me not another way '' .
Horrified , the surviving Spaniard showed l'Olonnais a clear route to San Pedro . L'Olonnais and the few men still surviving were repelled , and retreated back to their ship . They ran aground on a shoal on the Pearl keys from Nicaragua . Unable to dislodge their craft , they headed inland to find food . From here , he ran several operational attacks to Campeche , San Pedro Sula and Guatemala and trying to penetrate Nicaragua inland cities through the Nicaraguan river ( now called El rio grande de Matagalpa ) and was defeated and almost killed by the natives of the region . He escaped and went to Cartagena in Colombia , looking for food . He was captured by the natives from el Darién , a modern-day province of Panama . They were captured by the indigenous Kuna tribe , which killed l'Olonnais . Exquemelin wrote that the natives :
`` ... tore him in pieces alive , throwing his body limb by limb into the fire and his ashes into the air ; to the intent no trace nor memory might remain of such an infamous , inhuman creature '' .
At some point before his death he sailed briefly to Jamaica to sell off a prize ship . It was purchased in 1668 by Roc Brasiliano , who sailed with Jelles de Lecat against the Spanish alongside Henry Morgan .
In popular culture
The Japanese transliteration of l'Olonnois ( Roronoa ) served as inspiration for the name of Roronoa Zoro in the manga series One Piece . In the 1980 film The Island , it is revealed that a secret enclave of pirates had been in existence for three hundred years , after it was established by Jean-David Nau ( also known as François l'Olonnais ) . Furthermore , his South American exploits might have been partial inspiration for the Errol Flynn character , Geoffrey Thorp , in The Sea Hawk ( 1940 film ) .
Nau is one of nine historical pirates who can be fought in Sid Meier 's Pirates !
References
Exquemelin , Alexander . The History of the Bucaniers of America , 1684 .
Talty , Stephan . Empire of Blue Water : Captain Morgan 's Great Pirate Army , the Epic Battle for the Americas , and the Catastrophe That Ended the Outlaws ' Bloody Reign , 2007 .
Губарев , Виктор . Пираты острова Тортуга , Москва , 2011 .
External links
World History Encyclopedia - François L'Olonais
Pirates & Privateers : The History of Maritime Piracy - L'Olonnais
1630s births
1660s deaths
17th-century French people
17th-century pirates
People from Les Sables-d'Olonne
French pirates
French cannibals
Cannibalised people
Indentured servants
People of Saint-Domingue
French domestic workers
Dayseeker is an American post-hardcore band from Orange County , California , United States . The band is currently signed to Spinefarm Records . To date , the band has released four albums : What It Means To Be Defeated in 2013 , which was re-released a year later ; Origin in 2015 , which was also reissued in 2016 ; Dreaming Is Sinking /// Waking Is Rising in 2017 ; and Sleeptalk in 2019 .
History
Formation and debut album What It Means to Be Defeated ( 2012-2014 )
Dayseeker was formed in 2012 by vocalist Rory Rodriguez , guitarists Alex Polk and Gino Sgambelluri , bassist Andrew Sharp and drummer Mike Karle in Orange near San Diego , California . Rory Rodriguez and Alex Polk were members in a band called Arms Like Yours before forming Dayseeker .
The band released a series of demos including the songs `` What It Means to Be Defeated '' , `` Collision.Survive '' and `` Resurrect '' , which were released on their debut record as well as two untitled songs . On July 7 , 2013 , the band was signed to inVogue Records , which released their debut album What It Means to Be Defeated on October 29 , 2013 . It featured work by Joey Sturgis , who mastered the record . On November 24 , 2014 , the album was re-released . Tom Denney , a former guitarist of A Day to Remember was involved in producing the re-released version of the album . The re-issue features three acoustic tracks .
In November and December 2013 the band toured the United States on a three-week tour alongside Kingdom of Giants . In April and May 2014 the band was part of the Artery Across the Nation Tour , which featured Upon This Dawning and The Browning in the line-up .
Origin ( 2014-2016 )
On December 23 , 2014 , the band announced they would be a part of the Hawthorne Heights tour between March and April 2015 . After that tour , the band then shared the stage with Silent Planet in April and May 2015 to promote Origin .
In January 2015 , the band announced they were to begin recording the follow-up to their debut album What It Means to Be Defeated with producer Nick Ingram , who had worked with Hotel Books and Before Their Eyes in the past . On March 9 , 2015 , it was announced that the album was entitled Origin and would be released on April 21 , 2015 . The same day the same-titled lead single as well as the pre-orders were announced , the band released a cover of Nick Jonas ' song `` Jealous '' .
Departure from InVogue and Dreaming Is Sinking / Waking Is Rising ( 2016-2018 )
The band members Alex Polk and Andrew Sharp departed from the band in the spring of 2016 . Shawn Yates , former member of At the Skylines , served as the new guitarist . On December 15 , 2016 , the band announced their departure from InVogue Records and that they had signed with Spinefarm Records . Shortly after , they announced a US tour with headliner Silent Planet , along with Ghost Key and Hail the Sun , which began in February 2017 . A year after the release of Origin , Dayseeker announced a new full-length album set to release in 2017 . The album , Dreaming Is Sinking / Waking Is Rising , was released by Spinefarm on July 14 , 2017 .
Sleeptalk ( 2019-2021 )
On September 27 , 2019 , Dayseeker released their fourth full-length album entitled Sleeptalk . Just before its two-year anniversary , Sleeptalk : Deluxe was released , including stripped-down `` reimagined '' verisions of the first four songs : Drunk , Crooked Soul , Burial Plot , and Sleeptalk .
In the fall of 2021 , Oh , Sleeper drummer Zac Mayfield announced that he would be temporarily filling in for Mike Karle for the foreseeable future . Karle returned to the group the following fall .
Neon Grave and upcoming fifth album ( 2022-present )
On March 25 , 2022 , Dayseeker released the song Neon Grave . Rodriguez has confirmed the progress on a new album , stating that he has found himself immersed in the emotions that came with the loss of his father shortly after his daughter 's unexpected birth .
Members
Current members
Rory Rodriguez - lead vocals ( 2012–present )
Gino Sgambelluri - guitar , backing vocals ( 2012–present )
Ramone Valerio - bass , backing vocals ( 2017–present )
Mike Karle - drums , percussion ( 2012–present ; hiatus 2021-2022 )
Past members
Andrew Sharp - bass ( 2012-2016 )
Alex Polk - guitar ( 2012-2016 )
Matt Steenstra - guitar ( 2012 )
Shawn Yates - guitar ( 2016-2018 )
Former Touring members
Zac Mayfield - drums , percussion ( 2021–2022 )
Timeline
Discography
Albums
Collaborations
Music videos
References
External links
Dayseeker on Facebook
2012 establishments in California
Musical groups established in 2012
American post-hardcore musical groups
American metalcore musical groups
Anatoli Ilych Vasiliev ( ; 18 March 1917 – 4 June 1994 ) was a Russian and Soviet realist painter , who lived and worked in Leningrad . He was a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists ( before 1992 named as the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation ) , and regarded as one of the representatives of the Leningrad school of painting , most famous for his historical paintings and etudes done from nature .
Biography
Anatoli Ilych Vasiliev was born on 18 March 1917 in Petrograd ( former Saint Petersburg ) , Russian Empire , in a working-class family . In 1934 he entered at the Tavricheskaya Art School , where he studied under S. Bootler , S. Chugunov , V. Levitsky , and M. Aslamazian .
After graduation in 1938 , Anatoli Vasiliev was adopted at the first course of Department of Painting at the Leningrad Institute of Painting , Sculpture and Architecture , where he studied under noted educators Veniamin Belkin , Pavel Naumov , Mikhail Bernshtein , Nikolai Rutkovsky , and Igor Grabar .
In July 1941 Vasiliev as volunteer went into the Red Army and took part in the Great Patriotic War , which led the Soviet people against Nazi Germany and its allies . He participated in the Battle of Leningrad , and in the battles of Narva , Shlisselburg , and Kingisepp . He was wounded and marked by military awards .
After demobilization in 1945 , Anatoli Vasiliev continued his studies in the Leningrad Institute of Painting , Sculpture and Architecture named after Ilya Repin and graduated in 1950 from Victor Oreshnikov studio , together with Evgenia Antipova , Nina Veselova , Vecheslav Zagonek , Tatiana Kopnina , Nikolai Mukho , Alexander Pushnin , Alexander Sokolov , Yuri Tulin , and other young artists . His graduation work was history painting named `` Mikhail Lomonosov - the father of Russian science ''
In 1950 Anatoli Vasiliev was admitted to the Leningrad Union of Soviet Artists ( since 1992 known as the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists ) . He has participated in art exhibitions since 1937 , mainly as a master of historical paintings and etudes done from nature . In 1950–70s he made trips through the Urals and the Kama River , visit Baikal Lake and Buryatia , and also the Russian North . His personal exhibition was in Saint-Petersburg in 1995 .
Anatoli Ilych Vasiliev died on 4 June 1994 in Saint Petersburg . His paintings reside in art museums and private collections in Russia , Japan , France , England , Germany , Italy , in the U.S. , and others .
See also
Leningrad School of Painting
List of Russian artists
List of 20th-century Russian painters
List of painters of Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Academicheskaya Dacha
References
Sources
Artists of the peoples of the USSR . Biography Dictionary . Volume 2 . - Moscow : Iskusstvo Edition , 1972 . - pp . 179–180 .
Irina Romanycheva . Academic Dacha . History and traditions . - Saint Petersburg : Petropol Publishing House , 2009 . - p. 83 .
Sergei V. Ivanov . Unknown Socialist Realism . The Leningrad School . - Saint Petersburg : NP-Print Edition , 2007 . – pp . 9 , 18 , 26 , 29 , 52 , 230 , 257 , 261 , 358 , 388 , 390-400 , 402-405 , 413 , 415 , 416 , 418-422. , .
1917 births
1994 deaths
Painters from Saint Petersburg
People from Sankt-Peterburgsky Uyezd
Soviet military personnel of World War II
20th-century Russian painters
Russian male painters
Soviet painters
Socialist realism
Socialist realist artists
Leningrad School artists
Tavricheskaya Art School alumni
Repin Institute of Arts alumni
Members of the Leningrad Union of Artists
20th-century Russian male artists
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' is a song written by Johnny Bristol , Jackey Beavers , and Harvey Fuqua . It was the last of twelve American number-one pop singles for Diana Ross & the Supremes on the Motown label . Although it was released as the final Supremes song featuring Diana Ross , who left the group for a solo career in January 1970 , it was recorded as Ross ' first solo single and Supremes members Mary Wilson and Cindy Birdsong do not sing on the recording . Both appear on the B-side , `` He 's My Sunny Boy '' .
The single topped the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart for one week , in the final 1969 issue of Billboard magazine ( dated December 27 ) . It would be the last number one hit of the 1960s .
Background
Original version
The song was written by Johnny Bristol , Jackey Beavers , and Harvey Fuqua in 1961 ; Bristol and Beavers recorded the song together as `` Johnny & Jackey '' for the Tri-Phi label that same year . `` Someday '' was a moderate success in the Midwestern United States , but gained little notice in other venues .
Tri-Phi was purchased by Motown in the mid-1960s . Fuqua , Bristol , and Beavers all joined Berry Gordy 's by-then famous record company , and `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' became part of Motown 's Jobete publishing catalog . Beavers soon departed for Chess Records , although both Bristol and Fuqua stayed on as songwriters and producers for the label .
Supremes version
In 1969 , Bristol was preparing a new version of `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' , to be recorded by Motown act Jr. Walker & the All-Stars . Bristol had already recorded the instrumental track and the background vocals when Berry Gordy happened upon the tracks and heard them . Gordy thought that `` Someday '' would be a perfect first solo single for Diana Ross , who was making her long-expected exit from the Supremes at the time , and had Bristol sequester Ross into the studio to record the song .
Unable at first to get the vocal performance he desired from Diana Ross , Johnny Bristol decided to try something different : he would harmonize with Ross , helping her to get into the mood needed for the record . On the first take , the engineer accidentally recorded both Ross 's vocal and Bristol 's ad-libs . Bristol and arranger Wade Marcus liked the results , and Bristol had his vocal recorded alongside Ross ' for the final version of the song . Bristol 's ad-libs and words of encouragement to Ross can be heard in the background throughout the song . When Berry Gordy heard the completed song , he decided to release it as the final Diana Ross & the Supremes song . Neither of the Supremes ' remaining members , however , sang on the record . Ross 's first solo single instead , released in early 1970 , became `` Reach Out and Touch ( Somebody 's Hand ) '' .
Even though the implicit subject of the song was that of Ross comforting a long-distance lover , `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' allowed for other interpretations , one being that Ross and bandmates Mary Wilson and Cindy Birdsong would one day nostalgically `` be together '' again . Further , in concert , Ross would suggest that `` someday , we 'll be together '' in regard to contemporary troubles like civil rights and the ongoing demonstrations and protests against the Vietnam War .
Release
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' was included on the final Diana Ross & the Supremes album , Cream of the Crop ( 1969 ) . The song was a United States number-one hit on both the Billboard Hot 100 popular singles chart and the R & B singles charts , as well as charting in the top twenty at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart . It also peaked on the Netherlands ' MegaCharts at # 19 in 1970 . `` Someday 's '' B-side , `` He 's My Sunny Boy '' , was recorded by Ross , Wilson , and Birdsong for the Love Child album in 1968 and written and produced by Smokey Robinson .
`` Someday '' charted at number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 popular singles chart for one week , on December 27 , 1969 . It also charted at number-one on the Billboard R & B Singles chart for four weeks , from December 13 , 1969 , to January 3 , 1970 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' therefore appeared in Billboard as both the final Hot 100 and R & B number-one of the 1960s , and as the first R & B number-one of the 1970s .
Notable live performances
The girl group made their final of several performances throughout the decade with Diana Ross singing lead on the 1960s decennial finale of The Ed Sullivan Show that aired live Sunday , December 21 , 1969 , on CBS .
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' was the final number at Diana Ross & the Supremes ' farewell concert on January 14 , 1970 , at the Frontier Hotel in Las Vegas . After the completion of the show , Jean Terrell was presented onstage to the audience as Diana Ross ' replacement ( alongside Wilson and Birdsong ) . Thus `` Diana Ross & the Supremes '' officially split apart , becoming `` Diana Ross '' ( the solo act ) and `` The Supremes '' ( the group ) .
Ross reunited with Wilson and Birdsong in 1983 , performing the single for the Motown 25 : Yesterday , Today , Forever television special . However this performance was marred by lingering hostility between Ross and Wilson , which Motown insiders report resulted in Ross shoving Wilson out of her way during the on-stage performance . A heavily edited version of this performance was released on the DVD of Motown 25 .
Other versions
Bill Anderson and Jan Howard recorded a version for the country music market . Their version peaked at # 4 on Billboard magazine '' 's Hot Country Singles chart in the summer of 1970 .
Another version , credited to the `` already-defunct '' group ( and fellow Motown act ) The Marvelettes , was released in 1970 as well , as a track to the group 's final album The Return of the Marvelettes . As with the Supremes version , lead vocalist Wanda Young Rogers was the only group member to sing on the track , with The Andantes used as backing vocalists .
In 1994 , Diana Ross released a remixed version by legendary DJ Frankie Knuckles . This single peaked at # 7 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs .
Amber Riley sang the song in 2015 for Glees final episode `` Dreams Come True '' .
Other versions include those by orchestra leader Bert Kaempfert ( as a single in 1970 ) , country singer Lorrie Morgan ( as a single in 1983 ) , Scottish pop singer Jimmy Somerville ( on Dare to Love , 1995 ) , and rock artist Vonda Shepard ( on Heart and Soul : New Songs from Ally McBeal , 1999 ) .
Personnel
Johnny & Jackey version
Vocals by Johnny Bristol and Jackey Beavers
Instrumentation by various
Diana Ross & the Supremes version
Lead vocals by Diana Ross
Background vocals by Merry Clayton , Julia Waters , and Maxine Waters
Male backing vocals by Johnny Bristol
Instrumentation by the Funk Brothers and the Detroit Symphony Orchestra
Arranged by Wade Marcus
Bill Anderson and Jan Howard version
Vocals by Bill Anderson and Jan Howard
Instrumentation by various instrumentalists
The Marvelettes version
Lead vocals by Wanda Young Rogers
Background vocals by the Andantes : Jackie Hicks , Marlene Barrow , and Louvain Demps
Instrumentation by the Funk Brothers and the Detroit Symphony Orchestra
Track listing
Supremes version7 '' single ( 14 October 1969 ) '' ' ( North America/United Kingdom )
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' – 3:14
`` He 's My Sunny Boy '' – 2:18
Chart history
Supremes version
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1969 ( U.S . )
List of number-one R & B singles of 1969 ( U.S . )
List of number-one R & B singles of 1970 ( U.S . )
Bibliography
Posner , Gerald ( 2002 ) . Motown : Music , Money , Sex , and Power . New York : Random House . .
Wilson , Mary and Romanowski , Patricia ( 1986 , 1990 , 2000 ) . Dreamgirl & Supreme Faith : My Life as a Supreme . New York : Cooper Square Publishers . .
Whitburn , Joel , `` Top Country Songs : 1944-2005 '' , 2006 .
References
External links
List of cover versions of `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' at SecondHandSongs.com
1961 singles
1969 singles
1970 singles
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
Doo-wop songs
The Supremes songs
Bill Anderson ( singer ) songs
Jan Howard songs
The Marvelettes songs
Songs written by Johnny Bristol
Songs written by Harvey Fuqua
Song recordings produced by Harvey Fuqua
Motown singles
Decca Records singles
1961 songs
Song recordings produced by Johnny Bristol
Song recordings produced by Owen Bradley
He Saifei ( born 11 April 1963 ) is a Chinese actress of film and television , as well as a celebrated Yue opera performer of dan ( female ) roles . Internationally , she is best known for playing supporting roles in period films like Raise the Red Lantern ( 1991 ) and Temptress Moon ( 1996 ) .
He Saifei is the most famous disciple of Yue opera star Zhang Yunxia .
Early life
He Saifei was born in 1963 in an island in Daishan County , Zhoushan off the coast of mainland Zhejiang province . She has two sisters . When she was 3 , the Cultural Revolution began . In 1967 , her father was attacked and sent to the countryside . Her parents divorced , and Saifei lived with one parent while her two sisters lived with another , with no contact between them . After the Cultural Revolution ended in 1976 , Yue opera ( also known as Yue opera ) gradually regained its popularity following a decade of ruinous destruction . When He Saifei was about 16 , she successfully auditioned for a Yue opera troupe in Daishan . There she met a slightly younger girl who was also very interested in joining . Neither knew at first , but it turned out that the girl Xia Saili ( 夏赛丽 ) was none other than her long-lost sister . After some initial discomfort , they became very close and encouraged each other . In 1983–84 , both made the newly established Zhejiang Xiaobaihua Yue Opera Troupe , which , consisting entirely of young girls would immediately take the Yue opera world by storm . He Saifei studied under the master Zhang Yunxia and specialized in Dan ( female ) roles . Xia Saili specialized in Sheng ( mainly male scholar ) roles , and as a result often portrayed her sister 's lover on stage . Another of He Saifei 's frequent on-stage partner was Mao Weitao .
Early career
In 1984 , the Zhejiang Xiaobaihua Yue Opera Troupe girls starred in the opera film Five Daughters Offering Felicitations ( 五女拜壽 ) , which became a big national hit and won Best Opera Film ( a new award category ) at the 5th Golden Rooster Awards . In 1985 , He Saifei and Mao Weitao reenacted a scene live at the CCTV New Year 's Gala , China 's most watched annual television event . This would be the first of He Saifei 's four Yue opera appearances on CCTV New Year 's Gala ( excluding more performances on CCTV New Year 's Opera Gala ) . Soon enough , He Saifei and four other girls from Xiaobaihua — Mao Weitao , He Ying ( 何英 ) , Fang Xuewen ( 方雪雯 ) , and Dong Kedi ( 董柯娣 ) — emerged as young celebrities , and they were together dubbed the `` Five Golden Flowers '' ( 五朵金花 ) of Yue opera .
Personal life
She has one son , born in 1998 .
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
Yue opera
Film & TV
References
External links
Biography of He Saifei
Actresses from Zhejiang
1963 births
People from Daishan County
Living people
Chinese film actresses
Chinese television actresses
21st-century Chinese actresses
20th-century Chinese actresses
Yue opera actresses
Singers from Zhejiang
20th-century Chinese women singers
21st-century Chinese women singers
Telepac is the Portuguese internet service brand of the Portugal Telecom group .
Use
The Telepac brand dates from the time when Portugal Telecom did n't yet exist . It was used beginning in 1985 by Telefones de Lisboa e Porto ( TLP ) and Correios , Telefones e Telégrafos ( CTT ) for its Videotex services . It was the property of Transdata , a joint venture between CTT and TLP .
In 1992 , a merger with CTT created Telecom Portugal , which did n't modify the videotex management . In 1995 they started to offer internet services .
In 1999 , they became the ISP of SAPO .
References
External links
Telecommunication companies of Portugal
Products introduced in 1985
Products introduced in 1995
1985 establishments in Portugal
Glenda Margaret Halliday is an Australian neuroscientist . As of 2021 , she is a professor at the University of Sydney and research fellow in the National Health and Medical Research Council ( NHMRC ) .
Education
Halilday graduated with a BSc from the University of New South Wales ( UNSW ) in 1981 . She went on to graduate with a PhD from the Faculty of Medicine at the UNSW in 1986 , with a thesis titled `` The organization of the ventromedial mesencephalic tegmentum '' . While undertaking her PhD she founded a donor program to enable study of Parkinson 's disease in the brain .
Career
Halliday is a research fellow of the NHMRC , first appointed to that role in 1990 . Working at UNSW , she was appointed professor of medicine in 2003 and subsequently professor of neuroscience in 2008 . As of 2021 she is a professor and NHMRC leadership fellow based at the University of Sydney .
Halliday 's research focuses on neurodegeneration , including Parkinson 's disease and frontotemporal dementia . Her work has led to improved treatment of Parkinson 's sufferers .
Honours and recognition
Halliday was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Health and Medical Sciences in 2015 and Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in May 2021 . She was awarded the 2020 NHMRC Elizabeth Blackburn Investigator Grant Award for Leadership in Clinical Medicine and Science and in 2021 won the international Robert A. Pritzker Prize for Leadership in Parkinson 's Research .
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Health and Medical Sciences
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
University of Sydney faculty
University of New South Wales alumni
Australian women neuroscientists
In Greece , the Special Highest Court , ( ) is provided for in the article 100 of the Constitution of Greece . It is not a permanent court and it sits only when a case belonging to its special competence arises . It is regarded as the supreme `` constitutional '' and `` electoral '' court of Greece . Its decisions are irrevocable and binding for all the courts , including the Supreme Courts . However , the Special Highest Court does not have an hierarchical relation with the three Supreme Courts ( the Court of Cassation , the Council of State and the Chamber of Accounts ) . It is not considered higher than these courts and it does not belong to any branch ( civil , penal , administrative ) of the Greek justice system .
Composition
According to the article 100 of the Constitution the Special Highest Court comprises eleven members . Namely :
the presidents of the three Supreme Courts ,
four members of the Court of Cassation , chosen by lot for a two-years term ,
four members of the Council of State , chosen by lot for a two-years term .
The Court is presided over by the seniormost president of either the Court of Cassation or the Council of State .
When the Special Highest Court : a ) resolves the conflicts between the administration and the courts or between the administrative and the civil courts or between the Chamber of Accounts and the other courts , or b ) resolves a dispute about the constitutionality of a legal provision or about the real meaning of a legal provision , then the Court comprises two extra members : two ( full ) professors of Law , appointed by lot .
History
The history of the Special Highest Court is quite short , as it was first founded by the Constitution of 1975 . Its organisation and function is regulated by the article 100 of the Constitution of 1975/1986/2001 and the Law 345/1976 . Germs of this Court exist in the article 73 of the Constitution of 1952 ( providing for a special electoral court ) and in the constitutions of the military junta ( 1967-1974 ) , providing for a special court resolving the disputes between the Supreme Courts .
Jurisdiction
The jurisdiction of the Special Highest Court is strictly defined by the Constitution ( article 100 ) . Hence :
It judges pleas against the validity of the results of the legislative elections
It controls the validity of the results of the referendums .
It decides the deposition of a member of the Parliament , according to the constitutional provisions .
It resolves the conflicts between the administration and the courts or between the administrative and the civil courts or between the Chamber of Accounts and the other courts
It resolves a dispute about the constitutionality of a legal provision or about the real meaning of a legal provision
It decides whether a rule of international law belongs to the customary international law .
The Court as the `` Supreme Electoral Court ''
Since the Special Highest Court has the power to issue an irrevocable and binding decision , with which a member of the Parliament loses their position , it becomes the `` supreme electoral court '' . According to the article 58 of the Constitution , the court examines pleas concerning electoral violations or lack of legal qualifications of candidates . It also controls whether a member of the Parliament has undertaken duties incompatible with their office . These incompatible duties are enumerated in article 57 of the Constitution . If the Special Highest Court ascertains the incompatibility of the undertaken duties , the deputy loses their office `` by operation of law '' .
The Court as the `` Supreme Constitutional Court ''
In Greece every court controls the constitutionality of the laws and there is no `` permanent '' Supreme Constitutional Court , as in Spain , Germany etc . If any court judges a legal provision as `` unconstitutional '' , it decides not to apply it , but it has not the power to declare the legal provision `` null and void '' . This restriction is also binding for the Supreme Courts , which declare the unconstitutional legal provision `` inapplicable '' . Nonetheless , if a case concerning the constitutionality of a law is introduced into the Special Highest Court ( after the issuing of contradictory decisions of the Supreme Courts ) , the Court has the constitutional right to declare an unconstitutional legal provision as `` powerless '' . This means that the unconstitutional legal provision still exists ( it is not formally `` null and void '' ) , but it is expelled from the Greek `` law and order '' .
The decision of the Special Highest Court , declaring the unconstitutionality of a legal provision is final , irrevocable , binding for every Greek court , including the Supreme Courts , and judges the matter once for ever . No court has the right to take a different decision for the same legal provision in the future . If a court of first instance or a court of appeals or even a Supreme Court had judged the same matter in a contradictory way before the issuing of the decision of the Special Highest Court , it is obliged to reverse is judgement and to reissue it in accordance with the Special Highest Court '' 's decision .
Another `` Special Court ''
The Special Highest Court of article 100 must not be confused with the `` Special Court '' of article 86 of the Constitution . This last `` Special Court '' is an ad hoc court , competent to judge alleged criminal acts of members of government ( previous or in service ) , committed in their official capacity only '' ( i.e . not common criminal or civil offenses committed in their personal capacity ) and only when impeached by Parliament . It is also competent to judge the President of the Republic , if impeached by Parliament for intentional violation of the Constitution or for high treason . In such cases , Parliament acts as the prosecuting attorney and the defendant ( s ) may be represented by lawyers of their choice , as in any court .
This `` Special Court '' comprises seven judges of the Court of Cassation and six judges of the Council of State , chosen by lot . It is presided over by the seniormost judge for the Court of Cassation .
Notes
See also
Constitution
Constitutionalism
Constitutional economics
Jurisprudence
Judiciary
Rule of law
Rule According to Higher Law
Politics of Greece
Judiciary of Greece
Greece
The Post Office , or Old Post Office , in Christine , North Dakota , United States , was built in about 1895-98 and was moved in 1906 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 .
It is a -story building .
References
Government buildings completed in 1895
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Richland County , North Dakota
Relocated buildings and structures in North Dakota
1895 establishments in North Dakota
Clara Ruth Mozzor ( 1892 – died after 1937 ) was an American lawyer . She became Assistant Attorney General of Colorado in 1917 , the first woman to serve in that role in any American state .
Early life
Mozzor was born to Russian Jewish immigrant parents Peter and Celia Mozzor , in Providence , Rhode Island ; she was raised in Denver , Colorado . She graduated from East Denver High School in 1909 , and attended the University of Denver , and completed her education at the University of Colorado Law School in 1915 .
Career
Mozzor taught school as a young woman , helped to organize a settlement house in Denver , and wrote for newspapers . In 1913 , she was a delegate to the Children 's Welfare Congress held in Boston .
In 1914 , during the Colorado Coalfield War , Mozzor wrote about visiting the scene of the Ludlow Massacre , two days after the event . `` Waste and ruin , death and misery were the harvest of this war that was waged on helpless people , '' she wrote , for the International Socialist Review . `` Mothers with babies at their breasts and babies at their skirts and mothers with babies yet unborn were the targets of this modern warfare . ''
Mozzor was admitted to the Colorado bar in 1915 . She was the youngest woman lawyer in Colorado , and she became Assistant Attorney General of Colorado in 1917 , the first woman to hold that position in any American state . She worked with Mary C. C. Bradford to raise money for Colorado soldiers during World War I , and she arranged for a vaudeville troupe to entertain the soldiers based in camps near Denver .
After marriage , Clara Mozzor Neuhaus lived in Omaha , and was active on the Nebraska state board of the League of Women Voters , and , as a doctor 's wife , in the state chapter of the women 's auxiliary of the American Medical Association .
Personal life
Clara Mozzor married German-born psychiatrist George Emile Neuhaus in 1922 . They lived in Nebraska and had daughters Ruth and Geisa , before Dr. Neuhaus died in 1938 .
References
1892 births
20th-century deaths
People from Providence , Rhode Island
University of Denver alumni
University of Colorado Law School alumni
20th-century American women lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
Chris Townsend may refer to :
Chris Townsend ( writer ) ( born 1949 ) , hillwalker and author
Chris Townsend ( commercial director ) , commercial director at the London 2012 Organising Committee
Chris Townsend ( footballer ) ( born 1966 ) , Welsh former footballer
Chris Townsend ( cricketer ) ( born 1972 ) , English educator and former cricketer
See also
Christopher Townsend , visual effects supervisor
The Liars ' Club is a memoir by the American author Mary Karr . Published in 1995 by Viking Adult , the book tells the story of Karr 's childhood in the 1960s in a small industrial town in Southeast Texas . The title refers to her father and his friends who would gather together to drink and tell stories when they were not working at the local oil refinery or the chemical plant .
The book was a New York Times bestseller . In addition to winning the PEN/Martha Albrand Award , the memoir was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award . In 2005 , a 10-year anniversary edition was published with an added introduction from Karr . The Liars ' Club is credited for launching a resurgence in the popularity of the memoir genre .
After the success of The Liars ' Club , Karr followed up with two more memoirs : Cherry , which picks up at the end of The Liars ' Club , was published in 2001 , and Lit which was published in 2009 .
Plot
The book tells the story of Karr 's troubled childhood in a small Texas town in the early 1960s . Using a non-linear story line , Karr describes the troubles of growing up in a family and town where heavy alcohol abuse and psychological problems are common issues . The memoir details her experience being raped and molested as a child , her mother 's mental instability , and her witness to death and disparity .
The book is split into three sections , each corresponds to a different period of her life . The first section , called `` Texas , 1961 '' , details Karr 's and her sister Lecia 's upbringing in Southeast Texas . The narrative includes backgrounds on her mother Charlie and her father J.P. , including how they met , and their previous relationships . Karr also writes about her maternal grandmother who , at 50 years old , died of cancer .
The second section of the book is called `` Colorado , 1963 '' . Karr explains that her family `` moved to Colorado wholly by accident '' . While in Colorado , Karr 's parents get divorced , and J.P. moves back to Texas , while Karr and her sister stay with Charlie . Her mother eventually meets Hector , who tries to make the girls call him `` Daddy '' . After Charlie begins to drink again , Karr and Lecia become scared when one night their mother points a gun at and threatens Hector . Eventually , J.P. flies the girls back to Texas . Charlie and Hector travel to Texas too , and after J.P. punches Hector , Charlie leaves him , returning to her ex-husband for good .
The third section titled , `` Texas Again , 1980 '' , jumps ahead 17 years to a period when Karr is older and living in Boston , She returns to Texas after her father suffers a stroke . Karr helps Charlie care for J.P . While there , Karr reconnects with her mother and learns more about Charlie 's mysterious past and previous mental health issues .
Reviews
The Liars ' Club received universal acclaim upon its publication in 1995 . Sheila Ballantyne of The New York Times lauds the memoir 's `` haunting , often exquisite phrasing of states of being and qualities of mind that resonate long after a page is turned . '' Writing for The Washington Post , Jonathan Yardley noted that , `` The Liars ' Club is a tribute to and lament for a world its author no longer occupies . ... It is the essential American story . ''
References
1995 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Berryhill Fields is an area of grassland in the heart of Stoke-on-Trent in England , between the housing estates of Bentilee and Berryhill and the town of Fenton . It is a local nature reserve , owned and managed by Stoke-on-Trent City Council . Its area is .
History
The earthwork remains of a medieval manor house ( Lawn Farm moated site , a scheduled monument ) are within the area . It is thought to have once been the manor house of Fenton Vivian ( that later became the town of Fenton ) , named after Vivian of Standon , lord of the manor in the 13th century .
In the first half of the 20th century there were two coal mines on the present Berryhill Fields , and small scale farming . The land was acquired for housing in the 1950s but no building took place . A subsequent plan for open-cast mining was turned down in 1994 .
Regeneration
The site was the subject of a £2 million regeneration project for the Millennium , managed by Groundwork Stoke , as part of the nationwide Changing Places programme , that included creating new pathways to facilitate access for people with disabilities , creating a number of art features , and funding a series of archaeological excavations on the site of the 13th-century moated manor house sited on the fields .
References
External links
Friends of Berryhill Fields website
Groundwork Stoke website
Areas of Stoke-on-Trent
Grasslands of the United Kingdom
Local nature reserves in Staffordshire
Parks and open spaces in Staffordshire
Archer 's Garage is an art deco style building on the corner of Sandwith street and Fenian Street in Dublin 2 .
Construction
It was originally built in 1946 to the design of Billy Baird of Kaye Parry Ross Hendy architects and was constructed for Richard Archer who was the first agent for Ford motorcars in Ireland . It was the first building in Ireland to be built of reinforced concrete and fitted with fluorescent lighting .
Demolition
Despite being a listed building it was illegally demolished in 1999 over the June bank holiday long weekend by property developer and hotelier Noel O'Callaghan . At the time of demolition it was the only surviving building on the largely derelict corner .
Reconstruction
The demolition was controversial and as a result of legal action Dublin City Council forced the developers to build a facsimile of the building on the original site . Although originally scheduled to begin in September 1999 , reconstruction commenced in 2001 but was then halted because of legal disputes concerning the garage and adjoining offices . It finally finished in 2004 .
Legal impact
The demolition resulted in the maximum jail time for the demolition of listed buildings being raised from three to five years . The maximum fine of £1 million did not change .
Noel O'Callaghan forestalled prosecution by signing an agreement with Dublin Corporation to reinstate the building .
References
Art Deco architecture in Ireland
Office buildings in the Republic of Ireland
Demolished buildings and structures in Dublin
Buildings and structures demolished in 1999
Stephen F. Blinkhorn , CPsychol , FBPsS ( born 1949 ) is a British occupational psychologist and psychometrician ( based in Hertfordshire ) , who continues to contribute to psychology and psychometric testing .
Blinkhorn is known for publishing a number of papers , many of which have taken the form of book reviews for Nature magazine , including : 'Willow , Titwillow , Titwillow ' ( a review of Herrnstein and Murray 's The Bell Curve ) ; 'What skulduggery ? ' ( a review of Stephen Jay Gould 's 'The Mismeasure of Man ' ) ; and ' A gender bender ' ( a critique on Paul Irwing and Richard Lynn 's paper on sex and intelligence ) . Other papers have argued about the inappropriate use of the Rasch model , and the misuse of personality tests .
Life and career
After attending grammar school , Blinkhorn attended St Edmund Hall , Oxford .
Academia
From 1973 to 1987 , he developed and ran one of the first postgraduate studies in Occupational Psychology ( in Britain ) at what was then Hatfield Polytechnic , now the University of Hertfordshire . During this time , he also spent a year as a visiting professor in the neurological laboratory at Stanford University , California ( 1981–1982 ) .
On his return from Stanford , Blinkhorn was approached by nferNelson ( NFER 's publishing arm ) to design new ranges of tests for occupational selection . This led to the formation of the Psychometric Research Unit at Hatfield , which in turn was privatised by Dr. Blinkhorn in 1985 .
Psychology and psychometrics
Blinkhorn has been responsible for some of the most widely used ability and aptitude tests for recruitment and selection . He is also known as a critic of bad testing practice , in particular the abuse of personality tests ( see papers ) . At the age of 37 , he became one of the then youngest fellows of the British Psychological Society . He has been a member of the BPS 's Test Standards Committee , and served on the Society 's Fellowships Committee . He is one of three consulting editors for Selection & Development Review ( SDR ) ( published by the BPS ) alongside Victor Dulewicz and Neil Anderson .
Blinkhorn was also a member of the panel formed by the BPS to investigate the polygraph and contributed a chapter to the book The Polygraph Test ( 1988 ) , which resulted from the investigation .
As an expert witness , he has acted on behalf of the Commission for Racial Equality in several industrial tribunals .
He has worked with Harvey Goldstein ( on the inappropriate implementation of the Rasch model in education ) , and was involved with the development of National Vocational Qualifications .
Blinkhorn also contributed a chapter in Cyril Burt : Fraud or Framed ? and 'Was Burt stitched up ? ' in Nature magazine .
More recently followed by 'There 's no-one quite like Grandad ' ( Blinkhorn 's speech at the Lighthill institute of mathematical sciences , Dec 2006 ) on newly rediscovered evidence which cast 'fresh light on early developments of mathematics applied to psychology ' including references to Charles Spearman 's original work on general intelligence , and also to J.C. Maxwell Garnett , Cyril Burt , Godfrey Thomson , and Louis Thurstone .
Nature articles
Since 1980 , Blinkhorn has been writing for Nature , starting with a book review of Arthur Jensen 's Bias in Mental Testing . Steve Blinkhorn has written a number of articles , a few of which have been on controversial issues , such as : Gender and IQ ( 'Gender Bender ' ) , Vitamin Pills and IQ ( ' A dose of Vitamins and a Pinch of salt ' ) , Mice and IQ ( 'Mice and Mentality ' ) , 'Exponent of the exponential ' ( a review of Thomas Blass ' The man who shocked the world : the life and legacy of Stanley Milgram ) . Other articles such as 'Yes , but what 's it for ? ' discusses how 'the current state of language ' makes it difficult to discuss evolution accurately .
In 2003 , Blinkhorn was listed among Nature 's 'magnificent seven ' ( writers commended for writing outstanding articles , illustrating 'the great job that scientists can do in communicating and commenting on new research ' Others included David Wark , Philip N Benfey , S. Blair Hedges , John Harte , Toren Finzel and Len A.Fisk .
References
1949 births
Academics of the University of Hertfordshire
Alumni of St Edmund Hall , Oxford
British psychologists
Living people
Psychometricians
Pentone is a town and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Call of the Bush is a 1912 Australian silent film . It is considered a lost film .
Plot
The film was billed as `` a story of the Australian bush , based on the incidents of the easy miner settlements . ''
The home of Wm Collins , a squatter on the Lachlan , was shown , together with the return Fred , who had won his V.C . in the recent Boer war . Fred was secretly loved by Mary Campbell , but lost his heart to the shepherd 's pretty daughter to whom he presented his dog Ruby . Bill Doyle , a stockman , was also infatuated with this girl and swore that if he could not have her Fred Collins would not . Through Bill 's actions , Fred was sent away from home because of his alleged unfaithfulness to Mary Cameron , but was brought back when the latter declared that he had never made love to her . Young Cameron was killed by Doyle on the journey and the latter left Fred 's riding whip under the body so that the crime might be fixed upon him . Fred , in due course was arrested and tried , but at this critical moment a sundowner who has witnessed the murder turned up and gave evidence , at the same time producing a handkerchief bearing the name of Doyle . Fred was released and married and married the shepherd 's daughter while Doyle went to the scaffold . The sundowner , though offered a home with the happy young couple , could not remain in conventional quarters so responded again to the call of the bush .
It was divided into the following chapters :
the squatter 's son
a welcome home
the shepherd 's daughter
Bosun , the dog hero
attacked by blacks
the last cartridge
a foul revenge
wrongly accused
a sundowner to the rescue
great court scene .
Production
This was the first film made in Australian by the Gaumont Company , trading as `` The Gaumont Agency '' . Other sources however say it was some the Australian Photoplay Company – who were bought out by Gaumont . Another says it was from `` Gaumont Federal Films '' , an amalgamation of Gaumont and APPC .
The script was written by Jack Allen of Wollongong .
It was shot on location on a New South Wales station .
The Gaumont Agency later also made The Opium Runners .
References
External links
Australian silent short films
1912 films
Lost Australian films
Australian black-and-white films
The Electoral district of Korong was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria .
It was created by Electoral Act Amendment Act 1888 its area was defined as : `` Commencing at the intersection of the Loddon River with the Eaglehawk and Inglewood Railway ; thence down the river to the north-east angle of the parish of Leaghur ; along the northern and western boundaries of that parish to south-east angle of the parish of Gredgwin ; along the south and south-western boundaries of that parish to the south-east angle of the parish of Quambatook ; westerly by the south boundary of that parish to the Avoca River ; southerly by that river to the Avoca Forest pre-emptive right ; north-easterly by the road from Avoca Forest to Inglewood through Wehla to the west boundary of Inglewood borough ( as described in the 'Local Government Act ' 1874 ) ; north , east , and south along the west , north , and east boundaries of the borough to the Eaglehawk and Inglewood Railway line ; south-easterly by that line to the commencing point '' .
Members for Korong
See also
Electoral district of Korong and Eaglehawk
Electoral district of Eaglehawk
References
Former electoral districts of Victoria ( Australia )
1889 establishments in Australia
1927 disestablishments in Australia
1945 establishments in Australia
1955 disestablishments in Australia
Robert R. M. Carpenter may refer to :
R. R. M. Carpenter ( 1877–1949 ) , American executive and member of the board of directors of DuPont
R. R. M. Carpenter , Jr. ( 1915–1990 ) , his son , owner of the Philadelphia Phillies
Ruly Carpenter , son of Robert Jr. and grandson of Robert Sr. , owner and team president of the Phillies
See also
Robert Carpenter ( disambiguation )
Bobby Carpenter ( disambiguation )
Radio Free Albemuth is the debut solo album by bassist Stuart Hamm , released in 1988 on Relativity Records . Hamm is backed up by guitarists Allan Holdsworth and Joe Satriani . The title of the album and many of the songs were inspired by the novels of Philip K. Dick .
Track listing
Personnel
Stuart Hamm – bass guitar , production
Allan Holdsworth – SynthAxe on `` Radio Free Albemuth ''
Joe Satriani – electric guitar on `` Radio Free Albemuth '' , `` Flow My Tears '' and `` Sexually Active ''
Mike Barsimanto – drums
Amy Knoles – percussion on `` Radio Free Albemuth ''
Scott Collard – keyboards
Glen Freundl – keyboards on `` Radio Free Albemuth '' , `` Sexually Active '' and `` Country Music ''
Tommy Mars – keyboards on `` Radio Free Albemuth ''
Charles Hamm – front cover photo
Mark Effords – back cover photo
David Bett – design
References
Stuart Hamm albums
1988 albums
The Chama Cha Mapinduzi ( CCM ) presidential primaries , 2015 took place in July 2015 to determine CCM 's nominee for the Presidency of Tanzania for the 2015 election . The Chama Cha Mapinduzi ( Party of the Revolution ) is the country 's dominant ruling party , and the longest reigning ruling party in Africa .
Incumbent president and 2010 nominee Jakaya Kikwete is ineligible for re-election due to term limits . He is looking forward to his retirement , and has described the presidency as being both `` stressful and thankless '' . Kikwete , who also serves as the party 's National Chairman , said that he was not backing anyone as his preferred and chosen successor .
More than forty candidates ( including 12 Cabinet Members ) collected the nomination forms . On 12 July , Minister of Works John Magufuli was selected as the party 's presidential nominee , and is most likely to win the presidential election .
Background
Dodoma Six
In February 2014 , the CCM 's Central Committee summoned and interrogated six prospective candidates at the party 's headquarters in Dodoma ; and banned them from engaging in premature campaigns for a period of twelve months . They were former Prime Ministers Frederick Sumaye and Edward Lowassa , Foreign Minister Bernard Membe , Minister Stephen Wasira , Deputy Minister January Makamba and former Minister William Ngeleja . The ban was further extended in March 2015 , before being lifted on 22 May 2015 .
Candidates
The following candidates have been listed according to the dates that they expressed interest or formally announced their candidacy .
Key
Other candidates
Potential candidates
Anna Tibaijuka , former Lands Minister . Her prospects were diminished when she was sacked by the President after receiving $ 1 million from a businessman . Tibaijuka denied any wrongdoing and said that she accepted the money as a donation for a school .
Anne Makinda , Speaker
Hussein Mwinyi , Defence Minister
Declined to run
Salim Ahmed Salim , former Prime Minister
Joseph Warioba , former Prime Minister
Nomination process
The nomination forms cost a non-refundable TSh 1 million ( US $ 500 ) . A total of 42 party members collected the forms from 3 June but only 38 managed to return them by the 2 July deadline . The four disqualified aspirants were Anthony Chalamila , Helena Elinewinga , Muzammil Kalokola and Peter Nyalile . Each candidate was required to solicit sponsorship from at least 450 party members from a minimum of 15 regions ( including three regions from Zanzibar ) . Lowassa 's campaign team claims to have gained sponsorship from more than 800,000 party members from all the regions .
The meetings will take place in Dodoma at the party 's headquarters and at the newly inaugurated Dodoma Convention Centre . More than 10,000 delegates and their retinues were expected to arrive in the capital .
Central Committee
On 11 July 2015 at 01:20 EAT ( UTC +3 ) , the party tweeted the names of the five candidates selected by its Central Committee from the list of 38 aspirants :
National Executive Committee
On 11 July , the National Executive Committee selected the three finalists :
National Congress
The party 's National Congress selected Works Minister John Magufuli as the party 's 2015 presidential nominee .
Opinion polls
At the party 's 8th National Congress in 2012 , the following four aspirants were the favourites among the NEC delegates and were elected by them : Wasira ( 89 % ) , Makamba ( 87 % ) , Nchemba ( 84 % ) and Membe ( 61 % ) .
References
External links
CCM Constitution ( Kiswahili )
Chama Cha Mapinduzi
Primary elections in Tanzania
2015 elections in Tanzania
Baseball Advance ( originally released in Japan as Greatest Nine ) is a sports game for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance , developed by Smilebit and released by THQ in March 2002 . It was generally praised by critics upon its release . The game is the final entry in the Greatest Nine series .
Game mechanics
Game modes
There are four modes of games available .
`` Exhibition '' - One game of baseball . The player chooses a Major League Baseball team to play as , and may also select the opposing team played by the computer . The player can choose the number of innings in the match as well as other factors .
`` Season '' - The player chooses one team and plays one season of baseball controlling that team . The season is supposed to be 2001 , and the draw of every team as well as the All-Star Game is matched up exactly with each team 's draw during the 2001 season . Also , in season mode , records set in baseball history for seasons and single games are listed , and if the player 's team breaks one , the new record is listed as being set in 2001 . If the player 's team end up in the top four , it will go to the playoffs to the World Series .
Playoffs - The player chooses a team and plays the playoffs to the World Series . The other teams are randomly chosen .
All-Star Game - The player plays an All-Star Game with the selections from the 2001 team .
Playing Fields
All thirty teams from the Major League are available for selection . Only four stadiums ( Safeco Field , Wrigley Field , Fenway Park and Pacific Bell Park ) are available within the game , and all teams have one of these as their home ground regardless of where they come from . A planned Sega-themed stadium was created but ultimately not included because it did not fit with the game 's more serious tone .
Player Statistics
All player statistics in Exhibition Mode , Playoffs and the All-Star Game are those of the 2001 season . However , in Season mode , their stats are completely dependent on the results of each game played , meaning that the player has control of them . The game keeps all player statistics , such as batting average , ERA , RBI , season strikeouts and more . The game also has a history of records for seasonal stats and single game stats which the player can break as well .
Japanese Differences
The teams in the Japanese version are the Swallows , Giants , Baystars , Carp , Dragons , Tigers , Bufaloes , Hawks , Lions , Bluewave , Marines , and Fighters . It features four stadiums : Tokyo Dome , Hanshin Koshien Stadium , Seibu Dome , and Green Stadium Kobe . Additionally , the menu art , layout , and some of the music and sound effects have been changed .
Reception
Baseball Advance was a runner-up for GameSpots annual `` Best Sports Game on Game Boy Advance '' award , which went to Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 3 .
References
External links
Baseball Advance at GameFAQs
2002 video games
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
THQ games
Sega video games
Major League Baseball video games
Smilebit games
Video games developed in Japan
Gas-rich meteorites are meteorites with high levels of primordial gases , such as helium , neon , argon , krypton , xenon and sometimes other elements . Though these gases are present `` in virtually all meteorites , '' the Fayetteville meteorite has ~2,000,000 x10−8 ccSTP/g helium , or ~2 % helium by volume equivalent . In comparison , background level is a few ppm .
The identification of gas-rich meteorites is based on the presence of light noble gases in large amounts , at levels which can not be explained without involving an additional component over and above the well-known noble gas components that are present in all meteorites .
History
William Ramsay was the first to report helium in an iron meteorite , in 1895- not long after its first Earth sample , instead of via Solar observation .
The use of decay products to date meteorites was suggested by Bauer in 1947 , and explicitly published by Gerling and Pavlova in 1951 . However , this soon resulted in wildly varying ages ; it was realized excess helium ( including helium-3 , rare on Earth ) was generated by radiation , too .
The first explicit publication of a gas-rich meteorite was Staroe Pesyanoe ( often shortened to Pesyanoe ) , by Gerling and Levskii in 1956 . In family with the later Fayetteville , Pesyanoe 's helium level is ~1 million x10−8 ccSTP/g .
Reynolds ' publication of a `` general Xe anomaly '' , including 129I decay products and more , touched off the subfield of xenology , continuing to today .
The first publication of presolar grains in the 1980s was precipitated by workers searching for noble gases ; PSGs were not simply checked via their gas contents .
Lines of inquiry
As unreactive components , they are tracers of processes throughout and predating the Solar System :
Material age can be determined by relative exposure to direct solar and cosmic radiation ( by cosmic ray tracks ) , and indirect creation of resultant nuclides . This includes Ar-Ar dating , I-Xe dating , and U to its various decay products including helium .
The parent body of a meteorite can be traced in part via comparison of trace elements . That meteorites are fragments of asteroids , and conditions on such asteroids , were partially deduced from gas evidence .
This includes meteorite pairing , the re-association of meteorites which had split before recovery .
Meteorite , parent , and Solar System histories are indicated by tracer elements , including thermometry , a record of material temperature .
Presolar activity .
A supernova thought to have preceded the Solar System .
The history of the Sun . This record extends to billion-year timescales , back to `` very early in the life of the Sun '' .
The history of cosmic ray fluence . Meteorites do not show significant variation of cosmic rays over time .
The Lost City Meteor was tracked , allowing an orbit determination back to the asteroid belt . Measurement of relatively short-half-life isotopes in the subsequent Lost City Meteorite then indicate radiation levels in that region of the Solar System .
Gas study
The field of meteoritic gases follows progress in analytical methods .
The first analyses were basic laboratory chemistry , such as acid dissolution . Various acids were necessary , due to mixtures of various soluble and insoluble minerals . Stepped etching gave higher levels of resolution and discrimination .
Pyrolysis was used , such as on highly acid resistant minerals . These two methods were alternately lauded and derided as `` burning the haystack to find the needle . ''
Meteoritical studies have tracked the progress of mass spectrometry , a continual and rapid progression comparable to or greater than Moore 's Law .
More recently , laser extraction
Meteorites
This meteoritics-related list is incomplete ; you can help by expanding it .
Interplanetary dust , like c-chondrites and enstatites , contain hosts for these gases and often measurable gas contents . So too do a fraction of micrometeorites .
Gas
Gas components were first named by descriptors , then letter codes ; the letter taxonomy `` has become increasingly complicated and confusing with time . ''
By Element and Isotope
Primordial/trapped
36A 132Xe
Solar wind/solar flare
4He 20Ne 36Ar
Cosmic ray/spallogenic
3He 83Kr 126Xe
Radiogenic/fissile
3He 36Ar 40Ar 129Xe 132Xe 134Xe 136Xe 128Xe
By Component
Planetary
`` Planetary '' gases ( P , Q , P1 ) are depleted in light elements ( He , Ne ) compared to solar abundances ( see below ) , or conversely , enriched in Kr , Xe . This name originally implied an origin , the gas blend observed in terrestrial planets . Scientists wished to stop implying this , but the habit was retained .
Solar , subsolar
This gas component corresponds to the solar wind . Solar flare gas can be distinguished by its greater depth , and a slightly variant composition . `` Subsolar '' is intermediary between solar and planetary .
E
`` Exotic '' neon- aberrant 20Ne/22Ne values .
H
`` Heavy '' isotopes of xenon , primarily r-process isotopes , plus p-process . Thus , sometimes seen as `` HL , '' anomalous heavy and light isotopes .
G
`` Giant '' , after asymptotic giant branch ( while A and B had been taken ) ; contains their s-process isotopes .
See also
Activated carbon
Clathrate
Cryopump
Getter
Hydrogen embrittlement
Ion implantation
Molecular sieve and Molecular distillation
Outgassing
References
Handbook of Elemental Abundances in Meteorites , Mason , B. ed . 1970 Gordon and Breach New York Chapter 2 : The Noble Gases , Heymann , D. , p. 29
Mazor , E. Heymann , D. Anders , E. Noble gases in carbonaceous chondrites . 1970 Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta vol . 34 p. 781-824
Goswami , J. Lal , D. Wilkening , L. Gas-Rich meteorites : Probes for particle environment and dynamical processes in the inner solar system 1983 Space Science Reviews vol . 37 p. 111-59
The Sun in Time , Sonett , C. Giampapa , M. Mathews , M. eds . 1991 University of Arizona Press Tucson
Ozima , M. Podosek , F. Noble Gases in Geochemistry , 2nd ed . 2002 Cambridge University Press Cambridge
Noble Gases in Geochemistry and Cosmochemistry , Porcelli , D. Ballentine , C. Wieler , R. eds . 2002 Mineralogical Society of America Washington , DC
Treatise on Geochemistry vol.1 2003 1.14 Noble Gases , Podosek , F. p. 381-403
Meteorites and the Early Solar System II , Lauretta , D. McSween , H. eds . 2006 University of Arizona Press Tucson
Geochemical Perspectives Jul 2013 vol . 2 issue 2 Special issue , Noble Gas Constraints on the Origin and Evolution of Earth 's Volatiles ISSN 2223-7755
Meteorite types
Geophysics
The Maldives national badminton team represents Maldives in international badminton team competitions . The Maldives have participated twice in the Badminton Asia Team Championships in 2016 and 2018 respectively . Both teams were eliminated in the group stages .
The Maldives made its badminton Olympic debut in the 2012 Summer Olympics when Mohamed Ajfan Rasheed received a wild card entry in men 's singles .
Participation in Badminton Asia competitions
Men 's team
Women 's team
Participation in Indian Ocean Island Games
The Maldives national team participated in the Indian Ocean Island Games . The men 's team were runners-up in 2015 and 2019 when they lost the final tie to Mauritius . The women 's team were semifinalists in both editions .
Men 's team
Women 's team
Current squad
Men
Ahmed Nibal
Hassan Afsheen Shaheem
Hussein Zayan Shaheed
Mohamed Aakif
Mohamed Arsalaan Ali
Mohamed Sarim
Mohamed Ajfan Rasheed
Women
Aminath Nabeeha Abdul Razzaq
Fathimath Nabaaha Abdul Razzaq
Maisa Fathuhulla Ismail
Moosa Aminath Shahurunaz
Nafha Nasrullah
Neela Najeeb
References
Badminton
National badminton teams
Badminton in the Maldives
The Duna Federico Kirbus is the highest sand dune in the world , located in the northwest of Argentina , in the Catamarca Province . It has a height of 1,230 metres ( 4,035 ft ) , with a top measuring 2,845 metres ( 9,334 ft ) above sea level . It is part of the Bolsón de Fiambalá , a semicircular sand valley .
The dune is named after Argentinian journalist and researcher Federico B. Kirbus , who discovered its real height .
References
Dunes of Argentina
Landforms of Catamarca Province
Alonso de Arcos was the alcaide ( Military Governor ) of Tarifa . In 1462 , he along with Rodrigo Ponce de León , son and heir of the Count of Arcos , and Juan Alonso de Guzmán , Duke of Medina Sidonia , attacked and gained control of the town of Gibraltar in the Eighth Siege of Gibraltar . Gibraltar belonged then to the Nasrid Kingdom of Granada and with this takeover , Gibraltar was no longer in Muslim hands . Upon arriving at Gibraltar , Alonso 's forces attempted to storm the town , but the Nasrid soldiers stationed at the garrison were able to hold back his troops . In the midst of deciding what next to attempt , Alonso was delivered a message from the garrison requesting that the soldiers be allowed to peacefully evacuate the garrison with their belongings , surrendering it .
References
Tarifa
Enseliler is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 51 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Chiekh Mbeye Thiam ( born 16 November 2001 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town , as a defender .
Career
Thiam was born in Italy and is of Senegalese descent . He signed for Northern Premier League Division One North West side Mossley at the start of the 2019–20 season having impressed during pre-season . He had previously been a youth player at Shrewsbury Town before playing mens football for Manchester Central . In October 2019 , he signed dual-registration forms with North West Counties Football League Division One South side New Mills . He then attended The Manchester College where he completed the Football Scholarship Programme , having been influenced by Carlos Mendes Gomes who had previously played football for the college and subsequently signed for Football League side Morecambe . Alongside studying at the college , he also played for North West Counties Football League side Stockport Town , where he was named Manager Player of the Season for 2019–20 . During this time he was invited for a trial with National League side Stockport County and it was during one of trial games against Ipswich Town that he was spotted by the Fleetwood Town Academy Manager .
On 22 June 2021 , he signed for EFL League One side Fleetwood Town on a two-year deal with the option of another year in the club 's favour and immediately joined the Development Squad managed by Stephen Crainey . He made his professional debut for Fleetwood on 5 October 2021 in the 3–1 win over Barrow in the EFL Trophy .
Career statistics
References
2001 births
Living people
Mossley A.F.C . players
New Mills A.F.C . players
Stockport Town F.C . players
Fleetwood Town F.C . players
English Football League players
Northern Premier League players
North West Counties Football League players
Association football defenders
French sportspeople of Senegalese descent
French footballers
Jørgen Emil Aabye , born Olsen , ( 9 June 1868 – 22 June 1959 ) was a Danish painter . His works were varied widely , ranging from religious art to portraits and landscapes . Above all , he is remembered for his portraits .
Early life
Born near Nørre Aaby on Funen , he was the son of a well-to-do farmer . He began studying painting under Vilhelm Kyhn in Copenhagen before attending the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts where he graduated in 1892 . He then spent a couple of years at Zahrtmann 's School in Copenhagen before completing his studies at J.F . Willumsen 's school in Paris . As a student , he travelled widely to Germany , Italy and France . He changed his name from Olsen to Aabye in 1904 .
Career
Aabye came under many different influences during his studies . During his travels , he first associated with the Pre-Raphaelites before coming under the influence of Kristian Zahrtmann in Copenhagen and then J.F . Willumsen in Paris . His religious works such as the altarpiece of Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane in Nørre Aaby Church and his paintings of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary were inspired by the Pre-Raphaelites or by Carl Bloch . Later he turned to landscapes which have a strong affinity to the work of Cézanne . His finest works are his portraits which display the joy of Naturalism 's colour he had learnt from Zahrtmann and Willumsen .
Aabye frequently exhibited at Charlottenborg ( starting in 1892 ) . From 1900 , for a period of 40 years he spent every summer in Skagen becoming one of the younger generation of Skagen Painters . He spent his last 30 years at the Kunstnerhjemmet ( Artists ' Home ) in Copenhagen . His works include landscapes , interiors , floral paintings , portraits and genre subjects .
References
Literature
Hans Buch ( 2008 ) , Maleren Jørgen Aabye , Middelfart Museum , 226 pages .
1868 births
1959 deaths
19th-century Danish painters
Danish male painters
20th-century Danish painters
Skagen Painters
People from Middelfart Municipality
19th-century Danish male artists
20th-century Danish male artists
The Shropshire Music Foundation is a not-for-profit organization which aims to improve the lives of children in war-torn countries through participation in Music . Their mission is to `` redress psychosocial trauma , advance emotional health , develop scholastic achievement , foster ethnic tolerance , promote peace , and improve the quality of life for war-affected children and adolescents through the establishment of on-going music education and performance programs . ''
Founded by Liz Shropshire in 1999 , the Shropshire Foundation currently has programs in three countries . The Kosovo branch is helping children recover from the trauma of the ethnic cleansing that Serbian forces undertook in 1998 . The SMF is helping children in Northern Ireland , where segregation of Protestants and Catholics has torn apart communities . In Uganda , the SMF is helping children who have been victims of child soldiery . In Greece , SMF has been teaching music classes in refugee camps since Fall 2016 .
The Shropshire Music Foundation has an all-volunteer staff , and in many communities , the program is run by young adults who were so greatly influenced by Ms. Shropshire 's foundation that they have committed to furthering the program . Groups have sprung up all over the world to benefit the Shropshire Music Foundation ( which is run entirely off donations ) . Private contributors , music companies , and schools of music , such as the Eastman School of Music , are working to keep the foundation alive , as it has become financially threatened in recent years .
References
`` Musicians for Peace '' Benefit Album available on playitforward.com from 18 August 2017 .
Children 's arts organizations
Organizations established in 1999
Organizations for children affected by war
1999 establishments in England
Craspedoxantha bafut is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Nigeria , Cameroon .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1990
Diptera of Africa
Harold Dixon may refer to :
Harold Baily Dixon ( 1852–1930 ) , British chemist
Harold Dixon ( songwriter ) , American composer , lyricist and publisher
See also
Hal Dixon ( disambiguation )
Liebfrauenmünster in Wolframs-Eschenbach is a church in Wolframs-Eschenbach , Bavaria , Germany . It was built in 1310 .
The altar of the Rosary in the church was made in 1510 probably by disciples of Veit Stoß .
Notes
Buildings and structures completed in 1310
14th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Germany
Wolframs-Eschenbach
Lowell Jackson Fellure ( October 3 , 1931 – July 31 , 2022 ) was an American perennial political candidate and engineer . He was the presidential nominee of the Prohibition Party for the 2012 presidential election .
Early life and career
Fellure was born in Midkiff , West Virginia , in 1931 , to Ellis Elwin and Bessie Jean Fellure . He attended grade school in nearby Salt Rock , graduating from Barboursville High School in 1949 . Fellure then enrolled at Marshall College ( now Marshall University ) , and upon graduation became a teacher .
In his professional life , Fellure worked a variety of jobs , culminating in a position as a field engineer for General Electric , from which he retired in 1991 . He served as a minister to a wide range of churches .
Campaigns
Fellure formally campaigned for President of the United States in every presidential election since 1988 as a member of the Republican Party . He asserts on his campaign web site that his platform based on the King James Version of the Bible never changed . As a candidate , he called for the elimination of the liquor industry , abortion , and pornography , and advocates prayer in public schools and criminalization of homosexuality . He blamed the ills of society on those he characterized as `` atheists , Marxists , liberals , queers , liars , draft dodgers , flag burners , dope addicts , sex perverts and anti-Christians . ''
In 1992 , Fellure filed to run in the New Hampshire , West Virginia and Kansas Republican primaries . By November 1991 , he had spent $ 40,000 of his own money on the campaign , and he sent a King James Bible to the Federal Election Commission as a copy of his platform . Regarding the 1611 English version of the Bible , he said :
God wrote it as the supreme document and final authority in the affairs of all men , nations and civilizations , for time and eternity ... It shall never be necessary to change it .
Fellure received 36 votes in the New Hampshire primary and complained that President George H. W. Bush and commentator Pat Buchanan were receiving all the media attention .
During the 1996 presidential election while running for the Republican Party presidential nomination , he criticized former President George H. W. Bush as a man `` responsible for inestimable damage toward the destruction of this sovereign democratic constitutional republic [ who ] continued to water the seeds of international , Satanic Marxism to the exclusion of our national sovereignty '' . He added that President Bill Clinton `` merely shifted into overdrive the socialistic , Marxist New World Order agenda . '' He appeared on the primary ballot in Puerto Rico and received 34 votes ( 0.01 % ) . In the general election , Fellure received one write-in vote in Idaho .
Fellure again filed to run for president in 2000 , but did not appear on any primary ballots . In 2004 , he challenged incumbent President George W. Bush for the Republican Party nomination . Fellure was the only candidate to appear alongside Bush in the North Dakota caucus , as he met the Federal Election Commission requirement of $ 5,000 in receipts . He received 14 of the 2,020 votes cast ( about 0.7 % ) , and lost all 26 delegates to Bush .
2012 campaign
After another run in 2008 , Fellure initially ran for the Republican Party 's 2012 presidential nomination .
After failing to gain attention for his 2012 presidential campaign as a Republican , Fellure decided to seek the nomination of the Prohibition Party at the party 's national convention in Cullman , Alabama . Fellure was nominated for president on the second ballot , beating out former Thompson Township tax assessor and longtime Prohibition Party activist James Hedges of Pennsylvania . Party chairman Toby Davis was named as his running mate . The ticket appeared on the ballot only in Louisiana and received 518 votes on Election Day .
Return to Republican Party
In November 2012 , Fellure filed with the FEC to run for the Republican Party 's 2016 presidential nomination . He was unsuccessful . In November 2016 , Fellure filed to run for the party 's 2020 presidential nomination , but failed to make the ballot in any state .
In a 2021 interview , Fellure reflected on his many campaigns , and remarked , `` I found that people either readily accept or totally reject the Word of God . There seems to be no middle ground . ''
Personal life
Fellure resided in Hurricane , West Virginia , with his wife Jean , and was the father of seven children . They attended an Independent Fundamental Baptist church in Hurricane .
On July 31 , 2022 , Fellure died at St. Mary 's Medical Center in Huntington , West Virginia , at the age of 90 .
See also
Christian views on alcohol
Dominion Theology
King James Only movement
Radical Right
Perennial candidate
Protestant fundamentalism
References
External links
Unofficial Campaign website ( archived )
FEC filing
1931 births
2022 deaths
20th-century far-right politicians in the United States
Dominion theology
Far-right politicians in the United States
King James Only movement
Prohibition Party ( United States ) presidential nominees
People from Lincoln County , West Virginia
People from Hurricane , West Virginia
Candidates in the 1988 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 1992 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 1996 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 2000 United States presidential election
20th-century American politicians
Candidates in the 2004 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 2008 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 2012 United States presidential election
21st-century American politicians
Candidates in the 2016 United States presidential election
Candidates in the 2020 United States presidential election
West Virginia politicians
West Virginia Republicans
American conspiracy theorists
American Protestants
West Virginia Prohibitionists
Engineers from West Virginia
Religious leaders from West Virginia
Independent Baptist ministers
The Center for Information Security Technologies at Korea University in Seoul , South Korea is the institute for contribution to the research and development of security such as security protocols ( cryptography ) , network and system security , digital forensics . The Center does a major service to the national operating system related to information security .
Research network
Companies
Microsoft
Hidea
MCURIX
NHN
LDCC
Government agencies
Ministry of Information and Communication
National Intelligence Service
Defense Security Command
National Police Agency
Ministry of Public Administration and Security
Supreme Public Prosecutor 's Office
Korea Institute of Finance and National Election Commission
Government-funded agencies
ETRI
KISA
NSRI
Research fields
See also
Graduate School of Information Management and Security ( Former Graduate School of Information Security )
External links
Institute website
Institutes of Korea University
Information technology research institutes
San Gregorio is a commune in the far south of Chile . It is part of Magallanes Region and Province , and is administered by the municipality of the same name located in Punta Delgada , the principal town in the commune ( the coordinates are those of Punta Delgada ) .
The comuna is on the north shore of the Strait of Magellan ; between the Strait , to the south , and the border with Argentina , to the north . At the Primera Angostura , south of the town of Punta Delgada , there is a ferry crossing to Primavera commune on Tierra del Fuego Island . The good wind resource attracted a wind power project , scheduled for 2025 .
Features
In the settlement of Estancia San Gregorio ( ) , some southwest of Punta Delgada , there is an estancia , and several imposing buildings dating from 1882 .
Nearby are wrecks of two 19th-century cargo ships . was a sailing tea clipper , built in London in 1869 and beached at San Gregorio in 1896 . Amadeo was a steamship , built in Liverpool in 1884 and beached at San Gregorio in 1932 .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , San Gregorio spans an area of and has 1,158 inhabitants ( 886 men and 272 women ) , making the commune an entirely rural area . The population fell by 29.5 % ( 485 persons ) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses .
The population is mostly descended from Croatian , Spanish and other Europeans .
Administration
As a comuna , San Gregorio is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council , headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years . The 2012–2016 alcalde is Edgar Cárcamo Alderete .
Within the electoral divisions of Chile , San Gregorio is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Morano ( PDC ) and Gabriel Boric ( Ind . ) as part of the 60th electoral district , which includes the entire Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region . The commune is represented in the Senate by Carlos Bianchi Chelech ( Ind . ) and Carolina Goic ( PDC ) as part of the 19th senatorial constituency ( Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region ) .
References
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Magallanes Province
Populated places in the Strait of Magellan
Curtis Fagan ( born September 1 , 1979 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the Arena Football League who played for the New York Dragons and Arizona Rattlers . He played college football for the Oklahoma Sooners .
References
1979 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
New York Dragons players
Arizona Rattlers players
Oklahoma Sooners football players
The term minority reign or royal minority refers to the period of a sovereign 's rule when he or she is legally a minor . Minority reigns are of their nature times when politicians and advisors can be especially competitive . Some scholars claim that , in Britain , primogeniture , the growth of conciliar government , and the emergence of the Parliament as a representative and administrative force all occurred within the context of the minority reigns .
Minority reigns also characterized a period in the Roman Empire from 367 to 455 , the years that preceded the reign of Valentinian III , who also became emperor at the age of six . The succession of child-turned-adult emperors led to the so-called infantilization of the imperial office , which had taken hold during the long reign of Honorius , Valentinian 's predecessor . Here , the imperial office operated within a severely curtailed system compared to its authority a century prior .
Authority
Commonly , a regent is appointed if a sovereign is a minor . There are cases when no regent is appointed but these did not mean that the monarch held authority . For example , during the minority reign of Theodosius II , power was wielded by Anthemius before his sister Pulcheria was appointed the regent . In many instances , the advent of a royal minority led to fierce competition for any regency office , and in England only one actual regent was ever appointed : In October 1216 William Marshal , 1st Earl of Pembroke became regent for the nine-year-old Henry III on the death of King John . Subsequent royal minorities before 1811 were dealt with by the appointment of officers who held the less provocative title `` Lords Justices of the Realm '' , `` Lord Protector '' or `` Protector and Defender '' ( after 1422 ) , and sometimes `` Guardian of the Realm '' . In all instances they were intended to be assisted by a collective council or body of officials , although the brief Protectorate of Richard , duke of Gloucester from April to June 1483 did not allow for the naming of an official council .
Examples
Sovereigns who have ruled as minors include :
Valentinian III , Western Roman Emperor
Louis the Child of East Francia
Otto III , Holy Roman Emperor
Henry IV of Germany
Frederick II of the Holy Roman Empire
Pedro II of Brazil
Simeon II of Bulgaria
Philip I of France
Louis IX of France
John I of France
Charles VI of France
Charles VIII of France
Francis II of France
Charles IX of France
Louis XIII of France
Louis XIV of France
Louis XV of France
Henry III of England
Edward III of England
Richard II of England
Henry VI of England
Edward V of England
Edward VI of England
Ladislaus III of Hungary
Mary of Hungary
Marie-Adélaïde , Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
Wilhelmina of the Netherlands
Sancho II of Portugal
Afonso V of Portugal
Sebastian of Portugal
Afonso VI of Portugal
Maria II of Portugal
Pedro V of Portugal
Michael of Romania
Ivan IV of Russia
Peter I the Great of Russia
Malcolm IV of Scotland
Alexander III of Scotland
David II of Scotland
James I of Scotland
James II of Scotland
James III of Scotland
James IV of Scotland
James V of Scotland
Mary , Queen of Scots
James VI of Scotland
Alfonso V of León
Bermudo III of León
Alfonso VIII of Castile
Henry I of Castile
Ferdinand IV of Castile
Alfonso XI of Castile
Henry III of Castile
John II of Castile
García Sánchez I of Pamplona
Theobald II of Navarre
Joan I of Navarre
Francis Phoebus of Navarre
Catherine of Navarre
Petronilla of Aragon
Alfonso II of Aragon
James I of Aragon
Charles II of Spain
Isabella II of Spain
Alfonso XIII of Spain
Peter II of Yugoslavia
Liu Hong of Western Han ( China )
Emperor Zhao of Western Han ( China )
Emperor Ping of Western Han ( China )
Emperor He of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Shang of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor An of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Shun of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Chong of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Zhi of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Huan of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Ling of Eastern Han ( China )
Liu Bian of Eastern Han ( China )
Emperor Xian of Eastern Han ( China )
Cao Fang of Cao Wei ( China )
Cao Mao of Cao Wei ( China )
Emperor Yuan of Cao Wei ( China )
Sun Liang of Eastern Wu ( China )
Emperor Min of Western Jin ( China )
Emperor Cheng of Eastern Jin ( China )
Emperor Mu of Eastern Jin ( China )
Emperor Xiaowu of Eastern Jin ( China )
Emperor An of Eastern Jin ( China )
Duke Ai of Former Liang ( China )
Prince Chong of Former Liang ( China )
Shi Shi of Later Zhao ( China )
Emperor You of Former Yan ( China )
Emperor Wencheng of Northern Wei ( China )
Emperor Xianwen of Northern Wei ( China )
Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei ( China )
Emperor Xiaoming of Northern Wei ( China )
Yuan Zhao of Northern Wei ( China )
Emperor Xiaojing of Eastern Wei ( China )
Gao Yin of Northern Qi ( China )
Gao Wei of Northern Qi ( China )
Gao Heng of Northern Qi ( China )
Emperor Jing of Northern Zhou ( China )
Liu Yu of Liu Song ( China )
Emperor Shun of Liu Song ( China )
Xiao Zhaowen of Southern Qi ( China )
Emperor He of Southern Qi ( China )
Emperor Jing of Liang ( China )
Chen Bozong of Chen ( China )
Yang You of Sui ( China )
Yang Tong of Sui ( China )
Emperor Shang of Tang ( China )
Emperor Jingzong of Tang ( China )
Emperor Xizong of Tang ( China )
Emperor Ai of Tang ( China )
Emperor Gong of Later Zhou ( China )
Emperor Xuan of Yang Wu ( China )
King Chengzong of Wuyue ( China )
Emperor Shengzong of Liao ( China )
Emperor Renzong of Northern Song ( China )
Emperor Zhezong of Northern Song ( China )
Emperor Gong of Southern Song ( China )
Emperor Duanzong of Southern Song ( China )
Zhao Bing of Southern Song ( China )
Emperor Yizong of Western Xia ( China )
Emperor Huizong of Western Xia ( China )
Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia ( China )
Tianshun Emperor of Yuan ( China )
Emperor Ningzong of Yuan ( China )
Emperor Yingzong of Ming ( China )
Zhengde Emperor of Ming ( China )
Jiajing Emperor of Ming ( China )
Wanli Emperor of Ming ( China )
Tianqi Emperor of Ming ( China )
Shunzhi Emperor of Qing ( China )
Kangxi Emperor of Qing ( China )
Tongzhi Emperor of Qing ( China )
Guangxu Emperor of Qing ( China )
Xuantong Emperor of Qing ( China )
Footnotes
Ageism
Juvenile law
Reigns
Fatou is a gorilla residing at Berlin Zoo , Germany .
Estimated to have been born in 1957 in the wild , she was brought from West Africa to France by a sailor in 1959 , and then acquired by the Berlin Zoo . In 1974 she gave birth to the first gorilla to be raised in Berlin , Dufte .
She celebrated her 65th birthday on April 13 , 2022 . Since the death of Colo in January 2017 , she has likely been the oldest living gorilla in the world ( initially together with American gorilla Trudy , who died in July 2019 ) .
Through her only offspring , Dufte , Fatou is a grandmother of two , great-grandmother of 13 ( six living ) , and great-great-grandmother of 16 ( ten living ) .
References
Individual gorillas
1957 animal births
Berlin Zoological Garden
A Woman of Affairs is a 1928 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer drama film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Greta Garbo , John Gilbert , Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Lewis Stone . The film , released with a synchronized score and sound effects , was based on a 1924 best-selling novel by Michael Arlen , The Green Hat , which he adapted as a four-act stage play in 1925 . The Green Hat was considered so daring in the United States that the movie did not allow any associations with it and was renamed A Woman of Affairs , with the characters also renamed to mollify the censors . In particular , the film script eliminated all references to heroin use , homosexuality and syphilis that were at the core of the tragedies involved .
Michael Arlen and Bess Meredyth 's script was nominated for Best Writing at the 2nd Academy Awards .
In 1934 , MGM released a remake of the film titled Outcast Lady starring Constance Bennett .
Plot
Diana Merrick ( Greta Garbo ) , Neville ( John Gilbert ) and David ( Johnny Mack Brown ) were playmates as children , members of the rich British aristocracy . Diana and Neville are in love , but his father ( Hobart Bosworth ) opposes the match , disapproving the Merrick family 's lifestyle . Neville is sent to Egypt for business purposes and to become wealthy .
Diana , after waiting in vain for two years for Neville 's return , finally marries David , who is also in love with her and good friends with her brother Jeffry ( Douglas Fairbanks Jr. ) . During their honeymoon David commits suicide . Diana does not explain the reasons behind her husband 's action , except to say , `` He died for decency . '' Jeffry , who was deeply connected to David , blames his sister for his friend 's death ; he falls deeper into alcohol as his sister starts a reckless life , seducing man after man .
Years later , Neville returns to England to marry Constance ( Dorothy Sebastian ) . Jeffry is now gravely ill , and Diana brings Dr. Trevelyan , a family friend , to his bedside and then leaves since Jeffry still refuses to see her . As she starts to drive away , she sees Neville who has followed her and Dr. Trevelyan in a cab . Diana and Neville go to his apartment , realize they are still in love , and spend that one night together . During the night Jeffry dies . Dr. Trevelyan goes to Neville 's apartment in the morning to give him the news and discovers that Diana has spent the night there . Three days later , Neville marries Constance .
About nine months go by : Diana falls ill ( in the script she is supposed to have suffered a miscarriage , but because of censorship , this could n't be mentioned ) and is visited by Neville . Diana professes her love for him before realizing Constance is in the room . Neville asks Diana for forgiveness and promises that they will be together .
Upon learning of their decision to move to South America Sir Morton sends Diana a letter asking for a meeting so they can talk things over . There he tells her that he 's unhappy with the couple because he believes that she is dishonorable and undeserving of his son .
Neville and Constance arrive , mad at his father 's rudeness towards Diana he decides to reveal the real reason of David 's death , believing that it would sway his father 's opinion of Diana . David had been embezzling money for some time , and decided to commit suicide once he realized he was going to be arrested . After that Diana used her own money to reimburse all of his victims , in secrecy , to keep her husband 's honor and her brother 's memory of him .
Diana is convinced that the only reason Neville decided to be with her is n't because of love but because he finally believes she is honoured . Saddened she decides to break things up by announcing that Constance is pregnant . Amid the furor she leaves .
Constance denies it so they drive out in search for Diana . They find her car overturned after it ran into the tree in front of which she and Neville had fallen in love and sworn eternal fidelity .
Censorship
In the popular novel on which the film was based , The Green Hat , David commits suicide because he suffers from syphilis , not because of a criminal background . This critical plot element was excised during scripting by the Hays Commission .
Cast
Greta Garbo – Diana Merrick Furness
John Gilbert – Neville `` Nevs '' Holderness
Lewis Stone – Dr. Hugh Trevelyan
Johnny Mack Brown – David Furness ( as John Mack Brown )
Douglas Fairbanks Jr. – Jeffry Merrick
Hobart Bosworth – Sir Morton Holderness
Dorothy Sebastian – Constance
Reception
Critical response
All Movie Guide provides a rating of three stars .
From Variety , January 23 , 1929A sensational array of screen names , and the intriguing nature of the story ( The Green Hat ) from which it was made , together with some magnificence in the acting by Greta Garbo , by long odds the best thing she has ever done , will carry through this vague and sterilized version of Michael Arlen 's exotic play .... But the kick is out of the material , and , worse yet , John Gilbert , idol of the flappers , has an utterly blah role . Most of the footage he just stands around , rather sheepishly , in fact , while others shape the events . At this performance ( the second of the Saturday opening ) , whole groups of women customers audibly expressed their discontent with the proceedings . ... Miss Garbo saves an unfortunate situation throughout by a subtle something in her playing that suggests just the exotic note that is essential to the whole theme and story . Without her eloquent acting the picture would go to pieces .
From The New York Times , January 21 , 1929Not only is the narrative translated with changes only where it was obviously necessary to circumvent censorial frowns , but Miss Garbo gives a most intelligent and fascinating impersonation of that `` sad lady '' ... Mr. Gilbert does nicely as the man with whom Diana is madly in love ... Except for his penchant for flashes of symbolism , Clarence Brown has handled this production imaginatively and resourcefully . The story is never confused , and while the reason for all the trouble may at times be somewhat incredible , the scenes are invariably beautifully photographed and admirably constructed .
From Judge ( text by Pare Lorentz ) The most interesting feature of A Woman of Affairs is the treatment accorded it by the censors . As it is obvious , the story was adapted from Michael Arlen 's best seller , The Green Hat , and , as every reader of that Hispano-Suiza advertisement will recollect , the heroine 's white feather was borne for the proud fact that her suicide husband suffered from an ailment enjoyed by some of our most popular kings , prelates and prize-fighters . Well , sir , Bishop Hays changes that to `` embezzlement '' . And , for some strange reason , instead of using the word `` purity '' ( the boy died for purity , according to Iris March ) they substituted the oft-repeated word `` decency '' . To anyone who can show me why `` purity '' is a more immoral word than `` decency '' , I 'll gladly send an eighty-five cent Paramount ticket , to be used at your own risk . Outside of its purification , the movie is a good dramatization of the novel and for the first time I respected the performance of Greta Garbo . She shuffled through the long , melancholy and sometimes beautiful scenes with more grace and sincerity than I have ever before observed , and the fact that she rode down and practically eliminated John Gilbert 's goggling is in itself grounds for recommendation . Another indifferent performer , Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. , suddenly snapped to life under the guidance of Director Brown , and gave a splendid performance . Lewis Stone made his usual calm and reserved appearance and , even with its melancholy apathy , you will find A Woman of Affairs worth seeing .
Box office
The film was a hit , garnering receipts of $ 1,370.000 ( $ 850,000 in the US and $ 520,000 abroad ) , against a budget of $ 383,000 . It was one of the top 20 box office films of 1929 . It brought in a profit of $ 417,000 .
Home media
A Laserdisc edition was released on October 12 , 1992 , by MGM/UA as part of MGM 's Silent Classics series and a VHS release of the film was made in the USA on September 1 , 1998 ( NTSC format ) . The film was made available on DVD through the Warner Archive Collection on March 5 , 2019 .
References
External links
A Woman of Affairs at Silents are Golden
A Woman of Affairs review at The New York Times
1928 films
American silent feature films
American romantic drama films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Clarence Brown
Films set in London
Films about suicide
Films with screenplays by Bess Meredyth
1928 romantic drama films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
The 1926 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 2 , 1926 . Republican nominee Fred W. Green defeated Democratic nominee William Comstock with 63.35 % of the vote .
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Fred W. Green , Republican
William Comstock , Democratic
Other candidates
Frank E. Titus , Prohibition
William Reynolds , Workers
Results
References
1926
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1926 events
Season 1881–82 was the seventh season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level , entering the Scottish Cup for the seventh time .
Overview
Hearts were knocked out in the first round of the Scottish Cup by St Bernard 's .
Later in the season they reached the second round of the Edinburgh FA Cup being beaten by rival Hibs .
Results
Scottish Cup
Edinburgh FA Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C . seasons
References
Statistical Record 81-82
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C . seasons
Heart
The 1924–25 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 17th since its establishment .
League table
References
1924–25 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
香港倒後鏡blog
Hong Kong First Division League
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Yamaguchi .
National Historic Sites
As of 1 July 2019 , forty-three Sites have been designated as being of national significance .
Prefectural Historic Sites
As of 1 May 2018 , thirty-one Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance .
Municipal Historic Sites
As of 1 May 2018 , a further one hundred and thirty-five Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance .
See also
Cultural Properties of Japan
Suō Province
Nagato Province
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum
List of Cultural Properties of Japan - paintings ( Yamaguchi )
List of Places of Scenic Beauty of Japan ( Yamaguchi )
References
External links
Cultural Propertied in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Yamaguchi Prefecture
Yamaguchi
Werner Jannick Heyking ( 14 June 1913 – 10 October 1974 ) was a Danish actor who was active in television films and serials during the 1960s and early 1970s .
Heyking had a small role in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory as Charlie Bucket 's boss Mr. Jopeck . He also appeared in the film Downhill Racer ( 1969 ) . Heyking 's final role came in 1973 in an episode of the television series Tatort .
Heyking died the following year on 10 October 1974 from throat cancer .
Filmography
External links
1913 births
1974 deaths
Danish male film actors
Danish male television actors
Deaths from cancer in Denmark
20th-century Danish male actors
Deaths from throat cancer
The Concerto for Orchestra is an orchestral composition by the Polish-American composer Stanisław Skrowaczewski . Though originally composed in 1983 and premiered in the mid-1980s , Skrowaczewski later reworked the composition . It was first performed in its revised form on November 19 , 1998 , in Philadelphia by the orchestra of the Curtis Institute of Music . The revised piece was a finalist for the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Music .
Composition
The Concerto for Orchestra has a duration of roughly 30 minutes is composed in two movements :
Adagio , Misterioso
Adagio , `` Anton Bruckners Himmelfahrt '' ( `` Bruckner 's Heavenly Journey '' )
Reception
Martin Cotton of BBC Music Magazine lauded the composition , writing , `` The Concerto for Orchestra is the expected display piece only in the first of its two movements , and the orchestra provides the necessary sparkle , but it also responds to the deeper substance of the long Adagio , subtitled 'Bruckner 's Heavenly Journey ' . Here the long-breathed string lines and cushioned brass writing pay tribute to the Austrian symphonist , while the harmonies and use of percussion place the music firmly in the 20th century . ''
References
Compositions by Stanisław Skrowaczewski
1983 compositions
1998 compositions
Skrowaczewski
The Kingston upon Hull North by-election of 27 January 1966 was held after the death of Labour Member of Parliament ( MP ) Henry Solomons on 7 November 1965 . The seat was retained with an increased majority by Kevin McNamara of the Labour Party . This has been attributed to the announcement of the construction of the Humber Bridge by the government during the campaign .
Previous general election result
Results
Aftermath
Harold Wilson 's Labour Party formed a government after winning a majority of four seats at the 1964 general election . Shortly after this by-election , Wilson called a general election for 31 March . Wilson 's hope that he would be returned to office with a larger majority had been encouraged by the government 's victory at the Kingston upon Hull North by-election . In the end , Wilson 's decision was vindicated , as Labour was returned with a larger majority of 96 seats .
References
Further reading
Sophie Roberts , `` The campaign of the 'red-bearded radical ' : Richard Gott and the Hull North by-election , 1966 '' , Contemporary British History , vol . 32 , issue 3 ( 2018 ) , pp . 336–358 .
External links
Full result
Election literature for Radical Alliance
1966 elections in the United Kingdom
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Yorkshire and the Humber constituencies
Elections in Kingston upon Hull
1960s in the East Riding of Yorkshire
1966 English local elections
20th century in Kingston upon Hull
is a Japanese retired baseball pitcher who played in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) and Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He achieved early success in his native country , where he played with the Kintetsu Buffaloes from to . He then exploited a loophole to free himself from his contract , and became the first Japanese major leaguer to permanently relocate to MLB in the United States , debuting with the Los Angeles Dodgers in . Although he was not the first Japanese player in American professional baseball , Nomo is often credited with opening the door for Japanese players in MLB , due to his star status .
Nomo pitched over a span of 13 seasons in the American major leagues with 8 different teams , before retiring in . In 1995 , he won the National League ( NL ) Rookie of the Year Award and was named an MLB All-Star . He twice led MLB in strikeouts and also threw two no-hitters . He was the only Japanese pitcher in MLB to throw a no-hitter until the Seattle Mariners ' Hisashi Iwakuma did so on August 12 , 2015 , against the Baltimore Orioles .
Nomo was well known for his distinctive `` tornado '' pitching windup and delivery . In 2014 , Nomo was inducted into the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame . He currently resides in Los Angeles , California .
Early life
Nomo was born in Minato-ku , Osaka , Japan , into the working-class family of Shizuo , a fisherman and postal worker , and Kayoko , a part-time supermarket employee . As a youth , Nomo was shy and withdrawn , although passionate about baseball . He developed his corkscrew-style pitching motion in order to impress his father while playing catch . He believed that rotating from having his back turned to his target would help him add speed to his pitches .
Nomo graduated from Seijo Industrial High School in Osaka where he grew to and . However , he was not selected in the Nippon Professional Baseball draft due to issues with his control . Instead , in 1988 , Nomo joined Shin-Nittetsu Sakai , an Industrial League team representing Nippon Steel 's branch in Sakai , Osaka . During this time , Nomo slept with a tennis ball taped between his fingers in order to perfect his forkball grip .
Success in Nippon Professional Baseball
Nomo honed his forkball and his control while pitching in the Industrial League . At the 1988 Summer Olympics , Nomo played for the silver medal-winning Japanese baseball team and the Kintetsu Buffaloes drafted him in . Nomo debuted with them in 1990 and was an immediate success , going 18–8 but more impressively striking out 287 hitters in just 235 innings . The strikeout numbers were attributed to his unorthodox wind-up , where he turned his back to the hitter , raised his pivot leg , and paused for a second before throwing . The delivery increased his pitch speed and made it more difficult for batters to spot the ball coming out of his hand . The windup gave him the nickname `` Tornado . '' Nomo won the Triple Crown that year .
In his first four seasons , Nomo was as consistent , and consistently good , as any pitcher in Japanese baseball , winning 17 or 18 games each year . His fifth season in 1994 was marred by a shoulder injury and netted him only eight wins . Nomo 's forkball became famous for being unpredictable for hitters and catchers alike .
Moving to the United States
Nomo had become one of the most popular baseball players in Japan but after the 1994 season , Nomo got into a contract dispute with team management . The Buffaloes rebuffed Nomo 's demands to have a contract agent and multi-year contract . Because he was drafted by Kintetsu , the Buffaloes retained exclusive rights to Nomo ; however , Nomo 's agent , Don Nomura , found a loophole in the Japanese Uniform Players Contract to enable him to become a free agent . The `` voluntary retirement clause '' allowed a player who retired to play for whomever he wished after returning to active status . This led to him heading to the U.S. , where in February 1995 , the Los Angeles Dodgers signed him .
Nomo made his U.S. pro baseball debut with the Bakersfield Blaze on April 27 , 1995 , against the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes . Placed on a 90-pitch limit , and throwing mainly fastballs , Nomo pitched innings , taking the 2–1 loss against the Quakes . On May 2 , after a month in the minors necessitated by a player 's strike , he became the first Japanese-born Major Leaguer to appear in a major league game since Masanori Murakami in . He was also the first Japanese-born player to relocate permanently to the American major leagues , as Murakami played only two seasons with the San Francisco Giants and then returned to the Japanese major leagues for the remainder of his career . The pressure on Nomo would be tremendous , and Japanese media and fans appeared in large numbers in games he started . Nomo 's games were regularly broadcast live to Japan , despite the fact most people would be waking up when he started games .
Career in Major League Baseball
1995–1997
The tornado delivery that baffled batters in Japan had the same effect on major league hitters , and he led the league in strikeouts in 1995 ( while finishing second in walks ) and was second with a 2.54 ERA . He struck out 11.101 batters per 9 innings to break Sandy Koufax 's single-season franchise record of 10.546 in . He also started that year 's All-Star Game , striking out three of the six batters he faced . He topped out at 93 mph in that game . Nomo was named NL Rookie of the Year honors that year over future MVP Chipper Jones . Nomo had another fine season in which was capped by a no-hitter thrown on September 17 in the unlikeliest of places , Denver 's Coors Field , a park notoriously known as being a hitters ' park because of its high elevation , semi-arid climate , and lack of foul territory . Nomo 's no-hitter remains as the only one in Coors Field , and was the last Dodger to throw a no-hitter until Josh Beckett completed one on May 25 , 2014 .
Nomo also found commercial success in America . Nomo had a signature sneaker , called the Air Max Nomo , produced by Nike in 1996 . Also , he appeared on a Segata Sanshiro commercial for the Sega Saturn in 1997 .
As batters caught on to his delivery , his effectiveness waned a bit in , although he still went 14–12 , joining Dwight Gooden as the only other pitcher to strike out at least 200 batters in each of his first three seasons .
1998–2000
Nomo pitched poorly in , starting the season 2–7 and was dealt to the New York Mets . His performance did not improve and was released that season . In , he signed with the Chicago Cubs and made three starts for their Triple-A minor league team before refusing to make further starts in the minors , and received a contract with the Milwaukee Brewers , where he went 12–8 with a 4.54 ERA . He reached the 1,000 strikeout mark in 1999 , the third fastest in major league history . The Brewers waived him after contract issues and the Philadelphia Phillies claimed him , then granted him free agency only 24 hours later after more contract issues . Finally signed by the Detroit Tigers in , he went 8–12 with a 4.74 ERA and was again released .
2001–2003
Nomo signed with the Boston Red Sox in and started the season in spectacular fashion , throwing his second no-hitter in his Sox debut , on April 4 , against the Baltimore Orioles , walking three and striking out 11 . This no-hitter was the first in the 10-year history of Oriole Park at Camden Yards and made Nomo the first Red Sox to pitch a no-hitter since Dave Morehead in . Nomo also became just the fourth player in baseball history to have thrown a no-hitter in both leagues ( joining Cy Young , Jim Bunning and Nolan Ryan . Randy Johnson would later join them , becoming the fifth player after throwing a perfect game in 2004 ) . It is the earliest , calendar-wise , that a Major League Baseball no-hitter has been pitched . Nomo also led the league in strikeouts for the first time since his first season in MLB .
A free agent after the end of the year , Nomo returned to the Dodgers , in . He ended up having his best season since 1996 , posting a 16–6 record , 193 strikeouts , and 3.39 ERA . The following year , he had another strong season , going 16–13 with 177 K and a 3.09 ERA . During September , however , he began to exhibit signs of injury and fatigue .
2004–2008
Nomo began to struggle again in . After undergoing shoulder surgery in October 2003 , he was benched after going 4–11 with an 8.25 ERA for the Dodgers ( the worst ERA in the history of baseball for a player with at least 15 decisions in a season ) .
Before the start of spring training for , he signed a $ 800,000 contract with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays . The contract also included a $ 700,000 incentive that kicked in if Nomo started 20 games . The stipulation was allegedly included because Devil Rays upper management was unsure if Nomo had fully recovered from his injury . After a poor start in which he posted a 7.24 ERA , he was released on July 25 . Coincidentally or not , this was two days before he was slated to make his twentieth major league start . On July 27 , Nomo was picked up off waivers by the New York Yankees , who signed him to a minor league contract , but never recalled him . Nomo was signed to a minor league contract by the Chicago White Sox during spring training in to play for the Triple-A Charlotte Knights of the International League , but the White Sox released him on June 7 of that year .
In , Nomo signed on with the Leones del Caracas of the Venezuelan Winter League , managed by his former catcher , Carlos Hernández . His participation in the Venezuelan league was viewed as a first step toward an eventual Major League comeback . He made his debut on October 20 , 2007 , against Tiburones de La Guaira . Nomo pitched one inning , allowing one hit and no runs .
On January 4 , , Nomo signed a minor league contract for 2008 with the Kansas City Royals . If added to the roster Nomo would have received a $ 600,000 one-year contract and the chance to earn $ 100,000 in performance bonuses . On April 5 , his contract was bought by the Royals and was added to the 25-man roster . On April 10 , Nomo made his first major league appearance since 2005 . He faced the New York Yankees in relief . He was brought in to start the seventh inning of a game while the Yankees were leading 4–1 . Nomo loaded the bases , but was able to retire his native countryman , Hideki Matsui , to strand all three runners . However , he later surrendered back-to-back homers to Alex Rodriguez and Jorge Posada in the ninth inning . On April 20 , Nomo was designated for assignment . The Royals released him on April 29 , 2008 . On July 17 , 2008 , Nomo officially announced his retirement from Major League Baseball .
Post playing career
Prior to the 2016 season , the San Diego Padres hired Nomo as Advisor for Baseball Operations , to assist the club with player development and expand their international profile . David Bednar has stated that he learned his split-finger from Nomo .
Playing style
With an overhand delivery , Nomo threw a fastball topping out at 95 mph and a forkball as his primary pitches .
Nomo was known for his signature windup , known as `` The Tornado '' . He began by slowly raising his arms high above his head before lifting his front leg and twisting his torso until his back faced home plate . Then , he hurtled toward the plate with an explosive delivery that featured the same arm speed for all his pitches .
Accomplishments
Nomo earned 123 wins in the Major Leagues and 78 in Japan , winning his 200th overall game on June 15 , 2005 . Nomo 's success helped inspire other stars from Japan such as Ichiro Suzuki , Hideki Matsui , and Daisuke Matsuzaka to come over to the States as well .
In addition , Nomo is one of only five players that have ever pitched at least one no-hitter game in both the National League and American League in Major League Baseball history . He has , to date , thrown the only no-hitter at Oriole Park at Camden Yards and at Coors Field .
He won the 1996 ESPY Award for Breakthrough Athlete .
Nomo was elected to the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame in 2014 , only the third ever to be selected in their first year of eligibility . At the time , he was also the youngest player ever elected to that Hall of Fame , although his record was broken in 2018 by Hideki Matsui .
In popular culture
A song about Nomo , `` There 's No One Like Nomo '' performed by Jack Sheldon , written by Marvin Hamlisch and Alan and Marilyn Bergman , was released by GNP Crescendo Records ( GNPD 1406 ) in 1996 .
Nomo has been referenced in hip-hop lyrics by rappers such as Pusha T and Wale .
Pro wrestler Mitsuhide Hirasawa adopted the ring name Hideo Saito , partially in homage to Nomo .
See also
Eiji Sawamura Award
List of Boston Red Sox no-hitters
List of Los Angeles Dodgers no-hitters
List of Major League Baseball annual shutout leaders
List of Major League Baseball career strikeout leaders
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
List of Major League Baseball players from Japan
Los Angeles Dodgers award winners and league leaders
References
Further reading
Fagen , Herb . Nomo : The Inside Story on Baseball 's Hottest Sensation . Friday Harbor , Washington : Turtleback Books , 1996. , .
Rodman , Edmon J. Nomo : The Tornado Who Took America by Storm . Los Angeles : Lowell House , 1996. .
Whiting , Robert , `` Nomo blazed trail , helped mend fences with move '' , Japan Times , 3 October 2010 , p. 22 .
Whiting , Robert , `` Contract loophole opened door for Nomo 's jump '' , Japan Times , 10 October 2010 , p. 18 .
Whiting , Robert , `` Tireless work ethic earned Nomo respect in majors '' , Japan Times , 17 October 2010 , p. 18 .
Whiting , Robert , `` Nomo 's legacy should land him in Hall of Fame '' , Japan Times , 24 October 2010 , p. 22 .
External links
, or Retrosheet
Nomo Baseball club
1968 births
American League strikeout champions
Bakersfield Blaze players
Baseball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boston Red Sox players
Charlotte Knights players
Columbus Clippers players
Detroit Tigers players
Huntsville Stars players
Iowa Cubs players
Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Japanese expatriate baseball players in the United States
Kansas City Royals players
Kintetsu Buffaloes players
Las Vegas 51s players
Leones del Caracas players
Japanese expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Living people
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Japan
Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award winners
Milwaukee Brewers players
National League All-Stars
National League strikeout champions
New York Mets players
Nippon Professional Baseball MVP Award winners
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Nippon Professional Baseball Rookie of the Year Award winners
Olympic baseball players of Japan
Olympic silver medalists for Japan
Baseball people from Osaka
Tampa Bay Devil Rays players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in baseball
Tan-Che-Qua ( alternatively Tan Chitqua or Tan Chetqua ) ( c. 1728 – 1796 ) was a Chinese artist who visited England from 1769 to 1772 . He exhibited his work at the Royal Academy in 1770 , and his clay models became fashionable in London for a short period . He returned to China in 1772 . After the merchant Loum Kiqua in 1756-7 , and the Christian convert Michael Shen Fuzong in 1687 , Tan-Che-Qua is one of the earliest Chinese people known to have visited England .
Career
Tan-Che-Qua was probably born in Guangdong in China , around 1728 . He became an artist and clay modeller in Canton , making clay portrait figures .
In his middle years , Tan-Che-Qua arrived in London from Canton on 11 August 1769 on the East Indiaman Horsendon . The Chinese authorities had given him permission to travel to Batavia ( now Jakarta ) , but he went to England instead . He lived in lodgings on the Strand , where he worked as a clay modeler , creating busts for 10 guineas and small statuettes for 15 guineas . One of the few known surviving examples of his work is a figurine of physician Anthony Askew , held by the Royal College of Physicians . The Museum of London has another attributed to Tan-Che-Qua of the London merchant Thomas Todd ; the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam has one of Dutch merchant Andreas Everardus van Braam Houckgeest ; and one of David Garrick is in a private collection , which is confirmed not out of his hand but another Chinese modeler working in Canton in the 1730s .
He attended an audience with George III and Queen Charlotte . He also attended meetings at the Royal Academy of Arts and exhibited work there in 1770 . He was included in a group portrait of the Royal Academicians by Johann Zoffany . A portrait of Tan-Che-Qua , thought to be the one exhibited by John Hamilton Mortimer at the annual exhibition of the Incorporated Society of Artists in 1771 , is held by the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons in London . The portrait was misidentified as Wang-y-tong , another Chinese visitor to London in the 1770s , who attended meetings of the Royal Society . He was also sketched by Charles Grignion the Younger .
He boarded the East Indiaman Grenville in March 1771 intending to return to China . After a series of accidents the crew took against him , he disembarked at Deal , Kent . He returned to China in 1772 . The Gentleman 's Magazine reported that he committed suicide in Canton in the mid-1790s . According to the RKD he died in Guangzhou in 1796 .
Legacy
Sir William Chambers used his name – Tan Chet-qua – for the narrator of his Explanatory Discourse by Tan Chet-qua , of Quang-Chew-fu , Gent. , an appendix to the second edition ( 1773 ) of his book on Chinese gardening , Dissertation on Oriental Gardening ( 1772 ) , a fanciful elaboration of contemporary English ideas about the naturalistic style of gardening in China .
References
1720s births
1796 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Chinese sculptors
Qing dynasty people
Eymür is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 21 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Two ships of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) have been named HMAS Flinders , after Matthew Flinders .
, a hydrographic survey ship in service from 1973 to 1998 .
, a that is expected to enter service in the late 2020s .
See also
was known as the Flinders Naval Depot until 1921
Royal Australian Navy ship names
Dudley bus station is a bus station in Dudley , England . It is managed by Transport for West Midlands . Local bus and national coach services operated by various companies serve the bus station which has 19 departure stands .
The arrival stand is A and also on surrounding streets and the departures stands are lettered B - U ( excluding I and O ) . U is allocated to long distance coach services , which are mainly pre-booked .
The original bus station was constructed along Birmingham Street on a steep hill overlooking Dudley Castle in about 1950 . It was complemented by an additional line of shelters along neighbouring Fisher Street . However , a series on incidents of buses rolling back injuring passengers led to widespread local criticism of its design . This resulted in the West Midlands Passenger Transport Executive rebuilding the bus station on a completely level site along Fisher Street . Construction of the new bus station began during 1985 and it was opened in 1986 .
The original lay-over facilities on adjacent Portersfield still remain to this day , on part of what is now a public car park . As at September 2022 , the 19 stands were served by 22 routes .
The bus station is due to be redeveloped to create an interchange with the under construction West Midlands Metro line to Brierley Hill . Planning permission was granted in September 2022 .
References
Buildings and structures in Dudley
Bus stations in the West Midlands ( county )
Transport in Dudley
Transport infrastructure completed in 1986
1986 establishments in England
The Prendergast Baronetcy , of Gort in the County of Galway , was a title in the Baronetage of Ireland . It was created on 15 July 1699 for the Irish soldier and politician Thomas Prendergast . He was killed at the Battle of Malplaquet in 1709 and was succeeded by his son , the second Baronet . He was a member of both the Irish and British Parliaments . He was to be created Viscount Clonmel but died childless in September 1760 before the patent was completed . On his death , the baronetcy became extinct . However , the Prendergast estates passed to the late Baronet 's nephew , John Smyth , the second son of his sister Elizabeth and her husband Charles Smyth . He assumed the surname of Prendergast and was created Viscount Gort in 1816 .
Prendergast baronets , of Gort ( 1699 )
Sir Thomas Prendergast , 1st Baronet ( died 1709 )
Sir Thomas Prendergast , 2nd Baronet ( died 1760 )
See also
Viscount Gort
References
Prendergast
Stepney family
SLAS Discovery ( Advancing the Science of Drug Discovery ) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening ( SLAS ) in partnership with SAGE Publications . The editor-in-chief is Robert M. Campbell , Ph.D. ( Eli Lilly and Company ) . The journal explores how scientists develop and utilize novel technologies and/or approaches to provide and characterize chemical and biological tools to understand and treat human disease . This includes scientific and technical advances in target identification/validation ; biomarker discovery ; assay development ; virtual , medium- or high-throughput screening ; lead generation/optimization ; chemical biology ; and informatics . The journal was published from 1996 through 2016 with the title Journal of Biomolecular Screening . Its name changed in 2017 to more accurately reflect the evolution of its editorial scope . [ 1 ]
Abstracting and indexing
SLAS Discovery is abstracted and indexed in :
Elsevier BIOBASE
Biomolecular Interaction Network Database
Biotechnology Citation Index
Chemical Abstracts
Current Contents/Life Sciences
EMBASE
EMBiology
Index Medicus
MEDLINE
Science Citation Index Expanded
Scopus
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal 's 2016 impact factor is 2.444 , ranking it 31 out of 76 journals in the `` Chemistry , Analytical '' category , [ 2 ] 67 out of 158 journals in the “ Biotechnology & Applied Microbiology ” category ; [ 3 ] and 39 out of 77 journals in the “ Biochemical Research Methods '' category . [ 4 ]
References
1 . Eglen , Richard ( July 19 , 2016 ) . `` Coming in the New Year : SLAS Discovery and SLAS Technology '' . Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening .
2 . “ Journals Ranked by Impact : Medical Laboratory Technology. ” 2017 Journal Citation Reports . Web of Science ( Sciences ed. ) . Clarivate Analytics . 2017 .
3 . “ Journals Ranked by Impact : Chemistry , Analytical. ” 2017 Journal Citation Reports . Web of Science ( Sciences ed. ) . Clarivate Analytics . 2017 .
4 . “ Journals Ranked by Impact : Biochemical Research Methods. ” 2017 Journal Citation Reports . Web of Science ( Sciences ed. ) . Clarivate Analytics . 2017 .
External links
Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening
Elsevier academic journals
English-language journals
Biochemistry journals
Publications established in 1996
Dolina Sunca was a Croatian soap opera that aired on Croatian Radiotelevision from 2009 to 2010 .
Plot
Eva Kralj , a beautiful widow , wishing to start a new life , moves from Zagreb to the lively place of Jablanovo . Upon arrival in Jablanovo , Eva discovers a shocking secret : her late husband led a double life and lived with Julija Vitezović , his mistress with whom he had a child . Julija , the popular mayor of Jablanovo , has a wealthy family and a large agricultural estate .
The two women pass through a challenging time of hostility , dating , and approaching . Eva 's arrival in Jablanovo turns the settlement upside down . Two men slowly enter Eva 's life , the withdrawn and charming Andrija and Christian , but she is still hurt emotionally . Andrija and Kristijan fall for Eva , but they both have their problems : Andrija carries a burden of guilt for a serious accident that took place in Jablanovo , while Kristijan had faced betrayal and the struggle for supremacy in the family business .
Cast
Bojana Gregoric as Julija Vitezovic ( 2009–2010 )
Ana Vilenica as Eva Kralj ( 2009–2010 )
Robert Kurbaša as Andrija Bukovac ( 2009–2010 )
Ivan Herceg as Kristijan Vitezovic ( 2009–2010 )
Tamara Šoletić as Loreta ( 2009–2010 )
Marija Omaljev-Grbić as Natasa Sever Vitezovic ( 2009–2010 )
Petar Ciritovic as Juran Vitezovic ( 2009–10 )
Slavko Sobin as Matej Zlatarić ( 2010 )
Visnja Babic as Ruza Bukovac ( 2009–10 )
Krunoslav Saric as Ivan ( 2009–10 )
Csilla Barath-Bastaic as Lada ( 2009–10 )
Vlasta Ramljak as Adela ( 2009–10 )
Zijad Gracic as Nikola ( 2009–10 )
Otokar Levaj as Dr. Otto ( 2009 )
Niksa Marinovic as Fra Jakov ( 2009–10 )
Sandra Loncaric as Visnja Horvat ( 2009–10 )
Alan Katic as Kruno ( 2009–10 )
Nives Canovic as Tina ( 2009–10 )
Ozren Domiter as Karlo ( 2009–10 )
Ranko Zidaric as Gordan Tomek ( 2010 )
Mirna Medakovic as Sonja ( 2009–10 )
Marija Tadic as Irena ( 2009–10 )
Nadezda Perisic-Nola as Renata ( 2010 )
Barbara Prpic as Stela ( 2009–10
Miraj Grbić as Lawyer ( 2009 )
References
Croatian television soap operas
2009 Croatian television series debuts
2010 Croatian television series endings
2000s Croatian television series
2010s Croatian television series
Spyros Balomenos ( born 28 February 1979 ) is a Greek handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1979 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Athens
IK Sävehof players
Miss Venezuela 2009 was the 56th Miss Venezuela pageant , was held at the Poliedro de Caracas in Caracas , Venezuela , on September 24 , 2009 . Stefanía Fernández , Miss Venezuela 2008 and Miss Universe 2009 , crowned Miss Miranda , Marelisa Gibson , as her successor at the end of the event .
The Miss World Venezuela title went to Miss Zulia , Adriana Vasini while Elizabeth Mosquera , Miss Trujillo , obtained the title of Miss Venezuela International . The 1st Runner-Up Mariángela Bonanni was appointed as Miss Venezuela Earth .
It was on that year that the present MV anthem was sung for the first time , with a new melody replacing the iconic tune used for 34 years , with a slight change in lyrics .
Results
Color key
Special awards
Final competition night
Miss Fotogénica ( Miss Photogenic ) ( voted by press reporters ) - María de Luz Da Silva ( Mérida )
Miss Amistad ( Miss Congeniality ) ( voted by Miss Venezuela contestants ) - Patricia Zavala ( Vargas )
Miss Internet ( MissVenezuela.Com ) - Adriana Vasini ( Zulia )
Mejor Vestido de Gala ( Best Evening Gown ) – Marelisa Gibson ( Miranda )
Beauty Gala ( Gala de la Belleza )
Best Body – Patricia de Andrade ( Distrito Capital )
Most Beautiful Hair - Esmeralda Yaniche ( Barinas )
Best Catwalk – Mariángela Bonanni ( Táchira )
Miss Personality – María de Luz Da Silva ( Mérida )
Miss Diva Parmalat – Adriana Vasini ( Zulia )
Best Skin – Flory Díez ( Anzoátegui )
Best Face – Marelisa Gibson ( Miranda )
Delegates
Contestant notes
Marelisa Gibson failed to place in the semifinals at Miss Universe 2010 in Las Vegas , Nevada , USA . This was the first time since 2006 that Venezuela failed to make the semifinals at Miss Universe and the third time in 7 years .
Adriana Vasini finished as 2nd Runner-Up at Miss World 2010 in Sanya , China . She won Reina Hispanoamericana 2009 pageant , held in Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
Elizabeth Mosquera won Miss International 2010 in Chengdu , China . She was the 3rd Runner-Up in Reinado Internacional del Café 2010 , held in Manizales , Colombia .
Mariangela Bonanni was later appointed as Miss Earth Venezuela and finished in the Top 7 at Miss Earth 2010 in Nha Trang , Vietnam .
Jéssica Guillén won Miss Atlántico Internacional 2010 , held in Punta del Este , Uruguay .
Flory Díez placed in the semifinals at Miss Intercontinental 2010 in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic .
María de Luz Da Silva placed in the semifinals at Miss Friendship International 2009 in Wuhan , China .
Esmeralda Yaniche finished as the 2nd Runner-Up in Miss Italia Nel Mondo 2010 , held in Jesolo , Italy . She was also the 3rd Runner-Up in Reinado Mundial del Banano 2010 , held in Machala , Ecuador .
Andreína Castro held the title of Teen Model Venezuela 2007 .
Daniela Morales entered Teen Model Venezuela 2004 , where she placed sixth .
References
External links
Miss Venezuela official website
2009 in Venezuela
2009 beauty pageants
Ring finger protein 157 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RNF157 gene .
References
Further reading
Saint Charalambos Church ( ) is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 4 Octav Botez Street in Iași , Romania . It is dedicated to Saint Charalambos .
According to a legend , repeated by Mihail Sadoveanu in Hanu Ancuței , there were two brothers from Epirus , Gheorghe and Haralambie Leondarie , who served as head messengers ( ceauși ) for Prince Constantine Ypsilantis at the end of the 18th century . After Haralambie became a hajduk , Ypsilantis ordered Gheorghe to capture the outlaw dead or alive , on pain of execution . The latter went on pursuit with fifty troops . While attempting to capture his brother near Văratec Monastery , Gheorghe accidentally killed him . He gave Haralambie 's head to the prince , quit the service and , in order to obtain forgiveness , built the church on a plot of land granted by Ypsilantis . Begun in 1799 , it was consecrated in 1804 . The structure had three spires ; the interior painting was done around 1900 . The bell tower preserves one bell donated by the ktitor in 1804 and others from the parishioners . In the early 19th century , the church belonged to the guild of mercenaries in the prince 's guard and to firearms makers . For a time , the church served Old Believers driven out of Russia .
There was a graveyard outside the church ; part of the remains were disinterred after Eternitatea cemetery was established in 1871 , an exception being Gheorghe Leondari , who was buried there after his death in 1835 . A hundred years later , his remains were placed in the church , on the right side of the nave . Also in 1935 , the church was blessed a second time by Metropolitan Nicodim Munteanu . An athenaeum associated with the church was built in the yard in 1934 . This hosted cultural figures , among the most popular speakers being philosopher Ion Petrovici . It was destroyed during World War II . After the 1977 Vrancea earthquake , the damaged spires were rebuilt in 1997-1998 and the interior repainted in 1987-1989 . During the same period , the Miclăușeni Monastery donated part of Saint Charalambos ' relics to the parish . Following the Romanian Revolution , a bakery and food pantry were established at the church .
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania 's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs .
Notes
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Historic monuments in Iași County
Churches completed in 1804
Richard Amorim Falcão ( born 29 June 1987 ) , sometimes known as Rei is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Noroeste .
Career
Early career
Born in Feira de Santana he played with Botafogo , America RJ , Paraíba do Sul and Colatinense .
Thailand
In 2009 , he moved to Thailand and played with top-league side Buriram United , at time known as Provincial Electricity Authority FC which had just been Thai Premier League champions the season earlier , 2008 .
Back in Brazil
After returning from Thailand , on January 3 , 2010 , he signed with Guarani ( Campeonato Paulista A2 ) , Then he joined Ponte Preta and played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie B but he disappointed after missing a goal in an important match against Nautico and ended up leaving in March 2011 . He then played with Veranópolis in the Campeonato Gaucho . On January 3 , 2012 , he signed with Itabuna and played in the Campeonato Baiano . Later he played with América PE ( Campeonato Pernambucano ) , Rio Claro ( Campeonato Paulista A2 ) , Villa Nova , Esportiva Patrocinense and Ipatinga ( Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C ) , In July 2013 he signed with Comercial after a brief spell with Betim Amadense , Galícia ( Campeonato Baiano ) and Jacobina were his last clubs before his move to Europe .
Serbia
In the winter break of the 2014–15 Serbian SuperLiga season , he joined FK Novi Pazar .
He left Serbia at the end of the first half of the season , and during winter-break he returned to Brazil . He joined Jacuipense but stayed only during the month of January , afterwards moving to Juazeirense . Next he played with Atlético Itapemirim , Vitória das Tabocas and Real Noroeste .
Honours
Campinas
Campeonato Brasileiro Serie B : 2008
References
External links
richardfalcao9.blogspot.pt
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
America Football Club ( RJ ) players
Clube Atlético Colatinense players
Richard Falcao
Guarani FC players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural players
América Futebol Clube ( PE ) players
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
Villa Nova Atlético Clube players
Ipatinga Futebol Clube players
Comercial Futebol Clube ( Ribeirão Preto ) players
Galícia Esporte Clube players
FK Novi Pazar players
Richard Falcao
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Serbian SuperLiga players
Brazilian expatriates in Thailand
Brazilian expatriates in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Shottas is a 2002 Jamaican crime film about two young men who participate in organized crime in Kingston and Miami . It stars Ky-Mani Marley , Spragga Benz , Paul Campbell and Louie Rankin and was written and directed by Cess Silvera . Despite its low budget , the distribution of an unfinished bootleg made it a cult favourite long before its official limited release in the United States by Triumph Films and Destination Films in 2006 .
Plot
The film tells the story of two young men , Biggs ( Errol ) ( Ky-Mani Marley ) and Wayne ( Spragga Benz ) , who grow up together in the tough and dangerous streets of ( Waterhouse ) Kingston . They rob a soda truck and shoot the truck driver while they are still children .
The robbery money is used to purchase visas to go the United States , where they continue their criminal activities , hustling on the streets of Miami . Twenty years later , Biggs is then deported to Jamaica where Wayne and Mad Max ( Paul Campbell ) , also deported , have continued their surge in crime , they begin to extort money from business people . After facing problems with the police and politicians , the two head back to Miami alongside Mad Max . Upon returning , they are informed that Miami has a new king , Teddy Bruck Shut ( Louie Rankin ) .
The three pay Teddy a visit to extort him . They extort , beat , and murder their way to the top of the Miami underworld . Their dream ends in a brazen shoot out , during which Teddy 's thugs kill Wayne and shoot Max , no telling if he passes or not . Biggs almost gets shot as he comforts Wayne at his deathbed , but Max shoots the assailant before it happens .
After taking Max to the hospital , Biggs goes to Teddy 's house and murders him , his bodyguard and his girlfriend . Biggs then takes all the money and gets on a boat where only the audience can presume he leaves to Los Angeles as he mentioned purchasing a house there earlier before the massive firefight broke out .
Cast
Ky-Mani Marley as Errol `` Biggs '' Williams
Corey Agnant as `` Richie 's Son ''
Judith Bodley as `` Mr. Chin 's Secretary ''
Spragga Benz as `` Wayne ''
Paul Campbell as `` Mad Max ''
Stephen Cheong as `` Mr. Chin ''
Flippa Mafia as `` John John ''
Assassin as `` Blacka ''
Fabienne Dominique as `` Abbey ''
Michael Gordon as `` Soda Truck Driver ''
Carlton Grant Jr. as `` Young Wayne ''
Leighton Hilton as `` Airport Cop # 2 ''
Wyclef Jean as `` Richie Effs ''
DJ Khaled as `` Richie 's henchman ''
Papa Keith as `` Carjack Victim ''
Desmond Kingas `` Big Man ''
Isiah Laing as `` Detective Laing ''
Marilyn Manhoe as `` Marcia ''
Jabba Mitchell as `` Dangles ''
Claudette Pious as `` Auntie Pauline ''
Louie Rankin as `` Teddy Bruck Shut ''
Prince Reed as `` Jitney Driver ''
Dwight Richardson as `` Immigration Inspector ''
Macka Diamond
Patrick Scott as `` Sando ''
J.R. Silvera as `` young Biggs '' .
Jennifer Small as `` Mr. Anderson 's Secretary ''
Jahshi Spence as `` Rasta Neville ''
Prince Thompson as `` Ol ' School ''
Rohan Wade as `` Airport Cop # 1 ''
Munair Zacca as `` Mr. Anderson ''
Nelson Zapata as `` Papi ''
San San as `` Raquel ''
Screechie Bop as `` Gussy ''
Soundtrack
Damian Marley - Welcome to Jamrock
Barry Brown - Far East
Nitty Gritty - Trial and Crosses
Little John - In the Ghetto
Bob Marley - Coming in From the Cold
Bounty Killer - Dead This Time
Hawkeye - Bad Long Time
Spragga Benz & Lady Saw - Backshot
Damian Marley - Catch a Fire
Shaggy and the Big Yard Allstars - Gangster
Tonto Irie - It a Ring
Ky-Mani Marley - Fire
Junior Cat - Would A Let You Go
Pinchers - Bandelero
John Wayne - Call the Police
Nicky Seizure - Quench the Fire
Ky-Mani Marley - I Believe
Ky-Enie - Rain
Inner Circle - Discipline Child ( Live )
Nicky Seizure - Revelation time
Ky-Mani Marley - The March
Kenneth Milligan - Shottas
Pan Head - gunman Tune
Big Yard - Gangsters
See also
List of hood films
References
External links
2000s crime films
2002 films
Films about drugs
Films set in 1978
Films set in 1998
Films set in Jamaica
Jamaican drama films
Gangster films
Films set in Miami
MoviePass Films films
Jamaican films about cannabis
2000s buddy films
2000s American films
The Santa Cova de Montserrat ( in Catalan ; is the hillside cave on Montserrat where the Virgin of Montserrat was traditionally hidden during the Moorish invasions and later discovered by shepherds in 880 . Its discovery made Montserrat into a pilgrimage destination , and led to the founding of the Santa Maria de Montserrat Abbey .
The sanctuary of the Santa Cova is accessed by a path , called the Camí de la Santa Cova , carved along the ridge of the mountain . It was built between 1691 and 1704 , thanks to the patronage of Gertrudis de Camporrell , marquess of Tamarit . Between 1896 and 1916 , a series of sculptures were placed along the camí , dedicated to the rosary and the 15 mysteries of the Virgin , including works by Antoni Gaudí , Josep Puig i Cadafalch and other modernista artists .
Legend
According to legend , on a Saturday evening in 880 , two young shepherds observed a great light descend from heaven and settle halfway up the mountain of Montserrat . The light was accompanied by a beautiful melody . The following week , accompanied by their parents , they saw the same vision again .
The vision continued to repeat in later weeks , even when the boys brought the rector of Olesa de Montserrat . In response , the priest alerted the Bishop of Manresa , and a cave was found which contained the icon of the Virgin Mary . But when a procession tried to move the Virgin down the mountain to Manresa , it became too heavy to carry . This was interpreted as a divine signal that the Virgin should be venerated on Montserrat .
Chapel of the Santa Cova
A chapel was built at the cave between 1696 and 1705 , thanks again to the patronage of Gertrudis de Camporrell . Of note is the chapel 's vertical orientation atop a steep slope , which serves to emphasize its precipitous location .
The chapel is located just beneath the grotto where the original icon was found , and it was built in the form of a Latin cross . At the crossing is a small dome with a lantern to let in light . Since the original icon is located at the larger abbey , the altar has a reproduction of the Virgin .
Adjacent to the chapel proper is a small cloister , as well as another structure , of three bays , which includes an ex-voto , sacristy , a room for visiting pilgrims , and room for the monk who lives at the sanctuary and welcomes visitors .
Over time , the chapel has been attacked or damaged on numerous occasions . During the Peninsular War ( 1811–1812 ) , invading French soldiers severely damaged both the monastery and chapel , though the architect Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano restored the chapel , whose walls were still standing , between 1857–1859 . In 1994 , a forest fire destroyed the roofs of all of the chapel 's dependencies and cloister , provoking a partial collapse that destroyed much of the interior flooring and furniture . The situation was worsened the following autumn , when heavy rains caused a mudslide and further damaged the chapel and access trail . While repairs were undertaken that winter , a heavy downpour in the autumn of 1995 caused the lantern to collapse into the dome , both of which fell into the chapel . A full restoration was finally finished in march of 1997 , when the chapel was reopened to pilgrims .
References
Bibliography
AA.VV . : Art de Catalunya , Edicions L'isard , Barcelona , 1998 , .
AA.VV . : Història de l'art català , Edicions 62 , Barcelona , 2005 , .
Joan Bassegoda Nonell : Los jardines de Gaudí , Edicions UPC , Barcelona , 2001 ,
Caves of Spain
Province of Barcelona
Shrines to the Virgin Mary
Landforms of Catalonia
Roman Catholic shrines in Spain
The 474th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit . Its first predecessor is the 474th Bombardment Squadron , which served as a medium bomber training unit from 1942 to 1944 , when it was disbanded in a reorganization of Army Air Forces training units .
The squadron 's second predecessor is the 474th Tactical Fighter Squadron , which flew North American F-86 Sabre and North American F-100 Super Sabre fighters from October 1957 until March 1959 , when it was inactivated and transferred its personnel and equipment to another unit . The two squadrons were consolidated in September 1985 .
History
World War II training operations
The 474th Bombardment Squadron was activated on 17 July 1942 at Barksdale Field , Louisiana as one of the original components of the 335th Bombardment Group , and was equipped with Martin B-26 Marauders . It became part of Third Air Force , which was responsible for the majority of medium bomber training for the Army Air Forces ( AAF ) . The squadron drew its cadre from elements of the 17th Bombardment Group , which was in the process of converting to the B-26 from the North American B-25 Mitchell .
The 474th acted as a Replacement Training Unit ( RTU ) for the B-26 . The RTU was an oversized unit which trained individual pilots and aircrews , after which they would be assigned to operational units . However , the AAF found that standard military units , whose manning was based on relatively inflexible tables of organization were not well adapted to the training mission . Accordingly , it adopted a more functional system in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit , manned according to the base 's specific needs . As this reorganization was implemented in the Spring of 1944 , he 335th Group , its components and supporting units at Barksdale , were disbanded on 1 May and replaced by the 331st AAF Base Unit ( Medium , Bombardment ) . The squadron became Section O of the new base unit .
Fighter operations
The 474th Fighter-Day Squadron was activated at George Air Force Base , California as the fourth North American F-86H Sabre squadron of the 413th Fighter-Day Wing in October 1957 . Its primary mission was training for other squadrons in the wing . It upgraded to North American F-100 Super Sabres in 1958 and became an operational squadron . It was inactivated and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 309th Tactical Fighter Squadron , which moved to George from Turner Air Force Base , Georgia on 15 March 1959 .
The squadrons were consolidated in inactive status as the 474th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron on 19 September 1985 .
Lineage
474th Bombardment Squadron
Constituted as the 474th Bombardment Squadron ( Medium ) on 9 July 1942
Activated on 17 July 1942
Disbanded on 1 May 1944
Reconstituted on 19 September 1985 and consolidated with the 474th Tactical Fighter Squadron as the 474th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron
474th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron
Constituted as the 474th Fighter-Day Squadron on 26 September 1957
Activated on 8 October 1957
Redesignated 474th Tactical Fighter Squadron on 1 July 1958
Inactivated on 15 March 1959
Consolidated with the 474th Bombardment Squadron as the 474th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron on 19 September 1985
Assignments
335th Bombardment Group , 17 July 1942 – 1 May 1944
413th Fighter-Day Wing ( later 413th Tactical Fighter Wing ) , 8 October 1957 – 15 March 1959 ( atached to 65th Air Division 11 November 1958 – 14 March 1959 )
Stations
Barksdale Field , Louisiana , 17 July 1942 – 1 May 1944
George Air Force Base , California , 8 October 1957 – 15 March 1959 ( operated from Torrejon AB , Spain , 15 November 1958 – 14 March 1959 )
Aircraft
Martin B-26 Marauder ] ] , 1942-1944
North American F-86H Sabre , 1957-1958
North American F-100 Super Sabre ] ] , 1958-1959
Campaigns
References
Notes
Bibliography
Fighter squadrons of the United States Air Force
Vedshanker is an Indian music composer . A former student of A. R. Rahman 's school . he made his debut in the Tamil film Paalai ( 2010 ) and then made a breakthrough with his work in Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom ( 2012 ) .
Career
Ved Shankar was a student of A. R. Rahman 's KM Music Conservatory , and was one of 15 students selected for training in western classical music at North Eastern University , Boston , funded by the U.S. Department of State . He then trained as a sound designer and was nominated for the META award for Most Innovative Sound Design 2012 , be completing his MBA at IIPM , Chennai . His first album was for the period film , Paalai ( 2011 ) , and then worked on the album for Madhubana Kadai ( 2012 ) . Ved Shankar made his breakthrough with his work in Balaji Tharaneetharan 's Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom , which on critical acclaim and performed well at the box office . Moreover , his work in the promotional song `` Crazy Penne '' featuring Andrea Jeremiah also won critical acclaim , and he was featured in a list of top music directors in a year end ranking by Behindwoods.com in 2012 .
Discography
Released soundtracks
The films are listed in the order that the music released , regardless of the date the film released .
The year next to the title of the affected films indicates the release year of the either dubbed or remade version in the named language later than the original version .
• indicates original language release . Indicates simultaneous makes , if featuring in more languages
♦ indicates a remade version , the remaining ones being dubbed versions
Films
Independent songs
Webseries
Upcoming projects
References
Living people
Tamil musicians
Tamil film score composers
Indian Institute of Planning and Management alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
One Morning Near Troodos ( 1956 ) was a British TV play by Iain MacCormick which aired on the BBC as part of Sunday Night Theatre . It was the first British TV play about the Cyprus Emergency .
Plot
A journalist in Cyprus is captured by EOKA guerillas . British troops track down the guerrillas and the journalist leads them into a rebel ambush . A woman is attracted to a British soldier .
1959 Australian Version
Iain MacCormick was Australian and a number of his plays , originally written for British TV , were adapted for Australian television . The play was performed live on Australian TV in 1959 .
It was the ABC 's 22nd live drama made in Melbourne .
Premise
In Cyprus there has been terrorist activity near Mt Troodos , leading to a large scale operation of British troops and police . Two British journalists arrive in the area : James Stark , is an unscrupulous and influential former MP , and Walters , his hard-drinking offsider . Walters does the work while Start takes the credit . They are not allowed into the fighting zone so make their headquarters in a nearby village . Start decides to deal with the terrorists himself , thereby bringing bloodshed to the village .
Cast
Edward Brayshaw
Syd Conabere
Carol Armstrong as Lena , the Greek girl attracted to a British soldier
Lloyd Cunnington
Frank Gatliff
Judith Godden
Ken Goodlet
Edward Howell
Robert Peach
Jennifer Clare
Production
The play had been performed on Melbourne radio in 1957 and repeated in 1959 .
It was rehearsed and filmed at ABC 's studios at Rippon Lea . There was some location filming on Melbourne streets . It had a cast of fifteen .
A segment of the script was published in The Age as an example of TV scripts . The article said that Australian writers were typically paid between £60-£80 a script .
Alexandra Atanassious was the Greek text adviser .
See also
List of live television plays broadcast on Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( 1950s )
References
External links
1956 British TV play at IMDb
1959 Australian TV play at IMDb
One Morning Near Troodos at AustLit
Films set in Cyprus
1956 television plays
British television plays
Cyprus Emergency
Films directed by William Sterling ( director )
The QT Wellington Hotel ( previously the Museum Art Hotel , Museum Hotel de Wheels , and originally called the Michael Fowler Hotel ) is located in Wellington , New Zealand . It is one of the largest buildings to have been moved from one site to another .
The building was designed by architect Geoff Richards and completed in 1987 . Originally known as the Michael Fowler Hotel , it had 38 guest rooms and two penthouse suites . Sir Michael Fowler lived in a residential apartment on the top floor . The Government bought the building in 1990 as it wanted the land for the proposed Museum of New Zealand . Entrepreneur Chris Parkin took over management of the hotel in October 1990 and bought the building from the Government in 1992 . By that time it was known as the Museum Hotel . After the building was relocated , its name changed to the Museum Hotel de Wheels , then the Museum Art Hotel . In 2015 Parkin sold the hotel to Amalgamated Holdings , and in 2017 the hotel 's name was changed to QT Wellington . Parkin 's collection of around 200 artworks is housed in and leased to the hotel . The hotel expanded into a neighbouring property in 2004 , adding 94 hotel rooms and 127 apartments , and as of 2020 had 180 rooms , including 25 art-inspired Gallery Rooms and 99 self-contained apartments .
Relocation of the building
Weighing an estimated 3500 tonnes , this reinforced concrete building was moved from its original site , now the location of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa to a site some 180 metres down and across a major road .
The relocation started in May 1993 and was completed just over five months later . The hotel 's weight was transferred from 17 columns to a giant steel grid , bolted on to railway bogies to allow the move , then hydraulic jacks were pushed up between the grid and the bottom of the hotel , and the columns were cut to transfer the weight . The hotel was wheeled on 8 sets of parallel rails 80 metres along Cable Street on 14-15 August 1993 . The wheels were then turned 90 degrees , and the building pushed 40 metres across the road on 21 August on another set of rails to a point where it was joined to new foundations , and recommenced operation as a hotel .
During this process , the only items removed from the hotel were the bed linens . Everything else remained in situ , even the bottles in the bar . Nothing was damaged in the move and there were no signs of any stress ( cracks in plaster , doors jamming , etc . ) whatsoever .
Motive power for the move was eight hydraulic rams . Collectively these were capable of providing a push of 160 tonnes . In the event only 8 tonnes of push were required to get the building rolling . Each of the two moves was accomplished in one day , at a maximum speed of 12 metres per hour . Between the first move and the second , a period was required to turn the 96 railway bogies used through 90 degrees . Each bogie had 4 wheels , so the point loading through each wheel was less than 10 tonnes .
At the time of moving the building was only five years old . Although comparatively new , the hotel was to have been demolished to make way for the much larger structure of the National Museum . Chris Parkin , the entrepreneur who undertook the project , was awarded the title of 'Wellingtonian of the Year ' in 1993 .
References
Hotels in Wellington City
8th Street is a streetcar station , located across the intersection of H Street NE and 8th Street NE . It is on the H Street/Benning Road Line of the DC Streetcar system .
History
8th Street station opened to the public as one of the original stations on February 27 , 2016 .
Station layout
The station consists of two side platforms on either side of H Street .
References
H Street/Benning Road Line
Streetcars in Washington , D.C .
DC Streetcar stops
Electric railways in Washington , D.C .
Street railways in Washington , D.C .
750 V DC railway electrification
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
2016 establishments in Washington , D.C .
The Étang de Sale is a coastal wetland beside the Tyrrhenian Sea on the east coast of the Haute-Corse department of the French island of Corsica .
Location
The Étang de Sale is in the commune of Aléria .
It lies between the T10 coastal highway and the sea , to the south of the village of Aléria and the Étang de Diane .
At the north the wetland delimited by the Tavignano river .
The wetland is long and covers an area of .
The lagoon covers about .
To the south is the agricultural estate of the Casabianda Detention Center .
The Étang d'Urbino is to the southeast .
History
Before about 4050 BCE the Étang de Sale site held a forest of pine , alder and deciduous oak , with some lime and birch .
After this period there was a growing population of holm oak ( Quercus ilex ) and increasing numbers of forest species .
This continued until perhaps 1300 CE , when there was a large-scale clearance , after which herb species such as Cyperaceae , Poaceae , Chenopodiaceae , Cistus , Asteroideae and Cichoriaceae became dominant .
The lagoon has been extensively modified since the start of the Genoese period until the 19th and 20th centuries .
In the 17th century Genoese engineers tried ( and failed ) to drain the marsh for use in cereal production , and to reduce health problems .
It was once very saline , as the name `` Del Sale '' implies .
19th-century hydraulic works ( Mulinu Rossu ) provided a supply of fresh water , which allowed a huge reed bed to grow . The result is an unusual combination of freshwater vegetation and vegetation of salty coastal soils .
Some large eucalyptus trees near the beach remain from plantations at the end of the 19th century .
They were thought to clean the air of malaria , which was then decimating the population of the Casabianda penal colony .
From 1951 the site was classified as a hunting reserve .
In 1999 the Conservatoire du Littoral et des Rivages Lacustres acquired the property .
Ecology
The Étang de Sale is a Natura 2000 site .
The wetland has been protected since 1999 .
It consists of a reed bed bordered by bullrushes to the southwest , and a marshy area with salt tolerant vegetation to the north .
There are scattered tamarix trees around the wetland .
A sandy lido ( landspit ) separates the wetland from the sea .
It was once wooded with maritime pines ( Pinus pinaster ) , and today has formations of Helianthemum .
The Köppen climate classification is Csa : Hot-summer Mediterranean climate .
The lagoon has rich biodiversity .
Habitats include deep wetland ( reed beds ) , intermediate wetland ( rushes and papyrus ) , shallow wetland ( salt marsh ) , dune environments ( varied dune vegetation and tamarix ) , afforestation and maquis shrubland ( ash trees and eucalyptus , olive trees , plum trees ) .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lagoons of Haute-Corse
Moussoro ( ) is a town in Chad , lying northeast of N'Djamena on the road to Faya-Largeau . An important transportation centre , it lies in a dry river bed and as a result has more vegetation than is typical in the area .
Moussoro is the capital of the region of Barh El Gazel ( Bahr el Gazel ) . The town is served by Moussoro Airport .
Moussoro is inhabited by Gouran ( Krreda ) ( Karra ) ethnic group of northern Chad . It serves as their commercial and administrative town . Moussoro market day is Thursday . They have mostly known by their agricultural activity .
Moussoro have the second president 's residence in Chad after the main Residence in N'djamena ( see image below ) . The town is also the main area for army training in Chad .
Gallery
References
Bahr el Gazel Region
Populated places in Chad
David E. Umhoefer ( born 1961 ) is a faculty member at Marquette University where he directs the O'Brien Fellowship for Public Service Journalism . Prior , he was a reporter for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . He won the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting for a six-month investigation of Milwaukee County 's pension system , citing `` his stories on the skirting of tax laws to pad pensions of county employees , prompting change and possible prosecution of key figures . '' The investigation exposed a corrupt , illegal scheme in which more than 350 Milwaukee County employees had increased their pensions by a collective total of over $ 50 million . For example , `` One employee qualified for a 25 % pension increase because she worked a half-day at a county park in 1978 . ''
Umhoefer is from La Crosse , Wisconsin and he graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Journalism & Mass Communication in 1983 . He previously contributed to PolitiFact , rating the accuracy of statements by candidates for public office , elected officials , and political parties .
See also
References
1961 births
Living people
Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting winners
Journalists from Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Journalism & Mass Communication alumni
Writers from La Crosse , Wisconsin
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
Meeden-Muntendam ( ; abbreviation : Mmd ) is a former railway station between Meeden and Muntendam in the Netherlands .
History
The former station lies on the Stadskanaal–Zuidbroek railway between Zuidbroek and Veendam .
The station was originally open between 1 August 1910 and 1 May 1941 .
Bus service
Bus services 213 and 613 stops here .
References
Defunct railway stations in Groningen ( province )
Railway stations on the Stadskanaal–Zuidbroek railway
Transport in Midden-Groningen
Summary process may refer to :
Summary offence , a summary way to proceed in criminal cases ;
Eviction , a summary way to evict a tenant in landlord-tenant disputes
Virginia Myrtle Ellis `` Aunt Jennie '' Wilson ( February 9 , 1900-March 2 , 1992 ) was a traditional clawhammer banjo player from Logan County , West Virginia .
Life and music
Aunt Jennie Wilson was born on near Henlawson , West Virginia . She was the youngest of eleven children of Hugh Bryant “ Doc ” Ellis and Cinderella Lockhard Ellis , who owned a farm overlooking present-day Chief Logan State Park . She began playing the banjo at age nine , learning from her brother 's boyfriend Delpha Maynard . She also began signing , learning Child ballads and other traditional songs . She played at square dances and other events , sometimes playing with musicians like Frank Hutchison and Dick Justice who would later become famous . Decades later , she described her first square dance : `` I have never seen such fightin ' in all the days of my life ... Knives a-flashing everywhere and people - men and women - fightin ' ''
In 1918 , she married James Dewey Wilson , a coal miner . She gave up the banjo for a life of hard domestic labor in coal mining camps which were at the center of the West Virginia coal wars of the 1910s and 20s . In 1939 , J. D. Wilson was paralyzed by a slate fall and lingered in a hospital , with financial support from the United Mine Workers , for three months before he died .
In the 1950s , there was an increase in interest about traditional Appalachian music . After not performing for over three decades , she played for a class held by Dr. Patrick Gainer of West Virginia University . From there , she became a fixture of folk festivals and her music was recorded by Fred Coon in the 1960s , Billy Edd Wheeler in 1965 , and Ray Alden and Dave Spialkia in 1972 . From these recordings came the albums Aunt Jenny Wilson : Recordings from the Collection of Fred Coon and Billy Edd Wheeler presents A Portrait of Aunt Jennie Wilson . She also appeared on the television show Real People .
Aunt Jennie Wilson died at Logan General Hospital in Logan , West Virginia on March 2 , 1992 .
Awards and honors
She received the Vandalia Award , a lifetime achievement award for contributions to West Virginia culture , in 1984 . The annual Aunt Jennie Music Festival at Chief Logan State Park is named for her .
References
Created via preloaddraft
1900 births
1992 deaths
American banjoists
People from Logan County , West Virginia
Musicians from West Virginia
The Wilmington Terminal Railroad is a shortline railroad serving the Port of Wilmington ( North Carolina ) . It began operations in 1986 over trackage owned by the North Carolina Ports Railway Commission , whose other lines ( at Morehead City ) were simultaneously leased to the Carolina Rail Services Company . The company is owned by Rail Link , Inc. , a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming Inc. , which acquired it from the Rail Management Corporation in 2005 .
The Ports Railway Commission acquired the lines in 1980 , and expanded its property , leased to WTRY , through a purchase of spurs from CSX Transportation in 1993 . In 2002 , the lines were transferred to the North Carolina State Ports Authority , in accordance with a recently passed state law .
See also
Genesee & Wyoming Inc .
References
North Carolina railroads
Genesee & Wyoming
Railway companies established in 1986
1986 establishments in North Carolina
Taylor is an extinct town in King County , in the U.S. state of Washington .
History
Taylor was laid out in 1893 as a company town by the Denny Clay Company after a railway was built in the area in 1892 . The Denny Clay Company and its successors both mined clay and produced clay products in Taylor , which were then transported via rail . Coal was also mined in Taylor , which in turn could be used in the furnaces used to dry the clay . Besides the mine , factory and housing , the town was also home to a hotel , saloon and a post office called Taylor was established in 1904 which remained in operation until 1944 .
While one of the major clay items produced at Taylor was sewer pipes , it did not have a sophisticated sewage treatment system itself and the city of Seattle was concerned the waste water from town would pollute the city 's water supply . This led to the city eventually condemning the town in 1947 .
Present day
What remains of Taylor is now located within the Cedar River Watershed and is strictly off-limits . Seattle Public Utilities can reach the site via a gated service road . Little remains of the town , mine and factories beyond some of their foundations and a few brick and concrete walls . The railroad tracks once leading to the town have been removed with no obvious visible remains . Some stacks of various clay products that had remained unsold when the site was finally closed remain . Further , as of September 2018 , a Monkey Puzzle Tree , once planted decoratively and not native to the area , still grows in what is now once again a dense forest .
References
Ghost towns in King County , Washington
Orlando de Jesús McFarlane Quesada ( 28 June 1938 – 18 July 2007 ) was a Cuban professional baseball player . He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates , Detroit Tigers and California Angels in parts of five seasons spanning 1962–1968 . Listed at 6 ' 0 '' ,180 lb . , he batted and threw right handed .
Early years
He was born and raised in Victoria de Las Tunas .
Career
McFarlane signed a free agent contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1958 . He spent two seasons in the Pirates minor league system before debuting in the Cuban League , where he played for the Alacranes de Almendares club during the 1959-60 and 1960-61 winter seasons .
Shortly thereafter , the Cuban government replaced the former professional baseball system with new amateur baseball leagues . As a result , like many Cuban ballplayers , McFarlane decided to migrate to the United States to try his luck in a new environment .
In 1961 , McFarlane joined the Class A Asheville Tourists , where he posted a solid slash line of .301/.400/.528 with 74 runs batted in in 114 games , including 21 home runs and 27 stolen bases , a remarkable total for a catcher , being named the best prospect in the South Atlantic League .
MacFarlane opened 1962 at Triple A Columbus Jets , hitting for them a .308 average with 11 homers and 61 RBI . He would make his debut with the Pirates near the end of the year , appearing in eight games , but he never achieved the success predicted for him at Asheville .
After that , MacFarlane spent one and a half season at Triple A and returned to the Pirates for a brief stint in 1964 . He then battled with injuries and inconsistency throughout the next three years , as he split time between the Majors and the Minors with the Tigers and Angels organizations .
MacFarlane later played parts of four seasons in the minor leagues , concluding in 1971 with the Diablos Rojos del México which had acquired him from the Tidewater Tides for Francisco Estrada on 30 November 1970 . In a ten-season minors career , he slashed .285/.372/.478 with 129 home runs and 544 RBI in 960 games appearances .
In between , Mc Farlane played winter ball for the Águilas Cibaeñas in the Dominican Republic , where he led the league in home runs in 1963-64 ( 10 ) and 1964-65 ( 8 ) . Additionally , he played with the Tigres de Aragua in Venezuela and the Leones de Ponce in Puerto Rico , where he lived for the rest of his life .
Even more , Mc Farlane gained notoriety in Puerto Rico when he had his wedding ceremony performed at the Estadio Francisco Montaner , homestand of the Leones .
Death
McFarlane died in 2007 in Ponce , Puerto Rico , at the age of 69 .
References
1938 births
2007 deaths
Águilas Cibaeñas players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Almendares ( baseball ) players
Asheville Tourists players
Burials at Cementerio Civil de Ponce
Burlington Bees players
California Angels players
Columbus Jets players
Detroit Tigers players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Dubuque Packers players
Grand Forks Chiefs players
Hawaii Islanders players
Leones de Ponce players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Puerto Rico
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball players from Cuba
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the United States
People from Las Tunas ( city )
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Salem Rebels players
Seattle Angels players
Tidewater Tides players
Tigres de Aragua players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
21st-century African-American people
The Distributed Common Ground System ( DCGS ) is a system which produces military intelligence for multiple military branches .
DCGS Programs
DCGS-N - DCGS for the United States Navy
DCGS-A - DCGS for the United States Army
AF DCGS - DCGS for the United States Air Force
DCGS-MC - DCGS for the United States Marine Corps
DCGS-SOF - DCGS for the United States Special Operations Forces
IS & A Support Center - DCGS-A Help Desk for the United States Army - https : //dcgsahelp.max.gov/
Description
While in U.S. Air Force use , the system produces intelligence collected by the U-2 Dragonlady , RQ-4 Global Hawk , MQ-9 Reaper and MQ-1 Predator . The previous system of similar use was the Deployable Ground Station ( DGS ) , which was first deployed in July 1994 . Subsequent version of DGS were developed from 1995 through 2009 .
Although officially designated a `` weapons system '' , it consists of computer hardware and software connected together in a computer network , devoted to processing and dissemination of information such as images .
The 480th Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing of the Air Combat Command operates and maintains the USAF system .
A plan envisioned in 1998 was to develop interoperable systems for the Army and Navy , in addition to the Air Force .
By 2006 , version 10.6 was deployed by the Air Force , and a version known as DCGS-A was developed for the Army .
After a 2010 report by General Michael T. Flynn , the program was intended to use cloud computing and be as easy to use as an iPad , which soldiers over a few years were commonly using .
By April 2011 , project manager Colonel Charles Wells announced version 3 of the Army system ( code named `` Griffin '' ) was being deployed in the US war in Afghanistan .
In January 2012 , the United States Army Communications-Electronics Research , Development and Engineering Center hosted a meeting based on the DCGS-A early experience . It brought together technology providers in the hope of developing more integrated systems using cloud computing with open architectures , compared to previously specialized custom-built systems .
A major contractor was Lockheed Martin , with computers supplied by Silicon Graphics International out of its Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin office .
Software known as the Analyst 's Notebook , originally developed by i2 Limited , was included in DCGS-A . IBM acquired i2 in 2011 .
Some US Army personnel reported using a Palantir Technologies product to improve their ability to predict locations of improvised explosive devices .
An April 2012 report recommending further study after initial success . Palantir software was rated easy to use , but did not have the flexibility and wide number of data sources of DCGS-A .
In July 2012 , Congressman Duncan D. Hunter ( from California , the state where Palantir is based ) complained of US DoD obstacles to its wider use .
Although a limited test in August 2011 by the Test and Evaluation Command had recommended deployment , operation problems of DCGS-A included the baseline system was `` not operationally effective '' with reboots on average about every 8 hours . A set of improvements was identified in November 2012 .
The press reported some of the shortcomings uncovered by General Genaro Dellarocco in the tests .
The ambitious goal of integrating 473 data sources for 75 million reports proved to be challenging , after spending an estimated $ 2.3 billion on the Army system alone .
In May 2013 Politico reported that Palantir lobbyists and some anonymous returning veterans continued to advocate the use of its software , despite its interoperability limits . In particular , members of special forces and US Marines were not required to use the official Army system .
Similar stories appeared in other publications , with Army representatives ( such as Major General Mary A. Legere ) citing the limitations of various systems .
Congressman Hunter was a member of the House Armed Services Committee which required a review of the program , after two other members of congress sent an open letter to Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta . The Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee included testimony from Army Chief of Staff General Ray Odierno . The 130th Engineer Brigade ( United States ) has found the system to be `` unstable , slow , not friendly and a major hindrance to operations '' .
The equivalent system for the United States Navy was planned for initial deployment by 2015 , and within a shipboard network called Consolidated Afloat Networks and Enterprise Services ( CANES ) by 2016 .
Some early testing was announced in 2009 aboard the aircraft carrier .
A portion of the software , a distributed data framework for the DCGS integration backbone ( DIB ) version 4 , was submitted to an open-source software repository of the Codice Foundation on GitHub .
The framework was new for DIB version 4 , replacing the legacy DIB portal with an Ozone Widget Framework interface .
It was written in the Java programming language .
DCGS-A
Distributed Common Ground System-Army ( DCGS-A ) is the United States Army 's primary system to post data , process information , and disseminate Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance ( ISR ) information about the threat , weather , and terrain to echelons .
DCGS-A provides commanders the ability to task battle-space sensors and receive intelligence information from multiple sources .
Promotion
An August 17 , 2011 , UPI article quoted i2 Chief Executive Officer Robert Griffin who commented on DCGS-A 's best-of-breed approach to development . The article detailed the Army contracting with i2 for Analyst 's Notebook software . `` With its open architecture , Analyst 's Notebook supports the Army 's strategy to employ and integrate best-of-breed solutions from across the industry to meet the dynamic needs users face in the field on a daily basis . ''
A February 1 , 2012 , article in the Army web page quoted Mark Kitz , DCGS-A technical director . DCGS-A `` uses the latest in cloud technology to rapidly gather , collaborate and share intelligence data from multiple sources to deliver a common operating picture . DCGS-A is able to rapidly adapt to changing operational environments by leveraging an iterative development model and open architecture allowing for collaboration with multiple government , industry and academic partners . ''
A July 2012 article in SIGNAL Magazine , monthly publication of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , promoted DCGS-A as taking advantage of technological environments with which young soldiers are familiar . The article quoted the DCGS-A program manager , Col. Charles Wells on the systems benefits . The article also included Lockheed Martin 's DCGS-A program manager .
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel published an article May 4 , 2012 , about Wisconsin-located companies helping DCGS-A with cloud computing technology .
The article promoted the speed when cloud computing processes intelligence and cost savings by analyzing data in the field .
The U.S. Army 's 2011 Posture Statement
The U.S. Army released its 2011 Army Posture Statement March 2 . It included a statement on DCGS-A :
“ The Distributed Common Ground System-Army ( DCGS-A ) is the Army 's premier intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance ( ISR ) enterprise for the tasking of sensors , analysis and processing of data , exploitation of data , and dissemination of intelligence ( TPED ) across all echelons . It is the Army component of the larger Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise ( DI2E ) and interoperable with other Service DCGS programs . Under the DI2E framework , USD ( I ) hopes to provide COCOM Joint Intelligence Operations Centers ( JIOCs ) capabilities interoperable with DCGS-A through a Cloud/widget approach .
DCGS-A connects tactical , operational , and theater-level commanders to hundreds of intelligence and intelligence-related data sources at all classification levels and allows them to focus efforts of the entire ISR community on their information requirements .
Comparisons
Some Ground Commanders who describe DCGS-A as `` unwieldy and unreliable , hard to learn and difficult to use , '' supporting alternative software from Palantir Technologies . Palantir software supports small unit situational awareness , but is not sufficiently funded to support the broader role that DCGS-A fulfills .
Operators
480th Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing
9th Intelligence Squadron
13th Intelligence Squadron
548th Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group
548 Operational Support Squadrons
48th Intelligence Squadron
101st Intelligence Squadron
113th Air Support Operations Squadron
127th Command and Control Squadron
161st Intelligence Squadron
References
External links
Raytheon - Distributed Common Ground System ( DCGS )
Distributed Common Ground System-Army
United States Army equipment
Equipment of the United States Air Force
Military electronics of the United States
Military computers
Cloud computing
Pachylia darceta is a moth of the family Sphingidae first described by Herbert Druce in 1881 .
Distribution
It is known from Panama , Costa Rica , Venezuela , Brazil and Bolivia .
Description
There are three oblique black lines on the forewing upperside and two in the basal half of the wing . The hindwing upperside is uniform brown without markings .
Biology
There are probably multiple generations per year . Adults have been recorded from early August to September in Brazil .
References
Dilophonotini
Moths described in 1881
The West Perth Football Club , nicknamed the Falcons , is an Australian rules football club located in Joondalup , Western Australia . West Perth competes in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and WAFL Women 's ( WAFLW ) and is the oldest existing Australian rules football club in Western Australia . Originally located at Leederville Oval , the team was relocated in 1994 to Arena Joondalup , a sports complex in the northern suburbs of Perth . The team 's club song is `` It 's a Grand Old Flag '' and its traditional rivals are East Perth .
History
The Victorian Football Club was established at a meeting on 2 May 1885 . The new team was to play its games at the Recreation Ground ( now Esplanade Reserve ) and wear the colours cardinal and navy . Two weeks after the establishment of the new club it formed the WAFA together with Rovers and Fremantle . The three clubs , along with High School ( now Hale School ) were to play out the 1885 season , however High School dropped out after just two rounds .
The West Australian Football Club was established in 1886 and were admitted to the competition for the 1887 season . At a meeting of the two clubs on 16 April 1889 , it was unanimously decided to amalgamate the two clubs – West Australian and Victorians – into a single club known as the Metropolitan Football Club for the 1889 season . The West Australian colours of black and red were to be maintained for the new club . In 1891 , a meeting of footballers was held to form a new team , to be called West Perth , which embraced the members of the then-defunct Metropolitan Football Club . The new club was immediately granted entry into the WA Football Association ( later called the WA Football League ) and won its first premiership in 1897 .
In 1915 the team became the original tenant of the newly built Leederville Oval where it would remain based until 1993 , at which time the team moved to Joondalup to play games at Arena Joondalup from the 1994 season onwards . Since relocating , the Falcons have enjoyed relative success with four premierships from eight grand finals , the most recent flag coming in 2013 .
In 2022 the club became the seventh active club to participate in the WAFL Women 's ( WAFLW ) , the premier state-based competition for female footballers .
Club song
`` It 's a Grand Old Flag ''
It 's a grand old flag it 's a high flying flag ,
It 's the emblem for me and for you ,
It 's the emblem of the team we love ,
The team of the red and the blue ,
Every heart beats true for the red and the blue ,
And we sing this song to you ,
Should old acquaintance be forgot ,
Keep your eye on the red and the blue ...
Honours
Club honours
Individual honours
Sandover Medallists : ( 12 total )
1922 : Harold Boyd
1924 : Jim Gosnell
1927 : Jim Craig
1930 : Ted Flemming
1940 : Terence O'Keefe
1942 : Laurie Bowen
1946 : John Loughridge
1951 : Fred Buttsworth
1959 : Brian Foley
1992 : Robert West
1993 : Neil Mildenhall
2014 : Aaron Black
Simpson Medallists : ( 11 total )
1946 : John Loughridge
1949 : Jack Larcombe
1951 : Don Porter
1960 : Brian Foley
1969 : Bill Dempsey
1971 : Shane Sheridan
1975 : Mel Whinnen
1995 : Darren Harris
1999 : Christian Kelly
2003 : Brent LeCras
2013 : Mark Hutchings
Bernie Naylor Medalists : ( 20 total )
1894 : Bill Duffy ( 15 )
1898 : Herb Loel ( N/A )
1899 : Herb Loel ( 50 )
1900 : Albert Daly ( 30 )
1901 : Herb Loel ( 45 )
1902 : Herb Loel ( 35 )
1903 : Tom McNamara ( 32 )
1911 : William Bellion ( 30 )
1925 : Ted Flemming ( 50 )
1930 : Frank Hopkins ( 79 )
1932 : Ted Tyson ( 96 )
1936 : Ted Tyson ( 126 )
1942 : Ted Brunton ( 94 )
1945 : Bill Baker ( 91 )
1951 : Ray Scott ( 141 )
1955 : Ray Scott ( 83 )
1963 : Ron Evans ( 97 )
1973 : Phil Smith ( 84 )
2018 : Andrew Strijk ( 51 )
2019 : Tyler Keitel ( 50 )
All-Australians :
1961 : Ray Gabelich
1972 : Alan Watling
300 games
Mel Whinnen ( 371 )
Bill Dempsey ( 343 )
200 games :
Alan Watling ( 284 )
Les Fong ( 284 )
Paul Mifka ( 283 )
Ray Scholfield ( 277 )
Wally Price ( 256 )
Peter Menaglio ( 236 )
E J ( Ted ) Flemming ( 229 )
Bill Rainoldi ( 228 )
E A ( Ted ) Tyson ( 228 )
Ken Ashdown ( 218 )
Jason Salecic ( 212 )
Norm McDiarmid ( 210 )
Max Tetly ( 210 )
Jim Craig ( 203 )
Brian Foley ( 202 )
Len Harman ( 201 )
Eddie Wylde ( 200 )
( * ) Indicates current listed players
Club records
Highest score :
Round 10 , 1981 – 37–17 ( 239 ) vs. East Fremantle at Leederville Oval
Round 10 , 1987 – 37–17 ( 239 ) vs. South Fremantle at Leederville Oval
Lowest score :
Round 1 , 1912 – 0.3 ( 3 ) vs. Subiaco at WACA
Most games :
Mel Whinnen 371 ( 1960–1977 )
Highest goal kicker ( season ) :
E. Tyson 143 goals ( 1934 )
R. Scott 143 goals ( 1972 )
Highest goal kicker ( game ) :
E. Tyson 17 goals v. Swan Districts ( 1934 )
Highest goal kicker ( career ) :
E. Tyson 1119 goals
Longest serving captain :
Les Fong 7 Seasons ( 1980–1986 )
Longest serving coach :
Bill Monaghan 10 Seasons ( 2009 – 2018 )
Most club champion awards won :
Mel Whinnen 9
Record home attendance :
Round 21 , 1978 – 24,567 vs. East Perth at Leederville Oval
Record finals attendance :
1975 Grand Final – 52,322 vs. South Fremantle at Subiaco Oval
WA Football Hall of Fame
West Perth players who have been inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame :
Premierships
Grand finals
1897 :
1899 :
1901 :
1905 : West Perth 4–7 ( 31 ) def East Fremantle 3–9 ( 27 )
1932 : West Perth 18–9 ( 117 ) def East Perth 11–8 ( 74 )
1934 : West Perth 11–7 ( 73 ) def East Fremantle 5–9 ( 39 )
1935 : West Perth 11–8 ( 74 ) def Subiaco 7–9 ( 51 )
1941 : West Perth 14–14 ( 98 ) def East Fremantle 10–17 ( 77 )
1942 : West Perth 19–16 ( 130 ) def Claremont 11–13 ( 79 )
1949 : West Perth 16–13 ( 109 ) def Perth 12–7 ( 79 )
1951 : West Perth 13–10 ( 88 ) def South Fremantle 12–13 ( 85 )
1960 : West Perth 17–13 ( 115 ) def East Perth 12–11 ( 83 )
1969 : West Perth 21–21 ( 147 ) def East Perth 10–14 ( 74 )
1971 : West Perth 14–17 ( 101 ) def East Perth 9–15 ( 69 )
1975 : West Perth 23–17 ( 155 ) def South Fremantle 7–9 ( 51 )
1995 : West Perth 21–11 ( 137 ) def Subiaco 12–9 ( 81 )
1999 : West Perth 14–13 ( 97 ) def South Fremantle 11–6 ( 72 )
2003 : West Perth 13–9 ( 87 ) def Subiaco 9–10 ( 64 )
2013 : West Perth 20–11 ( 131 ) def East Perth 12–10 ( 81 )
Last premiership team
Club coaches
1919 : Paddy Willoughby
1920–21 : Tony Tyson
1921–22 : Tom Soutar
1923 : Archie Herd
1923–24 : Jack Leckie
1925 : Bert Taylor
1926–27 : Tom Soutar
1928–30 : Harold Boyd
1931 : Sam Tyson
1932–33 : Jack Cashman
1934–35 : Johnny Leonard
1936 : Jack Cashman
1937 : Johnny Leonard
1938–39 : Max Tetley
1940–41 : Ross Hutchinson
1942–45 : Joe Brooker
1946 : Ross Hutchison
1947–52 : Stan Heal
1953–54 : Peter O'Donohue
1955 : Don Scott
1956–57 : Frank Sparrow
1958 : Ray Schofield
1959 : Don Marinko , Jr .
1960–63 : Arthur Olliver
1964 : Clive Lewington
1965–67 : Bob Spargo
1968–71 : Graham Farmer
1972 : Peter Steward
1973–74 : Dennis Jones
1975–77 : Graham Campbell
1978–79 : Percy Johnson
1979–81 : Graham Campbell
1982–84 : Dennis Cometti
1985–86 : John Wynne
1987–88 : Bruce Monteath
1989–91 : George Michalczyk
1992–94 : Jeff Gieschen
1995–99 : John Dimmer
2000–01 : Andrew Lockyer
2002–05 : Darren Harris
2006–08 : Todd Curley
2009–17 : Bill Monaghan
2018–21 : Geoff Valentine
Club captains
1885–86 : Alexander Rankin
1887 : Horace Wilson
1888 : Harry Sadler
1889 : Frederick McDonough
1890 : Jack Kneale
1891 : Ken McKenzie
1892 : Alfred Newlands
1893–94 : George Sykes
1895 : James Morgan
1896 : Jack Coward and David DeCoit
1897–1900 : Barney Grecian
1901 : Les Jones and Billy Plunkett ( 1 )
1902 : Herbert Loel ( 1 )
1903 : Herbert Loel ( 2 ) and Bundy McNamara
1904 : Billy Plunkett ( 2 )
1905 : Billy Plunkett ( 3 ) and Shooter Ford ( 1 )
1906 : Shooter Ford ( 2 )
1907 : Gerald Balme ( 1 )
1908 : Frederick Strickland
1909 : Jim Everett
1910–11 : Gerald Balme ( 2 )
1912 : Gerald Balme ( 3 ) and Bill Mose
1913–14 : Samuel Rowe
1915–16 : Anthony Austin
1917 : Samuel Jeffery
1918 : Jack O'Dea
1919 : Paddy Willoughby
1920 : Tony Tyson
1921–22 : Tom Soutar ( 1 )
1923–24 : Harold Boyd
1925 : Bert Taylor
1926 : Tom Soutar ( 2 )
1927 : Donald Sinclair
1928 : Bill McRae , Jim Gosnell , Jim Craig ( 1 ) , and Jack McDiarmid
1929 : Ernest Moyle
1930 : Jim Craig ( 2 )
1931 : Ted Flemming ( 1 )
1932–33 : Jack Cashman
1934–35 : Don Marinko , Sr .
1936 : Bill Benton
1937 : Ted Flemming ( 2 ) and Wally Buttsworth
1938–39 : Max Tetly
1940–41 : Dick Hill
1941 : Spike Pola ( 1 )
1942–43 : Len Harman
1944 : Fred Buttsworth
1945 : Spike Pola ( 2 )
1946 : Ross Hutchinson
1947–51 : Stan Heal
1952 : Ray Schofield ( 1 )
1953–54 : Peter O'Donohue
1955 : Don Scott
1956 : Frank Sparrow
1957–58 : Ray Schofield ( 2 )
1959–60 : Don Marinko , Jr .
1961–64 : Brian Foley
1965–67 : Bob Spargo
1968–71 : Graham Farmer
1972 : Peter Steward
1973–76 : Bill Dempsey
1977 : Mel Whinnen
1978 : Arthur Duckworth
1979 : Geoff Taylor
1980–86 : Les Fong
1987–89 : Peter Menaglio
1990 : Paul Hasler
1991 : David Palm
1992–94 : Craig Nelson
1995–96 : Darren Harris
1997–98 : Brendan Barrows
1999–2000 : Kim Rigoll ( 1 )
2001–03 : Steve Trewhella
2004 : Kim Rigoll ( 2 )
2005 : Todd Curley
2006–07 : Clayton Lasscock
2008–13 : Jason Salecic
2014–15 : Jay van Berlo ( 1 ) and Luke Tedesco
2016–17 : Jay van Berlo ( 2 )
Current squad
As of May 2018 :
1 Aaron Black
2 Brayden Antonio
3 Andrew Strijk
4 Luke Meadows
5 Max Alexander
6 Corey Chalmers
8 Michael Lourey
9 Trent Manzone
10 Matthew Guadagnin
11 Mitchell Antonio
12 Liam Tedesco
13 Dean Munns
14 Shane Nelson
16 Baylee James
17 Blake Wilhelm
18 Jay Van Berlo ( c )
19 Christopher Keunen
22 Kristopher Shannon
23 Conal Lynch
24 Scott Nelson
25 Mitchell Peirce
26 James Finchett
27 Steven Potente
28 Keegan Knott
29 Alexander Coe
30 Dylan Yem
31 Tyrese Miller
32 Rudy Riddoch
33 Kael Coleman
34 Tyson Moulton
35 Jordan Mills
36 Mark Hamilton
37 Tyler Keitel
38 Zac Guadagnin
39 Fraser Foley
40 Aidan Lynch
41 Nathan Alexandre
42 Thomas Boyes
43 Lachlan Johns
44 Connor West
45 Benjamin King
46 Jacob Turner
48 Joel Bennett
49 Lachlan Sherriffs
50 Slade Hawkins
51 Joshua Romanelli
52 Michael Ashfield
53 Bailey Marriott
54 Daniel Del Prete
55 Angus Allen
56 Oliver Kidd
57 Ewan Larmett
58 Zachary Turner
59 Nicholas Marinovich
60 Joshua Hatch
61 Kurt Hindmarsh
62 Kurt Monaghan
64 Bailey Ash
65 Sam Murphy
67 Nijal Eades
Team of the Century
AFL/VFL players ( including rookies )
This is a list of West Perth players who have played at AFL/VFL level :
Jaxon Prior ( Brisbane Lions )
Blake Acres ( St Kilda )
Marcus Adams ( Western Bulldogs and Brisbane Lions )
Oscar Allen ( West Coast )
Ian Anderson ( Essendon )
Horrie Bant ( 1882–1957 ) ( St Kilda and Essendon )
Laurie Bellotti ( West Coast )
Bill Benton ( 1906–1979 ) ( Richmond )
Jack Beveridge ( 1907–1986 ) ( Collingwood )
Darren Bewick ( Essendon )
Rohan Bewick ( Brisbane Lions )
Ashley Blurton ( West Coast and Richmond )
Kepler Bradley ( Essendon and Fremantle )
Phil Bradmore ( Footscray )
Bruce Bridges ( 1917–1999 ) ( Fitzroy )
Steven Browne ( Carlton )
Jeff Bruce ( Fitzroy )
Bill Burns ( 1884–1955 ) ( Geelong and Richmond )
Ronnie Burns ( Geelong and Adelaide )
Fred Buttsworth ( Essendon )
Wally Buttsworth ( 1917–2002 ) ( Essendon )
Adam Campbell ( Fremantle )
Jack Cashman ( 1906–1982 ) ( Fitzroy and Carlton )
Callum Chambers ( West Coast and Carlton )
Kevin Clarke ( 1931–2009 ) ( Melbourne and Carlton )
Ernie Coward ( 1916–1985 ) ( Essendon )
Phil Cronan ( St Kilda and Footscray )
Todd Curley ( Collingwood and Footscray/Western Bulldogs )
Jack Darling ( West Coast )
Bill Davern ( 1883–1952 ) ( Geelong )
Jim Davies ( 1926–2010 ) ( Carlton )
Barry Day ( Essendon )
Ian Downsborough ( West Coast , Port Adelaide and Adelaide )
Billy Duckworth ( Essendon )
John Duckworth ( Fitzroy )
Max Duffy ( Fremantle )
Russell Ellen ( Essendon )
Neil Evans ( Essendon )
Ron Evans ( 1939–2007 ) ( Essendon )
Brian Falconer ( Hawthorn )
Graham Farmer ( Geelong )
Brendon Fewster ( West Coast and Fremantle )
Vic Fisher ( 1924–1999 ) ( Essendon )
Shane Fitzsimmons ( Melbourne )
Dan Foley ( Richmond )
Arthur Ford ( 1881–1953 ) ( Carlton )
Peter Freeman ( St Kilda )
Ray Gabelich ( 1933–2000 ) ( Collingwood )
John Gastev ( West Coast and Brisbane Bears )
Barney Grecian ( 1872–1919 ) ( Essendon )
Ralph Green ( 1911–1991 ) ( Carlton )
Chris Groom ( Adelaide , Fremantle and North Melbourne )
Brad Gwilliam ( West Coast and Richmond )
Derek Hall ( West Coast and Geelong )
Len Halley ( Essendon )
Jack Heal ( 1919–1988 ) ( Melbourne )
Stan Heal ( 1920–2010 ) ( Melbourne )
Trevor Heath ( Essendon )
Col Hebbard ( Essendon )
Bradley Hill ( Hawthorn )
Stephen Hill ( Fremantle )
Ray Holden ( Melbourne )
Mark Hutchings ( West Coast )
Jordan Jones ( West Coast )
Derek Kickett ( North Melbourne , Essendon and Sydney Swans )
Sean King ( West Coast )
Steven Koops ( Fremantle and Western Bulldogs )
Dean Laidley ( West Coast and North Melbourne )
Ken Leahy ( 1906–1985 ) ( Geelong )
Brent LeCras ( North Melbourne )
Mark LeCras ( West Coast )
Teddy Lockwood ( 1872–1953 ) ( Geelong and Collingwood )
Justin Longmuir ( Fremantle )
Troy Longmuir ( Melbourne , Fremantle and Carlton )
Ray Lucev ( South Melbourne )
Quinten Lynch ( West Coast and Collingwood )
Tom Marinko ( 1941–1981 ) ( St Kilda )
Josh Mellington ( Fremantle )
Mark Merenda ( Richmond and West Coast )
Paul Mifka ( West Coast )
Neil Mildenhall ( Fremantle )
Ray Niven ( 1910–1992 ) ( Fitzroy and Melbourne )
Darren O'Brien ( Melbourne )
Peter O'Donohue ( 1923–2012 ) ( Hawthorn )
David Palm ( Richmond )
Michael Pettigrew ( Port Adelaide )
Len Phillips ( 1890–19 ? ? ) ( St Kilda and Essendon )
Andrew Purser ( Footscray )
Bert Renfrey ( 1879–1940 ) ( St Kilda )
George Renwick ( 1886–1945 ) ( Carlton )
Arthur Retell ( 1906–1978 ) ( St Kilda )
Laurie Richards ( Fitzroy )
Mike Richardson ( Collingwood , Essendon and Brisbane Bears )
Jon Riggs ( St Kilda )
Austin Robertson Sr. ( 1907–1988 ) ( South Melbourne )
Nick Robertson ( Brisbane Lions )
Bob Robinson ( 1914–2001 ) ( Fitzroy )
Warren Roper ( Collingwood )
Brian Sampson ( 1941–2012 ) ( Essendon )
Don Scott ( South Melbourne )
Paul Shanahan ( 1948–2011 ) ( Fitzroy )
Josh Smith ( North Melbourne )
Phil Smith ( 1946–2010 ) ( Geelong )
Craig Smoker ( Melbourne )
Bob Spargo ( Footscray )
Darren Stanley ( Footscray )
Peter Steward ( North Melbourne )
Andrew Strijk ( West Coast )
Paul Symmons ( West Coast )
John Towner ( Essendon )
Craig Turley ( West Coast and Melbourne )
Bill Valli ( Collingwood and Essendon )
Jay van Berlo ( Fremantle )
Nathan van Berlo ( Adelaide )
Robert Warnock ( Fremantle and Carlton )
Robbie West ( West Coast and Footscray )
Martin Whitelaw ( Fremantle )
Ike Whittaker ( Footscray )
Andrew Williams ( West Coast and Collingwood )
Don Williams ( 1935–1995 ) ( Melbourne )
Frank Williams ( 1884–1939 ) ( St Kilda )
Tom Williams ( 1876–1938 ) ( Essendon )
Troy Wilson ( West Coast )
Fred Wimbridge ( 1893–1977 ) ( South Melbourne )
See also
West Perth players
References and notes
External links
AustralianFootball.com : History of West Perth
Team of the Century
Australian rules football clubs in Western Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1885
West Australian Football League clubs
1885 establishments in Australia
One human poll comprised the 1941 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . The Coaches ' Poll began operation in 1950 ; in addition , the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year .
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 1 , at the end of the 1941 regular season , weeks before the major bowls . The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968 .
References
College football rankings
Bruce Lindsay may refer to :
Bruce Lindsay ( footballer ) ( born 1961 ) , former Australian rules footballer
Bruce Lindsay ( broadcaster ) ( born 1950 ) , news reporter with KSL TV in Salt Lake City
Bruce G. Lindsay ( 1947–2015 ) , American statistician
See also
Robert Bruce Lindsay ( 1900–1985 ) , American physicist and physics professor
Bruce Lindsey , CEO of the William J. Clinton Foundation
The black-crowned tityra ( Tityra inquisitor ) is a medium-sized passerine bird . It has traditionally been placed in the cotinga or the tyrant flycatcher family , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae .
It is found in Argentina , Belize , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guatemala , Guyana , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Suriname , Trinidad and Tobago , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
Taxonomy
Subspecies
Tityra inquisitor inquisitor : Tropical southeast Brazil ( s Piauí ) to east Paraguay and northeast Argentina
Tityra inquisitor fraserii : Tropical southeast Mexico ( San Luis Potosí ) to central Panama
Tityra inquisitor albitorques : Tropical east Panama to northwest Bolivia and west Amazonian Brazil
Tityra inquisitor buckleyi : Tropical southeast Colombia ( Caquetá ) and east Ecuador ( Napo-Pastaza )
Tityra inquisitor erythrogenys : Tropical east Colombia to Venezuela , the Guianas and north Brazil
Tityra inquisitor pelzelni : Tropical northeast Bolivia , Mato Grosso and Brazil south of the Amazon
The syntypes of Psaris fraserii Kaup ( Proc . Zool . Soc . London , pt . 19. ,1851 ( 1852 ) , p.47 . pl . 37-38 ) , an adult male and female , are held in the vertebrate zoology collection of National Museums Liverpool at World Museum , with accession number NML-VZ D1868 and NML-VZ D1868a . The specimen came to the Liverpool national collection via the 13th Earl of Derby 's collection which was bequeathed to the people of Liverpool in 1851 .
References
Further reading
black-crowned tityra
Birds of Central America
Birds of South America
black-crowned tityra
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Magic Maize is a children 's novella written and illustrated by Mary and Conrad Buff . Set in contemporary Guatemala , it describes the life and adventures of a boy from a traditional Mayan Indian family . First published in 1953 , it was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1954 .
References
1953 American novels
American children 's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
Novels set in Guatemala
Houghton Mifflin books
1953 children 's books
Children 's novellas
Definiteness is a feature of noun phrases in grammatical theory .
Definiteness may also refer to :
Counterfactual definiteness , a concept in quantum mechanics
For the definiteness of forms in multilinear algebra , see Definite quadratic form .
See also
Definition ( disambiguation )
Definitive ( disambiguation )
Absolutely ( disambiguation )
The Asian Football Confederation 's 1995 AFC Women 's Championship was held from 23 September to 2 October 1995 in Malaysia . The tournament was won by for the fifth consecutive time by China in the final against Japan .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Best teams in second place
In 4 team groups record against the bottom team was excluded .
Knockout stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
External links
RSSSF.com
Women 's Championship
AFC Women 's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Malaysia
Afc
AFC Women 's Championship
AFC Women 's Championship
AFC Championship
AFC Women 's Championship
Muccioli is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Anna Maria Muccioli ( born 1964 ) , Sammarinese politician
Claudio Muccioli ( born 1958 ) , Sammarinese politician
Dalia Muccioli ( born 1993 ) , Italian cyclist
Giulio Muccioli , Pharmacologist and bioanalyst
Krystal Muccioli ( born 1989 ) , American beauty pageant winner
Riccardo Muccioli ( born 1974 ) , Sammarinese footballer
Simona Muccioli ( born 1984 ) , Sammarinese swimmer
Stefano Muccioli ( born 1968 ) , Sammarinese footballer
Italian-language surnames
The biceps or biceps brachii ( , `` two-headed muscle of the arm '' ) is a large muscle that lies on the front of the upper arm between the shoulder and the elbow . Both heads of the muscle arise on the scapula and join to form a single muscle belly which is attached to the upper forearm . While the biceps crosses both the shoulder and elbow joints , its main function is at the elbow where it flexes the forearm and supinates the forearm . Both these movements are used when opening a bottle with a corkscrew : first biceps screws in the cork ( supination ) , then it pulls the cork out ( flexion ) .
Structure
The biceps is one of three muscles in the anterior compartment of the upper arm , along with the brachialis muscle and the coracobrachialis muscle , with which the biceps shares a nerve supply . The biceps muscle has two heads , the short head and the long head , distinguished according to their origin at the coracoid process and supraglenoid tubercle of the scapula , respectively . From its origin on the glenoid , the long head remains tendinous as it passes through the shoulder joint and through the intertubercular groove of the humerus . Extending from its origin on the coracoid , the tendon of the short head runs adjacent to the tendon of the coracobrachialis as the conjoint tendon . Unlike the other muscles in the anterior compartment of the arm , the biceps muscle crosses two joints , the shoulder joint and the elbow joint .
Both heads of the biceps join in the middle upper arm to form a single muscle mass usually near the insertion of the deltoid to form a common muscle belly , although several anatomic studies have demonstrated that the muscle bellies remain distinct structures without confluent fibers . As the muscle extends distally , the two heads rotate 90 degrees externally before inserting onto the radial tuberosity . The short head inserts distally on the tuberosity while the long head inserts proximally closer to the apex of the tuberosity . The bicipital aponeurosis , also called the lacertus fibrosus , is a thick fascial band that organizes close to the musculotendinous junction of the biceps and radiates over and inserts onto the ulnar part of the antebrachial fascia .
The tendon that attaches to the radial tuberosity is partially or completely surrounded by a bursa , the bicipitoradial bursa , which ensures frictionless motion between the biceps tendon and the proximal radius during pronation and supination of the forearm .
Two muscles lie underneath the biceps brachii . These are the coracobrachialis muscle , which like the biceps attaches to the coracoid process of the scapula , and the brachialis muscle which connects to the ulna and along the mid-shaft of the humerus . Besides those , the brachioradialis muscle is adjacent to the biceps and also inserts on the radius bone , though more distally .
Variation
Traditionally described as a two-headed muscle , biceps brachii is one of the most variable muscles of the human body and has a third head arising from the humerus in 10 % of cases ( normal variation ) —most commonly originating near the insertion of the coracobrachialis and joining the short head—but four , five , and even seven supernumerary heads have been reported in rare cases .
One study found a higher than expected number of female cadavers with a third head of biceps brachii , equal incidence between sides of the body , and uniform innervation by musculocutaneous nerve .
The distal biceps tendons are completely separated in 40 % and bifurcated in 25 % of cases .
Nerve supply
The biceps shares its nerve supply with the other two muscles of the anterior compartment . The muscles are supplied by the musculocutaneous nerve . Fibers of the fifth , sixth and seventh cervical nerves make up the components of the musculocutaneous nerve which supply the biceps .
Blood supply
The blood supply of the biceps is the brachial artery . The distal tendon of the biceps can be useful for palpating the brachial pulse , as the artery runs medial to the tendon in the cubital fossa .
Function
The biceps works across three joints . The most important of these functions is to supinate the forearm and flex the elbow . Besides , the long head of biceps prevents the upward displacement of the head of the humerus . In more detail , the actions are , by joint :
Proximal radioulnar joint of the elbow – The biceps brachii functions as a powerful supinator of the forearm , i.e . it turns the palm upwards . This action , which is aided by the supinator muscle , requires the humeroulnar joint of the elbow to be at least partially flexed . If the humeroulnar joint , is fully extended , supination is then primarily carried out by the supinator muscle . The biceps is a particularly powerful supinator of the forearm due to the distal attachment of the muscle at the radial tuberosity , on the opposite side of the bone from the supinator muscle . When flexed , the biceps effectively pulls the radius back into its neutral supinated position in concert with the supinator muscle .
Humeroulnar joint of the elbow – The biceps brachii also functions as an important flexor of the forearm , particularly when the forearm is supinated . Functionally , this action is performed when lifting an object , such as a bag of groceries or when performing a biceps curl . When the forearm is in pronation ( the palm faces the ground ) , the brachialis , brachioradialis , and supinator function to flex the forearm , with minimal contribution from the biceps brachii . It is also important to note that regardless of forearm position , ( supinated , pronated , or neutral ) the force exerted by the biceps brachii remains the same ; however , the brachioradialis has a much greater change in exertion depending on position than the biceps during concentric contractions . That is , the biceps can only exert so much force , and as forearm position changes , other muscles must compensate .
Glenohumeral joint ( shoulder joint ) – Several weaker functions occur at the glenohumeral joint . The biceps brachii weakly assists in forward flexion of the shoulder joint ( bringing the arm forward and upwards ) . It may also contribute to abduction ( bringing the arm out to the side ) when the arm is externally ( or laterally ) rotated . The short head of the biceps brachii also assists with horizontal adduction ( bringing the arm across the body ) when the arm is internally ( or medially ) rotated . Finally , the short head of the biceps brachii , due to its attachment to the scapula ( or shoulder blade ) , assists with stabilization of the shoulder joint when a heavy weight is carried in the arm . The tendon of the long head of the biceps also assists in holding the head of the humerus in the glenoid cavity .
Motor units in the lateral portion of the long head of the biceps are preferentially activated during elbow flexion , while motor units in the medial portion are preferentially activated during forearm supination .
The biceps are usually attributed as representative of strength within a variety of worldwide cultures .
Clinical significance
The proximal tendons of the biceps brachii are commonly involved in pathological processes and are a frequent cause of anterior shoulder pain . Disorders of the distal biceps brachii tendon include insertional tendonitis and partial or complete tears of the tendon . Partial tears are usually characterized by pain and enlargement and abnormal contour of the tendon . Complete tears occur as avulsion of the tendinous portion of the biceps away from its insertion on the tuberosity of the radius , and is often accompanied by a palpable , audible `` pop '' and immediate pain and soft tissue swelling .
A soft-tissue mass is sometimes encountered in the anterior aspect of the arm , the so-called Reverse Popeye deformity , which paradoxically leads to a decreased strength during flexion of the elbow and supination of the forearm .
Tendon rupture
Tears of the biceps brachii may occur during athletic activities , however avulsion injuries of the distal biceps tendon are frequently occupational in nature and sustained during forceful , eccentric contraction of the biceps muscle while lifting .
Treatment of a biceps tear depends on the severity of the injury . In most cases , the muscle will heal over time with no corrective surgery . Applying cold pressure and using anti-inflammatory medications will ease pain and reduce swelling . More severe injuries require surgery and post-op physical therapy to regain strength and functionality in the muscle . Corrective surgeries of this nature are typically reserved for elite athletes who rely on a complete recovery .
Training
The biceps can be strengthened using weight and resistance training . Examples of well known biceps exercises are the chin-up and biceps curl .
Etymology and grammar
The biceps brachii muscle is the one that gave all muscles their name : it comes from the Latin musculus , `` little mouse '' , because the appearance of the flexed biceps resembles the back of a mouse . The same phenomenon occurred in Greek , in which μῦς , mȳs , means both `` mouse '' and `` muscle '' .
The term biceps brachii is a Latin phrase meaning `` two-headed [ muscle ] of the arm '' , in reference to the fact that the muscle consists of two bundles of muscle , each with its own origin , sharing a common insertion point near the elbow joint . The proper plural form of the Latin adjective biceps is bicipites , a form not in general English use . Instead , biceps is used in both singular and plural ( i.e. , when referring to both arms ) .
The English form , attested from 1939 , is a back formation derived from misinterpreting the s of biceps as the English plural marker -s .
History
Leonardo da Vinci expressed the original idea of the biceps acting as a supinator in a series of annotated drawings made between 1505 and 1510 ; in which the principle of the biceps as a supinator , as well as its role as a flexor to the elbow were devised . However , this function remained undiscovered by the medical community as da Vinci was not regarded as a teacher of anatomy , nor were his results publicly released . It was not until 1713 that this movement was re-discovered by William Cheselden and subsequently recorded for the medical community . It was rewritten several times by different authors wishing to present information to different audiences . The most notable recent expansion upon Cheselden 's recordings was written by Guillaume Duchenne in 1867 , in a journal named Physiology of Motion . To this day it remains one of the major references on supination action of the biceps brachii .
Other species
Neanderthals
In Neanderthals , the radial bicipital tuberosities were larger than in modern humans , which suggests they were probably able to use their biceps for supination over a wider range of pronation-supination . It is possible that they relied more on their biceps for forceful supination without the assistance of the supinator muscle like in modern humans , and thus that they used a different movement when throwing .
Horses
In the horse , the biceps ' function is to extend the shoulder and flex the elbow . It is composed of two short-fibred heads separated longitudinally by a thick internal tendon which stretches from the origin on the supraglenoid tubercle to the insertion on the medial radial tuberosity . This tendon can withstand very large forces when the biceps is stretched . From this internal tendon a strip of tendon , the lacertus fibrosus , connects the muscle with the extensor carpi radialis -- an important feature in the horse 's stay apparatus ( through which the horse can rest and sleep whilst standing . )
References
External links
Elbow flexors
Forearm supinators
Muscles of the upper limb
Shoulder flexors
East Retford North is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw . The ward elects 3 councillors to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system , with each councillor serving a four-year term in office . The number of registered voters in the ward is 5,013 as of 2019 .
It consists of the Hallcroft estate in the north of Retford .
The ward was created in 1979 following a review of ward boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England . A subsequent review of electoral arrangements in 2002 resulted in minor changes to the boundaries of the ward , although the number of councillors remained the same .
Councillors
The ward elects 3 councillors every four years . Prior to 2015 , Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place .
† Minor changes to ward boundaries however the number of councillors remained the same .
Elections
2019
2015
2014
2012
2011
2010
2008
2007
2006
2004
2003
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
The white-throated kingbird ( Tyrannus albogularis ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , the tyrant flycatchers .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela , and in the Guianas of Guyana , Suriname and French Guiana .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland .
Distribution
Eastern Amazon Basin and Cerrado
The white-throated kingbird is a species of the mostly eastern Amazon Basin as a resident species ; it is a non-breeding migratory resident into the western Amazon Basin , during the austral winter . Its range expands eastwards to the cerrado ( where it is a passage migrant in the northern part ) and northwards into the Guiana Shield excepted the coastal region ( east toward Marajó Island ) .
References
External links
White-throated kingbird videos on the Internet Bird Collection
White-throated kingbird photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res ; Article www.ib.usp.br– '' Tyrannidae ''
white-throated kingbird
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Bolivia
white-throated kingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Hermann Burmeister
Bannatyne v Overtoun [ 1904 ] AC 515 ( also called General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotland v Lord Overtoun : Macalister v Young 1904 7 F ( HL ) 1 and known as the Free Church case ) , was a protracted legal dispute between the United Free Church of Scotland ( which was a union in 1900 of the majority Free Church of Scotland with the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland ) and the minority of the Free Church who had remained outside of the union ( see Free Church of Scotland ( post 1900 ) ) .
Facts
The minority of the Free Church , which had refused to join the union , quickly tested its legality . They issued a summons claiming that , in altering the principles of the Free Church , the majority had forfeited the right to its assets , which should belong to the remaining minority , who were the true ‘ Free Church ' . However , the case was lost in the Court of Session where Alexander Low , Lord Low ( upheld by the second division ) ruled that the Assembly of the original Free Church had a right , within limits , to change its position .
The Free Church was represented by their former Moderator , Very Rev Colin Bannatyne . Their position was opposed by Lord Overtoun , hence Bannatyne v Overtoun .
Judgment
An appeal to House of Lords , ( not delivered until August 1 , 1904 due to a judicial death ) , reversed the Court of Session 's decision ( by a majority of 5-2 ) and found the minority was entitled to the assets of the Free Church . It was held that , by adopting new standards of doctrine ( and particularly by abandoning its commitment to ‘ the establishment principle ' , which was held to be fundamental to the Free Church ) , the majority had violated the conditions on which the property of the Free Church was held .
Significance
The judgement had huge implications ; seemingly , it deprived the Free Church element of the U.F . Church of all assets-churches , manses , colleges , missions , and even provision for elderly clergy . It handed large amounts of property to the remnant , more than it could make effective use of . A conference , held in September 1904 , between representatives of the U.F.C . and the ( now distinct ) Free Church to come to some working arrangement , found that no basis for agreement could be reached . A convocation of the U.F . Church , held on December 15 , decided that the union should proceed and resolved to pursue every lawful means to restore their assets . As a result , the intervention of Parliament was sought .
A parliamentary commission was appointed , consisting of Lord Elgin , Lord Kinnear and Sir Ralph Anstruther . The question of interim possession was referred to Sir John Cheyne . The commission sat in public , and after hearing both sides , issued their report in April 1905 . They stated that mutual ill-feelings made their work difficult . They concluded , however , that the Free Church was in many respects unable to carry out the purposes of the trusts , which , under the ruling of the House of Lords , was a condition of their holding the property . They recommended that an executive commission should be set up by Act of Parliament , in which the whole property of the Free Church , as at the date of the union , should be vested , and which should allocate it to the United Free Church , where the Free Church was unable to carry out the trust purposes .
The Churches ( Scotland ) Act 1905 , which gave effect to these recommendations , was passed in August . The commissioners appointed were those on whose report the act was formed , plus two others . The allocation of churches and manses was a slow business , but by 1908 over 100 churches had been assigned to the Free Church . Some of the dispossessed U.F . Church congregations , most of them in the Highlands , found shelter for a time in the parish churches ; but it was early decided that , in spite of objections to erecting additional church buildings , in districts where many were now standing empty , 60 new churches and manses should at once be built at a cost of about £150,000 . In October 1906 the commission intimated that the Assembly Hall and the New College Buildings were to belong to the U.F . Church while the Free Church received the offices in Edinburgh and a tenement to be converted into a college , while the library was to be vested in the U. F. Church , but open to members of both . After having held its Assembly in university class-rooms for two years , and in another hall in 1905 , in 1906 the U.F . Church again occupied the historic buildings of the Free Church . All the foreign missions and all the continental stations were also adjudged to the United Free Church . ( Incidentally , the same act also provided for the relaxation of subscription to the Westminster Confession in the Church of Scotland ; thus Parliament , had involved itself in the affairs of all Presbyterian churches . )
See also
UK administrative law
UK constitutional law
References
Cameron , N. et al . ( eds ) Dictionary of Scottish Church History and Theology , Edinburgh T & T Clark 1993 ; Cranmer , F.A . 'Christian Doctrine and Judicial Review : the Free Church Case Revisited ' , ( 2002 ) 6 Ecclesiastical Law Journal 203–216 ; Johnston , C. N. [ Lord Sands ] 'Doctrinal Subscription in the Church of Scotland ' , ( 1910 ) Juridical Review XVII 201–220 ; Rodger , A.F . [ Lord Rodger of Earlsferry ] The Courts , the Church and the Constitution : Aspects of the Disruption of 1843 , Edinburgh UP 2008 98-104 .
External links
Free Church case discussed in a 2005 opinion on a similar conflict
House of Lords cases
Court of Session cases
Legal history of Scotland
Presbyterianism in Scotland
1904 in case law
1904 in Scotland
Scots law articles needing infoboxes
United Kingdom administrative case law
1904 in British law
is a railway station in Kamigōri , Akō District , Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan , operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express .
Lines
Kokenawa Station is served by the Chizu Express Chizu Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|Chizu Express
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
The Yuengling Bicentennial Park and Gardens ( ) is a city park located in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , United States , which originally opened in the late 1800s and then again in 2005 .
History
The D.G . Yuengling and Son brewing company was founded in Pottsville in 1829 by David Yuengling , a German immigrant .
The original water source for the company was a hillside spring several blocks west of the brewery . The land around the springhouse was made into a park in the late 1800s . When water demand outstripped the spring 's capacity in the 1960s , however , the company began using city water instead and shut down the park and springhouse .
Contemporary development
In 2002 , Richard `` Dick '' Yuengling Jr. donated the land and spring to the city of Pottsville . The park had become abandoned and overgrown and the city took on its redevelopment . Yuengling Jr. had been approached by the Lasting Legacy for Pottsville Foundation and the Bicentennial Committee to start discussions about the donation . Yuengling Jr. stated it was fitting the city should have the land `` because it was the source of Pottsville 's first water supply '' , and `` Why should n't the city have it ? It will certainly enhance the quality of life for those living near it . ''
When the renovations were completed in the Spring of 2004 , the park featured footpaths , wooden bridges , gazebos , waterfalls and gardens . The park was the first urban green space created in Pottsville in `` recent history '' . The price of creating the park was approximately $ 350,000 , and local company Prodesign Plus helped work on design and construction . All money spent on upgrading the park was funded by private donations .
The groundbreaking of the park was held on June 10 , 2004 , and the ribbon cutting ceremony to officially open the park was on September 10 , 2005 .
In 2012 , Lasting Legacy spent an estimated $ 20,000 installing a bathroom in the park . Deborah `` Debbie '' Yuengling Ferhat , Richard L. Yuengling Jr. 's daughter , sits on the board at Lasting Legacy .
Wild animals , including rabbits , can still be seen in the park .
References
Urban public parks
Parks in Pennsylvania
Gardens in Pennsylvania
Pouxeux station ( French : Gare de Pouxeux ) is a railway station serving the commune of Pouxeux , Vosges department , France . The station is owned and operated by SNCF . It is served by TER Grand Est trains between Nancy and Remiremont ( line L04 ) operated by the SNCF .
Services
The station is not staffed nor equipped with automatic ticket distributors .
References
Railway stations in Vosges ( department )
Railway stations in France opened in 1864
Soviet Union and state terrorism may refer to :
Terrorism and the Soviet Union
Terrorism in the Soviet Union
The Great Purge , which is often described as state terror among people who grant recognition to that concept
El Desprecio ( 1991 ) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela 's Radio Caracas Televisión . It was written by Miriam Foti , Manuel González , Julio César Marmol , Reinaldo Rodríguez , and Morella Vega and directed by Luis Manzo . It was distributed internationally by RCTV International .
Maricarmen Regueiro and Flavio Caballero starred as the main protagonists with Flor Nuñez as the main antagonist .
A remake was made in 2006 with the same name titled El desprecio .
Synopsis
El Desprecio is based on two distinct storylines . The first focuses on a young woman , her struggles , misfortunes , loneliness , loves , happiness , sadness and continuous search of personal dignity . The second vividly illustrates ambition for power and money . Both are played out by a parade of legendary characters whose actions reveal the extremities of devious plotting , intrigue and even murder .
The lead character Clara Ines Santamaria , an outcast who has unjustly been labeled mentally retarded because she stutters , lives a secluded life in the countryside in a hospice run by nuns . Society 's grave misjudgment of Clara Ines will come to light and her profound intelligence will finally be discovered . Even though Clara Ines is actually a beautiful young woman , in the beginning she only inspires pity . She is from a wealthy family , but was raised by a nun who does n't want her to know her true origins . One day , Clara Ines discovers the truth and sets off for the capital city to challenge her destiny . She meets Raul Velandro , a seemingly good man who immediately takes pity on her and extends his assistance . He tells her that he is a member of the family she is seeking , he sets a trap , and Clara Ines becomes involved in a series of circumstances that comprise the compelling plot of El Desprecio .
Cast
Flavio Caballero as Raúl Velandró
Maricarmen Regueiro as Clara Inés Santamaría
Carlos Márquez as Israel Santamaría
Laura Brey as Corina Madrid de Velandró
Dilia Waikarán as Elisenda Medina
Ana Karina Manco as Tamara Campos
Alberto Álvarez as Cirilo Santamaría
Virgilio Galindo as Pereto
Leopoldo Renault as Nicolás Santamaría
Tomás Henriquez
Sonya Smith as Violeta Velandró
Ileana Jacket as Karen de Santamaría
References
External links
1991 telenovelas
RCTV telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
1991 Venezuelan television series debuts
1991 Venezuelan television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Venezuela
Avadi City Municipal Corporation is the civic body governing city of Avadi in Chennai , Indian state of Tamil Nadu . Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras ( Chennai ) in 1688 , later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay ( Mumbai ) and Calcutta ( Kolkata ) by 1762 . Avadi Municipal Corporation is headed by Mayor of city and governed by Commissioner . It is one of the three municipal corporations within the Chennai Metropolitan Area , the other two being the Greater Chennai Corporation and Tambaram Corporation .
History and Administration
Avadi Municipal Corporation in Tiruvallur district was formed in year 2019 and is 15th municipal corporation in Tamil Nadu . Avadi Municipal Corporation has 48 wards with a population of 6.1 lakhs spread in 65 km2 . The place is driven industrially with location of many key industries .
Avadi Municipal Corporation a Commissioner Mayor , a Council , a Standing Committee , a Wards Committee for facilitating various works .
Currently the Municipal Commissioner is K Sivakumar .
Areas of Avadi Municipal Corporation
The newly established Avadi Corporation will include the 48 wards of the existing Avadi Municipality and its adjoining Avadi , Thirumullaivoyal , Kovilpathagai , Mittanamalli , Pattabiram , Paruthipattu and Housing Board residential areas .
In the future , there is a possibility of merging some areas in the local bodies like Thiruverkadu , Poonamallee , Thiruninravur , Vanagaram , Nemilicherry and Veppampattu with the Avadi Corporation after consulting the people .
Factors driving Avadi Municipal Corporation
Avadi Municipal Corporation is driven by following factors :
Population Growth .
Increase in annual Income .
Improvement of Roads .
Providing drinking water .
Improving landscape .
Improving employment opportunities .
Improving relations between police and public .
Waste Management .
Arranging facilities during natural calamities .
Establishing industrial units .
Providing sewage connection .
Avadi Municipal Corporation Developments
Avadi Municipal Corporation as part of beautification process installed fountains in various junctions .
Avadi Municipal Corporation had floated tenders to get piped water facilities to its residents .
See also
List of Municipal Corporations in India
References
External links
Official website
Government of Chennai
Municipal corporations in Tamil Nadu
Bally Sports Indiana ( BSIN ) is an American regional sports network owned by Diamond Sports Group , and operates as an affiliate of Bally Sports . The channel broadcasts local professional and high school sports coverage throughout the state of Indiana , with a focus on professional sports teams based in Indianapolis , namely the NBA 's Indiana Pacers .
The channel is available on cable providers throughout Central Indiana , and is also available nationwide on DirecTV .
History
Bally Sports Indiana was launched as FSN Indiana was launched on November 1 , 2006 as a spin-off channel of Fox Sports Midwest , after the regional sports network obtained the exclusive regional cable television rights to broadcast games from the Indiana Pacers NBA franchise . The first live sporting event broadcast on FSN Indiana featured the Pacers at the Charlotte Bobcats on the day of launch at 7PM . The game was preceded by the special Beyond the Glory : Reggie Miller and a one hour pregame show .
A high definition simulcast feed of Fox Sports Indiana , launched on December 17 , 2007 , which broadcasts in the 720p format . Originally , the channel broadcast most of its Pacers game telecasts as well as Cincinnati Reds games from Fox Sports Ohio , and games and events broadcast nationally by Fox Sports Networks in HD . Today , nearly all programming is in HD .
On October 16 , 2009 , Dish Network removed Fox Sports Indiana and sister networks Fox Sports Midwest and Fox Sports Kansas City in a carriage dispute over a proposed increase in retransmission consent revenue paid by the satellite provider . The dispute lasted for one year , with all three channels being restored on October 29 , 2010 through the signing of a new carriage agreement .
On December 14 , 2017 , as part of a merger between both companies , The Walt Disney Company announced plans to acquire all 22 regional Fox Sports networks from 21st Century Fox , including Fox Sports Indiana . However , on June 27 , 2018 , the Justice Department ordered their divestment under antitrust grounds , citing Disney 's ownership of ESPN . On May 3 , 2019 , Sinclair Broadcast Group and Entertainment Studios ( through their joint venture , Diamond Holdings ) bought Fox Sports Networks from The Walt Disney Company for $ 10.6 billion . The deal closed on August 22 , 2019 . On November 17 , 2020 , Sinclair announced an agreement with casino operator Bally 's Corporation to serve as a new naming rights partner for the FSN channels . Sinclair announced the new Bally Sports branding for the channels on January 27 , 2021 . On March 31 , 2021 , coinciding with the start of the 2021 Major League Baseball season , Fox Sports Indiana was rebranded as Bally Sports Indiana , resulting in 18 other Regional Sports Networks renamed Bally Sports in their respective regions . The first live sporting event shown on Bally Sports Indiana was the Pacers-Heat game at 7 PM on that day . It was preceded by the `` Pacers Live '' pregame show at 6:30 PM .
Programming
Bally Sports Indiana holds the regional cable television rights to the Indiana Pacers . The channel also broadcasts select Major League Baseball games from its sister regional networks , airing Cincinnati Reds games televised by Bally Sports Ohio , St. Louis Cardinals game telecasts originating from Bally Sports Midwest and Detroit Tigers games from Bally Sports Detroit to areas of the state within the home television territories of those teams as defined by Major League Baseball .
Bally Sports Indiana also broadcasts athletic events from the Missouri Valley Conference and Indiana High School Athletic Association .
On December 10 , 2016 , Fox Sports Indiana aired the first edition of Basketball Day Indiana , which comprised several high schools , college and professional basketball games featuring Indiana-based teams . The event was broadcast annually until 2021 .
Former Programming
Fox Sports Indiana previously had right to the Indiana Fever of the WNBA . It has carried telecasts of events and conference magazine programs from the Atlantic 10 Conference , Atlantic Coast Conference , Big East Conference , Big 12 Conference , Conference USA , Western Athletic Conference , and Horizon League . Additionally , it aired weekly magazine programs for Notre Dame 's football and men 's basketball teams .
Notable on-air staff
Indiana Pacers
Chris Denari – Pacers play-by-play
Quinn Buckner – Pacers analyst
Eddie Gill – Pacers analyst ( home games )
Jeremiah Johnson – Pacers reporter
Indiana Fever
Pat Boylan – Fever play-by-play
Debbie Antonelli – Fever analyst
References
External links
Bally Sports
Fox Sports Networks
Sports in Indiana
Television stations in Indianapolis
Television channels and stations established in 2006
2006 establishments in Indiana
Marko Ahtisaari ( born 1969 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish technology entrepreneur and musician . Ahtisaari has been CEO and co-founder of two technology companies : Dopplr ( acquired by Nokia in 2009 ) and Sync Project ( acquired by Bose in 2018 ) . After the acquisition of Dopplr , Ahtisaari was executive vice president of Design at Nokia and later a Director 's Fellow at the MIT Media Lab . He is a composer , bassist and singer in the band Construction .
Early life
Marko Ahtisaari is the son of Martti Ahtisaari , a former UN diplomat and President of Finland , and Eeva Ahtisaari , the former First Lady of Finland . He attended Columbia University , where he studied philosophy , economics and music .
Work
Ahtisaari 's business career started at a new media company Satama Interactive in 1998 . In 2002 Ahtisaari left the company to join its biggest client , Nokia . He was appointed Director of Design strategy in 2005 . In 2006 , he left Nokia and joined his former boss , Nokia CEO Pekka Ala-Pietilä to start an advertisement-supported mobile network Blyk . In 2007 , Ahtisaari became the founding investor and CEO of online business travel startup Dopplr , which was acquired by Nokia in 2009 . Between February 2009 September 2013 Ahtisaari was Head of Product Design at Nokia . In January 2012 , he was appointed as a member of the Nokia leadership team . Ahtisaari announced his resignation from Nokia when Microsoft acquired Nokia 's devices business in September 2013 .
Ahtisaari is co-editor with Laura Houseley of Out of the Blue : The Essence and Ambition of Finnish Design ( Gestalten 2014 ) a survey of Finnish Design . Ahtisaari and Finnish entrepreneur and journalist Jaakko Tapaninen co-authored the book 10x Finland ( Teos 2015 ) for the Finnish-speaking audience on the impact of digitalisation on a country like Finland . The book is based on original interviews with international persons of interest in technology and media including Joi Ito , Stefana Broadbent , Tyler Brule , dana boyd , Joshua Cooper Ramo , and Brett Easton Ellis . In its review the Finnish National daily Helsingin Sanomat called 10x Finland `` one of the most interesting books written in Finnish on the effects of digitalisation . '' Ahtisaari contributed the essay `` Intelligent Travel '' to the Freesouls project .
Music
Ahtisaari studied music theory and violin at Helsinki Conservatory and then violin and composition at Columbia University . He gigged as a bass player in New York and recorded with Michael Leonhart and Blake Morgan among other local artists . In an interview on the Tim Ferriss Show entrepreneur and musician Derek Sivers founder of CD Baby said that Marko “ was technically the guy that gave me the idea for CD Baby ” after a show they had played in New York .
Ahtisaari 's band Skizm - together with percussionist Mauro Refosco , trumpetist Michael Leonhart , bassist Dan Cooper , singer Carolyn Kelley , and drummer Tobias Gebb - received a NARAS Grammy Showcase Award for new artists . Skizm played on the New York club scene including The Knitting Factory and Irving Plaza .
References
External links
http : //ahtisaari.typepad.com/about.html
http : //ahtisaari.typepad.com/moia/2005/12/music_for_airpl.html
1969 births
Living people
Musicians from Helsinki
Finnish people of Norwegian descent
Finnish male musicians
Nokia people
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Children of national leaders
Finnish chief executives
Al Rekayya ( ; also spelled Irkhaya ) is an agricultural district in Qatar , located in the municipality of Al Rayyan . It is close to the border with Al Wakrah Municipality .
Hassad Food owns a 162-hectare farm in Al Rekayya . As of 2012 , the Qatari Arab Dairy Company ( Ghadeer ) owned and operated the largest farm in Qatar out of Al Rekayya . The farm spanned 1,200 hectares , had an inventory of roughly 2,400 cattle and primarily grew forage crops such as alfalfa and clover .
Etymology
The district 's name translates to `` well '' . As an agricultural area located in a rawda ( depression ) , the local well historically played an important role in its inhabitant 's lives .
Gallery
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
The 1972 United States presidential election in Mississippi was held on November 7 , 1972 . Incumbent President Nixon won the state of Mississippi with 78.20 % of the vote , his most overwhelming dominance in any of the fifty states , carrying the Magnolia State 's seven electoral votes . Nixon defeated McGovern by a whopping margin of 58.57 % , a margin never equalled in any state since and exceeded by any Republican nominee in the party 's history only five times . This also marked the first time since 1944 that the state was on the winning side of the presidential election .
In Mississippi , voters voted for electors individually instead of as a slate , as in the other states .
McGovern carried only three counties – Claiborne , Holmes and Jefferson – all of which have overwhelming majority black populations . In archconservative , racially sensitive Mississippi , McGovern was universally viewed as a left-wing extremist because of his support for busing and civil rights , plus his opposition to the Vietnam War , support for granting amnesty to draft dodgers and support for a thousand-dollar giveaway to each American as a solution to poverty . Many , especially Republican campaigners , also believed McGovern would legalize abortion and illicit drugs if he were elected – despite the fact that his running mate Sargent Shriver was firmly opposed to abortion rights .
Consequently , the proportion of white voters supporting McGovern was utterly negligible , and even the newly enfranchised and loyally Democratic African-American population did not universally accept McGovern 's ideas , with the result that for the second time in three elections one of the historically the strongest members of the former Democratic Solid South became the most Republican state in the nation . Even in a massive landslide , Mississippi voted 34 % more Republican than the nation at-large . , this is the last election in which the following counties voted for a Republican presidential candidate : Marshall , Quitman , Bolivar , Sharkey , Wilkinson , Humphreys , Coahoma , Noxubee , and Tunica . This is also the last presidential election in which one of the two major-party nominees received less than 20 % of the vote in a state . Nixon 's margin of victory in Mississippi even exceeded McGovern 's 56-point win in the District of Columbia , making this one of only two presidential elections in history ( the other being the 1964 election , also in Mississippi ) in which any state was decided by a larger margin than the District of Columbia .
Results
Results by county
Notes
References
Mississippi
1972
1972 Mississippi elections
The list of University of St. Gallen people includes notable students , graduates , professors , and administrators affiliated with the University of St. Gallen .
Notable alumni
Business
Politics , law and society
Academics
Notable faculty ( permanent )
Notable honorary doctorate recipients
References
people
Lists of people by university or college in Switzerland
Yuva is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 872 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Denmark . Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift , clean and jerk lift , and the total for both lifts by the Dansk Vægtløftnings-Forbund ( DVF ) .
Current records
Men
Women
Historical records
Men ( 1998–2018 )
Women ( 1998–2018 )
References
General
Danish Records 3 June 2022 updated
Specific
External links
DVF web site
records
Denmark
Olympic weightlifting
weightlifting
Asiafroneta is a small genus of southeast Asian sheet weavers . It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2020 , and it has only been found in Malaysia . it contains only two species : A. atrata and A. pallida .
See also
List of Linyphiidae species ( A–H )
References
Linyphiidae genera
Arthropods of Borneo
The Sherobod , Sherabad or Sheroboddaryo ( , ) is a right tributary of the Amu Darya in the Surxondaryo Region , southern Uzbekistan . It is about long and drains an area of . The river rises in the arid foothills of the Gissar Range and flows south through steppe before flowing through a mountain ridge to empty into the Central Asian plain near the city Sherobod . The river turns south and flows past Qorasuv , to flow into the Amu Darya near the village Shurab . Because of irrigation water use , most of the water in the Sherabad no longer reaches the Amu Darya and its eventual destination in the Aral Sea . After flowing out of the mountains the remaining water in the river is usually salty so it is unsuitable for further water use . In dry years , most of the river dries up before reaching the Amu Darya .
Etymology
The name is a Persian/Tajiki compound made of 'sher ' or 'shir ' for 'lion ' , 'abad/obod ' for English 'village , city ' and 'darya/daryo ' for a large river or sea .
See also
Surkhan Darya
Termez
References
Rivers of Uzbekistan
SLAF Pidurutalagala is the Sri Lanka Air Force radar station at the summit of Mount Pidurutalagala . It provides air surveillance and early warning and is home to the No 7 Air Defence Radar Squadron . A Chinese JY-11 Radar low/medium altitude 3D surveillance radar has been installed since 2008 as part of the National Air Defence System of Sri Lanka .
References
Sri Lanka Air Force bases
Buildings and structures in Nuwara Eliya District
Mänd is a common surname in Estonia ( meaning pine ) , and may refer to :
Ahti Mänd ( born 1958 ) , politician
Heljo Mänd ( born 1926 ) , children 's writer
( born 1954 ) , zoologist
Tarmo Mänd ( born 1950 ) , politician
See also
Männik
Estonian-language surnames
Cyrioides imperialis , commonly known as the banksia jewel beetle , is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to southeastern Australia . The Danish naturalist Johan Christian Fabricius was the first to describe it in 1801 , and it still bears its original name .
The adult measures 3.8 cm ( 1.5 in ) long , and is a gold and black colour with an elongated body . Female beetles lay their eggs in the bark of a tree , after which the larvae hatch and tunnel into the wood . Several species of the genus Banksia , including B. serrata , B. integrifolia and B. marginata are host plants for the larval and adult stages . Other adult host plants recorded include B. spinulosa , Leptospermum polygalifolium , and Isopogon species .
References
Buprestidae
Beetles described in 1801
Elections were held in the organized municipalities in the Nipissing District of Ontario on October 27 , 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Bonfield
Calvin
Chisholm
East Ferris
Mattawa
Mattawan
North Bay
Papineau-Cameron
South Algonquin
Temagami
West Nipissing
References
Results
Nipissing
Nipissing District
is a private university in Okayama , Okayama , Japan . The school first opened as a junior college in 1962 and became a four-year college in 2002 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2002
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Okayama
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
2002 establishments in Japan
The jambandu indigobird ( Vidua raricola ) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae . It is also known as the goldbreast indigobird .
It is found in Benin , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Ghana , Guinea , Ivory Coast , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , South Sudan and Togo . Its habitat is savannah and brush .
References
Jambandu indigobird
Birds of West Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Jambandu indigobird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
RedBrick Health is a health technology and services company based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . RedBrick Health is privately held and works with large , self-insured employers , progressive health plans , providers and accountable care organizations .
History
RedBrick Health was founded in 2006 by the founders and former management team members of Definity Health . At Definity Health , RedBrick Health 's founders helped create Health Reimbursement Accounts , the predecessor to Health Savings Accounts .
RedBrick Health launched its services to its first client in the fall of 2007 and published its first year-over-year health improvement and cost-savings results in early 2009 .
RedBrick Health has received $ 45 million in venture capital funding from Highland Capital Partners , Versant Ventures , Fidelity Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers .
References
Companies established in 2006
Companies based in Minneapolis
Health care companies based in Minnesota
Medical and health organizations based in Minnesota
The Rebra is a right tributary of the river Someșul Mare in Romania . Its source is in the Rodna Mountains . It discharges into the Someșul Mare near Rebrișoara . Its length is and its basin size is . The upper reach of the river , upstream from the confluence with the Gușatul Mare at Gura Rebra , is also known as Rebrișoara .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Ardanaz is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés , in Navarre province , Spain , Spain . As of 2020 , it has a population of 74 .
Geography
Ardanaz is located 10km east of Pamplona .
References
Populated places in Navarre
The green longtail ( Urolais epichlorus ) is a bird species of the family Cisticolidae , in the monotypic genus Urolais . It is found in the Cameroon line ( including Bioko ) . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and dry savanna .
References
Ryan , Peter ( 2006 ) . Family Cisticolidae ( Cisticolas and allies ) . pp . 378–492 in del Hoyo J. , Elliott A . & Christie D.A . ( 2006 ) Handbook of the Birds of the World . Volume 11 . Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers '' Lynx Edicions , Barcelona
green longtail
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
green longtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Neil Crosby is an academic valuer , Professor of Real Estate at the University of Reading .
He has been instrumental in changing property valuation practices in the United Kingdom through a series of journal publications in the late 1980s and early 1990s , which dealt with questions of investment property valuation methodology , and through an influential book ( Property Investment Appraisal , co-authored with Andrew Baum and now nearing its third edition ) . The RICS adopted the 'Short-cut DCF ' method ( a.k.a . the 'Real-value ' method ) proposed by Crosby , in the 1997 Valuation Information Paper : Commercial Investment Property - Valuation Methods .
In 2002 , he was awarded the International Real Estate Society 's annual achievement award for his work in real estate research , education and practice .
See also
Income approach
Further reading
Baum , A. and Crosby , N. ( 1988 ) Property Investment Appraisal ( Second Edition ) , Routledge , London .
RICS ( 1997 ) `` Commercial Investment Property : Valuation Methods - An Information Paper .
References
External links
Professor Neil Crosby , official web-page at the University of Reading .
Academics of the University of Reading
Valuation professionals
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
`` To Be a Lover '' is a song written by William Bell and Booker T. Jones originally as `` I Forgot to Be Your Lover '' , but best known as a cover by Billy Idol on his 1986 album Whiplash Smile . As the album 's lead single , it became Idol 's second top ten hit in the US , peaking at No . 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No . 22 on the UK Singles Chart .
William Bell recording
The song was written by William Bell and Booker T. Jones , and originally performed by Bell as a soul ballad titled `` I Forgot to Be Your Lover '' . It was released in late 1968 and hitting No . 45 on the Hot 100 and No . 10 on Billboard′s Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles chart in early 1969 . This version has since been sampled by Ludacris on his song `` Growing Pains '' from Word of Mouf , by Jaheim on `` Put That Woman First '' from Still Ghetto and by Dilated Peoples on the song `` Worst Comes to Worst '' .
Other soul interpretations
The Mad Lads released a lush orchestral soul version of the song on their 1973 album A New Beginning , also released by Stax/Volt .
Reggae versions
In 1971 , Lee `` Scratch '' Perry produced an early reggae version of the song , performed in an uptempo style by Shenley Duffus with Perry 's studio band the Upsetters , with the title shortened to `` To Be a Lover '' . In 1977 , Perry again produced the song , this time for George Faith . This version , also called simply `` To be a Lover '' , was heavily shaped by Perry 's Black Ark sound and effects and featured backing vocals from the Meditations and Mighty Diamonds . It appeared on Faith 's album Super Eight , which was released as To Be a Lover in the UK .
Billy Idol version
In 1986 , the track was reworked and became the second high-profile cover song Billy Idol released as a single , after 1981 's `` Mony Mony '' . Billy Idol was introduced to the song by the George Faith reggae version—he initially was unaware of the original William Bell release , and so retained the truncated title `` To Be a Lover '' . He more radically transformed the song , adding a more rockabilly feel and danceable beat to its soulful underpinnings .
The single was backed by Whiplash Smile album track `` All Summer Single '' . Two different 12″ singles were also released worldwide ( one in the UK and one in Australia ) , featuring the aforementioned track and two extended remixes of `` To Be a Lover ( Mother of Mercy Mix ) '' ( 6:45 ) and `` Rock 'n ' Roll Mix '' ( Australia and New Zealand only ) . The `` Mother of Mercy Mix '' differs quite significantly from the single version ; it is a harder sounding song , with a prominent heavy guitar riff by Steve Stevens dominating most of the track and an interlude with distorted female groans . It is this version that is featured on the 1987 US and 1988 Japan editions of the remix compilation album Vital Idol . The UK 12″ was also released as a limited-edition picture disc .
Billboard called it a `` foot-twitching disco/rockabilly fusion . '' Cash Box said it 's `` full of ... bad boy sexiness . ''
Formats and track listings
7″ : Chrysalis - IDOL 8 ( UK )
`` To Be a Lover '' ( 3:50 )
`` All Summer Single '' ( 4:33 )
12″ : Chrysalis - IDOLX 8 ( UK )
`` To Be a Lover ( Mother of Mercy Mix ) '' ( 6:45 )
`` To Be a Lover '' ( 3:50 )
`` All Summer Single '' ( 4:33 )
Also available as a picture disc ( IDOLP 8 )
12″ : Festival Records - X 14449 ( Australia and New Zealand )
`` To Be a Lover ( Rock 'n ' Roll Mix ) '' ( 7:11 )
`` To Be a Lover ( Mother of Mercy Mix ) '' ( 6:45 )
`` All Summer Single '' ( 4:33 )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Notes
References
1968 songs
1968 singles
1977 singles
1986 singles
Billy Idol songs
Chrysalis Records singles
Songs written by Booker T. Jones
Songs written by William Bell ( singer )
Festival Records singles
Deimantė Rimkutė ( born 29 June 1998 ) is a Lithuanian politician who has been serving as a Vilnius City Councillor since April , 2019 .
Biography
Deimantė Rimkutė graduated from Vilnius Jonas Basanavičius gymnasium in 2017 and became a Vilnius University law student . She is among the top 5 % of students of her generation .
Since her teen years , Rimkutė has volunteered in Lithuanian and internetional NGOs : since 2014 she is a member of Lithuanian Liberal Youth , in 2016–2017 she was a chairwoman of Vilnius Liberal Youth Organisation . Since 2018 she is a Bureau Member ( Campaigns and Training Officer ) of European Liberal Youth . In autumn of 2018 , she has also joined Vilnius branch of European Law Students ' Association .
She took part in 2019 Vilnius municipal elections with liberal Remigijus Šimašius 's list `` For Vilnius , which we are proud of ! '' getting elected with 16,207 personal votes ( the 2nd-best result in Vilnius and the 4th in Lithuania ) . Since June , 2019 , she is a Freedom Party board member .
Deimantė Rimkutė speaks English and is interested in law , political philosophy , European politics , travelling and writing articles for media .
In 2016 she was awarded with The Duke of Edinburgh 's Award bronze . In 2018 she collaborated on European Liberal Forum monography .
References
External links
Biography in Lithuanian ( vrk.lt )
1998 births
Living people
21st-century Lithuanian politicians
21st-century Lithuanian women politicians
Politicians from Vilnius
Freedom Party ( Lithuania ) politicians
The English Spy is the fifteenth in Daniel Silva 's Gabriel Allon series . It was released on June 30 , 2015 and reached the top of the New York Times bestseller list on July 19 . With the ever-changing political climate , he faces challenges in writing an Israeli protagonist .
References
External links
The English Spy
Novels by Daniel Silva
2015 American novels
Camilla Josefine Holmgren ( born 11 April 1993 ) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman and member of the Swedish national ice hockey team , currently playing with Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam of the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) .
International career
Holmgren was selected for the Sweden women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . She played in all six games , not recording a point .
Holmgren made three appearances for the Sweden women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , with the first in 2009 . This included winning a bronze medal in 2010 .
She represented Sweden at the 2019 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Brynäs IF Dam players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Älvkarleby Municipality
Swedish women 's ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Uppsala County
Jonathan Cartwright may refer to :
Jonathan Cartwright , character in The Ambassador 's Daughter ( 1956 film )
Jonathan Cartwright , political candidate in Wigan Council election , 2008
Jonathan Cartwright ( Arrowverse ) , character in the Arrowverse franchise
Aprophata eximia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Newman in 1842 , originally under the genus Abryna . It is known from the Philippines .
Varietas
Aprophata eximia var . cuprea ( Westwood , 1863 )
Aprophata eximia var . purpureonigricans ( Westwood , 1863 )
Aprophata eximia var . viridis ( Westwood , 1863 )
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1842
Baeoglossa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :
Baeoglossa melanaria ( Boheman , 1846 )
Baeoglossa villosa ( Thunberg , 1806 )
References
Anthiinae ( beetle )
is a Japanese media franchise created by Sanrio in November 2015 . The Sanrio Boys were conceptualized as a social media project to promote merchandise for Sanrio 's best-selling characters . Due to its popularity , it grew to have its own merchandise line , a manga series , a series of character drama CDs , a 2016 smartphone game for iOS and Android , and an anime television series by Pierrot aired from January 6 to March 24 , 2018 .
Background
The Sanrio Boys were created by Sanrio in November 2015 to promote merchandise for their best-selling characters on social media , a strategy of which has been compared to Twitter accounts run by characters from Uta no Prince-sama . The Sanrio Boys originally consisted of five characters , but has since then expanded to seven . The characters were so well-received that they received their own line of character merchandise starting in June 2016 .
Characters
Sanrio Boys
Kota is a fan of Pompompurin and was given a plush toy from his grandmother as a child . He is embarrassed to openly admit he likes Pompompurin until he meets Yu and Shunsuke .
Yu is Kota 's outgoing classmate who is open about his love for My Melody . He is popular with his classmates for his friendly and sociable personality .
Shunsuke is the ace striker of the soccer team and a fan of Hello Kitty , who he refers to with respect . He has a serious and stoic personality .
Ryo is a shy and beautiful first year student who likes Kiki and Lala from Little Twin Stars .
Seiichiro is the president of the student council and a member of the archery team . He loves Cinnamoroll .
Subaru is a wannabe delinquent who loves Badtz-Maru . He was introduced in April 2017 .
Naoki is a biology teacher who loves Keroppi . He was introduced in April 2017 .
Kansai Sanrio Boys
Yumenosuke is a fan of Hello Kitty . He was first introduced as a character for Miracle Stage : Sanrio Boys at Sanrio Expo 2018 .
Torao is a friend of Yumenosuke who loves Kuromi . thanks to him . He was first introduced as a character for Miracle Stage : Sanrio Boys at Sanrio Expo 2018 .
Tomohiro is the president of the mandolin guitar club . He is a fan of Pochacco . He was first introduced as a character for Miracle Stage : Sanrio Boys at Sanrio Expo 2018 .
Yuzu is Tomohiro 's roommate/childhood friend and a fan of Kirimi . He was first introduced as a character for Miracle Stage : Sanrio Boys at Sanrio Expo 2018 .
Fujita is a teacher who loves Tuxedo Sam . He was first introduced as a character for Miracle Stage : Sanrio Boys at Sanrio Expo 2018 .
Secondary characters
Yuri is Yū 's younger sister and is in middle school . She has a strained relationship with him , and disapproves of him liking My Melody .
Media
Manga
Sanrio Boys was adapted into two manga adaptations written and illustrated by Mai Ando , with both manga series running concurrently . , which features the Sanrio Boys ' daily lives , was published on the mobile app Manga One starting April 2016. , which features one of the Sanrio Boys being romantically involved with a girl , was serialized in the magazine Sho-Comi starting from its June 2016 issue . Both were compiled into volume format and released under the title Sanrio Boys under Shogakukan 's Flower Comics imprint .
Game
A visual novel style dating sim game was released onto Android and iOS under the name on September 13 , 2016 . The theme song is `` Fun ! Fantastic Girl '' , produced by Elements Garden and performed by the voice actors of Sanrio Boys . Approximately 100,000 users downloaded the game during the first six days of release .
Anime
An anime adaptation of Sanrio Boys was announced in the fifth issue of the 2017 edition of Shogakukan 's Sho-Comi magazine . The series is directed by Masashi Kudō and written by Takashi Aoshima , and the anime production is handled by Pierrot . The anime aired Japan from January 6 to March 24 , 2018 . The series is licensed by Ponycan USA in North America , who are simulcasting the series on Crunchyroll . The anime has 12 episodes .
Stage play
A stage play titled Miracle☆Stage Sanrio Boys was announced at the end of episode 12 of the anime . The play is directed by Masami Itō , with the script written by Shinjirō Kameda , the choreography by Tetsuharu , and the music composed by Yu . The main cast consists of Naoya Kitagawa as Kōta , Hiroki Sasamori as Yū , Tsubasa Yoshizawa as Shunsuke , Yū Miyazaki as Ryō , Shinichi Wagō as Seiichiro , Kōhei Kishi as Subaru Amagaya , and Jin Hiramaki as Naoki .
Five new characters created exclusively for the play were revealed at Sanrio Expo 2018 . The play ran from November 29 to December 9 , 2018 , at The Galaxy Theatre in Tokyo . The final show on December 9 was live streamed on Niconico to Japanese residents . Pompompurin , My Melody , and Hello Kitty made guest appearances at alternating shows .
Reception
As of April 5 , 2018 the manga had 200,000 copies in print .
Rebecca Silverman of Anime News Network gave the anime series a mixed review , mentioning that while the first half of the series was well-written , the second half of the series `` took a nosedive '' and felt like an `` overt advertisement . ''
References
External links
Official website
Official website ( game )
Official website ( anime )
Crunchyroll anime
Mass media franchises
Pierrot ( company )
Sanrio
Shogakukan manga
Shōjo manga
Slice of life anime and manga
Fereej Al Murra ( ) is a district in Qatar , located in the municipality of Al Rayyan .
In the 2015 census , it was listed as a district of zone no . 55 which has a population of 283,675 and also includes Bu Sidra , Al Aziziya , Al Waab , Fereej Al Soudan , Muaither , Al Mearad , New Fereej Al Ghanim , Fereej Al Manaseer and Al Sailiya .
It borders Bu Sidra to the west , the Doha Industrial Area to the south , Ain Khaled to the east and south-east , New Fereej Al Ghanim to the east , and Al Aziziya to the north .
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Gardermoen is an area at the border of the municipalities Nannestad and Ullensaker in Viken , Norway . In 1998 , it had a population of 259 people . Oslo Airport , Gardermoen , Gardermoen Air Station , Norwegian Armed Forces Aircraft Collection and Oslo Airport Station ( train station ) are located in the area .
Gardermoen is a compound of the farm name Garder and the finite form of mo m 'moor ; drill ground ' ( thus 'the moor belonging to the farm Garder ' ) . The farm is first mentioned in 1328 ( Garðar ) , and the name is the plural of Norse garðr m 'fence ' . The meaning is probably 'enclosure ; fenced fields ' .
Road routes through Gardermoen
European route E6
European route E16
References
Ullensaker
Villages in Akershus
The 20 Bristol and Exeter Railway 4-2-2 locomotives were broad gauge 4-2-2 express steam locomotives built for the Bristol and Exeter Railway by the Stothert and Slaughter in Bristol . The first entered service in 1849 . The Bristol and Exeter Railway was amalgamated into the Great Western Railway on 1 January 1876 and eight 4-2-2s survived at this time , the last being withdrawn in 1889 .
Three of the infamous 4-2-4T locomotives were rebuilt by the Great Western Railway in 1877 as 4-2-2 tender locomotives .
List of locomotives
1849 batch
The Bristol and Exeter Railway 's first express passenger locomotives , similar in appearance to the GWR Iron Duke Class .
1 ( 1849 – 1875 )
2 ( 1849 – 1872 )
3 ( 1849 – 1874 )
4 ( 1849 – 1871 )
5 ( 1849 – 1871 )
6 ( 1849 – 1870 )
7 ( 1849 – 1885 ) GWR No . 2007
8 ( 1849 – 1872 )
9 ( 1849 – 1889 ) GWR No . 2008
10 ( 1849 – 1888 ) GWR No . 2009
11 ( 1849 – 1874 )
12 ( 1849 – 1862 )
13 ( 1849 – 1878 ) GWR No . 2010
14 ( 1849 – 1870 )
15 ( 1849 – 1888 ) GWR No . 2011
16 ( 1849 – 1875 )
17 ( 1849 – 1885 ) GWR No . 2012
18 ( 1849 – 1880 ) GWR No . 2013
19 ( 1849 – 1888 ) GWR No . 2014
20 ( 1849 – 1874 )
GWR 4-2-2 rebuilds
Following rebuilding as 4-2-2 tender locomotives at Swindon , the three remaining 8 feet 10 inch 4-2-4T locomotives had slightly smaller 8 feet diameter driving wheels and worked alongside the rigid-framed GWR Rover class and the remaining 1849-built ex-Bristol and Exeter Railway 4-2-2 locomotives on express passenger trains .
2001 ( 1877 – 1889 ) Previously B & ER 42/GWR 2004 )
2002 ( 1877 – 1890 )
2003 ( 1877 – 1884 )
References
Broad gauge ( 7 feet ) railway locomotives
4-2-2 locomotives
Bristol and Exeter Railway locomotives
Avonside locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1849
Scrapped locomotives
Cumberland High School is a co-educational comprehensive secondary school ( high school ) located in the north-western metropolitan Western Sydney region of New South Wales , Australia .
History
Cumberland High School opened in January 1962 with an initial intake of 270 students in First Form ( now known as Year 7 ) . This student cohort commenced high school under the Wyndham Scheme , which extended New South Wales high school from five to six years and placed a greater emphasis on science and mathematics .
The foundation headmaster was George Heery ( 1962–1965 ) , who was responsible for the selection of the original school colours ( brown , green and white ) , the school motto `` Finis Coronat Opus '' , ( `` the end crowns the work '' ) and the Cumberland school song .
In addition to students from Carlingford , early students were drawn from as far afield as Pennant Hills , West Pennant Hills , and Beecroft to the north ; from Epping , Ermington and Rydalmere to the east ; from Dundas , Dundas Valley and Telopea to the south ; and North Parramatta to the south-west . Subsequently , the student catchment area contracted with the establishment of nearby high schools , particularly Castle Hill High School ( 1963 ) , Pennant Hills High School ( 1966 ) , Carlingford High School ( 1968 ) , and Muirfield High School ( 1976 ) .
In 2008 , four Cumberland students took part in the Beijing Olympics , as members of the Olympic Games Orchestra .
Campus
Cumberland High is located at 183 Pennant Hills Road , Carlingford , New South Wales .
The site was originally part of portions 100 , 101 in the Parish of Field of Mars , County of Cumberland . Portion 101 was granted to William Evans by Lieutenant Governor Francis Grose on 11 April 1794 . The grant is described in the Grant Register as `` laying and situated at The Ponds adjoining Carver 's Farm '' . Portion 100 was granted to William Butts on 19 November 1794 , and described in the Grant Register as `` laying and situated in the district of The Ponds '' .
The site is separated with blocks lettered with a certain letter .
The current principal for Cumberland is Mechel Pikoulas .
Student profile
The school has a traditional format and organization . Its administration places emphasis on discipline and requires students to wear a school uniform . The school is populated with 35 % of students coming from outside the school 's designated local area . Students come from families that are very diverse , socially and economically . In recent years , there has been an increase in enrolment by non-English speaking students ( 56 % in 2005 ) with 35 % of all students receiving English as a second language ( ESL ) program support . In 2005 , 37 international students were enrolled , out of a total of 769 .
Notable teachers
Sándor Rozsnyói , ( Alex Rozsnyoi ) World record holder , 3000 metre steeplechase ( athletics ) . Silver medal , 3000 metre steeplechases , 1956 Summer Olympics . Gold medal , 3000 metre steeplechases , 1954 European Championships .
Michael Naray , attended the 2008 Olympics in Beijing , participating in archery . He played for Australia .
Notable alumni
Ray Price , Parramatta , NSW and Australian representative in Rugby Union and Rugby League .
Alex Hawke MP , Member of the House of Representatives for Mitchell ( 2007–present )
Jeni Klugman , B.Ec. , LL.B. , ( Sydney ) , 1988 NSW Rhodes Scholar . First New South Wales female Rhodes Scholar .
Peter Gilmore ( chef ) , award winning Chef at Quay Sydney , rated in the world 's Top 50 Restaurants
References
External links
Public high schools in Sydney
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1984 to 1988 that served as constituencies that elected Members of Parliament ( MPs ) to the 6th Parliament of Singapore in the 1984 Singaporean general elections . The number of seats in Parliament had increased by 4 to 79 seats .
For the first time since the 1968 Singaporean general elections , 2 opposition candidates were elected to Parliament : Chiam See Tong in Potong Pasir , and J . B. Jeyaretnam in Anson .
Constituencies
References
External links
1984
The Fișer is a left tributary of the river Cozd in Romania . It discharges into the Cozd in Rupea . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
Leonardo Castellanos y Castellanos ( November 5 , 1862 in Ecuandureo , Michoacán − May 19 , 1912 ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop .
Ordained to the priesthood on March 20 , 1886 , Castellanos y Castellanos was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tabasco , Mexico in 1908 and died in 1912 while still in office .
References
1862 births
1912 deaths
People from Michoacán
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
Roman Catholic bishops of Tabasco
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
The Gorilla sculpture by David Wynne stands beside the Lower Lake in Crystal Palace Park , in Bromley in south-east London . Completed in 1961 and installed in 1962 , the black marble sculpture depicts Guy the Gorilla , a western lowland gorilla brought from West Africa to London Zoo in 1947 . It became a Grade II listed structure in 2016 .
Background
Guy the Gorilla was born at some point in 1946 in what was then French Cameroon . Captured in 1947 , he arrived at London Zoo on 5 November 1947 ( Guy Fawkes Day ) and was christened `` Guy '' . He became one of the zoo 's major attractions , famed for his gentle disposition . He died in 1978 of a heart attack while under general anaesthetic during an operation to extract a tooth . His taxidermied remains are displayed at the entrance to the `` Treasures '' gallery in the central Hintze Hall at the Natural History Museum . In addition to the sculpture at Crystal Palace Park , Guy is also commemorated by a bronze statue by William Timym , which was installed at London Zoo in 1982 .
In 1959 , David Wynne was commissioned through London County Council 's Patronage of the Arts Scheme to create a large animal sculpture , with the site to be determined later . Wynne had studied zoology at the University of Cambridge , and he chose the popular Guy the Gorilla as his subject . The work was completed in 1961 , and the finished sculpture was installed in 1962 near the children 's zoo at Crystal Palace Park . ( The children 's zoo closed around 1990 . ) The statue was subsequently credited with launching Wynne 's artistic career . Never popular with the art establishment , Wynne 's figurative sculptures , mainly of animals but also of such people of note as Thomas Beecham , John Gielgud and The Beatles , won affection from the public . Among his most controversial works was the centrepiece to the Queen Elizabeth Gate at Hyde Park Corner . Wynne died in 2014 .
Description
The sculpture of Guy the Gorilla is made of polished black fossiliferous Belgian marble and stands high on a marble base with a roughly finished granite plinth . The base bears the sculptor 's name and the date— '' '' —and the title `` GORILLA '' is carved into the plinth . The gorilla is standing on all fours : Wynne wanted the `` powerful '' form to convey `` all his feelings of awe and terror and love for this mighty beast '' . Jo Darke , in her history of English and Welsh monuments , notes that Wynne 's intention for the piece to be an interactive sculpture was achieved ; `` children pat , stroke and climb as well as look '' .
It stands on the north side of the Lower Lake in Crystal Palace Park , near the park café . The Crystal Palace Dinosaurs are installed on an island further around the lake : Pevsner notes that Guy is `` a recent addition to the herd '' . The work was listed at Grade II , the grading given to buildings and structures of `` special interest '' , in 2016 . The park itself is listed at Grade II * in the Register of Parks and Gardens , and the Crystal Palace Dinosaurs have a Grade I listing .
See also
Harambe , 2021 statue in New York City
Notes
Sources
External links
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Bromley
Marble sculptures in the United Kingdom
Outdoor sculptures in London
1961 sculptures
Grade II listed public art
Gorillas in art
The Otterbach is a stream , 42 kilometres long , in South Palatinate in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate , that flows eastwards and northeastwards towards the Upper Rhine .
Course
The Otterbach rises in the area of the Upper Mundat Forest in the southeast of the Palatine Forest . Its source lies at a height of about 300 metres on the hillside east of Guttenberg Castle between the Hohe Derst ( 561 m high , to the north ) and the Hoher Kopf ( 497 m high , to the south ) .
After breaking out of the low mountain range into the Upper Rhine Valley , the Otterbach flows through the two villages named after it , Oberotterbach and Niederotterbach , then through Vollmersweiler and Freckenfeld , where it passes the northern edge of the Bienwald woods . In Minfeld it is joined from the left by the Dierbach , and then forms the border between the districts of Kandel and Wörth . In Kandel , the Bruchbach enters it from the right . The Otterbach meanders markedly on its way through Jockgrim . After it has passed through Neupotz , it is impounded southeast of Leimersheim to form the Fischmal , a reservoir 1½ kilometres long and up to 100 metres wide that is a biotope for many aquatic birds and plants .
Whilst some of the Otterbach 's waters are diverted to the right through a pumping station on the Rhine embankment directly into the Rhine itself , the left-hand branch of the river flows through the village of Leimersheim and is united there with the Erlenbach coming from the left to form the Michelsbach . This is a former loop of the Old Rhine that discharges after a good twelve kilometres from the left into the Rhine .
Despite the route of its lower reaches , the Otterbach is counted as a direct tributary of the Rhine ( or the Leimersheim Old Rhine - Leimersheimer Altrheins - flowing eastwards ) , something that is also acknowledged by the GKZs ( Michelsbach 23754 , Otterbach 237522 ) ..
See also
List of rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
References
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
Anterior Palatinate
South Palatinate
Rivers of Germany
Edward Synge may refer to :
Edward Synge ( bishop of Cork , Cloyne and Ross ) ( died 1678 ) , previously Bishop of Limerick , Ardfert and Aghadoe
Edward Synge ( archbishop of Tuam ) ( 1659–1741 ) , previously Bishop of Raphoe
Edward Synge ( bishop of Elphin ) ( 1691–1762 ) , previously Bishop of Clonfert & Kilmacduagh , Bishop of Cloyne , and Bishop of Ferns & Leighlin
Edward Hutchinson Synge ( 1890–1957 ) , inventor of the near-field optical microscope
Edward Synge ( priest ) ( 1726–1792 ) , Anglican priest in Ireland
The history of the Jews in Uzbekistan refers to the history of two distinct communities ; the more religious and traditional Bukharan Jewish community and the , Europe-extracted Ashkenazi community .
There were 94,900 Jews in Uzbekistan in 1989 , but fewer than 5,000 remained in 2007 ( most of them in Tashkent ) .
There are 12 synagogues in Uzbekistan .
Most Uzbek Jews are now Ashkenazi due to the immigration of Bukharan Jews to Israel and the United States .
Fergana Jewish community
Semyon Abdurakhmanov is the head of the Fergana Jewish community . There are six synagogues in the Valley . There are several hundred Jews in Fergana , Namangan , and Kokand , with about 800 total in the area . Abdurakhmanov has said that the biggest problem faced by the Jewish Uzbek community is the economy .
During the Andijan Massacre in May 2005 , the Israeli Embassy in Tashkent asked Abdurakhmanov to make a list of Jews `` in case there will be a need to airlift people to Israel . ''
Historical demographics
The Jewish population of Uzbekistan ( then known as the Uzbek SSR ) nearly tripled between 1926 and 1970 , then slowly declined between 1970 and 1989 , followed by a much more rapid decline since 1989 , when the collapse of Communism began . According to the Soviet census , there were 103,000 Jews in Uzbekistan in 1970 .
Between 1989 and 2002 , over ninety percent of Uzbekistan 's Jewish population left Uzbekistan and moved to other countries , mostly to Israel .
See also
History of the Jews in Central Asia
References
Square Pharmaceuticals Ltd. is a Bangladeshi multinational pharmaceutical company . It was founded in 1958 by Samson H. Chowdhury along with three of his friends PK Saha , Kazi Harunur Roshid and Radhabinod Rai as a private firm . It went public in 1991 and is listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange and on the Chittagong Stock Exchange ( ID of SPL : 13002 ) Square Pharmaceutical started to export different antibiotics and medicine across the world from 1987 . Now it exports its medicine to 36 countries of the world .
In 2008 and 2009 it had the highest market share in the pharmaceutical industry of Bangladesh . For the last couple of years , it has been seeing double digit revenue every year . the Forbes list said Square Pharmaceutical Company of Bangladesh , involved in drug and chemical business , has sales volume worth $ 512 million . The local pharma 's market capital is $ 1.7 billion . Its net income is $ 150 million and has employed 9,240 people .
References
External links
Company website
Companies based in Dhaka
Pharmaceutical companies of Bangladesh
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1958
Bangladeshi brands
Vaccine producers
Pakistani companies established in 1958
Robert `` Bob '' Adams ( 20 December 1924 – February 23 , 2019 ) was a Canadian decathlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics . He also represented Canada at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games , taking part in the pole vault and high jump disciplines . He was born in Alsask , Saskatchewan .
References
1924 births
2019 deaths
Sportspeople from Saskatchewan
Canadian decathletes
Canadian male pole vaulters
Canadian male high jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
The Dahner Felsenland , also referred to as the Dahn Rockland , is a landscape in the county of Südwestpfalz in the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate . It is located in the middle section of the Wasgau , which in turn forms the southern part of the Palatine Forest and the northern part of the Vosges in France . The Dahner Felsenland has numerous rock formations within the South Palatinate Climbing Area ( Klettergebiet Südpfalz ) .
Geographic location
The landscape covers almost the same area as the collective municipality of the same name , which incorporates the town of Dahn and 14 villages . The Dahner Felsenland is part of the Palatine Forest Nature Park . It lies between 200 m ( valleys ) and 400 m ( hilltops ) high and is drained by the Lauter , which here in its upper reaches is called the Wieslauter , into the River Rhine .
Tourism
The region has been opened up by a large number of waymarked walking routes . In Dahn itself is the Felsenland Youth Hostel which is part of the German Youth Hostel Association .
Sights
In the Dahner Felsenland there are 16 medieval castles or castle ruins as well as numerous rock formations made of bunter sandstone , that are used by sport climbers . Old legends surround rocks like the Jungfernsprung or the Devil 's Table ( Teufelstisch ) ( see the Legend of the Jungfernsprung and Legend of the Devil 's Table ) . Amongst the castles , the Dahn castles , the Berwartstein and the Drachenfels are the best known .
Transport
The Dahner Felsenland may be reached via the A8 motorway ( from the west ) and A 65 motorway ( from the east ) , in each case using the B 10 federal highways that links the two autobahns . The B 427 ( from Hinterweidenthal to Bad Bergzabern ) runs right through the Dahn Valley ( Dahner Tal ) , the originally planned section of the A 8 motorway from Pirmasens to Karlsruhe , running past Dahn , was never realised .
Running parallel to the B 427 in places is a branch of the Queich Valley Railway ( Pirmasens–Landau ) , the Wieslauter Railway that links the villages of Hinterweidenthal in the north and Bundenthal in the south of the Dahner Felsenland . The route was re-opened in 1997 for excursions on Sundays and holidays , after regular passenger services had been terminated in 1966 .
References
External links
Dahner Felsenland
Regions of Rhineland-Palatinate
Südwestpfalz
South Palatinate
Natural regions of the Palatinate Forest
Geography of the Palatinate ( region )
Landscapes of Rhineland-Palatinate
Southern Garrett High School is a public high school in Oakland , Maryland , United States , that houses over 700 students from the Southern Garrett County vicinity . The school mascot is a Ram and the school colors are red and white .
References
Oakland , Maryland
Public high schools in Maryland
High schools in Garrett County , Maryland
Kurt Sitte ( 1 December 1910 - 20 June 1993 ) was a nuclear physicist , originally from northern Bohemia .
As a result of frontier changes , he grew up , after 1919 , in Czechoslovakia , and from 1938 found himself a citizen of an enlarged Germany . It was primarily because of his political activism that he was detained at the Buchenwald concentration camp between September 1939 and April 1944 . Having survived this internment , his scientific skills opened up a range of career options internationally : between 1945 he lived and worked successively in Scotland , England , the United States , Brazil and Israel .
Kurt Sitte was arrested on espionage charges on 15 June 1960 and , as Israel 's first convicted spy , spent the next three and a half years in prison . Early release , in March 1963 , resulted from his `` good behaviour '' , at which point he was quoted as saying that he would be `` glad '' to continue to work in Israel , but shortly after this he took West German citizenship and relocated to Freiburg where he pursued his academic career at the university .
Life
Provenance and early years
Kurt Sitte was born in Reichenberg , a mid-sized city in North Bohemia that had industrialised and grown rapidly during the previous century . Even after the termination of Austro-Hungary and the transfer of Reichenberg to the new state of Czechoslovakia in 1919 , Reichenberg remained ethnically , linguistically and culturally a German city right up till 1944/45 . Kurt Sitte 's father , also called Kurt Sitte , was a head teacher and a painter . After completing his Abitur ( school leaving exams ) , Kurt Sitte moved on to the Charles-Ferdinand ( German ) University in Prague where he studied Maths and Physics , and where he obtained his doctorate in 1932 . His habilitation , which was in Physics , followed just three years later , in 1935 , after which he took a teaching position . He also presided over a leftist discussion group known as `` Die Tat '' ( `` the deed '' ) back in Reichenberg and participated in the Sudeten German Anti-Nazi Resistance movement . At the time of the Sudeten Crisis ( and shortly before the Munich Agreement ) , Kurt Sitte was a co-founder , on 18 September 1938 , of the `` National Council of all Peace motivated Sudeten Germans '' ( `` Nationalrats aller friedenswilligen Sudetendeutschen '' ) .
At some point around 1938 Kurt Sitte married Kheda Kraus , a nurse working in Prague . The marriage would end in divorce . His wife remarried in 1958 .
Buchenwald
In March 1939 , soon after Czechoslovakia had been annexed to Germany , Sitte was expelled from the university and arrested . He was imprisoned briefly in Prague and then moved to the Dachau concentration camp before he and his wife , as `` political detainees '' , were transferred to Buchenwald in September 1939 . Sitte was not Jewish , but his wife was , in part .
Early in 1942 Sitte began working in the SS-Pathology department at the concentration camp where he was employed as a deputy to the `` Kapo '' . Wegerer was a chemical engineer , and according to Eugen Kogon , who was also held at Buchenwald and survived , Wegerer and Sitte provided training courses on medical and biological topics to interested fellow inmates . Another beneficiary of their erudition was the concentration camp doctor , Waldemar Hoven who during this time obtained a doctorate with a dissertation entitled `` Investigations into the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis through the inhalation of colloidal carbon '' ( `` Versuche zur Behandlung der Lungentuberkulose durch Inhalation von Kohlekolloid '' ) . It subsequently transpired that the dissertation had been compiled by Wegerer and Sitte .
As the end of the war approached , on 11 April 1945 Kurt Sitte was one of those freed from the Buchenwald concentration camp by members of the United States Army . His wife had also survived Buchenwald .
After the war
Between 1946 and 1948 Sitte and his wife lived in Britain where he was employed as a university research fellow at Edinburgh and Manchester . Their son Martin was born in 1946 .
Starting in April 1947 Sitte appeared as a witness at the Buchenwald Trial . He identified examples of `` processed '' human skin from the camp . He testified that the principal processes had taken place at Buchenwald , based on intended uses decided elsewhere . His evidence affected the so-called `` Buchenwald Commander '' , Ilse Koch , whose death sentence was subsequently reduced to a four-year jail term because no incriminating evidence was produced that she had selected prisoners for murder according to the tattoos on their skin , nor that she was in possession of any objects made from human skin . The US military tribunal which reduced her sentence in 1948 based its decision on various considerations , taking the view that her earlier conviction and sentencing had been excessively dependent on hearsay evidence . In this connection Sitte later found himself being questioned about his experiences at Buchenwald by an enquiry commission of the US senate . The senators had got hold of a shrunken head from Buchenwald , and Sitte was able to confirm that it was indeed a human head and that it was one of two shrunken heads formerly in the collection of the SS-Pathology department at the concentration camp . The heads were those of two camp internees who in 1939 or 1940 had attempted to escape from Buchenwald but been caught . They had been physically punished before an assembly of their fellow inmates and later hanged . Even in the context of those times , the power to shock of the testimony Sitte was able to provide stands out .
In 1948 he relocated to the United States , taking a position as a Professor of Physics at Syracuse University . Here he embarked on research in nuclear physics and cosmic radiation . In 1953 he became a member of the New York Academy of Sciences . In the age of McCarthyism , Sitte was the object of official suspicion during his years in the United States , both because of his left-wing politics in the 1930s and because of the contacts he maintained with Czechoslovak communists whom he knew from his time in Buchenwald , and whom he continued to visit even after the Communist take-over in 1948 . It was at the instigation of the FBI that in 1953 Sitte 's residence permit was not renewed , and he accordingly relocated again , this time to Brazil . He took a teaching post as a visiting professor at the University of São Paulo . Shortly afterwards his inclusion on a list of security risks was confirmed when he booked a flight to Rome that included a transfer in New York City . When Sitte asked if he might stay at a hotel overnight the New York authorities refused his request , placed him under a heavy police guard , and bundled him onto the first available flight out of the country , which took him not to Italy , but back to Brazil .
Israeli espionage conviction
By 1954 Kurt Sitte had become widely respected as an expert in nuclear physics , and in October he accepted a post at the Israel Institute of Technology ( `` Technion '' ) in Haifa , where he set up the Nuclear Physics department and became its head . Further official recognition followed in 1955 with his appointment as the president of the Israeli Physics Society . Because of his various offices and duties he also acquired knowledge of research projects in nuclear physics at the Weizmann Institute just outside Tel Aviv and at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Sitte was also entrusted with overseas research contracts , including space projects of the US Air Force . In 1959 he became deputy chief of the supervisory council of the research institute which was dominated by US , British and Canadians , and in this way he became familiar with the practical evaluation of the space research that was undertaken there . Because of his exposed position Sitte was subject to surveillance by the Israeli Intelligence Services . He drew suspicion through his visits to communist Czechoslovakia and because of two stays in the Soviet Union . More brazen still , from the start of the 1960s , was a series of conspiratorial meetings with a blacklisted ( by Israeli intelligence ) Czechoslovak diplomat in various cafés . Early in June 1960 Sitte asked his staff to produce written reports on their research projects .
In the end Sitte was arrested at his villa in Haifa on 15 June 1960 and the property was searched . His arrest was based on the allegation that he had betrayed state secrets to an ( unnamed ) foreign power . In the interrogation that followed Sitte admitted to his contacts with Czechoslovak diplomats . His sister and aging mother were still living in Czechoslovakia , and he testified that he had been keen to protect their positions , and that conversations involving scientific matters had simply involved the free exchange of information among scientists . The Israeli intelligence services reported that Sitte had been afraid that his research on cosmic rays as a potential energy source could lead to a confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union . It was in order to prevent such an outcome that he had divulged information to the Soviets . The actual trial was launched in the Haifa district court on 5 November 1960 . The public were excluded , but it is known that the secret trial involved crimes against the Israeli National Security Act of 1957 . On 7 February Kurt Sitte was sentenced to a five-year jail term for passing on secret information to a foreign power . The sentence was appealed , but without success . However , because of `` good behaviour '' he was released early , on 26 March 1963 .
Professor in Freiburg
In 1963 Kurt Sitte married , as his second wife , Judith Sitte-Amon ( born Judith/Yehudit Krymokowski ) and the couple relocated to West Germany . The couple had a son .
Between 1963 and 1971 Sitte was a professor ( initially a visiting professor ) at the Albert-Ludwig University of Freiburg in the southwest of the country . He combined this , between 1964 and 1967 , with work at the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics in Heidelberg . Between 1970 and 1983 he belonged to the scientific committee of the Cosmo-Geophysical Laboratory of the Italian National Research Council , based in Turin , where he had been employed as a teaching professor between 1966 and 1970 . He was also the author of numerous scientific papers .
References
See also
Scientists from Liberec
German resistance members
Dachau concentration camp survivors
Buchenwald concentration camp survivors
German nuclear physicists
Israeli nuclear physicists
University of Freiburg faculty
Technion – Israel Institute of Technology faculty
Syracuse University faculty
People convicted of spying for Czechoslovakia
Israeli people of German descent
1910 births
1993 deaths
Great Father and Great Mother ( , ) were titles used by European colonial powers in North America along with the United States during the 19th century to refer to the U.S. President , the King of Great Britain , the King of Spain , or the King of France during interactions with indigenous peoples . The expansion to Great White Father may have been popularized by western adventure novels .
History
First Nations peoples and Native Americans most often organized themselves by clan and family ; ties of kinship were considered central to intertribal relations and the understanding of tribal political power . In the Iroquois Confederacy , for instance , the relations between individual bands were metaphorically described using paternal ( parent to child ) , or fraternal ( sibling to sibling ) terms to indicate the importance of two groups in relation to each other . Within this context , and to make themselves better understood during treaty negotiations , British representatives often referred to Jehovah ( aka God or the Lord ) as `` the Great Father '' ( see : Great Spirit ) .
The terms were also used to refer to the British monarchs George III and Queen Victoria as `` the Great Father '' and `` the Great White Mother '' respectively , and to the native people as his or her `` Red Children . '' David Laird invoked the phrase while explaining Treaty 7 to the Blackfoot :
The anthropologist Raymond DeMallie has explained that – due to the nature of Native American society – the use of kinship terms such as `` Great Father '' and `` Great Mother '' was a cunning diplomatic tactic , and not an assertion of Native inferiority . In many cases the representatives who negotiated treaties on behalf of the `` Great Father '' referred to themselves as the `` brothers '' of indigenous peoples ; among some tribes it was a grave offense to refuse anything to a brother .
In the United States , the primacy of the Great Father was promoted through elaborate displays of military pageantry , the use of mystical language to describe the far-removed President , and the distribution of `` peace medals '' bearing the portrait of the sitting head of state ( giving gifts , such as peace medals , further reinforced the paternal nature of the relationship as gift giving , in many Native cultures , was typically reserved for parent-child interaction ) . As in Canada , Native peoples were referred to as the `` children '' of the Great Father ; so intense was the myth created surrounding him that chiefs brought to Washington , D.C. to meet the President often manifested symptoms of terror prior to an audience . Lean Bear , upon being presented to Abraham Lincoln at the White House , reportedly found himself suddenly unable to speak . Winnebago chief Hoowaneka recalled his audience with John Quincy Adams by explaining `` I thought I was in heaven , and the old man there , I thought was the Great Spirit . ''
An example of an invocation of the term `` Great Father '' by an American official can be found in a decree given by Thomas L. McKenney to the Menominee , in which McKenney declares he has received instructions from the Great Father to appoint a head chief with whom the United States could negotiate .
On occasions when territory would pass from the influence of one Western nation to another , the new power might refer to the former Great Father in past-tense , as when William Henry Harrison addressed the Shawnee , declaring that `` my children , let us look back to times that are past . It has been a long time since you called the King of Great Britain your father . '' In the United States , additional titles would sometimes be invoked to explain the political authority of the President to Native Americans , often as a `` chief '' of many `` fires '' ( fire used as a metonym for state ) . In 1791 , for instance , Henry Knox greeted the Miami on behalf of `` General Washington , the Great Chief of the Thirteen Fires , '' while John Adams would come to be known to the same tribe as the `` Great Chief of the Seventeen Fires . ''
See also
Folklore of the United States
Tecumseh 's curse
References
United States federal Indian policy
State ritual and ceremonies
History of indigenous peoples of North America
Titles
The 32nd Academy Awards ceremony , presented by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , was held on April 4 , 1960 , and took place at the RKO Pantages Theatre to honor the best films of 1959 .
The epic drama Ben-Hur won 11 Oscars , breaking the record of nine set the year before by Gigi . Ben-Hur remained the most honored motion picture in Academy Award history until Titanic equaled the feat in 1997 , followed by The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King in 2003 .
Ben-Hur was the third film to win both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor , a feat not repeated until Mystic River in 2003 . Director William Wyler became the third ( and most recent ) person to win more than two Best Director awards ( following Frank Capra and John Ford ) , as well as the only person to direct three Best Picture winners ( following Mrs. Miniver in 1942 and The Best Years of Our Lives in 1946 ) .
During the ceremony , in the category of Best Story and Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen , the absent winner for Pillow Talk , Stanley Shapiro , asked his writing partner and co-winner , Maurice Richlin , to ask presenter Tony Curtis to read his speech that read , `` I 'm trapped downstairs in the gentleman 's lounge . It seems I rented a faulty tuxedo . I 'd like to thank you upstairs for this great honor . '' The audience roared in laughter .
Awards
Nominations announced on February 22 , 1960 . Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface .
Academy Honorary Awards
Buster Keaton `` for his unique talents which brought immortal comedies to the screen '' . ( Statuette )
Lee De Forest `` for his pioneering inventions which brought sound to the motion picture '' . ( Statuette )
Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award
Bob Hope
Presenters and performers
Presenters
Richard Conte and Angie Dickinson ( Presenters : Art Direction Awards )
Gary Cooper ( Presenter : Best Motion Picture )
Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh ( Presenters : Writing Awards )
Edward Curtiss ( Presenter : Cinematography Awards )
Arlene Dahl and Fernando Lamas ( Presenters : Costume Design Awards )
Doris Day ( Presenter : Best Original Song )
Olivia de Havilland ( Presenters : Best Supporting Actor )
Edmond O'Brien ( Presenters : Best Supporting Actress )
Mitzi Gaynor ( Presenter : Documentary Awards )
Haya Harareet ( Presenter : Best Special Effects )
Susan Hayward ( Presenter : Best Actor )
Rock Hudson ( Presenter : Best Actress )
Eric Johnston ( Presenter : Best Foreign Language Film )
B . B. Kahane ( Presenter : Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award )
Gene Kelly ( Presenter : Music Awards )
Hope Lange and Carl Reiner ( Presenters : Short Subjects Awards )
Barbara Rush ( Presenter : Best Film Editing )
Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood ( Presenters : Best Sound Recording )
John Wayne ( Presenter : Best Director )
Performers
Sammy Davis Jr. ( `` High Hopes '' from A Hole in the Head )
Gogi Grant ( `` Strange Are the Ways of Love '' from The Young Land )
Joni James ( `` The Five Pennies '' from The Five Pennies )
Frankie Laine ( `` The Hanging Tree '' from The Hanging Tree )
Frankie Vaughan ( `` The Best of Everything '' from The Best of Everything )
Multiple nominations and awards
These films had multiple nominations :
12 nominations : Ben-Hur
8 nominations : The Diary of Anne Frank and The Nun 's Story
7 nominations : Anatomy of a Murder
6 nominations : Room at the Top and Some Like It Hot
5 nominations : Pillow Talk
4 nominations : The Five Pennies , Porgy and Bess
3 nominations : The Big Fisherman , Career , Journey to the Center of the Earth , North by Northwest , Suddenly , Last Summer and The Young Philadelphians
2 nominations : The Best of Everything , Imitation of Life , The Last Angry Man and On the Beach
The following films received multiple awards .
11 wins : Ben-Hur
3 wins : The Diary of Anne Frank
2 wins : Room at the Top
See also
17th Golden Globe Awards
1959 in film
2nd Grammy Awards
11th Primetime Emmy Awards
12th Primetime Emmy Awards
13th British Academy Film Awards
14th Tony Awards
References
Academy Awards ceremonies
1959 film awards
1960 in Los Angeles
1960 in American cinema
April 1960 events in the United States
Taicheng ( 台城 ) could refer to two township-level divisions of the PRC :
Taicheng Subdistrict ( 台城街道 ) , seat of Taishan City , Guangdong
Taicheng , Wutai County ( 台城鎮 ) , town in Wutai County , Shanxi
Taicheng ( 台城） was the palace of Eastern Wu , Eastern Jin Dynasty and Southern Dynasties during 331 AD ~ 589 AD in Nanjing .
Emerald Pool is the name of several locations .
Yosemite
Emerald Pool is a small , shallow lake , with an area of less than one acre . It is located about 80 meters above Vernal Fall in Yosemite National Park . It is named for its deep green color , which is caused by algae living on the rocks at the bottom of the pool . In the summertime during diminished water flow , the Silver Apron ( a smooth granite slope over which the Merced River flows into the Emerald Pool ) is frequently ( albeit illegally ) used by hikers as a water slide . Swimming or wading in the Emerald Pool or entering the Silver Apron is prohibited by the National Park Service since waders or swimmers have been swept over Vernal Fall and killed , and people sliding down Silver Apron risk collision with hidden rocks at its lower end . This prohibition is clearly marked with signs .
Yuba River
There also is an Emerald Pools destination in California along the Yuba River . The South Yuba River flows down a waterfall into a sheer rock canyon with two pools . The walls around the first pool measure from around to in height with a length of around and width of around . The crystal-clear water is deep , near the middle of the pool , and many people jump off the cliffs for enjoyment . A second pool nearby is nearly as large . Despite the cool water temperature it is a popular swimming spot , particularly among young adults .
Yellowstone National Park
Emerald Pool , a hot spring named for its emerald green color , is one of the main attractions at Black Sand Basin in Yellowstone National Park . Its temperature is 154.6 °F and its dimensions are 27x38 feet with a depth of 25 feet . The color is due to growth of yellow bacteria and algae . Cooling , the result of objects thrown into the pool and natural debris , has affected the growth of the bacteria and algae , making the pool appear orange and brown around the edges .
Others
Other locations named Emerald Pool are in Morne Trois Pitons National Park in Dominica , and in Zion National Park in Utah .
See also
List of lakes in California
Notes
Lakes of Mariposa County , California
Lakes of Yosemite National Park
Geothermal features of Yellowstone National Park
From 1995 to 1999 , the number of animated series with LGBTQ characters dramatically increased the number of series which featured such characters during the earlier part of the decade , from 1990 to 1994 . Prominently , anime such as Revolutionary Girl Utena , Cardcaptor Sakura , and One Piece featured LGBTQ characters . Animated series South Park and Family Guy did the same , compromising the majority of LGBTQ characters in Western animated series at the time .
This list only includes recurring characters , otherwise known as supporting characters , which appear frequently from time to time during the series ' run , often playing major roles in more than one episode , and those in the main cast are listed below . LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay ( in animation and anime ) , lesbian ( in animation and anime ) , bisexual ( in animation and anime ) , trans , pansexual , asexual , non-binary , and intersex characters .
For a further understanding of how these LGBTQ characters fit into the overall history of animation , see the History of LGBT characters in animated series : 1990s page .
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series .
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
List of animated films with LGBT characters
References
Citations
Sources
1990s animated television series
1990s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
Agrarian Party of the Countryside , or ASV is a political party in Slovakia .
In 2009 , the party ran for the 2009 European Parliament elections with an electoral list headed by Peter Kopecký . Kopecký , vice president of the EUDemocrats had previously unsuccessfully tried to found his own party under the label of the Paneuropeist alliance Libertas.eu . ASV received 0.45 % of the votes .
References
External links
Official site
Entry in the official party registry
Agrarian parties
Political parties in Slovakia
Ypsolopha nebulella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from Russia .
The wingspan is 17–18 mm .
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Ashotan I ( , Ashot'an I Mukhranbatoni ) ( died 1561 ) was a Georgian tavadi ( `` prince '' ) of the House of Mukhrani , a collateral branch of the royal Bagrationi dynasty , and a co-prince ( batoni ) of Mukhrani from 1539 to 1561 .
Ashotan was a son of Bagrat I , son of Constantine II of Georgia , by his wife Elene . After the resignation of Bagrat in 1539 , Ashotan acceded as co-prince with his elder brother Vakhtang I . At the same time , he was commander of the Banner of Shida Kartli , one of the key provinces of the Kingdom of Kartli , a successor of the Kingdom of Georgia ruled by his royal cousins . Ashotan followed the tradition of the Georgian royals of patronizing the Iviron monastery on Mount Athos . A refectory at the Iviron commissioned by Ashotan housed the tomb of Catholicos Nicholas V of Georgia . During the Safavid invasion of Georgia in 1554 , Ashotan joined his brothers , Vakhtang and Archil , in their refuge at the court of their sister , Dedisimedi , in Samtskhe . Back to his demesne , Ashotan successfully defended Mukhrani against the attack by the highlanders of Pkhovi in 1561 , but he himself died in the battle .
The identity of Ashotan 's wife is not known , but he had a daughter , Ketevan ( c. 1560 – 13 September 1624 ) , who was married to King David I of Kakheti . She was tortured to death at the order of Shah Abbas I of Persia for having refused to convert to Islam and was subsequently canonized as a saint by the Georgian Orthodox Church .
References
1561 deaths
House of Mukhrani
16th-century people from Georgia ( country )
Year of birth unknown
Balls Creek Campground is a historic Methodist camp meeting and national historic district located near Bandy 's Crossroads , Catawba County , North Carolina . The district encompasses 138 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site . They include the Arbor ( c. 1930 ) , `` tents '' ( individual family dwellings ) dating back to the 1850s , a store called `` The Shack '' ( c. 1940 ) , and jail dated to the late-19th / early-20th century .
History
The site was established in 1853 and is believed to be one of the largest religious campgrounds in the southern United States . A camp meeting continues to be held there every August , with `` tents '' selling for as much as $ 65,000 each . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
On September 29 , 2019 , a `` suspicious '' fire destroyed or damaged 40 of the site 's 295 cabins and elicited the response of more than 14 fire departments and over 100 firefighters from Catawba and surrounding counties .
See also
Pleasant Grove Camp Meeting Ground
Ocean Grove Camp Meeting Association
Chapel Hill Church Tabernacle
References
External links
Balls Creek Campground Website
Kids Day Camps In Chicago 's Suburbs
Campgrounds in the United States
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
1853 establishments in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County , North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County , North Carolina
Temporary populated places on the National Register of Historic Places
Pindaya ( Pìñṯáyá myoú ) is a town in the Shan State of Burma . It is located in the west of the state in Pindaya Township in Taunggyi District . Mainly famous for its limestone caves called Pindaya Caves where thousands of Buddha images have been consecrated for worship over the centuries , it is also one of the towns that host an itinerant market every fifth day .
Etymology
According to local legend , the term Pindaya is a corruption of the word Pinguya , which translates to Take the Spider in Burmese . The name arose from the legend that there was once a large spider which resided in the caves and it had captured a local princess . The princess was rescued when the giant spider was slain by a prince using a bow and arrow . When the spider was killed , the prince was said to have exclaimed that he had taken the spider , that is to kill it . Thus , the exclamation became the name of the region , and from it Pindaya received its name .
Attractions
The Pindaya Caves , a mild 45 minute walk away from the town , are the most famous attraction the town has to offer . Another lesser known attraction is the PlanBee Beekeeping Center . Visitors can test and buy pure organically made local honey and other bee products while enjoying a cup of coffee and the gorgeous view of Pone Taloke Lake .
References
External links
Land of Harmony , Spirit of Grace : A Journey through Pindaya Debbie Jefkin-Elnekave , December 2003 , PSA Journal
Flickr photos
Populated places in Shan State
Township capitals of Myanmar
Manifesto Games was an ecommerce retailer of downloadable computer games , specializing in independently developed games aimed at hardcore gamers .
It was founded in October 2005 by Greg Costikyan and Dr. Johnny L. Wilson , former editor of Computer Gaming World , and is based in New York City .
The company was announced September 29 , 2005 .
Costikyan was the company 's CEO while Wilson was Executive Vice President for Community and Content . On June 23 , 2009 , Costikyan announced that Manifesto was closing its doors , citing the 2008-2009 economic downturn , a lack of venture capital , and problems successfully marketing the company as a destination for independent games .
According to Manifesto Games ' manifesto ,
the company aims to avoid the narrowness of conventional retail channels by selling a large number of games ( taking advantage of The Long Tail ) , and allow developers to experiment technically and artistically . An example of Manifesto Games ' willingness to take risks is its support of Super Columbine Massacre RPG ! .
The Manifesto Games website was originally designed in ironic imitation of the Soviet Union in its early years ; some of its content still reflects this choice .
Play This Thing
Initially , Manifesto Games also provided reviews of indie games , including games it does not sell , and discussion forums . In September 2007 , Manifesto Games created a new game review website , Play This Thing .
A team of reviewers including Greg Costikyan and Emily Short posted one review per day at the website , covering independent , alternative reality and 'big urban ' games , interactive fiction , and mods . Most of the games reviewed had no relation to Manifesto Games . The site carried reviews of non-computer games on `` Tabletop Tuesdays '' . The site was shut down in 2014 .
References
External links
ManifestoGames.com
Video game companies of the United States
Online-only retailers of video games
Video game companies established in 2005
Companies based in New York City
The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1983 took place on 20 November 1983 .
The weakened Christian Democracy continued the alliance with the South Tyrolean People 's Party .
Results
Regional Council
Source : Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Province of Trento
Source : Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Province of Bolzano
Source : Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Elections in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
1983 elections in Italy
The Original Kleptonian Neo-American Church ( OKNeoAC ) , mostly shorted Neo-American Church , is a religious organization based on the use of psychedelic drugs ( the `` True Host '' ) as a sacrament .
Founding
The Church was founded in 1965 or 1966 at Cranberry Lake , New York , by Arthur Kleps , a participant in Timothy Leary 's circle based at the Hitchcock Estate in Millbrook , New York . The organization was founded partly as an absurdist religion , partly as a religious expression of the psychedelic movement , and partly as a device to gain religious exemption from American drug laws such as those outlawing LSD .
Church clergy , known as Boo Hoos , claimed LSD as a sacrament . The original primary religious text of the church was The Boo Hoo Bible : The Neo-American Church Catechism and Handbook ( 1967 ) , written by Kleps , a mixed-media work integrating comics , news clippings , senate testimonies , and political-religious diatribes . The Boo Hoo Bible has been described as `` requiring its reader to transcend the personal in an act that simultaneously simulates and dissimulates , establishing and overcoming the ironic .... present [ ing ] a cosmology of simultaneity , which Kleps considers essential to psychedelic experience . A radical solipsism emerges that sees all conscious and unconscious life as part of one dream where meaning-making becomes completely associative '' ; it also includes the declaration that the ultimate goal of mankind is ( or should be ) the bombardment and destruction of the planet Saturn ( which hoped-for event was depicted on the book 's cover ) .
The Boo Hoo Bible was supplemented or superseded by Kleps ' later book Millbrook : A Narrative of the Early Years of American Psychedelianism ( 1975 , with new editions in 1977 and 2005 ) which provides an account of Kleps ' founding of the organization along with a narrative of his experiences at the Hitchcock estate in Millbrook , New York , between 1963 and 1970 , and describes the church 's principles and doctrine as of the date of publication . Millbrook also includes philosophical interpretations of psychedelic experience and synchronicity and social and political commentary on aspects of the psychedelic movement .
While it incorporated whimsical or even absurdist motifs – for instance , Church hymns included `` Puff the Magic Dragon '' and `` Row , Row , Row Your Boat '' ( with its solipsistic refrain of `` Life is but a dream '' ) , which fact did not help them in establishing their bona fides as a serious religion to the judge in the United States vs. Kuch ( see below ) – this mainly extended to matters of form and organization . The actual theology was fully formed , serious , and culturally revolutionary in intent . Kleps testified that the absurdist elements of the Church were intended to show that all religions are invented and silly .
United States vs. Kuch
The Native American Church ( no relation ) was around this time fighting successfully in several state courts to uphold its legal permission to use peyote ( normally a banned substance ) in religious ceremonies ; the Neo-American Church hoped to gain the same right , by analogy . One of the Church 's ministers , Judith H. Kuch , was arrested and put on federal trial on narcotics charges in 1968 . Kuch claimed that her use of LSD was a religious requirement .
The judge ruled that the Church 's rituals did not merit protection under the First Amendment as he could find no evidence of `` a religious discipline , a ritual , or tenets to guide one 's daily existence '' and that `` ... the [ Neo-American Church ] membership is mocking established institutions [ and ] playing with words ... There is a conscious effort to assert in passing the attributes of religion but obviously only for tactical purposes '' and that `` [ i ] t is clear that the desire to use drugs and to enjoy drugs for their own sake , regardless of religious experience , is the coagulant of this organization and the reason for its existence . '' This was an instance , rare in American Constitutional jurisprudence , of a judge finding as an issue of fact that someone does not actually hold the religious views she professes . ( Regardless of the merits of the religion , the judge in any case found substantial state interest in denying the exemption . )
Later years
The Church reached its greatest notoriety around the time of these 1968 United States of America vs. Kuch case but continues into the 21st century as a small , loose organization . Membership in the Church is loosely defined but is based on assent to three principles : holding the psychedelic substances as sacraments , claiming their use as a basic human right , and defining enlightenment as `` the recognition that life is a dream and the externality of relations an illusion ( solipsistic nihilism ) '' .
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Original Kleptonian Neo-American Church website
Text of the United States of America v. Judith H. Kuch
Complete text of Millbrook : A Narrative of the Early Years of American Psychedelianism by Arthur Kleps
New religious movements
Religious parodies and satires
1965 establishments in the United States
Religious organizations established in 1965
Psychedelics and religion
Religious belief systems founded in the United States
Ryan Shuck is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , composer , producer , and entrepreneur . A co-founder of industrial rock band Orgy , Shuck is the lead singer and rhythm guitarist in electronic rock band Julien-K , and lead singer of the rock band Adema . He was the guitarist and backing vocalist of Dead by Sunrise , the alternative rock side project of Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington . Shuck played in the Bakersfield-based rock band Sexart alongside future Korn lead singer Jonathan Davis , future Adema bassist Dave DeRoo , and future Cradle of Thorns singer/drummer Ty Elam .
Shuck owns four restaurants in Orange County , California and a recording studio in Long Beach , California .
Early life
From Shuck 's earliest years , he had been an artist . As a child , Shuck painted with his grandmother , and then sold his paintings at local art shows where people bought the painting thinking they had been painted by an experienced adult artist .
At an age of 16 , Shuck finally discovered music for himself when he first picked up the guitar . He soon moved on to experimenting with keyboards and other electronic instruments and learning that he could sing , while simultaneously listening to strange combinations of music from the likes of Depeche Mode , Metallica , The Cure , Slayer , Run DMC , and Kraftwerk . These odd combinations of music would influence Shuck for years to come . Shuck had stated in later interviews that he always thought they went together beautifully and did n't understand why there were so many lines dividing styles of music .
In order to combine his love for music , design and fashion , Shuck left his hometown Taft at the age of 18 in order to move to Bakersfield and enroll at a Cosmetology school to become a Barber .
Music career
Early musical projects
After relocating to Bakersfield for his studies , Shuck made a new friend , Jonathan Davis . They both shared their love of fashion , heavy music , and electronic/dance music , so they formed the alternative metal band Sexart , along with Ray `` Chaka '' Solis on guitar , David DeRoo ( Adema ) on bass , and Dennis Shinn on drums . On the only released Sexart song , `` Inside , '' they were joined by Ty Elam ( Videodrone ) on vocals .
Davis left the band in 1993 to join Korn and had major success with songs that were also originally co-written by Shuck ( `` Blind , '' `` Daddy '' ) . Shuck also eventually left and went on to form the band Orgy .
The Orgy era
Shuck found his first major mainstream success as a founding member of the Los Angeles band Orgy . The band , which also consisted of the other two founders Jay Gordon ( vocals ) and Amir Derakh ( guitar , g-synth ) and also Paige Haley ( bass ) and Bobby Hewitt ( drums ) , was eventually signed by Korn to their Warner Bros. Records imprint , Elementree Records . Dubbed `` death-pop , '' Orgy blended electronic music with modern alternative rock at a time when the rest of popular music was dominated by grunge bands . Orgy , who had been lovingly described by some magazines as `` The Cure on cocaine , '' went on to sell over three million records , receive platinum awards , and hit top positions in the Billboard charts , giving Shuck a taste of real music industry success and massive MTV and radio exposure .
They were also featured on several soundtracks for popular movies , such as Not Another Teen Movie , Charlie 's Angels , Scream III , and Zoolander .
During the work on the band 's third album Punk Statik Paranoia , Shuck and his long-time partner and close friend Amir Derakh began to realize that they clashed with singer Jay Gordon regarding the future direction of the band . While Shuck and Derakh wanted Orgy to pursue a more experimental electro-pop and dance path , Gordon wanted the band to be heavier with more rock influence . That is when Shuck and Derakh began the `` Julien-K experiment '' .
Julien-K
With Julien-K , Shuck finally found the outlet to do the music that he always wanted to do – `` passionate electronic music . '' So far , the band ( which , besides Shuck , nowadays consists of Amir Derakh on guitar , Anthony Valcic on synths and bass , and Frank Zummo on drums ) has released two albums – Death To Analog ( released on March 10 , 2009 , via Metropolis Records and executive produced by Linkin Park 's Chester Bennington ) and We 're Here With You ( released on January 23 , 2012 , via Julien-K INC ) . Death To Analog made it to the top 10 of the Billboard Dance/Electronic album charts and We 're Here With You hit # 4 in the US iTunes charts – both in the first week of release .
In the early days of the band , Julien-K also recorded two tracks for the video games Sonic Heroes and Shadow the Hedgehog : `` This Machine '' and `` Waking Up '' , respectively . Their song `` Technical Difficulties '' was also featured on the official soundtrack of the movie Transformers , and they were featured on the Underworld : Evolution soundtrack with a remix for the song `` Morning After , '' on which they collaborated with Chester Bennington from Linkin Park . Besides , they were responsible for the whole film score of the video game Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen and to date their songs were remixed by several well-known DJs such as deadmau5 , Benjamin Vial , Bryan Black of Motor , and Z-Listers .
In 2012 , Julien-K did the score for the comedy movie Matt 's Chance ( directed by Nicholas Gyeney ) . Their compositions recently won the award for `` Best Score '' at the Bloody Hero International Film Festival .
Up until now , the band has also been touring all over the United States and Europe with big names such as Linkin Park , My Chemical Romance , HIM , Evanescence , Papa Roach , The Sounds , and Filter . They started touring in 2007 before even having an album out and with no press kit and no media push .
Dead by Sunrise
Apart from their own musical endeavors , Shuck and the other band members of Julien-K had also been working alongside Linkin Park co-frontman Chester Bennington on his solo project Dead by Sunrise , which he had been working on since 2005 . Their debut album Out of Ashes was released on October 13 , 2009 , and hit the top 30 in the Billboard 200 album charts and the top 10 in the Billboard Modern Rock charts .
Several tours and performances around the globe followed the release - the highlight having been an appearance at the Summer Sonic Festival in Japan and in an interview in 2012 it was revealed that there are plans to continue the project in the near future .
Other musical appearances
Besides playing in his actual bands , Shuck also contributed guitar parts to the all-star project The Wondergirls which featured Stone Temple Pilots frontman Scott Weiland , Mark McGrath of Sugar Ray , Ian Astbury of The Cult , Shannon Leto of Thirty Seconds to Mars , Doug Ardito of Puddle of Mudd , Ken Andrews of Failure , Martyn LeNoble of Porno for Pyros , and Troy Van Leeuwen of Queens of the Stone Age .
He was also a member of the fun project of Chester Bennington called Bucket Of Weenies which only had a handful live performances , e.g . at the Club Tattoo Anniversary Party in 2005 and 2006 .
Shuck also played guitar on the Hypno-Submissive Remix for the Coal Chamber song `` Sway '' and in the song `` Kerosene '' by nu metal band Drown .
Besides , he contributed guest vocals to a remix of Mindless Self Indulgence 's song `` What Do They Know ? `` , to some songs by Amir Derakh 's tech house project Circuit Freq , to Vandal 's song `` Fail With Grace '' , to an EP of electronic project Virgin Tears , and to some songs of the newcomer act Decode Radio whose debut EP The Death Rattle ( released via Circuit Freq Records ) he also produced in his own studio .
On October 27 , 2017 , he performed One Step Closer with Jonathan Davis at Linkin Park and Friends – Celebrate Life in Honor of Chester Bennington .
Adema
In 2019 , Ryan has joined nu-metal band Adema as their lead singer .
Endorsements
Ever since his playing in Orgy , Shuck has been endorsed by Yamaha Guitars and helped create his own signature 7-string guitar model called AES RS-7 .
With Julien-K , he is currently endorsed by Orange Amps and König & Meyer microphone and keyboard stands . In the past , Julien-K collaborated with designer Jeffrey Sebelia ( known as the winner of the third season of the reality show Project Runway ) and his Cosa Nostra clothing line in order to create individual outfits .
Musical style and influence
Shuck 's first musical influences were heavy metal bands such as Metallica and Slayer , until he discovered electronic music at an age of 14 or 15 when he first saw music videos from the new wave genre at a dance club in San Luis Obispo . This key experience really changed his life and made him turn away from heavy metal to more electronic music . With his first project Sexart , Shuck also had a great impact on the development of the genre nowadays known as `` nu metal '' . The band also laid the foundation for several successful musical careers .
Being a member of Orgy , Shuck was able to define a completely new genre called `` death-pop '' while playing a very synth-oriented sound that one had never heard before , by means of using instruments and effects that had never been used in music before .
Shuck 's current project Julien-K also has a high focus on visual aspects , fashion , design , and presenting a certain lifestyle . The band always tries to include its sense for aesthetics into their music and into an extraordinary stage setting that makes them stand out from their contemporaries .
Non-musical activities
Acting
In 2001 , Shuck had a small role as the character Pride in the horror movie The Forsaken .
As a member of Orgy , he also played himself during the episode `` Sin Francisco '' of the popular fantasy series Charmed wherein the band performed their song `` Opticon '' live .
Modeling
In the Orgy days , Shuck did some modeling for Calvin Klein Jeans .
Afterwards , he also modeled for the clothing lines Howe and Ve'cel .
Business activities
Apart from his musical endeavors , Shuck is an entrepreneur who currently owns four restaurants in Orange County , CA – The Gypsy Den in Costa Mesa , Santa Ana , and Anaheim , and the Lola Gaspar in Santa Ana . The Gypsy Den chain has been getting rave reviews by renowned local magazines such as OC Weekly and was recently awarded with the `` Certificate of Appreciation '' by the Children 's Bureau for its generous contributions . Shuck is currently in the process of opening two new restaurant concepts in Costa Mesa ( PBLC TRDE ) and Long Beach ( Daily Communal ) .
Shuck also owns a recording studio in Long Beach where he not only produces material for his own musical projects but also for artists such as Decode Radio and Battle Tapes . He is also heavily involved in the business activities of the band 's own company called Julien-K INC. and in the business side of Derakh 's and Valcic 's independent record label Circuit Freq Records .
At the beginning of the 21st century , Shuck was involved in the setup of the technology and media company Level 7 LLC , alongside Broadcom co-founder Henry Nicholas . Legal issues prevented the release of Julien-K 's debut album Death to Analog through Level 7 . Before that , Shuck had also successfully launched his own fashion line called Replicant Clothing , alongside Head ( Korn ) , with strong support by artists such as Chester Bennington and Stephen Carpenter ( Deftones ) . This experience also led Shuck to have a great impact on the creation of Chester Bennington 's clothing line Ve'cel in 2006 .
Discography
References
External links
Official Julien-K website
Julien-K.de
Julien-K @ Facebook
Julien-K @ YouTube
Dead By Sunrise @ Facebook
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Seven-string guitarists
Dead by Sunrise members
Julien-K members
Living people
Orgy ( band ) members
American industrial musicians
The Wondergirls members
Sexart members
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Jackson County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 60,485 . The county seat is Jefferson .
Jackson County comprises the Jefferson , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area .
History
Most of the first non-Native American settlers came from Effingham County in 1786 . On February 11 , 1796 , Jackson County was split off from part of Franklin County , Georgia . The new county was named in honor of Revolutionary War Lieutenant Colonel , Congressman , Senator and Governor James Jackson . The county originally covered an area of approximately , with Clarksboro as its first county seat .
In 1801 , the Georgia General Assembly granted of land in Jackson County for a state college . Franklin College ( now University of Georgia ) began classes the same year , and the city of Athens was developed around the school . Also the same year , a new county was developed around the new college town , and Jackson lost territory to the new Clarke . The county seat was moved to an old Indian village called Thomocoggan , a location with ample water supply from Curry Creek and four large springs . In 1804 , the city was renamed Jefferson , after Thomas Jefferson .
Jackson lost more territory in 1811 in the creation of Madison County , in 1818 in the creation of Walton , Gwinnett , and Hall counties , in 1858 in the creation of Banks County , and in 1914 in the creation of Barrow County .
The first county courthouse , a log and wooden frame building with an attached jail , was built on south side of the public square ; a second , larger , two-story brick courthouse with a separate jailhouse was built in 1817 . In 1880 , a third was built on a hill north of the square . This courthouse was the oldest continuously operating courthouse in the United States until 2004 , when the current courthouse was constructed north of Jefferson .
Law and government
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water .
The vast majority of Jackson County is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin , with just a small portion of the county 's northern edge , between Maysville to just east of Commerce , located in the Broad River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin .
Rivers and creeks
North Oconee River
Sandy Creek ( Georgia )
Curry Creek
Middle Oconee River
Pond Fork
Allen Creek ( Holders Creek )
Mulberry River
Adjacent counties
Banks County - north
Madison County - east
Clarke County - southeast
Gwinnett County - southwest
Barrow County - west
Hall County - northwest
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 85
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 129 Business
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Business
State Route 11
State Route 11 Business
State Route 11 Connector
State Route 15
State Route 15 Alternate
State Route 53
State Route 59
State Route 60
State Route 82
State Route 82 Connector
State Route 98
State Route 124
State Route 330
State Route 332
State Route 334
State Route 335
State Route 346 ( former )
State Route 403 ( unsigned designation for I-85 )
Pedestrians and cycling
Fox Smallwood Dr Trail
American Veterans Memorial Park Trail
Commerce Middle School Track
Curry Creek Reservoir Trail
Jefferson Memorial Stadium Track
East Jackson Park Walking Trail
South Jackson Elementary Nature Trail & Walking Track
Hurricane Shoals Nature Trail
Sells Mill Nature Trail
Sandy Creek Park Walking Trail
Braselton Riverwalk Trail
East Jackson High School Track
W Jackson Middle School Track
West Jackson Park Walking Track
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 41,589 people , 15,057 households , and 11,488 families living in the county . The population density was 122 people per square mile ( 47/km2 ) . There were 16,226 housing units at an average density of 47 per square mile ( 18/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 89.00 % White , 7.78 % Black or African American , 0.18 % Native American , 0.96 % Asian , 1.07 % from other races , and 1.01 % from two or more races . 3.00 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 15,057 households , out of which 36.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.50 % were married couples living together , 10.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 23.70 % were non-families . 19.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 7.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.10 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.60 % under the age of 18 , 8.70 % from 18 to 24 , 31.80 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 women there were 100.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,349 , and the median income for a family was $ 46,211 . Males had a median income of $ 34,063 versus $ 22,774 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,808 . About 9.90 % of families and 12.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.30 % of those under age 18 and 17.90 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 60,485 people , 21,343 households , and 16,479 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 23,752 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.8 % white , 6.8 % black or African American , 1.7 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 2.7 % from other races , and 1.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.2 % of the population . In terms of ancestry ,
Of the 21,343 households , 40.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.9 % were married couples living together , 11.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 22.8 % were non-families , and 18.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.18 . The median age was 37.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 51,506 and the median income for a family was $ 58,239 . Males had a median income of $ 43,906 versus $ 33,248 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,473 . About 11.7 % of families and 15.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.7 % of those under age 18 and 12.1 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 75,907 people , 25,180 households , and 19,467 families residing in the county .
Education
Commerce City School District
Jackson County School District
Jefferson City School District
Attractions
Chateau Elan ( Braselton )
Mayfield Dairy Visitors Center ( Braselton )
Sandy Creek Golf Course ( Commerce )
Tanger Outlet Center ( Commerce )
National Historic Places
Braselton Historic District
Commerce Commercial Historic District
Governor L. G. Hardman House ( Commerce )
Hillcrest-Allen Clinic and Hospital ( Hoschton )
Holder Plantation ( Jefferson )
Hoschton Depot
Old Jackson County Courthouse ( Jefferson )
Jefferson Historic District
Oak Avenue Historic District ( Jefferson )
Paradise Cemetery ( Jefferson )
Seaborn M. Shankle House ( Commerce )
Shields-Etheridge Farm
Talmo Historic District
Williamson-Maley-Turner Farm ( Jefferson )
Parks and cultural institutions
Crawford W. Long Museum ( Jefferson )
Hurricane Shoals Park
Events
Daisy Festival - May ( first full weekend ) ( Nicholson )
Mule Days - May ( Shields-Etheridge Farm )
Annual City Lights Festival - mid-June ( Commerce )
Celebrate Braselton - July 4 ( Braselton )
Art in the Park - mid-September ( Hurricane Shoals )
Annual Fall Festival - September ( last weekend ) ( Hoschton )
Jefferson High School and Jefferson Middle School Band Concerts - throughout the year ( Jefferson )
Jackson County Comprehensive High School , East Jackson Comprehensive High School , East Jackson Middle , and West Jackson Middle School Band Concerts - throughout the year
Communities
Cities
Arcade
Braselton ( partly in Gwinnett , Barrow and Hall )
Commerce
Hoschton
Jefferson
Maysville ( partly in Banks )
Nicholson
Pendergrass
Talmo
Unincorporated communities
Apple Valley
Attica
Brockton
Center
Clarksboro
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County , Georgia
References
External links
Jackson County government website
Jackson County historical marker
Atlanta Dragway
Mayfield Dairy
Chateau Elan
Sandy Creek Golf Course
Tanger Outlet Center
Traditions of Braselton
Crawford W. Long Museum
Hurricane Shoals Park
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1796 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1796
The Rochester Skeeters was a professional basketball club based in Rochester , Minnesota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1998-99 season . The team 's head coach and general manager was basketball veteran Bill Klucas . The team 's assistant general manager was Chris Lindauer .
History
During the first season—the team 's best , average and record-wise—they played to nearly 1,500 fans per night , finishing second in the league in average attendance . After a .500 record of 17-17 , the Skeeters just missed the IBA Division playoffs .
The second season in 1999-2000 did not play out as well . Klucas and Lindauer both left the organization . New coach Greg Lockridge used 30 different players in the season . The Skeeters posted a league-worst 8-28 record ( after a 4-21 start ) and were the only team to not make the IBA playoffs . Attendance dropped to just over 800 a game .
The Skeeters were sold in 2000 , relocated and renamed the Salina Rattlers . The Rattlers compiled a 9-31 record , averaged 577 fans a game and folded after just one season .
Season results
References
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in Minnesota
Sports in Rochester
The Luther Store is a historic store at 160 Old Warren Road in Swansea , Massachusetts . It is a -story brick structure with a saltbox profile . Its main facade is five bays wide , with entrances in the second and fourth bays , and interior chimneys at each end . The store retains original fixtures , including solid mahogany counters , drawers for goods storage , and the proprietor 's desk . The store was built in 1815 by John Brown Luther , and was operated by the Luther family as a store until 1903 . The Luther 's Corner area was in the mid-19th century the economic center of Swansea , and Luther 's Store served as post office and library . It was acquired in 1941 by the Swansea Historical Society , which now operates it as a local history museum .
Fall River architect Maude Darling-Parlin worked on the restoration of the Luther Store .
The store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County , Massachusetts
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1815
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Retail buildings in Massachusetts
Swansea , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Historic district contributing properties in Massachusetts
Myer Kangan ( 12 July 1917 – 4 October 1991 ) was an Australian public servant and educationist , who is considered the founder of the technical and further education ( TAFE ) system after he conducted an inquiry into technical education in Australia on behalf of the Whitlam Government .
Kangan was born in Brisbane , Queensland in 1917 and was of Russian Jewish descent . He attended Brisbane State High School , and then graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland . He joined the Commonwealth public service during World War II on an aircraft design project , and later joined the Department of Labour .
In 1973 , the federal minister for education , Kim Beazley , agreed to a proposal by the Technical Teachers ' Association of Australia ( TTTA ) to hold an inquiry into technical education in Australia . Beazley convened the Australian Committee on Technical and Further Education ( ACOTAFE ) , and appointed Kangan—then a senior public servant with the Department of Labour—as the chair . The Kangan Report , produced in 1974 , provided a blueprint for the development of TAFE systems across the country over the next fifteen years , and emphasised individual development and free choice of vocational needs .
After his retirement , Kangan founded the Jewish Centre on Ageing in Sydney , for elderly members of the Jewish community to continue living in a traditional manner outside of nursing homes . He died of heart disease on 4 October 1991 , aged 74 . The Victorian TAFE college Kangan Institute was named after him in honour of his contribution to technical and further education .
References
1917 births
1991 deaths
Australian public servants
Australian educational theorists
Technical and further education
Australian people of Russian descent
Australian Jews
University of Queensland alumni
Officers of the Order of Australia
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Brisbane State High School
Big Driver is a novella by American writer Stephen King , published in his collection Full Dark , No Stars ( 2010 ) . An excerpt was published in the November 12 , 2010 issue of Entertainment Weekly .
Synopsis
Tess is a cozy mystery writer who has a speaking engagement at a library in Chicopee , Massachusetts . After the event , the librarian who had invited her , Ramona Norville , tells Tess to avoid Interstate 84 . She gives Tess the directions to Stagg Road , a presumably safer shortcut to Tess ' home in Connecticut . However , on the shortcut , Tess ' Ford Expedition rolls over nail-studded pieces of wood which lie across the road , giving her a flat tire . The incident happens near an abandoned Esso gas station .
Shortly afterwards , a tall man in a pickup truck offers to assist Tess and change her tire . At first he seems to be eager to help , but Tess soon realizes that he had set out the road hazard as a trap . The trucker knocks Tess out and proceeds to beat her and rape her several times , before finally choking her to unconsciousness . Tess later wakes up but feigns death as he stashes her body in a culvert and drives away . She escapes , but not before discovering three other murdered women , all victims of the same culprit , dead and in various states of decomposition in the culvert . Tess attempts to find some help but worries that the attack will create a scandal that will negatively affect her career . She resolved to not tell anyone about the assault .
The next day , while recovering her Expedition at a bar called the Stagger Inn , Tess speaks with an employee named Betsy . Tess fabricates a story about her injuries and tells Betsy a man helped her , taking the opportunity to fish for details about her rapist . Betsy identifies the man as `` Big Driver '' . Tess decides to use the detective skills she acquired while writing her novels to find him .
Tess discovers that Big Driver 's mother is Ramona , deducing that she intentionally directed her into the trap . Tess goes to Ramona 's home and , after confirming that she was indeed guilty of intentionally directing Tess into the trap , kills her . Tess then finds Big Driver 's address and goes to his house . She lies in wait and shoots him after he arrives home . It is only after he is dead that Tess determines that the man she just killed , Big Driver , was not the man who raped her ; he was the older brother of the man who raped her , `` Little Driver '' . Stunned , Tess nevertheless drives to Little Driver 's house and kills him too .
Unsure of Big Driver 's involvement in her rape , and overcome with guilt over possibly having murdered an innocent man , she writes out a confession and prepares to kill herself . At the last moment , however , she decides to go back to Big Driver 's house to look for evidence . There she finds the purse taken from her the night of the rape , confirming Big Driver 's complicity in the crime . Tess comes to terms with her sins and goes home , finally beginning to feel peace .
Adaptation
Big Driver was made into a Lifetime TV movie that was aired on Lifetime on October 18 , 2014 .
See also
Stephen King short fiction bibliography
References
Novellas by Stephen King
American novels adapted into films
American novels adapted into television shows
Novels about rape
Bob Perelman ( born December 2 , 1947 ) is an American poet , critic , editor , and teacher . He was an early exponent of the Language poets , an avant-garde movement , originating in the 1970s . He has helped shape a `` formally adventurous , politically explicit poetic practice in the United States '' , according to one of his chroniclers . Perelman is professor of English emeritus at the University of Pennsylvania .
Personal life
Robert Lawrence Perelman was born in 1947 to Mark and Evelyn Perelman . His father was a Youngstown , Ohio businessman and his mother had worked as a social worker . He was one of two siblings—a year and a half younger than his sister , Nancy .
He attended the Putney School in Putney , Vermont from 1959 , graduating in 1964—in the same class as his sister . Next , he attended the University of Rochester as a prospective concert pianist . There he changed his major from music and focused on his other strength , classical literature , having determined that he did not have a future in music . He then transferred to the University of Michigan to pursue that field in 1966 . In 1969 , he moved to Iowa City , Iowa to pursue his interest in poetry at the Iowa Writers ' Workshop , where he received a Master of Fine Arts . He returned to Michigan to obtain a Master of Arts in Greek and Latin . He obtained a Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley .
In 1975 Perelman married then Cambridge , Massachusetts artist , Francie Shaw , after a four-year relationship . They made their home sequentially in Cambridge , Hills , Iowa , San Francisco Philadelphia , Pennsylvania—finally returning to Berkeley , California . They have two sons , born in 1979 and 1983 . Shaw 's artwork appears in many of his works and he has dedicated each one to her .
Career
Perelman started his teaching career in 1975 with appearances at Hobart College , Northeastern University , and Cambridge Adult Education . Starting in 1990 , Perelman received a teaching appointment at the University of Pennsylvania . He made teaching appearances at the University of Iowa , and King 's College , London between 1996 and 1998 . As of 2014 , Perelman was a professor with the Department of English at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , teaching subjects , including , `` Sounding Poetry : Music and Literature '' , `` Topics in Modernism : Poetry and the New Woman '' , `` British Poetry 1660-1914 '' , `` Poetics , Writing , Trending : Judgment and its Discontents '' , `` The Sound of Poetry , the Poetry of Sound : from Homer to Langston Hughes '' , `` Whitman and Williams : Contact , Utopia '' , and `` American Poetry '' .
Language writing movement
Perelman was part of a poetic movement in the San Francisco Bay Area ca . 1970 , called `` Language writing '' or `` Language poetry '' , which movement was without a formal organization . Their works diverged from the `` norms of persona-centered , 'expressive ' poetry '' . The exponents of the movement , following the lead of such avant-garde writers as Gertrude Stein and Louis Zukofsky , engaged in `` experimental modernism '' and `` avant-garde self-publishing '' in what Perelman was quoted as having called the `` opposition to the prevailing institutions of American Poetry '' , and `` the still-dominant scenic monolog of the writing workshop '' . The group was cited as notable for `` its sense of purpose , seriousness and demonstrable productivity '' . Perelman and fellow proponents of this writing movement wrote retrospectively that , `` ... the self as the central and final term of creative practice is being challenged and exploded in our writing . ''
One of the Perelman 's poems , `` China '' , evoked discussion as a focal point on the merits of Language poetry and received praise from Bruce Boone as being `` problematically '' beautiful . Frederic Jameson and George Hartley each used a discussion of the poem as an exemplar of Language poetry , Jameson to illustrate the Language poets ' adoption of `` schizophrenic fragmentation as their fundamental aesthetic '' and Hartley to defend Language writing in general .
In 1985 Perelman edited the proceedings of a series of talks by poets from this movement , entitled , Writing/Talks , which included contributions by Alan Davies , Carla Harryman , Barrett Watten , Lyn Hejinian , Robert Grenier , and others . Topics encompassed : writing , politics , popular culture , language , and the human body .
Poetry
As of 2014 , Perelman had published over 15 volumes of poetry . The Dictionary of Literary Biography and Jacket magazine have compiled overviews of Perelman 's body of work , Jacket with multiple contributors .
Steve Evans , a 1998 contributor to the Dictionary of Literary Biography , wrote that Perelman had a significant role `` in defining a formally adventurous , politically explicit poetic practice in the United States '' , using `` a variety of forms , `` from the conventional essay to the dramatic monologue , from the carefully measured units of verse to the giddily hybrid pleasures of all manner of counterfeiture '' . In Evan 's view , Perelman developed a poetry of `` radical deconcealment '' that searches for the `` deep structure of social experience beyond ... postmodernity '' .
Contributors in a 2002 Jacket magazine feature on Perelman discussed aspects of his work . Alan Golding gave an overview of Perelman 's continuing dialectic between the avant-garde and academia in his body of poetry , subtitled `` Pedagogy , Poetics , and Bob Perelman 's Pound '' , wherein he cast Ezra Pound as a forerunner of Perelman 's interest in the pursuit of `` poetic learning and poetic knowledge '' . Lyn Hejinian wrote that `` there is no impulse anywhere in Bob Perelman 's writings , critical or poetic , toward totalization . Instead , his imagination plays strange host to an odd form of omniscience , one that doubts its own senses and eschews power . '' Yet she ascribes to Perelman a scrutiny of the human uses of power through `` persuasion , hypocrisy , deceit , and other powers of language ; judicial and legislative and corporate ... power ; powers of image and information and technology ; familial and sexual powers . '' Andrew Klobucar described Perelman 's poetry as using `` dream-work '' poetic elements , which `` become key factors in the ongoing interplay between symbolic frameworks , ideology and knowledge construction that informs his writing practice . '' Kit Robinson described the `` sense of the sentence as life in fractal '' as characteristic of Perelman 's work . Nada Gordon wrote that Perelman is a poet of whom a curmudgeon might say , “ I do n't like language writing , except for Bob Perelman . ”
Joshua Schuster placed Perelman 's poetry into two sets , each tied to a geographic setting and to his avant-garde vs. academic literary environments . One set , stemming from his participation in the San Francisco avant-garde scene addressees `` the spread of capitalist realism versus the withering of critical platforms , from the fading utopianism of the 60s , to the inability to sustain class or grass roots activism , to the dilution of the radicalism of desire by the near full invasion of commercialism into all human systems of affect . In most of these poems , the poet is thematized in a largely passive-aggressive manner , barely able to record let alone piece together the conflicts , never able to change the situation . '' With the other set , pertaining to his Philadelphia and university-based work , Perelman transitions to `` creating mixed forms that can engage with writing in the long run , to find out how eras of poetry such as the classics and modernism might repeat and reinvent themselves . ''
An excerpt from The Marginalization of Poetry gives a sense of Perelman 's approach to writing and thinking about poetry , as it combines historical reference with literary analysis and criticism—in real time , of the very poem that one is reading—using structured free verse delivered with humor and irony , first to question , then to hint , and finally to assert that the piece is a poem :
it 's hard to think of any poem where the word `` marginalization '' occurs .
It is being used here , but this may or may not be
a poem : the couplets of six word lines do n't establish an audible
rhythm ; perhaps they have n't , to use the Calvinist mercantile metaphor , `` earned '' their
right to exist in their presentform -- is this a line break
or am I simply chopping up ineradicable prose ? But to defend this
( poem ) from its own attack , I 'll say that both the flush left
and irregular right margins constantly loom as significant events , often interrupting what
I thought I was about to write and making me write something
else entirely . Even though I 'm going back and rewriting , the problem still
reappears every six words . So this , and every poem , is a marginal
work in a quite literal sense .
Literary criticism
Perelman wrote two works of literary criticism in book form , The Trouble with Genius , which examines the antecedents of the Language writing movement , and The Marginalization of Poetry , which comments in verse form on the history and historiography of that movement . According to Lilley , Language writers were `` assemblages of young , experimental , left-identified writers , ... , [ who ] were motivated by what Perelman calls 'opposition to the prevailing institutions of American Poetry ' '' and took up the `` tradition of experimental modernism and avant-garde self-publishing '' , neglected by academia .
The Trouble with Genius
Perelman 's 1994 book , The Trouble with Genius , is a literary critique of his modernist forerunners , Pound , Joyce , Stein and Zukofsky . Al Filreis suggests that the book is primarily about how to reconcile the populist dimension of their works with the lack of accessibility of their poetics , owing to arcane historical references and opaque styles of writing . He suggests that Perelman has overcome this contradiction in his own writing , despite his efforts to maintain the high standard of his antecedents . Filreis cites “ History is not a sentence ” to portray Perelman looking back `` in order to remind himself that the present , both required and sufficient , is only right there in the writing '' . He cites the poem “ Movie '' , which describes a tessellation of history , including Nixon , Vietnam , Nicaragua , the Revolution of 1848 , the Bastille , through the Reagan era , including the Iran-Contra saga of Oliver North . Steven Helming reported that Perelman spontaneously and wittily answers to the `` surprises and quirks of difficult texts '' of the authors studied , which discussion pairs Édouard Manet with Franz Kline , Ezra Pound with Theodor Adorno , Igor Stravinsky with John Dos Passos , Federico Fellini with Le Corbusier , and Vladimir Lenin with Dizzy Gillespie . Perelman demonstrates how literary criticism is akin to a paper/rock/scissors game , i.e . `` poet beats critic '' / '' critic finds flaws in theoretical writing '' / '' theory subsumes any specific writing . '' In doing so , Perelman brings fresh perspective to criticism of Modernist writing , according to Helming .
The Marginalization of Poetry
Perelman explained of his 1996 versified critique and guide to the Language poetry movement , The Marginalization of Poetry ,
that he was addressing academics , poets , and those unfamiliar with Language writing and that he `` wanted to write criticism that was poetry and poetry that was criticism '' . Ron Silliman wrote that the book uses the tools of Language writing to portray that very subject and demonstrates that Language writers `` do not , and never intended to , 'say the same thing ' '' . Filreis admired Perelman 's historiography in the verse , but suggested ( along with Silliman ) that Perelman 's move from avant-garde culture to academia had affected his perspective on the history of Language writing with this book . Peter Middleton supported this thesis with the observation the book was published by a major academic press , Princeton University Press in part to gain tenure as a professor , rather than one of the small , alternative presses of his earlier works . Middleton highlighted Perelman 's concern that academic literary criticism marginalizes poetry in its `` practices of theorising and curating literature '' . Perelman responded to the issue of whether he was somehow compromised by his move into an academic environment , when he wrote :
Where did our passion for poetry come from ? The page ? Created by purely visual epiphany in a kind of unpedagogic , virgin birth ?
I am very very far from being in love with normative , gatekeeping academic criticism ; but pedagogy , repetition and circulation are very widespread structuring conditions against which to act—both as writer and as imaginer of receivers . We all started somewhere well behind the starting line .
Selected publications
Poetry
Non-fiction
( contributor ) The Grand Piano : An Experiment in Collective Autobiography . ( Detroit , MI : Mode A/This Press , 2006 — ongoing ) .
Other
Play : The Alps ( produced in San Francisco , 1980 ) , published in Hills ( Berkeley , CA ) , 1980 .
Poetry magazine : Hills , nos . 1-9 , edited by Perelman ( 1973-1980 ) .
'' '
References
External links
Perelman Author Homepage at Electronic Poetry Center
Audio-files at PENNSound
Poems on-line in the DCPoetry Anthology link to three of Perelman 's poems : `` Postcard Poetics '' , `` Driving to the Philadelphia Poetry Festival at the Free Library '' , and `` Here 2 ''
Bob Perelman Papers MSS 740 . Special Collections & Archives , UC San Diego Library .
1947 births
Living people
20th-century American poets
University of Michigan alumni
Language poets
Jewish poets
Jewish American writers
Iowa Writers ' Workshop alumni
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Pew Fellows in the Arts
Poets from Ohio
The Putney School alumni
21st-century American poets
American male poets
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American Jews
Haissam Hussain is a Pakistani television and film director known for directed a number of critically acclaimed television serials such as Noorpur Ki Rani ( 2009 ) , Akbari Asghari ( 2011 ) , Durr-e-Shehwar ( 2012 ) and Aunn Zara ( 2013 ) . He made his cinematic debut by directing romantic-comedy Balu Mahi ( 2017 ) . Hussain directed the period play Dastaan ( 2010 ) which earned him critical praise and several accolades including the Lux Style Award for Best television director .
Personal life
Hussain was born to a Muslim family in Lahore , Pakistan . He has studied at a handful of universities , including the Army Burn Hall College in 1992 , Punjab University in 1996 , West Herts College in 2002 and Middlesex University in 2006 . He directed his first telefilm Beetay Pal in 2007 . He is married and the couple has 2 daughters and one son .
Career
Hussain got fame with television serial Noorpur Ki Rani . He then directed romamce Ishq Gumshuda , period-romance Dastaan , social domestic-drama Durr-e-Shehwar , coming of age Aik Nayee Cinderella , dark humour Akbari Asghari and romamtic comedy Aunn Zara .
In 2017 , he ventured into cinema by directing romantic comedy Balu Mahi . He also directed small part of Bin Roye and then left it due to unknown reasons .
In 2021 , Hussain debut as a producer and made television comeback by directing political-period drama Jo Bichar Gaye .
Filmography
Taming of the Shrew ( 2012 )
Bin Roye ( 2015 )
Balu Mahi ( 2017 )
Television
Telefilms
Single Plays
Short Films
2006 - No Regrets
Awards and accolades
2011 - Lux Style Awards - Best TV Director for Dastaan
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani television directors
People from Lahore
Hum Award winners
Pakistani film directors
Army Burn Hall College alumni
Chukwuemeka Jude Diji born 2 December 1966 , a Nigerian , Associate professor of Mechanical engineering and Deputy Vice Chancellor : Research , Innovation , Consultancy and Extension ( DVC-RICE ) for Kampala International University Uganda . He also served as the head of department Mechanical Engineering for the University of Ibadan Nigeria .
Education
Chukwuemeka holds a Master of Science and PhD in Mechanical engineering from the University of Ibadan Nigeria in 1997 and 2008 receptively . He obtained his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical engineering from Obafemi Awolowo University formerly known as the University of Ife , in 1987 .
Career
During his early years , Prof chukwuemeka worked with a water drilling and prospecting company SOAG drilling company based in Ife Nigeria as a Mechanical engineer . He then went on to work as a production manager at Beta industries Nigeria limited , from 1989 to 1996 . He worked as a factory manager with the Tolaram Clay Brick Industries in Ikorodu Lagos for three months before he joined university service .
Chukwuemeka joined University service as a lecturer in 1998 at the University of Ibadan under the department of Mechanical Engineering .
Other Considerations
Chukwuemeka is a member of society at Solar Energy Society of Nigeria . He is also a member of the Nigerian Society of Engineers the Automobile Engineers 's institute .
References
1966 births
Living people
Kampala International University academics
Nigerian engineers
Obafemi Awolowo University alumni
University of Ibadan alumni
University of Ibadan faculty
Moca tormentata is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921 . It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and South Africa .
The wingspan is 19–20 mm . The forewings are rather dark fuscous , somewhat mixed irregularly with olive greenish grey . Sometimes , there is an inwards-oblique fasciate blotch of whitish suffusion from the middle of the costa reaching more than halfway across the wing , tinged with pale blue especially on the lower portion , preceded towards the costa by a patch of blackish-fuscous suffusion , in the other specimens this is replaced by an irregular median fascia of blackish-fuscous suffusion . A transverse blackish mark is found on the end of the cell and the posterior area beyond this is more or less mixed with greyish-ochreous irroration or marbling , with two curved transverse series of short blackish-fuscous interneural streaks . There is also a blackish-fuscous terminal shade . The hindwings are rather dark grey , lighter anteriorly .
References
Moths described in 1921
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of Africa
3rd Battalion 8th Marines ( 3/8 ) was an infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps based out of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , consisting of approximately 1,100 Marines and Sailors . The battalion fell under the command of the 8th Marine Regiment and the 2nd Marine Division .
Subordinate units
Headquarters and Service Company
Company I
Company K
Company L
Weapons Company
Mission
The mission of the Marine Corps rifle squad is to locate , close with and destroy the enemy by fire and maneuver and/ or repel enemy assault by fire and close combat .
History
World War II
The battalion was activated on November 1 , 1940 , in San Diego and was assigned to the 2nd Marine Brigade . The 2nd Marine Brigade was re-designated February 1 , 1941 , as 2nd Marine Division . It participated in the action at the Battle of Guadalcanal , Battle of Tarawa , Battle of Saipan , Battle of Tinian and the Battle of Okinawa . Following the surrender of Japan , they re-deployed during September 1945 to Nagasaki , Japan and participated in occupation of Japan from until February 1946 . The battalion was deactivated March 26 , 1946 .
1950s & 1960s
3/8 was reactivated on January 15 , 1951 , at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , as 3rd and was assigned to the 2nd Marine Division . During the 1960s they participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis from October to December 1962 and Operation Powerpack in the Dominican Republic in 1965 .
1970s
3/8 went to the Med in January 1979 as part of the 32 MAU . Major Oliver North was 3/8 's S3 officer .
1980s & 1990s
3/8 went to the Med in January 1980 and 1981as part of the 32 MAU . The company first sergeant Lewis G. Lee would eventually become Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps .
The battalion was part of the Multi-Nation Peace Keeping Force in Lebanon from October 1982 to February 1983 , and February through October 1984 .
Participated in Operation Sharp Edge in Liberia during August 1990 .
Participated in Operation Provide Comfort in northern Iraq during April and July 1991 .
Participated in Operation Deny Flight , Bosnia and Herzegovina , March- September 1993 .
Participated in Operation Deny Flight , Bosnia , April - September 1995 .
Participated in Operation Assured Response , Liberia , June - August 1996 .
Element Participated in Operation Quick Response , Central African Republic , June 1996 .
Participated in Operation Joint Endeavor Adriatic Sea October 1996 .
Elements participated in security operations Haiti and Panama November 1997 – February 1998 and January – August 1999 .
Participated in Operation Noble Anvil , Operation Shining Hope and Operation Joint Guardian , April 1999-October 1999 .
Global War on Terror
Participated in Operation Enduring Freedom , Kabul , Afghanistan , December 2001 - September 2002 . During this time companies from 3rd Battalion , 8th Marines guarded the U.S. Embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan .
Participated in Operation Secure Tomorrow , Port au Prince , Haiti , March - June 2004 .
Participated in Operation Iraqi Freedom , Karmah , Iraq , January - August 2005 .
Participated in Operation Iraqi Freedom , Ramadi , Iraq , March - mid October 2006
Served as the ground combat element of the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit from February 2007 - February 2008 , during which elements participated in Operation Sea Angel II in Bangladesh .
Participated in Operation Enduring Freedom , Afghanistan October 2008 - May 2009 . In December 2008 , the Marines of India Company provided security for Operation Backstop — protecting large British logistics convoy that moved equipment and supplies for Coalition combat operations in Helmand Province . Mainly Nawzad , Afghanistan .
Served as the ground combat element of the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit from April 2010 - May 2011 , during which elements were deployed into Afghanistan from January–May 2011 in the Nahri Saraj District of Helmand province .
Elements participated in Odyssey Dawn and Unified Protector while deployed aboard 26 Meus
Participated in Operation Enduring Freedom , Marjah , Afghanistan , April 2012 - December 2012 .
Deactivation
Commandant Gen. David H. Berger , former Commanding Officer of 3rd Battalion , 8th Marines , released a press statement stating , '' Developing a force that incorporates emerging technologies and a significant change to force structure within our current resource constraints will require the Marine Corps to become smaller and remove legacy capabilities '' . In May 2020 , 3rd Battalion was listed as one of the units proposed to be deactivated . U.S. Marine Corps Col. John H. Rochford , the commanding officer of 8th Marine Regiment , and Sgt . Maj. Keith D. Hoge , the sergeant major of 8th Marine Reg. , both with 2d Marine Division , cased the regimental colors during a deactivation ceremony on Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , Jan. 28 , 2021 .
Awards
Presidential Unit Citation Streamer with 2 bronze stars
Joint Meritorious Unit Award Streamer
Navy Unit Commendation Streamer with 1 silver and 2 bronze stars
Meritorious Unit Commendation Sreamer with 2 bronze stars
Marine Corps Expeditionary Streamer with 2 bronze stars
American Defense Service Medal Streamer
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Streamer with 1 silver star
World War II Victory Streamer
Navy Occupation Service Streamer with `` Asia '' and `` Europe ''
National Defense Service Streamer with 3 bronze stars
Armed Forces Expeditionary Streamer with 1 bronze star
Southwest Asia Service Streamer with 1 bronze star
Kosovo Campaign Streamer with 2 bronze stars
Afghanistan Campaign Streamer with 3 bronze stars
Iraqi Campaign Streamer with 1 bronze star
Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Streamer
Global War on Terrorism Service Streamer
See also
List of United States Marine Corps battalions
Organization of the United States Marine Corps
Notes
References
Bibliography
Rottman , Gordon L. , `` U.S. Marine Corps World War II Order of Battle : Ground and Air Units in the Pacific War , 1939-1945 '' . Westport , Conn : Greenwood Press . 2002 .
Web
3/8 's official website
External links
CNN report on 3/8 fighting in Ramadi , Iraq
Infantry battalions of the United States Marine Corps
Bradley Jamie Ethan Young ( born 6 January 2003 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Scottish Championship club Ayr United , on loan from Premier League club Aston Villa .
Career
Having been on the books of West Bromwich Albion before being released at age 12 , he joined Aston Villa after a spell in local junior football and became a regular at U18 and then U23 level . He made his senior debut as a substitute in a 4–1 FA Cup defeat to Liverpool on 8 January 2021 .
Young was a part of the Aston Villa team that won the 2020-21 FA Youth Cup - scoring a penalty in the 2–1 final victory over Liverpool U18s on 24 May 2021 .
On 7 July 2021 , he was one of several young players who signed a new contract with Aston Villa .
On 16 August 2021 , Young joined League Two team Carlisle United on a season-long loan . He made his football league debut the following day , as a substitute in a goalless draw against Port Vale . On 28 September 2021 , Young scored his first goals for Carlisle United - scoring twice in a 2–0 victory over Everton U21 in the EFL Trophy . Young returned to Aston Villa from his loan early on 4 January 2022 , after the two clubs mutually agreed that Young would not be guaranteed enough playing time in the upcoming months .
On 1 September 2022 , Young joined Scottish Championship club Ayr United on a season-long loan .
Personal life
Young was hospitalised in June 2020 , at the age of 17 , after being the victim of a stabbing in a Solihull park . He made a full recovery and was able to play again for the Aston Villa academy the same season .
Career statistics
Honours
Aston Villa U18
FA Youth Cup : 2020-21
References
2003 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football forwards
Aston Villa F.C . players
English victims of crime
Carlisle United F.C . players
English Football League players
Ayr United F.C . players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Bakira Hasečić is a Bosnian human rights activist who advocates for the rights of women who were raped during the Bosnian War .
Early life
Hasečić was born to a Bosniak family in Višegrad , a town in Bosnia and Herzegovina close to the border with Serbia . After the onset of the Bosnian War , artillery bombardment of the town led to it falling under the control of the Yugoslav People 's Army ; after they officially withdrew in May 1992 , local Serb leaders established the Serbian Municipality of Višegrad and commenced an ethnic cleansing programme perpetrated by Bosnian Serb soldiers from the Army of Republika Srpska in addition to the White Eagles , a paramilitary group led by Milan Lukić . A detention camp was established at Vilina Vlas , which was found in a 1994 United Nations Commission of Enquiry report to be a location of mass rape . During this period , Hasečić was raped multiple times . Her sister died in Vilina Vlas ; of an estimated 200 women imprisoned there , it is alleged fewer than 10 survived internment . In total , 17 members of Hasečić 's family were killed .
Human rights activism
Locally , Hasečić serves as the president of the Association of Women Victims of War ( Bosnian : Udruzenje žene-žrtve rata ) , based in Sarajevo . The organisation campaigns for the rights of female victims of crime during the Bosnian War , including securing financial and psychological aid , and gathering evidence and information about war criminals in hiding in the Republika Srpska with a view of securing their criminal prosecution . Hasečić 's work has led to some success ; during the trial of Željko Lelek for crimes against humanity committed at Višegrad , Lelek blamed Hasečić for his detention , with judge Paul Melchior Brilman recognising her as `` a very important person '' in his prosecution . Lelek was subsequently found guilty of rape and other crimes . The Association of Women Victims of War have played a role in 29 war criminals being charged at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) and over 70 at Bosnian courts .
Internationally , Hasečić has worked with international organisations including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch to seek justice for female victims of the Bosnian War , and has also testified on multiple occasions at the ICTY . Hasečić 's most prominent campaigning has included calling for rape charges to be added to the indictment against Milan and Sredoje Lukić at the ICTY ; at the time , chief prosecutor Carla del Ponte asserted that they lacked the evidence to include those charges due to no witnesses coming forward prior to the indictment 's filing , something Hasečić denied . The UN 's completion strategy for the Tribunal ruled out prosecutors bringing additional charges or amending existing ones unless a case transferred to another court . Del Ponte suggested the case to transfer to the War Crimes Chamber in Sarajevo and for Hasečić and Women Victims of War to work with state prosecutors there to amend the indictments against the Lukić cousins . Ultimately , the Lukić case was heard at the ICTY in 2008 ; a late motion from the prosecution to add rape and sexual slavery in Višegrad to the indictment was rejected due to it being felt it prejudiced the right of the accused to have enough time to mount a reasonable defence . Both men were ultimately found guilty of war crimes .
Hasečić previously advocated for the return of Muslims to Višegrad , but in 2005 stated she had resigned herself to the fact that `` the return has failed , because war criminals continue to live freely there . Almost no [ Muslims ] returned to the town '' .
Media and recognition
Hasečić and her work has featured in documentary programmes produced by the BBC and Al Jazeera .
In 2018 , Hasečić received an honorary degree from Glasgow Caledonian University in recognition of her work as a human rights advocate for victims of sexual violence .
See also
Milan Lukić
Vilina Vlas
References
External links
David Bosco , `` A new war crimes court in Sarajevo struggles to find its way '' , legalaffairs.org ; accessed 16 December 2015 .
Nidžara Ahmetašević , Nerma Jelačić i Selma Boračić , `` Višegrad rape victimes say their cries go unheard '' , genocideinvisegrad.wordpress.com , 29 November 2008 .
Women Victims of War , zena-zrtva-rata.ba ; accessed 16 December 2015 .
Living people
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina Muslims
Sexual abuse victim advocates
Bosnia and Herzegovina women activists
People from Višegrad
Violence against women in Europe
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Chakra Dhari ( ) is a 1948 Indian , Tamil-language film produced by Gemini Studios . Chittor V. Nagaiah and Pushpavalli acted in the lead roles while Gemini Ganesan who was a budding actor then , appeared in a minor role .
Plot
Gora is a potter who lives in a village near Pandharpur in Maharashtra . He is a strong devotee of Lord Panduranga . He is not interested in earning money which worries his wife Thulasi . Venkat is Gora 's elder brother and an affluent man . His wife Sona does not like Gora and his family . One day while Gora was mixing clay , his child Hari comes there , playing . Gora was in a devotional ecstasy and did not notice his child . The child is killed trampled under the mud . Thulasi threatens to destroy the idol of Panduranga but Gora tries to kill her with an axe . She tells Gora that he should not touch her in future and he also vows that he will not touch her . However , Thulasi gets her sister Shantha to marry her husband Gora so that they can beget a child . But Gora refuses to touch Shantha too . The sisters seduce Gora one night . Gora is shocked and cuts his hands for breaking the vows . Lord Panduranga and his consort Rukmini come in disguise and work for Gora . Due to their divine powers happiness is restored in the family . Gora gets back his hands and Hari come back alive . The whole family becomes devotees of Lord Panduranga .
Cast
Adapted from the film credits . ( See External links )
Nagaiah as Gorakumbar
Pushpavalli as Thulasi Bai
Suryaprabha as Shantha Bai
Nagarcoil Mahadevan as Namadhevar
L. Narayana Rao as Venkaji
K. N. Kamalam as Sona
Ganesh as Pandurangan
Varalakshmi as Rukmani
S. Krishnamoorthy as Penda
Subbaiah Pillai as Sevaji
T. V. Kalyani as Parvathi Bai
Nandi Velayutham as Guard
G. V. Sharma as Goldsmith
Baba Narayanan as Mali
N. Thyagarajan as Astrologer
M. Ramamoorthi , V. P. S. Mani , N . Narasimhan , Raja Rao , K . T. K. S. Mani as Thieves
Balaraman , K. Sampathkumar as Officers
Panduranga Das , T. S. B. Rao , Vijaya Rao as Bhandari Devotees
Chopra and A. Chandra as Dancers
S. R. Lakshmi as Betel Seller
Kumari V. Thulasi as Flower Seller
B. Ramakrishna Rao as Bangle Seller
Pudukottai Seenu as Areca Nut Seller
Balan as Beggar
=
Production
This tale has been filmed many times in many languages such as Marathi , Hindi , Kannada , Telugu and twice in Tamil .
Soundtrack
Music was composed by M. D. Parthasarathy with P. S. Anantharaman as assistant . Parthasarathy also sang one or two songs . Lyrics were penned by Papanasam Sivan , Kothamangalam Subbu and Sangu Subramaniam . Singers are V. Nagaiah and Nagarcoil Mahadevan . Playback singers are S. S. Mani ( S. Subramanian ) , T. V. Rathnam , Balasaraswathi and M. Kalpagam .
The song Kadhali Radhaiyai kalangavittan is set in the raga Kharaharapriya .
Reception
The film was a success at the box-office . Film historian Randor Guy wrote in 2008 that the film is `` Remembered for its soul-filling music , fine photography and Nagaiah 's performance . ''
Notes
References
External links
1948 films
1940s Tamil-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Gemini Studios films
Lesce-Bled Airport ( ) is located in Lesce , in the northwest part of Slovenia , only a few `` air '' kilometers between airports in Slovenia and Austria . Road connections with Austria and Italy are possible via the A2 motorway .
The operator of the airport is the Public Commercial Institution ALC Lesce-Bled , established by the nearby municipality of Radovljica . Permanent users of the airport include Aeroclub ALC Lesce-Bled , Flycom , Flight Academy and others . The Bled area is a popular tourist location , in large part due to scenic lake Bled .
Flying
Just north of the airport lies the Karavanke Alps mountain chain , which eases difficult flightpaths during bad weather . To the west of lake Bled , one can see the highest Slovenian mountain range , the Julian Alps , which include Slovenia 's highest peak , Triglav ( altitude 2864 m ) .
For experienced and ambitious glider pilots , Lesce-Bled can be an ideal start point for long-distance flights in the direction of Italy , Austria and even further to Germany , France and Switzerland . Ridges and mountains close to Lesce allow early beginning of thermal activity and as such , an early take-off . Pilots can then follow the Alps in a north-westerly direction . High speeds are attainable due to the ridges which also provide ridge lift in the case of northern and south-western winds .
World records attained
The Aero Club ALC Lesce-Bled has more than 300 member pilots . It is the only European airport with two world records to its name , flown by Mihael Thaler and Boštjan Pristavec . Mihael Thaler broke the world speed record in the FAI 15 m class when he , on 6 July 1999 , flew the 100 km triangle with an average speed of 181.4 km/h .
In 2004 , Boštjan Pristavec broke the world record in the ultra-light sailplane class . His average speed flown with the Slovenian sailplane Apis was 118.44 km/h . The record still holds to this day .
Many club pilots fly cross-country flights . They are very active on the OLC Online contest , where the best results from the club can be found . The glider pilots from Lesce also frequently take the highest places in the national gliding competitions . One of the best flights were the 750 km FAI ( Fédération Aéronautique Internationale ) triangle from Miha Thaler , 1000 km flight by Miha Thaler and a 1000 km flight flown by Boštjan Pristavec .
Recreational facilities
The airfield has a separate area with sanitary facilities and all necessary conditions for camping . There is also restaurant with terrace offering a view on the airfield .
History
The aviation activity in this area began in first world war when it was used as an auxiliary airfield of the Austro-Hungarian Air Force during the Isonzo front . It was then used as the auxiliary German airfield during the second world war , but the airfield was plagued by the frequent flooding and terrain instability .
The republic gliding center was established there in 1947 to explore soaring in the mountains . A hangar was relocated from Kompolje and remains at the airport to this day . After the war a new grass runway was constructed to remediate the flooding , which was completed in 1954 . In 1956 , the Alpski letalski center flying club was founded and continued with tradition of numerous pre-war flying clubs in the vicinity .
In July 1957 JAT Yugoslav Airlines opened the Belgrade-Bled route with a Douglas DC-3 airliner. , however the commercial traffic ceased with the opening of Ljubljana airport in 1963 . Since then , the airport served mainly for sport and panoramic flying , but the sudden reduction of state funding forced the flying club members to find other sources of income , by doing various jobs for the local companies , thus collecting the money to buy new aircraft and pay for their flying . Lesce airport was also one of the few airports in Yugoslavia where the flying of the foreign pilots was allowed , thus greatly contributing to the tourism in the region .
Many aviation-related businesses emerged because of the airport . Elan started the production of Glaser-Dirks gliders and the former employees of Elan Flight still continue with a business of aircraft construction and repair .
References
External links
Lesce-Bled Airport ( official site )
Map from MultiMap
Satellite image from TerraServer
Airports in Slovenia
Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple is a Hindu temple situated in Cherpu of Thrissur District of Kerala , India . According to the legends , the idol worshiped here is more than 1,500 years old .
Story
Mahabali , the king of the Daityas or Asuras , i.e. , demons in the Treta Yuga , reached the zenith of power and fame . He owed his tremendous success and prosperity in life to his observance of an austere and virtuous lifestyle . He performed many ritual sacrifices or Yajna to consolidate his sway over the three worlds of the universe ( Heaven , Earth and Underworld ) . Lord Vamana has blessed king Sri Mahabali on his request for three feet of mud ; the mood of the deity in the temple is that of blessing the king Mahabali . Vishnu was immensely pleased with the goodness of Mahabali . He educated Bali about the demerits of pride and arrogance , which forbids man from optimum progress . He allowed Mahabali to take shelter in the Paradise of the sacred abode , where lived the pure Prahlada . MahaVishnu further blessed Mahabali , that he would be the ruler of the earth in the following age or Yuga . Those who sacrifice themselves in the lotus feet of the deity get his blessings .
Ownership
The temple is owned by three uranmakkar : Alakkattu Mana , Pattachomarayath Mana and Akkarachittur Mana . The present administration of the temple is done by Sri . Krishnan Namboodiri , Kizhillath Mana , Perumbillissery on the strength of the authority given by the uranmakkar . The chief priest or Thanthri of the Temple is Nedumpilly Tharananellur Mana , Irinjalakuda . Lord Ganesha , Swamiyar ( guru ) and Lord Annapoorneswari are the other deities .
Visiting
One can get down at Perumbillissery Centre from the bus and walk less than 0.5 km west to reach the temple . Anybody in the centre can guide , as the temple is known to all . The temple is open from 5.30 AM to 10.30AM and 5.30 PM to 7.30 PM all days . This is subject to change on special days like Thiruvonam , Prathishta Dinam , Othukottu , lunar and solar eclipse days .
Othu Kottu festival
The main festival of the temple is Sampoorna Yajurveda Yajna or Othu Kottu . Yajurveda Samhitha recital is one of the special prayers offered in the temple . Othu means Veda and Kottu means recitals . The whole text of Yajurveda is recited once in every three years by Yajurveda scholars from parts of Kerala . The Yajna is conducted by 10 Namboodiri families of the locality with co-operation of devotees .
References
External links
Temple Website
Hindu temples in Thrissur district
Patintero , also known as harangang-taga or tubigan , ( Intl . Translate : Escape from the hell or Block the runner ) is a traditional Filipino children 's game . Along with tumbang preso , it is one of the most popular outdoor games played by children in the Philippines .
Etymology
Patintero is derived from the Spanish word tinta ( `` tint '' or `` ink '' ) in reference to the drawn lines . Another name for it is tubigan , tubiganay , or tubig-tubig ( `` water [ game ] '' ) , due to the fact that the grid lines are also commonly drawn by wetting the ground with water . It is also known as harangang-taga or harang-taga ( lit . `` block and catch '' ) , referring to the game mechanics .
Other names for the game include lumplumpas ( Igorot ) , sabatan ( Kapampangan ) , sinibon or serbab ( Ilokano ) , and tadlas ( for four players ) or birus-birus ( for six players ) in eastern Visayas .
Description
Patintero is played on a rectangular grid drawn into the ground . The rectangle is usually in length , and wide . It is subdivided into four to six equal parts by drawing a central lengthwise line and then one or two crosswise lines . The size of the rectangle and the number of subdivisions can be adjusted based on the number of players . The individual squares in the grid must be large enough that someone can stay in the middle out of reach of someone standing on the lines .
Two teams are needed , each with around two to six players . One team acts as the taggers , the other acts as the runners . This is usually decided by a game of rock–paper–scissors ( jak-en-poy ) or a coin toss .
The object of the game is to cross the rectangle back and forth without getting tagged . One tagger is usually assigned per crosswise line . Taggers can only move along their respective lines , with the exception of the tagger on the first line who is regarded as the team leader ( patotot ) . Unlike the other taggers , the patotot can also move along the central lengthwise line . Taggers can tag runners at any time , including those already past them , but both of their feet must always be on the lines . Tagging a runner when none or only one foot is contacting the line is not counted .
Runners can cross at any time and to any adjacent square , however , they can only exit the playing rectangle at both ends of the rectangle . Once a runner is tagged , they are out and will sit out the match until the next game . Teams score points when they complete isang gabi ( `` one night '' ) , a full circuit of the playing rectangle , from one end to the other and back again . Once all the runners have been tagged , the teams reverse roles , with the taggers now becoming the runners and vice versa .
In some versions of the game , the match ends if even only one runner is tagged . In others , this only applies if the patotot of the team is tagged . In modern versions , there is also sometimes a time limit for how long runners can attempt to score points . The match ends once the time is up , regardless if no points have been scored .
In popular culture
Jaywalking is derisively referred to as `` playing patintero with cars '' in the Philippines .
See also
Traditional games in the Philippines
Squid game
References
Philippine culture
Traditional games
Children 's games
Metadesign ( or meta-design ) is an emerging conceptual framework aimed at defining and creating social , economic and technical infrastructures in which new forms of collaborative design can take place . It consists of a series of practical design-related tools for achieving this .
As a methodology , its aim is to nurture emergence of the previously unthinkable as possibilities or prospects through the collaboration of designers within interdisciplinarity 'metadesign ' teams . Inspired by the way living systems work , this new field aims to help improve the way we feed , clothe , shelter , assemble , communicate and live together .
History
Metadesign has been initially put forward as an industrial design approach to complexity theory and information systems by Dutch designer Andries Van Onck in 1963 , while at Ulm School of Design ( later at Politecnico di Milano and Rome and Florence ISIA ) . Since then , several different design , creative and research approaches have used the name `` Metadesign '' , ranging from Humberto Maturana and Francisco Varela 's biological approach , to Gerhard Fischer 's and Elisa Giaccardi 's techno-social approach , and Paul Virilio 's techno-policital approach .
Later on , a very active group was present at Politecnico di Milano , and several different universities and graduate programs began applying Metadesign in design teaching around the world generally based at Van Onck 's approach , further developed at Politecnico di Milano . Nevertheless , there 's a very active , but widely dispersed , group that base their activities at Maturana and Varela 's approach .
More recently , some efforts have been made to systematize Metadesign as a structured creative process , such as ( 1 ) Fischer 's and Giaccardi 's and ( 2 ) Caio Vassão 's academic works , among several others , based on a much wider reference frame , ranging from post-structuralist philosophy , Neil Postman 's media ecology , Christopher Alexander 's pattern languages and deep ecology .
This variety of approaches is justified by the myriad interpretations that can be derived from the etymological structure of the term .
Re-designing design
The Greek word 'meta ' originally meant 'beyond ' or 'after ' and is now sometimes used to imply a comprehensive , insightful self-awareness . Employed as a prefix , it explicitly denotes self-referentiality . Metadesign , therefore , alludes to a design practice that ( re ) designs itself ( see Maturana and Varela 's term autopoiesis ) . The idea of Metadesign acknowledges that future uses and problems can not be completely anticipated at design time . Aristotle 's influential theory of design defined it by saying that the 'cause ' of design was its final state . This teleological perspective is similar to the orthodox idea of an economic payback at the point of sale , rather than successive stages when the product could be seen to achieve high levels of perceived value , throughout the whole design cycle . Some supporters of metadesign hope that it will extend the traditional notion of system design beyond the original development of a system by allowing users to become co-designers .
The importance of languaging
By harnessing creative teamwork within a suitable co-design framework , some metadesigners have sought to catalyse changes at a behavioural level . However , as Albert Einstein said , `` We ca n't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them '' . This points to a need for appropriate innovation at all levels , including the metaphorical language that serves to sustain a given paradigm . In practical terms this adds considerable complexity to the task of managing actions and outcomes . What may be so neatly described as 'new knowledge ' , in practical terms , exists as an interpersonal and somatic web of tacit knowledge that needs to be interpreted and applied by many collaborators . This tends to reduce the semantic certainty of roles , actions and descriptors within a given team , making it necessary to rename particular shared experiences that seem inappropriately defined . In other instances it may be necessary to invent new words to describe perceived gaps in what can be discussed within a prevailing vernacular . Humberto Maturana 's work on distributed language and the field of biosemiotics is germane to this task . Some researchers have used bisociation in order to create an auspicious synergy of benign synergies . In aspiring to this outcome , metadesign teams will cultivate auspicious 'diversities-of-diversities ' . It suggests that metadesign would offer a manifold ethical space . In this respect , related approaches include what Arthur Koestler ( 1967 ) called holarchy , or what John Dewey and John Chris Jones have called 'creative democracy ' .
Metadesign conceptual tools
Regarding a wide range of applications and contexts , Vassão has argued that Metadesign can be understood as a set of four `` conceptual tools '' , utilizing Gilles Deleuze 's understanding of the term `` tool '' :
Levels of abstraction ( the ability to understand the structure and limits of abstractions , language and instrumental thinking ) ;
Diagrams and topology ( the use of diagrammatic thinking and design , sustained by topological understanding ) ;
Procedural design ( the creation of realities through the use of procedures , such as in game and role playing , as well as in procedural design , art and architecture ) ;
Emergence ( the absence of absolute control , and the ability to take advantage of unintended and unforeseen results ) .
Vassão has argued that , in all different approaches to metadesign , the presence of these conceptual tools can be verified .
See also
Cybernetics
Complex adaptive system
Ecology
Lateral thinking
Systems thinking
References
External links
Attainable Utopias - Definition of Metadesign
Metadesigners Open Network
Cybernetics
Design
Union Hill is a former settlement in Nevada County , California , from Grass Valley . Its elevation is above sea level .
Gold mining is recorded as early as January 30 , 1851 . A number of mines yielded eighty dollars per ton at times . Sulfurets were said to yield 420 dollars per ton . First arrastres were in use , then a number of stamp mills .
The Union Hill School District , established in 1868 , continues to operate in Grass Valley , though at a different location .
Beginning in 1876 , travelers could reach Union Hill via the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad . Its station was located on the Union Hill road , southeast of Grass Valley and northwest of Colfax .
The Union Hill mine was a good producer of gold for many years .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Sebastian is one of the main characters from William Shakespeare 's play Twelfth Night , believed to have been written around 1600 or 1601 .
Background
Sebastian is the twin brother of Viola . After the beginning of the play , Viola mentions that her brother Sebastian is drowned in the sea .
The next appearance of Sebastian denies this , as he has been rescued by Antonio , a sea captain who looks after Sebastian at some risk to himself . After three months with Antonio , Sebastian decides to set out to Illyria , ruled by Duke Orsino . Meanwhile , Viola has disguised herself as a male page named Cesario and works for the Duke . A love triangle situation ensues , where the Duke is in love with Countess Olivia , Viola falls in love with the Duke , and Olivia falls in love with Viola , thinking she is a man .
Because they look so much alike , when Olivia sees Sebastian later , after he has not backed down from a challenge by Sir Andrew Aguecheek , she thinks he is `` Cesario '' . She asks him to marry her , to which Sebastian agrees . When Viola appears with the duke , the siblings are reunited and the Duke resolves to marry Viola .
Character interpretation
Sebastian 's character is necessary to allow Viola to unravel the roles she has accumulated in the play , and to allow her to return to being a woman , and allowing her to marry Orsino . Sebastian also has a part of his own ; later on he marries Countess Olivia , whom Orsino had previously loved .
References
Sources
Guide to Twelfth Night
Google books Shakespeare 's Twelfth Night , or What You Will
Characters in Twelfth Night
Fictional castaways
Fictional twins
Male Shakespearean characters
Pierre-Charles-Joseph-Auguste Lefranc ( 2 February 1814 – 15 December 1878 ) was a 19th-century French playwright and journalist .
Biography
After secondary studies in Mâcon , he moved to Paris in order to attend law school . There he met Eugène Labiche and Marc-Michel . He obtained his license and registered with the Bar but did not practice law for long , becoming more interested in writing . He worked with small newspapers and founded l'Audience and La Chaire catholique . But his passion was theater .
Through his cousin Eugène Scribe , who then dominated the French playwriting scene , he received helpful advice and support from theatre directors . His first play , a comédie en vaudevilles in one act titled Une femme tombée du ciel , premiered in 1836 at the Théâtre du Panthéon . In 1838 , Labiche , Lefranc and Marc-Michel founded the `` Paul Dandré Dramatic Society '' , a collective literary pseudonym for the production of comedies and dramas . A contract formally linked the three theatrical newcomers , who agreed to write only for their new partnership . While the experience lasted only two years , it ended amicably . Labiche , in a letter to Nadar , however , blamed the dissolution on Lefranc 's `` laziness and inaccuracy '' .
Over the next two decades , Lefranc wrote fifty more comedies , mostly with Labiche ( the last , L'Avocat d'un Grec , in 1859 ) .. Except for Embrassons-nous , Folleville ! ( 1850 ) , which was refashioned into an opéra-comique with music by Avelino Valenti and successfully performed at the second Salle Favart in 1879 , none of his plays is considered significant , and many were not even published . He then changed careers , becoming a banker by taking over the Caisse du Crédit public A. Lefranc and Cie .
From 8 July 1867 until mid 1868 Lefranc was a co-director of the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens , along with Julien-Joseph-Henry Dupontavisse . During their tenure the theatre temporarily presented comédies en vaudevilles .
He died on 15 December 1878 in his country house in Suresnes .
Works
Theatre
1836 : Une femme tombée du ciel
1837 : La Cuvette d'eau ( with Eugène Labiche and Marc-Michel )
1838 :
Monsieur de Coyllin ou l'Homme infiniment poli ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
Le Capitaine d'Arcourt ou la Fée du château ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
L'Avocat Loubet ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
1839 :
La Forge des châtaigniers ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
La Peine du Talion ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
L'Article 960 ou la Donation ( with Labiche , Marc-Michel and Lancelot )
1840 :
Le Fin Mot ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
Le Lierre et l'Ormeau ( with Labiche and Albert Monnier )
Si nos femmes le savaient ! ( with Philippe de Marville )
1841 : Un grand criminel ( with Charles Varin and Jacques Arago )
1842 : Les Circonstances atténuantes ( with Labiche and Mélesville )
1843 :
L'Homme de paille ( with Labiche )
Une femme compromise
1844 :
Le Major Cravachon ( with Labiche and Paul Jessé )
Deux papas très bien ou la Grammaire de Chicard ( with Labiche )
1845 :
Le Roi des Frontins ( with Labiche )
L'École buissonnière ( with Labiche )
1846 :
Mademoiselle ma femme ( with Labiche )
Rocambolle le bateleur ( with Labiche )
Frisette ( with Labiche )
L'Inventeur de la poudre ( with Labiche and Nyon )
1847 :
L'Avocat pédicure ( with Labiche and Albitte )
La Chasse aux jobards ( with Labiche )
Une existence décolorée
Un homme sanguin ( with Labiche )
L'Art de ne pas donner d'étrennes ( with Labiche )
1848 :
L'Enfant de quelqu'un , comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts , premiered in London during a tour of the troupe of the Théâtre du Palais-Royal .
Le Baromètre , ou la Pluie et le Beau Temps ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
A moitié chemin ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
Le Club champenois ( with Labiche )
Une tragédie chez M. Grassot ( with Labiche )
À bas la famille ou les Banquets ( with Labiche )
1849 :
Les Manchettes d'un vilain ( with Labiche and Saint-Yves )
Un monsieur qui pose ( with Labiche and Philippe de Marville )
Une dent sous Louis XV ( with Labiche )
Trompe-la-balle ( with Labiche )
1850 :
Les Prétendus de Gimblette ( with Labiche , Marc-Michel and Matharel de Fiennes )
Embrassons-nous , Folleville ! ( with Labiche )
Les Roués innocents
Une idée fixe
1851 : En manches de chemise ( with Labiche and Nyon )
1852 : Piccolet ( with Labiche and Armand Montjoye )
1853 : Un ut de poitrine ( with Labiche )
1854 : Un mauvais coucheur
1855 : Les Précieux ( with Labiche and Marc-Michel )
1859 : L'Avocat d'un grec ( with Labiche )
Notes
Bibliography
Letellier , Robert Ignatius ( 2010 ) . Opéra-Comique : A Sourcebook . Newcastle upon Tyne : Cambridge Scholars . .
Wild , Nicole ( [ 1989 ] ) . Dictionnaire des théâtres parisiens au XIXe siècle : les théâtres et la musique . Paris : Aux Amateurs de livres . . ( paperback ) . View formats and editions at WorldCat .
Wild , Nicole ; Charlton , David ( 2005 ) . Théâtre de l'Opéra-Comique Paris : répertoire 1762-1972 . Sprimont , Belgium : Editions Mardaga . .
External links
Notice d'autorité de la BnF
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
19th-century French journalists
French male journalists
French bankers
People from Saône-et-Loire
1814 births
1878 deaths
19th-century French male writers
`` Christmas Eve '' ( , Noch pered Rozhdestvom , which literally translates as `` The Night Before Christmas '' ) is the first story in the second volume of the collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol .
Plot
The story opens with a description of the winter scenery of Dikanka , Ukraine , a witch flying across the night sky and the devil stealing the moon and hiding it in his pocket , first playing with it in the sky , which no one in the village notices . Since it is the night before Christmas , the devil is free to roam around and torment people as he pleases , so he decides to find a way to get back at the village blacksmith , Vakula , because he paints religious art in the church .
In the village lives a Cossack named Choub , whose daughter Oksana , an exceptionally beautiful village girl loved by all the young boys , is the object of the blacksmith Vakula 's affection . Choub goes out in the night with his cousin Panas to the sexton 's home gathering , suddenly noticing that the moon is not in the sky . Meanwhile , Vakula is trying to win over Oksana , who mentions that his mother , Solokha , is a witch . Choub and his cousin are suddenly engulfed in a snowstorm started by the devil and lose each other . While his cousin finds his way to the tavern , Choub comes upon his home , but the blacksmith , who is visiting Oksana , answers him . Choub can not believe that the blacksmith would be in his own house , and concludes it is someone else 's house . The blacksmith then sends him away .
When Vakula goes back to Oksana , she tells him she will not marry him unless he can get for her the slippers off the Tsaritsa 's feet . While their discussion is happening , Solokha is with the devil in her home , when someone knocks at the door . She hides the devil in a coal sack and admits her guest but more of her admirers continue to arrive , and when her son Vakula returns she has the Mayor , the sexton and Choub himself hidden in sacks ; the latter two were accidentally placed in the same one but remained oblivious to one another . Vakula spots the sacks and carries them to his forge , taking them for coal ; their excessive weight makes him think he must have lost his strength , and concludes it had to do with Oksana not loving him . He comes upon Oksana , who again belittles him , and runs off saying goodbye to her , threatening to kill himself .
He decides the only way to win her is to indeed capture the slippers , so he goes to Puzaty Patsyuk , a local Zaporozhian Cossack who is believed to be in league with the devil . Vakula asks him to tell him the way to find the devil while Patsyuk eats magical varenyky that fly down into a basin of cream and then into his mouth , Vakula brushes one aside as it rubs cream on his closed lips . After asking Patsyuk about the devil , he remarks that he can not give directions to the blacksmith to what is already on his back . Vakula does not understand until he puts down the sacks and the devil hops onto his back . Vakula tricks the devil into thinking he will obey him , then grabs his tail and threatens to use the sign of the cross until he agrees to help .
Fearing the cross , the devil takes him into the sky en route to St. Petersburg , leaving the sacks behind . A group of locals begins to take the bags and discover the men inside , while Vakula goes to find the Tsaritsa . He is amazed by the sights of the city , and has the devil ( who shrinks into his pocket ) transport him into the palace , where he meets up with a few Zaporozhian Cossacks who are meeting her ( i.e. , Catherine the Great ) . When she comes to greet them , the blacksmith appeals to her and glorifies her slippers , which she finds amusing and agrees to give to him .
In the meantime Oksana gets upset because the villagers have been passing around the rumor that Vakula has killed himself . She knows that Vakula , a good Christian , would not do this , and that night she falls deeply in love with him . She is delighted to see him return and agrees to marry him even before he shows her the slippers . They get married and the story ends with a bishop passing by their beautifully painted house . In the church the blacksmith has made another painting , showing the devil in hell , which villagers spit on and the women bring their frightened children up to say “ Look what a kaka ( poophead ) ” ( transliterated as : Yaka kaka ! ) !
Adaptations
Vakula the Smith ( 1874 opera by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky )
Christmas Eve ( 1874 opera by Mykola Lysenko )
Cherevichki ( 1887 opera by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky , a revised edition of his Vakula the Smith listed above )
Christmas Eve ( 1895 opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov )
The Night Before Christmas ( 1913 film )
The Night Before Christmas ( 1951 film )
The Night Before Christmas ( 1961 film )
The Night Before Christmas ( 1997 film )
External links
Parallel Russian and English texts of the story .
Ночь перед Рождеством Online text from public-library.ru
The Night Before Christmas ( 1997 film )
Short stories by Nikolai Gogol
1832 short stories
Christmas short stories
Fiction about the Devil
Short stories about Cossacks
Short stories set in the Russian Empire
Short stories adapted into films
MIND CTI Ltd. is a global provider of billing and customer care solutions for voice , data , video and content services . Headquartered in Yokneam , Israel ; the company also has offices in Silver Spring , MD in the United States of America , Iaşi in Romania and Suceava in Romania , and in Germany .
History
Inception , IPO , and growth history
MIND CTI Ltd. was founded in 1995 by the company 's current Chief Executive Officer Monica Iancu , née Eisinger , and Lior Salansky in Yokneam , Israel .
2000s
In August 2000 the company had an initial public offering on NASDAQ , and in 2002 the company 's shares were also listed on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange and were included in the TA-100 Index of leading shares for a while , but in November 2009 , the company delisted from the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange ( ) and now is listed exclusive with NASDAQ .
At the time of its initial public offering the company reported revenues of US $ 8.196 million and net income of US $ 1.514 million for year 1999 , and had raised funding of approximately US $ 15 million from ADC Teledata Communications Ltd. , a subsidiary of ADC Telecommunications , and a syndicate of investors including Summit Ventures . The initial public offering yielded net proceeds of US $ 29.9 million for the company , and in 2001 the company reported revenues of US $ 15.613 million , net income of US $ 3.748 million , and working capital of US $ 46.6 million as of December 31 , 2000 .
In 2001 , the company acquired from Veramark Technologies Inc. all the rights for the VeraBill product line , a mediation , provisioning and billing solution for wireline and wireless mid-size carriers , for US $ 1 million .
In 2005 the company acquired Sentori Inc. , a provider of customer care and billing solutions to rural wireless carriers and MVNOs , mainly in the United States , for an estimated US $ 4.426 million in cash , noting that the transaction carried a goodwill of US $ 6.966 million , intangible assets of US $ 1.871 million , and current liabilities of US $ 5.062 million .
In 2007 , the company acquired Omni Consulting Company Limited ( doing business as `` Abacus Billing , '' ) a provider of billing and customer care solutions in a service bureau mode , mainly in Europe , for an estimated US $ 5.972 million in cash ( including expenses ) and performance related earn-outs providing for payments through the third quarter of 2009 of up to a maximum of approximately US $ 1.5 million , noting that the transaction carried goodwill of US $ 3.339 million ( not including goodwill from the performance related earn-outs , ) intangible assets of US $ 1.577 million , and current liabilities of US $ 1.159 million .
From 2007 through 2009 , the company encountered difficulties with the investment of a large part of its assets in auction rate securities , causing write-offs of significant investments from 2007 through 2009 . However , this write-off were eventually offset through the settlement of an arbitration action against Credit Suisse Group AG . Aggravating the difficulties with the investments , during the 2007 through 2009 time-period , the company experienced difficulties growing , recording no net-new business in 2008 .
Subsequent to the 2009 settlement agreement with Credit Suisse Group AG , the company was sued by an individual investor , purportedly in a class action securities lawsuit , relating primarily to the Company 's investment in auction rate securities . The lawsuit was dismissed in July 2010 .
2010s
In 2010 , the company resumed its growth , securing new key wins , including wins with tier 1 operators and wins related to the deregulation and emerging MVNO market in Israel .
In 2013 , the company announced that it would actively pursue acquisitions that satisfied certain criteria , including proven revenue generation , complementary technology and geography and expected accretion to earnings within two to three quarters .
As of December 31 , 2013 , the company had no employees in the United Kingdom .
In February 2015 , the company started its second location in Romania in the city of Suceava .
In March 2019 , the company acquired Message Mobile GmbH , a provider of enterprise messaging , communication and payment solutions , for a total consideration of $ 3 million , of which $ 2.25 million was paid in cash and $ 750,000 was paid in 345,908 Mind CTI shares . In connection with the acquisition , the Company recorded core technology , customer relationships and goodwill in an amount of approximately US $ 0.3 million , US $ 0.55 million , and US $ 2.2 million , respectively . The estimated useful life of the core technology and customer relationships was 10.75 years and 5.75 years , respectively .
In September 2019 , the company acquired GTX Messaging GmbH , a provider of enterprise messaging communication solutions , for a total consideration of approximately US $ 275 thousand in cash . In connection with the acquisition , the company recorded goodwill in an amount of approximately US $ 0.2 million .
Auction Rate Securities
Mantiloking CDO 2006 and Mind CTI Ltd. 's arbitration claim against Credit Suisse
In the years prior to 2009 , MIND CTI Ltd. had US $ 22.8 million , almost two-thirds of its , then , current assets , tied up in collateralized debt obligation ( CDO ) bond investments issued by Merrill Lynch and structured as auction rate securities ( ARSs ) , which were subsequently written down in their entirety . In September 2009 the company recovered US $ 18.5 million of the failed investment in an arbitrated settlement with Credit Suisse Group AG , its financial adviser , and , subsequently , in December 2009 , the company paid out an extraordinary dividend of US $ 0.80 per share to its shareholders .
In its Statement of Claim , filed on February 20 , 2008 , with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority against Credit Suisse , its investment bank , and certain Credit Suisse employees , the company alleged , among other things , `` that the bank was supposed to invest [ the company 's ] funds in highly liquid , highly safe , 28-day auction rate securities , but - without [ the company 's ] authorization - invested the funds ... in a security called 'Mantoloking [ ARSs ] ' '' and sought recovery of US $ 22.8 million .
The arbitration action was related to the United States vs. Butler , an indictment of two Credit Suisse bankers , Julian Tzolov and Eric Butler , for , among other things , securities and wire fraud , alleging that Tzolov and Butler represented investments in CDO-ARSs as low risk products , guaranteed by the United
States government and concealed or falsified the names of the investments to make it appear that these products were other types of ARSs than CDO-ARSs by removing the term `` CDO '' from the name of the investment , adding the term `` student loan '' or `` SL , '' or doing both ( Tzolov pleaded guilty to in July 2009 and Butler was convicted in August 2009 ) .
As part of the arbitration settlement , the company was also reimbursed for US $ 0.4 million of its legal costs related to the arbitration .
Suit by Sarit Tamar against Mind CTI Ltd. and certain of the company 's directors and officers
During 2009 Sarit Tamar , an individual shareholder in the company , filed a purported class action securities lawsuit against the company , certain of the company 's officers , and one of the company 's directors in the Southern District of New York ( case 09-cv-07132-RMB ) , having allegedly purchased 41,900 shares of Mind CTI Ltd. and suffered losses of $ 21,262.08 . The complaint sought unspecified compensatory damages for , among other things , alleged misleading statements relating primarily to the Company 's investment in auction rate securities . Federman and Sherwood ( federmanlaw.publishpath.com ) represented the plaintiff and Troutman Sanders represented the company . The company defended itself against the suit , and in July 2010 the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York issued a decision , dismissing the complaint against all defendants without leave to amend .
In the order dismissing the lawsuit , the Court noted that plaintiff had failed to establish a strong inference of scienter and failed to plead facts showing a primary violation of the securities laws .
Suit by Mind CTI Ltd. against its accountant , Kesselmann and Kesselmann
In 2009 , Mind CTI Ltd. severed its ties with Kesselmann and Kesselmann , a PricewaterhouseCoopers firm and the company 's accountant during the period that the company invested in auction rate securities , after 12 years of working with the accounting firm .
On or about December 2011 , Mind CTI Ltd. brought suit against Kesselmann and Kesselmann , alleging breach of contract , negligence , and breach of fiduciary duty in relation to the company 's investment in the auction rate securities . The lawsuit seeks compensation equal to the difference between the compensation it received from Credit Suisse Group AG and the approximately US $ 20 million written off ( for a total of US $ 1.8 million , ) the cost of defending itself the purported class-action suit filed against it in relation to the auction rate securities matter , and the loss of return , economic activity , and goodwill resulting from Kesselmann and Kesselmann 's actions . In totality the claim was US $ 5 million ( US $ 1.8 million for the investment that was written off , US $ 150,000 in costs related to claims by investors , over US $ 2 million for loss of interest and yield , and US $ 1 million for loss of business , goodwill , and waste of administrative resources . )
Share Buy-back
In September 2008 , the company 's Board of Directors authorized a plan for the repurchase of up to 2.1 million of the company 's shares , in an amount of up to US $ 2.8 million . As of December 31 , 2008 , the Company had repurchased 2.1 million shares at a total purchase price of approximately US $ 1.6 million .
In February 2009 , the Board of Directors authorized additional repurchases of the company 's shares in the total amount of US $ 1.2 million pursuant to the 2008 repurchase plan . As of December 31 , 2009 , the Company had purchased an aggregate amount of 3,165,092 shares at a total purchase price of US $ 2.8 million .
In November 2009 , the Board of Directors authorized a new plan for the repurchase of the company 's shares , in an amount in cash of up to US $ 1.8 million . As of December 31 , 2011 , no repurchases had been made under this new plan and it became non-active .
In August 2012 , the company authorized the re-activation of the 2009 plan allowing for the repurchase of the company 's ordinary shares in the open market in an amount in cash of up to US $ 1.8 million .
Dividend
For a technology company , MIND CTI Ltd has an unusual dividend policy in that it , based on certain approvals by its Board of Directors and , in some special situations , the Courts of Israel , pays out ordinary dividends amounting to approximately the company 's net income for the previous year ( once a year , a cash dividend will be distributed , subject to review and approval by the company 's board of directors , and the dividend amount will be equal to the company 's EBITDA plus financial income ( expenses ) minus taxes on income . )
From 2003 the company has issued both ordinary dividends under this policy and extraordinary dividends for a total of US $ 5.30 per share :
In March of 2009 , the company shares traded at $ 0.64 per share . In December of 2009 , the company paid dividends of $ 0.8 per share . From March of 2009 through April of 2020 , the company has issued $ 3.73 in dividend per share , for a hypothetical dividend gain of 582 % on a share purchase in March of 2009 .
Products
MIND CTI products include :
VoIP and NGN Billing
Convergent Operational and Business Support Solutions ( OSS/BSS )
3G Mobile Billing solutions
MVNO and MVNE OSS/BSS solutions
Broadband and Cable OSS/BSS solutions
WiMAX Billing solutions
Integrated Point of Sale solutions for GSM and CDMA operators
Turnkey Prepaid solutions
SMS Solutions
Customers
The company 's customers include communication providers as well as new service providers in over 40 countries across the globe , including CellCom , EastLink , Romtelecom , Moldtelecom , China Unicom , H3G Italy , Intelco International Telecommunications , Telefónica Del Peru , SingTel , Sri Lanka Telecom , and Verizon .
Historically , the company 's OSS/BSS business has targeted tier 2 and tier 3 wireless , wireline , ISP , and cable operators . Lately , however , the company has won deals with tier 1 operators and has won significant MVNO and MVNE centric deals in Israel , and in February 2011 , the company announced plans to significantly increase the company 's employee base in the first half of 2012 to support new projects and the multiple requests of engineering resources it had received from its growing customer base .
See also
List of Israeli companies quoted on the Nasdaq
List of VoIP companies
Silicon Wadi
Startup Village , Yokneam
References
Software companies of Israel
Customer relationship management software companies
VoIP companies of Israel
The is an AC electric multiple unit ( EMU ) train type operated by Hokkaido Railway Company ( JR Hokkaido ) on Sapporo area suburban services in Hokkaido , Japan since 1996 .
Formation
, 21 three-car sets are in service , numbered G-101 to G121 , and based at Sapporo Depot . The trainsets are formed as follows , with one motored intermediate car and two non-powered driving trailer cars .
Car 2 is fitted with one N-PS785 single-arm pantograph .
Interior
Seating consists of longitudinal bench seating throughout , without the vestibule areas used on the earlier 721 series trains .
History
A total of 63 vehicles ( 21 sets ) were delivered to Sapporo Depot between 1996 and 2006 . The first units entered service from 24 December 1996 .
From the start of 22 March 1997 timetable revision , 731 series EMUs were operated in multiple with KiHa 201 series DMU sets over certain routes .
Polycarbonate window protectors were added in 2002 , and the original pantographs were replaced with single-arm pantographs between 2004 and 2005 .
Fleet history
The individual build histories of the fleet are as follows .
References
Electric multiple units of Japan
Hokkaido Railway Company
Train-related introductions in 1996
20 kV AC multiple units
Vierling may refer to persons named Vierling :
Johann Gottfried Vierling , German composer ( 1750–1813 )
Georg Vierling , German composer ( 1820–1901 )
C. Kersey Vierling , California Superintendent of Public Instruction in the 1930s
Wilhelm Johannes Vierling , mayor of German city of Leipzig in 1945
Christine Nordhagen-Vierling , Canadian wrestler
Alfred Vierling , Dutch far right politician and activist
Oskar Vierling , German professor and inventor of the Electrochord
Vierling may also refer to :
a combination gun with four barrels ( from the German word for quadruplet )
a German telecom company
The Dutch/German term for a Quadruplet ( Literally : fourling )
This is a list of Austrian football transfers in the 2016–17 winter transfer window . Only transfers of the Austrian Football Bundesliga and Austrian Football First League are listed .
Austrian Football Bundesliga
Note : Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality .
FC Red Bull Salzburg
In :
Out :
SK Rapid Wien
In :
Out :
FK Austria Wien
In :
Out :
FC Admira Wacker Mödling
In :
Out :
SK Sturm Graz
In :
Out :
Wolfsberger AC
In :
Out :
SV Ried
In :
Out :
SC Rheindorf Altach
In :
Out :
SV Mattersburg
In :
Out :
SKN St. Pölten
In :
Out :
Austrian Football First League
LASK Linz
In :
Out :
FC Wacker Innsbruck
In :
Out :
FC Liefering
In :
Out :
SC Austria Lustenau
In :
Out :
Kapfenberger SV
In :
Out :
SC Wiener Neustadt
In :
Out :
Floridsdorfer AC
In :
Out :
SV Horn
In :
Out :
FC Blau-Weiß Linz
In :
Out :
WSG Wattens
In :
Out :
See also
2016–17 Austrian Football Bundesliga
2016–17 Austrian Football First League
References
External links
Official site of the ÖFB
Official site of the Bundesliga
Football transfers winter 2016–17
Transfers
2016–17
The 1990 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season . Head coach Rockey Felker was fired after the season , the Bulldogs ' fourth consecutive losing season .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Mercuria may refer to :
Latin name for Herma
Mercuria Energy Trading
Mercuria ( gastropod ) , a genus of gastropods in the family Hydrobiidae
John Connell ( 25 June 1940 – September 27 , 2009 ) was an American artist . His works included sculpture , painting , drawing , and writing .
Life and work
Connell was born in Atlanta , Georgia . He attended Brown University , in Providence , RI ( 1958–1960 ) , the Art Students League , NY ( 1960–1961 ) and New York University ( 1962 ) where he studied Chinese print making . His first show was in New York in 1962 .
In the mid-1960s , he moved to California , where he worked as the set designer for the San Francisco Mime Troupe . In the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s , he worked primarily in the Southwestern United States , where he painted large murals and was visible in New Mexico 's most respected art galleries , being part of the Santa Fe artist group Nerve and gaining a reputation for his large installations . He is particularly well known for his drawings , some of which are done in charcoal and spray paint and can be as large as twenty feet high and thirty feet wide .
Connell used plaster-of-Paris in the 1980s , and later turned to tar , paper and wax , in large figurative sculptures . He also used bronze , cement , wood , and chicken wire . His works on paper sometimes include elements of collage . In the early 1980s , he mostly gave up using commercial paints and began making his own out of iron oxide and pigments . In later paintings , he used ashes , mud and earth . His work has also included elements of writing and occasionally audio tape .
Connell 's influences included Hokusai , Rembrandt , Balzac , Dante , Giacometti and De Kooning . Buddhism is a central theme , and he cited wabi as his aesthetic .
Death
Connell died onSeptember 27 , 2009 in Mariaville , Maine .
Projects
Some of his better-known projects include :
The Construction of Kuan-Yin Lake ( 1982–1989 ) : A multimedia project that included sculpture , painting , writing and audio and was partially funded by the National Endowment for the Arts .
The Raft Project ( 1989–1994 ) : A giant sculpture/painting project with painter Eugene Newmann . It was commonly perceived as being a takeoff on Géricault 's The Raft of the Medusa .
Public collections holding his work
Albright-Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo , New York
Albuquerque Museum , Albuquerque , New Mexico
Amon Carter Museum , Fort Worth , Texas
Arkansas Art Center , Little Rock , Arkansas
Bates College Museum of Art , Lewiston , Maine
Blanton Museum of Art , Austin , Texas
The Harwood Museum of Art , Taos , New Mexico
The Hess Collection , Napa Valley , California
Manetti Shrem Museum of Art , Davis , California
Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York
Mobile Museum of Art , Mobile , Alabama
New Mexico Museum of Art , Santa Fe , New Mexico
Roswell Museum and Art Center , Roswell , New Mexico
Phoenix Art Museum , Phoenix , Arizona
Scottsdale Center for the Arts , Scottsdale , Arizona
University of Arizona Art Museum , Tucson , Arizona
University Art Museum , Albuquerque , New Mexico
References
External links
Artist 's website
1940 births
Artists from Santa Fe , New Mexico
Artists from Maine
Postmodern artists
American muralists
20th-century American sculptors
21st-century American sculptors
American male sculptors
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
American installation artists
Art Students League of New York alumni
People from Hancock County , Maine
2009 deaths
Artists from Atlanta
New York University alumni
Brown University alumni
20th-century American printmakers
Sculptors from New York ( state )
Sculptors from New Mexico
American contemporary painters
20th-century American male artists
The Battle for the Palladium is an annual college football rivalry matchup between the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders and Troy Trojans . The history between Middle Tennessee and Troy dates back to 1936 , which was the oldest rivalry in the Sun Belt Conference when both teams were in the same league together . In 1999 , the rivalry was renewed after a 46-year hiatus . The lengthy period was a result of the two programs competing in different divisions . That all changed when Troy announced it would make the move from Division I-AA to I-A and join the Sun Belt Conference , allowing the two programs to compete annually .
With both of the program 's history dating back longer than any other in the conference , the proximity between the schools , and the intense recruitment for the same players , the rivalry quickly re-ignited from 1999 to 2001 . The rivalry escalated when both teams unintentionally attended the same movie theater and a few verbal taunts were traded the night before the 2001 contest . In 2003 , The Palladium Trophy was introduced in Murfreesboro , Tennessee . A year later , Troy officially joined the Sun Belt Conference .
In 2008 , ESPN named The Battle for the Palladium as one of the Top 5 Group of 5 conference rivalries in college football .
In 2020 the rivalry was played twice in a home-and-home series . The away team won both times , first Troy in Murfreesboro , then Middle Tennessee in Troy . Middle Tennessee won the second of the two games to take the trophy back .
The Palladium
Greek mythology holds that The Palladium is a wooden statue that fell from the Heavens . It was kept at the Temple of Athena in the city of Troy . According to legend , as long as The Palladium was preserved within the walls of the city , Troy would be safe and could not be taken . However , a Raider by the name of Odysseus—also known as the Raider of Cities—stole the Palladium during the Trojan War leading to the fall of Troy . In the spirit of the Blue Raiders ' and Trojans ' link to Greek mythology , Middle Tennessee and Troy compete in the Battle for The Palladium whenever they meet in football . Legend dictates the winner of The Palladium gains an unknown and unexplainable advantage over the other making it more difficult to regain control during future battles . The history between the two schools dates back to 1936 with the Blue Raiders owning a 13–9 advantage in the series .
History of the trophy
In 2003 , alumni from Middle Tennessee undertook a grassroots effort to engage fans , alums , and the Student Government Associations from both schools to capitalize on the escalating rivalry with a trophy . The Palladium became the perfect match due to the schools ' Greek Mythology ties . Middle Tennessee 's mascot , Lightning , is a Pegasus-like winged horse , and the city of Troy has forever been linked to Greek Mythology . Marcia Berkall , a wood carving artists who own Whittlins and Wood , was commissioned to replicate the wooden statue of Athena and The Palladium was born . The Palladium is approximately three feet tall and is made of basswood . Gold leaf was applied to Athena 's helmet , shield and to the tip of the spear .
History of the series
From 1936 to 1953 , Middle Tennessee dominated the series winning eight consecutive matchups . In those early years , the games were generally lopsided as Middle Tennessee shutout Troy in five of the eight wins . Troy earned its first win when the series renewed in 1999 . In a stretch from 2006 to 2011 , Troy had won six straight and seven of the past eight meetings . The last game was played in 2020 , with Troy winning 47-14 . Middle Tennessee currently leads the all-time series 12–9 . As of 2020 , Troy has won seven of the last ten games , only losing in 2005 , 2012 , and 2020 .
The most memorable game in the rivalry came in 2006 . With Middle Tennessee undefeated in conference play on the final day of the regular season and Troy hoping to beat the Blue Raiders to gain a share of the conference championship , the Trojans scored 14 points in the final 2:19 to win 21–20 in what has been called the Miracle in Murfreesboro . Middle Tennessee appeared to have throttled the Trojans high-powered offense for the entire game and led comfortably when Troy took possession with just over two minutes left . However , Troy scored a quick touchdown followed by a successful onside kick . Troy then scored the game clinching touchdown with seconds remaining preventing Middle Tennessee from winning its first outright Sun Belt Championship . Troy and Middle Tennessee shared the conference championship , but it was Troy who went on to the New Orleans Bowl . Middle Tennessee was selected for the Motor City Bowl .
Game results
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football
Troy Trojans football
Ernst Werner Techow ( 12 October 1901 – 9 May 1945 ) was a German right-wing assassin . In 1922 , he took part in the assassination of the Foreign Minister of Germany Walther Rathenau . After his release from prison Techow initially joined the Nazi party , but soon fell out with the movement and dropped into obscurity . Late in World War II he joined the Volkssturm . He was killed after being captured by the Soviet Red Army near Dresden on 9 May 1945 . Techow supposedly changed his political beliefs after his release from prison , joined the French Foreign Legion under the name of `` Tessier '' and later embarked on helping Jews escape from occupied France . This unfounded narrative can be traced back a story by George W. Herald of Harper 's Magazine in 1943 .
Early life
Techow came from a distinguished magistrate 's family in Berlin ; his grandfather had been one of the heroes of the liberal revolution of 1848 . In 1918 Techow volunteered for the German navy . After the German revolution of November 1918 he came into contact with counter-revolutionary forces . He joined Marinebrigade Ehrhardt and participated in the Kapp Putsch . After the dissolution of the Free Corps he connected himself with the Organisation Consul , the secret follow organization of the Marinebrigade Ehrhardt . Like many of his comrades he was also a member of the violently antisemitic Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund .
Assassination of Walther Rathenau
On 24 June 1922 , two months after the signing of the Treaty of Rapallo , 1922 , Rathenau was assassinated by two members of the secret , far-right Organisation Consul , Erwin Kern and Hermann Fischer . On that morning , he was driving from his house in Grunewald to the Foreign Office in the Wilhelmstraße , as he did nearly daily . During the trip his vehicle was passed by another in which three men were sitting . While passing , Kern shot Rathenau with an MP 18 submachine gun and Fischer threw a hand grenade into the car , before Techow quickly drove them away . A memorial stone in the Koenigsallee in Berlin-Grunewald marks the scene of the crime . Rathenau was fervently mourned in Germany . The news of his death lead to turmoil in the Reichstag and prompted millions of Germans to rally against terrorism .
Arrest and trial
Since a confidant bragged about the plot in public , the assassins were identified within days . Techow was turned in by relatives on 29 June . Kern and Fischer managed to escape their pursuers until they were cornered in the Thuringian castle Saaleck on July 17 . After Kern was killed by a stray bullet , Fischer took his own life . So at the murder trial in October 1922 Techow was the only defendant indicted for murder . He narrowly escaped capital punishment , when in a last-minute confession he convinced the court that he had acted under duress , as Kern threatened to kill him when he tried to withdraw from the murder plot . Thus he got away with 15 years in prison for accessory to murder . He also may have benefitted by a letter which had been written by Mathilde Rathenau , the victim 's mother , to Techow 's mother : In grief unspeakable , I give you my hand . You , of all women , the most pitiable . Say to your son that in the name and spirit of him who was murdered , I forgive , even as God may forgive , if before an earthly judge he makes a full and frank confession of his guilt , and before a heavenly one repent . Had he known my son , the noblest man earth bore , he had rather turned the weapon on himself than on him . May these words give peace to your soul ....
Techow 's sentence was reduced by an amnesty in 1928 . Upon his release from Roter Ochse prison in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt on 7 January 1930 he was welcomed by delegations of the local chapters of Der Stahlhelm , the German National People 's Party and the NSDAP . Techow himself joined the Nazi party , the SA and the editorial staff of the Berlin Nazi newspaper Der Angriff in early 1931 . Alienated by Hitler 's politics he took part in the Stennes Revolt and was expelled from the party in April 1931 . His last noted public appearance was in October 1933 , when a monument for his fellow assassins Fischer and Kern was unveiled in Saaleck . In 1934 he published an apologetic pamphlet about Rathenau 's assassination .
During the following years Techow worked for the Deutsche Umsiedlungs-Treuhand-Gesellschaft . In May 1941 he enlisted in the German navy . He was a war correspondent , until he was severely injured while the ship he was on was sunk in October 1942 . Shortly before the end of the war he joined the Volkssturm . He was taken prisoner of war at the military training ground of Königsbrück near Dresden and allegedly killed by a Soviet soldier because of a misunderstanding . The certified date of his death is 9 May 1945 .
The legend of `` Tessier ''
In April 1943 the American journalist George W. Herald published the story `` My favorite Assassin '' . He claimed to have met a captain of the French foreign legion with the name of Tessier in 1940 . This captain , Herald claimed , turned out to be Ernst Werner Techow . He had been deeply moved by Mathilde Rathenau 's letter , abstained from antisemitism and joined the French foreign legion . In 1941 , Herald further reported , Techow-Tessier helped save hundreds of Jews in Marseilles .
Although this story was soon called into question because of some major inconsistences it still took on a life of its own . By reconstructing Techow 's biography historian Martin Sabrow has proved the story to be completely unfounded .
In popular media
Conspiracy against the Republic : Der Mord an Walther Rathenau The assassination of Walther Rathenau directed by Heinrich Billstein
Jack Mayer 's award-winning historical fiction , `` Before the Court of Heaven '' ( 2015 ) tells the story of Rathenau 's assassination and Ernst Werner Techow 's complex and harrowing redemption .
Bibliography
Notes
References
- Total pages : 276
German assassins
1901 births
1945 deaths
20th-century Freikorps personnel
Imperial German Navy personnel of World War I
Sturmabteilung personnel
People from Berlin
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Kapp Putsch participants
Volkssturm personnel
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Walther Rathenau
Patrice Tardif ( June 17 , 1904 – May 1 , 1989 ) was a politician Quebec , Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec ( MLA ) .
Early life
He was born on June 17 , 1904 in Saint-Méthode-de-Frontenac and became a farmer .
Member of the legislature
He ran as an Action libérale nationale candidate in the district of Frontenac in the 1935 provincial election and won . Tardif joined Maurice Duplessis 's Union Nationale and was re-elected in 1936 , but was defeated by Liberal candidate Henri-Louis Gagnon in 1939 .
Mayor
Tardif served as Mayor of Saint-Méthode from 1939 to 1947 .
Cabinet Member
Tardif was re-elected in 1944 and became Minister without Portfolio . He was re-elected in 1948 , but was defeated in 1952 .
Legislative Councillor
He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec in 1952 and represented the division of De la Vallière until the institution was abolished in 1968 .
Death
He died on May 1 , 1989 .
Footnotes
1904 births
1989 deaths
Action libérale nationale MNAs
Mayors of places in Quebec
Union Nationale ( Quebec ) MLCs
Union Nationale ( Quebec ) MNAs
Canadian farmers
People from Chaudière-Appalaches
Aşağıörenbaşı is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . In 2010 , it had a population of 78 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
United States Army Republic of Vietnam ( USARV ) was a corps-level support command of the United States Army in the Vietnam War .
Establishment
Although the U.S. Army Support Group was the Army component command within Military Assistance Command , Vietnam ( MACV ) in 1962 , its functions were limited to logistical and administrative matters and excluded operational matters , which were the concern of the chief of Military Assistance Advisory Group , Vietnam . Neither of the headquarters could qualify as a true Army ground component command .
In late 1964 and early 1965 , when a major buildup of U.S. Army ground combat forces in South Vietnam was imminent , planners from U.S. Army , Pacific and the Department of the Army began to restudy current command arrangements . The ever-growing responsibilities of the Army Support Command , especially its duties as the U.S. Army component headquarters , precluded its reorganization into a logistical command , as envisaged in contingency plans . These developments strengthened the arguments of planners who wanted an Army headquarters to command U.S. Army ground forces . In view of the possible deployment of major Army ground combat forces to South Vietnam , the Army Chief of Staff , General Harold K. Johnson , recommended to the Joint Chiefs of Staff in March 1965 that a separate U.S. Army component command , under the operational control of the MACV commander , be established in South Vietnam . Under his proposal , administrative and logistical functions concerning U.S. Army activities would be transferred from MACV headquarters to the new component command ; the Army advisory effort would be similarly shifted , although the MACV commander would retain operational control . Under this arrangement , MACV would be relieved of administrative functions not directly related to combat or tactical operations .
The Commander in Chief , Pacific , Admiral U. S. Grant Sharp Jr. and the MACV commander , General William Westmoreland , both opposed Johnson 's recommendation . On the other hand , MACV 's Chief of Staff , Major General Richard G. Stilwell , held that an Army component command would prove to be a valuable coordinating link between MACV , the U.S. Army , Pacific and the U.S. Army Support Command . Through July 1965 there was a constant exchange of views between Westmoreland and General John K. Waters , Commander in Chief , U.S. Army , Pacific , concerning the establishment of a separate Army component command under MACV . Waters favored an Army component command with its own commander . Westmoreland , however , proposed : that the U.S. Army Support Command be redesignated U.S. Army , Vietnam ( USARV ) ; that he personally retain the responsibilities of the Army component commander and be made Commanding General , USARV ; that the incumbent commanding general of the U.S. Army Support Command be redesignated Deputy Commanding General , USARV ; and that all Army units deployed to South Vietnam be assigned to the USARV headquarters . Westmoreland further recommended the establishment of several Army corps level headquarters in South Vietnam which , under his operational control , would conduct U.S. combat operations in their respective tactical zones . Westmoreland 's proposals were approved by Waters and the Department of the Army , and on 20 July 1965 a letter of instruction from U.S. Army , Pacific , headquarters spelled out the new command relationship .
The appointment of Westmoreland as USARV 's commanding general was a step away from the creation of a true Army component command . Although the MACV commander had been the Army component commander since August 1963 , the senior Army headquarters in Vietnam had had its own commanding general . With the change of July 1965 , both positions were occupied by the same individual , Westmoreland . Thus he was put in the position of having to serve two masters : the Commander in Chief , Pacific , and the Commander in Chief , U.S. Army , Pacific . Similarly , U.S. Army organizations in South Vietnam were responsible to the head of MACV for combat operations and to the commander in chief of U.S. Army , Pacific , for Army matters . The overlapping chains of command resulted in duplication and confusion within the MACV-USARV structure .
Function
In May 1966 Westmoreland asked Lieutenant General Jean E. Engler , Deputy Commanding General , USARV , to study whether USARV headquarters should assume the Army 's logistical advisory functions , which at the time were being performed by MACV 's J-4 section , the Logistics Directorate . After completion of his survey , Engler made several observations and recommendations . The entire Army military assistance and
advisory effort should , he contended , be the exclusive function of USARV , freeing MACV to concentrate on the control of its components . Engler concluded that MACV was no longer operating as a military assistance command in the true sense of the term , since U.S. tactical forces had been so greatly increased and their mission expanded . Engler maintained that logistics should not be separated from operations and advisory activities , and therefore these functions should be performed by USARV , in an expanded role as a full-fledged Army component . As a result of Engler 's appraisal , logistic advisory functions were transferred to USARV headquarters , but the broader question of USARV 's status was not resolved . Lieutenant General Bruce Palmer , Jr. , who succeeded Engler on 1 July 1967 , elevated the logistic advisory group within the USARV staff to a general staff section , which he designated the Military Assistance Section . This action was prompted by Palmer 's conviction that logistic advisory responsibilities were equal in importance to the mission of supporting U.S. troops .
In the summer of 1967 a study called Project 640 was conducted by MACV . Its purpose was to examine the problems that had arisen because the MACV organization lacked a single staff focal point to coordinate and monitor all aspects of the assistance effort . As a result of the study , Westmoreland established the post of Assistant Chief of Staff , Military Assistance , in the MACV staff to provide that focus . He also appointed a temporary committee to determine what functions could be transferred between MACV and USARV headquarters . On the committee 's recommendation , logistic advisory functions were transferred from USARV , back to MACV in February 1968 .
USARV controlled the activities of all U.S. Army service and logistical units in South Vietnam through ten major support commands and also supervised 71 smaller units under the organizational titles `` offices '' , `` agencies '' , `` groups '' , `` facilities '' , `` centers '' , `` depots '' , `` teams '' , `` activities '' , `` elements '' , `` companies '' , and `` detachments '' .
Its ten major commands were :
1st Logistical Command
1st Aviation Brigade
1st Signal Brigade
18th Military Police Brigade
34th General Support Group
44th Medical Brigade
525th Military Intelligence Group
U.S. Army Security Agency Group
U.S. Army Engineer Command ( Provisional )
U.S. Army Headquarters Area Command ( USAHAC )
USARV was commanded by COMUSMACV , but in practice the deputy commander of MACV actually supervised its operations .
In early 1967 , in order to improve South Vietnamese military morale and reduce desertion rates , COMUSMACV ordered USARV to assume responsibility for improving the South Vietnamese military field ration utilization , for garrison ration commodities and for the distribution system . In addition USARV assigned responsibility for the construction of dependent housing for the South Vietnamese military .
In June 1967 COMUSMACV approved the replacement of a USARV staff section that had handled civil affairs and civic action with an assistant chief of staff for Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support .
By mid-1967 , USARV , 1st Logistical Command , and many other Army units dispersed in Saigon were moved to Long Binh Post to resolve centralization , security , and troop billeting issues .
When General Creighton Abrams succeeded Westmoreland as COMUSMACV in June 1968 he continued Westmoreland 's policy of delegating most Army logistical and administrative matters to his deputy commanding generals of USARV , successively Lieutenant Generals Frank T. Mildren and William J. McCaffrey . Abrams claimed late in 1971 that he held onto the USARV command primarily because `` I wanted control over assignment of General Officers . '' He personally reviewed and approved all assignments and reassignments of Army generals in South Vietnam and exercised a strong influence over which generals the Department of the Army sent to his command .
In early 1969 in order to support the Vietnamization effort USARV established an advisor school at Dĩ An Base Camp to train U.S. advisors who would be assigned to Mobile Advisory Teams .
In May 1972 following the withdrawal of most U.S. military forces from South Vietnam , USARV was merged with MACV to become USARV/MACV Support Command .
In early November 1972 USARV/MACV Support Command began planning for the final 60 day withdrawal of U.S. Army personnel and the support system from South Vietnam . The command was disbanded on 28 March 1973 after completion of withdrawal of all combat and support units .
List of deputy commanders
References
Military units and formations of the United States Army in the Vietnam War
Regional commands of the United States Army
Military units and formations established in 1965
Military units and formations disestablished in 1973
Michel Rodange ( 3 January 1827 – 27 August 1876 ) was a Luxembourgish writer and poet , best known for writing Luxembourg 's national epic , Reynard|Renert [ full original title : Renert oder de Fuuß am Frack an Ma'nsgrëßt ] .
Rodange was born in Waldbillig . He was a schoolteacher by profession , teaching in Steinsel and Larochette , although he later became a city worker in Echternach .
His most notable work was Renert , published in 1872 . An epic satirical work—adapted from the 1858 Cotta Edition of Goethe 's fox epic Reineke Fuchs to a setting in Luxembourg— it is known for its insightful analysis of the unique characteristics of the people of Luxembourg , using regional and sub regional dialects to depict the fox and his companions .
The Lycée Michel-Rodange school in Luxembourg City is named after him . He has been featured on two postage stamps .
References
1827 births
1876 deaths
Luxembourgian educators
Luxembourgian poets
Waldbillig
19th-century Luxembourgian people
19th-century poets
The buff-breasted earthcreeper ( Upucerthia validirostris ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found throughout the Puna grassland and mountains of northwestern Argentina .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland .
It has been lumped together with the plain-breasted earthcreeper based on song , continuous song , duet , and call .
References
buff-breasted earthcreeper
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Puna grassland
buff-breasted earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Hermann Burmeister
The Heating plant and main controls cabin is a technical facilities building in Firenze Santa Maria Novella railway station designed by architect Angiolo Mazzoni in 1929 . The complex is recognized as one of the masterpieces of Futurist architecture .
History
The heating plant and main controls cabin of Firenze Santa Maria Novella railway station were planned between 1927 and 1929 , before the construction of the new station from 1933 . At that time Mazzoni was assigned to the Projects and Construction division of the Ferrovie dello Stato ( Italian State Railways ) . The heating plant was part of a bigger plan that included the Post Office in via Alamanni , the recreational club for state railways workers , the Squadra Rialzo building and the overpass on viale Umberto I ( today viale Fratelli Rosselli ) .
The heating plant was designed to house four boilerplates for the new station central heating system . The main controls cabin 's primary purpose was to house the railroad switches control tower .
The commission for the heating plant was officially granted to Mazzoni in 1929 . Later he was also charged with the main controls cabin , so he then developed a solution to join the two blocks . The project was approved on 9 February 1932 by decree by Costanzo Ciano , minister of postal and telegraph services , as a correlated work for the new station with an 11,500,000 £ budget .
In 1933 , Mazzoni gained second place in the competition for the Santa Maria Novella station , equal with Sot-Sass , Ferrati and Pascoletti . The competition was won by the Gruppo Toscano ( Tuscan Group ) , of which Giovanni Michelucci and Italo Gamberini were the most notable members .
The same year , the contract for the construction of the heating plant and main controls cabin was awarded on 4 July to the Bianchi Gabriello & Figli building firm , to be completed two years later , on 15 June , just before the new railway station .
The contract for the iron works , the four boilerplates with vertical water tubes and three drums , their `` Prat '' type chimneys , the catwalk above them and the helix stairs was awarded to Anonima Pignone in February 1934 .
Design
The complex of the heating plant and the main controls cabin is placed along via della Ghiacciaia , at the corner with via della Cittadella . On the other side it overlooks directly the rails , placed a floor up to the roadway .
The complex presents . two main blocks :
The heating plant : at the ground floor on via della Ghiacciaia , with two technical rooms , one for the ashes and one for the steam accumulators . On the first floor ( at rails level ) , the boilers room and on the second floor the room with the hoppers to feed the boilers .
The main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della Ghiacciaia , with porthole windows on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
These two main buildings are joined and completed with three other blocks :
The two floors building at the corner with via della Citadella . On ground floor the offices and the technical rooms with the pumps ; offices also on the first floor and on the second floor two apartments .
The building between the heating plant and the main controls cabin . On ground floor the local for the coal crushers , on the first floor ( rail level ) the area to dump coal and on the second floor , additional technical rooms .
This building is completed with a semicircular `` hinge '' , with the stairs , the elevator and a volume with cloakrooms .
The complex structure is in reinforced concrete ( frame type ) with different types of briks cladding and truss . The retaining wall on rail side , with the rise of 5,20 m between the street floor and rail floor , is made on stones , tapered with a foundation 2 meters .
La connotazione formale , con richiami e citazioni mutuati dalle esperienze futuriste e costruttiviste , si affida sostanzialmente alla aperta e immediata dichiarazione delle funzioni tecnologiche svolgentesi all'interno .
Critical reception
Since after the completion the building aroused vivid admiration and critics , for its technical aspect . Giacomo Devoto defined the main controls cabin , with its 280 levers to manage railswitches and signals : the most perfect , most complex and complete , the most beautiful that exists in Italy and maybe in the World .
Filippo Tommaso Marinetti , who already praised another Mazzoni work Littoria 's Post Office , enthusiastically appreciated the `` avant-garde '' formalism and especially admired the iron spiral stairs that becomes a catwalk to reach the chimneys , becoming an elegant promenade dangling in space ; the stairs and the catwalk give agility to the whole building , remembering some flighty and elastic musics by Debussy .
Also was sharply bashed , defined as an hideous booth painted in red , < ref > In italian orrendo baraccone tinto di rosso { { cite web|url=http : //www.comune.fi.it/archiviostorico/narratives/000011/000003.html|title=Florence archives - The new fascist architecture|date=2011-06-23 } } < /ref > and only from the 1970s the project has been reviewed in the general reevaluation of Mazzoni 's work .
The reevaluation started with Carlo Severati , who wrote some articles in charge of Bruno Zevi in 1975 , and with Alfredo Forti , who wrote a biography of Mazzoni in 1978 . Also architect Léon Krier , in the same year , described the heating plant as `` the greatest masterpiece of Futurist-Constructivist-Modernist architecture '' .
After this revaluation , the complex has been defined as : The other gem that can match , on the level of quality , against the coeval train station .
References
Notes
Bibliography
Marinetti F. T. , L'architetto Mazzoni , `` Gazzetta del Popolo '' , Torino , 19 agosto 1933
Isola G. , Cozzi M. , Nuti F. , Carapelli G. , Edilizia in Toscana fra le due guerre , Firenze 1994
VV.AA . Angiolo Mazzoni e l'Architettura Futurista , Supplement of CE.S.A.R . September/December 2008 ( Available at )
Further reading
1934 , Una nuova opera di Angiolo Mazzoni , in `` Artecrazia '' , a. III , n. 75 , dicembre
Devoto G. , Il grande valore dell'opera tecnica , `` Il Bargello '' , 31 ottobre 1935
Giovanni Klaus Koenig , Architettura in Toscana 1931-1968 , Torino 1968 , pp . 142 e sgg .
Severati C. , Il caso Mazzoni e le poetiche del '900 , `` L'Architettura Cronache e Storia '' , a. XX , n¡ 231 , gennaio 1975
Severati C. , Mazzoni : dalle poetiche al linguaggio moderno dell'architettura , `` L'Architettura Cronache e Storia '' , a. XX 1975 n. 233 , pp . 714 – 723
Forti A. , Angiolo Mazzoni , architetto tra fascismo e libertà , Firenze 1978
Savi V. , Ritorno alla stazione di Firenze , `` Rassegna '' , n. 2 1980 , pp . 74–88
Godoli E. , Il Futurismo , 1980
Angiolo Mazzoni ( 1894-1979 ) . Architetto nell'Italia tra le due guerre , Catalogo della Mostra , Bologna 1984
Cresti C. , Architettura e Fascismo , Firenze 1986
Gobbi G. , Itinerari di Firenze moderna , Firenze 1987
Puma P. , Cabina apparati della stazione di S. Maria Novella , in AA . VV. , Firenze . Guida d'architettura , Torino , p. 216
Polano S. , Guida all'architettura italiana del Novecento , Milano 1991
Branca M. , Stazione di S.M.N : prime problematiche di un intervento di tutela , `` Notizie di cantiere '' , n. 4
Cresti C. , Firenze capitale mancata . Architettura e città dal piano Poggi a oggi , Milano
External links
Scheda su Regione Toscana , Architetture del Novecento
Petition online to preserve it
Railway stations in Florence
Italian fascist architecture
Futurist architecture
1935 establishments in Italy
Aktaşkurtlar is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 159 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
The Life of Columba ( ) is a hagiography recounting the life of Columba , the founder of Iona Abbey , written a century after Columba 's death by Adomnán , one of his successors as Abbot of Iona .
Adomnán ( also known as Eunan ) , served as the ninth Abbot of Iona until his death in 704 . James Earle Fraser asserts that Adomnán drew extensively from an existing body of accounts regarding the life of Columba , including a Latin collection entitled `` De uirtutibus sancti Columbae '' , composed c. 640 A.D . This earlier work is attributed to Cummene Find , who became the abbot of Iona and served as the leader of the monastic island community from 656 until his death in 668 or 669 A.D .
While the Vita Columbae often conflicts with contemporaneous accounts of various battles , figures , and dates , it remains the most important surviving work from early medieval Scotland and provides a wealth of knowledge regarding the Picts and other ethnic and political groups from this time period . The Vita also offers a valuable insight into the monastic practices of Iona and the daily life of the early medieval Gaelic monks .
Background
The Life of Columba is a hagiography written in the style of `` saint 's lives '' narratives that had become widespread throughout medieval Europe . Compiled and drafted by scribes and clergymen , these accounts were written in Latin and served as written collections of the deeds and miracles attributed to the saint , both during his or her life or after death . Columba was acknowledged as a saint , thanks to the vigorous promotion of his memory , within years of his death . This was long before official 'canonization ' proceedings ever took place at Rome , so Columba has never actually been canonized by Roman authorities in the way that became common later in the Middle Ages .
Manuscripts
The surviving manuscripts include :
A Generalia 1 , Stadtbibliothek Schaffhausen , Switzerland ; vellum , probably written before 713 , Digitized Edition at E-codices .
B1 British Library Add MS 35110 ( B1 ) , folios 96v-143r , probably written before 1165 .
B2 British Library Cotton MS Tiberius D III ( B2 ) , folios 192r-217r , written end of 12th to early 13th century . Due to fire damage in 1731 , there are missing illegible portions on every page , and six folios [ Book I , ch . 2 ( diebus ) to 22 ( genibus ) and 36 ( viro ) to 49 ( omnia quae ) ] are missing completely .
B3 British Library Royal MS 8 D IX ( B3 ) , folios 1r-70r , written in the fifteenth or early sixteenth century . The first 8 folios , [ to I , 3 ( haec puro pectore ) ] are missing .
Books
Instead of relying on chronological order , Adomnán categorises the events recorded in the Vita Columbae into three different books : Columba 's Prophecies , Columba 's Miracles , and Columba 's Angelic Visions .
Book one ( Of his Prophetic Revelations )
In the first book , the author Adomnán lists Columba 's prophetic revelations , which come as a result of his ability to view the present and the future simultaneously . Most of the short chapters begin with Columba informing his fellow monks that a person will soon arrive on the island or an event will imminently occur .
In one notable instance , Columba appears in a dream to King Oswald of Northumbria , and announces the king 's forthcoming victory against the King Catlon ( Cadwallon of Wales ) in the Battle of Heavenfield . The people of Britain promise to convert to Christianity and receive baptism after the conclusion of the war . This victory signals the re-Christianizing of pagan England , and establishes King Oswald as ruler of the entirety of Britain .
Columba 's other prophecies include when he sends a man named Batain off to perform his penance , but then Columba turns to his friends and says Batain will instead return to Scotia and be killed by his enemies . Several of Saint Columba 's prophecies reflect the scribal culture in which he was immersed , such as his miraculous knowledge of the missing letter `` I ” from Baithene 's psalter or when he prophecies that an eager man will knock over his inkhorn and spill its contents .
Book two ( Of his Miraculous Powers )
In the second book , Columba performs various miracles such as healing people with diseases , expelling malignant spirits , subduing wild beasts , calming storms , and even returning the dead to life . He also performs agricultural miracles that would hold a special significance to the common people of Ireland and Britain such as when he casts a demon out of a pail and restores the spilt milk to its container .
The Vita contains a story that has been interpreted as the first reference to the Loch Ness Monster . According to Adomnán , Columba came across a group of Picts burying a man who had been killed by the monster . Columba saves a swimmer from the monster with the sign of the Cross and the imprecation , `` Thou shalt go no further , nor touch the man ; go back with all speed . '' The beast flees , terrified , to the amazement of the assembled Picts who glorified Columba 's God . Whether or not this incident is true , Adomnán 's text specifically states that the monster was swimming in the River Ness – the river flowing from the loch – rather than in Loch Ness itself .
Book three ( The Visions of Angels )
In book three , Adomnán describes different visions of angels associated with the Saint , both those that Columba sees and those that are seen by others regarding him . He mentions that , `` For indeed after the lapse of many years , ... St. Columba was excommunicated by a certain synod for some pardonable and very trifling reasons , and indeed unjustly '' ( P.79- 80 ) .
In one of the accounts , Columba , in this period of excommunication , goes to a meeting held against him in Teilte . Brendán , despite all the negative reactions among the seniors toward Columba , kisses him reverently and assures that Columba is the man of God and that he sees Holy Angels accompanying Columba on his journey through the plain .
In the last Chapter , Columba foresees his own death when speaking to his attendant : This day in the Holy Scriptures is called the Sabbath , which means rest . And this day is indeed a Sabbath to me , for it is the last day of my present laborious life , and on it I rest after the fatigues of my labours ; and this night at midnight , which commenceth the solemn Lord 's Day , I shall , according to the sayings of Scripture , go the way of our fathers . For already my Lord Jesus Christ deigneth to invite me ; and to Him , I say , in the middle of this night shall I depart , at His invitation . For so it hath been revealed to me by the Lord himself .
And when the bell strikes midnight , Columba goes to the church and kneels beside the altar . His attendant witnesses heavenly light in the direction of Columba , and angels join him in his passage to the Lord : And having given them his holy benediction in this way , he immediately breathed his last . After his soul had left the tabernacle of the body , his face still continued ruddy , and brightened in a wonderful way by his vision of the angels , and that to such a degree that he had the appearance , not so much of one dead , as of one alive and sleeping .
References
Bibliography
Christian hagiography
Medieval Latin texts
Marie Pachler ( 2 October 1794 – 10 April 1855 ) was an Austrian pianist . She was an admirer of Ludwig van Beethoven , and a friend of Franz Schubert .
Biography
Marie Pachler was born as Marie Leopold Koschak on 2 October 1794 in Graz , Austria . He fathers , Aldebrand Koschak was a Slovenian lawyer . Her mother , Therese , came from a business family in Vienna . Her parents encouraged her musical talents , and supported her musical and general education . She took music lessons from Heimrich Gugel and Julius Franz Borgias Schneller . During her childhood she performed at concerts organized by her father , and she also presented her first compositions at the age of nine . In the beginning of her musical career , she faced with financial problems .
On 12 May 1816 she married Karl Pachler , who was also a barrister in Graz . In 1817 she met Ludwig van Beethoven , German composer and pianist , who appreciated her musical talent .
She also performed along with Franz Schubert , an Austrian composer , in charity concert , which was organized by the Graz Music Association .
She died in Graz on 10 April 1855 .
References
1794 births
1855 deaths
Austrian women pianists
19th-century Austrian musicians
Touch Chesi Chudu ( ) is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film written by Vakkantham Vamsi and directed by Vikram Sirikonda in his directorial debut in Telugu cinema . It features Ravi Teja , Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead roles while Freddy Daruwala plays the main antagonist , which marks his debut in Telugu cinema . Pre-production of the film began in July 2016 and principal photography commenced in February 2017 in Hyderabad . The film released worldwide on 2 February 2018 .
Plot
Karthikeya ( Ravi Teja ) is an owner of Kartikeya Industries in Pondicherry . He looks after his family very well . His philosophy is `` family is most important '' . Karthik and his family live in Pondicherry . There is a goon named Selvam who robs Karthik 's machinery often . Karthik 's repeated complaints fall on deaf ears . He challenges that he can solve the case in two minutes , so the CI makes him CI for one day to fight Selvam . Meanwhile , Karthik falls in love with a choreographer named Pushpa ( Raashi Khanna ) after a few silly talks and fights .
One day after Irfan Lala ( Freddy Daruwala ) kills a student activist in a pub , Karthik 's sister secretly watches it . She tells it to her brother . Karthik informs this to the police based on the picture of the criminal . The police officer Ramachandra Rao ( Sayaji Shinde ) scolds Karthik that the criminal died long back ago . On the road , Karthik suddenly watches Irfan going on the road . He chases after Irfan but misses him , so he calls the Police Commissioner ( Murali Sharma ) in Hyderabad and asks for Irfan . A flashback is then revealed .
Karthik is actually a dangerous , reckless , zero family emotions , and the duty-dedicated cop who gets transferred from Kadapa to Hyderabad . He goes on a mission to save the daughter of the commissioner , who is threatened by a gang to release their leader . Karthik goes and kills all of them and retrieves the commissioner 's daughter safely .
Irfan Lala and his father Rauf Lala ( Shahbaz Khan ) are two goons hoping to win a by-election so that Irfan can become an MLA . Irfan does not let the CM of the state for rallying in his area called Muzaffarpet . Karthik tactically secures the CM 's rally and makes it successful , and the voting is also successful . Meanwhile , Divya ( Seerat Kapoor ) loves Karthik a lot . Her parents fix the engagement , but Karthik breaks it due to an important mission . Divya gets hurt and leaves him forever .
During a party in an altercation , Irfan kills Shalini ( Kaumudi Nemani ) . Her mother ( Suhasini Maniratnam ) goes on a hunger strike in order to get justice . It is revealed that Karthik was once the student of Shalini 's mother . He promises to take action and urges her to break the fast . During a shootout , he fatally wounds Irfan and himself becomes injured .
In the hospital , Karthik frantically searches for Irfan ; however , Karthik 's father ( Jayaprakash ) cools him down by saying that Irfan is already dead . This is actually a drama played by both Karthik 's father and the commissioner so that Karthik would be close to his family . Listening to all of this , Karthik decides to draw a balance between professional and personal life . He returns and kills Irfan in a cool manner . Upon knowing this , Rauf dies . The film ends with Karthik meeting Pushpa and requesting her to forgive him . They both affectionately hug each other .
Cast
Ravi Teja as ACP Karthikeya / Karthik
Raashi Khanna as Pushpa
Seerat Kapoor as Divya
Freddy Daruwala as Irfan Lala
Jayaprakash as Karthikeya 's father
Sriranjini as Karthikeya 's mother
Murali Sharma as Police Commissioner
Vineet Kumar as Home Minister Keshava Prasad
Pooja Jhaveri as Sandhya
Shahbaz Khan as Rauf Lala
Sayaji Shinde as DGP Ramachandra Rao
Vennela Kishore as Circle Inspector J. Balram
Aadukalam Naren as C. I .
Ajay as Police Officer
Kaumudi Nemani as Shalini
Suhasini Maniratnam as Kartikeya 's teacher and Shalini 's mother
Annapurna as Karthikeya 's grandmother
Vijayakumar as Chief Minister
Satyam Rajesh as Rajesh , Karthikeya 's friend
Kireeti Damaraju as Shalini 's friend
Satya as Constable
Duvvasi Mohan as Constable
Jeeva as Maulana
Venkata Giridhar Vajja as Mallesh Yadav
Sritej as Satyadev
Charandeep as Kidnapper
Appaji Ambarisha Darbha as Muslim Politician
Rajitha
Ananth
Sandhya Janak
Vaishnavi Chaitanya as Karthik 's 2nd sister
Anitha Nath
Vettai Muthukumar as Selvam
Pondy Ravi
Production
Development
Pre-production of this film began in July 2016 after the script approval from Ravi Teja to Vikram Sirikonda . Raashi Khanna who earlier worked with Teja in Bengal Tiger ( 2015 ) was signed in as one of the female lead in September 2016 .
Pritam was roped in for the music which makes his debut in Telugu cinema . Bollywood actor Freddy Daruwala was signed in to play as the main antagonist in April 2017 which marks his debut in Telugu films . Seerat Kapoor was signed in as the second female lead in early May 2017 after considering Lavanya Tripathi and Pragya Jaiswal for that role .
The title and the posters were revealed on 26 January 2017 , marking Ravi Teja 's birthday . The film was officially launched on 3 February 2017 .
Story and filming
Principal photography began on 3 February 2017 in Hyderabad .
Soundtrack
Touch Chesi Chudu 's soundtrack is composed by JAM8 ( Apprentice band of Pritam ) .
Reception
A critic from The Times Of India stated that `` If you 're a Ravi Teja fan , or have seen enough of his movies , then you pretty much know what to expect . Good humour , punch dialogues ( delivered in his inimitable style ) and action-packed storyline had earned him the title `` Mass Maharaja '' , and brought him some of his biggest hits . In Vikram Sirikonda 's `` Touch Chesi Chudu '' , Ravi Teja is meaner and leaner than he ever was , but the script lacks any of the attributes that made him a successful star in the first place . With a shoddy screenplay and an unimaginative storyline , `` Touch Chesi Chudu '' is a cumbersome watch '' .
References
External links
2018 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Films featuring songs by Pritam
2018 directorial debut films
Films shot in Hyderabad , India
Indian police films
Indian action films
Fictional portrayals of the Telangana Police
2018 action films
2010s police films
WTOU may refer to :
WTOU ( AM ) , a radio station ( 1660 AM ) in Kalamazoo , Michigan
WTOU ( 1560 AM ) , a defunct radio station in Portage , Michigan , which held the call sign WTOU from 2019 to 2020
WFAT ( AM ) , a radio station ( 930 AM ) in Battle Creek , Michigan , which held the call sign WTOU from 2014 to 2019
WARF , a radio station ( 1350 AM ) in Akron , Ohio , which held the call sign WTOU from 1994 to 2005
The GN convoys were a series of Caribbean convoys which ran during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II .
They take their name from the route : Guantanamo , Cuba to New York City
Overview
The GN series was the reverse of NG series that ran from August 1942 until 18 May 1945 . There were 207 GN convoys , comprising 4,313 individual ship listings and 18 escorts . Some of the ships listed in a convoy did not always make the complete trip between Guantanamo and New York though , a few returned to Guantanamo , stopped at Charleston , South Carolina , or other ports .
Convoy List
1942
1943
Only one convoy was attacked , 13 March 1943 , by , which resulted in two ships being lost .
1944
1945
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Books
Online resources
External links
Full listing of ships sailing in GN convoys
GN 0
Battle of the Atlantic
Caribbean Sea operations of World War II
Inside Iraq : The Untold Stories ( 2004 ) is an Iraq War documentary film directed and written by Mike Shiley .
Cast
Mike Shiley
Production
Mike Shiley wrote and directed the documentary . Sharon Okonek was the executive producer and Page Ostrow and Rick Ray were the executive producers . The music of the film was composed by Thomas Schroyer . Editing was done by Lindsey Goodwin-Grayzel , Wolfie Pfrommer , and Rick Ray .
References
External links
2004 documentary films
2004 films
Documentary films about the Iraq War
Alexander Húščava ( 4 January 1906 , Lamač – 9 August 1969 , Lamač ) was a Slovak historian , pioneer in auxiliary sciences of history in Slovakia , founder of the department of archival studies at the Faculty of Arts of Comenius University at Bratislava .
Life
He had studied at the Faculty of Arts of the Comenius University in Bratislava and habilitated in 1929 . Then , he had worked at the Provincial Archive and studied in the State Archivist School in Prague . In 1931 , he was sent to study Slovak-related documents in Vatican Archives . In 1937 , he became a docent in auxiliary sciences of history . In 1939 , he became an extraordinary professor . From 1940 , he was an ordinary professor .
He was the first scientist in Slovakia who systematically studied and taught auxiliary sciences of history . In the school year 1950/51 , he succeeded in establishing a professional study of archival science at the Faculty of Arts of the Comenius University , led by him until his death .
Selected works
Kolonizácia Liptova do konca XIV . storočia . The Colonisation of Liptov to the 14th century ( Bratislava 1930 )
Ján Literát a liptovské falzá . [ Ján Literát and the False Documents From Liptov ] ( Bratislava 1936 )
Archív zemianskeho rodu z Okoličného . [ The Archive of Lower Noblemen From Okoličné ] ( Bratislava 1943 )
Dejiny Lamača . [ A History of Lamač ] ( Bratislava 1948 , reed . 1998 )
Dejiny a vývoj nášho písma . [ A History and Evolution of Our Writing ] ( Bratislava 1951 )
Poľnohospodárske miery na Slovensku . [ Agricultural Measures in Slovakia ] ( Bratislava 1972 )
References
External links
Prof. PhDr . Alexander Húščava , DrSc .
1906 births
1969 deaths
Comenius University faculty
Czechoslovak historians
William J. Beardsley ( 1872 – March 29 , 1934 ) was a Poughkeepsie , New York-based architect .
Biography
He was born in Poughkeepsie , New York , the son of one of Poughkeepsie 's leading sash and blind manufacturers . He studied architecture in New York City for two years and opened his practice at Poughkeepsie in 1893 . He designed public and private buildings throughout New York State in a variety of popular late-19th and early-20th century architectural styles including the Queen Anne , Colonial Revival , and Shingle Style . In addition to private dwellings , he designed courthouses in ten counties , tuberculosis hospitals for Oneida and Nassau Counties , a welfare home for Erie County , and the Attica State Prison . In 1909 , he won an architectural competition for his design for the proposed prison in Bear Mountain State Park for a relocated Sing Sing Prison , but the project was never carried through .
Selected works
Contributing buildings in the Academy Street Historic District ( Poughkeepsie , New York ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
1895 : Thorne Memorial School , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 .
1902 : Charles Morschauser House , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014 .
1902-1903 : Dutchess County Courthouse , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
1903 : Genesee County Sheriff 's Office and Jail , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
1905 : Hyde Park Firehouse , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .
1905 : Union Baptist Church ( Baltimore , Maryland ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .
1908 : O. H. Booth Hose Company , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
1924-1928 ( renovations ) : Old Nassau County Courthouse ( New York ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
1930 : Parish House of the St. Peter 's Episcopal Church Complex ( Auburn , New York ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .
References
1872 births
1934 deaths
Architects from New York ( state )
imo is a proprietary audio/video calling and instant messaging software service . It allows sending music , video , PDFs and other files , along with various free stickers . It supports encrypted group video and voice calls with up to 20 participants . According to its developer , the service possesses over 200 million users and over 50 million messages per day are sent through it .
History
The product was created as a web-based application in 2005 for accessing multiple chat platforms , including Facebook Messenger , Google Talk , Yahoo ! Messenger , and Skype chat . It was developed by PageBites , and required one 's phone number to verify the users ' account . In March 2014 , support for all third-party messaging networks ended .
In January 2018 , the app reached 500 million installations .
See also
List of social platforms with at least 100 million active users
References
External links
Mobile applications
Android ( operating system ) software
IOS software
Windows instant messaging clients
Cross-platform software
Instant messaging clients
Social media
2007 software
Katie Ruiz ( born 1984 ) is an Chicana painter , sculptor , and activist that was born in Los Angeles , California but now resides in San Diego , California . She uses her art to depict natural forces and symbolism found in blankets .
Biography
Katie Ruiz was born in Los Angeles , California during 1984 and was raised there as well as in Northern Arizona . She was raised by her mother with her younger sister but both her grandmother and uncle have played a role in her life . She has traveled through twenty two countries and this has influenced her work with Latin American textiles . Katie has also moved twenty times and twice during the pandemic . She moved to San Diego in 2017 and currently still resides there . Ruiz received her bachelors at the Northern Arizona University and also pursued an masters degree from the New York Studio school in 2015 . After this , she pursued artwork in a variety of ways and now also teaches art at the New York Studio School and Anthenaeum School . She has also received the Mac Connor Scholarship LCU in 2014 and the Hohenburg Travel Scholarship in 2015 .
She is known for her `` blanket series '' in which she incorporates the symbolism of blankets and Latin American textiles into intimate moments . During the pandemic , Katie used the time inside to interact with her artwork differently . Blanketism is a term that was coined for an art movement that involves blanket symbols to signify specific themes and expression . Katie , specifically , uses them to tell stories , special moments as well as to show intimacy . Other than her work with blankets , Katie has completed forty sculptures and paintings . Several of these paintings are being showcased at a group show known as `` Staff Picks Exhibition '' located at the Oceanside Museum of Art . She also has just recently finished creating a children 's book named Brian the Wildflower as well as has made masks for healthcare workers . Katie during the pandemic decided to create several `` healing alters '' and also used her time to work on the masks for the healthcare workers previously mentioned .
Solo/Group Art
Solo
Brian and the Bugs ( 2021 ) Mural and Installation , New Children 's Museum , San Diego , CA
Waves of Feminism ( 2021 ) Women 's Museum of California , San Diego , CA
San Diego International Airport Exhibit ( 2021 ) , San Diego , CA
The PomPom Project ( 2020 ) Oceanside Museum of Art , CA
1805 Gallery Xicana ( 2019 ) curated by Lauren Siry , San Diego , CA
Mother Rose Cried Many Burdens ( 2018 ) Mesa College Art Gallery San Diego , CA
Artistic Soireé ( 2017 ) curated by Brit Magnuson , Los Angeles CA
Blankets ( 2015 ) Thesis Exhibition at New York Studio School of Drawing , Painting and Sculpture , New York , NY
Group
Staff Picks ( 2021 ) Oceanside Museum of Art , San Diego , CA
MCASD Museum Auction ( 2020 ) , San Diego , CA
Mercedes Matter Award Exhibition ( 2020 ) NYC , NY
Sidewalk Activism ( 2020 ) curated by Jim Daichendt , Oceanside Museum of Art , San Diego , California
References
1984 births
Living people
Wikipedia Student Program
21st-century American painters
21st-century American sculptors
21st-century American women artists
American activists
Artists from Los Angeles
New York Studio School of Drawing , Painting and Sculpture alumni
Northern Arizona University alumni
Tarquinia Tarquini ( 1882 - 25 February 1976 ) was an Italian dramatic soprano and the wife of composer Riccardo Zandonai .
Biography
Born in Colle di Val d'Elsa , Tarquini studied singing at the Milan Conservatory and privately in Florence . She made her stage debut in 1905 and spent the next two years performing in opera houses throughout Italy .
In 1907 Tarquini was brought to the United States by impresario Henry Russell to join his Boston-based San Carlo Opera Company . She made her debut with the company in Boston as Santuzza in Cavalleria rusticana and then embarked on a North American tour with the company . That same year she also performed the title role in the United States premiere of Adriana Lecouvreur at the French Opera House in New Orleans .
Between 1908-1911 Tarquini performed in operas in Austria , Egypt , Italy , and Portugal . Among the roles she sang were Cio-Cio San in Madama Butterfly , Maddalena de Coigny in Andrea Chénier , Mimì in La bohème , and the title role in Manon . She drew particular acclaim for her portrayal of the title role in Richard Strauss 's Salome and , being a good dancer , was notably one of the first opera singers to perform the Dance of the Seven Veils herself ; a move which shocked some conservative critics .
On 14 October 1911 Tarquini portrayed the title role in the world premiere of Zandonai 's Conchita at the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan . Her performance was a triumphant success and she went on to perform the role several more times , including at the Royal Opera , London ( 1912 ) , the Cort Theatre in San Francisco ( 1912 ) , the Philharmonic Auditorium in Hollywood ( 1912 ) , the Heilig Theatre in Portland , Oregon ( 1912 ) , the Metropolitan Opera House in Philadelphia ( 1912 ) , the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago ( 1913 ) , the Metropolitan Opera in New York City ( 1913 ) , and the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples ( 1913 ) .
Tarquini remained busy as a performer up until her retirement from the stage in 1917 following her marriage that year to Zandonai . She had an important success at Covent Garden as Bizet 's Carmen in 1912 and , besides Conchita , Salome was her most frequently assailed role . After her marriage , she lived most of her remaining life with her husband in Milan . She died in that city at the age of 93 . Tarquini 's voice was never recorded .
References
Waterhouse , John CG ( 1992 ) , 'Zandonai , Riccardo ' in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera , ed . Stanley Sadie ( London )
Further reading
Dryden , Konrad ( 1999 ) Riccardo Zandonai , A Biography , Peter Lang ( Frankfurt )
1882 births
1976 deaths
People from Colle di Val d'Elsa
Italian operatic sopranos
20th-century Italian women opera singers
Milan Conservatory alumni
Vrabac ( sparrow ) may refer to :
Vrabac ( surname )
Šoštarić Vrabac , Yugoslav primary glider
Vrabac Mini UAV , Serbian reconnaissance aircraft
See also
Sebastian Harrison ( 12 March 1860 – 19 November 1930 ) was a French art déco architect , and artist , dividing his time between city planning and painting pictures , both centering on the art déco style . Throughout his career he worked in the shadows of other canonised artists , focusing his attention on perfecting his style . He is little known for his artistry , however according to a 1986 book he had a great deal of influence over what was to signify art déco .
Career
During the 1880s and early 1890s , Harrison worked in a city-planner-like position in Nice before eventually getting a similar job in Paris , which would enable him to establish himself as artist . For it was in Paris that he at the world 's fair in 1900 would establish himself as one of the Société des artistes décorateurs . Although a wide array of other names are quoted as influential , he is rarely mentioned . This is believed to be the result of a chosen life-style , in that he did not want fame or success , but only to work in peace and quiet . Even though he is not as well known as other art déco celebrities , he is said to have been highly influential within the Société des artistes décorateurs and a source of inspiration of the likes of Paul Follot and Hector Guimard .
Personal life
Little is known about the personal life of Sebastian Harrison , although it is believed that he was of Irish descent , which would explain the last name not being French , brought up through poor conditions . He was married to Marie Harrison and had two sons , Nicolas and Cassius .
Sebastian Harrison created an international telephone company in 2002 , called 'Cellular Abroad ' , based on the 'problem ' of roaming for those who were abroad at that time and had to buy SIM cards in the country they were going to .
In 2020 he became the United States area manager of the Eliminalia company , which aims to eliminate false and harmful news from the web .
References
Sources
Cabanne , Pierre , Encyclopédie Art déco , Somogy , Paris , 1986 .
Exposition internationale des arts décoratifs et industriels modernes , Encyclopédie des arts décoratifs et industriels modernes au XXème siècle , 2 , Architecture , 1977 [ 1925 ] .
1860 births
1930 deaths
19th-century French architects
20th-century French architects
Kim Wielens ( born 25 September 1977 ) is a New Zealand former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1977 births
Living people
New Zealand women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of New Zealand
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Laurens County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 48,434 . The county seat is Dublin . The county was founded on December 10 , 1807 , and named after Lieutenant Colonel John Laurens , an American soldier and statesman from South Carolina during the American Revolutionary War .
Laurens County is part of the Dublin , Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area . Laurens County has the fewest dirt roads in any county in the state of Georgia .
History
Laurens County was formed on December 10 , 1807 , from portions of Wilkinson and Washington Counties . During the Red Summer of 1919 there was increased racial tension in the area and in August there was the Laurens County , Georgia race riot of 1919 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.4 % ) is water . It is the third-largest county in Georgia by land area and fourth-largest by total area .
The majority of Laurens County is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin . The southwestern corner of the county , defined by a line that runs west from Chester through Rentz to U.S. Route 441 , and then southeast toward Glenwood , is located in the Little Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin . A small and narrow sliver of the eastern edge of the county , from east of Lovett to northeast of Rockledge , is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the larger Altamaha River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 16
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 319
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Bypass ( around Dublin )
State Route 19
State Route 26
State Route 29
State Route 31
State Route 46
State Route 86
State Route 117
State Route 126
State Route 199
State Route 257
State Route 278
State Route 338
State Route 404 ( unsigned designation for I-16 )
Adjacent counties
Johnson County – northeast
Emanuel County – northeast
Treutlen County – east
Wheeler County – south
Dodge County – southwest
Bleckley County – west
Wilkinson County – northwest
Twiggs County – northwest
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 49,570 people , 17,142 households , and 11,549 families residing in the county .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 48,434 people , 18,641 households , and 13,060 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 21,368 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 60.6 % white , 35.8 % black or African American , 1.0 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 1.2 % from other races , and 1.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 14.9 % were American , 7.0 % were English , and 6.0 % were Irish .
Of the 18,641 households , 35.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 18.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.9 % were non-families , and 26.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.05 . The median age was 38.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,280 and the median income for a family was $ 46,466 . Males had a median income of $ 37,236 versus $ 27,406 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,387 . About 16.8 % of families and 21.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 28.7 % of those under age 18 and 19.9 % of those age 65 or over .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 44,874 people , 17,083 households , and 12,180 families living in the county . The population density was 55 people per square mile ( 21 per km2 ) . There were 19,687 housing units at an average density of 24 per square mile ( 9 per km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 63.44 % White , 34.53 % Black or African American , 0.20 % Native American , 0.80 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.40 % from other races , and 0.60 % from two or more races . 1.18 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 17,083 households , out of which 33.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.30 % were married couples living together , 17.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.70 % were non-families . 25.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.06 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.10 % from 18 to 24 , 28.00 % from 25 to 44 , 22.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.30 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females , there were 92.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,010 , and the median income for a family was $ 38,586 . Males had a median income of $ 29,412 versus $ 21,711 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,763 . About 14.70 % of families and 18.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 26.30 % of those under age 18 and 18.90 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Laurens County School District operates the county 's public schools .
Notable people
Eugenia Tucker Fitzgerald , founder of the first woman 's secret society established at a girls ' college was born here .
Karl Slover , one of the oldest living Munchkins from Wizard of Oz ( 1939 film ) .
Demaryius Thomas , wide receiver for the Denver Broncos
Communities
Cities
Allentown
Dublin
Dudley
East Dublin
Rentz
Towns
Cadwell
Dexter
Montrose
Unincorporated communities
Brewton
Cedar Grove
Lovett
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Laurens County , Georgia
References
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1807 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1807
Dublin , Georgia micropolitan area
Band of Joy is English rock singer Robert Plant 's ninth solo album and the first with his new band , the Band of Joy . It was released on 13 September 2010 in the UK and 14 September in the USA .
Background
In addition to the song `` Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down '' , which is the opening theme for the Starz television series Boss , the credits of BBC One 's Luther for an episode aired on 16 July 2013 and the season two finale of the Syfy series Defiance , the album is notable for the song `` Monkey '' . The song , originally by the band Low , is slowed-down to a grinding , spooky Gothic Rock tempo and mood that is different from Low 's version . It is arguably the least similar to other tracks on the album ( except for Satan ) , which for the most part carry folk rock or progressive rock moods . Although it is not a staple at Plant 's live performances , there have been instances where he has performed it .
The album debuted at # 5 on the Billboard 200 chart and at # 3 on the UK Albums Chart . The first single released from the album was `` Angel Dance '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Robert Plant – lead vocals , backing vocals ( 1,2,3,5,11 )
Band of Joy
Bekka Bramlett – backing vocals ( 1,2 )
Marco Giovino – drums , percussion , backing vocals ( 3 )
Patty Griffin – vocals , backing vocals ( 2,3,4,5,8,10,11 )
Byron House – bass guitar , double bass
Buddy Miller – electric guitar , baritone guitar , 6-string bass guitar , mandoguitar , backing vocals ( 2,3,6 )
Darrell Scott – acoustic guitar , mandolin , octave mandolin , banjos , accordion , pedal steel guitar & lap steel guitar , backing vocals ( 1,2,3,4,6,7,10,11 )
Critical reaction
Band of Joy was received positively . Metacritic 's aggregate score for the album is 80 out of 100 , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' . Rolling Stone , while only giving the album a three-and-a-half-star review , ranked it # 8 on its list of the 30 Best Albums of 2010 . Q Magazine in its January 2011 edition ranked Band of Joy as the second best album of 2010 , stating that , `` free from having to imitate his 20-year-old self in Zeppelin , the sexagenarian sings to his strengths here , with Miller and Griffin his not-so secret weapons on an album that pinwheels between gentlemanly country-blues ( Cindy , I 'll Marry You Some Day ) , spooky lo-fi ( Silver Rider ) and charming '60s pop ( You Ca n't Buy My Love ) . ''
Awards
The album was nominated for two Grammy Awards , including Best Americana Album and the song `` Silver Rider '' for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance . Frontman and vocalist Robert Plant was nominated for best British Male Solo Artist at the Brit Awards 2011 .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2010 albums
Band of Joy albums
Covers albums
Decca Records albums
Rounder Records albums
Brigita Matić-Ljuba ( born 31 January 1996 ) is a Croatian judoka who competes in international judo competitions . She is the 2014 Youth Olympic champion , a World Junior champion , two-time European Cadet champion and a three-time European Junior silver medalist . She is the younger sister of Barbara Matić .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Croatian female judoka
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Croatia
Judoka at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Hexamatia is a small genus of Asian dwarf sheet spiders first described by F. A. Rivera-Quiroz , B. Petcharad and J . A. Miller in 2020. it contains only two species : H. seekhaow and H. senaria .
See also
Hahnia
List of Hahniidae species
References
Further reading
Hahniidae genera
Spiders of Asia
Vicki Robin ( born July 6 , 1945 ) is an American writer and speaker . She is best known as the author of Your Money Or Your Life : 9 Steps to Transforming Your Relationship with Money and Achieving Financial Independence .
Early life
Robin was born in Oklahoma , but grew up in Long Island , New York and attended Manhasset Secondary School , where she was a member of the Leaders Club and selected as `` most likely to succeed '' in the high school class of 1963 . She graduated from Brown University in 1967 and initially pursued a career as an actress , appearing as an extra in the soap operas Love of Life and The Secret Storm . Robin quickly became disillusioned with the industry . At the age of 23 , she received an inheritance from her grandmother in the amount of $ 20,000 ( ) . Soon thereafter , she quit her budding career to embark on a road trip across the United States and Mexico . During her travels , she met Joe Dominguez , a former Wall Street financial analyst who in 1969 retired at the age of 31 having saved about $ 100,000 ( ) during his brief career . They would become lifelong friends .
Your Money or Your Life
Brought about by a desire to pursue intentional living , Robin and Joe Dominguez experimented with frugality and simple living and found it was possible to live on a fraction of the money spent by a typical household . Furthermore , paid work could be avoided entirely with a modest nest egg providing the required income . They supported themselves financially by investing in long-term treasury bonds and using the interest payments to cover living expenses . Without the need for a job , they spent their time supporting environmental and charitable causes . Those they worked with inevitably became curious about how the two managed financially . Reflecting on their process , they observed that they took nine steps to reach their financial independence goal – and thus the nine-step program in Your Money or Your Life was born .
The popularity of this subject led to Robin and Dominguez speaking at hundreds of `` financial independence '' workshops . To keep up with demand , a recorded version of the workshop was produced and distributed on cassette tape in 1986 followed by the book Your Money Or Your Life in 1992 . Following an appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show , the book became the best seller with over 600,000 copies sold . Including revised editions published in 1998 , 2008 and 2018 , Your Money or Your Life has sold over a million copies .
Later life
The success of Your Money or Your Life resulted in Robin being associated with the voluntary simplicity movement . She appeared in the 1998 documentary film Escape from Affluenza . After moving to Whidbey Island in 1996 , she became involved with the local community and in 2010 undertook a month-long experiment in local eating where she tried to eat only food produced within a 10-mile radius of her home . She chronicled her experiences in a book titled Blessing the Hands That Feed Us : What Eating Closer to Home Can Teach Us About Food , Community , and Our Place on Earth .
Robin has been mentioned as a source of inspiration for the FIRE movement . This has renewed interest in Your Money or Your Life and she is once again active in the personal finance scene . She is currently the host of the podcast `` What Could Possibly Go Right ? ''
References
Living people
Brown University alumni
American finance and investment writers
1945 births
21st-century American non-fiction writers
The 1987 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season . The Bulldogs finished 4–7 in head coach Rockey Felker 's second season .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
LAB HD is a three-year experiment by Voom HD Networks . It is the only channel in history devoted to video art and experimental film as a continuous flow of ambient television . While it is no longer broadcasting , the channel persists as Voom HD Lab , an outreach effort on the part of its parent company , and it continues to commission pieces from artists and filmmakers .
Voom launched as a DBS ( direct broadcast satellite ) service in the United States in October 2003 . The service offered 21 channels of high-definition video focused on niche audiences . Most of the channels were conventional offerings , but one slot was reserved for an experimental channel called MOOV HD . The channel was produced by Concrete Pictures , a design and production house in Philadelphia founded by Jeff Boortz . The intent was to produce video art for public consumption . The branding of the channel was elegant , but the content was of uneven quality , and it was derided as `` the screensaver channel . ''
Voom assigned Ali Hossaini to serve as executive producer of the channel . He began revamping the programming with high-profile productions , notably a series of `` video portraits '' directed by Robert Wilson and produced by Noah Khoshbin . New strands of programming were introduced , such as Tank TV and Micro TV . The former featured public aquariums and the latter photomicroscopy in high-definition . Concrete Pictures produced a program called Space , which stitched together footage from NASA into ambient video .
Efforts to transform the channel culminated on January 1 , 2004 , when it was relaunched as LAB HD , with the tagline , Experiments in High Definition . Hossaini hired filmmaker Lili Chin to manage a new Outreach Program that would put high-definition gear , including cameras and a post-production facility , into the hands of selected artists . Chin succeeded in attracted a range of talent from the orbit of Anthology Film Archives . LAB HD has deep connections to Anthology Film Archives , where Lili Chin curates film programs and Ali Hossaini serves on the Board of Advisors .
During 2005 LAB HD productions thrived . Director Robert Wilson produced avant-garde video pieces with Brad Pitt , Winona Ryder , Jeanne Moreau , among others . Hossaini also collaborated with Sandra Antelo-Suarez of Trans Gallery on her project , Do n't Trust Anyone Over 30 , a rock and roll puppet show conceived by Dan Graham . Originally staged with live puppets at Miamia Basel , a video version of the show was directed by Tony Oursler for the 2006 Whitney Biennial . The Museum of the Moving Image put LAB HD on permanent exhibit as well .
Unfortunately LAB HD did not meet the criteria to survive as a commercial channel . It had been conceived as an ambient channel , and , in his notes , Hossaini refers to Jerry Mander 's book Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television as a model for the channel . The channel was a continuous flow of non-narrative images and sounds , mostly music . It was meant to provoke reflection not distraction . This presented a weak value proposition from a marketing standpoint , and , on January 1 , 2006 , it was replaced by another innovative format , a video gaming channel that has garnered considerably more attention ( outside the art world ) .
Voom HD Networks decided to keep the Outreach Program under the name Voom HD Lab , with Ali Hossaini as executive producer and Lili Chin as associate producer . Voom HD Lab has supported the work of numerous artists and filmmakers , many of whom had never worked in high-definition video . LAB productions appeared in numerous museums , film festivals and galleries .
Exhibitions
Ace Gallery Los Angeles
Paula Cooper Gallery
Philips de Pury Gallery
2006 Whitney Biennial
P.S . 1/MoMA
Couvent de Cordeliers ( Paris , France )
2006 Tribeca Film Festival
Anthology Film Archives
Alona Kagan Gallery
Monkey Town
Filmography
2006
, HDTV , experimental feature , director : Ali Hossaini
Video Portrait : Princess Caroline of Monaco , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer :
Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Queen Farah Diba , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Prince Alexis Schleswig-Holstein , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Gao Xingjian , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Rite of the Black Sun , director : Bradley Eros , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
The Aquarium , director : Pavel Wojtasik , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
The Landfill , director : Pavel Wojtasik , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Sahara Mohave , director : Leslie Thornton , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Portrait of Shanghai , director : Lili Chin , HDTV , experimental short
Sorry , director : Gail Vachon , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Meredith Salient Field , director : Theo Angell , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Spectropia ( episode ) , director : Toni Dove , HDTV , experimental short
25 Letters ( 3 episodes ) , director : Grahame Weinbren , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
The Tension Building , director : Erika Beckman , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV ,
The Mythmakers , directors : Sabine Gruffat & Ben Russell , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV , experimental short
Poem , director : Mary Lucier , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Light Mood Disorder , director : Jennifer Reeves , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
The Bridge , director : Fred Taylor , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Urban Sonata , director : Jud Yalkut , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV , experimental short
Stiff , director : Jenny Reeder , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Carrara Landscape , director : Angie Eng , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
The Shadow Lords , director : Jose Figeroa , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Light and Dark ( VQ002 ) , director : Benton C Bainbridge , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
Digital Buddha ( VQ003 ) , director : Benton C Bainbridge/Jin Hi Kim , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer : Lili Chin , HDTV
2005
Video Portrait : Isabella Rossellini , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Sean Penn , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Willem Dafoe , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Robin Wright Penn , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : J T Leroy , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : William Pope.L , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Gabriella Orenstein , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Lucinda Childs , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
2004
, director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Robert Downey , Jr. , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Jeanne Moreau , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Isabelle Huppert , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Juliette Binoche , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Marianne Faithfull , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Zhang Huan , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Steve Buscemi , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
Video Portrait : Mikhail Baryshnikov , director : Robert Wilson , executive producer : Ali Hossaini , producer Noah Khoshbin , HDTV
References
Defunct television networks in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 2004
2004 establishments in the United States
Video art
Experimental film
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2005
2005 disestablishments in the United States
HD-only channels
Ayewoubo Akomatsri ( born 15 August 1964 ) is a Togolese boxer . He competed in the men 's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Togolese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Togo
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Bantamweight boxers
21st-century Togolese people
Philippe Verneret ( born 3 July 1962 ) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1988 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1962 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century French people
Mario Pavelić ( born 19 September 1993 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Lithuanian club FK Žalgiris .
Club career
In summer 2013 , he was promoted to Rapid Wien 's first team squad by head coach Zoran Barišić . In May 2018 , Pavelić signed a three year contract with HNK Rijeka in Croatia . On 31 July 2019 , Pavelić was loaned to Sarpsborg 08 FF in Norway until the end of the year .
On 5 October 2020 , he signed with Wolfsberger AC .
In August 2021 he signed with Lithuanian FK Žalgiris . In 9 August 2021 he made his debut in A Lyga against Banga .
International career
Pavelić was born in Austria to Bosnian parents from Sarajevo , and was called up to represent Bosnia internationally . Pavelić has represented Austria at youth levels , from under-16 to under-19 .
Honours
Rijeka
Croatian Cup : 2019
External links
References
1993 births
Living people
People from Eisenstadt
Austrian people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Association football defenders
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
SK Rapid Wien players
HNK Rijeka players
Sarpsborg 08 FF players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
Wolfsberger AC players
FK Žalgiris players
Austrian Regionalliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Croatian Football League players
Eliteserien players
A Lyga players
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Footballers from Burgenland
Euura myrtilloides is a species of sawfly belonging to the family Tenthredinidae ( common sawflies ) and the larvae forms galls on swamp willow ( Salix myrtilloides ) . It was first described by Jens-Peter Kopelke in 1996 . E. myrtilloides is one of a number of closely related species which is known as the Euura atra subgroup .
Description
The gall is often low down on the plant and is a conspicuous , elongated swelling on young branches . The larvae over-winter in the gall .
Other similar looking galls in the Euura atra subgroup are ,
E. atra , found on white willow ( S. alba ) and crack willow ( S. fragilis )
E. auritae , found on eared willow ( S. aurita )
E. salicispurpureae , found on purple willow ( S. purpurea )
E. weiffenbachiella , found on creeping willow ( S. repens ) and [ [ Salix rosmarinifolia|S . rosmarinifolia ] ] .
Distribution
Recorded from Finland and Norway .
References
Tenthredinidae
Gall-inducing insects
Hymenoptera of Europe
Insects described in 1996
Taxa named by Jens-Peter Kopelke
Willow galls
This page is an overview of the list of immovable heritage sites in Limburg ( Belgium ) , alphabetically ordered by town name . This list is part of the immovable heritage of Belgium .
List of immovable heritage sites , in Alken , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in As , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Beringen , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Bilzen
List of immovable heritage sites , in Bocholt , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Borgloon
List of immovable heritage sites , in Bree , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Diepenbeek
List of immovable heritage sites , in Dilsen-Stokkem
List of immovable heritage sites , in Genk
List of immovable heritage sites , in Gingelom
List of immovable heritage sites , in Halen
List of immovable heritage sites , in Ham , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Hamont-Achel
List of immovable heritage sites , in Hasselt
List of immovable heritage sites , in Hechtel-Eksel
List of immovable heritage sites , in Heers
List of immovable heritage sites , in Herk-de-Stad
List of immovable heritage sites , in Herstappe
List of immovable heritage sites , in Heusden-Zolder
List of immovable heritage sites , in Hoeselt
List of immovable heritage sites , in Houthalen-Helchteren
List of immovable heritage sites , in Kinrooi
List of immovable heritage sites , in Kortessem
List of immovable heritage sites , in Lanaken
List of immovable heritage sites , in Leopoldsburg
List of immovable heritage sites , in Lommel
List of immovable heritage sites , in Lummen
List of immovable heritage sites , in Maaseik
List of immovable heritage sites , in Maasmechelen
List of immovable heritage sites , in Meeuwen-Gruitrode
List of immovable heritage sites , in Neerpelt
List of immovable heritage sites , in Nieuwerkerken
List of immovable heritage sites , in Opglabbeek
List of immovable heritage sites , in Overpelt
List of immovable heritage sites , in Peer , Belgium
List of immovable heritage sites , in Riemst
List of immovable heritage sites , in Sint-Truiden
List of immovable heritage sites , in Tessenderlo
List of immovable heritage sites , in Tongeren
List of immovable heritage sites , in Voeren
List of immovable heritage sites , in Wellen
List of immovable heritage sites , in Zonhoven
List of immovable heritage sites , in Zutendaal
Lists of protected heritage sites in Flanders
Abdulmohsen Al-Qahtani ( born 5 June 1999 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saudi Arabian club Al-Raed .
Honours
International
Saudi Arabia U20
AFC U-19 Championship : 2018
References
1999 births
Living people
People from Khobar
Saudi Arabian footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Qadsiah FC players
Al-Raed FC players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Arabia youth international footballers
Olympic footballers of Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Dasarathi Satakam ( Telugu : దాశరథీ శతకము ) is a Telugu Bhakti Satakam , a popular form of Telugu poetry . It was written by Kancharla Gopanna during 17th century . It consists of 104 poems . Dasarathi means son of Dasaratha , who is the incarnation of Vishnu , Rama . The makutam for all the poems end with dASarathee karuNApayOnidhee ! ( O son of Dasaratha , the ocean of mercy ) . Kancherla Gopanna was a devotee of Lord Rama so he sang many songs about him with makutam dasarathi .
Full text
s : te : దాశరథీ శతకము Full text of Dasarathi Satakam in Telugu Wikisource .
References
For external audio link of dasarathi satakam please click on below link
https : //archive.org/details/DasaradhiSatakamtelugu
Telugu-language literature
Indian poetry collections
17th-century poems
Ó Tormaigh is a masculine surname in the Irish language . The name translates into English as `` descendant of Tormach '' . The name Tormach is a Gaelic derivative of the Old Norse personal name Þórmóðr . A variant form of Ó Tormaigh is Ó Tormadha . Anglicised forms of the Irish surnames include : Tarmey and Tormey . According to Patrick Woulfe , the surname is generally found in the Irish Midlands and the south of Ulster .
The form of these Irish surnames for unmarried females is Ní Thormaigh and Ní Tormadha ; both these names mean `` daughter of the descendant of Tormach '' . The form of these Irish surnames for married females is Bean Uí Thormaigh and Bean Uí Thormadha , or simply Uí Thormaigh and Uí Thormadha ; these names mean `` wife of the descendant of Tormach '' .
See also
Irish people
References
Irish-language masculine surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames
Irish families
Surnames of Irish origin
The following is a list of all the squads of the national teams that competed at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup . Each squad consisted of 21 players in total , three of whom had to be goalkeepers .
Players whose names are marked in bold have been capped at full international level .
Group A
Head coach : Pierre Mankowski
Head coach : Sellas Tetteh
Head coach : Tab Ramos
Head coach : Julen Lopetegui
1 . Rubén Yáñez was called up before the tournament began to replace Kepa Arrizabalaga , who pulled out through injury .
Group B
Head coach : Raúl González
Head coach : Lee Kwang-Jong
Head coach : John Obuh
Head coach : Edgar Borges
1 . Ivan Cavaleiro was called up before the tournament began due to an injury to Gonçalo Paciência .
Group C
Head coach : Carlos Alberto Restrepo
Head coach : Feyyaz Uçar
Head coach : Mauricio Alfaro
Head coach : Paul Okon
1 . Hagi Gligor was called up before the tournament began due to an injury to Terry Antonis .
Group D
Head coach : Sergio Almaguer
Head coach : Kostas Tsanas
*
Dimitris Pelkas replaced Taxiarchis Fountas due to injury .
Head coach : Victor Genes
Head coach : Moussa Keita
Group E
Head coach : Mario Salas
1 . Óscar Hernández was called up before the tournament began due to an injury to Ignacio Caroca .
2 . Diego Valdés was called up before the tournament began due to an injury to Diego Rojas .
Head coach : Rabie Yassin
Head coach : Peter Taylor
Head coach : Hakeem Shaker
1 . Fahad Talib replaced Saqr Ajeel due to injury .
Group F
Head coach : Chris Milicich
Head coach : Akhmadjan Musaev
Head coach : Juan Verzeri
Head coach : Dinko Jeličić
Player statistics
Player representation by club
Player representation by league
The Iraq , Uzbekistan and Cuba squads were made up entirely of players from the respective countries ' domestic leagues .
References
External links
Official Squad list at FIFA.com
Official site at FIFA.com
FIFA U-20 World Cup squads
2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup
We Are The Pipettes is the debut album from the Pipettes and is named after the group 's theme song . It was released on 17 July 2006 by Memphis Industries on CD , vinyl and digital download . The song `` We Are the Pipettes '' was featured in `` Everything Changes '' , the first episode of the TV series Torchwood .
In 2007 the entire album was remixed by Greg Wells as part of their United States record deal with Cherrytree Records , and features two new tracks that are not included on the original release : `` Dance and Boogie '' and `` Baby , Just Be Yourself '' . It was released , with a new album cover ( inspired by Attack of the 50 Foot Woman ) , on 2 October in North America and 17 October in Asia .
The album did not include any liner notes , except in the Japanese version which included the lyrics in English and Japanese .
Formats and track listings
UK
`` We Are the Pipettes '' – 2:48
`` Pull Shapes '' – 2:58
`` Why Did You Stay ? '' – 1:43
`` Dirty Mind '' – 2:43
`` It Hurts to See You Dance So Well '' – 1:53
`` Judy '' – 2:47
`` A Winter 's Sky '' – 3:03
`` Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me '' – 2:11
`` Tell Me What You Want '' – 2:32
`` Because It 's Not Love ( But It 's Still a Feeling ) '' – 2:37
`` Sex '' – 2:38
`` One-Night Stand '' – 1:40
`` ABC '' – 2:07
`` I Love You '' – 1:37
International bonus track
`` Really That Bad '' – 02:04
USA
All songs remixed by Greg Wells
`` We Are the Pipettes '' – 2:48
`` Pull Shapes '' – 2:58
`` Why Did You Stay ? '' – 1:43
`` Dirty Mind '' – 2:43
`` It Hurts to See You Dance So Well '' – 2:09
`` Judy '' – 2:47
`` A Winter 's Sky '' – 3:03
`` Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me '' – 2:11
`` Tell Me What You Want '' – 2:32
`` Because It 's Not Love ( But It 's Still a Feeling ) '' – 2:37
`` Sex '' – 2:38
`` One-Night Stand '' – 1:40
`` ABC '' – 2:07
`` I Love You '' – 1:37
`` Dance and Boogie '' – 2:11
`` Baby , Just Be Yourself '' – 3:00
Bonus CD available with some US copies :
`` Magician Man '' – 4:20
`` Pull Shapes '' video
Charts
References
External links
Official site
Pitchfork article on signing with Interscope/Cherrytree Records
2006 debut albums
The Pipettes albums
Toni Mudrack ( born 8 December 1990 ) , better known by his stage name Teesy , is a German singer , songwriter and rapper .
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
German male singers
German pop singers
German singer-songwriters
German rappers
Participants in the Bundesvision Song Contest
Musicians from Berlin
Inergy , L.P. ( ) is an American supplier of propane based in Kansas City , Missouri that claims to be the fourth-largest propane retailer in the United States . Serving 800,000 customers in 28 states . It is also a major salt miner via its U.S. Salt LLC subsidiary with its salt caverns later being used for natural gas storage .
It was founded in 1998 by its current president and CEO John J. Sherman after he sold his start up propane marketing company LPG Services Group to Dynegy . As of November 2010 , the company had acquired 89 businesses – mostly regional and local propane distributors .
It operates 28 states and employs approximately 3,000 associates and has 700,000 customers . .
In August 2010 it acquired its parent Inergy Holdings which had also traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NRGP in a deal valued at $ 2 billion with the resulting company being reported to be worth $ 6 billion . Prior to the acquisition both companies shared the same offices in Kansas City .
Midstream operations
Its midstream operations include
West Coast Midstream Operations near Bakersfield , California which provides per day natural gas processing as well as a rail and truck terminals .
Tres Palacios Gas Storage , Matagorda County , Texas adjacent to the Eagle Ford Formation which has of working gas
Steuben Gas Storage , Steuben County , New York , of gas storage
Thomas Corners Gas Storage Steuben County , New York , of storage
Finger Lakes LPG Storage , Steuben County with LPG storage and Watkins Glen , New York facility of LPG storage .
U.S. Salt Gas Storage Development , Watkins Glen , of natural gas storage capacity in salt caverns .
Stagecoach Storage - of storage in the Marcellus Formation
U.S. Salt LLC Operations , Watkins Glen on Seneca Lake , New York - sells of salt each year and has of cavern capacity for gas
Retail propane services
The company has purchased various regional or local propane operations which continue to operate under their original names including :
Arrow Gas
Blue Flame
Blue Ridge Propane
Blu-Gas
Bradley Propane
Burnwell Gas
Country Gas
Delta Propane
Dowdle Gas
Eastside Gas
Farm & Home Oil Company
Gaylord Gas
Hancock Gas Service
Highland Propane
Homestead Propane
Hoosier Propane
Independent Propane Company
Jenkins Gas
Legacy Propane
Liberty Propane
Maingas
McCracken Propane
MGS Propane
Modern Gas
Moulton Gas Service
Northwest Energy
Ohio Gas and Appliance
Pearl Gas
Pennington Gas Service
Permagas
ProGas
Pyrofax Energy
Rocky Mountain Propane
Shirley Bottle Gas
Silgas
Southeast Propane
Tru-Gas
United Propane
Yates Gas
References
External links
inergylp.com
Energy companies of the United States
Natural gas companies of the United States
Energy in Missouri
Companies based in Kansas City , Missouri
Energy companies established in 1998
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1998
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Propane
Lenino ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 30 as of 2002 .
Geography
Lenino is located 18 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Ignachevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Ingo Borgmann ( born 17 June 1965 ) is a German former water polo player . He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics , the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics .
See also
Germany men 's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men 's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Water polo goalkeepers
German male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of West Germany
Olympic water polo players of Germany
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamm
Bolivia first participated at the Olympic Games in 1936 . The nation has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since 1964 , except when they participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott . The nation has also participated in the Winter Olympic Games on several occasions since 1956 .
To date , no athlete from Bolivia has ever won an Olympic medal , making it the only South American country never to do so .
For Bolivia , their best result in terms of placing was in 1992 in Athletics , when their women 's 4x400m relay team finished 14th out of 15 teams . However a more impressive feat was in 2016 , also in Athletics in the Women 's 20km Walk , as Ángela Castro finished in 18th place out of 74 athletes .
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Bolivia at the Olympics
: Category : Olympic competitors for Bolivia
Tropical nations at the Winter Olympics
References
External links
The J.H.C . Petersen 's Sons Wholesale Building was an historic building located in downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States . It was built in 1910 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
History
The building was one of five buildings that were a part of the J.H.C . Petersen 's Sons ' Store . It was built as a warehouse between 1909 and 1910 during a period of expanding sales for the store . It stood between the Schick 's Express and Transfer Co. building and the former Schauder Hotel . All three of these buildings along with the Clifton-Metropolitan Hotel on the corner of River Drive and Main Street were torn down to make way for a parking structure and the Davenport Skybridge . The property was delisted from the National Register in 2014 .
Architecture
Designed by the Davenport architectural firm of Clausen & Clausen , the building expresses a local adaptation of the Chicago Commercial style . Its internal structure is conservatively expressed in the facade . The exterior was covered in brick , which allowed for the use of large windows and improved daylight illumination on the interior . The wide segmented arches on the fourth floor and above the main entrance are simply decorative elements .
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1910
Commercial architecture in Iowa
Former buildings and structures in Davenport , Iowa
Former National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport , Iowa
Retail buildings in Iowa
Demolished buildings and structures in Iowa
`` Unsatisfied '' is a 1984 song by American rock band the Replacements .
Unsatisfied may also refer to :
`` Unsatisfied '' , a song by The Copyrights from Make Sound
`` Unsatisfied '' , a song by Waylon Jennings from Good Hearted Woman
`` Unsatisfied '' , a song by Nine Black Alps from Everything Is
`` Unsatisfied '' , a song by Pulling Teeth from Paranoid Delusions/Paradise Illusions
Karl Linnas ( August 6 , 1919 – July 2 , 1987 ) was an Estonian who was sentenced to death during the Holocaust trials in Soviet Estonia in 1961–1962 . He was later deported from the United States to the Soviet Union in 1987 .
Linnas was tried in absentia and sentenced to death by a Soviet court in 1962 on charges that during the German occupation , between 1941 and 1943 , he was the commandant of a Nazi concentration camp at Tartu and had personally shot innocent civilians—men , women and children . After Soviet armies forced the Germans out of Estonia , Linnas fought with the German army and was wounded in 1944 . Then he stayed in Displaced Persons camps in Germany until emigrating to the U.S. in 1951 .
Deportation from the United States
Linnas worked as a land surveyor living in Greenlawn , New York until 1979 , when U.S. immigration officials charged him with making false statements to gain entry to the United States .
The Office of Special Investigations of the U.S. Justice Department prosecuted Linnas . In 1981 , the Federal District Court in Westbury , New York , stripped Linnas of his American citizenship for having lied to immigration officials 30 years earlier about his Nazi past . Linnas ' crimes , the judge said , `` were such as to offend the decency of any civilized society . '' A 1986 federal appeals court decision upheld the order for his deportation , ruling that the evidence against the defendant was `` overwhelming and largely uncontroverted . ''
On April 20 1987 , the Supreme Court refused to hear a final appeal . At that point , Linnas was flown to the Soviet Union . He fought with federal officials while being escorted onto a plane . He died nearly three months later , on July 2 , 1987 , at a prison hospital in Leningrad . Linnas became the second formerly naturalized American to be deported to the Soviet Union , after Feodor Fedorenko , whose execution took place in 1987 , the same year of Linnas ' deportation . Shortly after Linnas 's death , it was discovered that the Soviet government had commuted his death sentence to life in prison due to his poor health .
Linnas was reported to have been suffering from `` heart disease , circulatory problems , internal hemorrhaging and cirrhosis of the liver '' shortly before his death .
Citations
References
Ashman , Charles and Wagman , Robert J . The Nazi Hunters . New York : Pharos Books , 1988 .
Henry Kamm . Estonian deported by U.S. arrives in Soviet
Articles about Karl Linnas
1919 births
1987 deaths
People from Tartu
Nazi concentration camp commandants
Estonian collaborators with Nazi Germany
People deported from the United States
Estonian people who died in Soviet detention
Soviet Union–United States relations
Loss of United States citizenship by prior Nazi affiliation
Holocaust perpetrators in Estonia
People sentenced to death in absentia by the Soviet Union
People extradited to the Soviet Union
People from Greenlawn , New York
State Highway 110 ( SH 110 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Grand Saline to Rusk .
Route description
SH 110 begins at an intersection with US 84 and Loop 62 in downtown Rusk and leaves the courthouse square north with US 84 , crossing US 69 on its way to a split on the northeast side of Rusk where US 84 goes off east and SH 110 turns north , out of town . The road intersects with SH 204 in Ponta . The road intersects with U.S. Highway 79 in New Summerfield before crossing the county line into Smith County as it enters Troup . After a brief downtown multiplex with SH 135 , SH 110 leaves Troup going northwest through Whitehouse on its way to Tyler . SH 110 swings around the downtown area to the south and west by way of multiplexes with SH 64 , SH 155 , and US 69 . After splitting with US 69 , SH 110 leaves Tyler toward the northwest . After several miles , SH 110 crosses I-20 south of Garden Valley . Just after Garden Valley , the road multiplexes with FM 16 and goes west into Van Zandt County . SH 110 splits with FM 16 in Van and turns back north . Approaching Grand Saline , SH 110 merges with FM 17 and travels the remaining several blocks multiplexed until it reaches US 80 , the northern terminus of SH 110 .
History
SH 110 was originally designated on July 17 , 1925 on a route from SH 26 north of Nacogdoches northwest to the Cherokee county line . On September 17 , 1929 , it was extended northwest to New Summerfield . On March 19 , 1930 , it extended to Tyler , replacing SH 37A . On August 4 , 1932 , a branch to Rusk was added , along with its original route and a planned connection between the routes at New Summerfield . The branch to Rusk was not added to the state highway log until November 30 , 1932 . On May 15 , 1934 , the original portion had been renumbered as SH 204 , leaving the routing from Rusk to Tyler . On June 16 , 1936 , SH 110 extended to Van . On December 22 , 1936 , SH 110 was extended west via Canton to Kaufman . Of February 10 , 1937 , the section from Van to Kaufman was renumbered as SH 243 , and SH 110 rerouted northwest to Grand Saline , completing its current routing . An extension northward to Alba was added on May 21 , 1940 , but the section from Grand Saline to Alba was redesignated as FM 17 on March 26 , 1942 .
Major intersections
References
Transportation in Cherokee County , Texas
Transportation in Smith County , Texas
Transportation in Van Zandt County , Texas
110
1925 establishments in Texas
The bare-cheeked babbler ( Turdoides gymnogenys ) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae . It is found in Angola and Namibia . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
External links
Bare-cheeked babbler - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
bare-cheeked babbler
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
bare-cheeked babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Markens gate ( English name : Markens street ) is the main pedestrian street in Kristiansand , Norway . It is located in the west of the borough Kvadraturen and the length of the entire street is 1 kilometer , while the pedestrian part is 550 meters and another 160 meters with Otterdalsparken . The streets go from Slottet Mall in the north and is a pedestrian street all the way down to Dronningens gate ( Dronningens street ) , it 's only crossed by traffic from Tordenskjolds gate , Kristian IVs gate and Henrik Wergelands gate before Dronningens gate . The pedestrian parts stretches over 7 quarters . Compared to other Norwegian cities , Markens street is one of the most walked streets in the country .
The street is an important road for the local city bus lines in Kristiansand .
Bus stops :
H. Wergelandsgate/Markens gate
H. Wergelandsgate pl . C , D , E , F , G , H , I
Tollbodgata/Markens gate
Tollbodgata nedre
Crossing streets ( south to north ) :
Strandpronemaden
Østre Strandgate
Kongens gate
Dronningens gate
Tollbodgata
Rådhusgata
Gyldenløves gate
Skippergata
Henrik Wergelands gate
Kristian IVs gate
Tordenskjolds gate
Places
The town square is located in the middle of Markens with the Kristiansand Cathedral . The town square is filled with restaurants and cafes at the sidelines . It starts from Markens gate in the west and Wergelandsparken in the east . Wergelandsparken was created by Oscar Wergeland , Henrik Wergelands brother , in 1859 and finished in 1860 . In 1866 there was placed a water fountain in the middle of the park , but this was later moved in 1908 for a statue of Henrik Wergeland in honor of his 100th birthday even though Henrik died in 1845 . The statue was made by Gustav Vigeland and still stands there today .
Markens gate ends with Otterdalsparken , a park often referred to as Nupenparken since it was design by Norwegian contemporary artist Kjell Nupen whom was born and died in Kristiansand .
Sandens Mall is a shopping mall located with Tollbodgata in Markens gate . It is the largest mall on Kvadraturen . Lillemarkens is a small inside street with stores , it goes from Markens gate to Vestre Strandgate . Slottet Mall is the oldest mall on Kvadraturen , it is located with an exit of the highway to the parking lot .
References
Geography of Kristiansand
Streets in Norway
Streets in Kristiansand
Ted Bates ( September 30 , 1926 – February 20 , 2011 ) was a politician from Michigan . He was the longest serving mayor of Warren , Michigan . Warren the largest city in Macomb County , the third largest city in Michigan , and Metro Detroit 's largest suburb .
Bates ' served as mayor for longer than any of the prior eight Warren mayors since the city was converted from a village to a city form of government in 1957 . He challenged federal officials over low-income housing . Before he first decided to run for mayor he was the city treasurer . He initially had backing from the political machine that Warren 's first mayor , Arthur J. Miller , which enabled him to defeat his predecessor three-term incumbent William `` Bill '' Shaw . A strike by the city 's sanitation workers also contributed to this outcome .
He led Warren 's protest against the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) in the 1970s , when they attempted to require Warren to desegregate the suburbs by developing low-income housing . Angry protesters began rocking former Michigan governor and HUD Secretary George Romney 's car when visited Lincoln High School to explain the federal government 's stance on the matter . He escaped the crowd with help from the State Police .
Bates was a World War II Navy veteran . His rank was Seaman First Class .
References
Mayors of Warren , Michigan
Michigan Democrats
Politicians from Detroit
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Military personnel from Michigan
1926 births
2011 deaths
20th-century American politicians
United States Navy sailors
The 1942 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 3 , 1942 . Incumbent Republican governor Arthur James was not a candidate for re-election . Republican candidate Edward Martin defeated Democratic candidate F. Clair Ross to become Governor of Pennsylvania .
Results
|-
|-bgcolor= '' # EEEEEE ''
| colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' right '' | Totals
| align= '' right '' | 2,548,071
| align= '' right '' | 100.00 %
| }
References
1942
Pennsylvania
Gubernatorial
November 1942 events
The 2017 Australia Day Honours were announced on 26 January 2017 by the Governor General of Australia , Sir Peter Cosgrove .
The Australia Day Honours are the first of the two major annual honours lists , announced on Australia Day ( 26 January ) , with the other being the Queen 's Birthday Honours which are announced on the second Monday in June .
Order of Australia
Companion of the Order of Australia ( AC )
General Division
Officer of the Order of Australia ( AO )
General Division
Military Division
Member of the Order of Australia ( AM )
General Division
Notes :
Military Division
Medal of the Order of Australia ( OAM )
General Division
Military Division
Meritorious Service
Public Service Medal ( PSM )
Australian Police Medal ( APM )
Australian Fire Service Medal ( AFSM )
Ambulance Service Medal ( ASM )
Emergency Services Medal ( ESM )
Distinguished and Conspicuous Service
Distinguished Service Cross ( DSC )
Distinguished Service Medal ( DSM )
Commendation for Distinguished Service
Bar to the Conspicuous Service Cross ( CSC & Bar )
Conspicuous Service Cross ( CSC )
Bar to the Conspicuous Service Medal ( CSM & Bar )
Conspicuous Service Medal ( CSM )
References
External links
Australian Honours Lists , www.gg.gov.au
Australia Day 2017 Honours List , www.gg.gov.au
Media notes from www.gg.gov.au :
Medal ( OAM ) of the Order of Australia in the General Division ( A-E )
Medal ( OAM ) of the Order of Australia in the General Division ( F-L )
Medal ( OAM ) of the Order of Australia in the General Division ( M-R )
Medal ( OAM ) of the Order of Australia in the General Division ( S-Z )
2017 awards in Australia
Orders , decorations , and medals of Australia
The Royal Spanish Athletics Federation ( Spanish : Real Federación Española de Atletismo , RFEA ) , is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Spain . As of 2020 , the federation has 1,411 registered clubs and 89,470 federated athlets .
History
If his first attempt to organize Interfédérale can be made back to 1917 , when the first championships were held in Spain , it was not until March 27 , 1920 that meet in Bilbao a meeting with Spanish Athletics Federation for to create a Federación Atlética Española : an interim board was established , chaired by Mr. Laffitte .
Kit suppliers
Spain 's kits are supplied by Joma .
See also
Spanish records in athletics
References
External links
Official site
Spain
Athletics
Athletics in Spain
National governing bodies for athletics
Organisations based in Spain with royal patronage
Sports organizations established in 1920
Sidi Lakhdar is a district in Mostaganem Province , Algeria . It was named after its capital , Sidi Lakhdar .
Municipalities
The district is further divided into 3 municipalities :
Sidi Lakhdar '' '
Hadjadj
Benabdelmalek Ramdane
Districts of Mostaganem Province
Bridal Veil Falls Provincial Park is a BC Park located on the Trans-Canada Highway just east of Rosedale , British Columbia , Canada , part of the City of Chilliwack . The community of Bridal Falls is located adjacent to the falls and park was well as the interchange between the Trans-Canada and BC Highway 9 and has a variety of highway-based tourism services . Access to the falls requires a short hike from the parking lot and well groomed trails , taking most groups 15-25 minutes .
This Park is named after the waterfall that it encompasses , the 38th highest waterfall in British Columbia , Bridal Veil Falls , however it is commonly stated incorrectly as the 4th tallest in Canada . The falls drop 122 metres ( 400 feet ) over a wide rock face , creating a `` veil-like '' effect , however , only the bottom 200–250 feet can clearly be viewed from the base , due to the viewing-points ' location directly at the base . It is located at the south end of the land set aside as provincial Park . Its source is from Mount Archibald and flows into Bridal Creek where it travels to Cheam Lake Wetlands Regional Park and finally to the Fraser River .
During drier summer months , the volume of the water decreases significantly , reducing the visual effect of the waterfall .
Bridal Veil Falls tend to freeze during cold winters and creates a wall of ice which is often unstable . Because of this , the base of the falls becomes an extremely hazardous area and the park remains closed during the winter season . When the falls do freeze solid , it is a sought-after ice climb , but it is known by climbers for its difficulty and the infrequency of stable climbing conditions .
Bridal Veil Falls was named in the 19th century by the village of Popkum . In the early 20th century , the village used the waterfall with a hydro-electric generator to power the chalet and heated swimming pool in the village . Only the concrete foundation of the generator can be found today .
See also
List of waterfalls
References
Bridal Veil Falls from the World Waterfall Database
External links
Bridal Veil Falls hiking trail description
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Lower Mainland
Waterfalls of British Columbia
1965 establishments in British Columbia
Yale Division Yale Land District
The Road of the Dead is a 2006 novel by Kevin Brooks about teenage brothers living in London who travel to the moorland in search of their sister 's killer . It was shortlisted for the 2007 Carnegie Medal . The American Library Association named it as one of the Best Books for Young Adults in 2007 .
Plot
The Road of the Dead opens as 14-year-old Ruben and 17-year-old Cole , half gypsy half English brothers , learn about their older sister 's rape and murder . Determined to bring closure to their family , they travel to Lychcombe to collect her body . What begins as a simple task to bring her body home branches out into a quest for revenge when they learn that the murderer must be caught before they can bury Rachel .
Slowly the brothers begin to uncover a plot in Lychcombe , involving the planned installation of a new hotel and vacation resort and several landowners who do n't want to sell . Tragically , they discover that Rachel 's murder was the result of an accident/miscommunication . However , the brothers are still determined to find and catch her killer .
When the brothers discover that the killer has already been murdered himself for his mistake , they set out to find his body , the only way they can link him to Rachel . They soon find themselves involved with local gypsies , small town politics and the town 's unofficial leader who 's not going to give in without a fight .
Meaning of the title
While Ruben is talking to a local girl , he inquires where his sister 's body was found . The girl leads him down an old path to where the body was located by a forestry worker the day after her murder . As they travel , she explains that in Gaelic the name translates to the Road of the Dead because funeral parties would carry the dead down the path .
Praise
`` The Road of the Dead '' currently ( March 2007 ) has a rating of 4.5 stars out of 5 on amazon.com . reviewers on the site have praised the book as `` crisp and natural , and often funny and touching at once . '' Another reviewer described the book as a `` heart-pounding , deeply emotional story with strong characters . ''
On another site , teensread.com , the review ( Alexis Burling ) praised the book as `` an exhilarating ride that teens wo n't soon forget . '' She also wrote that the novel `` barrels its way towards another Kevin Brooks signature explosive climax , leaving nothing and no one untouched when the dust finally settles . ''
Criticism
Criticism on amazon.com writes that The Road of the Dead finishes up too quickly , pointing out that `` the question of how Cole comes upon a key piece of evidence is brushed away with Ruben 's comment , `` Does it matter ? '' Readers have sat through a lot of brutality ( albeit strikingly written brutality ) to get that information , so the answer is , well , yeah , it does . ''
Other readers and commenters have noted that the book contains `` an overwhelming presence of seriously graphic violence throughout that certainly may not sit well with some parents '' ( From teensread.com ) . Another reader writes that at times `` it was a little gross but not in a disturbing or sexual way , '' while still giving it five stars .
References
External links
A review of The Road of the Dead
Kevin Brooks Biography
2006 British novels
Novels about rape
The Chicken House books
The spot-breasted wren ( Pheugopedius maculipectus ) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae . It is found in Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , and Nicaragua .
Taxonomy and systematics
The spot-breasted wren has at times been treated as conspecific with rufous-breasted wren ( P. rutilus ) and speckle-breasted wren ( P. sclateri ) . They do form a superspecies .
The International Ornithological Committee ( IOC ) recognizes five subspecies :
P. m. microstictus Griscom ( 1930 )
P. m. maculopectus Lafresnaye ( 1845 )
P. m. canobrunneus Ridgway ( 1887 )
P. m. umbrinus Ridgway ( 1887 )
P. m. petersi Griscom ( 1930 )
The Clements taxonomy recognizes a sixth subspecies :
P. m. varians Griscom ( 1930 )
BirdLife International ( BLI ) does not recognize either petersi or varians , considering them `` indistinguishable from umbrinus '' .
Description
The spot-breasted wren is long ; males weigh and females . Adults of the nominate subspecies have a reddish brown crown and upperparts ; the rump is more chestnut . Their tail is dull brown with narrow dark bars . They have a white supercilium and the rest of the face and neck are streaked with black and white . The throat , chest , and the center of the belly are pale gray with black spots and the flanks and lower belly are orange-buff with no spots . Juveniles are paler than the adult and the facial markings and spots are less extensive and dimmer .
P. m. microstictus is not as reddish as the nominate and the spots on its breast are smaller and fewer . P. m. canobrunneus is paler than the nominate and its crown is light buffy cinnamon . P. m. umbrinus ( including petersi and varians ) is larger and darker than the nominate .
Distribution and habitat
The subspecies of spot-breasted wren , including the two that are not universally accepted , are found thus :
P. m. microstictus , northeastern Mexico from southeastern Nuevo León and central Tamaulipas states south to eastern San Luis Potosí and northern Veracruz
P. m. maculopectus , eastern Mexico from Veracruz south to Puebla and northern Oaxaca
P. m. canobrunneus , the Yucatán Peninsula , northern Belize , and Guatemala 's Petén Department
P. m. umbrinus , southern Mexico south through southern Belize , most of Guatemala , El Salvador , northern and central Honduras , and the Caribbean slopes of Nicaragua and extreme northern Costa Rica
P. m. petersi , northern Honduras south through Nicaragua to northern Costa Rica
P. m. varians , Pacific slope of Chiapas , Mexico , and Guatemala and El Salvador
The spot-breasted wren occurs in a wide variety of habitats including humid coastal and dry forest ( intact , disturbed , and regrowing ) and cocoa and citrus plantations . In elevation it ranges from sea level to in Mexico and Honduras but only up to in Costa Rica .
Behavior
Feeding
The spot-breasted wren forages at low levels in dense vegetation , usually in pairs or family groups . Its diet is not well defined but is probably mostly invertebrates .
Breeding
Some details of the spot-breasted wren 's breeding phenology are known . Its breeding season varies by latitude . Its nest is dome-shaped , has a side entrance , and is typically placed in the crotch of a tree or in ferns up to above the ground . The clutch size is three to four . Both sexes feed the young .
Vocalization
The spot-breasted wren 's song is `` a cheerful series of clear whistling gurgles '' given by both sexes .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the spot-breasted wren as being of The Least Concern . Its population is estimated to be at least 500,000 individuals . However , its `` population trend is difficult to determine because of uncertainty over the impacts of habitat modification on population sizes . ''
References
spot-breasted wren
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
spot-breasted wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Frédéric de Lafresnaye
Nikolay or Nikolai Krasnov may refer to :
Nikolay Krasnov ( soldier ) ( 1833-1900 ) , General of the Imperial Russian Army and Cossack historian
Nikolay Krasnov ( architect ) ( 1864-1939 ) , Russian-Serbian architect
Nikolai Krasnov ( pilot ) ( 1914-1945 ) , Soviet flying ace
Sphictostethus nitidus , the golden hunter wasp or red spider wasp , is a species of pepsid spider wasp endemic to New Zealand .
Description
Females are reddish brown with yellow tints and with sooty spots ; the males are also reddish brown with yellow-tinted wings , but these are never spotted . Females are 8.5-22.0 mm in length , and males 7.5-15.0 mm . They have a bold , jerky gait , and their vivid colour is aposematic to warn off visual predators such as birds and lizards . It is the only New Zealand Sphictostethus species that does not change from red to black when altitude or latitude increases . Its body stays red even at the most southern latitudes of its range .
Biology
S. nitidus hunts terrestrially in a variety of situations such as underneath and within logs , debris , and rotting wood , arboreally in shrubs and bushes , and on shingles and under boulders . The prey is usually detected by sight and pursued into the open . S. nitidus varies the attack depending on the species and size of spider . When Uliodon frenatus of any size is the prey , the wasp springs on to the back of the spider and stings the abdomen first before curving its abdomen and stinging the midventral region of the prosoma . Porrhothele antipodiana is attacked when it stands and faces the wasp with the first two pairs of legs held towards its attacker and upwards . The wasp moves forward until it is about in front the spider , then it makes a sudden leap towards it . The wasp and the spider grapple with each other , rolling over and over . The wasp apparently stings the spider indiscriminately in the abdomen until the spider ceases to struggle . The wasp then stings the spider in the midventer of the prosoma , and then between the chelicerae . The wasp then examines the spider 's mouthparts before stinging it again at the base of the chelicerae . It finishes by brushing the tip of its own abdomen with alternate strokes of the entire hind tibia and tarsus for 3–8 minutes . The spider 's paralysis is permanent . S. nitidus is kleptoparasitic on other members of its own species , and on other spider wasps , including Priocnemis monachus . Introduced house sparrows Passer domesticus have been observed stealing the paralysed spider prey from S. nitidus .
S. nitidus is not a digger and prefers to use pre-existing cavities for nesting . After capturing and immobilising a spider , the wasp either takes it to a temporary storage site or leaves it exposed on its back . It then either returns to its nest site or locates a suitable cavity for nesting , often after examining several potential cavities . It returns to the prey at intervals before eventually dragging it to the nest and leaving it 25 mm from the entrance to the nest , going inside before reappearing to drag the spider into the nest by its spinnerets . Often , the wasp waits in the cell , under the spider , for 2–26 hours before laying an egg . After laying , it pauses between 15 minutes and 2 hours before filling the burrow with fragments of vegetation varying from 5 to 56 mm in length which are rammed firmly into place with the wasp 's abdomen . When the nest is closed , the wasp camouflages the entrance with twigs and bark which is dragged across it . The wasp examines the nest and if satisfied it leaves .
Males emerge 3–8 days prior to the females ; copulation usually occurs in foliage , often in the crowns of bushes , the males running over leaves in a distinctive manner pursuing any females that appear .
Prey recorded include Uliodon frenatus , Porrhothele antipodiana and Neoramia otagoa .
Habitat
S. nitidus shows a preference for open , exposed places and tolerates a wide range of habitats . It has shown itself to be adaptable and is common in suburban back yards , dunes , dry riverbeds , forest clearings , grasslands , and clay banks . Nests can be found from sea level up to at least 1370 m , in various substrates , but often among boulders , and especially beneath flat stones and concrete , where it can gain access to cavities through cracks .
Distribution
This species is endemic to New Zealand on both the North and South Islands and some offshore islands .
References
External links
Observations of Sphictostethus nitidus in New Zealand
Pepsinae
Insects described in 1775
Hymenoptera of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Miskindzha ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Dokuzparinsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 3,522 as of 2010 . There are 18 streets .
Geography
Miskindzha is located on the right bank of the Samur River , at the northern foot of Shalbuzdag , 7 km west of Usukhchay ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Usukhchay and Dzhaba are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Lezgins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
Çalışlar is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 79 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ornella Ongaro ( ) , known as `` La Tulipe '' because of her pink racing colours , is a French Grand Prix motorcycle racer .
Awards
Ongaro has been on the podium over fifty times , and has had over forty victories during her career . She is the only French woman to have achieved both podiums and points at regional and national championships in mixed categories . In April 2016 , she won the FFM Women 's Cup .
Life
Ongaro was born into a poor family in La Bocca , a suburb of Cannes , France . Her elder sister was a racing driver , so she followed in her footsteps .
Aged 6 , she was given her first 50cc motorcycle by her grandmother , as a birthday present .
She had an accident riding in the woods , which took her over a year before she wanted to get back on a bike . When she did , she started to win at various tracks in the over-6 category ( the youngest age allowed legally in France to start competing ) , against boys of the same age and older .
Even though to outsiders she often seems a loner , she impresses them with her talent for winning .
Her parents ' protectiveness made it difficult for her at the start of her career : other competitors ' parents found it difficult to accept that a girl was better than their little boys . They used underhand tactics to stop her winning ( blocking the brakes , the engine , or the fuel tank on her machine ) .
Career statistics
By season
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1990 births
125cc World Championship riders
Female motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Cannes
Varamin carpets and rugs or Veramin carpets and rugs ( ) are carpets and rugs woven in city of Varamin and its surrounding area , southeast of Tehran . Many rug and carpet experts see Varamins as being among those Persian carpets most authentic in terms of traditional style and motif .
Technique and knot
The foundation is mostly made of cotton , the Persian Senneh knot is used for these rugs as opposed to the more widespread Turkish knot . Varamin is considered being among the elite of Persian carpets . Varamins are made by tribal people who either live in or pass by Varamin . These rugs are usually woven in vertical loom .
The principal colours used in Varamin carpets are usually dark brown and dark red on khaki or dark blue backgrounds . The village and workshop weavers mainly use the asymmetrical ( Persian ) knot , while the nomads , depending on their ethnicity , use either the asymmetrical or the symmetrical ( Turkish ) knot .
Design
Varamin carpets characteristically have a light background color such as ivory , light blue , light green , or gold . This color choice distinguishes Varamin weavings from those produced in cities such as Kashan . Traditional red and blue hues were also used for the field . These colors are interchangeable for the border as well . The most common design among Varamin rugs is the `` Mina Khani '' which is a motif composed of four round daisy-like flowers in the shape of a diamond and attached to each other by a smaller flower , repeated all over the field . Mina Khani 's etymology is unknown but Mina is a feminine name . Mina Khani seems to be also related to Herati motif which is more common in eastern Iran .
Other popular motifs include Zil-i-soltan , which is the classic vase-of-flowers and is one of the most frequent motifs on all Persian carpets ; and Plants and animal motifs which includes intricate floral designs with animal figures scattered in between .
Gallery
References
Rugs and carpets
Persian rugs and carpets
Iranian culture
Varamin
Gilbert `` Gil '' George Lonzarich ( born 1945 ) is a solid-state physicist who works at the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge . He is particularly noted for his work on superconducting and magnetic materials .
Life
Lonzarich received his BA degree from University of California , Berkeley ( 1967 ) , his M.S . from the University of Minnesota ( 1970 ) and his Ph.D. degree from University of British Columbia ( 1973 ) . Starting as a postdoc , he has held positions at the University of Cambridge . Since 1997 he is a professor at the Cavendish Laboratory , where he heads the quantum matter group .
Research
The research of Lonzarich focuses on solids where the interaction between electrons can lead to unconventional states of matter . His work has addressed different material classes , including itinerant magnets ( such as MnSi ) , heavy-fermion materials , and ferroelectrics . One groundbreaking result for the field of unconventional superconductivity was the demonstration that the suppression of antiferromagnetic order in heavy-fermion materials , i.e . a quantum-critical point , can induce superconductivity .
Important aspects of the experiments of Lonzarich 's group are crystal growth , ultra-low temperatures ( mK temperatures ) , high-pressure experiments , and quantum oscillations ( continuing the work of David Shoenberg ) .
Notable former students in the group of Lonzarich include Piers Coleman , Louis Taillefer , Andrew MacKenzie , and Christian Pfleiderer .
Awards
Fellow of the Royal Society ( 1989 )
EPS Europhysics Prize ( 1989 )
Max Born Prize ( 1991 )
Guthrie Medal ( 2007 )
Rumford Medal ( 2010 )
Kamerlingh Onnes Prize ( 2015 )
References
Fellows of Trinity College , Cambridge
American physicists
Cavendish Laboratory
Living people
University of California , Berkeley alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
University of British Columbia alumni
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
1945 births
The Elsenham & Thaxted Light Railway was a long light railway in Essex , England . The line was sanctioned in 1906 , although did not finally open to traffic until 1 April 1913 . It was the last rail line built in Essex until the construction of Stansted Airport railway station .
The railway left the West Anglia Main Line at Elsenham . There were two stations ( Sibleys and Thaxted ) and three halts on the Railway ; all except Mill Road Halt ( opened in 1922 ) were opened with the line . The line was never a commercial success , since all the stations were located at some distance from the settlements they served ; Thaxted station was distant from the town , since to construct a crossing of the River Chelmer would have been too costly . The Engineer 's Line Reference for the line is ELT .
As a light railway it was limited to giving a journey time of 22–28 minutes . There were five down and four up trains per day on opening .
Passenger services were withdrawn from 15 September 1952 and the railway finally closed on 1 June 1953 .
References
External links
Line on navigable O.S . map
Photo of Elsenham Railway Station , 1 April 1913 on Flickr
Rail transport in Essex
Closed railway lines in the East of England
Railway companies established in 1906
Railway lines opened in 1913
Light railways
1906 establishments in England
British companies established in 1906
Dorin Bogdan Zotincă ( born 13 April 1971 ) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a defender and midfielder . His brother , Alex Zotincă was also a footballer .
International career
Dorin Zotincă played two friendly games at international level for Romania .
References
1971 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Inter Sibiu players
FC Dinamo București players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
FC Progresul București players
CSM Reșița players
Sportspeople from Brașov
John Crispe ( died 1501 ) was an English landowner and politician from Kent .
Probably the John Crispe mentioned in the 1619 Visitation of Kent , he was a MP of the Parliament of England for Canterbury in 1489 . His grandson was the MP Henry Crispe .
References
English MPs 1489
Alloplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are about eight described species in Alloplitis . Alloplitis congensis is found in west Africa , and the other species in Indomalaya .
Species
These eight species belong to the genus Alloplitis :
Alloplitis albiventris Long & van Achterberg , 2008
Alloplitis completus Mason , 1981
Alloplitis congensis ( de Saeger , 1944 )
Alloplitis detractus ( Walker , 1860 )
Alloplitis guapo Nixon , 1965
Alloplitis laevigaster Long & van Achterberg , 2008
Alloplitis typhon Nixon , 1965
Alloplitis vietnamicus Long & van Achterberg , 2008
References
Microgastrinae
10 is the fifth studio album by Scottish pop-rock quartet Wet Wet Wet . Released on 31 March 1997 , the album marked a decade since the release of the band 's debut album , Popped in Souled Out .
Notably , 10 was the last studio album to be released by the band before their initial split in 1997 . The album spawned three singles : `` If I Never See You Again '' , `` Strange '' , and the double A-side `` Yesterday/Maybe I 'm in Love '' , of which `` Yesterday '' only appeared on the 10 Again and 1998 re-issues of the album . The album reached # 2 on the UK Albums Chart .
Track listings
Charts
References
1997 albums
Wet Wet Wet albums
Mercury Records albums
is a railway station in the city of Shibata , Niigata , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) .
Lines
Nakaura Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line , and is 21.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station .
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform serving a single bi-directional track . The station formerly had two opposed side platforms connected to the station building by a footbridge . The second platform and footbridge still exist , but the track has been removed . The station is unattended .
Adjacent stations
History
Nakaura Station opened on 1 July 1953 . With the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR East .
Surrounding area
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1953
Shibata , Niigata
Aydınlar is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 145 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Edward Herrmann was an American actor of the stage and screen .
He was most known for his performances as Franklin D. Roosevelt in the limited series Eleanor and Franklin ( 1976 ) , and Eleanor and Franklin : The White House Years ( 1977 ) and as Richard Gilmore in Amy Sherman-Palladino 's comedy-drama series Gilmore Girls ( 2000-2007 ) .
Herman started his career working in theatre on Broadway in 1972 with his debut in Moonchildren alongside James Woods . He received two Tony Award nominations winning for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in Mrs. Warren 's Profession in 1976 . For his work on television , Herman received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations winning for his performance in The Practice in 1999 . He also received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination with the ensemble for Oliver Stone 's Nixon ( 1995 ) . Hermann became known as a character actor having appeared in various films such as Warren Beatty 's Reds ( 1981 ) , Woody Allen 's The Purple Rose of Cairo ( 1985 ) , Garry Marshall 's Overboard ( 1987 ) , Martin Scorsese 's The Aviator ( 2004 ) and Chris Rock 's I Think I Love My Wife ( 2007 ) . He is also known for his guest performances in television M * A * S * H , Law & Order , and The Good Wife .
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
Video games
References
Male actor filmographies
American filmographies
F. S. Faizal is an Indian music composer who graduated from Trinity College London . He was trained under Abdul Sattar until he reached the eighth grade . He was a former advertisement jingles composer who worked on over 275 jingles in the likes of Vasanth & Co , Credai , and Jaipur Gems . He made his film production debut in the Tamil film Newtonin Moondram Vidhi and then made a breakthrough with his work in Sillunu Oru Sandhippu . Other notable films he helped with where Vajram and Tharkappu , which both got accolades . He is now working on the film Thani Mugam , which is under post-production .
Career
Faizal composed his first film album , Newtonin Moondram Vidhi , under the stage name of Vinay , before moving on to compose music for Kalavaram in 2011 . In 2013 , he worked on Sillunu Oru Sandhippu , which became his third album release and received positive reviews for his work on the songs . A critic from Sify.com criticised his work on the film 's background score , stating that it was `` too loud '' . Faizal has since worked on two low budget films featuring Sree Raam , as well as on Tharkappu . Faizel had done background music scores on the film , Pizhai , which has received positive reviews from critics for his song . He has worked on independent Tamil films originating from Tamil diaspora directors that settled in France such as DOT and Encounter Hall .
Discography
Released soundtracks
The films are listed in the order that the music released , regardless of the date the film released
The year next to the title of the affected films indicates the release year of either a dubbed or a remade version in the named language after the original version
• indicates original language release . Indicates simultaneous makes , if the film is featured in more languages
♦ indicates a remade version , the remaining ones being dubbed versions
References
Tamil musicians
Tamil film score composers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Missing middle or first names
The Kniebrink , at , is the third highest mountain in the northern German Wiehen Hills . Its immediate summit belongs administratively to the village of Oberbauerschaft in the municipality of Hüllhorst . However , its boundary with the town of Lübbecke runs just north of the summit , so that its northern slopes belong to Lübbecke .
The Kniebrink is just 3 metres lower than the more northerly Wurzelbrink , which obscures it from view in Lübbecke . The hill is largely trackless . In spring 2007 its trees suffered major storm damage . The top can be reaches from Lübbecke in under 45 minutes . From the south you need about 20 minutes for the short but steep climb .
Gallery
External links
Minden-Lübbecke
Mountains and hills of North Rhine-Westphalia
Lübbecke
The Fontas River , originally Fantasque 's River , after the name of a chief of the Sekani people , is a river in northeastern British Columbia , Canada , having its origin in northwestern Alberta , Canada . It joins the Sikanni Chief River southeast of the town of Fort Nelson , British Columbia , forming the Fort Nelson River .
`` Fontas River ... drains a large extent of country , roughly 3600 square miles . Its water , mainly derived from surface water and swamps , is dark in colour , and at its mouth forms a deep contrast to the white silty water of the Sikanni Chief .... The Fort Nelson River is formed by the junction of the Sikanni Chief and Fontas Rivers , at which point it is from 400 to 500 feet wide .... '' ( extracts from the report of G.B . Milligan , surveyor , 14 December 1914 )
References
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Rivers of British Columbia
Rivers of Alberta
Kanedaira Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for flood control . The catchment area of the dam is 2.2 km2 . The dam impounds about 4 ha of land when full and can store 412 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on 1975 and completed in 1987 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1987 establishments in Japan
The orange-headed tanager ( Thlypopsis sordida ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae . Native to South America , it is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Paraguay , Peru , and Venezuela , where it inhabits successional vegetation , cerrado , riparian forest , shrub , brush , and open woodland . Males of the species have sandy-gray , cinnamon to buff , white on the center of the lower breast , belly , and tail , and rufous-orange and yellow heads . Females are similar but duller .
The orange-headed tanager is omnivorous , feeding on insects , spiders , fruit , and seeds . It forages in an active manner , gleaning prey while hopping or , more infrequently , catching it in flight . Nesting has been recorded in December , and clutches contain two bluish-white eggs with brown markings . The species is listed as being of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) on the IUCN Red List due to its large range and stable population .
Taxonomy and systematics
The orange-headed tanager was originally described in 1837 as Nemosia sordida by the French ornithologists Frédéric de Lafresnaye and Alcide d'Orbigny on the basis of specimens from Bolivia . It was then moved to the genus Thlypopsis , of which it is the type species , by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1851 . The name of the genus , Thlypopsis , is from the Ancient Greek thlupis , a word for an unknown species of small bird , and opsis , meaning appearance . The specific name sordida is from the Latin sordidus , meaning dirty or shabby . Orange-headed tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists ' Union .
Subspecies
There are three recognized subspecies of the orange-headed tanager :
T. s. sordida ( Lafresnaye and d'Orbigny , 1837 ) : The nominate subspecies , it is found from eastern Bolivia to Brazil , south to Paraguay and northern Argentina .
T. s. chrysopis ( Sclater and Salvin , 1880 ) : Originally described as a separate species , it is found in southern Colombia , eastern Ecuador and Peru , and western Brazil . It differs from the nominate in having pure gray and light grayish-brown sides and breasts .
T. s. orinocensis Friedmann , 1942 : It is found in central Venezuela . It has pale gray upperparts tinged grayish-cinnamon .
Description
The orange-headed tanager is a small , thin-billed tanager that has an average length of and a weight of . Its proportions are similar to those of a New World warbler . Males of the nominate subspecies have rufous-orange and sides of the head , becoming bright yellow on the lores , ocular region ( area surrounding eye ) , and throat . The upperparts are sandy-gray , with dusky and flight feathers , the latter of which are edged with gray . The underparts are buff to cinnamon and turn whitish on the center of the lower breast , belly , and . The bill is dark , the iris is dark brown , and the legs are gray .
Females have duller upperparts than males , less extensive yellow on the head , and duller yellow on the face and throat . Immatures are similar to females , but are even duller , with grayish-olive upperparts and paler underparts .
Vocalizations
The orange-headed tanager 's calls include a high-pitched tseet , seet , or sit , often given rapidly multiple times , a quick high-pitched chittering sit-it-t-t-t-t-t-t , and a slower seet-a . The solo song varies geographically : in northern Peru and Ecuador , it is a high-pitched , rising and falling , and spasmodic pits ' a , see-a , pits ' a , see-ee , while it is a seet , sit , a see-fits-za in northwestern Argentina . In Bolivia and northern Peru , a high-pitched seet seet t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-d-dit has been recorded in flight or while perched , which may be either a duet or chatter . In eastern Brazil , the year-round song has several song types , with the most common one being a thin , high-pitched tsap-tsip , tsip , tsip-tsop-tswit . A high-pitched , trilled tsi . . . . tsrrrri has also been recorded from Brazil .
Distribution and habitat
The orange-headed tanager is native to South America , where it is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Paraguay , Peru , and Venezuela . It is the only member of its genus that is found in the lowlands of the Amazon rainforest . In Venezuela and the western Amazon , it inhabits successional vegetation like tall Gynerium grasses , willows , Tessaria and Cecropia shrubbery , and young secondary growth near rivers and on river islands . In the southern Amazon , it inhabits dry to semi-humid cerrado , open woodland canopies , shrub , parks , and thinner riparian forest ( forest next to waterbodies ) . In northwestern Argentina , it inhabits scrub , brush , and the edges of drier open woodland , and is seldom observed in uninterrupted forest .
The orange-headed tanager generally inhabits elevations up to , but is only found up to in Venezuela and in Colombia . Local populations in Bolivia can inhabit elevations as high as . In Brazil and Argentina , the species has been recorded seasonally migrating from the Andes to lowlands during the austral winter .
Behavior and ecology
The orange-headed tanager is found in pairs or groups of 3–4 individuals , occasionally in mixed-species foraging flocks .
Diet
The orange-headed tanager is an omnivorous species , having been recorded feeding on orthopterans ( grasshoppers , crickets , and locusts ) , beetles , flies , spiders , fruit , and seeds . It forages in an active , New World warbler-like manner , gleaning insects from foliage with rapid hops , or less commonly hovering or sallying to catch prey in the air .
Breeding
The orange-headed tanager has been recorded nesting in December , building a cup-shaped nest about above the ground . Eggs are laid in clutches of two , and are bluish-white with brown markings . The shiny cowbird has been recorded as a brood parasite of the orange-headed tanager .
Status
The orange-headed tanager is listed as being of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) on the IUCN Red List due to its large range and stable population . It is threatened in parts of its range due to land conversion , but occurs in a number of protected areas and is locally common on river islands and in river floodplains .
References
orange-headed tanager
Birds of Brazil
Birds of South America
orange-headed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
František Šretr ( 15 January 1893 – 24 July 1952 ) was a Czech athlete . He competed in the men 's long jump and the men 's triple jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1893 births
1952 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Czech male long jumpers
Czech male triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of Czechoslovakia
Sportspeople from Pardubice
Dorvilleidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Eunicida .
Genera
Genera :
Anchidorvillea Hilbig & Blake , 1991
Apodotrocha Westheide & Riser , 1983
Apophryotrocha Jumars , 1974
References
Polychaetes
GlobalScholar was an operating unit of Scantron based in Bellevue , Washington that developed , manufactured , licensed , and supported a wide range of products and services related to education . This included products such as an enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) software , Pinnacle Suite , which supported all aspects of managing education at K-12 schools , including a gradebook , learning management system ( LMS ) , and teacher development , analytics and online learning .
GlobalScholar.com was the company 's on-demand collaboration platform for tutors , parents , and students . Parents and students could find pre-screened tutors on a variety of subjects and school levels , and pay for one-time homework help or engage in ongoing tutoring sessions . The sessions occurred on GlobalScholar 's website , which provides an online whiteboard , audio/video IM , archiving , and billing .
GlobalScholar also operated two other websites , launched in January 2008 . SchoolFinder pulled together relevant information for elementary and high schools and let parents compare one school against another . CollegeFinder did the same for colleges , pulling in rankings from U.S. News & World Report and the Princeton Review .
History
GlobalScholar , formally known as InfiLearn , was founded in December 2006 by Kal Raman , a former drugstore.com chief executive and Amazon.com senior vice president .
GlobalScholar.com acquired Central Data Corporation 's adaptable learning and educational scaffold assets along with the GlobalScholar name in 2007 , using these as the baseline for the initial InfilLearn product . GlobalScholar.com made a strategic decision on January 31 , 2008 , to acquire Excelsior Software .
In October 2013 , Scantron formally retired the GlobalScholar brand and stopped development and support on several products .
Funding
The company secured $ 27 million in round B funding on January 31 , 2008 from existing investors Ignition Partners and Knowledge Universe Education . This was on top of a previously undisclosed $ 15.5 Million of Round A funding the company raised early 2007 . The funding included additional investments from Knowledge Universe Education , a leading global education company ; Ignition Partners , a premier venture capital firm ; and an added investment from Peter Neupert , an existing board member ; Excelsior Software , with long-standing relationships in the education community , was also acquired .
References
Online companies of the United States
Distance education in the United States
Educational technology companies of the United States
The Mustang Mountains are a mountain range located in the southeast region of Arizona , are on the northwest side of Fort Huachuca . They are found at the southern end of the Whetstone Mountains .
The highest peak rises to 6,469 feet .
References
Peakbagger.com
Mountain ranges of Cochise County , Arizona
Mountain ranges of Arizona
Ernst Ziegler ( born Ernst Aldoff , 16 April 1894 – 11 April 1974 ) was a German film and television actor .
Biography
Ziegler began his film career in 1932 , appearing in the German film Die verkaufte Braut ( The Bartered Bride ) . He went on to act in other German films and on German television . In 1970 , he appeared in the American film Something for Everyone , starring Angela Lansbury . His final film role was as Grandpa George ( Charlie Bucket 's grandfather ) in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory . By this time , Ziegler 's health was deteriorating , and he was legally blind , partly as a result of being gassed during the First World War . He died of emphysema in April 1974 , in West Berlin , aged 79 .
Filmography
External links
1894 births
1974 deaths
German male film actors
German male television actors
Deaths from emphysema
20th-century German male actors
Blind people from Germany
The Life Party ( ) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo . In the parliamentary election held on 24 June and 5 August 2007 , the party won 1 out of 137 seats .
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Edmund Francis Davis ( April 1845 – 5 September 1889 ) was a British American solicitor and a businessman who once owned the Westgate Estate , in Kent , and the Granville Hotel , Ramsgate .
Biography
He was born in April 1845 , in Chiswick , to Eliza and James Davis . He was educated at University College , London .
Davis married Florence Aria on 11 June 1867 . They had four children – Edward J Davis , Herbert Francis Davis , Sydney Ethelbert F Davis , and Eulalie Florence F Davis .
In 1877 , Davis purchased the Granville Hotel , Ramsgate from Coutts . The estate had formerly belonged to Edward Welby Pugin who was declared bankrupt in 1872 . Davis later unveiled a marble bust in memory of E.W Pugin in 1879 .
In 1877 , Davis constructed the Granville Marina . This was a parade of shops below the cliff connected to the hotel by a tunnel . He inaugurated the `` Granville Express '' – a train service from London that halted at Westgate on sea and Ramsgate . On the promenade in front of the Granville , he laid out the Victoria Gardens . A Gothic kiosk that once collected an admission fee still exists .
Davis was a very charismatic figure , who has been given undue credit for the growth of Westgate on Sea , as he was proprietor of the Estate for only two years . He purchased the Westgate Estate from London developers , Corbett and McClymont , on 1 May 1878 . In order to purchase it , he obtained a mortgage for £80,000 from Coutts with a further loan of £15,000 for the Westgate and Birchington Gas and Water Works . As proprietor of the Estate , he became the owner of the sea walls , the promenades and roads ( all roads in Westgate were private , except for the Margate to Canterbury highway ) and the Beach House Hotel , as well as all uncovered building land .
In December 1878 he put on an experiment in lighting part of the sea front at Westgate with electricity , bringing down visitors from London by special trains and then entertaining them extravagantly . The experiment proved to be very expensive and was abandoned after a month .
Amongst his achievements were the laying out of the pleasure gardens on the cliff tops and the building of the Baths and Assembly Rooms , opened at St Mildred 's Bay in January 1880 . However , he was greatly stretched financially ( he still had mortgages relating to the Albion and Granville Estates in Ramsgate ) and by January 1880 was struggling to pay even the interest owing .
1879 was not a good year . The Westgate and Birchington Gas Bill was thrown out in March , he was being chased by the Medical Officer of Health about Westgate 's drainage with threats that he might , as a private road owner , be compelled to link up the sewers with the main public sewer ( very expensive ) and the Isle of Thanet Gas Company took out an injunction against him to prevent him damaging their gas pipes in the Canterbury Road .
He stood unsuccessfully in the 1880 and 1885 General Elections as a Liberal candidate for the Isle of Thanet constituency .
In November 1886 , he was sued by a trader for an unpaid bill at the Empire Club , London , where Davis served as a committee member . It was reported that the other members `` turned their backs on him '' , leaving him to face thousands of pounds of liabilities . On 10 December 1886 , he fled the country to live in Chicago , Illinois , United States . On 22 October 1887 , his wife Florence died . His time in America was short lived . Davis died on 5 September 1889 , and it was reported that he had died in South America from cholera . He is interred at Oak Woods Cemetery , Chicago .
References
19th-century English businesspeople
People from Chiswick
1845 births
Date of birth missing
1889 deaths
Deaths from cholera
Stéphane Fontaine is a French cinematographer . He graduated from the École nationale supérieure Louis-Lumière in 1985 , and began his career as first assistant camera on films directed by Arnaud Desplechin , Jim Jarmusch , Leos Carax and Olivier Assayas , among others . He won the César Award for Best Cinematography in 2006 for The Beat That My Heart Skipped and in 2010 for A Prophet .
Filmography
Decorations
Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters ( 2015 )
References
External links
Living people
French cinematographers
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yueosaurus is an extinct genus of basal ornithopod dinosaur known from Zhejiang Province , China .
Description
Yueosaurus is known only from the holotype ZMNH M8620 , an articulated , partial but well preserved postcranial skeleton which includes cervical , dorsal ( back ) and caudal vertebrae , scapula , rib , hip bones , partial forelimb and partial hindlimb . It was collected in Tiantai locality from the Liangtoutang Formation , dating to the Albian-Cenomanian stages of the latest Early Cretaceous and the earliest Late Cretaceous . Yueosaurus represents the southernmost basal ornithopod dinosaur from Asia , and the first one from China . It differs from other ornithischians by a combination of characters . Han et al . found it plausible that Yueosaurus might be a member of Jeholosauridae or closely related to it .
Etymology
Yueosaurus was first named by Wenjie Zheng , Xingsheng Jin , Masateru Shibata , Yoichi Azuma and Fangming Yu in 2012 and the type species is Yueosaurus tiantaiensis . The generic name is derived from `` Yue '' , the ancient name for Zhejiang , and the specific name refers to the Tiantai , where the holotype was discovered .
References
Cenomanian life
Albian life
Paleontology in Zhejiang
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossils of China
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Ornithischian genera
Hoevelaken is a railway station in the municipality of Amersfoort ( province of Utrecht ) near Hoevelaken , the Netherlands . The station lies on the Oosterspoorweg , but is only served by Connexxion trains from the Valleilijn and opened on 9 December 2012 . Previously , Hoevelaken had a station on the Utrecht - Zwolle railway line from 1905 to 1938 .
Train services
, the following local train services call at this station :
Stoptrein : Amersfoort - Barneveld - Ede-Wageningen
Stoptrein : Amersfoort - Barneveld
References
External links
Dutch public transport travel planner
Railway stations in Amersfoort
Railway stations opened in 2012
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri , also known as the Lower Keys marsh rabbit , is an endangered subspecies of marsh rabbit named after Playboy founder Hugh Hefner .
General
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri was federally recognized as an endangered species on June 21 , 1990 . The urbanized Florida Keys have left the rabbits with a very small home range , making them more vulnerable to threats such as pollution , vehicular road kill , and predation by stray cats . Forys and Humphrey ( 1999 ) predicted a gradual decline in S. p. hefneri abundance and extinction within 50 years ( of 1995 ) . The Lower Keys marsh rabbit population is estimated to contain approximately 150 individuals . In 2008 , LaFever et al . performed viability assays to determine current extinction rates . They predicted extinction within 10 years if action is not taken immediately . They recommend urgent management of predatory stray cats , and restoration of marshes as possible solutions to reduce the extinction rate of S. p. hefneri .
Phylogeny
The subspecies was first described in a publication in the Journal of Mammalogy in 1984 by James D. Lazell Jr , after his research was funded in part by a generous contribution from the Playboy Corporation . The Lower Keys marsh rabbit was then named in honor of Hugh M. Hefner in recognition of the financial support received by his corporation .
Size
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri are small-to-medium-sized , in length and in weight . Their hind feet range from and their ears range from in length . S. p. hefneri is the smallest of the three marsh rabbit subspecies , the others being Sylvilagus palustris paludicola and Sylvilagus palustris palustris . These rabbits do not appear to be sexually dimorphic .
Appearance
The pelage of S. p. hefneri is short with dark brown fur and a greyish-white belly , and their tails are dark brown . S. p. hefneri is the smaller than the mainland marsh rabbit ( S. p. palustris ) and Upper Keys marsh rabbits ( S. p. paludicola ) and is distinguished by its dark fur . S. p. hefneri also differs from S. p. palustris and S. p. paludicola in several cranial characteristics . The Lower Keys marsh rabbit has a shorter molariform tooth row , higher and more convex frontonasal profile , broader cranium , and elongated dentary symphysis .
Range
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri has been isolated to the Keys by the rise in sea level and human inhabitation to the local area . This isolation may be the cause for the speciation from the Upper Keys marsh rabbit , Sylvilagus palustris paludicola . Forys et al . determined the habitat occupied of S. p. hefneri to be in 1995 with 81 suitable habitats . In 1996 , Forys refined the habitat to be about . An average home range of was determined in 1999 . This range includes a few of the larger Lower Keys , specifically , Boca Chica , Saddlebunch , Sugarloaf , and Big Pine Keys and the small islands near these Keys . From 2001 to 2005 , Faulhaber et al . surveyed the predetermined habitat to establish a current habitat range . They determined the median size of occupied patches was with an interquartile range of . This data is representative of 112 patches of occupied S. p. hefneri habitat ( 547.1 ha = total ) . Please note this data represents an increased search area rather than an increased rabbit number . There was a net loss ( —6 ) in patch occupancy between the 2001-2005 and 1988-1995 survey periods . Possible reasons attributing to this loss are stray cat predation , rise in sea level , and storm surges from hurricanes .
Habitat
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri is habitat specific choosing higher elevations within salt marsh or freshwater marsh but depend on herbaceous plants for food , cover and nesting . This vegetation includes species such as , sawgrass ( Cladium jamiacense ) , seashore dropseed ( Sporobolus virginicus ) , and cordgrass ( Spartina spp. ) . Lower Keys marsh rabbits prefer areas with high amounts of clump grass , ground cover , and Borrichia frutescens present , areas closer to other existing marsh rabbit populations , and areas close to large bodies of water .
Foraging
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri is diet specific choosing particular vegetation ; however foraging strategies are not affected by sex or seasonality . The major vegetative species found in the Keys include grasses ( Monanthochloe littoralis , Fimbristylis castanea ) ; succulent herbs ( Borrichia frutescens , Batis maritima , Salicornia virginica ) ; sedges ( Cyperus spp . ) ; and sparse tree cover ( Conocarpus erectus and Pithecellobium guadalupense ) . S. p. hefneri will eat a variety of these species but they prefer Borrichia frutescens , which is common in the mid-saltmarsh area . The marsh rabbit spends most of its time feeding in the mid- and high- marsh areas .
Behavior
Faulhaber et al . conducted a study in 2006 to survey the diurnal habits seen in S. p. hefneri to ultimately provide conservationists with appropriate parameters for habitat extension . They determined that when S. p. hefneri were in brackish wetlands they typically clustered together in patches of saltmarsh or buttonwoods . And when in freshwater wetlands they typically clustered together in patches of freshwater hardwoods .
Reproduction
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri produce fewer offspring , at an average of 3.7 litters per year , compared to other marsh rabbits at 5.7 litters per year . Sexual maturity in S. p. hefneri begins at about nine months of age . Researchers have found that the majority of males disperse at this time , yet females remain in their home range . S. p. hefneri are polygamous and do not display an apparent seasonal breeding pattern .
Threats
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri is considered an endangered species and is threatened by many different sources such as habitat alteration , contaminants , vehicular traffic , dumping , poaching , free-roaming domestic cats and dogs , feral hogs , fire ants , sea level rise and exotic vegetation . ( 14 ) More than half the area of suitable S. p. hefneri habitat has been destroyed for construction of residential housing , commercial facilities , utility lines , roads , or other infrastructure in the Lower Keys . Most of the remaining suitable habitat has been degraded by exotic invasive plants , repeated mowing , dumping of trash , and off-road vehicle use .
Invasive species such as the Gambian pouched rat ( Cricetomys gambianus ) , Boa constrictor , ball pythons ( Python regius ) , and reticulated pythons ( P. reticulatus ) are new threats to S. p. hefneri . However , the greatest current exotic predator threat to S. p. hefneri is feral and free-roaming cats .
Conservation
Many biologists and such have taken a close look at S. p. hefneri to determine and implement current conservation efforts . Action is currently underway at the species level and the habitat level . The most prominent method of conservation of S. p. hefneri is reintroducing the rabbits to unoccupied but potentially suitable patches Faulhaber et al . created a plan to restore or enhance key macro- and microhabitat more effectively by preventing harmful intrusion by humans , connecting isolated habitat patches , and mitigating barriers to rabbit movement . LaFever et al . demonstrate the use of population viability analysis as a conservation planning tool for reducing human wildlife conflicts . Crouse et al . conducted a genetic analysis comparing haplotypes in mitochondrial DNA to identify barriers in gene flow .
Other possible methods into habitat conservation are :
Protection of important wildlife corridors
Several marsh rabbit populations are linked by corridors of low marsh and mangroves . Protection of these areas will aid in avoiding negative impact on the rabbit .
Removal of invasive exotic vegetation
Invasive species kill undergrowth , destroying the rabbit 's food , shelter and nesting sites , their removal is necessary to restoring habitat
Fencing or barricading areas of off-road vehicle ( ORV ) use and/or dumping
Improving habitat by planting or encouraging native plant species
Monitor the status of S. p. hefneri , examine ecological processes , and increase public awareness of S. p. hefneri habitat and instill stewardship .
Species-level conservation action is as follows :
Investigate components of both occupied and unoccupied marsh rabbit habitat and determine why rabbits are present or absent
Maintain and improve the GIS database for S. p. hefneri information
Conduct S. p. hefneri reintroductions from natural wild populations
Utilize federal regulatory mechanisms for protection
Federal activities may cause jeopardy for the total population
Control or eliminate free-roaming cat populations near rabbit habitat
Free-roaming cats are a major threat to rabbit survival , establishing a program throughout the Lower Keys to control free roaming cats can increase their survival and colonization of restored habitats
Minimize road mortality by implementing slower speed zones and increase enforcement of existing zones , and by controlling poaching .
See also
List of organisms named after famous people ( born 1900–1949 )
References
Sylvilagus
Endangered fauna of the United States
Endemic fauna of Florida
Mammals described in 1984
Playboy
ESA endangered species
Arondizuogu Patriotic Union ( APU ) is the umbrella organisation of all Arondizuogu communities in Nigeria and the Diaspora . Established in 1932 in Aba , APU is one of the earliest and most enduring organs of community development set up by an Igbo clan in colonial Nigeria . The youngmen of Arondizuogu who laid the foundation for APU left their homes for the first time in the 1920s and early 1930s to seek a better life in the emerging urban centres of colonial Nigeria . They found themselves in social , economic and political environments different from the life they knew at home . Refusing to be intimated or alienated , they held on to that deep feeling of love for the community with which they grew up . They assembled at Aba on October 8 , 1932 , to aggregate ideas on how best to convey the concomitants of modern development with which they were surrounded in the city ( such as wide roads , schools , hospitals , post offices , portable water , electricity , courtrooms , etc . ) to their village community .
Objectives
The objectives of APU since 1932 have since expanded to include the changing concerns of its massive membership spread around the world . Over the years , APU , at the national level , has been led by a succession of twelve Presidents General : Rev Chima Nwana who served from 1933 to 1947 with a succession of secretaries that included John Okereke , Louis Nwakire Obioha and Egboo Nwankwo ; Mazi David O. Mbadiwe ( who had served as the President pro tempore of the Oct. 1932 inaugural convention ) and was elected to serve as APU President from 1947 to 1949 when the National College dispute created an impasse between Ndianiche ( from where the president hailed ) and APU ; Mazi Albert Nwosu Igbo `` Ogbuanukwu '' from Ndiukwu who was appointed to serve as President of APU from 1950 to 1953 ; and Mazi D.T . Okoro took over as APU President and served from 1953 to Jan 15 1966 when all ethnic unions were proscribed by military decree . Between 1966 and 1974 APU was in limbo . However , the leadership role of APU during this interregnum was carried out by other organisations . First , ( between 1967 and 1970 ) by the Arondizuogu War Emergency Council , one of the impromptu bodies formed in various clans at the instance of the authorities of the short-lived Republic of Biafra . Second , ( between 1971 and 1974 ) by the 1st Arondizuogu Community Council set up in consequence of the Divisional Administration Edict passed ion 1971 by the Government of the old East Central State . Mazi R.O . Ikoro served as chairman of both the Arondizuogu War Emergency Council and the Arondizuogu Community Council .
Present
After the Nigerian Civil War , Mazi Ben Ozonede Onwuka became the Union 's President following the resuscitation of APU in 1974 and served till 1976 ; Mazi Remy Nwafor Unegbu who was nicknamed the `` Perfect Peacemaker '' served as President - General of APU from 1976 till he died in office in 1981 , Mazi Reuben O. Egbuonu , who served under Unegbu as 1st Vice President , succeeded him and served as President till 1984 when he lost the APU Presidency to an Aba based business mogul Chief Clement Moore Obioha who was succeeded in 1991 by Dr. Chukwuma Nkemdi Obioha . In 1993 , Chief Joel West Umeh took over from Chukwuma Obioha and served as President till 1996 ; Chief L. Iheanyi Okoro took over in 1996 and served first as Chairman of a Caretaker Committee of the National Executive of APU and , later , as President General by acclamation ; and Mazi Oguguo Okereke served as President General of the union between 2000 and 2008 . Hon . Barr . Uche Ohia from Ndiakeme Ohiauchu who was elected on October 25 , 2008 , served as President - General till October 20 , 2012 , when Chief Chris Robins Okoro , the current President - General of APU was elected
Igbo unions
Aro people
The name Vicky or Vicki has been used for six tropical cyclones worldwide .
In the Atlantic Ocean :
Tropical Storm Vicky ( 2020 ) , a tropical storm that formed in the eastern Atlantic , the earliest twentieth named storm on record .
In the Australian region :
Cyclone Vicky ( 1972 ) , affected northwestern Australia .
In the Southern Pacific Ocean :
Cyclone Vicky ( 2001 ) , never threatened land .
Cyclone Vicky ( 2020 ) , brought heavy rainfall to the Samoan Islands .
In the Western Pacific Ocean :
Typhoon Vicki ( 1998 ) ( T9807 , 11W , Gading ) , affected the Philippines and made landfall in southern Japan .
Tropical Storm Krovanh ( 2020 ) ( T2023 , 26W , Vicky ) , affected the Philippines , Malaysia , and Thailand .
Atlantic hurricane set index articles
Pacific typhoon set index articles
Australian region cyclone set index articles
South Pacific cyclone set index articles
Butz is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Arthur Butz ( born 1933 ) , American professor and Holocaust denier
Dave Butz ( born 1950 ) , American football player
Earl Butz ( 1909–2008 ) , American Secretary of Agriculture under Presidents Nixon and Ford
Edwin Butz ( 1864–1956 ) , Seventh-day Adventist missionary active in Oceania and Australia
Norbert Leo Butz ( born 1967 ) , American actor
See also
Dr. J. Butz , a music publishing company
Butts ( name )
Betz ( disambiguation )
Larry Butz , a fictional character in the Ace Attorney series
Bartz Klauser , a Final Fantasy V character whose name was rendered `` Butz '' in some versions
Brenda J Butz
Mohammad Bassam Imadi ( born 1950 ) is the former Syrian ambassador to Sweden , who defected from the Bashar al-Assad government in 2011 and became a member of the opposition Syrian National Council .
Career
Imadi resigned from his post as Syrian ambassador to Sweden in 2009 . He began working with the opposition at the start of the uprising in March 2011 .
Defection
Imadi fled to Turkey with his family in December 2011 .
References
1950 births
Living people
People of the Syrian civil war
Syrian defectors
Ambassadors of Syria to Sweden
Scheer is a town in the district of Sigmaringen , in Baden-Württemberg , Germany . It is situated on the Danube , 6 km east of Sigmaringen .
References
Sigmaringen ( district )
Württemberg
Populated places on the Danube
Anahí Ester Sánchez ( born 21 July 1991 ) is an Argentine professional boxer . She is a three-weight world champion , having held the IBF female super-featherweight title in 2016 ; the WBA female lightweight title in 2017 ; and the WBA female super lightweight title in 2019 . She also held the WBA interim female featherweight title in 2015 and the WBA interim female super-lightweight title from 2018 to 2019 , and challenged for the WBC and IBF female super-featherweight , and WBC female super-lightweight titles between 2016 and 2019 .
Professional career
Sánchez made her professional debut on 15 November 2013 , scoring a first-round technical knockout ( TKO ) victory against Lorena Noemi Gomez at the Gimnasio Municipal in Pergamino , Argentina .
After compiling a record of 6–0 ( 2 KOs ) she faced Maria Soledad Capriolo for the vacant South American super featherweight title on 15 May 2015 , at the Gimnasio Municipal . Sánchez defeated Capriolo via first-round knockout ( KO ) to capture her first professional title .
Featherweight
After three more wins , one by stoppage , she faced former IBF female featherweight and reigning WBA interim female featherweight champion Dahiana Santana on 14 August 2015 at the Club Comunaciones in Pergamino . Sánchez captured her first title from a major sanctioning body , albeit an interim version , after defeating Santana by a wide unanimous decision ( UD ) over ten rounds . One judge scored the bout 99–91 while the other two scored it 97–93 .
Super featherweight
She successfully defended her interim title with a third-round TKO against Ana Maria Lozano in November , before facing Areti Mastrodouka for the vacant IBF female super featherweight title on 19 March 2016 at the Club Comunicaciones . Sánchez captured her first full world title , scoring a fifth-round stoppage victory via corner retirement ( RTD ) after Mastrodouka informed her corner that she no longer wished to continue at the end of the round .
After defending her IBF title with a majority decision ( MD ) victory against Tamara Marianela Nuñez in July , Sánchez was stripped of the title after it was revealed the promoter of the fight failed to obtain the necessary licences .
In her next fight she challenged WBC female super featherweight champion Eva Wahlström on 17 December 2016 at the Hartwall Arena in Helsinki , Finland . Sánchez suffered the first defeat of her professional career , losing by UD with judges ' scorecards reading 98–92 and 97–94 twice .
She bounced back from defeat with a first-round TKO victory against Verena Crespo in March 2017 , before attempting to regain the IBF title , she was stripped of , facing reigning champion Maïva Hamadouche on 18 May at the Cirque d'hiver in Paris , France . Sánchez failed in her attempt , losing by fourth-round TKO .
Lightweight
Following her second professional defeat she moved up a division to lightweight , defeating Maria Carina Brito via first-round knockout ( KO ) . Sánchez ' second fight at her new weight came against Cecilia Sofia Mena for the vacant WBA female lightweight title on 9 September 2017 at the Club Defensores de Villa Lujan in San Miguel de Tucumán , Argentina . Sánchez defeated Mena via sixth-round TKO , capturing the WBA title to become a two-weight world champion .
Two days after capturing the WBA title , British promoter Eddie Hearn announced that a deal had been made for Sánchez to face 2012 Olympic gold medalist Katie Taylor on 28 October 2017 at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff , Wales , live on Sky Sports Box Office as part of the undercard for Anthony Joshua vs. Kubrat Pulev ( Pulev was later replaced by Carlos Takam ) . Before the fight , Sánchez was stripped of her title for failing to weigh in under the lightweight limit , meaning the WBA title would only be on the line of Taylor . In a fight which saw Sánchez dropped to the canvas from a left hand to the ribs in the second round , she went on to suffer her third professional defeat , losing by a wide UD with all three judges scoring the bout 99–90 .
Super lightweight
Following the defeat to Taylor , Sánchez once again moved up in weight to the super lightweight division . Her first fight at the weight was a fifth-round KO victory against Ruth Stephanie Aquino in February 2018 . Sánchez next fought former world title challenger Diana Ayala for the vacant WBA interim female super lightweight title on 20 April at the Club Comunicaciones . Sánchez defeated Ayala via first-round KO to capture a title in a third division .
After being elevated from interim to full WBA female super lightweight champion , Sánchez faced WBC champion Jessica McCaskill in a unification bout on 25 May 2019 at the MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill , Maryland . After having success in the first half of the fight , Sánchez went on to lose by a wide UD , with the judges ' scorecards reading 98–91 , 98–92 , and 96–94 .
Her next fight was a WBC final eliminator—with the winner securing a shot at former conqueror Jessica McCaskill—against former IBO female lightweight champion Chantelle Cameron on 9 November 2019 at the York Hall in London , England . Sánchez suffered a knockdown in the ninth round en route to a wide UD defeat , with two judges scoring the bout 100–89 and the third scoring it 99–90 .
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Argentine women boxers
Featherweight boxers
Super-featherweight boxers
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
World super-featherweight boxing champions
World lightweight boxing champions
World light-welterweight boxing champions
World Boxing Association champions
International Boxing Federation champions
People from Pergamino
Asia Song Festival , A-Song-Fe or ASF , is an annual Asian pop music festival held in South Korea , since 2004 . It is hosted by Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange ( KOFICE ) and features artists from Asian countries . Participating artists are awarded a plaque of appreciation by the Korean Ministry of Culture , Sports and Tourism and Best Asian Artist by the chairman of Korea Foundation for International Culture and Exchange ( KOFICE ) . South Korean boy band TVXQ is the only act to have participated for five consecutive years , since the 1st festival in 2004 .
This festival is recorded and broadcast on Seoul Broadcasting System in Korea and Fuji TV in Japan ; and other major broadcasting stations around the world including the United States , China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Thailand , Malaysia , Indonesia , Brunei , the Philippines , Finland , Bulgaria , Vietnam and Singapore .
The theme song for the 2011 Festival `` Dreams Come True '' , a duet by Lee Donghae of Super Junior and Seohyun of Girls ' Generation was released on 11 October 2011 as a digital single . The proceeds from the sale were donated to Unicef to help children in African countries .
History
Awards
Participating countries
See also
List of music festivals in South Korea
K-pop
J-pop
Hokkien pop
Mandopop
Cantopop
Thai pop
V-pop
Pinoy pop
Indo pop
Malaysian pop
References
External links
Asia Song Festival official site ( in Korean )
Music festivals established in 2004
Pop music festivals in South Korea
South Korean music awards
K-pop festivals
Annual events in South Korea
Autumn events in South Korea
The Ghipeș is a right tributary of the river Homorodul Mare in Romania . It flows into the Homorodul Mare near Mărtiniș . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Harghita County
Uwe Sterzik ( born 27 April 1966 ) is a German water polo player . He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics , the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics . During his career , he won more than 340 international caps and later became the coach of the Swiss national team .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
German male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of West Germany
Olympic water polo players of Germany
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Ostrov ( Karlovy Vary District )
India 2020 : A Vision for the New Millennium is a book , written by the 11th President of India A P J Abdul Kalam and Y. S. Rajan . The book was written by the duo in the year 1998 , before Kalam 's tenure as President . It talks about Kalam 's ideas for India 's future and for developing India .
Overview
The book examines in depth the weaknesses and strengths of India , and offers a vision of how India can emerge to be among the world 's top four economic powers by the year 2020 . The Vision is dedicated to a ten-year-old girl whom Kalam met during one of his talks and asked her about her ambitions , to which the young girl replied , `` I want to live in a developed India . ''
In his book India 2020 , Kalam strongly advocates an action plan to develop India into a strong nation by the year 2020 . He regards his nation as a knowledge superpower and developed nation . The book describes the present and future scenario in India and developed countries . It compares the various statistical data and explains how India can improve it . Kalam explains the importance of science and technology for the development of India .
In chapter 1 of the book the authors stress the importance of a vision for India , using nations like US , China , Malaysia , and Israel as examples . However , they also point out that this vision should be original , rather than imitating other nations .
In the book , Kalam had also said that it should be the dream of all the citizens to see India as a developed country .
Reception
According to The Times of India , `` Seldom does one , in these troubled times , see such a lucid marshaling of facts and figures to bolster the thesis that India is mere two decades away from super-power status '' . The Statesman reviewed the book as , `` A book of revelation in a plain wrapper '' .
The book has been translated into multiple languages .
Chapters
The book has about 344 pages which are divided into 13 chapters .
Can India Become a Developed Country ? yes
What other countries Envision for Themselves
Evolution of Technology Vision 2020
Food , Agriculture and Processing
Materials and the Future
Chemicals Industries and Our Biological Wealth400
Manufacturing for the Future
Services as People 's Wealth 50
Strategic Industries
Health Care for All
The Enabling Infrastructure
Realizing the Vision
Response towards India 2020
See also
Ignited Minds : Unleashing the Power Within India , a follow-up by Kalam written in 2002
Target 3 Billion , book about rural development by Kalam and Srijan Pal Singh
References
External links
2020- A Vision for the New Millennium , abdulkalam.nic.in
1998 non-fiction books
Books about India
Books about politics of India
2020 in India
21st century in India
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
20th-century Indian books
Indian non-fiction books
Smaranda Olarinde is a Nigerian professor of Law , President of the Nigerian Association of Law Teachers and incumbent Vice chancellor of Afe Babalola University .
In 1995 , she served as UNICEF 's legal researcher for Niger and Oyo State .
Career
Mrs. Olarinde has over three decades of cumulative experience as a law teacher , academic , researcher and legal practitioner . Her legal background , in both civil law ( Romania ) and common law ( Nigeria ) systems , adds to her diverse multidisciplinary profile .
Her focus has been on women , children and young adolescents rights and protection . In 1989 , she was a legal researcher for IDRC on land tenure and access to land for women . She also served as a legal researcher for the World Bank on law development and the status of women ( 1990 ) and towards a gender strategy in Nigeria ( 1992 ) .
She was a member of the “ think tank ” for the legal protection of children in Oyo State and coordinator of the International Federation of Women Lawyers ( FIDA ) .
Mrs. Olarinde carried out several multidisciplinary researches on reproductive rights , women and children 's rights , HIV/AIDS and participated in the collaborative effort between researchers from Israel , the Netherlands and Nigeria .
She is actively involved in training law students at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels , as well as law clinicians for participation in community services involving pro bono legal advice .
Personal life
Smaranda is the mother of Freeze of Cool FM personality Ifedayo Olarinde .
See also
Afe Babalola
References
External links
Living people
People from Oyo State
Nigerian women lawyers
Nigerian human rights activists
Nigerian women academics
University of Ibadan faculty
Nigerian people of Romanian descent
Nigerian women activists
UNICEF people
Nigerian officials of the United Nations
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yoruba people
6th Nova Scotia general election may refer to :
Nova Scotia general election , 1785 , the 6th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia , for the 6th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia general election , 1886 , the 28th overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 29th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 6th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
The Sandown Guineas is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race for three year olds at set weights run over a distance of 1600 metres at Sandown Racecourse , Melbourne , Australia in mid November . Prize money is A $ 250,000 .
History
The race was initially introduced for three year old fillies . In 1968 the race was opened for all three year olds . From 1957 to 1964 and in 2013 and 2021 the race was run at Caulfield Racecourse .
Grade
1968–1978 - Principal race
1979 onwards - Group 2
Distance
1957–1967 - 1 mile ( ~1600 metres )
1968–1969 - 1 mile 2 furlongs ( ~2100 metres )
1970–1971 - 1 mile ( ~1600 metres )
1972 onwards - 1600 metres
Winners
For three-year-olds
2021 - Blue Army
2020 - Allibor
2019 - Pretty Brazen
2018 - Ringerdingding
2017 - Villermont
2016 - Morton 's Fork
2015 - Mahuta
2014 - Petrology
2013 - Paximadia
2012 - Tatra
2011 - So Swift
2010 - Pressday
2009 - Kidnapped
2008 - Caymans
2007 - Schilling
2006 - Sender
2005 - Cayambe
2004 - Binding
2003 - Pay Keys
2002 - Dextrous
2001 - Moon Dragon
2000 - Scenic Warrior
1999 - Over
1998 - Sedation
1997 - Special Dane
1996 - King Ivor
1995 - Peep On The Sly
1994 - Baryshnikov
1993 - Voting
1992 - Navy Seal
1991 - Star Video -
1990 - Durbridge
1989 - Stargazer
1988 - Blixen
1987 - Ascot Lane
1986 - Sea Swell
1985 - Shankhill Lass
1984 - Brave Salute
1983 - Mr. Ironclad
1982 - Cossack Prince
1981 - Galleon
1980 - Polar Air
1979 - Snowing
1978 - Just A Steal
1977 - So Called
1976 - Opposition
1975 - Better Draw
1974 - Shiftmar
1973 - Taj Rossi
1972 - Carnation For Me
1971 - Andros
1970 - Abdul
1969 - Top Flat
1968 - Always There
For three-year-old fillies only
1967 - Begonia Belle
1966 - Hialeah
1965 - Fire Band
1964 - Light Fingers
1963 - Ripa
1962 - Birthday Card
1961 - Indian Summer
1960 - Lady Sybil
1959 - Twilight Glow
1958 - But Beautiful
1957 - Orient
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Horse races in Australia
Quantum-optical spectroscopy is a quantum-optical generalization of laser spectroscopy where matter is excited and probed with a sequence of laser pulses .
Classically , such pulses are defined by their spectral and temporal shape as well as phase and amplitude of the electromagnetic field . Besides these properties of light , the phase-amplitude aspects have intrinsic quantum fluctuations that are of central interest in quantum optics . In ordinary laser spectroscopy , one utilizes only the classical aspects of laser pulses propagating through matter such as atoms or semiconductors . In quantum-optical spectroscopy , one additionally utilizes the quantum-optical fluctuations of light to enhance the spectroscopic capabilities by directly shaping and/or detecting the quantum fluctuations of light . Quantum-optical spectroscopy has applications in controlling and characterizing quantum dynamics of many-body states because one can directly access a large set of many-body states , which is not possible in classical spectroscopy .
Quantum-optical state injection
A generic electromagnetic field can always be expressed in terms of a mode expansion where individual components form a complete set of modes . Such modes can be constructed with different methods and they can , e.g. , be energy eigenstate , generic spatial modes , or temporal modes . Once this light mode are chosen , their effect on the quantized electromagnetic field can be described by Boson creation and annihilation operators
and
for photons , respectively . The quantum fluctuations of the light field can be uniquely defined by the photon correlations
that contain the pure -particle correlations as defined with the cluster-expansion approach . Using the same second-quantization formalism for the matter being studied , typical electronic excitations in matter can be described by Fermion operators for electronic excitations and holes , i.e.~electronic vacancies left behind to the many-body ground state . The corresponding electron–hole excitations can be described by operators and that create and annihilate an electron–hole pair , respectively .
In several relevant cases , the light–matter interaction can be described using the dipole
interaction
where the summation is implicitly taken over all possibilities to create an electron–hole pair ( the part ) via a photon absorption ( the part ) ; the Hamiltonian also contains the Hermitian conjugate ( abbreviated as h.c. ) of the terms that are explicitly written . The coupling strength between light and matter is defined by .
When the electron–hole pairs are excited resonantly with a single-mode light , the photon correlations are directly injected into the many-body correlations . More specifically , the fundamental form of the light–matter interaction inevitably leads to a correlation-transfer relation
between photons and electron–hole excitations . Strictly speaking , this relation is valid before the onset of scattering induced by the Coulomb and phonon interactions in the solid . Therefore , it is desirable to use laser pulses that are faster than the dominant scattering processes . This regime is relatively easy to realize in present-day laser spectroscopy because lasers can already output femtosecond , or even attosecond , pulses with a high precision in controllability .
Realization
Physically , the correlation-transfer relation means that one can directly inject desired
many-body states simply by adjusting the quantum fluctuations of the light pulse , as long as the light pulse is short enough . This opens a new possibility for studying properties of distinct many-body states , once the quantum-optical spectroscopy is realized through controlling the quantum fluctuations of light sources . For example , a coherent-state laser is described entirely by its single-particle expectation value . Therefore , such excitation directly injects property that is polarization related to electron–hole transitions . To directly excite bound electron–hole pairs , i.e. , excitons , described by a two-particle correlation , or a biexciton transition , one needs to have a source with or photon correlations , respectively .
To realize quantum-optical spectroscopy , high-intensity light sources with freely adjustable quantum statistics are needed which are currently not available . However , one can apply projective methods to access the quantum–optical response of matter from a set of classical measurements . Especially , the method presented by Kira , M. et al is robust in projecting quantum-optical responses of genuine many-body systems . This work has shown that one can indeed reveal and access many–body properties that remain hidden in classical spectroscopy . Therefore , the quantum-optical spectroscopy is ideally suited for characterizing and controlling complicated many-body states in several different systems , ranging from molecules to semiconductors .
Relation to semiconductor quantum optics
Quantum-optical spectroscopy is an important approach in general semiconductor quantum optics . The capability to discriminate and control many-body states is certainly interested in extended semiconductors such as quantum wells because a typical classical excitation indiscriminately detects contributions from multiple many-body configurations ; With quantum-optical spectroscopy one can access and control a desired many-body state within an extended semiconductor . At the same time , the ideas of quantum-optical spectroscopy can also be useful when studying simpler systems such as quantum dots .
Quantum dots are a semiconductor equivalent to simple atomic systems where most of the first quantum-optical demonstrations have been measured . Since quantum dots are man-made , one can possibly customize them to produce new quantum-optical components for information technology . For example , in quantum-information science , one is often interested to have light sources that can output photons on demand or entangled photon pairs at specific frequencies . Such sources have already been demonstrated with quantum dots by controlling their photon emission with various schemes . In the same way , quantum-dot lasers may exhibit unusual changes in the conditional probability to emit a photon when already one photon is emitted ; this effect can be measured in the so-called g2 correlation . One interesting possibility for quantum-optical spectroscopy is to pump quantum dots with quantum light to control their light emission more precisely .
Quantum-dot microcavity investigations have progressed rapidly ever since the experimental demonstration of vacuum Rabi splitting between a single dot and a cavity resonance . This regime can be understood on the basis of the Jaynes–Cummings model while the semiconductor aspects provide many new physical effects due to the electronic coupling with the lattice vibrations .
Nevertheless , the quantum Rabi splitting—stemming directly from the quantized light levels—remained elusive because many experiments were monitoring only the intensity of photoluminescence . Following the ideology of quantum-optical spectroscopy , Ref . predicted that quantum-Rabi splitting could be resolved in photon-correlation measurement even when it becomes smeared out in photoluminescence spectrum . This was experimentally demonstrated by measuring the so-called g2 correlations that quantify how regularly the photons are emitted by the quantum dot inside a microcavity .
See also
Photon antibunching
Resonance fluorescence
Semiconductor Bloch equations
Semiconductor luminescence equations
Ultrafast laser spectroscopy
References
Further reading
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Time-resolved spectroscopy
The Holy Family with Angels ( 1645 ) is an oil painting on canvas by the Dutch painter Rembrandt . It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Hermitage Museum .
Description
This painting was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1915 , who wrote:94 . THE HOLY FAMILY WITH THE ANGELS . Sm . 72. ; Bode 321 ; Dutuit 59 ; Wb . 391 ; B.-HdG . 251 . In the foreground of Joseph 's carpenter 's workshop , the Virgin Mary sits on a low chair , holding a large open book on her left arm . She rests her left foot on a foot-warmer and leans over to the left to draw the green curtain of the cradle in which the Child lies asleep under a red fur-lined coverlet . Mary wears a deep red gown and dark blue skirt , and a white kerchief and cap . Behind her in half-shadow , Joseph , in a brown working-dress , is shaping a yoke with his axe . From above to the left child-angels flutter down , throwing a bright light on the Virgin and the cradle . Full-length figures , almost half life-size . Signed on the left at foot , `` Rembrandt f. 1645 '' ; canvas , 46 1/2 inches by 36 inches . An old copy without the angels was in the possession of an English dealer in 1899 , and afterwards in the possession of a New York dealer . Another copy without the angels was in the sale : –London , June 7 , 1912 , No . 23 ( £15 : 15s. ) . A pen-drawing for the picture is in the collection of Leon Bonnat , Paris ; reproduced by Lippmann-Hofstede de Groot , No . 20 . A study in chalk for the Child in the cradle was in the collection of J. P. Heseltine , London , and is now in the collection of H. Oppenheim , London ; reproduced by Lippmann , No . i883 . Engraved by J. Vendramini , 1836 ; by J. Sanders in outline in F. Labenski , Description de I'Ermitage , i . 28 . Etched by N. Mossoloff in Les Rembrandts de l ' Ermitage . Lithographed by H. Robillard in Gohier Desfontaines and P. Petit , Galerie de l ' Ermitage , i . 4 . Mentioned by Vosmaer , pp . 262 , 537 ; by Bode , pp . 474 , 599 ; by Dutuit , p. 38 ; by Michel , pp . 299 , 566 [ 228-9 , 441 ] ; by Waagen , The Picture Gallery of the Hermitage , p. 177 . Sale . Adriaen Bout , The Hague , August 11 , 1733 ( Hoet , i . 390 ) , No . 81 ( 150 florins ) ; said to measure 43 1/2 inches by 55 inches . In the Crozat collection , Paris ; bought for the Hermitage by the Empress Catherine ii . In the Hermitage Palace , Petrograd , 1901 catalogue , No . 796 [ said by Sm . in 1836 to be well worth £2100 ] .
Unusual portrayal in home setting
Rembrandt portrays the Holy Family as a typical family of Amsterdam in his day . In the foreground Jesus is asleep in the same style of wicker crib that can be seen in period paintings of mothers with babies by Pieter de Hooch . Mary looks up from her book to take a peek at the sleeping child under the crib curtain ( Dutch : klamboe ) . In the background Joseph is working on making a yoke.The yoke refers both to the coming of the Lord according to Isaiah ( `` For the yoke of their burden , and the bar across their shoulders , the rod of their oppressor , you have broken as on the day of Midian '' ) , as well as the words of Jesus according to Matthew the Apostle ( `` Come to me , all you who are weary and burdened , and I will give you rest . Take my yoke upon you and learn from me , for I am gentle and humble in heart , and you will find rest for your souls , for my yoke is easy and my burden is light '' ) .
Other `` Holy Family '' paintings by Rembrandt or his school are :
References
72 . The Holy Family in Smith 's catalogue raisonné of 1836
The Holy Family with Angels in the RKD
The Holy Family with Angels , in the Hermitage website
1630s paintings
Paintings by Rembrandt
Paintings in the collection of the Hermitage Museum
Rembrandt
Angels in art
Books in art
SFZ or sfz may refer to :
Sforzando , a dynamic marking in music
Sforzando ( band ) , a Celtic music band from Australia
SFZ ( file format ) , a plain text file format for instrument data in software synthesizers
Slovak Football Association
Sorong Fault Zone , a geological fault line in Western Pacific Ocean
Star Fox Zero , a video game
Gim me Gim me Gim me is a British television sitcom which premiered on BBC Two on 8 January 1999 . It was entirely written by Jonathan Harvey and stars Kathy Burke and James Dreyfus , with supporting cast including Beth Goddard , Brian Bovell , and Rosalind Knight . Two series and a Millennium special had been broadcast and due to the success of the series , it was moved to BBC One for the third and final series , concluding on 14 December 2001 . Overall , the series included 19 episodes and Comic Relief special .
All the series were broadcast on Fridays . The times varied between 8:00pm and 10:00pm .
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 ( 1999 )
Series 2 ( 1999–2000 )
Comic Relief special ( 2001 )
Series 3 ( 2001 )
External links
Gim me Gim me Gim me at Epguides.com
BBC-related lists
Lists of British LGBT-related television series episodes
Lists of British sitcom episodes
Lists of sex comedy television series episodes
Better Than Us ( , literally Better than Humans ) is a 2018 Russian science fiction television series created by Andrey Junkovsky , about an advanced empathic android named Arisa . It stars Paulina Andreeva and Russian-Estonian actor Kirill Käro , as well as Aleksandr Ustyugov . It was produced by Yellow , Black and White in cooperation with Sputnik Vostok Production for the Russian state channel C1R .
Netflix purchased it under the English title Better than Us , and it is the first Russian series presented as a Netflix original series . On 16 August 2019 , the first season of sixteen episodes became available to stream in Netflix markets outside of Russia and China . A second season of ten episodes is planned to begin filming in Moscow and Beijing in the third quarter of 2021 .
Synopsis
The story takes place in 2029 , in a world where androids serve humans in various positions , even replacing them in many menial jobs . An advanced robot named Arisa is imported to Russia from China discreetly , within the CRONOS corporation . Arisa accidentally kills a man who tries to use her as a sex robot , and then flees . Her ability to kill humans shows she does not abide by Asimov 's Three Laws of Robotics . Instead , she is designed to protect her family ( which includes herself ) by all means possible . She encounters a little girl ( Sonia ) and automatically bonds with her , making herself the child 's guardian .
The series follows three storylines :
that of Arisa and the family she adopts ;
the family 's son , Egor Safronov , and his girlfriend , Zhanna , as part of the anti-droid militant group called the `` Liquidators '' ;
the secrets of Viktor Toropov , the head of CRONOS , as he tries to hide the fact that they are unable to make another Arisa .
By the end , it is revealed that China 's one-child policy has led to a critical shortage of marriageable women , so an engineer designed Arisa ; she is programmed to be a wife to a man and mother to adopted children . However , her creator dies and Arisa is sold to the Russian robotics firm CRONOS .
Cast and characters
Paulina Andreeva as Arisa , prototype of a new generation of empathetic bots
Kirill Käro as Georgy Safronov , pathologist , former surgeon , father to Egor and Sonya
Aleksandr Ustyugov as Viktor Toropov , CRONOS director
Family
Olga Lomonosova as Alla Safronova , Georgy 's ex-wife
Eldar Kalimulin as Egor Safronov , Georgy and Alla 's son
Vita Kornienko as Sonya Safronova , Georgy and Alla 's daughter
CRONOS , Liquidators , and related
Aleksandr Kuznetsov as Bars , bartender at Club Liquidators and Zhanna 's brother
Vera Panfilova as Zhanna Barseneva , waitress at Bot.Net and Bars ' sister
Fedor Lavrov as Gleb , a fixer on Toropov 's payroll ( CRONOS ) and liaison to the Liquidators
Sergey Sosnovsky as Alexey Stepanovich Losev , head of the State Duma Committee on Cybersecurity and Svetlana 's father
Pavel Vorozhtsov as Igor Mikhailovich Maslovsky , head tech at CRONOS
Irina Tarannik as Svetlana Toropova , Viktor 's wife
Mariya Lugovaya as Larisa 'Lara ' Kuras , a hacker helping the Liquidators , who is involved with Bars
Police
Sergey Kolesnikov as Anatoly Vladimirovich Svetov , head of the police department on fighting cybercrime
Kirill Polukhin as Pavel Borisovich Varlamov , an investigator in the cybercrime department , a former employee of the homicide department
Viktoriya Korlyakova as Irina Plescheeva , a subordinate to Varlamov in the cybercrime department
Production
The filming of the television series began in 2016 and ended in 2018 .
See also
Almost Human , 2013 American television series
Real Humans , 2012 Swedish television series
Humans , 2015 British-American television series
References
External links
Better than Us on Netflix
Androids in television
Russian-language television shows
2018 Russian television series debuts
2010s Russian television series
Russian-language Netflix original programming
Existentialist television series
Hard science fiction
Philosophical fiction
Robots in television
Serial drama television series
Television shows filmed in Moscow
Transhumanism in television series
Channel One Russia original programming
Russian drama television series
Russian science fiction television series
Works set in Moscow
Science fiction web series
2018 web series debuts
The chestnut-bellied thrush ( Turdus fulviventris ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest .
Description
The chestnut-bellied thrush grows to a length of about . The adult male has a black head , a black throat with some white streaking , a dark grey back and dusky wings and tail . The upper breast is pale grey and the lower breast and belly are rufous . The beak is yellow , the narrow eye ring is orange and the legs are dull yellow . The female is similar in appearance but rather duller . It is the only thrush in the genus Turdus with a rufous belly to be found in the northern Andes . The song is not often uttered , but consists of a series of disjointed phrases with some buzzes and short trills in between .
Distribution and habitat
The chestnut-bellied thrush is native to northwestern South America . Its range includes western Venezuela , western Colombia , Ecuador , northern Peru and northwestern Bolivia . Its habitat is woodland and the canopy and edges of montane forests at altitudes between .
Ecology
This thrush often occurs singly and may also be seen in pairs , but does not usually join mixed flocks . Males may sing from high in the canopy , and both sexes often forage among the twigs and branches . It sometimes descends to ground level , particularly besides roads and trails , and turns over the leaf litter , searching for invertebrates , and may remain in one area for some time .
Status
The chestnut-bellied thrush is described as an uncommon species and the population is thought to be declining slowly as the bird 's woodland habitat is degraded . However , it has a very large range and presumably a large total population , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
chestnut-bellied thrush
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
chestnut-bellied thrush
chestnut-bellied thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women 's 100 metre backstroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 14 January 1998 in Perth , Western Australia .
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Women 's Olympic Games 100m Backstroke ( Atlanta )
1997 Women 's World SC Championships 100m Backstroke ( Gothenburg )
1997 Women 's European LC Championships 100m Backstroke ( Seville )
2000 Women 's Olympic Games 100m Backstroke ( Sydney )
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women 's swimming
The glossy-black thrush ( Turdus serranus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found from northern Venezuela to northwestern Argentina . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
glossy-black thrush
Birds of the Northern Andes
glossy-black thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eliška Richtrová ( born 1 July 1959 ) , née Klímová , also Richtrová-Klímová , is a Czech chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster ( 1982 ) . She was a five-time winner of the Czechoslovak Women 's Chess Championship ( 1979 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1988 ) .
Biography
From the end 1970s to the mid-1990s , Eliška Richtrová was one of the leading Czechoslovakian women 's chess players . In 1978 , she won second place at the European Girl 's Chess Cup . She won the Czechoslovak Women 's Chess Championships five times : 1979 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1988 . Also she two times finished as silver medalist : in 1977 and in 1978 . Two-time champion of the Czech Republic in rapid chess in 2006 and in 2011 , a bronze medal in 2013 . In the blitz chess championship of the Czech Republic she received a silver medal in 2013 and two bronze medals in 2003 and in 2006 . The medalist of many international chess tournaments , including won Novi Sad ( 1981 ) , Halle ( 1983 ) , Bydgoszcz ( 1985 ) and Prague ( 1986 ) . In 1980 , she was awarded the FIDE Woman International Master ( WIM ) title and received the FIDE Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) title two years later .
Eliška Richtrová three times participated in the Women 's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournaments :
In 1982 , at Interzonal Tournament in Bad Kissingen shared 4th-5th place ;
In 1987 , at Interzonal Tournament in Smederevska Palanka shared 2nd-4th place , but ranked 3rd in Tbilisi playoff after Nona Gaprindashvili and Irina Levitina ;
In 1990 , at Interzonal Tournament in Azov ranked 3rd place .
In 1990 , she participated at Candidates Tournament in Borjomi and stayed in the last , 8th place .
Eliška Richtrová played for Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic in the Women 's Chess Olympiads :
In 1988 , at first board in the 28th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Thessaloniki ( +3 , =6 , -5 ) ,
In 1990 , at first board in the 29th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Novi Sad ( +5 , =6 , -2 ) ,
In 1992 , at first board in the 30th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Manila ( +5 , =6 , -3 ) ,
In 2008 , at fourth board in the 38th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Dresden ( +4 , =2 , -4 ) .
In 1984 she graduated from the University of Economics ( Prague ) as an engineer . In 1989 she graduated from the Charles University as a chess trainer . Since 1993 she works as an accountant and tax adviser . Since 2014 , she is a member of the municipality of České Budějovice . Since November 2015 member of the Financial Commission of České Budějovice . From December 2014 to November 2015 , she was a member the supervisory board of České Budějovice , supervising the forest and ponds . Since February 2016 she is on the supervisory board of the transport enterprise České Budějovice .
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Czech female chess players
Czechoslovak female chess players
Chess woman grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Charles University alumni
North Hertfordshire Museum , displays collections relating to local history and heritage . It is located adjacent to the refurbished Hitchin Town Hall on Brand Street , Hitchin , Hertfordshire .
History
In 2004–5 , North Hertfordshire District Council undertook a Fundamental Service Review of its Museum Service . Although it found that visitors greatly valued all aspects of the service ( Hitchin Museum and Art Gallery , Letchworth Museum & Art Gallery , the Education Service with its School Loans scheme , the Archaeology and the Natural History Services ) , the two museums were both described as unfit for purpose and the Museums Resource Centre at Burymead Road in Hitchin as outdated and inefficient .
The review had five main recommendations , one of which was to close the two existing museums at Letchworth and at Hitchin , and instead run a museum and gallery on a single town-centre site . A feasibility study was commissioned to investigate the possibility of converting Hitchin Town Hall to museum use . The museum , which was designed by Buttress with museum layout by Mather & Co. , opened in July 2019 .
The galleries
The museum has three galleries containing permanent exhibitions – Discovering North Herts , Living in North Herts and The Terrace Gallery – and one containing temporary exhibitions :
Discovering North Herts
This gallery follows the story of the district in chronological order . It highlights how and why North Hertfordshire has transformed over time , from 90 million years ago when it was underwater , to the urban planning that has shaped the district today .
Living in North Herts
This gallery is arranged thematically , to draw out similarities and differences between how people lived at different times in the past . The principal themes include Living off the Land , Fun and Games , Making and Selling , and Cradle to Crave .
The Terrace Gallery
This gallery is also arranged thematically . It includes the Football Collection , the first established in England by Vic Wayling , secretary of Hitchin Town F.C. , opening in 1956 and transferred to Hitchin Museum and Art Gallery in the 1980s . There is also a case Collecting the World , in which objects from every continent are displayed .
The Exhibition Gallery
This gallery is used to display temporary exhibitions .
See also
Hitchin Museum and Art Gallery
Letchworth Museum & Art Gallery
List of museums in Hertfordshire
References
External links
North Hertfordshire Museum website
Former Hitchin Museum website
Former Letchworth Museum website
Objects from the Museum 's collections in an East of England Broadband Network gallery
2019 establishments in England
Museums established in 2019
Local museums in Hertfordshire
Buildings and structures in Hitchin
Isaiah Ross ( born November 6 , 1981 ) is a former American football guard . He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2004 . He played college football at Nevada .
Ross was also a member of the Nashville Kats , New Orleans VooDoo , New Orleans Saints , Minnesota Vikings , Washington Redskins and California Redwoods .
External links
Just Sports Stats
Washington Redskins bio
United Football League bio
1981 births
Living people
Players of American football from California
American football offensive guards
Nevada Wolf Pack football players
San Diego Chargers players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Nashville Kats players
New Orleans VooDoo players
New Orleans Saints players
Minnesota Vikings players
Washington Redskins players
Sacramento Mountain Lions players
Sportspeople from Elk Grove , California
Jiangwan Town ( ) is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3 . It served as the northern terminus of Line 3 from its opening on 26 December 2000 until 18 December 2006 , when the northern extension to opened . Next to this station is a big supermarket with a lot of small clothes stores and some dinner locations . This station is used by people from a relatively large area , including many students living on Fudan University and Tongji University campuses . Both of these are less than 20 minutes ' walk away .
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Hongkou District
Line 3 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
John Safran 's Music Jamboree ( or just Music Jamboree ) was a light-hearted Australian music documentary television series , hosted by John Safran for SBS television . The program was produced by Richard Lowenstein , Selin Yaman and Ghost Pictures and directed by Craig Melville , Richard Lowenstein and a number of other directors under the production company Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions in association with SBS Independent . It screened in 2002 , and consisted of sketches and outlandish public stunts , typical of Safran 's work . The series won two Australian Film Institute Awards ; `` Best Comedy Series '' and `` Most Innovative Program Concept '' . SBS followed the series up with the similarly styled John Safran vs God in 2004 .
An infamous stunt of the series was sneaking nine friends into an exclusive Melbourne nightclub by dressing them up as the masked American metal band , Slipknot . The producers arranged entry for the impostors by pretending to be an American management company over the phone .
Other stunts included disguising himself as well known entertainers such as Ozzy Osbourne and Prince to harass the public , sketch versions of music videos such as Eminem , the creation of Jew Town , a Jewish boy band to compete with Christian pop , and returning to Yeshivah College to pay homage to Kevin Bacon in Footloose . He also details his time in the hip-hop group Raspberry Cordial , and the related incident in which he met the Beastie Boys and the band 's former DJ attempted to steal his girlfriend at the time .
A regular segment on the series was `` The Music Mole '' . In this segment a person dressed in a large mole costume ( much like a mascot ) was interviewed by Safran . The person was reported to be an insider ( i.e . a mole ) in the music industry who would reveal little known , often controversial facts about both the Australian and international music industries .
References
External links
Music Jamboree official site
Ghost Pictures official site
John Safran 's Music Jamboree at the National Film and Sound Archive
Australian music television series
2000s Australian comedy television series
2000s Australian documentary television series
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
2002 Australian television series debuts
2002 Australian television series endings
Musical comedy television shows
Lal Narayan Sinha was a lawyer who served as the Attorney General of India between 9 August 1979 and 8 August 1983 , and as the Solicitor General of India from 17 July 1972 until 5 April 1977 . He was educated at Patna Law College , Patna University .
Sinha was the first Attorney General to represent a private party during their term in office . Before becoming the Solicitor General of India , he was the Advocate General of Bihar for several years .
Family and early life
His son Lalit Mohan Sharma became the Chief Justice of India . His grandson Justice Parthasarthy currently serves as a Judge in the Patna High Court .
References
20th-century Indian lawyers
India
Solicitors General of India
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Gaya district
Senior Advocates in India
Riđage is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 215 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The slender-billed xenops ( Xenops tenuirostris ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swampland .
References
slender-billed xenops
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
slender-billed xenops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jan Grebenc ( born 18 August 1992 ) is a Slovenian handball player who plays for RD Riko Ribnica and the Slovenian national handball team .
He participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
1992 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Expatriate handball players
Slovenian expatriates in Denmark
Soumaya may refer to :
Museo Soumaya , a private museum of Mexico City
Sumaya ( given name ) ( often spelled Soumaya ) , an Arabic given name ( including a list of persons with the name )
Sugru ( given company name ) ( often spelled Sougroua ) , an Arabic given name ( including a list of persons with the name )
See also
Soumya
The Durrës International Film Festival or Durrës International Film Summerfest , officially International Film Summerfest of Durrës ( , is the newest international film festival in Albania . Founded by Durrës Municipality in 2008 , the festival has since taken place every year in late August or early September on Durrës Amphitheatre in Durrës , Albania .
The 7th Festival is taking place from 9 to 14 September 2014 .
Awards
The Film Festival 's principal awards are the Gladiatori i Artë ( Golden Gladiator ) , which is awarded to the best film screened in competition at the festival .. The Jury may also choose to award a Special Gladiator for an overall work to a director or actor of a film presented in the main competition section .
Golden Gladiator winners
The Golden Gladiator is the festival 's highest award for best film in the competition section Durrës ( plus the number of the edition ) .
Special Jury Prize
A Special Jury Prize is awarded to one or two films in most years .
References
Film festivals in Albania
Recurring events established in 2008
Durrës
Tourist attractions in Durrës County
In the United States , a pharmacy benefit manager ( PBM ) is a third-party administrator of prescription drug programs for commercial health plans , self-insured employer plans , Medicare Part D plans , the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program , and state government employee plans . According to the American Pharmacists Association , `` PBMs are primarily responsible for developing and maintaining the formulary , contracting with pharmacies , negotiating discounts and rebates with drug manufacturers , and processing and paying prescription drug claims . '' PBMs operate inside of integrated healthcare systems ( e.g. , Kaiser Permanente or Veterans Health Administration ) , as part of retail pharmacies ( e.g. , CVS Pharmacy or Rite-Aid ) , and as part of insurance companies ( e.g. , UnitedHealth Group ) .
As of 2016 , PBMs managed pharmacy benefits for 266 million Americans . In 2017 , the largest PBMs had higher revenue than the largest pharmaceutical manufacturers , indicating their increasingly large role in healthcare in the United States . However , in 2016 there were fewer than 30 major PBM companies in this category in the US , and three major PBMs ( Express Scripts , CVS Health , and OptumRx of UnitedHealth Group ) comprise 78 % of the market and cover 180 million enrollees .
Business model
In the United States , health insurance providers often hire an outside company to handle price negotiations , insurance claims , and distribution of prescription drugs . Providers which use such pharmacy benefit managers include commercial health plans , self-insured employer plans , Medicare Part D plans , the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program , and state government employee plans . PBMs are designed to aggregate the collective buying power of enrollees through their client health plans , enabling plan sponsors and individuals to obtain lower prices for their prescription drugs . PBMs negotiate price discounts from retail pharmacies , rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers , and mail-service pharmacies which home-deliver prescriptions without consulting face-to-face with a pharmacist .
Pharmacy benefit management companies can make revenue in several ways . First , they collect administrative and service fees from the original insurance plan . They can also collect rebates from the manufacturer . Traditional PBMs do not disclose the negotiated net price of the prescription drugs , allowing them to resell drugs at a public list price ( also known as a sticker price ) which is higher than the net price they negotiate with the manufacturer . This practice is known as `` spread pricing '' . Savings are generally considered trade secrets . Pharmacies and insurance companies are often prohibited by the PBM from discussing costs and reimbursements . This leads to lack of transparency .
The formulary
PBMs advise their clients on ways to `` structure drug benefits '' and offer complex selections at a variety of price rates from which clients choose . This happens by constructing a `` formulary '' or list of specific drugs that will be covered by the healthcare plan . The formulary is usually divided into several `` tiers '' of preference , with low tiers being assigned a higher copay to incentivize consumers to buy drugs on a preferred tier . Drugs which do not appear on the formulary at all mean consumers must pay the full list price . To get drugs listed on the formulary , manufacturers are usually required to pay the PBM a manufacturer 's rebate , which lowers the net price of the drug , while keeping the list price the same . Pharmaceutical manufacturers say that in order to cover the cost of these rebates , they are forced to raise the price of drugs . For example , the president of Eli Lilly and Company claims the cost of discounts and rebates accounts for 75 % of the list price of insulin . PBMs such as Express Scripts claim rebates are a response to rising list prices , and are not the cause of them .
The complex pricing structure of the formulary can have unexpected consequences . When filing an insurance claim , patients usually are charged an insurance copayment which is based on the public list price , and not the confidential net price . Around a quarter of the time , the cost of the insurance copayment on the list price is more than the entire price of the drug bought directly in cash . The PBM can then pocket the difference , in a practice known as a `` clawback '' . Consumers can choose to buy the drug in cash , but in their contracts with pharmacies , PBMs would forbid pharmacists from telling consumers about the possibility of buying their medication for a cheaper price without an insurance claim , unless consumers directly ask about it . Since 2017 , six states have passed legislation making such `` gag clauses '' illegal . This has recently been followed by a federal bans on gag orders for private insurance effective Oct 2018 , and for Medicare effective Jan 2020 .
Net effect on consumers
Overall , the PBM industry claims to provide significant cost savings for end users . For example , in 2015 , CVS Caremark said that it reduced its plan members ' prescription drug spending to 5 % , down from 11.8 % in 2014 . However , such conclusions can be controversial . A 2013 investigation of PBM marketing from Fortune Magazine showed : Drug pricing is difficult to untangle and customers have no way of knowing how much they are saving .
History
In 1968 , the first PBM was founded when Pharmaceutical Card System Inc. ( PCS , later AdvancePCS ) invented the plastic benefit card . By the `` 1970s , [ they ] serve [ d ] as fiscal intermediaries by adjudicating prescription drug claims by paper and then , in the 1980s , electronically '' .
By the late 1980s , PBMs had become a major force `` as health care and prescription costs were escalating '' . Diversified Pharmaceutical Services was one of the earliest examples of a PBM which came from within a national health maintenance organization United HealthCare ( now United HealthGroup ) . After SmithKline Beecham acquired DPS in 1994 , Diversified played a pivotal role in its Healthcare Service division and by 1999 UnitedHealth Group accounted for 44 % of Diversified Pharmaceutical Services 's total membership . Express Scripts acquired Diversified in April 1999 and consolidated itself as a leading PBM for managed care organizations .
In August 2002 , the Wall Street Journal wrote that while PBMs had `` steered doctors to cheaper drugs , especially low-cost generic copies of branded drugs from big pharmaceutical companies '' from 1992 through 2002 , they had `` quietly moved '' into marketing expensive brand name drugs .
In 2007 , when CVS acquired Caremark , the function of PBMs changed `` from simply processing prescription transactions to managing the pharmacy benefit for health plans '' , negotiating `` drug discounts with pharmaceutical manufacturers '' , and providing `` drug utilization reviews and disease management '' . PBMs also created a formulary to encourage or even require `` health plan participants to use preferred formulary products to treat their conditions '' . In 2012 , Express Scripts and CVS Caremark transitioned from using tiered formularies , to those that excluded drugs from their formulary .
Market and competition
As of 2004 , the Federal Trade Commission found PBMs operated in a marketplace with `` vigorous competition '' . And as of 2013 , in the United States , a majority of the large managed prescription drug benefit expenditures were conducted by about 60 PBMs . Few PBMs are independently owned and operated . PBM 's operate inside of integrated healthcare systems ( e.g. , Kaiser Permanente or Veterans Health Administration ) , as part of retail pharmacies , major chain drug stores ( e.g. , CVS Pharmacy or Rite-Aid ) , and as subsidiaries of managed care plans or insurance companies ( e.g. , UnitedHealth Group ) . However , in 2016 fewer than 30 major PBM companies were in this category in the US , and only three major PBMs ( Express Scripts , CVS Health , and OptumRx of UnitedHealth Group ) comprised 78 % of the market , covering 180 million enrollees .
In 2015 , the three largest public PBMs were Express Scripts , CVS Health ( formerly CVS Caremark ) and United Health/OptumRx/Catamaran . As of 2018 , the three largest PBMs controlled more than 80 % of the market .
Express Scripts
In 2012 Express Scripts acquired rival Medco Health Solutions for $ 29.1 billion and became `` a powerhouse in managing prescription drug benefits '' . As of 2015 , Express Scripts Holding Company was the largest pharmacy benefit management organization in the United States . with 2013 revenues of $ 104.62 billion .
In October 2015 Express Scripts began reviewing pharmacy programs run by AbbVie Inc and Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd regarding the potential use of tactics that `` can allow drugmakers to work around reimbursement restrictions '' from Express Scripts and other insurers . These reviews resulted from investigations into `` questionable practices '' at Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc 's partner pharmacy , Philidor Rx Services .
CVS Health
In 1994 , CVS launched PharmaCare , a pharmacy benefit management company providing a wide range of services to employers , managed care organizations , insurance companies , unions and government agencies . By 2002 CVS ' specialty pharmacy ProCare , the `` largest integrated retail/mail provider of specialty pharmacy services '' in the United States , was consolidated with their pharmacy benefit management company , PharmaCare . Caremark Rx was founded as a unit of Baxter International and in 1992 spun off from Baxter as a publicly traded company . In March 2007 , CVS Corporation acquired Caremark to create CVS Caremark , later re-branded as CVS Health .
In 2011 Caremark Rx was the nation 's second-largest PBM . Caremark Rx was subject to a class action lawsuit in Tennessee , which alleged that Caremark kept discounts from drug manufacturers instead of sharing them with member benefit plans , secretly negotiated rebates for drugs and kept the money , and provided plan members with more expensive drugs when less expensive alternatives were available . CVS Caremark paid $ 20 million to three states over fraud allegations .
UnitedHealth Group
OptumRx , one of the Optum businesses of UnitedHealth Group Inc , has been a leading PBM . In March 2015 UnitedHealth Group acquired Catamaran Corporation for about $ 12.8 billion to extend this PBM business .
Advocacy and lobbying
Many Pharmacy benefit managers are represented by the trade association the Pharmaceutical Care Management Association .
Biosimilars
PBMs have been strong proponents in the creation of a U.S. Food and Drug Administration pathway to approve biosimilar versions of expensive specialty drugs which treat conditions like Alzheimer 's , rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis . PBM 's support so-called biosimilar legislation which does not grant brand name drug manufacturers monopoly pricing power . In 2015 the Federal Trade Commission found that patents for biologic products already provide enough incentives for innovation and that additional periods of exclusivity would `` not spur the creation of a new biologic drug or indication '' and `` imperils '' the benefits of the approval process .
Controversies and litigation
In 1998 , PBMs were under investigation by Assistant U.S. Attorney James Sheehan of the federal Justice Department and their effectiveness in reducing prescription costs and saving clients money , were questioned .
In 2004 , litigation added to the uncertainty about PBM practices . In 2015 , there were seven lawsuits against PBMs involving fraud , deception , or antitrust claims .
State legislatures have been using `` transparency '' , `` fiduciary '' , and `` disclosure '' provisions to improve the business practices of PBMs . In 2011 , the Mississippi Board of Pharmacy formed a new division of the Pharmacy Benefit Managers , with a mandate to license and regulate PBMs .
A 2013 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services study found negotiated prices at mail order pharmacy to be up to 83 % higher than the negotiated prices at community pharmacies .
A 2014 ERISA ( Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ) hearing noted that vertically integrated PBMs may pose conflicts of interest , and that PBMs ' health plan sponsors `` face considerable obstacles in ... determin [ ing ] compliance with PBM contracts including direct and indirect PBM compensation contract terms '' .
In 2017 , the Los Angeles times wrote that PBMs cause an inflation in drug costs , especially within the area of diabetes drugs .
United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar stated regarding PBMs , `` Everybody wins when list prices rise , except for the patient . It 's rather a startling and perverse system that has evolved over time . ''
On January 31 , 2019 , Health and Human Services released a proposed rule to remove Anti-kickback Statute , safe harbor protections for PBMs and other plan sponsors , that previously allowed PBMs to seek rebates from drug manufacturers .
Ron Wyden said in April 2019 that they were as “ clear a middleman rip-off as you are going to find ” , because they make more money when they pick a higher priced drug over a lower priced drug .
See also
Online pharmacy
Preferred pharmacy network
References
External links
Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute list of PBM companies
Pharmacy benefit management companies based in the United States
Levi Day is a motorcycle racer from Australia . He is currently racing in the Ducati TriOptions Cup aboard a Ducati 959 .
Career statistics
2009- 6th , Australian 125 Championship # 57 Honda RS125R
2010- Australian 125 Championship # 57 Honda RS125R
2011- 14th , Australian Supersport Championship # 57 Suzuki GSX-R600
2012- 6th , Australian Supersport Championship # 57 Suzuki GSX-R600
2013- 9th , British National Superstock 600 Championship # 57 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2014- 8th , British National Superstock 600 Championship # 57 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2015- 20th , British Supersport Championship # 57 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2016- 29th , British Supersport Championship # 57 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2017- 3rd , Ducati TriOptions Cup # 57 Ducati 848
2018- Ducati TirOptions Cup # 57 Ducati 848
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1989 births
Living people
Australian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
New Largo is a populated place in the Emalahleni Local Municipality , Nkangala District Municipality in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa .
As of the 2011 census , New Largo had 19 households .
See also
List of populated places in South Africa
References
Populated places in the Emalahleni Local Municipality , Mpumalanga
Plagiolirion is a genus of Colombian plants in the Amaryllis family . It contains only one known species , Plagiolirion horsmannii , rare in the wild and for several years thought extinct until rediscovered in the Río Cauca Valley in 1989 . It has showy , white flowers .
References
Monotypic Amaryllidaceae genera
Endemic flora of Colombia
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Village at Pigeon Lake is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the County of Wetaskiwin No . 10 . It is located north of Highway 13 , approximately west of Wetaskiwin .
The hamlet is home to an eponymous resort and commercial development that consists of a grocery store , two clothing stores , a gift shop , several restaurants , an inn , spa , liquor store , and other tourist amenities .
Demographics
Village at Pigeon Lake recorded a population of 77 in the 2006 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of Wetaskiwin No . 10
The 1946–47 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 36th since its establishment .
Overview
Sing Tao won the title .
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
RV2 may refer to :
Mandala 2 , the second mandala of the Rigveda
Toyota RV-2 , a concept car
Red Victor 2 , a heavily modified Vauxhall Victor
RV2 , an announced overhaul of the Roma Victor client
RV2- Ryan Villopoto , number 2 in motocross & super cross
Lybius is a genus of African barbets from the family Lybiidae ( formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae ) . This genus ranges across sub-Saharan Africa .
Description
The Lybius species are usually about long , plump-looking , with large heads , and their heavy bill is fringed with bristles . Almost all species in this genus are characterized by their red feathers on the head or around the eyes , but there is a great variety of morphology in this genus . There are barbets like the white-headed barbet that have no red on the head at all , and species like the double-toothed barbet with all red feathers on the ventral side of the body and head , but with only black on the dorsal side . Pretty much all species in this genus have striking plumage , consisting of red , black , yellow or white colors . These are also mainly solitary birds that eat fruit , insects and small vertebrates like lizards .
Taxonomy
The genus Lybius belongs to the order Piciformes , which contains 8 families , including the woodpecker family . A couple of decades ago , all barbets were thought to be of one family , but studies of mitochondrial DNA and DNA hybridization in the early 1990s have led to barbets being split into three families : Asian barbets ( Megalaimidae ) , African barbets ( Lybiidae ) , and American barbets ( Capitonidae ) . The family Lybiidae has a total of 42 species that occur throughout the continent of Africa from the tip of the Cape Peninsula to the fringes of the Sahara desert . Out of the 42 species in this family , Lybius contains 12 barbet species . These are the most frequently encountered group of African barbets .
Extant species
It contains the following species :
Bird calls
Most of the Lybius species use duetting as a way to mark one 's territory and to find a mate . Mates must have coordinating duets in order to be a proper match for each other , which means lone singers are very uncommon in the duetting barbet species . Duet songs are species-specific , and only paired duetting barbets can hold a territory , which is why lone singers are rarely seen . There are four known duetting species in this genus : Lybius vieilloti , L. leucocephalus , L. rubrifacies , and L. torquatus . The duetting of L. chaplini and L. undatus is unknown . The behavioral significance of duetting probably involves sex recognition and the maintenance of a pair bond .
Generally , the barbets in the duet will bow ceremoniously to each other while singing . In addition to bowing , certain African barbet species , like Lybius vieilloti and Lybius torquatus , will incorporate a snarl into their duet . The snarl might actually be how the duets are initiated in this species . When duetting , each bird will pick up the song from where the other bird left off . The time interval between when one bird ends the duet and when the other bird begins the song again is called the `` auditory response time '' . Basically , the auditory response time is the minimum time required for the barbet to hear the notes and respond to them .
References
External links
Bird genera
Barbets
ca : Líbid
sw : Zuwakulu
ru : Африканские бородатки
The black-and-gold cotinga ( Lipaugus ater ) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae . It is endemic to humid Atlantic Forest in the highlands of the Serra do Mar in south-eastern Brazil . It is threatened by habitat loss , but remains common within several national parks , e.g . Serra dos Órgãos and Itatiaia . Males are highly vocal , and their loud , piercing whistle is frequently heard . It is strongly sexually dimorphic . Except for a bright yellow wing-speculum , males are superficially similar to the male common blackbird , while the far less conspicuous females are overall olive . The female resemble both sexes of the only other member of the genus , the grey-winged cotinga , but is larger , has a thicker bill , and yellowish-olive ( not grey ) remiges .
This species was formerly placed in the genus Tijuca . A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found the Tijuca was embedded within the genus Lipaugus . Based on this result Tijuca was subsumed into Lipaugus .
References
Further reading
Snow , D.W. & Goodwin , D. ( 1974 ) . `` The Black-and-gold Cotinga . '' The Auk 91 ( 2 )
External links
Black-and-gold cotinga on the Internet Bird Collection
Photo ; Article tropicalbirding
Black-and-gold cotinga photo gallery VIREO
Lipaugus
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1829
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tojo Una-Una Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi , Indonesia . The administrative centre is at Ampana town , on the Sulawesi 'mainland ' . While the Regency includes a considerable area on the eastern peninsula of Sulawesi , it also includes the Togian Islands in the Gulf of Tomini . The total area covers 5,721.51 km2 and the population was 134,945 at the 2010 Census and 163,829 at the 2020 Census ; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 166,339 .
History
In 1999 , Tojo Una-Una Regency was created out of the eastern portion of Poso Regency .
Administration
At the time of the 2010 Census , the Tojo Una-Una Regency was divided into nine districts ( kecamatan ) . Subsequent to 2010 , three additional districts have been created - Batudaka , Ratolindo and Talatako . These are tabulated below with their areas and their 2010 and 2020 Census populations , together with the official estimate as at mid 2021 . The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres , the number of villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its post code .
Notes : ( a ) The 2010 Census population of Ratolindo district is included in the figure for Ampana Kota district , from which it was cut out . ( b ) The 2010 Census population of Batudaka district is included in the figure for Una-Una district , from which it was cut out . ( c ) The 2010 Census population of Talatako district is included in the figure for Walea Kepulauan district , from which it was cut out .
Dive sites
The best place to do diving is Una Una volcano island .
Based on Badan Koordinasi Survei dan Pemetaan Nasional ( Bakosurtanal ) or Coordinating Agency for Surveys and Mapping , there are 33 dive sites disperses from north to south beaches of the Togian Islands with fringing reefs , barrier reefs , patch reefs and atolls . The area has the third most biodiversity in the world and is a series of Bunaken National Marine Park and Raja Ampat Islands .
References
External links
Official website of Tojo Una-Una Regency
Regencies of Central Sulawesi
HP University Business School , Shimla ( HPUBS ) is the oldest premier Business School of Himachal Pradesh . Established in 1971 , it is situated in the Himachal Pradesh University campus at Summerhill , Shimla .
It functions under the Executive Council of the Himachal Pradesh University since 1971 in the university campus . The institute admits students from all over the country to MBA through HPU-MAT ( HP University Management Aptitude Test ) held every year in the month of May . The academic program of UBS is affiliated to HP University Shimla . Passouts from HPUBS have excelled in the business world as professional managers and entrepreneurs . In keeping with the global environment of business , they have re-engineered the management development process in the School . Large number of foreign students from South Asian , Middle East and African countries have been trained in the University Department . The School is trying to reach out to the over-seas students community , especially the wards of Non-Resident Indians ( NRIs ) .
Admissions
The admission is based on competitive examination which comprises applications ratings , management aptitude test ( objective type having multiple choice questions ) , group discussion and personal interview . Management aptitude test ( HPU-MAT ) is of objective type having multiple choice questions .
The HPU-MAT contains four sections of English comprehension , reasoning , business environment and arithmetic comprehension and data interpretation . Each section has about fifty questions . The performance in HP-CMAT is the basis for screening the candidates for group discussion and personal interview . Normally , three candidates for each seat are called for group discussion and personal interview .
The performance in the test , group discussion and personal interview and application rating will be the criteria for admitting the students . The candidates for non-subsidised students compete among themselves , so is the case with the subsidized seats . Himachal Pradesh University admits excellent minds of the country to M.B.A and Ph.D. programmes . The admission criteria are designed in such a way so as to get the best possible profile of students .
Ranking
Himachal Pradesh University Business School stands to be the No . 1 B-School of Himachal Pradesh . Having been established 45 years ago , it is one of the first institutes to start M.B.A program in the early 70 's in the country . It has been highly ranked and is treated as a premier institute by many organizations and ranking bodies throughout the country . It has been ranked by many newspapers and magazines as one of the most prominent centre of business studies in the country . It has been recently awarded to be the `` Outstanding B-School ( North India ) '' by National Educational Awards- an ABP News initiative . HPUBS has also been awarded the Most Promising B-School of North India in an award ceremony by Mr. Upender Singh Kushwaha , Minister of State , MHRD , Govt . of India .
Facilities
Internet facility
HPUBS is a fully Wi-Fi enabled campus . The university has been provided by University Grants Commission a leased line of 500 Mbit/s ( 1:1 ) dedicated bandwidth as a part of UGC infonet for Higher Education . UBS is a part of the Campus Wide Optical Fibre Network on which Internet facility is available on 22×6 basis .
Campus
The university campus occupies an area of 200 acres and has been designed to possess a distinctive architectural style . The campus has a cafeteria , a health centre , recreational facilities , 14×6 Wi-Fi connectivity , a post-box and banking facilities with 24-hour ATM service .
Library
The institute over the past 42 years has created a dedicated departmental library exclusively for the usage of students and faculty . It has acquired a collection of books related to management , business , finance , marketing , accounting , operations , human resources and allied areas .
HPUBS Students Association
Introduction
The UBS Students Association ( formerly IMSSA ) was formally registered in the year 2002 with the Registrar of Societies , Govt . of HP . UBSSA is a forerunner association that looks after the organisation of various events , activities , functions etc . at HPUBS Shimla . HPUBS , being a government run educational institution , can not formally collect funds for the purpose of placement activities as there is no special clause for the establishment of Placement Cell in HPU Ordinances .
UBSSA is a student association with the prime objective of funding the placement & other activities that take place in the department round the year .
Elections
The Office Bearers of Executive Committee of UBSSA are duly elected through an election in which only registered members have the exclusive right to vote .
Executive committee
The executive committee consists of 15 office bearers duly elected by registered members of HPUBSSA .
Activity Clubs
Following Activity Clubs are functional in HPUBS :
MARKETING CLUB
FINANCE CLUB
HR CLUB
OPERATIONS CLUB
ENTREPRENEURSHIP CELL
DEBATES & DISCUSSIONS CLUB
SOCIAL NETWORKS CLUB
INDUSTRY INTERACTION CELL
ALUMNI MEET PROGRAM
NEWSLETTER BOARD
Placements
A full-time Placement Cell under a leadership of a faculty member has been created to liaison among the students and prospective employers and to keep a watchful eye on the emerging trends and future needs of the industry . HPUBS Placement Cell functions within the organization .
See also
Himachal Pradesh University
References
Universities in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh University
Education in Shimla
Ataxia nivisparsa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1885 . It is known from Costa Rica , Panama and Honduras .
References
Ataxia ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1885
A pseudo-documentary or fake documentary is a film or video production that takes the form or style of a documentary film but does not portray real events . Rather , scripted and fictional elements are used to tell the story . The pseudo-documentary , unlike the related mockumentary , is not always intended as satire or humor . It may use documentary camera techniques but with fabricated sets , actors , or situations , and it may use digital effects to alter the filmed scene or even create a wholly synthetic scene .
Film
Orson Welles gained notoriety with his radio show and hoax War of the Worlds which fooled listeners into thinking the Earth was being invaded by Martians . Film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum says this is Welles ' first pseudo-documentary . Pseudo-documentary elements were subsequently used in his feature films . For instance , Welles created a pseudo-documentary newsreel which appeared within his 1941 film Citizen Kane , and he began his 1955 film , Mr. Arkadin , with a pseudo-documentary prologue .
Peter Watkins has made several films in the pseudo-documentary style . The War Game ( 1965 ) , which reported on a fake nuclear bombing of England , was seen as so disturbingly realistic that the BBC chose not to broadcast it . The film won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature . Watkins ' other such films include Punishment Park ( 1971 ) and La Commune ( 2002 ) .
The film Mad Max 2 first frames the story by showing a staged documentary-style sequence of images designed to inform the viewer that what follows are the aftermath of an apocalyptic global war .
Fake-fiction
Related to , and in exact opposition to pseudo-documentary , is the notion of “ fake-fiction ” . A fake-fiction film takes the form of a staged , fictional movie , while actually portraying real , unscripted events .
The notion of fake-fiction was coined by Pierre Bismuth to describe his 2016 film Where Is Rocky II ? , which uses documentary method to tell a real , unscripted story , but is shot and edited to appear like a fiction film . The effect of this fictional aesthetic is precisely to cancel the sense of reality , making the real events appear as if they were staged or constructed .
Unlike mockumentary , fake-fiction does not focus on satire , and in distinction with docufiction , it does not re-stage fictional versions of real past events .
Another filmmaker whose work could be associated with the concept of fake-fiction is Gianfranco Rosi . For example , Below Sea Level uses the language of fiction cinema in its rendering of unscripted , documentary material . Of his own work , Rosi said , `` I do n't care if I 'm making a fiction film or documentary — to me it 's a film , it 's a narrative thing . ''
Found or discovered footage
The term found footage has sometimes been used to describe pseudo-documentaries where the plot involves the discovery of the film 's footage . Found footage is originally the name of an entirely different genre , but the magazine Variety , for example , used the term `` faux found-footage film '' to describe the 2012 film Grave Encounters 2 . The film scholar David Bordwell has criticized this recent use because of the confusion it creates , and instead prefers the term `` discovered footage '' for the narrative gimmick .
Television
Pseudo-documentary forms have appeared in television advertisements and campaign advertising . The `` Revolving Door '' ad used in the US presidential campaign of 1988 to attack candidate Michael Dukakis showed scripted scenes intended to look like documentary footage of men entering and exiting a prison through a revolving door . Boston-based band the Del Fuegos appeared in a 1984 commercial for Miller beer , with scripted scenes shot in hand-held camera/pseudo-documentary style . The band was criticized for selling out and for the falseness of the commercial ; founding member Warren Zanes said making the ad was a mistake , that their core audience turned away , and the larger audience gained by the exposure did not maintain interest for long .
Peter Greenaway employed pseudo-documentary style in his French television production Death on the Seine in 1988 . He used fabricated scenes to reconstruct a historic event that was otherwise impossible to shoot , and portrayed it as reality .
Reality television has been described as a form of pseudo-documentary . An early and influential example is 1992 's The Real World by MTV , a scripted `` reality '' show bordering on soap opera .
See also
Docudrama – a dramatized documentary
Docufiction – a documentary of fiction
Mockumentary – a parodical or humorous fictional documentary
References
Documentaries
Documentary film genres
Fiction forms
Film genres
The North Devon Show is an annual agricultural show in Devon , England , organised by the North Devon Agricultural Society ( established 1966 , registered charity 1071618 ) . It is currently held at Umberleigh Barton Farm at Umberleigh in 2012 . The show includes animal and vehicle exhibitions , displays of local produce , agricultural trade stands and a fairground , among other attractions .
The first North Devon Show was held in 1966 , formed from an amalgamation of shows held in Great Torrington and Instow . In 2016 , it attracted an estimated 20,000 visitors and is the biggest event in the local area . The 2016 show was held at a cost of almost £300,000 .
There was only one show casualty : in 2020 when officials cited the COVID-19 pandemic as grounds for cancellation .
References
External links
http : //www.basc.org.uk/en/in-your-area/south-west/south-west-diary.cfm/eid/D1FA4B27-FFE0-4A7F-829CED265D4610CA
Events in Devon
Agricultural shows in England
The local structure is a term in nuclear spectroscopy that refers to the structure of the nearest neighbours around an atom in crystals and molecules . E.g . in crystals the atoms order in a regular fashion on wide ranges to form even gigantic highly ordered crystals ( Naica Mine ) . However , in reality , crystals are never perfect and have impurities or defects , which means that a foreign atom resides on a lattice site or in between lattice sites ( interstitials ) . These small defects and impurities can not be seen by methods such as X-ray diffraction or neutron diffraction , because these methods average in their nature of measurement over a large number of atoms and thus are insensitive to effects in local structure . Methods in nuclear spectroscopy use specific nuclei as probe . The nucleus of an atom is about 10,000 to 150,000 times smaller than the atom itself . It experiences the electric fields created by the atom 's electrons that surround the nucleus . In addition , the electric fields created by neighbouring atoms also influence the fields that the nucleus experiences . The interactions between the nucleus and these fields are called hyperfine interactions that influence the nucleus ' properties . The nucleus therefore becomes very sensitive to small changes in its hyperfine structure , which can be measured by methods of nuclear spectroscopy , such as e.g . nuclear magnetic resonance , Mössbauer spectroscopy , and perturbed angular correlation .
With the same methods , the local magnetic fields in a crystal structure can also be probed and provide a magnetic local structure . This is of great importance for the understanding of defects in magnetic materials , which have wide range of applications such as modern magnetic materials or the giant magnetoresistance effect , that is used in materials in the reader heads of harddrives .
Research of the local structure of materials has become an important tool for the understanding of properties especially in functional materials , such as used in electronics , chips , batteries , semiconductors , or solar cells . Many of those materials are defect materials and their specific properties are controlled by defects .
References
Electrostatics
Atomic physics
Quantum chemistry
Electric and magnetic fields in matter
The plain-breasted earthcreeper ( Upucerthia validirostris jelskii ) is a bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , and Peru . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland . It has been lumped together with the buff-breasted earthcreeper based on song , continuous song , duet , and call .
References
Areta , J.I . & M. Pearman . 2013 . Species limits and clinal variation in a widespread high Andean Furnariid : the Buff-breasted Earthcreeper ( Upucerthia validirostris ) . Condor 115:131-143 .
Upucerthia
Birds described in 1874
Birds of the Altiplano
Birds of Peru
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
ETIM ( from German : ElektroTechnisches InformationsModell ) is an open standard for the unambiguous grouping and specification of products in the technical sector through a uniform classification system .
It is an initiative started to standardize the electronic exchange of product data for technical products , to enable the electronic trading of these products . Over time the scope has widened , now also including product information requirements for building information modeling ( BIM ) .
ETIM classification
This classification uses : product classes , features , values and synonyms ( keywords ) that make it easy to find the right product . Within the product class , comparable or `` alike '' products are classified together .
The product classification itself is no “ final product ” but offers a structure for an electronic product database and applications such as an online web shop , search engine or configuration software . ETIM classification is multilingual , media neutral and supplier neutral .
This standardization allows suppliers of technical products to be found on the basis of class name ( including synonyms ) or by technical features .
ETIM organisation
The association ETIM International is the supporting and governing body in which ETIM members worldwide are united . The association has its official seat in Brussels , Belgium . ETIM is represented locally in over 20 countries across the globe by national ETIM Country Organisations .
Status 2020 , there are local ETIM organizations in Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , Germany , Hungary , Italy , Lithuania , the Netherlands , North America ( USA/Canada/Mexico ) , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Russia , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and UK .
Release Format
The content of the ETIM model is identical in all member countries , which means that any ETIM class in use in a country has exactly the same features with the same identifying code for all the countries . ETIM has developed a uniform international release format based on XML , a modern and flexible carrier for the ETIM model . The ETIM IXF format is multilingual , so it can contain multiple language versions of the ETIM model in one file . For the complete and detailed format description we refer to the separate document on ETIM IXF . .
Exchange Format Product Data
The ETIM data model is completely uniform , differing only in the language .
The exchange format for classified product data , not to be confused with the release format for the data model , however is set and defined by each local ETIM organization individually . ETIM International recommends the BMEcat® standard , which is the most common exchange format within the ETIM countries . However , in some countries specific national formats are still in use and accepted as sector standard , sometimes in addition to BMEcat® .
ETIM versions
The `` ETIM Clearing Center - Specification Product Data Exchange Format Version 1.02 '' uses BMEcat 1.01 as the basis .
ETIM BMEcat 1.2 contains the ETIM-2.0 specification and is adapted to BMEcat 1.2 .
ETIM version 3.0 , 30 May 2005 , in German and English .
ETIM version 4.0 , 15 January 2008 , in German , English and Dutch .
On 27 March 2008 , a corrected version was published . The changes apply only to some units .
ETIM version 5.0 , May 2011 .
ETIM version 6.0 , 29 April 2014
ETIM version 7.0 , 4 September 2017
ETIM version 8.0 , 3 November 2020
References
External links
ETIM International
Trade and industrial classification systems
Electronics industry
San Filippo Neri is a baroque-style , Roman Catholic church located in the town of Spoleto , in the province of Perugia , region of Umbria , Italy .
History
The church was begun in 1640 , using designs by Loreto Scelli , and consecrated only in 1724 . The stone façade has varied tympani over the doors and windows , and the verticality is accentuated by corinthian pilasters . The interior has paintings by Gaetano Lapis , Sebastiano Conca , Pietro Labruzzi and Francesco Refini .
References
Churches in Spoleto
Baroque architecture in Umbria
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1724
1724 establishments in Italy
Tabory ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 33 as of 2002 .
Geography
Tabory is located 29 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kashinskoye is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Jasmin Staiblin ( born 1 March 1970 , Endingen am Kaiserstuhl , Germany ) is a German manager . She was the CEO of the Swiss energy group Alpiq 2013-2018 .
Origin and career
Staiblin , daughter of Gerdi Stabilin , grew up on a winery in Königschaffhausen am Kaiserstuhl . Her father Helmut Staiblin was cellarmaster of the local winegrowers ' cooperative in Königschaffhausen .
During her childhood she saw her parents taking part in the resistance against the construction of the nuclear power plant in the neighboring village of Wyhl in 1975 . She studied electrical engineering and physics at the Technical University in Karlsruhe and the Royal Technical College in Stockholm . Her diploma thesis completed at KTH was awarded the `` European University Award '' . From 1997 , she worked as a research assistant at the ABB Research Center Dättwil and in 1999 , became Sales Manager at ABB Hochspannungstechnik in Oerlikon . After taking over the portfolio management and business development for the medium-voltage products division of the ABB Group in Zürich in 2000 , she became a member of the management of the global ABB electrical engineering division in 2004 , and in 2006 , she became the country 's chief executive of ABB Switzerland in Baden AG .
In 2012 , the Board of Directors of Alpiq Holding AG appointed her as CEO of Alpiq effective as of 1 January 2013 . She resigned at the end of 2018 .
In 2009 , Staiblin , as CEO of ABB , took 16 weeks of maternity leave , causing controversy in Switzerland . In addition to the tabloid Blick , the editor of Die Weltwoche , Roger Köppel , complained , that no man in a comparable position could afford to leave his job for personal reasons . Shortly after she joined Alpiq as CEO , it became known that Staiblin was expecting her second child .
Controversy
In 2009 , Staiblin took 16 weeks maternity leave as CEO of SBB , causing a stir in some Swiss circles . In addition to the tabloid Blick , the publisher of the Weltwoche , Roger Köppel , among others , complained that no man in a comparable position could afford to leave his job for personal reasons . Shortly after taking up her position as CEO at Alpiq , it became known that Staiblin was expecting her second child .
Memberships
2007 : Member of the board of directors of Neue Aargauer Bank
2007 : Vice president of Energie Trialog Schweiz
2008 : Member of the executive committee of Swissmem
2008 : Board member of Economiesuisse
2011 : Member of the board of directors of Georg Fischer ( Swiss company )
2012 : Member of the board of directors of Rolls-Royce Holdings
2012 : Board member of ETH Zurich
2012 : Director of ETH Board
2015 : Independent Non-Executive Director of Rolls-Royce Holdings
2019 : Independent Non-Executive Director of NXP Semiconductors N.V .
2019 : Director of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd .
2020 : Board member of Zap Energy
Awards / Nominations
SwissAward 2007 , Category Economy . ( Nomination )
Young Global Leader 2008 , World Economic Forum
Literature
Jasmin Staiblin , in the Munzinger-Archiv
External links
Jasmin Staiblin at the Zurich Insurance Group , ( PDF )
References
Business executives
Swiss physicists
Swiss electronics engineers
KTH Royal Institute of Technology alumni
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology alumni
1970 births
Living people
20th-century Swiss engineers
21st-century Swiss engineers
Swiss women engineers
20th-century women engineers
21st-century women engineers
Cuanman ( ) was originally an ethnic group in northern Yunnan , China . They came into power after assisting Zhuge Liang 's Southern Campaign and dominated Yunnan during the Northern and Southern dynasties period . They were defeated by the Sui dynasty in 602 and split into the Baiman and Wuman , allegedly the descendants of modern day Bai people and Yi people .
History
According to the tomb tablet of Cuan Longyan , they were descended from a famous official in Shanxi , however it was common at the time to create fictitious lineages linking indigenous elites back to China , and it 's also highly likely that the Cuans were originally native to Yunnan . In 549 , a native from Ningzhou rose to power . The Northern Zhou dynasty granted him the title of prefectural governor ( 刺史 ) of Southern Ningzhou ( 南寧州 ) . In contemporary Chinese historical records , the polity was called `` Xicuan guo '' ( Western Cuan State ) . The Cuan sent tribute to Northern Zhou and the Sui dynasty . However Cuan power was broken in 597 and 602 when the Sui invaded . Cuan surrendered to the Sui and was executed but the Sui did not set up direct rule over the region . After Cuan Zan died , the Cuan were split between two rulers , Cuan Wan and Cuan Zhen . The son of Cuan Wan was later sent home by Emperor Taizong of Tang and made the prefect of Kunzhou ( Kunzhou ) The Cuan were divided in half between the east , known as the Wuman/Black Mywa ( 烏蠻 ) , and the west , known as the Baiman/White Mywa ( 白蠻 ) . In 737 , Piluoge of the Wuman tribe , Mengshe , united the Wuman tribes and founded Nanzhao ( 南詔 ) .
In 618 , the Tang dynasty assigned Duan Lun as Commander-in-Chief ( zongguan ) to Yizhou ( Chengdu ) . Cuan Hongda , Wan 's son , was assigned to Kunzhou as prefect . Duan sent his subordinate , Yu Dashi , into Hongda 's territory to persuade local tribes to give their allegiance to the Tang . Western Cuan was the first to pledge allegiance . In 621 , a Tang official , Ji Hongwei , arrived in Nanning ( Qujing ) and won over more tribes . Some 30 jimi prefectures were created . However exorbitant taxation of the local population caused them to rebel . Duan sentenced them all to death . He was removed from power and transferred back to the capital . After Hongda died , the local chieftains requested the prefectures return to hereditary rule .
Rulers
Cuan Xi 231
Cuan Gu 265
Cuan Liang 327-330
Cuan Chen 330-340
Cuan Wei 345
Cuan Baozi 405
Cuan Longyan 445
Cuan Yun 514
Cuan Zan 548
Baiman ( White Mywa )
Cuan Wan
Cuan Hongda
Cuan Guiwang
Acha ( Guiwang 's wife as regent )
Cuan Shouyu
Wuman ( Black Mywa )
Cuan Zhen
Cuan Qianfu
Cuan Sishao
Cuan Rijin
Cuan Chongdao
Cuan Fuchao
References
Bibliography
Tang dynasty people
History of China
is a Japanese light novel series about a group of anthropomorphic soda cans who do battle . It was created by Riku Ranjō , with illustrations by Hiro Suzuhira , known for her artistry in Shuffle ! . The first novel was released on May 24 , 2007 , and as of April 24 , 2009 , eight volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko label . A manga adaptation began serialization in Ultra Jump on October 18 , 2008 , an anime adaptation began airing on January 3 , 2009 . On December 22 , 2008 , an early release of the first episode was streamed on the internet through Bandai Channel . On the day the final episode aired on March 28 , 2009 , an Akikan ! OVA followed on October 23 , 2009 . At Anime Weekend Atlanta 2011 , Sentai Filmworks announced that they have licensed both TV series and OVA and was released in 2012 .
Story
Akikan ( `` Empty Can '' ) is the unlikely story of high school boy Kakeru Daichi , whose can of melon soda magically transforms into a human girl . More `` akikan '' girls begin appearing , each of them needing to be infused with carbon dioxide from their respective drink types to survive . The akikans were created as part of the 'Akikan Elect ' to determine whether steel cans or aluminium cans are superior . The akikans must battle each other until only the strongest type is left standing .
Characters
Owners
Kakeru is a sixteen-year-old male virgin studying at Kyuugetsu Academy , and loves to crack lewd jokes . He loves juice and has made a hobby of collecting juice cans . One day , he bought a melon soda that transformed into a girl , which was an Akikan . He was later invited by Hidehiko Otoya to join the `` Akikan Elect '' and `` Intelligence Port Project '' but being a person who hated fights , he rejected the invitation ( although he was later forced to participate ) . Later , he made his mind to crush the projects together with his comrades . A certain incident during his sophomore/junior high school days made him afraid of hurting somebody . Later on , he will also be the owner of Shiruko , who is another Akikan .
Najimi is Kakeru 's childhood-friend and classmate , whose charm point is her `` antenna '' hair which changes form according to her mood . She 's an heiress to the Tenkuuji group of companies and she holds a romantic feeling toward Kakeru . She 's gentle and easy-going , but her weird sense of imagination tends to warp her into her own world . She became Yell 's owner as she bought a sports drink at the night of Yurika Kochikaze 's birthday party . She has the history of being saved by Kakeru from being kidnapped . She also gets drunk off from carbonated drinks and will attempt to strip when under the influence .
Misaki is a junior high sophomore student who owns Budoko . She was a timid girl who hid inside her shell and did n't have friends . She was afraid of making friends , thinking that someday she and her friends might hate each other , just like her parents . Her hobby is drawing and she often refers people to Otaku terminologies .
Akikans
A steel Akikan who came from a melon soda , owned by Kakeru . She 's competitive and strong-willed , which was the reason why she was always having a fight with Kakeru . Although she likes her owner , she can not express her feelings well and ends up telling the opposite of what she wants to say . She likes watching baseball matches , even on midnight telecasts , though she has stated she has no clue about how the game is played . She basically hates Aluminum Akikans and is always having small quarrels with Yell . She mostly uses carbon dioxide-based cool drink sorcery in battle .
An Aluminum Akikan who came from a sports drink , owned by Najimi . She 's usually cool and composed but she becomes furious when someone tries to insult her owner , going as far as to attempt to kill Kakeru when he ( unknowingly ) upset Najimi . She 's got sharp vision which was the cause for her being sensitive to moving objects , causing her the urge to play with it . In this aspect and several others , she is very cat-like . Her tail-like hair that twitches when she sees moving objects accentuates this fact . She also loves animals and she has a pet turtle called `` Kame '' . She uses the `` isotonic sword '' as her cool drink sorcery , which can cut through anything made of organic matter .
An Aluminum Akikan who came from a grape juice . She 's small but strong-willed and talks in a funny way . She was killed once by Melon as a result of the `` Akikan Elect '' battle but was revived later than RG : A ( this does not happen in the anime as Kakeru made Melon miss ) . She loves to watch the stars together with her owner , Misaki Miyashita .
A steel Akikan who came from a sweet red bean soup . She has the appearance of a 5th-grade school student . She is very shy is easily scared by loud noises , but she is a kind-hearted girl who worries for everyone . Unlike Melon and Yell , she dislikes being cold and prefers warm temperatures . She loves taking hot baths and she likes to eat red bean rice cakes . She wears mouse-style pajamas when she sleeps . She does not make an appearance in the anime .
An Aluminum Akikan who came from a can of vegetable juice owned by Toudou . At first , she seemed to be a selfish Akikan who did not care for her owner but later it was discovered that she was a caring Akikan who always thinks about what is best for her owner . She talks tomboyishly . Her cool drink spells are the vegetable-summoning `` Gevetarians '' and the knuckle bombing `` Mixed Vegetable '' .
A mixed juice Steel Akikan who appears in the anime . Her can was girlished by a cat ( the same cat that is usually found on the roof of Daichi and Melon 's house ) who ran off right away . This caused her to have a hatred of Akikans , both Aluminum and Steel , with owners , and she began absorbing their powers and calling herself 'The Strongest Akikan ' . Her main cool drink sorcery is Rainbow Splash Mixer , and she also has the ability to make clones of the Akikans she had captured called Zeros . Since she was never given a name , Kakeru gives her the name 'Miku ' , a name she likes but does n't admit to it . Daichi offered the idea to be her Owner , something she considered until Otoya showed her a picture of her true Owner and ran off to find it . At the end of the series , she is friends with the main cast and still chasing her Owner .
Others
Kakeru and Najimi 's classmate who claims to be Najimi 's lover . She 's always having fights with Kakeru and Yell as her rival for Najimi . She 's also a self-proclaimed witch and she often uses cards to throw at Kakeru ( which , from the back , look like tarot cards but are normal poker cards ) . In some instances , she shows mysterious powers . Her birthday is on Halloween , which could be the reason she believes she is a witch . Her nickname is Yuriri .
Kakeru 's classmate and friend . He was nicknamed Gigolo by Kakeru , but he is far from being a ladies ' man . He is often forgotten by his friends due to his lack of Existence . He also has a crush on Yurika Kochikaze but always ends up not being able to tell her or being ignored . But , he is a reliable person at times of need , always ready to help his friend . He lives together with his three sisters , all sharing the same bunk bed .
A government official designated to Department of Economy . He is the founder of the `` Akikan Elect '' and `` Intelligence Port project '' , though it 's unclear why . Otoya is gay and quite lascivious ; he is particularly attracted to so-called `` pretty boys '' , and he 'll even resort to pretending to be the school doctor in order to be close to them . He especially makes continual sexual advances toward Kakeru , which are always rejected in the anime . In the OVA , however , he raped Kakeru twice .
Otoya 's secretary . Her strictness belies her timid nature , and she hates it when Otoya calls her by her given name . She later becomes the homeroom teacher to keep an eye on the Owners and Akikans . She 's also one of the few characters with no outlandish mannerisms or traits .
Media
Light novels
The original light novels written by Riku Ranjō and illustrated by Hiro Suzuhira began release on Shueisha 's Super Dash Bunko label from May 24 , 2007 , with ten volumes released as of October 19 , 2015
Manga
A manga adaptation illustrated by Momotaro Miyano began serialization in Shueisha 's Ultra Jump magazine from October 18 , 2008 , to April 18 , 2009 .
Anime
An anime television series adaptation by Brain 's Base aired in Japan between January 3 , 2009 , and March 28 , 2009 . A special episode ( episode 6.5 ) aired on February 15 , 2009 , instead of the usual one : this was a half-hour three-part live-action show with Akikan voice actors and musicians . An original video animation episode was released on October 23 , 2009 . The series and OVA have been licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks for release in 2012 .
The series uses three pieces of theme music : two openings , and one ending theme . The opening themes are by Charmy Queen for episodes 1-6 and `` Juicy Extacy '' by Little Non for episodes 7–12 . The ending theme is by Nomiko ( singer ) and TECHNOBOYS PULCRAFT GREEN-FUND ( music ) , which has different variations ( 14 overall ) in each episode ( including special and OVA ) with guest artists sometimes .
The first and second openings were released on single discs . The ending theme ( versions from the anime series and special episode ) was released on single disc too . The OVA version of the ending theme was released as part of the OST disc .
Notes
References
External links
Light novel official website
Official Anime Website
2007 Japanese novels
2008 manga
2009 anime OVAs
2009 anime television series debuts
Anime and manga based on light novels
Brain 's Base
Romantic comedy anime and manga
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Sentai Filmworks
Shueisha franchises
Shueisha manga
Super Dash Bunko
is a railway station in Fukuyama , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
The orange-bellied antwren ( Terenura sicki ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is endemic to Brazil .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
orange-bellied antwren
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
orange-bellied antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jean-Marc Loubier is chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Escada , an international luxury fashion group , since June 2007 . He succeeded Frank Rheinboldt . Jean-Marc Loubier worked at LVMH for 16 years , including 10 years as executive vice president of Louis Vuitton . From 2000-2006 he was CEO of Celine , a Paris-based clothing maker , owned by LVMH .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
French chief executives
A triazolate is a salt derived from a triazole by replacement of a proton with a cation . Different isomers exist 1,2,4-triazolate or 1,2,3-triazolate , both of which are unsaturated heterocyclic ring compounds containing three nitrogen atoms . The basic formula is C2N3H2− . It can be abbreviated by `` tz '' .
Known compounds include zinc , and natural copper minerals , chanabayaite and triazolite .
Trizolate is a tridentate ligand , and can form complexes with metals via the three nitrogen atoms . This enables polymers or metal organic framework compounds to be formed . Triazolate can also be substituted on its carbon atoms .
References
Heterocyclic compounds with 1 ring
Nitrogen compounds
Kotelny Island ( ; ) is part of the Anzhu Islands subgroup of the New Siberian Islands located between the Laptev Sea and the East Siberian Sea in the Russian Arctic . It is administratively and municipally part of Bulunsky District .
Kotelny , Faddeyevsky and Bunge Land are usually named as separate islands on most 20th century maps , although sometimes on the newest maps the name `` Kotelny '' is applied to the whole island . A flat , low-lying , plain connecting both is known as Bunge Land ( ) .
The total area of Kotelny Island is 23,165 km2 . Kotelny is one of the 50 largest islands in the world . These merged islands are a practically uninhabited territory belonging to Yakutia of the Russian Federation .
History
The island was officially discovered by a Russian merchant and hunter , Ivan Lyakhov , with the merchant Protod'yakonov , in 1773 . In 1770 , Ivan Lyakhov noticed reindeer tracks heading seaward across the sea ice . In 1773 , he and Protod'yakonov discovered the Lyakhovsky Islands by boat using the bearing of these tracks . Continuing from the Lyakhovsky Islands , they discovered Kotelny Island and named it `` Kettle Island '' after a copper kettle , which they found while exploring it . The person ( s ) , who visited Kotelny Island and left the copper kettle , is unknown . Formerly this island had been known as `` Thaddeus Island '' or `` Thaddeus Islands '' on some maps .
Under the employment of Semen and Lev Syrovatskiy , Yakov Sannikov conducted numerous hunting and cartographic expeditions between 1800 and 1810 . On one of these expeditions in 1805 , he discovered Faddeyevsky Island . In 1809–1810 Yakov Sannikov and Matvei Gedenschtrom went to the New Siberian Islands on a cartographic expedition . Yakov Sannikov reported the sighting of a `` new land '' north of Kotelny in 1811 . This became the myth of Zemlya Sannikova or `` Sannikov Land '' .
In 1886 Baron Eduard Von Toll thought that he had seen an unknown land north of Kotelny . He guessed that this was the so-called `` Zemlya Sannikova '' .
Geography
The western part of Kotelny Island proper , also known as `` Kettle Island '' , is the largest section of the group , with an area of 11,665 km2 . It is rocky and hilly , rising to 374 m on Mt . Malakatyn-Tas . The Chukochya River flows westwards to the Laptev Sea . Cape Anisy is the northernmost headland of Kotelny and it is an important geographical point for it marks the NE limit of the Laptev Sea . Cape Medvezhiy is the southernmost headland of the island .
Bunge Land or Zemlya Bunge is a huge empty and almost barren intermediate zone . It is located between Kotelny and Faddeyevsky , which , unlike Bunge Land , could be described as proper islands . Sandy and flat , its area is 6,200 km2 . Since it rises only to a maximum height of 8 m above sea level , Bunge Land is flooded during storm surges , except for a very small area in the southeast that rises to an elevation of 11 to 21 m above sea level . The area that is periodically submerged accounts for over 80 % of the total surface and is practically devoid of vegetation . Bunge Land is named after Russian zoologist and explorer Alexander Alexandrovich Bunge .
Faddeyevsky Peninsula ( полуостров Фаддеевский ) is a large peninsula projecting from the northern end of Bunge Land eastwards with its isthmus in the north . There is a deep inlet on Faddeyevski between its western coast and adjoining Bunge Land . Unlike Kotelny this island is relatively flat despite its size , its highest point being only 65 m. Its area is 5,300 km2 . Faddeyevsky is covered with tundra vegetation and dotted with small lakes . This island was named after a fur trader called Faddeyev who built the first habitation there .
Adjacent islands
Deep inside the bay on the northern side of Kotelny lies Skrytyy Island ( Ostrov Skrytyy ) . It is 11 km long and 5.5 km wide .
Very close to Bunge Land 's northwestern coast there are two islands : Zheleznyakov Island ( Ostrov Zheleznyakova ) , right off the NW cape and , east of it , Matar Island ( Ostrov Matar ) . Both islands are about 5 km in length .
Nanosnyy Island is a small island located due north off the northern bay formed by Kotelny and Bunge . It is C-shaped and only 4 km in length , but its importance lies in the fact that it is the northernmost island of the New Siberian group .
Figurina Island ( Ostrov Figurina ) was located about 30 km east of Nanosnyy Island . When discovered in 1822 by P. Anzhu , while he was searching for `` Sannikov Land '' , its area was about 8 to 9 km2 . At that time , it had sea cliffs as high as 20 m ( 66 ft ) . Although marked on maps published in 1926 , 1941 , and 1945 , a Soviet hydrographic expedition conducted in the early 1940s found that Figurina Island no longer existed .
Geology
Kotelny Island consists of sedimentary rocks and sediments ranging in age from Early Paleozoic to Late Cenozoic . The oldest rocks are fossiliferous shallow- to deep-water marine , Ordovician to Early Devonian limestones and dolomites . Middle Devonian to Carboniferous interbedded limestones , dolomites , sandstones , and conglomerates overlie these sedimentary strata . The Permian to Jurassic strata exposed within Kotelny Island consist of interbedded , fossiliferous mudstones , siltstones , and sandstones . All of these sedimentary rocks are faulted , folded into complex anticlines and synclines , and intruded by thin diabase dikes . Pleistocene to Holocene fluvial sediments , which range in age from 1,500 to greater than 55,000 radiocarbon years BP , underlie stream terraces that lie within the Balyktakh and Dragotsennaya River valleys . Thick permafrost has developed in these sediments .
Within Bunge Land and the southwest corner of Kotelny Island , relatively unconsolidated sediments ranging in age from Early Cretaceous to Holocene overlie the above folded and faulted sedimentary rocks . The oldest of these sediments are Early Cretaceous alluvial clays , silts , and sands that contain layers of conglomerate , tuff , tuffaceous sandstone , coal , and , at top , rhyolite . The Late Cretaceous sediments are overlain by Late Eocene to Pliocene alluvial sands that contain layers of clay , silt , gravel , brown coal , and lignitized wood . The vast majority of Bunge Land is blanketed by Early Holocene marine sediments . Only in the central and southern parts of Bunge Land do either Late to Early Pleistocene marine sediments or very small patches of highly weathered Prequaternary deposits and bedrock underlie the surface .
The surface of Faddeyevsky Island is underlain by unconsolidated sediments ranging in age from Early Cretaceous to Pleistocene . Three very small and isolated exposures indicate that the Early Cretaceous strata are similar to those found in the southwest corner of Kotelny Island . Overlying the Early Cretaceous sediments are alluvial and lacustrine Eocene clays and silts that contains rare beds of sands , brown coal , and gravel . To the north these sediments grade laterally into nearshore marine clays with fossil pelecypods . The Eocene sediments are overlain by fossiliferous , terrestrial and marine Oligocene to Miocene sands that contain subordinate beds of mud , clay , gravel , and brown coal . The Oligocene-Miocene sands accumulated in alluvial , lacustrine , and nearshore marine environments . Overlying the Oligocene-Miocene sands are Pliocene alluvial , lacustrine , and nearshore marine , muds , silts , and sands .
Pleistocene deposits blanket most of the surface of Faddeyevsky Island . A layer of Late Pleistocene and Holocene alluvial and lacustrine deposits largely cover the central and southern parts of Faddeyevsky Island . Middle and Late Pleistocene deposits largely cover the northern part of this island . The permafrost is about 400 to 500 m thick . The central plain of Faddeyevsky Island has been highly altered by thermokarst processes . It contains numerous deep erosive cuts created by the seasonal melting of the permafrost . Numerous baydzharakhs , thermokarst mounds , dot the landscape ; they are the result of the melting of polygonal ice wedges within the permafrost .
Vegetation
Rush/grass , forb , cryptogam tundra covers all of Faddeyevsky Island and most of Kotelny Island . It is tundra consisting mostly of very low-growing grasses , rushes , forbs , mosses , lichens , and liverworts . These plants either mostly or completely cover the surface of the ground . The soils are typically moist , fine-grained , and often hummocky .
Prostrate dwarfshrub , herb tundra covers all of Bunge Land and the eastern part of Kotelny Island adjacent to it . This type of tundra consists of dry tundra with open to patchy ( 20–80 % cover ) vegetation . The dominant plants comprising prostrate dwarfshrub , herb tundra are shrubs , i.e . Dryas spp . and Salix arctica , less than 5 cm tall , graminoids , and forbs . Lichens are also common .
Climate
Kotelny Island has a harsh arctic climate , with temperatures only reaching above freezing briefly in the short summer months .
Strategic Importance
Between 1933 and 1993 , Kotelny Island hosted an important Soviet naval ( Northern Fleet ) base . With the fall of the Soviet Union , the base was evacuated and only a civilian arctic research station remained located on the island . In late 2013 , the first steps were taken to reactivate the base , with a temporary airstrip for flying in supplies and personnel established by a Russian naval task force that visited the New Siberian Islands during September 2013 . Other initial infrastructure and supplies for the base , along with associated personnel were landed by the task force , whose flagship was the Kirov class Battlecruiser Petr Velikiy .
In September 2014 , the 99th Tactic Arctic Group permanently established the base by beginning construction of a military air base , pier and accommodation for troops and their families . The airfield is now able to receive Ilyushin Il-76 aircraft all year long which significantly improves the bases ability to re-supply . The base is known as the Northern Shamrock .
In popular culture
Part of the action of Jules Verne 's novel César Cascabel ( 1890 ) , takes place on Kotelny Island . There the European protagonists encounter 350–400 members of a `` Finnish tribe '' who make their living by whaling and sealing .
See also
Baydzharakh
References
Further reading
Andreev , A.A. , and D.M . Peteet , 1999 , Climate and Diet of Mammoths in the East Siberian Arctic . Science Briefs ( August 1999 ) . Goddard Institute for Space Studies , New York City . Last visited July 12 , 2008 .
Anisimov , M.A. , and V.E . Tumskoy , 2002 , Environmental History of the Novosibirskie Islands for the last 12 ka . 32nd International Arctic Workshop , Program and Abstracts 2002 . Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research , University of Colorado at Boulder , pp 23–25 .
Kuznetsova , T.V. , L.D . Sulerzhitsky , Ch . Siegert , 2001 , New data on the `` Mammoth '' fauna of the Laptev Shelf Land ( East Siberian Arctic ) , 144 KB PDF file , The World of Elephants – International Congress , Rome 2001 . Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche , Centro di Studio per il Quaternario e l'Evoluzione Ambientale , Università di Roma , Roma , Italy .
Schirrmeister , L. , H.-W. Hubberten , V. Rachold , and V.G . Grosse , 2005 , Lost world – Late Quaternary environment of periglacial Arctic shelves and coastal lowlands in NE-Siberia . 2nd International Alfred Wegener Symposium Bremerhaven , October , 30 – November 2 , 2005 .
Timmons , Jeanne , Scientists Find Mammoth Seemingly Butchered by Humans on Arctic Island . Gizmodo vom 11 December 2020
External links
anonymous , nda , aerial photograph of Kotelny/Faddeyevsky Island .
anonymous , ndb , aerial photographs of New Siberian Islands .
Locations
New Siberian Islands
Anzhu Islands
Russian and Soviet Navy bases
Islands of the Sakha Republic
Ego Plum ( born February 27 , 1975 ) is an American film composer . He is best known for his work on SpongeBob SquarePants for several episodes , The Ghastly Love of Johnny X , Making Fiends and Harvey Beaks .
Early life
Plum 's earliest music influences trace back to the scores for Pee-Wee 's Playhouse created by Mark Mothersbaugh , Danny Elfman , and The Residents . His interest in The Residents was developed further , when two years later , at the age of 13 , Plum 's older brothers took him to a performance of `` Cube E '' , a three-act stage show by The Residents . Plum has frequently cites The Residents as his initial inspiration to become a performer . `` I became convinced that music could be weird , subversive and meaningful '' , he spoke of The Residents ' influence , `` I knew that one day I would be doing something similar '' . Plum immediately began composing music on his brothers ' instruments and recording home-made demos on Casio keyboards with 4-track recorders . Plum is proficient on multiple instruments and yet is entirely self-taught ; his biography on the Making Fiends website claims his only formal musical training was completing a tap dance class at East Los Angeles College .
Plum 's other musical influences include Carl Stallings arrangements of Raymond Scotts music for Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies . He has listed further influence from punk rock and new wave , in particular Devo , Oingo Boingo and the Dead Kennedys , as well as the work of film composers Franz Waxman and Bernard Herrmann .
Career
Early career
After making the rounds as a drummer in the Los Angeles punk scene , Plum 's first break came in 1996 when he contributed several songs to the soundtrack of Blood Slaves of the Vampire Wolf , a no-budget independent horror film directed by Ed Wood regular Conrad Brooks . The following year , Plum self-released his debut album Anthology of Infection , Vol . 1 , a compilation of instrumental pieces written and recorded between 1990 and 1997 , establishing a website promoting his music and offering his composing services to amateur filmmakers . A second compilation of newer instrumental material , Anthology of Infection , Vol . 2 , was released in January 2000 to positive reviews , with Razorcake calling it `` simply amazing '' and Style Weekly praising Plum as `` truly adept at songwriting '' .
Plum spent most of his twenties working in a cubicle at the University of California , Los Angeles , making music in his spare time as a hobby , with a wish to score cartoons . This want for scoring animation was one of the inspirations behind his first album , 'Anthology Of Infection Volume One ' In 1996 he composed the score for a film titled Blood Slaves of the Vampire Wolf , which his first credited role .
Ebola Music Orchestra
In 1998 , Plum began assembling the Ebola Music Orchestra , a ten-piece ensemble including a horn section , strings and accordions as the means of performing songs from Anthology of Infection in a concert setting , with Plum serving as the musical director as well as switching off between guitar , keyboards , xylophone and various unique instruments . The original incarnations of the Ebola Music Orchestra featured numerous performers with physical deformities . `` I am equally fascinated by people who are different but not because they are shocking or weird , but because they are beautiful '' , Plum explained , `` I love talented people who embrace the things that make them different from the rest of the world '' . At one point , the orchestra was to be featured on the 2000 NBC revival of the human interest series You Asked For It , but NBC executives quickly pulled the plug on the segment out of concern it would be too controversial for prime-time television ( Plum speculated that it was `` Gerome , the legless thalidomide-baby breakdancer '' which broke the deal ) . Over time the group became less conceptual and more of a rock-oriented ensemble of Plum 's `` most talented friends performing the imaginary cartoon soundtracks I had in my head '' . The Ebola Music Orchestra released their debut album The Rat King in 2007 . Critical response to the album was largely positive , including `` highly recommended '' praise from BlogCritics , which succinctly concluded their review with `` [ Ego Plum ] 's got skillz '' .
Television
Whilst still working at UCLA , Plum saw a screening of Amy Winfrey 's 2000 short film The Bad Plant . The film made a strong impression on Plum , who sought out Winfrey to give his Anthology of Infection CD from . A year or two later , Winfrey contacted Plum to tell him she was developing a show for Nickelodeon , Making Fiends . Making Fiends premiered on October 4 , 2008 . Ego composed original material for the show and in addition to worked with songs written by series creator Amy Winfrey . According to the show 's production blog , Plum took a unique approach to scoring Making Fiends , frequently using toy instruments which were sometimes deliberately left out of tune and incorporating unusual sounds such as dripping water and goat bleats to give the score `` an off-kilter , childlike quality '' . Although Making Fiends was cancelled after one season , the series spawned an enduring cult following and Plum continued a working relationship with Nickelodeon : in 2009 , he was asked to compose the theme song to Planet Sheen , a spin-off of the hit series The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron : Boy Genius . Plum was ultimately not selected to score the series , though has since posted his original demos online .
Plum continued his work in scoring animated television with the Disney Channel original series Star vs. the Forces of Evil , composing the ending credits theme with Daron Nefcy . In late 2014 , Plum announced that he had signed a contract to write songs and music for Harvey Beaks ( then titled Bad Seeds ) , a new Nickelodeon series from C.H . Greenblatt , the creator of Cartoon Networks Chowder . Upon signing onto the show , Plum successfully negotiated the use of a 40-piece orchestra to record the series ' music , making Harvey Beaks the first Nickelodeon show and one of the very few animated cable series to utilize a full orchestral score .
Stage
Plum made his debut composing for the stage in 2009 with The Gogol Project , an original adaptation of three short stories by Nikolai Gogol created by the Rogue Artists Ensemble . The Gogol Project opened at the Bootleg Theater in Westlake to critical acclaim , winning Plum a 2009/2010 Ovation Award for Music Composition for a Play . Plum subsequently scored A Noise Withins 2012 adaptation of Charles Dickens A Christmas Carol and partnered with the Rogues again writing original songs and music for their 2013 production of Pinocchio .
Collaborations
Over the course of his career , Ego Plum has collaborated with many independent and high-profile musicians and composers . One of his more prolific partnerships has been with David J , bassist for the gothic rock bands Bauhaus and Love and Rockets . In 2007 , J was hired to score independent filmmaker Ramzi Abeds Black Dahlia-inspired feature The Devil 's Muse when Abed introduced him to Plum 's demos after Plum expressed to Abed a desire to help work on the film . According to J , he was `` enormously impressed '' by Plum 's music : `` All lush film noir atmospherics , Rotaesque strings and what sounded like the fever dreams of Raymond Scott . I had a partner in crime ! '' . After working together on The Devil 's Muse , Plum subsequently co-composed and performed on several musical projects with J , including the 2006 re-release and re-recording of J 's album V for Vendetta and his 2011 stage play The Chanteuse and the Devil 's Muse and its soundtrack accompaniment .
Black Francis
In 2009 , Plum engineered and recorded drums and keyboards for the David J-produced Petits Fours , the debut album from Grand Duchy , a project fronted by Black Francis of the Pixies . In December of that year , Plum accompanied J for a five-song set with Black Francis as part of an all-star benefit show at the Echoplex in Los Angeles , performing guitar , banjo and ukulele on covers of John Lennons `` Jealous Guy '' , Daniel Johnstons `` Some Things Last a Long Time '' , the Pixies ' `` Monkey Gone to Heaven '' , `` In Heaven '' from Eraserhead and Mott the Hooples `` All the Young Dudes '' .
Gidget Gein & Steve Bartek
Plum befriended artist and Marilyn Manson co-founder Gidget Gein in the early 2000s , eventually composing original music for Gein 's 2004 `` Gollywood '' art and fashion shows for his Use Once and Destroy Couture fashion line . Following Gein 's death in 2008 , Plum digitally released these compositions as a soundtrack album , also featuring snippets of an in-studio jam between Plum and Gein .
Plum is a fervent admirer of the music and electronic innovation of composer Raymond Scott , and in 2012 , he worked with Oingo Boingo guitarist Steve Bartek in arranging a live tribute show held at the Walt Disney Concert Halls REDCAT entitled `` Machine Man : The Musical Mayhem of Raymond Scott , '' which was produced in cooperation with Jeff Winner of The Raymond Scott Archives . Bartek , himself a composer and orchestrator for film and television , had previously worked with Plum providing guitar and theremin for The Gogol Projects soundtrack release and currently produces Plum 's score for Harvey Beaks .
The Radioactive Chicken Heads
Plum has worked on several projects with the Orange County comedy punk band The Radioactive Chicken Heads , receiving credits on their albums Growing Mold and Music for Mutants for additional guitar tracks and songwriting . He also helped produce , arrange and record the debut album from the Chicken Heads garage pop side project the Purple Mums and in March 2015 , Plum wrote and directed a three-act absurdist stage play entitled The Radioactive Chicken Heads Tanksgiving Special which premiered at The Steve Allen Theater in Los Angeles , featuring the band performing live music to a comedic narrative featuring guest appearances from actor Dukey Flyswatter , Mike Odd of Rosemary 's Billygoat and Hunter Jackson of GWAR .
Danny Elfman
In 2012 , film director and Oingo Boingo co-founder Richard Elfman announced plans to film a sequel to his 1980 cult musical Forbidden Zone , revealing that Plum would be contributing music and songs in conjunction with original composer Danny Elfman , whose commitments in Hollywood prevented him from dedicating himself to the project full-time . Plum , a lifelong Oingo Boingo fan , called the opportunity `` something out of a dream '' . Although little is known about the current status of production following a successful IndieGoGo campaign in May 2014 , preliminary music by Plum and Elfman has been used in several promotional videos .
Discography
Solo releases
Soundtracks
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Official Website
Ebola Music Records - Official Website of Ego Plum 's Record Label
1975 births
American electronic musicians
American film score composers
American male film score composers
American multi-instrumentalists
American musicians of Mexican descent
American artists of Mexican descent
Record producers from California
American television composers
Living people
Orchestra leaders
Songwriters from California
Guitarists from Los Angeles
American male guitarists
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American drummers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
American male songwriters
Andrade is a surname of Galician origin , which emerged in the 12th century as the family name of the knights and lords of the small parish of San Martiño de Andrade ( St. Martin of Andrade ) , in the municipality of Pontedeume . The first mention of this small territory is to be found in the documentation of the monastery of San Xoán de Caaveiro ( 18 km away ) , and belong chronologically to the 9th century . It was part of the region of Pruzos , which was created as an administrative and ecclesiastical territory of Kingdom of Galicia in the sixth century by King Teodomiro ( reigned 559–570 ) through a document written in Latin called Parrochiale suevum , Parochiale suevorum or Theodomiri Divisio . From the 12th century Pruzos , and therefore Andrade , were integrated into the county of Trastámara that belonged to the lineage Traba , the most powerful Galician family . By this same time the family group : Fortúnez , begins to unite their names Andrade as surname , since in this parish their family home was located . The knights of Andrade were faithful vassals of their lords the Counts of Trastámara throughout the middle centuries of the Middle Ages .
There is a notable Jewish branch which originated in Portugal in the 17th century as da Costa d'Andrade , and soon moved into England . The surname Andrade is found predominantly in Portugal and Spain , and in countries of Latin America , Italy , Equatorial Guinea and East Timor , Goa , Philippines , and Karnataka in India . There is an important concentration of Andrade families residing in the United States , specifically , California , Massachusetts , Hawaii and Rhode Island .
The aristocratic family of Andrade
The Andrade , sometimes spelled Andrada , became a powerful family in north-western Iberian peninsula during the late Middle Ages and the early Renaissance , during which time they held the titles of Counts of Andrade and Vilalba , amongst others , together with numerous castles , palaces , manor houses and extensive lands . The City of Ferrol and the borough of Pontedeume in particular , have always been regarded as the areas with the closest attachment to the Andrades , to the point , that Pontedeume have always been , and still is , known as The Borough of Andrade .
The two Galician Regions of Ferrolterra and Terra Chá ( i.e . the Province of Mondoñedo which disappeared as a province in the 1833 territorial division of Spain though still exists as the Roman Catholic district of the Diocese of Mondoñedo-Ferrol ) are known to have been part of the domains of Fernán Pérez de Andrade in the 14th century . Fernán Pérez de Andrade was made Count of Andrade and Pontedeume , and Lord of Ferrol , Serantes and Vilar . Later the family would obtain the title of Counts of Vilalba under the Catholic Monarchs gaining full control over the entire Terra Chá Region in today 's Lugo Province . Most of the Galician properties , palaces and castles of the Andrade family these days belong to the House of Alba , and the present Countess of Andrade is Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart , 18th Duchess of Alba .
In Century XII Pedro Fortúnez , son of Fortunio Bermúdez de Andrade , founded the branch that at the end of Century XIII would adopt like name of lineage : Freire . By this same time , concretely in the year 1320 the last knights of Andrade are executed by order of the Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela : Berenguel de Landoira ( 1317-1330 ) . This moment marked the initial starting point that placed his relatives Freire as the main lineage of the northern area of the current Galician province of A Coruña . From this same branch of the primitive Andrade , the knight Fernán Pérez de Andrade called : `` The Good '' ( died 1397 ) will emerge as a direct descendant , who was undoubtedly the true founder of the so-called House de Andrade . Pontedeume , Ferrol and Vilalba were given in the 14th century to Fernán Pérez by the king Henry II of Castile due to his services against his brother the King Pedro of Castile .
Some of the main branches that emerged directly from this lineage were :
The branch of the descendants of Nuño Freire de Andrade , brother of Fernán Pérez de Andrade , who left Galicia to settle definitively in the kingdom of Portugal . From this character , all the families that today use the surname Andrade descend from their illegitimate children .
The branch emerged in the thirteenth century from Sancha Oanes , daughter of Juan Freire , which would use as the name of the lineage `` Díaz de Andrade '' , or `` Díaz de Santamarta '' that would occupy the lands around the town of Santa Marta de Ortigueira in the north of Galicia .
The descendants of Pedro Fernández de Andrade , son of another Fernán Pérez de Andrade , owner of the house of Andrade in the fifteenth century . This branch was established in the city of Betanzos and reached the nobility titles of Counts of Maceda in the year 1654 , and Taboada .
In the sixteenth century Teresa de Andrade , daughter of Fernando de Andrade and Mariñas , first Count of Andrade , married Fernando Ruiz de Castro and Portugal , fourth Count of Lemos and main noble of the kingdom of Galicia . At this moment the House of Andrade is definitely integrated into the House of Castro , and both in the House of Alba from different marriage links .
The Portuguese branch
This family soon spread to Portugal . This happened several times and with several different branches of the Andrade . The most important branch to go to Portugal was that of the 14th century Freire de Andrade in the person of Nuno Freire de Andrade ( son of Ruy Freire de Andrade , and brother of the founder of the House : Fernán Pérez de Andrade ) , later 6th Grand-Master of the Order of Christ .
From this branch of the Freire de Andrade came João Fernandes de Andrade who , having served the Portuguese Kings Afonso V and John II in the conquest of the Moroccan strongholds of Tangier and Asilah , was granted a new Coat of Arms and possessions in the Portuguese Island of Madeira , namely in Arco da Calheta ( Bow of the Calheta ) . João Fernandes de Andrade , known also as João Fernandes de Andrade do Arco , married Beatriz de Abreu and had prolific issue , descendants of whom were present in the colonization of Brazil . Jacob Velosinho de Andrade translated Saul Morteira 's `` Torat Mosheh '' into Portuguese under the title `` Epitome de la Verdad de la Ley de Moyses . ''
People with the surname
Alberto Andrade , Peruvian politician
Aloysio de Andrade Faria , Brazilian businessman
António de Andrade , Portuguese priest , the first European to explore Tibet
Athene Andrade , English artist
Billy Andrade , American golfer
Carlos Drummond de Andrade , Brazilian poet
Daniela Andrade , Honduran-Canadian singer and songwriter
David Andrade , Australian anarchist
Demetrius Andrade , American boxer
Dino Andrade , American voice actor
Diogo Andrade , Portuguese former footballer
Edward Andrade , English physicist
Fernão Pires de Andrade , Portuguese merchant
Francisco Andrade Marín , former President of Ecuador
Glauber de Andrade Rocha , Brazilian filmmaker .
Hernán Andrade , Mexican racewalker
Hope Andrade , American politician
Ignacio Andrade Troconis , former President of Venezuela
Jaime Andrade Jr. , Illinois politician
Jéssica Andrade , Brazilian mixed martial artist
João Henrique de Andrade Amaral , Brazilian footballer
Joaquim Pedro de Andrade , Brazilian filmmaker
Jorge Andrade , Portuguese footballer
Jorge Luís Andrade da Silva , Brazilian footballer
José Bonifácio de Andrade e Silva , Brazilian statesman
José Leandro Andrade , Uruguayan footballer
José María Reina Andrade , former President of Guatemala
Lady Andrade ( born 1992 ) , Colombian footballer
Leny Andrade , Brazilian singer
Levine Andrade , Indian-born British musician ( violin & viola ) , and conductor
Librado Andrade , Mexican boxer
Manuel Alfonso Andrade Oropeza ( born 1989 ) , Mexican professional wrestler known as Andrade
Manuel de Jesús Andrade Suárez , Colombian writer , journalist and politician
Marcelo Costa de Andrade , Brazilian serial killer , rapist , and necrophile
Mário de Andrade , Brazilian poet
Mário Pinto de Andrade , Angolan politician and writer
Mariza de Andrade , Brazilian-American statistician
Marta Andrade , Spanish figure skater
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade , Brazilian footballer
Mayra Andrade , Cape Verdean singer
Moisés Matias de Andrade , Brazilian footballer
Olegario Víctor Andrade , Argentine journalist , poet and politician
Oswald de Andrade , Brazilian poet
Rebeca Andrade , Brazilian artistic gymnast
Serenella Andrade , Portuguese journalist and television presenter
Susana Andrade ( born 1963 ) , Uruguayan procurator , journalist , columnist , and politician
See also
Iberian naming customs
References
External links
ANDRADE , VELOSINO JACOB DE - JewishEncyclopedia.com . Jacob Velosinho de Andrade , wrote a defense of Judaism in six volumes against Isaac Jaquelot under the title `` Messias Restaurado Contra el Libro de M. Jaquelot , Intitulado : Dissertaciones Sobre el Messias '' ( The Restored Messiah , Against M. Jaquelot 's Book , Entitled : A Dissertation Concerning the Messiah ) . It has remained in manuscript .
Andrade RV
short biography concerning the Chief Rabbi of Bordeaux ; Rabbi Abraham Andrade , in Bordeaux France
Book about the Castle of Andrade in Narahío , Ferrolterra
Pictures of the Tower of Andrade in the centre of town in `` Ponte de Eume '' Ferrolterra
Pictures of the Castle of Andrade in the outskirts of `` Puente de Eume '' Ferrolterra
Ancestry.com Interesting American Web-site for Surname Researches
Andrade origin in a Portuguese genealogical site
Andrade origin in a Galician genealogical site
Tower of the Andrade Counts of Villalba in the Terra Chá Region - Built at the very end of the Middle Ages 14th Century
Galician-language surnames
Portuguese-language surnames
Sephardic surnames
History of Galicia ( Spain )
House of Andrade
es : Fernán Pérez de Andrade
Waltersburg is an unincorporated community in Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States . The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 51 north of Uniontown . Waltersburg has a post office with ZIP code 15488 .
William Harper retired as postmaster from this location after over 45 years of service . He still resides today with his wife in their home in Waltersburg .
References
Unincorporated communities in Fayette County , Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Klatičevo is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 281 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Open-air museums in Serbia
The 1947 Jordan League was the 4th season of Jordan League . The championship was won by Al-Ahli for the first time in its history .
References
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
1947 in Jordan
The Martin House is a historic house in Seekonk , Massachusetts .
The house is a frame structure with clapboard exterior . It is two and a half stories , plus an 18-foot square monitor above . It has an entrance porch with two Doric columns . There are eight rooms distributed around a central hall plan . The house was built c. 1799–1801 , and is stylistically similar to houses built at the time in Newport , Rhode Island . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .
Simeon Martin
Simeon Martin ( October 20 , 1754 – September 3 , 1819 ) was born to an old family who had lived in Rehoboth for five generations , going back to 1665 .
Martin was a captain in Christopher Lippitt 's regiment in the American Revolutionary War . He fought at the Battle of Trenton with George Washington . After Newport was evacuated by the British in 1779 , Martin lived in Newport . He represented Newport in the General Assembly , and was Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island for seven nonconsecutive one year terms , serving from 1808 to 1810 and 1811–1816 . He also served as a Trustee of Brown University 1794–1819 .
Martin is buried at Burial Place Hill in Rehoboth , not far from this home . His epitaph , at 405 words , is claimed to be the longest in the United States and possibly the world .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County , Massachusetts
References
External links
Simeon Martin House photos at Library of Congress
Simeon Martin at Find a Grave
Epitaph of Simeon Martin
Historic American Buildings Survey
Seekonk , Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
Fátima Campos Ferreira ( born April 4 , 1958 ) is a Portuguese television presenter and journalist .
Life and career
Maria de Fátima Barbosa Campos Ferreira was born in Porto , Portugal , in 1958 . She studied at the Liceu Nacional Garcia de Orta ( high school ) in Porto . She was awarded a degree in history by the University of Porto in 1982 and a degree in journalism by the Escola Superior de Jornalismo do Porto in 1986 .
She started her television career in 1987 , working in Rádio e Televisão de Portugal ( RTP ) . In 1995 she started to host the main news program of RTP , Telejornal . In 2004 she moved to the main news program of RTP 2 , Jornal 2 . After those works she returned to the RTP 1 , the main channel of RTP , to present the weekly debate show Prós e Contras .
Personal life
She married Luís de Matos Lima and had two children : Luís Matos Lima and Joana Matos Lima . She became grandmother of a girl ( Joana 's daughter ) in 2007 . She has a brother named Luís Álvaro Campos Ferreira .
References
External links
Portuguese television presenters
Portuguese journalists
Portuguese women television presenters
Portuguese women journalists
Living people
1958 births
People from Porto
Mfon Sunday Udoka ( born June 16 , 1976 ) is a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player who is an assistant coach for the Nigeria women 's national basketball team , the D'Tigress . Born in Portland , Oregon , Udoka graduated from Benson Polytechnic High School ( 1994 ) in Portland before attending DePaul University in Chicago , Illinois from 1994 to 1998 . She is the sister of coach and former NBA player Ime Udoka .
1998-2003
After leaving DePaul in 1998 , Udoka signed with the Detroit Shock of the WNBA . With Detroit , she appeared in three games . Udoka left the U.S. following the 1998 season , moving to Portugal for the 1998–99 season . She returned to school to complete her degree in Communications in 2000 , and also rehabilitated her ACL injury she suffered in the summer of 1999 . In 2001 , she slowly resumed her basketball career with the Birmingham Power of the National Women 's Basketball League . Following the end of the 2001 NWBL season , Udoka again left the U.S. , moving to Israel , where she played briefly with Electra Ramat HaSharon before moving to compete with Harbin in China for the 2002 season . For the 2003 season , Udoka went back to Harbin before playing with the Chicago Blaze , again of the NWBL . In 2003 , she was invited to the Houston Comets training camp and made the roster as a free agent .
2003-2004
Taking several years away from the WNBA , Udoka returned in 2003 with the Houston Comets . With the Comets , she played in 25 games and started 3 of them , averaging 3.2 points per game in 10 minutes . Udoka signed with the Los Angeles Sparks for the short remainder of the 2004 WNBA season , after competing for Nigeria in the Athens Olympics , but played in only 3 games .
2004-2007
After leaving Los Angeles , Udoka moved to Spain ( 2004 ) , then the Athens Summer Olympics and Russia ( 2005 ) . She played in Mersin , Turkey for the second half of the 2006 season and spent a short time with Tarbes Gespe Bigorre of France 's Ligue Féminine de Basketball in 2007 .
International competitions
Udoka led the Nigeria women 's national basketball team to the 2004 Summer Olympics . At the Olympics , she was second in the tournament in scoring and rebounding but Nigeria finished 11th out of 12 teams . They became the first African team to ever win a game at the Olympics . Udoka also led Nigeria at the 2006 FIBA World Championship for Women , where Nigeria finished in last ( 16th ) place .
In May 2011 , Udoka was named as the new Assistant Coach for the Nigeria women 's national basketball team D'Tigress as they prepare for the African Nations Cup in Mali and the Africa Games .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
Nigerian women 's basketball players
Nigerian women 's basketball coaches
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Portland , Oregon
Benson Polytechnic High School alumni
DePaul Blue Demons women 's basketball players
Detroit Shock players
Houston Comets players
Los Angeles Sparks players
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in France
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in Israel
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in China
Olympic basketball players of Nigeria
Sportspeople from Portland , Oregon
Tarbes Gespe Bigorre players
African Games silver medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in basketball
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
Heilongjiang Dragons players
American expatriate basketball people in China
Competitors at the 2003 All-Africa Games
African Americans in Oregon
Forwards ( basketball )
The 2000 Thai Premier League consisted of 12 teams . The bottom club would be relegated to the Thailand Division 1 League . The club that came 11th would play in a relegation / promotion match against the club that came second in the Thailand Division 1 League .
Champions Royal Thai Air Force entered the next edition of the Asian Club Championship .
The league was also known as the Caltex Premier League .
Member clubs
Bangkok Bank
Bangkok Metropolitan Administration
BEC Tero Sasana
Krung Thai Bank
Osotsapa M-150
Port Authority of Thailand
Royal Thai Air Force
Royal Thai Navy ( promoted from Division 1 )
Royal Thai Police ( promoted from Division 1 )
Sinthana
Thai Farmers Bank
TOT
Final league table
Promotion and relegation playoff
The club that came 11th in the Thai Premier League was to play in a relegation / promotion match against the runner-up in the Thailand Division 1 League , but at the end of the season , Thai Farmers Bank dropped out of the league and folded .
As such , Sinthana , the club that came 11th , took their place , while TOT , the team that came 12th , would play in the relegation / promotion match .
March 27 and March 31 , 2001
† TOT remain in the Thai Premier League .
Season notes
Thai Farmers Bank would withdraw from the league at the end of the season due to the Asian financial crisis that initial struck in 1998 . The effects would spread across Asia and many clubs now came under a huge financial burden .
Queen 's Cup
Bangkok Bank won the 27th edition of the Queen 's Cup and their third title overall . They defeated Sinthana 5–3 on penalties after a 2–2 draw played at Suphachalasai Stadium .
Thailand FA Cup
BEC Tero Sasana won their first Thailand FA Cup . It is unclear whom they beat in the final .
Asian Representation
Royal Thai Air Force would progress to the second round of the 2000–01 Asian Club Championship , but only on the virtue of receiving a bye in the first round . Here , they would get beat once again by PSM Ujungpandang of Indonesia .
BEC Tero Sasana reached the Quarter-finals of the 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners Cup , where they were beaten by Shimizu S-Pulse of Japan in a match played over two legs . They drew the first leg at home , but were overcome in Japan .
Annual awards
Coach of the Year
Pichai Pituwong - BEC Tero Sasana
Player of the year
Anurak Srikerd - BEC Tero Sasana
Top scorer
Sutee Suksomkit - 16 Goals Thai Farmers Bank
Champions
The league champion was BEC Tero Sasana . It was the team 's first title .
References
Thailand 2000 RSSSF
External links
Official Website
Thai League 1 seasons
Thailand
Thailand
1
Ronnie Shields ( born June 6 , 1958 in Port Arthur , Texas ) is a former professional boxer in the featherweight division and is currently a boxing trainer .
Amateur career
Shields had a stellar amateur career . In 1974 he was the National Junior Olympics Featherweight champion . In 1975 he was the National Golden Gloves Featherweight champion . In 1976 and 1978 he was the National Golden Gloves Light welterweight champion .
Shields intended to fly on LOT Polish Airlines Flight 7 , where several of his teammates would later be killed , but got sick . His trainer said :
Both some amateur results and pro results can be found at www.boxrec.com/ under his boxing name Ronnie Shields .
Pro career
Shields turned pro in 1980 . After winning 14 out of his first 15 bouts , Shields fought tougher competition and defeated tough journeymen like Pete Podgorski and contender Saoul Mamby . Then , in 1984 Shields challenged Billy Costello for the WBC light welterweight title , but lost a decision . In 1986 he took on Tsuyoshi Hamada in Japan for the WBC light welterweight title , but lost a split decision . He retired in 1988 .
Trainer
After his boxing career , Shields has become a prominent trainer in the sport . He works out of the Plex Boxing Gym in Stafford , Texas . Among the fighters he has worked with are :
Mike Tyson
Evander Holyfield
David Tua
Pernell Whitaker
Vernon Forrest
Arturo Gatti
Juan Díaz
Kassim Ouma
Egerton Marcus
Dominick Guinn
Raúl Márquez
Jesse James Leija
Jesús Chávez
Kermit Cintron
Vanes Martirosyan
Romallis Ellis
Tomasz Adamek
Chris Arreola
Jermell Charlo
Artur Szpilka
His current stable includes :
Erislandy Lara
Jermall Charlo
Brian Vera
Edwin Rodríguez
Mike Lee
Steve Lovett
Guillermo Rigondeaux
Efe Ajagba
Austin Dulay
Sena Agbeko
Filip “ El Animal ” Hrgović
Awards and recognition
World Boxing Hall of Fame 's Trainer of the Year ( 2003 )
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Featherweight boxers
Boxers from Texas
American boxing trainers
Sportspeople from Port Arthur , Texas
American male boxers
Waitt is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Charlie Waitt ( 1853–1912 ) , baseball player
Chris Waitt ( born 1974 ) , filmmaker , musician and writer
Maude C. Waitt , member of the Ohio Senate
Mick Waitt , football coach who managed the New Zealand national team
Richard Waitt ( died 1732 ) , Scottish painter
Ted Waitt ( born 1963 ) , American billionaire , co-founder of Gateway , Inc
See also
Waitt Brick Block , historic block at 422-424 Main Street , Malden , Massachusetts
Waitt Peaks , cluster of pointed peaks , mostly snow-covered , northwest of Schirmacher Massif in the east part of Palmer Land
Waitt Radio Networks or Dial Global Local , national radio network based in Omaha , Nebraska
Dewait
The Wait ( disambiguation )
Wait ( disambiguation )
Laquincy Rideau ( born March 28 , 1996 ) is an American professional basketball player for Punto Rojo LR of the Liga Ecuatoriana de Baloncesto . He played college basketball for the Gardner–Webb Runnin ' Bulldogs and South Florida Bulls .
Early life and high school career
Rideau began his high school career at Palm Beach Lakes Community High School . Prior to his senior season , he transferred to Blanche Ely High School . Rideau had three triple-doubles on an undefeated Class 7A championship team . He averaged 16.2 points , 6.8 assists , 5.3 rebounds and 4.9 steals per game , garnering Class 7A all-state first team honors . Rideau was lightly recruited , committed to playing college basketball for Gardner–Webb over Saint Peter 's .
College career
Rideau averaged 5.8 points , 2.5 assists , and 2 steals per game as a freshman . As a sophomore , Rideau averaged 14.2 points , 5.7 rebounds , 5.2 assists , and 3 steals per game . He was named to the Second Team All-Big South . Following his sophomore season , Rideau transferred to South Florida , choosing the Bulls over Rutgers , Iona , Providence , and Florida Gulf Coast . He sat out the 2017–18 season as a redshirt per NCAA rules , but injured his foot shortly after signing with South Florida , which kept him from practicing until January 2018 . On January 12 , 2019 , Rideau posted a triple double of 18 points , 10 assists , and 10 steals in an 82–80 overtime loss to Temple . On April 2 , he scored a career-high 35 points along with eight assists and four steals in the second game of the College Basketball Invitational against DePaul . Rideau averaged 13.4 points , 5.4 assists and 2.9 steals per game as a junior , earning AAC Defensive Player of the Year honors . Following the season , he declared for the 2019 NBA draft , but ultimately withdrew to return to South Florida . As a senior , Rideau averaged 12.6 points , 4.4 rebounds and 2.5 steals per game .
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2020 NBA draft , Rideau joined Résidence Walferdange of the Total League . He averaged 20.1 points , 7.3 rebounds , 5 assists , and 3.1 steals per game . On December 2 , 2021 , Rideau signed with KK Šentjur of the Premier A Slovenian Basketball League .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2015–16
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Gardner–Webb
| 33 || 1 || 15.8 || .437 || .300 || .457 || 2.2 || 2.5 || 2.0 || .1 || 5.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2016–17
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Gardner–Webb
| 33 || 30 || 28.8 || .470 || .390 || .579 || 5.7 || 5.2 || 3.0 || .3 || 14.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2017–18
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | South Florida
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 11 '' | Redshirt
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | South Florida
| 35 || 34 || 32.1 || .409 || .338 || .549 || 3.7 || 5.4 || 2.9 || .1 || 13.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | South Florida
| 31 || 31 || 32.5 || .374 || .295 || .562 || 4.4 || 4.2 || 2.5 || .2 || 12.6
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 132 || 96 || 27.3 || .418 || .328 || .549 || 4.0 || 4.3 || 2.6 || .2 || 11.5
Personal life
Rideau has four siblings . His father , Greg Rideau , pitched in the Cleveland Indians organization and is a police officer . His mother is a middle school culinary-arts teacher .
See also
List of NCAA Division I men 's basketball career steals leaders
References
External links
South Florida Bulls bio
Gardner–Webb Runnin ' Bulldogs bio
1996 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Luxembourg
Basketball players from Florida
Sportspeople from West Palm Beach , Florida
Blanche Ely High School alumni
Gardner–Webb Runnin ' Bulldogs men 's basketball players
South Florida Bulls men 's basketball players
Point guards
Lechón is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain . According to the 2010 census , the municipality has a population of 57 inhabitants .
Its postal code is 50369 .
See also
Campo de Daroca
List of municipalities in Zaragoza
References
External links
CAI Aragon - Lechón
Lechón - Tourism
Municipalities in the Province of Zaragoza
Dark territory is a term used in the North American railroad industry to describe a section of running track not controlled by signals . Train movements in dark territory were previously handled by timetable and train order operation , but since the widespread adoption of two way radio communications these have been replaced by track warrants and direct traffic control , with train dispatchers managing train movements directly . Today most dark territory consists of lightly used secondary branch lines and industrial tracks with speeds ranging between and ; however , there do exist a small minority of main lines that fall into the category .
In the UK and Australia the term applies to rail track where the signalling system does not pass the signal indications nor track occupancy back to a signal box . As such the position of trains is not visible to signallers , and so the track is `` dark '' .
Safety concerns
The primary safety concerns with dark territory stem from the lack of any form of direct or indirect train detection along the route . Train detection systems such as track circuits not only alert other trains to the presence of a potential hazard , but can also alert dispatchers or other monitoring systems to the same . Dark territory also lacks the ability to control or lock switches onto the main track , detect misaligned switches , broken rails or runaway rail cars . In most cases these drawbacks are mitigated by the light traffic and low speed of the trains in dark territory , but a runaway train ( such as the crude oil unit train in 2013 's Lac-Mégantic derailment ) will not respect limits on speed and is not detectable by rail traffic controllers on a line with no signals or track circuits .
The total reliance on manual procedures to ensure safety has occasionally resulted in train wrecks , some with fatalities , due to either miscommunication or oversight on the part of operating personnel . In 1948 the Interstate Commerce Commission set a nationwide speed limit of for trains not protected by some kind of block system ( including manual block and track warrants ) and in 2012 this was expanded to include all lines considered dark territory . Since 1991 the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) had recommended that railroads be required to install new forms of signaling technology , such as positive train control ( PTC ) , that can stop trains from exceeding their procedural authorities and warn them of improperly lined switches . The Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 and subsequent amendments requiring installation of PTC technology on parts of the U.S. rail network by December 31 , 2018 , may eliminate many sections of currently dark territory .
On specific railroads
BNSF Railway
The Gateway Subdivision of BNSF Railway , in California and Oregon , is unsignalled and operates with track warrant control ( TWC ) , as is the El Paso Subdivision located in Southern New Mexico . The Phoenix Subdivision is an approximately 200-mile-long mainline subdivision running north/south in Arizona operating under verbal track warrant .
Dakota , Minnesota and Eastern Railroad
The Waseca Subdivision of the Dakota , Minnesota and Eastern Railroad , a 103-mile ( 166 km ) freight line in Minnesota , is not signalled and uses TWC . Several other portions of the railroad converted to signalled operation in 2008 .
Iowa , Chicago and Eastern Railroad
Most of the Owatonna Subdivision of the Iowa , Chicago and Eastern Railroad , a 124-mile ( 200 km ) freight line in Iowa and Minnesota , is not signalled . The line is operated with TWC .
See also
General Code of Operating Rules
Glossary of rail transport terms
North American railway signaling
Runaway train
References
Further reading
Rail transport operations
Railway signalling
British Tanker Company Limited was the maritime transport arm of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company , the forerunner of BP . Formed in 1915 with an initial fleet of seven oil tankers , the British Tanker Company became the BP Tanker Company in 1955 .
History
Early days
From the moment oil was discovered in Persia ( now Iran ) in May 1908 , the issue arose of how best to ship it back to Britain . The Anglo-Persian Oil Company ( APOC ) initially employed independent contractors ; principally the Asiatic Petroleum Company , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell , to carry the oil by sea . In 1912 the company acquired its first ocean going ship , the SS Ferrara , a conventional freighter that carried oil products in metal cases . Tankers were unable to berth in Abadan owing to a natural sand bar off the coast known as the Shatt-al-Arab Bar , and often had to anchor up to 40 miles from the port . This meant oil had to be lightered out to the ships . Accordingly , APOC made two further shipping purchases , a barge Friesland and a tug Sirdar-i-Naphte . This situation remained until the mid 1920s when the bar was eventually dredged to allow ships direct access to the port .
1915 to 1945
However , the directors of APOC soon decided it would be better for the company to possess its own fleet of tankers . It set up the British Tanker Company Limited ( BTC ) in April 1915 , with an initial capital of £100,000 . The BTC placed orders with two Tyne based shipbuilders , Armstrong Whitworth and Swan Hunter , for a total of seven steam-powered oil tankers . The names of the first ships bore the prefix British , and most future additions to the fleet followed the same naming convention . This acknowledged the fact that the British government had invested heavily in the fledgling company to ensure a supply of fuel oil for the Royal Navy .
BTC 's first tanker was the 3,663 grt British Emperor , launched in 1916 . She was employed to take oil from Abadan to the ports of Bombay , Karachi , Madras and Calcutta . She was the only BTC vessel not to be chartered by the Admiralty in World War I . Her career eventually ended in 1941 , when she was sunk by the , after evading all the Pinguin 's attempts to capture her intact .
BTC 's share capital was doubled to £200,000 in 1916 , and further increased to £3,000,000 in November 1917 .
In 1917 APOC made a successful offer to the British government for the assets of the former German-owned Benzin und Petroleum BP AG seized on the outbreak of war . This included the associate Petroleum Steamship Company ( PSSC ) whose 13 oil tankers passed into BTC ownership . The same year BTC was chosen by the Royal Navy to manage seven RFA tankers , giving it management experience that proved valuable post-war . The PSSC , now a subsidiary of BTC , took over ownership of the locally manned and managed fleet of small craft operating at Abadan .
By 1919 the fleet had grown to 25 ships , a motley collection of new and second hand vessels including the Scandinavia , the only sailing ship ever operated by BTC .
Over the next decade , the demand for oil grew throughout the industrialised world , and BTC expanded its fleet accordingly . By 1924 the fleet numbered 60 vessels . The 60th ship was the new flagship , the 6,998 grt British Aviator . She was the BTC 's first diesel engined oil tanker , and was at that time the most powerful single-screw motor ship in the world . A significant event was the signing of a contract with P & O in 1923 to supply bunkering facilities for the latter 's ships .
The cargoes carried by BTC ships consisted of both crude oil and refined oil products ; the main refined products being fuel oil , benzine and kerosine . During the 1920s the principal destination for BTC was the United Kingdom , which accounted for around half of all cargoes discharged . Twice as much crude oil was delivered to the United Kingdom as refined products , with most of the crude oil being taken to the newly established refineries at Llandarcy and Grangemouth . The next largest destination for BTC was India , receiving 14 % of the total cargoes carried . Cargoes discharged in Europe increased steadily , and by 1928 accounted for 13 % of the total . In 1928 BTC 's fleet consisted of 80 seagoing tankers , five coastal vessels and four government owned steamers , with a further 13 seagoing tankers being chartered by the BTC .
The Depression
With the onset of the Great Depression in the early 1930s , the merchant navies around the world faced increasing unemployment . However , through a number of strategic mergers , as well as the continuing support of the Shah of Iran , APOC managed to strengthen its position within the industry , and the BTC 's fleet continued to grow until the launch of British Energy in 1931 marked the end of the post-war fleet renewal . In 1932 , APOC reached an agreement with Royal Dutch Shell to combine their UK domestic marketing and distribution networks . This involved the transfer of some ships to a jointly owned company , Shell-Mex and BP . With careful management BTC only laid up six ships for an average of six weeks between 1930 and 1935 . In 1935 , with the Depression receding , the company started placing orders with British shipyards for a further 24 ships . The same year , at the Shah 's request , the company was renamed the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company .
Second World War
With the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939 , the British government chartered BTC 's whole fleet of 93 vessels to transport fuel for its armed forces . In addition the company was made responsible for the management of requisitioned ships and American assistance tonnage . By 1942 the company had 146 ships under its control . The fleet lost 44 of its own ships and six managed ships sunk during the war , many during the Battle of the Atlantic and the Mediterranean U-Boat campaign , with two others so badly damaged they could only be used as storage hulks . In addition two ex-BTC tankers operated by Italian companies were sunk by British submarines while a third was sunk by RAF Coastal Command .
1945 to 1955
Within two years of peace in 1945 , BTC had restored its fleet to its pre-war total of 93 ships . This included the purchase of 10 American wartime T2 tankers and three ex merchant aircraft carriers . The recovery was further bolstered by the building of 57 new tankers , each of 8,600 grt . These new ships increased the tonnage of oil transported from the Abadan refinery , but they remained within the limits imposed by the requirement to sail through the shallow waters of the Suez Canal . At this time the company decided that the old principle of owning 90 % of its required tonnage was too onerous and that chartered vessels should be employed to make up the average 50 % annual shortfall . To ease the problems of managing this large fleet an associated shipping company , the Lowland Tanker Company , was formed in association with Mathesons and Common Brothers of Newcastle to operate 10 time-chartered tankers exclusively for BTC .
In 1951 the situation changed dramatically , when Iran nationalised its oil industry . AIOC removed all its staff from the country , and for a while had no access to Iranian oil . AIOC set about forming new alliances with other oil producing countries , especially Kuwait and Bahrain . The crisis lead to a major emergency logistics operation being undertaken to reroute and repurpose the tanker fleet to cope with the loss of the refining capacity at Abadan . In addition the Petroleum Steamship Company 's fleet of barges , tugs , lighters and ancillary craft was hastily evacuated to Basra and Kuwait .
In the early 1950s BTC began increasing the size of its deep-sea ships by building 13 so-called 'supertankers ' , each of 18,000 grt . These larger ships were particularly useful during the Suez crisis of 1956 , which closed the Suez Canal and forced ships to sail around the Cape of South Africa , adding to their journey .
In November 1954 AIOC renamed itself the British Petroleum Company , and the BTC became the BP Tanker Company from 1 Jun 1956 , British Soldier being the first ship turned out in the new company 's colours .
The ships
Fleet list 1915 to 1945
Fleet list 1945 to 1956
Subsidiary companies
A number of second-hand ships were n't integrated into the main fleet but were operated by subsidiary companies , often a single ship per company . These vessels were not renamed into the British sequence . The principal subsidiary companies were The Petroleum Steam Ship Company , The Lowland Tanker Company and the jointly owned Shell-Mex and BP company .
House flag
The first house flag consisted of the black letters BTC set in a white circle on a white horizontal band , the white bordered with black , all set against a red background .
In 1926 the flag was changed to include the Persian colours . This new house flag consisted of the red Cross of Saint George on a white background , with a large green lozenge imposed over the centre of the cross , the lozenge containing a golden lion 'passant guardant ' ; the lion being a symbol of Persia .
This remained until 1954 , when a red lion 'rampant ' replaced the golden lion .
References
Sources
National Archives , Kew
BP Magazine Issue 2 , 2009 : page 24
Lloyd 's shipping registers
External links
Plimsoll Ship Data website – Lloyd 's shipping registers 1930 to 1945
Allied ships hit by U-Boats during the Second World War
National Archives , Kew – Second World War Merchant shipping movement cards
The position of ship wrecks – vessels of the British Tanker Company
GTZX – Fleet details
Anglo-Persian Oil Company
Former BP subsidiaries
Defunct shipping companies of the United Kingdom
Ships of BP Shipping
Tanker shipping companies
World War II merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Michael Joseph Rochford ( born March 14 , 1963 ) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Boston Red Sox . He also pitched for the Yakult Swallows at the end of the 1990 season .
A , 205 lbs . left-handed specialist , Rochford was selected by the Red Sox in the first round of the 1982 January draft out of Santa Fe ( Florida ) Community College . Prior to college , he was an outstanding three-sport athlete at South Burlington High School graduating in 1981 . In high school , he led the Rebels to Vermont state championships in baseball and football ( quarterback ) and was one of the best basketball players in the state scoring over 1,000 career points as a four-year starter . He is the first and only product of a Vermont high school to be selected in the Major League Baseball Amateur Draft and go on to reach the major leagues .
He spent six years in the Boston minor league system before joining the big club late in 1988 .
In a three-season big league career , Rochford posted a 0–1 record with a 9.58 ERA in eight appearances , giving up 17 runs ( 11 unearned ) on 18 hits and nine walks while striking out two without a save in innings of work . In part of nine minor league seasons , he went 75–64 with a 3.53 ERA in 250 games , including 161 starts . Pitching for Winston-Salem in 1983 , he was named to the Carolina League All-Star Team and he led Pawtucket of the AAA International League in victories ( 11 ) in 1986 . He made his major league debut on September 3 , 1988 , against the California Angels at Anaheim Stadium .
He currently is a golf pro in southern Florida .
External links
Baseball Reference
Retrosheet
1963 births
Living people
People from Methuen , Massachusetts
Major League Baseball pitchers
Boston Red Sox players
Yakult Swallows players
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Winston-Salem Spirits players
Elmira Pioneers players
New Britain Red Sox players
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Baseball players from Vermont
People from South Burlington , Vermont
Sportspeople from Essex County , Massachusetts
Ford Township may refer to :
Ford Township , Ford County , Kansas
Ford Township , Kanabec County , Minnesota
Ford Township , a geographic township in Unorganized North Cochrane District , Ontario , Canada
See also
Ford River Township , Michigan
Township name disambiguation pages
The Wire is an Australian current affairs radio program broadcast on community radio stations through the Community Radio Satellite .
The program , is produced by three major Australian community radio stations : Radio Adelaide ( Adelaide , South Australia ) , 2SER ( Sydney , New South Wales ) and 4EB ( Brisbane , Queensland )
The program promotes itself as an independent and alternative current affairs program that `` offer ( s ) critical coverage , which challenges all points of view , putting issues and events in context and always asking 'why ' '' .
References
Australian radio programs
Heng Shan Military Command Center ( ) is an underground tri-service command center in Dazhi , Zhongshan District , Taipei , Taiwan . It is the highest level military command center in Taiwan during peace and war .
History
The construction of the command center began in 1960 . This involved excavation of a mountain in the Taipei suburb of Dazhi ( formerly spelled Tachih ) and was only completed in 1982 .
Design
It was built to withstand attack from ballistic missiles and is connected to numerous other command posts and military bases via tunnels . It also has office space for various government agencies , cabinet and the President to be used during war .
References
1982 establishments in Taiwan
Nuclear bunkers
Taiwan
Military installations of the Republic of China
Buildings and structures in Taipei
Underground construction
`` Blooddrunk '' is a 2008 single by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom , taken from their 2008 album Blooddrunk . The lyrics focus upon `` self-destructive behaviour '' , and being addicted to hurting yourself . Written solely by Children of Bodom frontman Alexi Laiho , the song was generally well received by critics .
Directed by Sandra Marschner and produced by Katapult Filmproduktion , the accompanying music video was filmed at former Nazi barracks in Krampnitz situated near Berlin . The film is set in an abandoned ghost town ; Laiho described the area as `` a really creepy looking environment '' . `` Blooddrunk '' debuted at number one on the Finnish singles charts in its first week of release , and remained in the top twenty of the Finnish singles chart for six weeks following its release .
Origins
According to Children of Bodom frontman Alexi Laiho , `` Blooddrunk '' concerns `` self-destructive behaviour '' , and `` being addicted to spilling your own blood '' . Laiho felt that he had hurt himself `` more than ever '' over the course of a two-year period ( between 2005–2007 ) , and arrived at the conclusion that he was addicted to hurting himself `` so bad '' . When discussing the track in interviews , Laiho has made reference to the fact that he self-harmed in the past . However , Laiho has noted that the song is n't `` necessarily just about cutting yourself but about other things you do to yourself and you do n't know why '' .
One interviewer commented that the phrase `` blood drunk '' appears in the 2007 movie 300 , although Laiho stated that he heard the phrase prior to watching the film . `` I think it 's just some sort of expression and it fits , you know ? `` , Laiho observed .
Musical structure
`` Blooddrunk '' is 4 minutes 5 seconds long . A keyboard opens the track , described by IGN critic Jim Kaz as a `` gothic '' `` flourish '' . The track then `` degenerates '' into a set of `` muscular '' riffs , riffs that Kaz dubbed `` frenetic '' . The chorus then enters , hailed by PopMatters critic Adrien Begrand as `` effective '' . Begrand also commented that `` Blooddrunk '' is `` chugging '' .
Keyboardist Janne Wirman noted that `` Blooddrunk '' is the first song since the group 's debut album ( 1997 's Something Wild ) to feature a triplet , and felt the track was `` really fresh musically '' for that reason .
Music video
In December 2007 , Children of Bodom travelled to Berlin , Germany in order to film two music videos – for the songs `` Blooddrunk '' and `` Hellhounds On My Trail '' respectively – in support of sixth studio album Blooddrunk . Both videos were directed by Sandra Marschner , and produced by Katapult Filmproduktion . `` Blooddrunk '' 's music video was filmed at former Nazi barracks in Krampnitz near Berlin , an area where the Russian army was stationed prior to the reunification of Germany .
Set in an abandoned `` hellhole '' ghost town , Laiho described the area as `` a really creepy looking environment '' . Laiho went on to comment that `` no one has lived there for years '' .
On 18 February , the music video premiered on both the internet and Finnish television .
Critical reception
`` Blooddrunk '' was released on 27 February 2008 by Spinefarm Records in Finland . In its first week of release , the single debuted at number one on the Finnish singles chart . `` Blooddrunk '' stayed in that position for one week , and remained in the top twenty of the Finnish singles chart for six weeks following its release . On 3 March , the single was issued in the rest of Europe . On that same day , What Records issued three limited-edition versions of the single in the United Kingdom ; an enhanced CD single , a 7 '' vinyl single , and a 12 '' vinyl single picture disc . The single 's enhanced CD version featured a cover of Billy Idol 's `` Rebel Yell '' , and the music video for `` Blooddrunk '' . Limited to 1,000 copies worldwide , the 7 '' vinyl version included a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival 's `` Lookin ' Out My Back Door '' as its B-side . The single 's limited 12 '' vinyl picture disc release was distributed with 666 numbered copies , and 1,000 copies overall . A reinterpretation of Stone 's `` No Command '' comprised the B-side , and all purchased copies came with a sticker .
Critics were generally positive when reviewing `` Blooddrunk '' . PopMatters critic Adrien Begrand felt the track was `` certain to become a live favorite '' .
Formats and track listings
Release history
References
2008 singles
Number-one singles in Finland
Children of Bodom songs
Spinefarm Records singles
Songs written by Alexi Laiho
2007 songs
Astraeus flavopictus is a species of beetle in the jewel beetle family , Buprestidae , found in Australia .
It was first described by Hippolyte Louis Gory and Francis de Laporte de Castelnau in 1837 from a specimen taken from the Swan River .
Adult beetles are associated with Jacksonia species .
References
External links
Astraeus flavopictus : images & occurrence data from Atlas of Living Australia
Buprestidae
Beetles described in 1837
Beetles of Australia
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte , comte de Castelnau
Taxa named by Hippolyte Louis Gory
is a Japanese manga artist . Rikdo is a graduate of Kyushu Sangyo University and lives in Dazaifu , Fukuoka . His most popular work is Excel Saga , a manga which he describes as a work dealing with the everyday aspects of living in Japan . The anime version of Excel Saga contains stories from the first five volumes of the manga , and even features Rikdo as a character ( voiced by Wataru Takagi ) .
History
Rikudō started out by drawing adult doujinshi in 1990 under the circle name Genkotsuten , and Gebokudou . He also supervises the Rokudoukan circle , that was recently renamed Rikudou Juku . His most popular work , Excel Saga , was based on a doujinshi that he drew for comic market called Municipal Force Daitenzin , in 1994 . To this day Rikudō continues to participate in doujinshi works from time to time . In 1996 he made his major debut with Excel Saga , which was published by Young King OUR 's , and lasted for 27 volumes , or until 2011 .
Works
Assistants
Satou Shouji
Ikami Hajime
References
External links
六道館
六道神士 ( @ rikudou_koushi ) - Twitter
Manga artists
Manga artists from Fukuoka Prefecture
1970 births
Living people
Excel Saga
People from Dazaifu , Fukuoka
Two human polls comprised the 1965 NCAA University Division football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
For the first time in its history , the final AP Poll was released in January , after the bowl games . This practice would not be repeated again for the next two seasons , but has been the standard since the 1968 season .
The AP Poll ranked only the top ten teams from 1962 through 1967 . Entering New Year 's Day , the top three teams ( Michigan State , Arkansas , Nebraska ) were all 10–0 , but all three lost .
Final Coaches ' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games , in late November.Michigan State received 28 of the 35 first-place votes ; Arkansas received five and Nebraska two .
Source
Notre Dame did not participate in bowl games from 1925 through 1968 .
Prior to the 1975 season , the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each , for the Rose Bowl .
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954 .
References
College football rankings
Ko Hyon-suk ( born 21 March 1985 ) is a speed skater who competed for North Korea at the 2010 Winter Olympics as well as at the 2007 and 2011 Asian Winter Games .
References
1985 births
North Korean female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Olympic speed skaters of North Korea
Living people
Neaspilota vernoniae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neaspilota of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Canada , United States .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1861
Diptera of North America
The alphabet of human thought ( ) is a concept originally proposed by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz that provides a universal way to represent and analyze ideas and relationships by breaking down their component pieces . All ideas are compounded from a very small number of simple ideas which can be represented by a unique character .
Overview
Logic was Leibniz 's earliest philosophic interest , going back to his teens . René Descartes had suggested that the lexicon of a universal language should consist of primitive elements . The systematic combination of these elements , according to syntactical rules , would generate the infinite combinations of computational structures required to represent human language . In this way Descartes and Leibniz were precursors to computational linguistics as defined by Noam Chomsky .
In the early 18th century , Leibniz outlined his characteristica universalis , an artificial language in which grammatical and logical structure would coincide , which would allow reasoning to be reduced to calculation . Leibniz acknowledged the work of Ramon Llull , particularly the Ars generalis ultima ( 1305 ) , as one of the inspirations for this idea . The basic elements of his characteristica would be pictographic characters representing unambiguously a limited number of elementary concepts . Leibniz called the inventory of these concepts `` the alphabet of human thought . '' There are quite a few mentions of the characteristica in Leibniz 's writings , but he never set out any details save for a brief outline of some possible sentences in his Dissertation on the Art of Combinations .
His main interest was what is known in modern logic as classification and composition . In modern terminology Leibniz 's alphabet was a proposal for an automated theorem prover or ontology classification reasoner written centuries before the technology to implement them .
Semantic web implementation
John Giannandrea , co-founder and CTO of Metaweb Technologies , acknowledged in a speech that Freebase was at least linked to the alphabet of human thought , if not an implementation of it .
See also
Algebraic logic
An Essay Towards a Real Character , and a Philosophical Language
Language of thought hypothesis
Natural semantic metalanguage
Philosophical language
Upper ontology
References
Philosophy of language
History of philosophy
Ceroprepes lunata is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes . It was described by Y . Du , S. Song and D. Yang in 2005 and is found in China .
References
Moths described in 2005
Phycitinae
In mathematics , a highly abundant number is a natural number with the property that the sum of its divisors ( including itself ) is greater than the sum of the divisors of any smaller natural number .
Highly abundant numbers and several similar classes of numbers were first introduced by , and early work on the subject was done by . Alaoglu and Erdős tabulated all highly abundant numbers up to 104 , and showed that the number of highly abundant numbers less than any N is at least proportional to log2 N .
Formal definition and examples
Formally , a natural number n is called highly abundant if and only if for all natural numbers m < n ,
where σ denotes the sum-of-divisors function . The first few highly abundant numbers are
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 16 , 18 , 20 , 24 , 30 , 36 , 42 , 48 , 60 , ... .
For instance , 5 is not highly abundant because σ ( 5 ) = 5+1 = 6 is smaller than σ ( 4 ) = 4 + 2 + 1 = 7 , while 8 is highly abundant because σ ( 8 ) = 8 + 4 + 2 + 1 = 15 is larger than all previous values of σ .
The only odd highly abundant numbers are 1 and 3 .
Relations with other sets of numbers
Although the first eight factorials are highly abundant , not all factorials are highly abundant . For example ,
σ ( 9 ! ) = σ ( 362880 ) = 1481040 ,
but there is a smaller number with larger sum of divisors ,
σ ( 360360 ) = 1572480 ,
so 9 ! is not highly abundant .
Alaoglu and Erdős noted that all superabundant numbers are highly abundant , and asked whether there are infinitely many highly abundant numbers that are not superabundant . This question was answered affirmatively by .
Despite the terminology , not all highly abundant numbers are abundant numbers . In particular , none of the first seven highly abundant numbers ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , and 10 ) is abundant . Along with 16 , the ninth highly abundant number , these are the only highly abundant numbers that are not abundant .
7200 is the largest powerful number that is also highly abundant : all larger highly abundant numbers have a prime factor that divides them only once . Therefore , 7200 is also the largest highly abundant number with an odd sum of divisors .
Notes
References
Divisor function
Integer sequences
The exclamatory paradise whydah or Uelle paradise whydah ( Vidua interjecta ) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae . It is also known as the long-tailed paradise whydah , a name which can refer to Vidua paradisaea .
It is found in Benin , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ethiopia , Ghana , Guinea , Liberia , Mali , Nigeria , Sudan , and Togo .
See also
Indigobird
References
Laws of Botswana : Wildlife Conservation and National Parks Page 116
External links
The Paradise Whydahs Species Factsheet
exclamatory paradise whydah
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
exclamatory paradise whydah
exclamatory paradise whydah
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kasavuthattam is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by Kunchacko . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sharada , Adoor Bhasi and Manavalan Joseph in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Abu
Sharada as Jameela
Adoor Bhasi as Khader
Manavalan Joseph as Thomas
Jijo
Bahadoor as Pokkar
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Abdukarim Musaliar Muthalali
Nagu
Pankajavalli as Musaliar Muthalali 's Mother
Rajeshwari as Amina
S. P. Pillai as Paarakkoottathil Aliyaar
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Club Social y Deportivo San Antonio Unido , usually referred to as SAU is a football club located in the port city of San Antonio , Chile , situated in the Valparaíso Region . It was founded on July 21 , 1961 . Its football team currently plays in Segunda División .
History
The club was created in 1961 , in order to bring the enjoyment of football to a growing port city that was experiencing a surge with internal migration . In 1967 the club was known as San Antonio Unido Portuario ( SAUP ) in order to include the management company that was in charge of the port .
After 1975 the name returned as San Antonio Unido until 1983 , when the team was relegated to the Chilean third division never returning to the Primera B . The club experienced a financial recession of eight years and were not active until being refounded on December 10 , 1991 adding the Social to their club name .
Squad
.
Honours
Copa Apertura Segunda División : 1970
External links
Official Web Site
No official Web Site
Fans Web Site
See also
Chilean football league system
Football clubs in Chile
Association football clubs established in 1961
1961 establishments in Chile
O Homem da Meia-Noite ( ) is a carnival block in Olinda , Brazil . The block was created in 1931 by Luciano Anacleto de Queiroz , Sebastião da Silva , Cosme José dos Santos , Heliodoro Pereira da Silva , and shoemaker Manoel Joaquim dos Santos . It parades on carnival Saturday midnight at Olinda 's historical center , being the first block to perform .
frevo is the main played rhythm , but others are also played , such as samba and marchinhas .
O Homem da Meia Noite is an intangible cultural heritage of Pernambuco since 2006 .
History
Homem da Meia-Noite was founded on February 2 , 1931 , following an internal dispute at . Luciano Anacleto de Queiroz , Sebastião da Silva , Cosme José dos Santos , Heliodoro Pereira da Silva , and shoemaker Manoel Joaquim dos Santos ( Neco Monstro ) were not accepted at the block 's board , and decided to create the new block .
Back then , Cariri Olindense was the first block to parade at Olinda 's carnival .
Thus , to rival with them , the founders decided to parade at the midnight hour between carnival 's Saturday and Sunday , becoming the opening act since then .
Later , both blocks have reconciled . Now it is a tradition that Homem da Meia-Noite hands in the city key to Cariri right after its parade .
Between 1931 and 1932 , Homem da Meia-Noite had only a standard ( with a clock showing midnight hour ) and the doll . After , it has incorporated other carnival elements . The block did not parade between 1950 and 1953 due to financial issues .
Family
Other characters have been created in association to Homem da Meia-Noite . A Mulher do Dia ( ) was created in 1967 . The doll only parades on Sunday , thus only meets Homem da Meia Noite when all giant dolls parade together .
The figure was created by the craftsman Julião das Máscaras , whom inspired at Monalisa . It has long dark hair , a gold tooth smile , and wears yellow and blue in a reference to Yemọja e Oshun .
Homem and Mulher were `` officially '' married in a ceremony in February 1990.O Menino da Tarde ( ) is the first offspring of the marriage between Homem da Meia-Noite and Mulher do Dia . The figure was created in 1974 also by Julião das Máscaras . He is dressed as an adult .
In 1977 A Menina da Tarde '' ( ) was created by Sílvio Botelho . The character is vain girl which has news clothes every carnival .
References
Olinda
Brazilian Carnival
Parades in Brazil
Festivals established in 1931
Carmaux , défournage du coke ( translated as Drawing Out the coke ) is a film made in 1896 by Lumière . The location was the Saut-du-Tarn Steel Works at Carmaux , France near the river Tarn in southern France . It is a one-minute sequence of men lifting a large coal block out of a smelter . One man is spraying water to cool the block while others use rakes to spread it out . Others can be seen pushing coal carts along a track .
See also
Lumière
Carmaux
Coal
External links
Carmaux , défournage du coke on YouTube
Watch Carmaux , défournage du coke
1896 films
French black-and-white films
French silent short films
Films directed by Auguste and Louis Lumière
1896 short films
Black-and-white documentary films
1890s French films
Willy Fritz Grundbacher ( 5 July 1907 – November 1997 ) was a Swiss modern pentathlete . He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1907 births
1997 deaths
Swiss male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Switzerland
Modern pentathletes at the 1936 Summer Olympics
The streak-capped treehunter ( Thripadectes virgaticeps ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae .
It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
External links
Photo-Medium Res ; Article www.ornithomedia.com-Ornithomedia.com : le web de l'ornithologie
streak-capped treehunter
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
streak-capped treehunter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Local elections were held in the Makati on May 14 , 2007 within the Philippine general election . The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city : the mayor , vice mayor , two district representatives , and councilors , eight in each of the city 's two legislative districts .
Background
Incumbents Jejomar Binay and Ernesto Mercado are running for their third consecutive term as mayor and vice mayor of Makati , respectively . Their main opponent , Senator Lito Lapid announced his candidacy for mayoral bid , with second district councilor Nemesio Yabut Jr. as his running mate . Should Lapid lose , he would return to the Senate to finish his unexpired term that would last until 2010 . The other candidate is businessman Elias Dulalia .
Candidates
Representative
1st District
Teodoro Locsin Jr. is the incumbent .
2nd District
Incumbent Butz Aquino is term-limited .
Mayor
Vice Mayor
City Council
1st District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
2nd District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
References
Elections in Makati
2007 Philippine local elections
2007 elections in Metro Manila
The history of Jews in St Louis goes back to at least 1807 . St. Louis has the largest Jewish population in Missouri and is the largest urban area in the state of Missouri . Today 's Jewish community is primarily composed of the descendants of Jews who immigrated from Germany in the first few decades of the 19th century , as well as Jews who came from Eastern Europe slightly later .
Early Jewish history of St. Louis
Commonly considered the pioneer Jew of St. Louis was Wolf Bloch , a native of Schwihau , Bohemia , who is reported to have settled there in 1816 .
The earliest evidence of a Jew settling in St. Louis is that of Joseph Philipson from Pennsylvania . He arrived in St. Louis in the early winter of 1807 . On December 13 , 1807 Joseph , 34 years old , opened his general merchandising store and permanently settled in St. Louis . Joseph was not only the first Jewish merchant to settle in St. Louis , he was also the first American merchant to establish a permanent store in St. Louis . In 1808 , Joseph 's brother Jacob arrived in St. Louis and established his own store . Their remaining brother Simon remained in Philadelphia , traveling occasionally to St. Louis . Until 1816 the Philipsons were the only Jews known to live in St. Louis . Jacob died about 1858 , buried in the City Cemetery . [ Source : `` The Philipsons '' ]
The first synagogue
The early arrivals were not religiously observant and probably intermarried and in this way may have lost their identity ; for it was not until the Jewish New Year of 1836 that the first religious services were held , when ten men rented a little room over Max 's Grocery and Restaurant , on the corner of Second and Spruce Streets ( now occupied by the St. Louis Arch Grounds ) . The next year these pioneers organized the United Hebrew Congregation , which is still in existence . According to Jonathan Sarna , it is the oldest synagogue west of the Mississippi River . A. Weigel was its first president ; and services were held for many years at a private house in Frenchtown . The first building used as a synagogue was located on Fifth Street between Green and Washington Avenues . In 1855 this organization bought a site and erected its own temple on Sixth Street between Locust and St. Charles streets . The building was consecrated on June 17 , 1859 , with Rabbi M. J. Raphall of New York officiating . The rabbinate was held by Rabbi Henry J. Messing from 1878 to 1911 .
The B'nai El congregation was organized in 1852 , and moved into its own house of worship at Sixth and Cerre streets in 1855 . Rabbi Moritz Spitz , editor of The Jewish Voice , was the occupant of its pulpit in from approximately 1880–1920 .
In 1866 Congregation Shaare Emeth was organized on 17th and Pine , with Rabbi S. H. Sonnenschein as its spiritual leader , and Alexander Suss as its first president . Rabbis James M. Bennett and Andrea Goldstein are the present clergy . In 1886 a number of the members , being dissatisfied , banded together , and with Rabbi Sonnenschein organized Congregation Temple Israel , with Isaac Schwab as president . Rabbi Amy Feder and Rabbi Michael Alper are the present spiritual advisers . There are also six regularly organized Orthodox congregations in the city .
Cemeteries
In 1844 A. J. Latz purchased a lot on Pratte Avenue for a cemetery , which was used until 1856 , when the United Hebrew Congregation acquired what is now known as Mount Olive Cemetery . The B'nai El congregation used as its first burial-ground a plot of land on Gravois road , now enlarged and known as Mount Sinai Cemetery . This land was purchased in 1849 . Later the Mt . Sinai Cemetery Association was formed , and the cornerstone of its chapel was laid June 22 , 1873 , the Revs . Wolfenstein and Sonnenschein officiating . The members of B'nai El , Shaare Emeth , and Temple Israel congregations are entitled to burial in these grounds .
United Hebrew Relief Association
After the Chicago fire in 1871 many Jewish families removed from that city to St. Louis ; and these required temporary assistance . It was then that the United Hebrew Relief Association was inaugurated , with B . Singer as president , and Rabbi S. Wolfenstein ( later superintendent of the Cleveland Orphan Asylum ) as vice-president . Numerous charitable organizations sprang up from time to time until 1897 , when the first consolidation was effected . The United Hebrew Relief Association , the Sisterhood of Personal Service , the Ladies ' Zion Society , and the Hebrew Ladies ' Sewing Society combined , with a view to more effective work , under the name `` United Jewish Charities , '' with Moses Fraley as president .
The Hebrew Free and Industrial School Society , an organization for the instruction of children in Jewish history and religion , was founded by Rabbi H. J. Messing in 1879 , with J . B. Greensfelder as president ; and the Jewish Alliance Night-School for immigrants was established a few years later by Prof. W. Deutsch , and was presided over by Elias Michaels .
The Home for Aged and Infirm Israelites was founded in 1882 , with B. Hysinger at its head . In 1905 , it owned the property which it occupied , and provided for about fifty residents .
Jewish Hospital
The United Jewish Charities being in need of funds in 1898 , a large fair was held for one week in the Coliseum of the Exposition Building , under the auspices of a special committee presided over by Julius Lesser , with the result that the Charities received the sum of $ 37,000 , one-half of which was appropriated toward the relief fund , while the remainder was used for erecting a building to be used by the Jewish charitable and educational bodies of St. Louis . The title to this building is vested in the United Jewish Charitable and Educational Associations , the first president of which is Elias Michaels .
Realizing the need of a hospital for the poor , the Jews of St. Louis contributed a fund of $ 100,000 , which was paid to The Jewish Hospital of St. Louis , incorporated in 1900 , and presided over by August Frank . The hospital was moved to the eastern edge of Forest Park in 1927 . It was located at 5414 Delmar Boulevard . This placed it within two blocks of Barnes Hospital , and in 1996 the two hospitals merged to become Barnes-Jewish Hospital . This is now the largest hospital in Missouri .
The spirit of consolidation which was prevalent during the year 1901 affected those Jews who were interested in the several charitable and educational institutions of the city , and who believed that by a stronger union more work could be accomplished and larger contributions secured . Accordingly , on November 7 , 1901 , a committee of 100 persons assembled at the Columbian Club , and it was decided to organize the Jewish Charitable and Educational Union , with Moses Fraley as president . Over $ 42,000 a year is paid into its treasury by the Jews of St. Louis and distributed among the following constituent societies : the United Jewish Charities , Jewish Hospital , Home for Aged and Infirm Israelites , Hebrew Free and Industrial School Society , and Jewish Alliance Night-School Society . Annual appropriations are made also for the Cleveland Orphan Asylum and for the Hospital for Consumptives at Denver .
The first national Conference of Jewish Charities was held at St. Louis in 1885 , with Marcus Bernheimer as president and Albert Arnstein as secretary .
Newspapers and educational institutions
St. Louis had two Jewish papers in 1905 . The Jewish Voice , successor to The Jewish Tribune , was founded in 1876 by Godlove , Friedman , and Wolfner . The Revs . S. H. Sonnenschein and Moritz Spitz later became joint owners of the paper , which wa eventually edited and owned by the latter . In 1901 The Modern View , owned and edited by A. Rosenthal , made its first appearance .
The Hebrew Young Men 's Literary Association , which in a few years became the YMHA of St. Louis , began its existence in 1877 , with J . B. Greensfelder as president . This organization in 1878 appointed a committee to solicit funds and distribute them among those refugees who were coming to St. Louis on account of the spread of yellow fever in the Southern States . Benjamin Altheimer was chairman of this committee . The YMHA maintained its literary and social work for a number of years , but it gradually passed out of existence . In 1896 it was reorganized , with A. Rosenthal as its new president ; as of 1905 it had 600 members . The reorganized association took the lead in providing aid for the Romanian refugees in 1900 . The Pioneers Ladies ' Literary Society is the oldest organization of its kind in the country , having begun its work in 1877 . Mrs. August Frank was its first president .
The Jews of St. Louis are fully identified with the welfare of the city . Isaac Schwab , Jonathan Rice , Jacob J. Wertheimer , Elias Michaels , Nathan Frank , and Charles A. Stix were members of the board of directors of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Company , under whose auspices the World 's Fair was held in St. Louis during the year 1904 .
Among the Jews of St. Louis who have held positions of honor and trust in the community and have been prominent in the different public exchanges of the city may be mentioned : Nathan Frank , owner of the St. Louis Star , a daily newspaper , who represented the city in Congress ; Moses N. Sale , a judge of the Circuit Court ; Albert Arnstein and Moses Fraley , former members of the city council ; Meyer Rosenblatt , who served as collector of revenue for the city ; Louis Aloe , a member of the board of election commissioners ; Elias Michaels , a member of the school board , and at one time president of the Mercantile Club ; Marcus Bernheimer , a former president of the Merchants ' Exchange ; and Jacob D. Goldman , who has held the same office in the Cotton Exchange .
By 1905 the Jews of St. Louis numbered about 40,000 in a total population of about 575,000 .
Today 's Jewish population in the St. Louis area exceeds 60,000 in a metropolitan population of about 3,000,000 people .
St. Louis County , MO holds nearly all of Missouri 's Jewish community . 7 % of St. Louis County 's population is Jewish .
Synagogues and community organizations including The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute are active in St. Louis .
Other prominent Jewish people from St. Louis
Jacob Lampert was a wealthy cigar manufacturer who lived in St. Louis . In 1912 , he was Grand Master of the Masons in St. Louis . At the time of his death in 1921 , he had the largest estate in the history of Missouri . His will was bitterly contested by eleven nephews and nieces , which was front-page news in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper .
Lee Falk creator of the comic strip characters the Phantom ( often considered the first modern superhero ) and Mandrake the Magician was born and raised in St. Louis .
Joe Besser comic actor on film and television
Danny Meyer New York restaurateur .
Sam Altman Entrepreneur and Venture Capitalist . CEO of OpenAI . Past President of Y Combinator .
Andy Cohen Creator of Bravo Real Housewives franchise . He attended Clayton High School and now resides in New York City .
See also
Jewish American
Jewish history in the United States ( pre-20th century )
List of Jewish Americans
External links
St. Louis Jewish timeline
References
2. https : //web.archive.org/web/20081028211332/http : //www.stlgs.org/religionsJewish.htm
Jewish
Jewish
St. Louis , Missouri
Jewish
The 2022 Hampton Pirates football team represents the Hampton University as a first year member of the Colonial Athletic Association during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season . Led by third-year head coach Robert Prunty , the Pirates play their home games at the Armstrong Stadium in Hampton , Virginia .
Previous season
The 2021 team finished with a record of 5–6 , 3–4 in Big South play , finishing in a four-way tie for 3rd place place . This was Hampton 's final season as a member of the Big South Conference . The Pirates will be joining the Colonial Athletic Association ( CAA ) for all sports starting in 2022–23 .
Schedule
Game summaries
Howard
Tuskegee
at Norfolk State
at No . 8 Delaware
Maine
at Albany
Richmond
at Villanova
William & Mary
Elon
at Towson
References
Hampton
Hampton Pirates football seasons
Hampton Pirates football
Colours of Gospel is a German gospel choir that performs throughout Germany and other European countries . Established in Mainz in 1998 , the choir is currently conducted by Collins Nyandeje .
The choir been a non-profit , non-denominational association since 2004 .
Choir
The choir consists of about 70 male and female singers in four-part line-up SATB ( Soprano , Alto , Tenor , Bass ) . The members come primarily from the Rhine-Main area .
When performing , the choir optically builds a rainbow with their scarves which represents the international variety of gospel songs . The choir encourages the audiences to sing and dancing with the music .
Repertoire
Some songs are supported by soloists from the choir . When performing , the choir is accompanied by the band `` Fools of Rhythm '' which consists of keyboard , guitar , bass and drums . Sometimes they are also completed by a brass ensemble . The lyrics are usually in English .
The repertoire includes traditional American gospel , Black gospel , White gospel and Negro Spirituals that are arranged by Collins Nyandeje . The repertoire also includes Latin Gospel . This music includes the soundtrack of the movie `` The Gospel '' with songs like `` He Reigns '' ( Kirk Franklin ) , `` Glorious '' and `` Because of who you are '' ( Martha Munizzi ) , `` Friend of God '' ( Israel Houghton ) and `` You are good '' ( Kirk Franklin ) . he choirs also sings European Christian choir music , called `` Lobpreis ( praise ) and Anbetung ( adoration ) '' ,
Highlights
Choir tours to Hamburg , Dijon , Mönchengladbach , Saarlouis
Supporting act for the Jackson Singers in Wiesbaden in 1998
Active participation in the international Jazz festival `` Bingen swingt ''
Television appearance in the Christmas edition of `` Der fröhliche Weinberg '' ( The Merry Vineyard ) on SWR in 2002
Participation in the live show `` Kikania '' on the children 's channel KIKA where gospel was introduced and explained to the young audience
Concerts in Nierstein/Oppenheim during `` Rheinland-Pfalz-Tag '' and in Heppenheim during `` Hessentag '' 2004
Active participation in the final ceremony on the occasion of 25 years of ZDF television church service
Active participation in the ecumenical opening worship of the 2006 FIFA soccer world championship in Frankfurt
Gospel concert as contribution of Diocese of Mainz for `` Hessentag '' 2007
4th International Gospel Church Days in Hannover 2008
Anniversary concert with Edwin Hawkins in 2008
5th International Gospel Church Days in Karlsruhe 2010
6th International Gospel Church Days in Dortmund 2012
7th International Gospel Church Days in Kassel 2014
Support act for Stefan Gwildis on his concert tour `` Alles dreht sich '' in the `` Alte Oper '' in Frankfurt in 2016
8th International Gospel Church Days in Braunschweig 2016
9th International Gospel Church Days in Karlsruhe 2018
17 years of `` Mainzer Gospelnacht '' in the pre-Christmas season in the Christuskirche in Mainz
Discography
1998 : Precious Light
2000 : Studio CD : People get ready there 's a train it 's coming
2003 : Live recording of the anniversary concert on 8 November 2003 in the Christuskirche in Mainz : Gospels , Spirituals and more
2009 : Studio CD : All 4 You
2013/14 : Contribution to the samplers of Gospel - Songs Against Poverty ( 2013 ) und Hessen Gospelt ! ( 2014 )
References
External links
Works from and about Colours of Gospel in the catalog of `` Deutsche Nationalbibliothek ''
Colours of Gospel on the website of diocese Mainz
Mainz online
EKHN trailer as promotion for the Gospel Church Days
German choirs
Gospel music groups
Mainz
Musical groups established in 1998
`` Judy '' is a limited edition 7 '' single by The Pipettes of which 1000 copies were pressed by Boston 's Total Gaylord Records in August 2005 . It was exclusively available via mailorder from the United States and featured a sleeve which folded out into a polka dot dress in homage to the singers ' dress code . The B-side `` KFC '' features DJ Scotch Egg and members of The Go ! Team . The first two tracks are the same recordings as the previous UK 7 '' releases .
Rose sings the lead vocals on the song . The video is a cartoon-like with Judy driving around in a car and in the video Rose sings `` stuff '' instead of arse .
Track listing
`` Judy ''
`` It Hurts to See You Dance so Well ''
`` KFC '' ( featuring DJ Scotch Egg )
Re-recording
The song was later re-recorded and released as the fifth single from their debut album We Are the Pipettes . It was released on September 25 , 2006 . It is available on CD , double 7 '' vinyl , and digital download from Memphis Industries .
Track listing
CD single
`` Judy '' ( Single Mix )
`` Simon Says ''
7 '' white vinyl single
`` Judy '' ( Single Mix )
`` Feminist Complaints ''
7 '' blue vinyl single
`` Judy '' ( Single Mix )
`` The Burning Ambition of The Early Diuretics ''
Digital download
`` Judy '' ( Acoustic Version )
Chart positions
References
2005 singles
2006 singles
The Pipettes songs
2005 songs
, also known as Wel City Tokyo , was a concert hall in Shinjuku , Tokyo , one of a number of public concert halls in Japan called Kōsei Nenkin Kaikan . John Coltrane 's quintet performed here on their Japanese tour ( 1966 ) . Dutch band Shocking Blue who were internationally famous after topping the US charts with their hit Venus , performed here in July , 1971 . Parts of these concerts were used for their 'Live in Japan ' - album of 1971 . Journey also performed here on their Escape tour ( 1981 ) .
Opened on 15 April 1961 , the hall closed on March 31 , 2010 .
References
Concert halls in Japan
Buildings and structures in Shinjuku
Buildings and structures completed in 1961
The 1993–94 Football League season was the 95th completed season of The Football League . From 1993 to 1996 the league was sponsored by Endsleigh .
Alan Smith kicked off his management career by guiding Crystal Palace to the Division One title and back to the Premier League at the first time of asking . Nottingham Forest , now managed by Frank Clark following Brian Clough 's retirement , also made a swift return to the Premier League by finishing runners-up to Palace . They were joined by play-off winners Leicester City , who finally reached the top flight after two successive play-off final defeats .
Oxford United 's decline since losing their top-flight status in 1988 continued as they slid into Division Two , along with Peterborough United and Birmingham City .
Mark McGhee won the Division Two title for Reading , with John Rudge 's Port Vale taking the other automatic promotion place . Burnley triumphed in the play-offs , thus moving to within one division of the top flight just seven years after they had almost been relegated to the Conference . Fulham , Hartlepool United , Exeter City and Barnet were the teams relegated to Division Three .
Shrewsbury Town , Chester City and Crewe Alexandra claimed the three automatic promotion places in Division Three , while Martin O'Neill 's Wycombe Wanderers won the play-offs in their first season of league football . Northampton Town finished bottom of the league , but were saved from demotion as Conference champions Kidderminster Harriers did not meet the league 's stadium capacity requirements .
Final league tables and results
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website , with home and away statistics separated . Play-off results are from the same website .
First Division
Following relegation from the Premier League at the end of the 1992-93 season , Crystal Palace earned an immediate return to the top flight by finishing champions of Division One with 90 points in their first season under manager Alan Smith . Their nearest rivals , Nottingham Forest , newly relegated and also with a new manager in Frank Clark , finished runners-up on 83 points .
After losing in the previous two playoff finals and on all of their six previous visits to Wembley , Leicester City finally won a Wembley final at the seventh attempt by beating local rivals Derby County in the Division One playoff final to end their seven-year absence from the top flight . Leicester 's semi-final opponents Tranmere lost at this stage of the playoffs for a second successive season , also suffering defeat in the League Cup semi-finals . Third placed Millwall were defeated by Derby in the other semi-finals .
Four months after resigning as England manager , Graham Taylor succeeded long-serving Graham Turner as manager of a Wolves side who just fell short of the playoffs . Middlesbrough , another side who missed out on the playoffs , prepared for a promotion push in 1994-95 by appointing former Manchester United and England captain Bryan Robson as player-manager following the resignation of Lennie Lawrence at the end of the season .
At the other end of the table , Peterborough United 's second season in Division One ended in relegation when they finished bottom of the table . Oxford United , who lost manager Brian Horton to Manchester City a few games into the season , were unable to avoid relegation under new manager Denis Smith , while the last relegation place went to Birmingham City , who were edged into the bottom three by local rivals West Bromwich Albion .
Play-offs
Results
Locations
Second Division
In a tight promotion race contested between the sides who finished in Division Two 's top four places , Reading won the title and clinched promotion in their third season under the management of Mark McGhee , with veteran striker Jimmy Quinn being the highest scorer in all four divisions with 35 goals . Port Vale , the previous season 's losing semi finalists , went up as runners-up - their third promotion under the management of long-serving John Rudge . Plymouth Argyle and Stockport County missed out on automatic promotion and had to contest the playoffs with York City and Burnley . The semi-final between Burnley and Plymouth Argyle saw the Turf Moor side emerge as victors , while York City squandered their chances of a second successive promotion ( and second-tier football for the first time since the mid 1970s ) by losing to Stockport County in the other semi-final . Burnley won the Wembley final 2-1 , ending their 11-year spell in the lower two divisions of the league and consigning Stockport to a fourth Wembley defeat in three seasons .
At the other end of the table , Barnet 's first season in the third tier ended in relegation with a bottom place finish . Hartlepool United went down after three seasons . Exeter City had lost manager Alan Ball to Southampton halfway through the season and appointed Terry Cooper , manager of their 1990 promotion winning side , as Ball 's successor , but were unable to avoid relegation . The final relegation place went to Fulham , who dropped into the fourth tier for the first time in their history . Blackpool , another fallen giant , managed to avoid relegation but survival was not enough for chairman Owen Oyston , who dismissed manager Billy Ayre after four seasons in charge and replaced him with Sam Allardyce .
Play-offs
Results
Locations
Third Division
Shrewsbury Town 's two-year spell back in the league 's bottom tier ended in Division Three title glory and promotion under new manager Fred Davies , while Chester City earned an instant return to Division Two as runners-up of Division Three , only their second promotion in more than 60 years as a Football League side . The final automatic promotion place went to Crewe Alexandra , who had been beaten in the playoffs during the previous two seasons following their relegation in 1991 . The final promotion place went to playoff winners Wycombe Wanderers , who triumphed 4-2 over Preston North End in the Wembley final at the end of their first season as a Football League side . Torquay United and Carlisle United were the losing semi-finalists in the playoffs , reflecting major progress as the two sides had battled against relegation to the Conference one season earlier .
There was no relegation from the Football League this season - for the first time since automatic relegation and promotion between the league 's basement division and the Football Conference was introduced in 1987 . This was due to stadium requirements introduced by the Football League for potential Conference champions , emerging from the stadium crisis and ensuing financial problems which had helped bring about the collapse of Maidstone United just three years after gaining league status by this route . Kidderminster Harriers , the Conference champions , did not meet the league requirements and were denied a place in Division Three for the 1994-95 season , which saved the league 's bottom placed club Northampton Town from being relegated into non-league football .
Play-offs
Results
Locations
See also
1993–94 in English football
References
English Football League seasons
2
Clyde FastLink is a proposed high frequency bus rapid transit system in Glasgow , Scotland . It is planned to run between Glasgow city centre and several local and regional destinations , including Glasgow Harbour , the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre and Renfrew . The scheme is being led by Strathclyde Partnership for Transport ( SPT ) and Glasgow City Council . The route will be almost fully segregated from normal traffic , except for a small area around Broomielaw due to land constraints , and around Glasgow Central station .
Route
Fastlink 's route is still being determined , but current proposals envision 'north bank ' and 'south bank ' routes , which will generally run on routes segregated from normal traffic . Both routes will share right of way with local traffic in a one-way loop around a terminus near Glasgow Central railway station
From the city centre hub , the 'north bank ' route is planned to follow the north bank of the River Clyde in a westerly direction , serving the International Financial Services District , the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre and the Riverside Museum .
The 'south bank ' route will follow the same route from Glasgow Central station to Finnieston , before crossing the Clyde Arc bridge to connect destinations south of the River Clyde , including Pacific Quay , Govan , the South Glasgow University Hospital and Renfrew .
Additional proposals have been made to create an easterly line to serve the 2014 Commonwealth Games venues and stadiums .
History
The first phase of the original scheme , running from Glasgow Central station to Glasgow Harbour , was given planning approval by Glasgow City Council in July 2006 . It was intended to be an interim measure before the introduction of light rail sometime after 2010 . The scheme was originally expected to be completed in 2010 and to cost £42 million .
However , Glasgow City Council 's request for funding from the Scottish Government was rejected as part of the government 's Strategic Transport Projects Review , citing its lack of regional impact , its failure to tackle congestion around Glasgow Central station and its lack of clear impact on emissions reductions . Instead , the Government promised to investigate the construction of a wider light rail network across Glasgow , and new city centre stations to resolve city-centre connectivity issues .
Current status
Fastlink is currently in review , in light of the Scottish Government 's rejection of the original plan . However , funding now seems more certain given its inclusion in the Scottish Government 's 2010 Draft Budget .
In January 2010 SPT adopted the 'Vision for Fastlink ' , which includes plans for a 'south ' phase taking in both the prior link to the SECC and a spur south of the river via the Clyde Arc , serving the new South Glasgow Hospital and extending as far as Renfrew . It also contained significant new proposals for two easterly extensions to serve the 2014 Commonwealth Games village and venues .
This document is intended to guide progress of the scheme in light of other developments , such as ongoing proposals for a light rail system .
See also
List of guided busways and BRT systems in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Clyde Fastlink on Glasgow City Council
Clyde Fastlink on Clyde Waterfront
Transport in Glasgow
Guided busways and BRT systems in the United Kingdom
Proposed public transport in the United Kingdom
Honor Margaret Spufford , ( née Clark ; 10 December 1935 – 6 March 2014 ) , known as Margaret Spufford , was a British academic and historian . She was Professor of Social and Local History at the University of Roehampton from 1994 to 2001 .
Early life
Spufford was born Honor Margaret Clark in Cheshire on 10 December 1935 . Her parents , Mary ( née Johnson ) and Leslie Marshall Clark , were scientists . Her older sister Jean Grove was a glaciologist . During her childhood , Margaret was educated at home by her mother . During World War II , she lived in the Welsh borders to be safer from the threat of bombing . In 1953 , with the death of her father , the family moved to Cambridge . There , she attended the sixth form of Cambridge High School for Girls , a grammar school .
In 1956 , she matriculated into Newnham College , a women-only constituent college of the University of Cambridge . Due to ill health she left university without completing her degree . For all her adult life she suffered from early onset osteoporosis . Although her first fracture was at the age of 17 , the disease was not diagnosed until she was 31 . She later returned to university and studied in the Department for English Local History at the University of Leicester . She graduated in 1963 with a Master of Arts ( MA ) degree , having achieved a distinction . She remained to complete post-graduate research and completed her Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD ) degree in 1970 . Her thesis was titled People , Land & Literacy in Cambridgeshire in the 16th & 17th Centuries .
Academic career
Spufford began her academic career as a research fellow at Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge , in 1969 . After three years at the University of Cambridge , she joined Keele University as an honorary lecturer and senior research fellow where she stayed for the rest of the 1970s . In 1980 , she returned to Newnham College , Cambridge as a fellow and college lecturer in history . She was initially also a senior research associate at the History faculty . In 1985 , she gave up her official Fellowship and was appointed a bye-fellow because her blood pressure became labile , which meant she could no longer commit herself to continue teaching undergraduates on a regular basis . She continued teaching a large group of doctoral students , who called themselves 'The Spuffordians ' and came to her from as far away as Canada , California , Australia and Japan because of her reputation , based on her publications . After a year at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study in Wassenaar , she was appointed Research Professor in Social and Local History at the University of Roehampton in 1994 . She retired in 2001 . She spent two terms in Japan , the second as guest of the Japan Academy , overseeing a cooperative research project on local history in Japan . The resulting publication of a series of volumes , is currently ( March 2015 ) in progress .
Publications
Spufford started publishing in 1960 and had already published two smaller books and ten articles before her most influential book Contrasting Communities was published in 1974 . It has been kept continuously in print ever since . It changed the way that historians looked at local communities in early modern England .
Her next important book , Small Books and Pleasant Histories : Popular Fiction and its Readership in Seventeenth Century England , was published in 1981 and it too has been kept continuously in print ever since It made people aware of the extent of literacy in rural England and what there was for rural readers to read . As a consequence it brought to the attention of historians of English literature the immense quantity of ephemeral literature that underpinned the literary cannon . She later extended her work on education and literacy from rural England to other parts of Europe .
Her next landmark book , The Great Reclothing of Rural England , came out in 1984 . It brought the attention of historians to the chapmen who toured rural England before the proliferation of shops , carrying with them the essential linens for clothing and a range of haberdashery and other small objects , including small books . This has produced similar studies in other parts of Europe .
Spufford 's next book , The World of Rural Dissenters , 1520-1725 , was published in 1995 . It was an attempt with a number of her research students to look at the continuity and social range of dissent in rural England from the Lollards to the early 18th century . She herself contributed an introductory chapter , a small book in itself , summarising her particular views on the importance of religion in the 16th and 17th centuries .
Her Poverty Portrayed also appeared in 1995 . It tied together documents about rural poverty with paintings by the two Egbert van Heemskercks , father and son , portraying rural society in Holland and England .
In 1995 , she began the British Academy Hearth Tax project , at the University of Roehampton , which launched a series of edited texts , with critical introductions of the hearth tax records of late 17th century England .
In 2000 many of her articles were republished in Figures in the Landscape , Rural Society in England 1500-1700 .
Later life
Spufford was a profoundly religious person and became an oblate of the Anglican Benedictine Malling Abbey in West Malling . She wrote a notable book , Celebration , on the problem of pain and Christian belief , out of her own experience and that of her daughter . Television and radio programmes resulted and she was frequently asked to preach , mostly in the Cambridge area , including leading Good Friday meditations , to speak at Diocesan clergy gatherings , to Ordinands , and to trainee doctors and nurses . She also set up a hostel for students who were so disabled that they would not otherwise have been able to come to university .
Spufford died on 6 March 2014 . Her funeral was held on 29 March at the Whittlesford parish church .
Personal life
In 1962 , she married Peter Spufford . Together they had two children ; a son , Francis , and a daughter , Bridget , who pre-deceased her .
Health issues
Spufford had struggled with physical health issues for all her adult life . While in her 30s , early onset osteoporosis was diagnosed . She also survived cancer and high and labile blood pressure . She was diagnosed with vascular dementia and Lewy bodies dementia in autumn 2011 . She then became too ill to complete the revision of her Clothing of the Common Sort which was prepared for publication by her co-author , Dr Susan Mee , the last of her many research students . It was published in January 2018 in the Pasold Studies in Textiles Series by the Oxford University Press .
Honours
Spufford was awarded a higher doctorate , Doctor of Letters ( LittD ) , by the University of Cambridge in 1986 . In 1995 , she was elected Fellow of the British Academy ( FBA ) . In the 1996 New Year Honours , she was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) 'For services to Social History and to Higher Education for People with Disabilities ' . She was given Honorary Doctorates by the Open University and the University of Keele . Her former pupils and colleagues are organising a conference in her honour in June 2015 , as well as a concert in April 2015 . A Prize Fund has also been set up in her memory .
In 2018 a festschrift was published in her honour : Trevor Dean , Glyn Parry , Edward Vallance , eds . Faith , Place and People in Early Modern England : Essays in Honour of Margaret Spufford . Woodbridge , Suffolk : Boydell Press , 2018. , .
References
1935 births
2014 deaths
Academics of the University of Roehampton
Fellows of the British Academy
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Cheshire ( before 1974 )
Fellows of Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge
Academics of Keele University
Fellows of Newnham College , Cambridge
People with Alzheimer 's disease
Herbert Renoth ( born 5 February 1962 in Berchtesgaden ) is a retired German alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
External links
References
1962 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Berchtesgaden
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Cyrtosomum penneri are roundworms of the family Atractidae that are found in the intestines or lungs of various vertebrate animals . They do not produce eggs ; instead the adults produce larvae that are ready to infect as soon as they leave their mother 's womb . C. penneri is found only in Mexico .
Transmission
Unlike most nematodes , which infect their host by being accidentally swallowed , C. penneri is acquired through sexual transmission . In lizards , it is passed through the cloaca of the infected lizard to the cloaca of the other during mating , and it has been found , through experiments , that female contraction is 100 % percent , while male contraction is about 70 % .
In an experiment by the Department of Biology at Florida Southern College , the researchers found that land snails and crickets do not serve as transport or intermediate hosts , which supports the idea that C. penneri is transferred only during sexual intercourse of the definitive host .
References
Rhabditida
Sexually transmitted diseases and infections
West Petpeswick is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Gilberton , Queensland may refer to :
Gilberton , Queensland ( Etheridge Shire ) , Australia
Gilberton , Queensland ( Gold Coast ) , Australia
Kelly Joe Phelps ( October 5 , 1959 – May 31 , 2022 ) was an American musician and songwriter . His music has been characterized as a mixture of delta blues and jazz .
Career
Kelly Joe Phelps grew up in Sumner , Washington , a blue-collar farming town . He learned country and folk songs , as well as drums and piano , from his father . He began playing guitar at age twelve .
Phelps concentrated on free jazz and took his cues from musicians like Ornette Coleman , Miles Davis , and John Coltrane . He spent 10 years playing jazz , mostly as a bass player . He refers to his `` conversion '' to a blues musician when he began listening to acoustic blues masters like Mississippi Fred McDowell and Robert Pete Williams . He initially gained notice for his solo lapstyle slide guitar , which he played by laying the instrument flat and fretting it with a heavy steel bar . Inspired by the birth of his daughter Rachel in 1990 , Phelps began writing songs . He began singing and released his critically praised debut , Lead Me On , in 1995 .
In 2005 , Phelps released a live album , Tap the Red Cane Whirlwind , which he followed a year later with the studio album Tunesmith Retrofit . In 2009 , he released an album of instrumentals titled Western Bell . Following that release , he began recording and touring with the American singer-songwriter Corinne West . In January 2013 , he announced a hiatus from touring due to ulnar neuropathy in his right hand and arm .
Phelps is featured in the 2011 book I 'll Be Here in the Morning : The Songwriting Legacy of Townes Van Zandt . In 2017 , he was profiled in the UK music blog the Immortal Jukebox .
Phelps died in Iowa on May 31 , 2022 .
Discography
Lead Me On , ( Burnside , 1994 )
Roll Away the Stone , ( Rykodisc , 1997 )
Shine Eyed Mister Zen , ( Rykodisc , 1999 )
Sky Like a Broken Clock , ( Rykodisc , 2001 )
Beggar 's Oil ( Rykodisc , 2002 )
Slingshot Professionals , ( Rykodisc , 2003 )
Tap the Red Cane Whirlwind , ( Rykodisc/True North , 2005 )
Tunesmith Retrofit , 2006 ( Rounder , 2005 )
Western Bell , ( Black Hen , 2009 )
Magnetic Skyline with Corinne West ( Make , 2010 )
Brother Sinner and the Whale , ( Black Hen , 2012 )
Roll Away the Blues : The Very Best of , ( Nascente , 2013 )
With others
Various Artists : Hear the Angels Sing : Greetings from Rykodisc ( Rykodisc )
Paul Curreri : Songs for Devon Sproule ( City Salvage )
Zubot and Dawson : Chicken Scratch ( True North )
Jay Farrar : Sebastopol ( Artemis )
Rory Block : I 'm Every Woman ( Rounder )
Linda Tillery and the Cultural Heritage Choir : Say Yo ' Business ( Earthbeat )
Tim O'Brien : The Crossing ( Alula )
Greg Brown : Slant 6 Mind ( Red House )
Greg Brown : Further In ( Red House )
Tony Furtado : Roll My Blues Away ( Rounder )
Tony Furtado Band ( Cojema Music )
Martin Simpson : Cool & Unusual ( Red House )
Louise Taylor : Ride ( Signature )
Bo Ramsey : In the Weeds ( Trailer )
Townes Van Zandt : The Highway Kind ( Normal )
See also
List of contemporary blues musicians
List of blues musicians
List of singer-songwriters
References
External links
French forum
1959 births
2022 deaths
People from Sumner , Washington
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American blues singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Washington ( state )
Contemporary blues musicians
Guitarists from Washington ( state )
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Black Hen Music artists
Rounder Records artists
Rykodisc artists
American male singer-songwriters
Radvaň may refer to :
Radvaň , Banská Bystrica
Radvaň nad Dunajom , Nitra Region
Radvaň nad Laborcom , Prešov Region
Čiližská Radvaň , Trnava Region
See also
Radwan ( disambiguation )
The Face of the Night , the Heart of the Dark is an orchestral composition in one movement by the American composer Wayne Peterson . The piece was first performed by the San Francisco Symphony under the conductor David Zinman in October 1991 . It won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for Music . The title is a quote from the works of Thomas Wolfe .
Pulitzer dispute
The awarding of the Pulitzer Prize to The Face of the Night , the Heart of the Dark gained considerable notoriety in the classical music community . The music jury , comprising George Perle , Roger Reynolds , and Harvey Sollberger , originally submitted only one work for consideration—Ralph Shapey 's Concerto Fantastique—despite Pulitzer rules requiring the jury to submit three works for board consideration . However , George Perle , who had served on previous Pulitzer Prize for Music juries , claimed that he was not aware of such provision . When the Pulitzer board demanded an alternative , threatening to forego a music prize for the year , the jury submitted Peterson 's The Face of the Night , the Heart of the Dark . In an upset to the jury , the board selected The Face of the Night , the Heart of the Dark over Concerto Fantastique .
Perle commented on the incident , remarking , `` I do n't want to belittle the Peterson work , which is marvelous . It is absolutely worthy of a Pulitzer Prize . But the Pulitzer Prize is supposed to be for the single best work of the year , and on this occasion we felt that there was a work that was more impressive . We were entirely unanimous on that point , and we did not expect to be overruled . '' Reynolds and Sollberger released a similar statement , saying , `` The Pulitzer Prize board 's action in modifying the music jury 's decision this year is especially alarming because it occurred without consultation and without knowledge of either our standards or rationale . Such alterations by a committee without professional musical expertise guarantees , if continued , a lamentable devaluation of this uniquely important award . ''
Walter Rugaber , then a member of the Pulitzer board , responded , `` What all the juries are asked to do is to select three nominees and submit them to us without expressing a preference . '' He added :
Peterson himself responded to the controversy , remarking :
Recording
Following its premiere by the San Francisco Symphony , the work was not performed again until 2010 , when the Boston Modern Orchestra Project performed it , releasing it on a CD in 2017 .
References
Compositions by Wayne Peterson
1991 compositions
Compositions for symphony orchestra
Pulitzer Prize for Music-winning works
Forestar Group Inc. is a residential lot development company based in Arlington , Texas . The Company has operations in 51 markets in 21 states and delivered 11,518 residential lots during the twelve-month period ended December 31 , 2020 . The Company is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and in October 2017 became a majority-owned subsidiary of D.R . Horton , Inc. , the largest homebuilder by volume in the United States since 2002 . The company primarily acquires entitled real estate and develops it into finished residential lots for sale to homebuilders with a strategic focus on asset turns and efficiency .
Overview
The company manages all operations through its real estate segment .
The majority of Forestar 's real estate projects are single-family residential communities . The Company develops lots for single-family homes on sites typically purchased in the open market and sells residential lots primarily to local , regional and national homebuilders . Forestar acquires land for use in its development operations after the Company has completed due diligence and after it has obtained the rights ( known as entitlements ) to begin development work resulting in an acceptable number of residential lots . Forestar 's strategy is focused on making investments in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidate market share in the fragmented U.S. lot development industry . The Company primarily invests in short duration , phased development projects that generate returns similar to production-oriented homebuilders . Forestar also makes short-term investments in finished lots ( lot banking ) and undeveloped land with the intent to sell these assets within a short time period .
Company history
The company 's origins date back to the 1955 incorporation of Lumbermen 's Investment Corporation , which in 2006 changed its name to Forestar ( USA ) Real Estate Group Inc . The company has a long legacy of residential and commercial real estate development operations , primarily in Texas . In 1991 , Forestar and Cousins Properties Incorporated formed Temco Associates , LLC as a venture to develop residential sites in Paulding County , Georgia , and in 2002 Forestar and Cousins formed CL Realty , L.L.C . as a venture to develop residential and mixed-use communities in Texas and across the southeastern U.S. Those ventures continue today . In 2001 , Forestar opened an office in the Atlanta area to manage nearby land with a focus on its long-term real estate development potential . In 2006 , Temple-Inland Inc. began reporting Forestar Real Estate Group as a separate business segment . On December 28 , 2007 , Temple-Inland distributed 100 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Forestar 's common stock to its shareholders . In September 2012 , Forestar acquired CREDO Petroleum , an oil and gas exploration , development and production company with leasehold interests in over 135,000 net mineral acres .
In October 2017 , Forestar became a majority-owned subsidiary of D.R . Horton , Inc . Immediately following the merger , D.R . Horton owned 75 % of Forestar 's outstanding common stock , and as of December 31 , 2020 , D.R . Horton owned 65 % of Forestar 's outstanding common stock . In connection with the merger , Forestar and D.R . Horton entered into certain agreements , including a Stockholders ' Agreement , a Master Supply Agreement and a Shared Services Agreement .
Market shares
On 8 June 2020 , Forestar Group Inc. 's market value currently stands at $ 771.95 million . In the past year , Forestar Group Inc 's securities have moved between $ 23.12 and $ 9.44 .
Stock
On 12 June 2020 , Forestar Group Inc. CFO James Douglas Allen in a deal purchased 5,200 shares of the company 's stock . The shares were purchased at an average price of $ 14.41 per share , with a $ 74,932.00 purchase value .
External links
http : //www.forestar.com/ Official website
http : //landforsale.forestargroup.com/ Land For Sale
http : //hunting.forestargroup.com/ Hunting & Recreational Leases
https : //finance.yahoo.com/q ? s=FOR - Company profile at Yahoo ! Finance
https : //web.archive.org/web/20121011124552/http : //www.nyse.com/about/listed/for.html New York Stock Exchange
References
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Companies based in Arlington , Texas
Real estate companies of the United States
Corporate spin-offs
Héctor Cassina ( born 6 October 1943 ) is a former Argentine cyclist . He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Argentina
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Rafaela
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
The 1924 season was Wisła Kraków 's 16th year as a club .
Friendlies
A-Klasa
League standings
Notable players
Adam Obrubański
Henryk Reyman
External links
1924 Wisła Kraków season at historiawisly.pl
Wisła Kraków seasons
Association football clubs 1924 season
Wisla
, born February 7 , 1998 ) is a Japanese figure skater . She has won four senior international medals .
Personal life
Riona Kato was born in Osaka , Japan . She trained in gymnastics as a child .
Career
On the ice from the age of two years and eight months , Riona Kato was encouraged by her aunt , Yukari Kato , a skating coach . She debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series in 2011 .
In 2013 , Kato began training in California , coached by Anthony Liu as well as her aunt . She won a bronze medal at the 2013 JGP in Slovakia . Her first senior international was the Triglav Trophy at the end of the 2013–14 season , where she placed 4th .
2014–15 season
Kato began the 2014–15 season by winning two senior medals , silver at the Asian Trophy and bronze at a Challenger Series event , the U.S. Classic . Making her Grand Prix debut , she finished 5th at the 2014 NHK Trophy and earning a personal best of 117.51 in the freeskate . She then went on to finish 7th at the 2015 Japanese Championships .
2015–16 season
For the 2015-16 Grand Prix series , Kato was assigned to compete at 2015 Rostelecom Cup .
She started her season by finishing 5th at the 2015 CS Ondrej Nepela Trophy .
Programs
Competitive highlights
GP : Grand Prix ; CS : Challenger Series ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
References
External links
1998 births
Japanese female single skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Osaka
is a fictional character in the manga series D.Gray-man , created by Japanese writer and artist Katsura Hoshino . Within the series , set in a fictional 19th century , Lenalee is an exorcist of the Black Order organization tasked with destroying demonic beings called Akuma created by the Millennium Earl , and aiding the Black Order in its fight against the Earl 's group , the Noah Family . To facilitate this , she uses a type of weapon called `` Innocence '' that , in her case , takes the shape of a pair of boots . Lenalee was originally forced to become an exorcist when she was a child , but ended up appreciating it after her older brother , Komui Lee , moved to the Black Order to avoid being left , alone and at the same time became friends with all the staff . Lenalee has also appeared in the series ' light novels and video games as well .
Lenalee was one of the first characters Hoshino created for the manga , most notably before the series ' protagonist , Allen Walker . She originated in Hoshino 's one shot , Zone , where she is depicted as a teenager who wants the Earl to revive her boyfriend . Hoshino 's design changes across the D.Gray-man series led to arguments between Hoshino and her editor who argued how Lenalee 's hairstyle should look .
Lenalee has been well received by the series ' readers . She has kept fourth place in every character popularity poll of the series , and has also appeared in polls to decide the most popular manga characters in Japan . Reviewers have praised Lenalee 's easygoing character , as well as her role in the story . Merchandising based on her has also been released .
Creation and design
Katsura Hoshino 's one shot Zone featured many characters similar to those that would appear in D.Gray-man , especially Lenalee , the Millennium Earl , and General Cross Marian . Many other characters are also `` leftovers '' from earlier , sometimes unpublished works . Lenalee was one of the first characters created for the series , most notably , before Allen Walker . Hoshino based Lenalee on a real person , but has only shared her identity with her editor who laughed at the revelation . Hoshino considers her to be an ideal girl . Her exorcist uniform was remade many times until the author was satisfied with it . Lenalee was originally going to be portrayed as crabby and fiery based on her dark backstory , but ended up as a nice girl .
Hoshino thought that in a Victorian setting , long-haired girls tended to become the central character . After considering this , she believed a short-haired girl would stand out more and be much cuter . However , her editor wanted the character to have long hair , believing this would be better received by readers . As a result , Lenalee has long hair in the early chapters of the manga . Nevertheless , Hoshino took advantage of Lenalee 's fight against the Level 3 Akuma to generate an impact strong enough to cause her to lose some of her hair in the process . Hoshino paid the most attention to Lenalee 's uniform wanting to design clothing that would be sexually appealing . As a result , her uniform included a mini-skirt . However , Hoshino notes that the design does not fit with the manga 's setting and states that it is best to treat Lenalee 's uniform as fan service .
Hoshino enjoyed drawing Lenalee 's hair , despite finding her D.Gray-man character Yu Kanda 's hair impossible to top . She enjoyed drawing Lenalee because of her personality , and her relationship with other series ' characters such as Komui and Reever Wenhamm . Because her hair grew longer as the series went on , the author gave her different hairstyles . When the manga moved to Jump Square , a magazine for older readers , Hoshino decided to increase Lenalee 's sex appeal by having her skirt shorter even though she is also wearing shorts beneath it . After Allen Walker became a fugitive from the Order , Hoshino wanted to have Lenalee chase after him , to the point where they would clash . When asked about Allen 's farewell hug with Lenalee as he leaves the Order , Hoshino joked that she was happy with how Lenalee had matured , and at the same time become taller than Allen , in contrast to the beginning of the series when they were both the same height .
Lenalee is voiced by Shizuka Itō in the original Japanese animated adaptation of the manga . Ito found Lenalee striking both in terms of personality and design and thus wanted to properly voice the character when receiving the news she was being cast . Hoshino joked that Lenalee seemed more beautiful after she saw Itō 's work . Itō was replaced by Ai Kakuma in the Japanese anime sequel D.Gray-man Hallow . Lenalee is voiced in English by Luci Christian . Christian has stated she liked the character and was happy that Funimation intended to release the series ' second half in 2017 so that she could voice her again .
Appearances
In D.Gray-man
Lenalee first appears in chapter 5 of D.Gray-man and is properly introduced in the 6th chapter when she shows exorcist newcomer Allen Walker the Black Order . While on a mission to slay Akumas with Allen , Lenalee explains her past . Her parents were killed by an Akuma when she was very young , and she was forced to become an Exorcist as a child . Because she was separated from her brother , Komui Lee , her only remaining family member , she tried repeatedly to escape but was restrained . As a result , she hated the Order and Innocence . When Komui joined the Order to be with her , she stopped trying to escape . She now fights for her brother as well as her friends , knowing she has a home and family to return to . Her perception of the `` world '' consists of her friends and family ; whenever one of her friends dies , it seems to her as if a part of her world has been destroyed . Lenalee 's Innocence are the , her Equipment-type anti-Akuma weapon , take the form of a pair of black , knee-high boots that give her the ability to run at high speeds , jump to great heights , walk on water , create whirlwinds and use sound waves as footholds .
When the exorcists are given the mission to save General Cross Marian from the Noah clan , she believes Allen was killed on the journey by her former ally Suman Dark . As she copes with this , Lenalee defeats a Level 3 Akuma attacking her group 's ship . She then coaxes more power from her Innocence than she can safely handle , reducing her ability to use her boots as well as her physical mobility . During this state , her Innocence becomes a crystal to protect her from harm , a behavior unheard of in Innocence . This leads the Millennium Earl to believe that Lenalee might possess the `` Great Heart '' that both exorcists and the Noah search for as the user of it will win the war . However , the Earl tries to take her , but the exorcist is saved by the returning Allen . The group is then trapped in Noah 's Ark where their enemies try to kill the exorcist before the Ark is destroyed . With Cross ' help , Allen saves the Ark . After returning to the Black Order , a Level 4 Akuma attacks the HQ , and many people are injured or killed . Lenalee willingly expresses a desire to become an exorcist . Accepting her conviction , the Innocence grants her greater power , becoming a never-before-seen evolved Equipment-type , dubbed a Crystal-type . These new Boots are made up of Lenalee 's blood and repair themselves as long as she has blood in her body . When the Dark Boots are in their dormant state , they form two blood-red anklets . With these powers , she saves Allen from the Level 4 Akuma whom they manage to exorcise thanks to Cross .
After the Black Order is rebuilt , Lenalee and her friends learn Allen is the vessel of the 14th Noah ; eventually the Noah will control his body forcing the other exorcists to kill him if he becomes a Noah . Later , when Allen is imprisoned because of his transformations and escapes from the Order with the other two Noah , Lenalee tries to make him return . However , she fails as Allen confirms he still considers the Order his home before his departure . Three months later , Lenalee tries to conceal Yu Kanda 's journey to find Allen from Komui . When Allen 's mind is about to disappear from his body as a result of the Noah , Lenalee appears in an illusion allowing him to regain his desire to live .
In other media
As well as the main manga and anime series , Lenalee makes brief appearances in the three D.Gray-man spin-off light novels by Kaya Kizaki . She is also present in the series ' video games , as well as the crossover fighting game Jump Ultimate Stars .
Cultural impact
Popularity
Lenalee 's character has been popular with fans . In an Anime ! Anime ! poll , Lenalee was voted the third female anime character fans wanted to see in yukata . In the 30th Annual Anime Grand Prix in 2007 , she was voted the ninth best female character in anime . Newtype magazine ranked her the tenth best female character in anime for her role in D.Gray-man Hallow . In Newtypes 2015–2016 best-of-anime awards , Lenalee was seventh in the same category . In four D.Gray-man character popularity polls , she has consistently taken the fourth spot surpassed in each poll by Allen Walker , Yu Kanda and Lavi . She took the 20th place in the 2009 Anime Saimoe Tournament , an online popularity contest for the Most Moet Anime Character of the Year . Itō 's performance was also the subject of praise by Eastern reviewers .
She has also been popular with cosplayers , earning a cult following in Japan . Many varieties of merchandise based on the character have been released such as outfits , key chains and action figures . For Halloween 2016 new merchandise was developed for a Tokyo cafe , and a vienna coffee drink was developed and named for Lenalee .
Critical reception
Manga and anime publications praised Lenalee 's character and her role in the series . While noting how the initial story arcs followed Allen 's mission with other characters including Lenalee , Joy Kim of Manga Life found the introduction of her character appealing as it provided comedic moments to balance the bittersweet ending of the series ' previous story arc . Nevertheless , Kim complained about Viz Media 's multiple misspellings of Lenalee 's name in the manga 's third volume . Kevin Leathers of the UK Anime Network referred to her as `` the typical female influence '' because of the contrast she provides with other characters from D.Gray-man like Yu Kanda . The Fandom Post 's John Rose found her more sympathetic than Allen 's previous ally , Kanda , which helped him enjoy the story more . He credited her character 's introduction with helping the manga to develop . Manga News agreed , finding Lenalee one of the more enjoyable characters introduced in the series . Leah Sacks of Comic Bulletin enjoyed Lenalee and Allen 's relationship because of their similarities and because they do not argue unlike Allen 's relationship with Kanda . Capsule Monsters ' Michael Marr enjoyed Lenalee and the series ' other supporting characters ' roles because of their impact on Allen .
In describing the D.Gray-mans cast , Sandra Scholes referred to Lenalee as the `` rational one '' and commented on her varied personality . In one of the anime 's original episodes not featured in the manga , Scholes found her favorite was the one where Lenalee is apparently on a date yet her companion turns out to be an Akuma who considers her to be attractive which results in a funny episode . Kimberly Morales of Animation Insider commented on Lenalee 's tragic backstory noting she was forced to join the Black Order organization , but her reunion with her brother Komui became `` paramount to her character '' . Morales also praised how Lenalee and Allen work together on a mission to help Miranda Lotto , who has a poor life , but thanks to the duo becomes a better person . Luci Christian 's work as Lenalee 's English voice actress was also complimented by Morales . Lenalee 's new type of Innocence was well received by Chris Zimmerman of the Comic Book Bin who liked how she accepted the powers she previously hated in order to assist Allen Walker in his fight against the 4th Level Akuma who was attacking the Black Order . This led to an appealing fight sequence which Zimmerman felt was a satisfactory end to the story arc . Manga News was more critical stating that the reason the Level 4 Akuma was defeated was the result of a power up in Lenalee . Neo found Lenalee 's design likeable , balancing other male characters '
bishōnen looks . The staff also liked her fighting abilities despite finding the name of her weapon , `` Dark Boots '' , unfitting .
Anne Lauenroth of the Anime News Network praised Lenalee 's fight scenes in the anime 's sequel D.Gray-man Hallow as she alone defeats multiple Akumas sent by the Noah Clan . Nevertheless , Lauenroth found Lenalee 's inability to stop Allen from leaving the Order sad , but praised the direction of their farewell scene . Thanasis Karavasilis from Manga Tokyo agreed with the direction of Lenalee 's actions in Hallow as she becomes one of Allen 's last allies when he is being treated as a traitor by his comrades and how she jumps in at the climax of one episode to save him and prove Allen is a friend . Although Lenalee fails to rescue Allen in the end , Karavasilis felt their farewell implied a romantic interaction between them , but joked he did not want that due to his obsession with her . In addition he liked Lenalee 's action scenes calling her `` Bat-Lenalee '' . Karavasilis selected Lenalee as his favorite female character in the series as well as one of the best parts of Hallow . He also noted that although some fans were annoyed with Shizuka Itō being replaced by Ai Kakuma , he did not mind the change of voice actress for Lenalee .
Manga artist Osamu Akimoto told Hoshino Lenalee 's appearance especially due to his taste of longhaired women as well male readers in general . Hoshino replied to him that if she often got the same comment about the change of Lenalee 's design but Akimoto still liked how the reason for such change was well elaborated in one of her fight .
See also
References
D.Gray-man manga volumes by Katsura Hoshino . Original Japanese version published by Shueisha . English translation published by Viz Media .
Anime and manga characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Anime and manga characters with superhuman strength
Comics characters introduced in 2004
D.Gray-man characters
Female characters in anime and manga
Fictional exorcists
James Richard Petersen ( born February 22 , 1962 ) is an American retired basketball player , and a current television analyst with the Minnesota Timberwolves . From 2009 to 2017 he served as an assistant coach and later associate head coach for the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA . He played as either a power forward or a center .
Basketball career
High school / college
Petersen , a St. Louis Park native , played high school basketball at St. Louis Park High School , being named Minnesota 's Mr. Basketball in 1980 , as well as being the first McDonald 's All-American from the state of Minnesota .
Born in Minneapolis , Minnesota , he then went on to be a four-year letter winner at the University of Minnesota , and a member of the 1982 Big Ten Championship team that featured future NBA veterans Trent Tucker and Randy Breuer .
NBA
Petersen was selected by the Houston Rockets in the third round ( 51st overall ) of the 1984 NBA Draft , alongside Hakeem Olajuwon . In the following four seasons , he played with the Texas club , backing up both Olajuwon and Ralph Sampson , who were known as the Twin Towers . Petersen played in 20 post-season games ( averaging six points and six rebounds ) as the team reached the NBA Finals , losing 2–4 to the Boston Celtics .
In 1988 , Peterson was traded with Rodney McCray to the Sacramento Kings for Otis Thorpe . A year later , he was traded to the Golden State Warriors for former teammate Ralph Sampson .
In the 1986–87 season , as Sampson began to struggle with injuries , Petersen achieved career-best averages of 11 points and seven rebounds , playing in all 82 games and starting in 56 . He retired in 1992 at the age of 30 , after four seasons with the Rockets , one season with the Kings , and three seasons with the Warriors , with totals of 491 games and 3,397 points .
Post-retirement
After leaving the NBA , Petersen worked for the National Basketball Players Association in their player programs division , facilitating seminars in NBA locker rooms in topics such as HIV and AIDS , financial planning , substance abuse and career planning for life after basketball . He also coached junior high , high school and AAU basketball teams in La Jolla , California and Minneapolis .
He has worked as a television analyst with the Minnesota Timberwolves since 2003 ; prior to that he was a radio analyst since 1998 . As a broadcaster , Petersen has been acclaimed for his deep knowledge of basketball and detailed commentary on the nuances of the game . In November 2008 , Petersen was named assistant coach of the WNBA 's Minnesota Lynx ; in 2016 he was named Associate Head Coach . In January 2017 , he announced he was stepping down as Associate Head Coach .
He resides in Wayzata , MN with his wife Tika . His son Sanjay Lumpkin , is a professional basketball player who played for Northwestern University .
References
External links
Stats at BasketballReference
1962 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
American women 's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Minnesota
Basketball players from Minneapolis
Centers ( basketball )
Golden State Warriors players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Houston Rockets players
McDonald 's High School All-Americans
Minnesota Golden Gophers men 's basketball players
Minnesota Lynx coaches
Minnesota Timberwolves announcers
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
People from St. Louis Park , Minnesota
Power forwards ( basketball )
Sacramento Kings players
Sports coaches from Minneapolis
The following list includes notable people who were born or have lived in Wilmette , Illinois . For a similar list organized alphabetically by last name , see the category page People from Wilmette , Illinois .
Academics and scientists
Acting and modeling
Architects
Business
Chefs
Music
Photography
Politics
Sports
Writing and journalism
Other
References
Wilmette
Wilmette
Erich Habitzl ( 9 October 1923 – 26 September 2007 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played for Austria at the 1948 Summer Olympics . After his international play , he played as a forward for Admira Wien , able to switch between center forward and inside right . Habitzl , Karl Huber , and Josef Eisener together formed a noted forward line for Admira .
References
External links
1923 births
2007 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Austrian expatriate footballers
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
RC Lens players
FC Nantes players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Expatriate footballers in France
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in France
Olympic footballers of Austria
Footballers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Association football forwards
The 1986 Ealing Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
2 from 94
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
State Route 2 ( SR 2 ) , formerly known as Inter-county Highway 2 until 1921 and State Highway 2 in 1922 , is an east–west highway crossing most of northern Ohio . Its western terminus is at the Indiana state line near Hicksville where the route becomes Indiana State Road 37 which continues to Fort Wayne , Indiana . The eastern terminus of the route is in Painesville Township in Lake County at U.S. Route 20 ( US 20 ) .
Route description
It passes through Bryan , Wauseon ( where it briefly becomes a couplet ) , and enters greater Toledo west of its interchange with the Ohio Turnpike . It continues east from greater Toledo and soon parallels Lake Erie , becoming a freeway near Port Clinton . From Oregon to Sandusky SR 2 is part of of the highway designated the `` Lake Erie Coastal Ohio Trail '' . and on September 22 , 2005 , was designated a National Scenic Byway . From Toledo to Sandusky the highway is also part of and designated the Lake Erie Circle Tour that is also part of the `` Great Lakes Circle Tour '' . It then passes Sandusky , where it meets U.S. Route 250 ( US 250 ) and US 6 , and separates from the lakeshore as a freeway , and traverses rural Erie County before entering Lorain County . Near Elyria , it joins Interstate 90 ( I-90 ) , whose route it shares to Rocky River , where it follows SR 254 along Detroit Road into Lakewood . Here it again joins US 6 , as well as US 20 on Clifton Boulevard . It then becomes part of the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway in Cleveland , joining I-90 again near Burke Lakefront Airport . These two highways split near Euclid , and SR 2 continues along the Lakeland Freeway to Painesville , feeding into US 20 eastbound . SR 2 serves as an access route to lakeshore attractions on Lake Erie from Toledo and Cleveland and as an alternative to the Ohio Turnpike .
The stretch of SR 2 from Toledo to Sandusky passes several attractions . The Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge is just east of SR 19 in Carroll Township . It sits on along with the Davis–Besse Nuclear Power Station .
SR 2 is the lowest numbered state route in Ohio . SR 1 was decommissioned in 1965 .
Naming
The section of SR 2 that runs through Erie County is called the `` Jackie Mayer Miss America Highway '' and is named for Jackie Mayer , a former Miss America who was born and raised in Sandusky .
The section of SR 2 that runs through Willoughby is named `` Brian Montgomery Memorial Highway '' in honor of a Marine Lance Corporal who was killed in the Iraq War in August 2005 .
History
1912 : Intercounty Highway 2 runs from Cleveland to the Pennsylvania state line .
1923 : Route is extended to follow current US 6 alignment from the Indiana state line to Bryan , and current SR 51 and US 20 from Toledo to the Pennsylvania state line .
1926–1927 : Rerouted from Toledo to Cleveland along previous SR 23 alignment from Toledo to Port Clinton , previously unnumbered route from Port Clinton to west of Sandusky , and previous SR 12 from west of Sandusky to Cleveland . Cleveland-to-Pennsylvania alignment certified as US 20 .
1931 : Extended east to Willoughby along previously unnumbered route ( St. Clair ) .
1931–1932 : Western terminus shortened to Bryan , Bryan to Indiana state line certified as US 6
1936 : Extended to Indiana state line via the former SR 108 alignment from Hicksville to Bryan , and the former SR 18 alignment from the Indiana state line to Hicksville , with which it was dually certified along this route until 1940 .
1939 : SR 18 alignment removed from SR 2 alignment west of Hicksville .
1939 : Route extended east to Lost Nation Road in Willoughby .
1941 : SR 2 from West 6th to East 9th moved from Lakeside Avenue to the Lakefront Highway , later called the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway . Lakeside certified as SR 2 temporary .
1962 : Extended east to SR 283 in Painesville ; Euclid-to-Painesville alignment upgraded to freeway .
1967 : west of Sandusky to west of Sandusky upgraded to freeway , and rerouted on the bypass around Sandusky on former US 6 alignment .
1967 : Route extended to its current eastern terminus at US 20 in Painesville Township
1968 : From SR 163 to west of Sandusky upgraded to freeway .
1970 : From west of Amherst to SR 83 ( SR 76 at that time ) upgraded to freeway ; from east of Amherst to SR 83 dually certified with I-90 .
1973–1975 : OH 2 Alt is deleted as discontinuous sections of Route 2 are moved from US 6 to I-90 .
1976 : From Ceylon to west of Amherst upgraded to freeway .
1977 : From SR 83 to Rocky River upgraded to freeway and dually certified with I-90 .
August 30 , 1990 : From Huron to Ceylon upgraded to freeway .
Major intersections
Auxiliary routes
SR 2 Temporary
State Route 2 temporary was a designation that ran from West 6th to East 9th along Lakeside ave. in downtown Cleveland . The designation was added when the final alignments of SR 2 were moved to the then new Lakeside Highway , later referred to as the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway . The route 's eastern terminus was moved to Public Square via Ontario St. in 1957 .
SR 2C
State Route 2C is an unsigned connecting road that runs from State Route 163 to State Route 2 and State Route 53 near Port Clinton in Ottawa County , Ohio . State Route 2C was constructed as an access road for the SR 2–SR 163 interchange .
SR 2D
State Route 2D is part of a couplet in Wauseon , Ohio that is signed as State Route 2 . SR 2D is signed as SR 2 westbound , while SR 2 is signed as SR 2 eastbound , ( except west of East Elm Street , where SR 2D meets SR 2 at its western terminus ) . The route ends at the corner of East Linfoot Street and North Shoop Avenue .
Cultural references
In the 2014 film Captain America : The Winter Soldier , the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway is used to depict a freeway in Washington , D.C .
Gallery
References
External links
002
Transportation in Defiance County , Ohio
Transportation in Williams County , Ohio
Transportation in Fulton County , Ohio
Transportation in Lucas County , Ohio
Transportation in Ottawa County , Ohio
Transportation in Erie County , Ohio
Transportation in Lorain County , Ohio
Transportation in Cuyahoga County , Ohio
Transportation in Lake County , Ohio
Transportation in Toledo , Ohio
Transportation in Cleveland
U.S. Route 6
U.S. Route 20
Christopher Wilson ( born 1947 ) is a journalist , novelist ( as TP Fielden ) , and biographer .
Life
Wilson was born in Lancashire in 1947 , the son of a naval officer . He was educated at Bedford Modern School .
Wilson began his career at the Bedfordshire Times before moving to Fleet Street to work for the Daily Mail and the Sunday Telegraph . He subsequently worked for ITV as one of the first environment correspondents .
After ITV , Wilson returned to Fleet Street as diplomatic correspondent of the Daily Express , later becoming the William Hickey columnist , a position previously held by Nigel Dempster . Following his tenure at the Daily Express , Wilson continued his career as a columnist for The Times , The Daily Telegraph and Today before becoming a full-time royal biographer .
Wilson lectures on the British Royal Family and is a regular contributor to TV documentaries and debates on the subject . He has been associate producer of three Channel Four documentaries on royalty .
In 2009 he was appointed a Visiting Lecturer at the University of Winchester .
In February 2017 , as TP Fielden , he published The Riviera Express ( HarperCollins/HQ ) , first in a series of 1950s murder mysteries featuring Miss Dimont , former naval Intelligence officer turned local newspaper reporter . The second in the series , Resort To Murder , was due for publication in November 2017 .
Student journalism
As a result of the death of a young colleague in the 1983 Harrods bombing , Wilson founded in conjunction with St Edmund Hall , Oxford , the Philip Geddes Awards . These encourage student journalists into the profession , and form the core of British journalism 's longest-established independent charity which , since its inception , has granted would-be writers prize money worth over £100,000 . In recognition of this work Wilson was elected an honorary member of St Edmund Hall 's senior common room in 1998 .
The Three Printers
Wilson was instrumental in the rescue of the only public monument to journalism , Three Printers by Wilfred Dudeney ( 1911–1989 ) . Originally sited in New Street Square behind Fleet Street , the sculpture disappeared during the square 's 2005 redevelopment and was destined for a builder 's crusher until his intervention . It is now re-sited in the public gardens of the Goldsmiths ' Company in Gresham Street , London EC2 .
Publications
Dancing with the Devil : The Windsors and Jimmy Donahue , by Christopher Wilson . Published by St Martin 's Griffin , 2002
The Windsor Knot : Charles , Camilla , and the Legacy of Diana , by Christopher Wilson . Published by Pinnacle , 2002
A Greater Love , by Christopher Wilson . Published by William Morrow & Co , 1994
Absolutely… Goldie , by Christopher Wilson . Published by HarperCollins Entertainment , 1999
By Invitation Only , by Christopher Wilson and Richard Young . Published by Quartet Books , 1981
Diana v Charles , by Christopher Wilson and James Whitaker
The Riviera Express ( as TP Fielden ) . Published by HarperCollins/HQ , 2017
Around the World in 80 Years , by Christopher Wilson and Arne Larsson . Published by Ankroon Publishing , 2002
References
External links
Christopher Wilson – Author , Broadcaster & Journalist
1947 births
Living people
British journalists
British biographers
People educated at Bedford Modern School
Mesciçele is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 246 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
Sandwich Glass Museum is a glass museum in Sandwich , Massachusetts , featuring a wide range of rare glass , including glass from the local Boston & Sandwich Glass Factory which was founded in Sandwich by Deming Jarves in 1825 . The Sandwich glass works primarily manufactured pressed lead-based glass , and was known for its use of color . The museum also has a live glass blower , and exhibits detailing the creation and coloring of various types of rare glass .
It has a furnace for clear glass heated to 2200 deg F that it runs 24x7 that shuts down only five years , and a computerized annealing oven to slowly cool down over a full day any new creations to help prevent cracking .
The live demo has variety of what 's being created depending on time of year and nearby holidays , includes glass-blowing , shaping , mold-forming and adding bits of glass color , and the museum also has a historical movie that plays once per hour , and otherwise is a series of galleries each focused on a time period or glass creation techniques .
There is a shop at the end featuring consignment and museum-created items .
References
External
Sandwich Glass Museum
Museums in Barnstable County , Massachusetts
Art museums and galleries in Massachusetts
Glass museums and galleries in the United States
Buildings and structures in Sandwich , Massachusetts
Gommatsāra is one of the most important Jain texts authored by Acharya Nemichandra Siddhanta Chakravarti .
History
Gommatsāra was written by Nemichandra in 10th century CE in Prakrit . It is based on the major Jain text , Shatkhandagam written by the Acharya Bhutabali and Acharya Pushpadant . Sermons on Gommatasara was delivered in 1635 by Rupchand Pande , teacher of Hemraj Pande .
Content
Gommatasara provides a detailed summary of Digambara doctorine . It is also called Pancha Sangraha , a collection of five topics :
That which is bound , i.e. , the Soul ( Bandhaka ) ;
That which is bound to the soul ;
That which binds ;
The varieties of bondage ;
The cause of bondage .
The first of these , namely , ( Bandhaka ) i. e. , the mundane soul forms the subject-matter of Jiva Kanda ( description of the soul ) . The other four form the subject-matter of Karma Kanda .
See also
Karma in Jainism
References
Citations
Sources
Alt URL
Jain texts
Sandra Eilene Black ( born 1969 ) is a Professor of Economics and International and Public Affairs at Columbia University . She received her B.A . from UC Berkeley and her Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University . Since that time , she worked as an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , and as an assistant , associate , and ultimately full professor in the Department of Economics at UCLA before arriving at the University of Texas at Austin in 2010 . She is currently a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) , a research affiliate at IZA Institute of Labor Economics , and a nonresident senior fellow at Brookings Institution . She served as a Member of Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers from August 2015 to January 2017 .
Research
Her research focuses on the role of early life experiences on the long-run outcomes of children , as well as issues of gender and discrimination .
Selected works
Black , Sandra E. , and Lisa M. Lynch . `` How to compete : the impact of workplace practices and information technology on productivity . '' Review of Economics and statistics 83 , no . 3 ( 2001 ) : 434-445 .
Black , Sandra E. `` Do better schools matter ? Parental valuation of elementary education . '' The Quarterly Journal of Economics 114 , no . 2 ( 1999 ) : 577-599 .
Black , Sandra E. , and Lisa M. Lynch . `` Human-capital investments and productivity . '' The American economic review 86 , no . 2 ( 1996 ) : 263-267 .
Black , Sandra E. , Paul J. Devereux , and Kjell G. Salvanes . `` The more the merrier ? The effect of family size and birth order on children 's education . '' The Quarterly Journal of Economics 120 , no . 2 ( 2005 ) : 669-700 .
Black , Sandra E. , Paul J. Devereux , and Kjell G. Salvanes . `` From the cradle to the labor market ? The effect of birth weight on adult outcomes . '' The Quarterly Journal of Economics 122 , no . 1 ( 2007 ) : 409-439 .
References
External links
Personal website
1969 births
21st-century American economists
American women economists
Education economists
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Labor economists
Living people
University of California , Berkeley alumni
University of California , Los Angeles faculty
United States Council of Economic Advisers
University of Texas at Austin faculty
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century American women
Brookings Institution people
Columbia University faculty
The International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation ( ISHLT ) , established in 1981 , is a professional organization committed to research and education in heart and lung disease and transplantation . It holds annual scientific meetings and publishes The Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation . It also holds the world 's the largest registry of heart and lung transplant data .
Origin
The initial idea for the society came about at a meeting in November 1980 in Miami , Florida , during the annual meeting of the American Heart Association , and was led by Michael L. Hess . The International Society of Heart Transplantation had formed earlier in 1973 . Other founding members include Edward Stinson , Andrea Hastillo , Jacques Losman , Mark Thompson , Jack Copeland , Sir Terence English , Stuart Jamieson and Michael Kaye . The first official meeting was held in 1981 .
In 1981 , cardiac transplantation pioneer Norman Shumway , became the lifetime honorary president and thereafter , the society widened its membership internationally and across specialities including pathology .
Registry
The ISHLT holds a record of over 120,000 heart transplants performed between 1967 and 2020 .
ISHLT Awards
Philip K. Caves award
Since 1982 , the ISHLT has awarded one of its highest awards in the name of surgeon Philip Caves , who pioneered the procedure of transvenous endomyocardial biopsy to assess for rejection following heart transplantation .
Lifetime achievement awards
The ISHLT lifetime achievement award is given to those whose lifetime work has `` made a significant contribution toward improving the care of patients with advanced heart or lung disease '' In its thirty eight year history , only seven have been awarded .
Norman Shumway received the first award in 1996 .
Keith Reemtsma received the ISHLT Lifetime Achievement Award in 1999 .
In 2012 , Sharon Hunt , who has published more than 200 papers related to particularly organ rejection , post-operative care and bridge-to-transplant , was awarded the ISHLT Lifetime achievement award .
In 2014 , the award was bestowed to Sir Terence English for `` outstanding achievements and tireless dedication in the field of heart and lung transplantation '' . He served as a Cardiothoracic Surgeon to Papworth and Addenbrooke Hospital , between 1972 and 1995 .
In 2018 , the seventh ISHLT lifetime achievement award was presented to O. H. Frazier for his pioneering work in the treatment of severe heart failure , and in the development and innovation of heart transplantation and artificial devices .
Michael Hess received the award in 2021 .
ISHLT lifetime service award
Kaye received this in 1996 and Losman in 1997 .
ISHLT O.H . Frazier award
Since 2014 , the ISHLT `` O.H . Frazier Award '' , a grant in Mechanical Circulatory Systems Translational Research has been awarded , initially sponsored by HeartWare and later sponsored by Medtronic .
ISHLT pioneer award
The first 'pioneer award ' was awarded to Vladimir Demikhov on 25 April 1989 in Munich , Germany , by Christian Cabrol . Twenty years later , in 2009 , Cabrol received the 'pioneer award ' .
ISHLT distinguished educator award
In 2014 , the first distinguished educator award was awarded to James Kirklin .
Past presidents
1981–1990
1990–2001
2000–2011
2010 onwards
References
Further reading
English T. Chapter 2 : the Genesis of ISHLT . In : Kirklin JK , Mehra M , West LJ , eds . ISHLT monograph series , Volume 4 : The history of international heart and lung transplantation . Elsevier Publishers , Philadelphia , PA , pp 37-43 .
External links
ISHLT history archives
The Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation
Transplant organizations
Organizations established in 1981
Tim Gilbertson ( born 1987 ) is a Canadian power pop singer-songwriter based in Edmonton , Alberta . He plays guitar , bass guitar , and piano . His musical influences include The Weakerthans and Modest Mouse .
Biography
Gilbertson was born in Hinton , later living in Edmonton , Alberta , Gilbertson comes from a musical family , with mother playing piano and father playing guitar . Tim Gilbertson is the youngest of the children , and the only one not to have received formal music training . One brother , Eric , is a drummer and the other , David , is a rhythm guitarist . His sister is a music teacher .
Gilbertson earned a Master 's degree in Geology and Geophysics from the University of Alberta , and runs a media production company Paper Tiger Media
Debut
The debut Tim Gilbertson was released on Pop Echo Records in 2007 . Produced and engineered by Andrew Shaw , the album was recorded in Burnaby , British Columbia , in July–August 2006 . Gilbertson 's brother Eric played drums for the album .
The critical reception was generally positive , with Exclaim ! saying , `` There 's joyfulness to his songs , from their nice , crunchy guitars to the unforced vocals , and despite a couple of weaker moments , this is an incredibly accomplished piece of work . '' Vue Weekly wrote , `` The album is both melancholy and catchy '' . The Edmonton Journal '' 's critic called the track `` Palm Trees and Postcards '' one of her top five favourite songs of 2007 .
Track listing
All songs were written by Tim Gilbertson .
`` Palm Trees & Postcards ''
`` Hot Damn ! ''
`` Analogue ''
`` Get Going ''
`` Bike Ride ''
`` Wasting Air ''
`` Long Walk ''
`` Sick to the Stomach ''
`` Kissin ' Cousins ''
`` Counting Stars ''
`` All Our Guns ''
Palisades
His second album , Palisades , was released on Pop Echo in 2010 . It was recorded in Edmonton . The lead single is `` Chipped Teeth '' .
References
External links
Tim Gilbertson official site
Tim Gilbertson on CBC Radio 3
Tim Gilbertson album review ( 2007-08-02 ) in Fast Forward Weekly ''
1987 births
Living people
People from Yellowhead County
Canadian rock singers
Canadian rock guitarists
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian songwriters
Musicians from Alberta
Writers from Alberta
21st-century Canadian guitarists
21st-century Canadian male singers
Calhoun High School is a public high school in Calhoun , Georgia , United States , serving grades 9-12 for the Calhoun City School District . It is accredited by the Georgia Accrediting Commission and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools , and is a member of Georgia High School Association . It is located near downtown Calhoun in Gordon County .
Awards
Calhoun was named a Silver Medal school in the `` Best High Schools '' category by U.S. News & World Report in 2009 .
The Calhoun debate team won the 2008-2009 state debate championship ( AA ) . The Calhoun teams combined for a 9-3 record against other finalists from single-A through triple-A schools , which gave them the AA division title .
Athletics
Calhoun offers basketball , baseball , competition cheerleading , cross-country , football , golf , soccer , softball , swim team , tennis , track , wrestling , and volleyball . Several teams , including softball , baseball , golf , football , track , and cheerleading , have won state championships . As of the 2020-2021 regional alignments by GHSA , Calhoun High School is in Georgia Region 7-AAAAA .
The team mascot ( the Yellow Jacket ) was chosen due to the school 's proximity to the Georgia Institute of Technology . Each year Calhoun pays royalties of 1 US dollar to Georgia Tech for the use of the mascot and its likeness . Calhoun calls its mascot `` Stinger '' rather than `` Buzz '' .
Football
Calhoun football home games are played at Phil Reeve Stadium on the school campus near downtown . The stadium is named for C.P . `` Phil '' Reeve , the guitar player and founding member of the Georgia Yellow Hammers , an early 20th-century `` old-time '' band from Gordon County .
The Jackets won their first football state title since the 1952 season in 2011 with a 27-24 overtime victory against Buford . The Yellow Jackets have won 19 straight region titles ( 2001–2018 ) , and have made the Georgia State Football Playoffs every year since the 2000 season .
State championships - 1952 ( class C ) , 2011 ( AA ) , 2014 ( AAA ) , 2017 ( AAA ) .
Region titles - 1950 , 1951 , 1995 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013,2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 .
Baseball
The baseball team has won three state titles ( 2000 , 2005 , 2010 ) .
State championships - 1974 ( A ) , 2000 ( A ) , 2005 ( AA ) . 2010 ( AA )
Region titles -1968 , 1973 , 1974 , 1996 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2012 , 2014
Girls ' softball
The Lady Jackets softball team has won four state championships ( back-to-back-to-back , the only sport in Calhoun history to win three in a row ) .
2013 ( AA ) , 2014 ( AAA ) , 2015 ( AAA ) , 2017 ( AAA ) . The Lady Jackets were State Runner-Ups in 1998 , 2008 , and 2016 . The Lady Jackets have won region titles in 1987 , 1995 , 1998 , 1999 , 2000,2007 , 2008 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 and 2018 .
Cheerleading
Calhoun High School Competition Cheerleaders won state championships in 2006 , 2007 , 2009 , 2010 , 2013 , and 2014 , while receiving state runner-up honors in 2004 and 2008 .
Girls ' golf
The Lady Jackets golf team has won back-to-back state championships in golf . ( 2015 AAA , 2016 AAA )
Notable alumni
Charlie Culberson , Major League Baseball player for the Texas Rangers & 2015 inductee into the Calhoun-Gordon County Sports Hall of Fame
Kris Durham , former NFL player
Antonio Fleming , former NFL player
Adam Griffith , former Alabama Crimson Tide placekicker
Riley Gunnels , former NFL player
James Beverly Langford , Georgia state legislator
Monty Powell , country songwriter , producer for Alabama , Diamond Rio , Tim McGraw , and Keith Urban
Da'Rick Rogers , former NFL player and current wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League
Josh Smoker , MLB player who played for the New York Mets
References
Public high schools in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Schools in Gordon County , Georgia
1902 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Educational institutions established in 1902
Connor Charles Hellebuyck ( ; born May 19 , 1993 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He was selected by the Jets in the fifth round , 130th overall , of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft .
Playing career
Amateur
After completing his high school career at Walled Lake Northern High School in Commerce Township , Michigan , Hellebuyck played one year of junior hockey as a member of the Odessa Jackalopes , a franchise that had been a minor league affiliate of the New York Islanders but had recently moved to junior hockey as part of the North American Hockey League ( NAHL ) . Hellebuyck went from being virtually unknown to a top prospect while playing in Odessa , and was drafted by the Winnipeg Jets following his season in Odessa .
Hellebuyck earned a scholarship to play for the UMass Lowell River Hawks in the NCAA Men 's Division I Hockey East Conference , where in two seasons he played 54 games and compiled a 38–12–2 record with a .946 save percentage , 1.60 goals against average and 12 shutouts . He won the Hockey East Championship and made a Frozen Four appearance in his freshman year . Lowell would repeat as Hockey East Champions the following year and Hellebuyck became the only player in Hockey East history to be named tournament MVP twice . Following his second year , Hellebuyck 's outstanding play was rewarded with a selection to the 2013–14 Hockey East First Team .
For the 2013–14 season , Hellebuyck was awarded the inaugural Mike Richter Award as the top goaltender in college hockey . Hellebuyck departed UMass Lowell as the school 's shutout leader with 12 shutouts in 54 games , surpassing former National Hockey League and former UMass Lowell goaltender Carter Hutton . He also owns single-season records for best save percentage ( .952 ) and GAA ( 1.37 ) , both in 2012–13 .
Professional
Hellebuyck chose to forgo his final two years of college eligibility when he signed a three-year , entry-level contract with the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) on April 5 , 2014 . In the 2014–15 season , he played his first full professional season with the Jets ' American Hockey League ( AHL ) affiliate , the St. John 's IceCaps and was selected to the 2015 AHL All-Star Game serving as the Eastern Conference starter . Hellebuyck was called up by the Jets late in the regular season to dress as the backup goaltender for one game . On November 22 , 2015 , the Jets called up Hellebuyck after Ondřej Pavelec was injured during a game against the Arizona Coyotes . On November 27 , 2015 , Hellebuyck won his first NHL game , against the Minnesota Wild . On December 27 , Hellebuyck recorded his first NHL shutout in a 1–0 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Hellebuyck made the 2016–17 Jets ahead of Ondřej Pavelec . During his first season as a starter , Hellebuyck posted a 26–19–4 record in 56 games .
On July 24 , 2017 , the Jets re-signed Hellebuyck to a one-year contract worth $ 2.25 million .
In the 2017–18 season , Hellebuyck posted a 44–11–9 record in 67 games , setting the record for the most single-season wins by an American goaltender in the NHL , previously held by Tom Barrasso of the 1992 title-winning Pittsburgh Penguins , as well as the record for most single-season home ice wins by an NHL goaltender , previously tied at 29 by Miikka Kiprusoff and Evgeni Nabokov . On April 17 , 2018 , Hellebuyck was named a Vezina Trophy finalist as the league 's top goaltender . He was the runner-up to Nashville Predators goaltender Pekka Rinne .
On July 12 , 2018 , Hellebuyck signed a six-year , $ 37 million ( worth an average annual value of $ 6.167 million ) contract extension with the Jets .
In the 2019–20 season , Hellebuyck was second in the NHL in wins ( 31 ) , first in shutouts ( six ) , and seventh in save percentage ( .922 ) among goalies who played at least 20 games . He was 31–21–5 with a 2.57 goals-against average and allowed two or fewer goals in 32 of his 58 games to help the Jets ( 37–28–6 , .563 points percentage ) advance to the Stanley Cup Qualifiers . On July 17 , 2020 , Hellebuyck was named a Vezina Trophy finalist as the league 's top goaltender along with Boston Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask and Tampa Bay Lightning goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy . On September 21 , 2020 , before Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Finals , Hellebuyck was named the winner of the Vezina Trophy for the 2019–20 season , becoming the first goalie in Winnipeg Jets/Atlanta Thrashers history to win the award .
On February 4 , 2021 , Hellebuyck won his 153rd NHL game as the Jets beat the Calgary Flames 4–1 , breaking the Jets/Thrashers franchise record for wins by a goaltender , previously held by Ondřej Pavelec .
On April 24 , 2022 , Hellebuyck played in his 380th game as a Winnipeg Jet and he earned his 200th career victory ( also as a Winnipeg Jet ) as the Jets beat the Colorado Avalanche 4–1 .
International play
Hellebuyck was chosen by the United States to play at the 2015 Men 's World Ice Hockey Championships . Hellebuyck would backstop Team USA to a Bronze Medal in the tourney . Hellebuyck posted a record of 7–1–0 with a pair of shutouts during his eight tournament games . He would also finish with a 1.37 goals-against average and a .948 saving percentage . His seven wins tied a U.S. record for most in a single tournament set in 1939 . Hellebuyck had been named to the initial roster of Team North America for the 2016 World Cup of Hockey .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American men 's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey players from Michigan
Manitoba Moose players
Odessa Jackalopes players
People from Commerce , Michigan
St. John 's IceCaps players
UMass Lowell River Hawks men 's ice hockey players
Winnipeg Jets draft picks
Winnipeg Jets players
National Hockey League All-Stars
Vezina Trophy winners
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
The list of shipwrecks in November 1875 includes ships sunk , foundered , grounded , or otherwise lost during November 1875 .
1 November
2 November
3 November
4 November
5 November
6 November
7 November
8 November
9 November
10 November
11 November
12 November
13 November
14 November
15 November
16 November
17 November
18 November
19 November
20 November
21 November
22 November
23 November
24 November
25 November
26 November
27 November
28 November
29 November
30 November
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram , C. W. N. , and Wheatley , P. O. , ( 1936 ) Shipwrecks : New Zealand disasters 1795–1936 . Dunedin , NZ : Dunedin Book Publishing Association .
1875-11
Maritime incidents in November 1875
Edwards County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . As of the 2010 census , the population was 6,721 . Its county seat is Albion .
History
Edwards County was named for Ninian Edwards , the governor of the Illinois Territory , and , later , governor of Illinois .
Edwards County is subdivided into `` Road Districts '' , rather than `` Townships '' as in most Illinois counties . Pursuant to the Land Ordinance of 1785 , the Northwest Territory ( including Illinois ) was surveyed and mostly organized into townships that are six miles square ; but Edwards County was settled prior to that survey , and its pre-existing Road Districts do not generally correspond with the survey 's townships .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water . It is the fourth-smallest county in Illinois by area .
When Edwards County was formed in 1814 , it comprised nearly half of the State of Illinois . New counties were formed from it until , in 1824 , it assumed its present form from the creation of Wabash County . The two are the fourth and fifth smallest counties in Illinois .
Edwards County is separated from Wabash County by the Bonpas Creek .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Albion have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1982 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in April .
Major highways
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 15
Illinois Route 130
Adjacent counties
Richland County ( north )
Wabash County ( east )
White County ( south )
Wayne County ( west )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 6,721 people , 2,840 households , and 1,926 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 3,187 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.0 % white , 0.4 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.1 % American Indian , 0.3 % from other races , and 0.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 26.8 % were German , 22.4 % were English , 13.3 % were American , and 8.4 % were Irish .
Of the 2,840 households , 28.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.8 % were married couples living together , 8.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.2 % were non-families , and 28.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.86 . The median age was 42.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,430 and the median income for a family was $ 51,337 . Males had a median income of $ 40,183 versus $ 27,295 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,113 . About 10.6 % of families and 12.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.1 % of those under age 18 and 12.3 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Albion ( seat )
Grayville ( Partially in White County )
Villages
Bone Gap
Browns
West Salem
Unincorporated Communities
Bennington
Black
Ellery
Maple Grove
Marion
Red Top
Samsville
Politics
Edwards County is one of the most consistently Republican counties in the nation . It has voted for the Republican candidate in all Presidential elections from 1856 to present , except in 1912 when the party was divided and Theodore Roosevelt won the county as the “ Bull Moose ” Progressive candidate . In the last five Presidential elections no Democratic candidate has reached 34 percent of the county 's vote . Edwards County also holds the distinction of having the lowest percentage of any Illinois county of votes for governor Pat Quinn , a Democrat , in his failed 2014 reelection bid . Quinn lost 101 of the 102 counties in Illinois , capturing only 13.7 % of the vote in Edwards County . Hillary Clinton fared even worse in 2016 with only 13.1 percent of the county 's ballots .
In other positions the county has been not been consistently Republican for as long , but nevertheless has been so for many years . The last Democratic Senatorial candidate it backed was Alan J. Dixon in 1986 and the last Democratic gubernatorial candidate it supported was Glenn Poshard , who carried all of Southern Illinois in his failed 1998 bid . Edwards County lies in Illinois 's 15th congressional district , which has Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+21 and has been represented by Republican Mary Miller since 2021 . In more local positions the county is in the 109th district of the Illinois House of Representatives so is represented by Republican Darren Bailey and is in the Illinois Senate it lies in the 55th district and is represented by Republican Dale Righter .
Edwards County is a dry county , with multiple referenda to allow alcohol sales failing in the mid-1990s . The portion of Grayville , Illinois that lies within Edwards County does allow alcohol sales per Grayville city ordinance .
References
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names ( GNIS )
United States National Atlas
External links
Edwards County precincts and their boundaries
Illinois counties
1814 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1814
Edwards County , Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Temognatha aestimata is a jewel beetle in the family Buprestidae , found in Victoria .
It was first described in 1898 by Charles Kerremans as Stigmodera aestimata .
The adults are diurnal , and eat flowers . The larvae are wood-borers .
See also
Woodboring beetle
References
Insects of Australia
Buprestidae
Woodboring beetles
Beetles described in 1898
Acronia nigra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1947 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1947
Ziv Kalontarov ( also `` Kalontorov '' , `` Kaluntarov '' , and `` Kalntrov '' ; ; born 15 January 1997 ) is an Israeli Olympic swimmer and the reigning European Games champion in the 50 m freestyle .
In April 2015 , Kalontarov won the International School Sport Federation ( ISF ) Swimming World Schools Championship in both the 50 m freestyle ( in 22.39 ) and the 100 m freestyle ( in 50.49 ) in Poznań , Poland . At the age of 18 representing Israel at the 2015 European Games in Baku , Azerbaijan , he won a gold medal with a European Games record time of 22.16 in the 50 m freestyle and thereby won the European Junior Swimming Championships , on 27 June 2015 . His time in the final established a new senior Israeli national swimming record in the 50 m freestyle . It qualified him to represent Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Biography
Kalontarov was born in Rishon LeZion , Israel , to parents Gary and Tatyana . He attended Makif Omer High School , and his nickname is `` Zu '' .
Swimming career
When Kalontarov was young , his mother Tatyana trained him , and his father Gary is now his coach . He trains about 21 hours per week .
In July 2014 , he came in sixth in the European Junior Championships Men 's 50 m freestyle , and 8th in the Men 's 100 m freestyle .
Kalontarov won the 2015 International School Sport Federation ( ISF ) Swimming World Schools Championship in both the 50 m freestyle ( in 22.39 ) and the 100 m freestyle ( in 50.49 ) in Poznań , Poland , on 19 April 2015 .
At the age of 18 , Kalontarov represented Israel at the 2015 European Games in Baku , Azerbaijan . He won a gold medal with a European Games record time of 22.16 in the 50 m freestyle and thereby won the European Junior Swimming Championships , on 27 June 2015 , after also having the fastest times in both the heat and semi-final of the event . His time in the final established a new senior Israeli national swimming record in the 50 m freestyle , breaking the old record of 22.54 that he himself had set two months earlier , as well as a new personal record for Kalontarov and .16 of a second off the youth world record . He also came in sixth in the 100 m freestyle final . He was selected to carry the Israeli flag at the closing ceremony .
The race result placed him in the top 20 in the world . It also qualified Kalontarov to represent Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , which he did .
See also
List of Israeli records in swimming
Sports in Israel
References
External links
`` Israel 's Kalontarov wins Men 's 50m Freestyle | Swimming | Baku 2015 European Games '' ( video ) , Baku 2015 European Games , 27 June 2015
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rishon LeZion
Israeli male freestyle swimmers
European Games gold medalists for Israel
European Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
Olympic swimmers of Israel
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Donald Graham Smith ( born May 9 , 1958 ) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who won a silver medal in the men 's 4x100-metre medley relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Quebec . He did so alongside teammates Stephen Pickell , Clay Evans and Gary MacDonald . His brother George and sister Becky also competed in swimming .
At the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton , Alberta , he became the first competitor to win six gold medals at a single Commonwealth Games ; he won the 100- and 200-metre breaststroke , 200- and 400-metre individual medleys , and was part of the winning 4x100-metre freestyle and 4x100-metre medley relay teams . Smith twice broke the world record in the men 's 200-metre individual medley ( long course ) .
He also won an NCAA national swimming championship at the University of California , Berkeley .
Smith was inducted into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 1978 .
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming ( men )
List of Olympic medalists in swimming ( men )
List of University of California , Berkeley alumni
World record progression 200 metres individual medley
References
1958 births
Living people
California Golden Bears men 's swimmers
Canadian male breaststroke swimmers
Canadian male medley swimmers
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
World record setters in swimming
Lou Marsh Trophy winners
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Canada
Olympic swimmers of Canada
Swimmers from Edmonton
Swimmers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 1979 Pan American Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Universiade medalists in swimming
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Medalists at the 1977 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1979 Pan American Games
Statistics of Guam League in the 1993 season .
Overview
University of Guam won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Hamilton Valley is a suburb of the city of Albury , New South Wales , located north-west of the Albury Central Business District and west of Lavington . At the , Hamilton Valley had a population of 566 , although the area covered in the Census includes Splitters Creek and does not include some parts of Hamilton Valley . As a result , the population was probably closer to 450 .
Hamilton Valley lies in a valley that broadly separates the Nail Can Hill and Black Ranges . It is surrounded by Table Top/Ettamogah to the north , Lavington to the east , Splitters Creek to the west and Glenroy to the south .
Features of the area include the Panthers Lavington Sports Club and the Glenmorus Gardens Cemetery and Crematorium .
Geography
Hamilton Valley is a developing residential suburb but has large rural areas . The valley is located on a branch of the Bungambrawatha Creek heading out towards Jindera . It is bound by Urana Road , Reservoir Road to the east , Glenroy to the south and Splitters Creek to the west .
Sport
Hamilton Valley plays host to the Lavington Sports Ground which is the ground of the Lavington Panthers Football Club .
Residents
At the , the population of Hamilton Valley was 566 ; however the area covered is considerably different from that of the real suburb ( see above ) . The most common religion was Catholic , followed by Anglican , and the average household income was $ 1,472 , above the Australian average of $ 1,438 . The median age was 31 .
References
Suburbs of Albury , New South Wales
Money Island ( ; ) is the southwesternmost island in the Crescent Group of the Paracel Islands archipelago . It rises to a height of 6 metres and is covered with brush . At the eastern side of the island lies an extensive reef , which contains a central lagoon , but the reef is mostly submerged at high tide . Inside the lagoon , the open areas range in depth from . The sand cay at the southeastern extremity of reef is the reef 's highest point . The channel between Money Island 's reef and Antelope Reef is about wide . The reef continues around to the north side of the island . There is a small reef on the south side with a man-made channel cut through it to the beach .
Money Island was named after William Taylor Money , the Superintendent of the Bombay Marine ( a forerunner of the Royal Indian Navy ) from 1803-1810 . The name was conferred by the British surveyor of the Paracel Islands Captain Daniel Ross . Ross 's ship , the Antelope , gave its name to the nearby Antelope Reef . The Chinese names ( e.g . Jin Yin Dao for Money Island ) are simple translations of the English names . The Vietnamese name Quang Ảnh dates from 1815 when the commander Phạm Quang Ảnh led the expedition to the islands in the reign of Emperor Gia Long .
Claim to the island , as part of the Paracels , has been made by the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) and Vietnam . While the island is uninhabited , patrols are made by the Navy of the People 's Republic of China , who have built a fisherman 's rest area there . It is believed that the south channel was cut by Chinese naval personnel .
See also
Paracel Islands
References
Paracel Islands
Territorial disputes of the Republic of China
Territorial disputes of Vietnam
Territorial disputes of China
Disputed territories in Asia
Atractonotus mulsanti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Atractonotus .
References
Anthiinae ( beetle )
This is a list of events that took place in 2020 relating to television in the United Kingdom .
Events
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Debuts
BBC
ITV
Channel 4
Channel 5
Other channels
Channels
New channels
New streaming services
Defunct channels
Rebranding channels
Television programmes
Changes of network affiliation
Returning this year after a break of one year or longer
Continuing television programmes
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
Ending this year
Deaths
References
British television
A choker setter or choke setter is a logger who attaches cables to logs for retrieval by skidders or skylines . The work process involves the choker setter wrapping a special cable end ( choker ) around a log and then moving clear so the yarding engineer ( e.g . skidder operator ) can pull the log to a central area . In clearcutting , fallers will typically cut down all the trees and limb and buck them into logs before the choke setters and others arrive to remove the logs .
Radio controlled
Old chokers were made of metal . New chokers are safer , quicker and thus more productive . They are also radio controlled .
See also
Donkey puncher
References
Further reading
External links
Information Technology Associates - Dictionary of Occupational Titles
Self-releasing log choker
Logging
Forestry occupations
Logging in the United States
Timber industry
is a train station in Ube , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan owned and operated by the West Japan Railway Company .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Siniša Mikuličić ( born October 16 , 1983 , in Rijeka ) is a Croatian sailor , who specialized in the Star class . He achieved his best results in the Star class , by finishing twelfth at the 2008 Star World Championships in Miami , Florida , along with his partner Marin Lovrović , Jr .
Mikulicic represented Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where he competed as a crew sailor for the Star class . He and his partner Lovrovic finished fifteenth at the end of ten preliminary races , with a net score of 98 points .
References
External links
Profile – Croatian Olympic Committee
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1983 births
Living people
Croatian male sailors ( sport )
Olympic sailors of Croatia
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Star
Sportspeople from Rijeka
A catalogue number ( British English ) or catalog number ( American English ) may refer to :
Any number used to identify an item in a catalog ( disambiguation ) , including :
Accession number ( disambiguation ) , in libraries and museums
Auction catalogue
Catalog number ( music ) , a number assigned by a record label
Satellite Catalog Number , a 5-digit number assigned by the US to satellites
Carlos Manuel Álvarez ( born 1989 ) is a Cuban writer .
Early life and education
Alvarez was born in Matanzas and studied journalism at the University of Havana .
Writing career
In 2016 , he cofounded the online magazine El Estornudo . He has published journalistic and opinion pieces in outlets such as the New York Times , BBC and Al Jazeera , and his stories have appeared in Gatopardo and El Malpensante . He won the 2013 Calendario Prize for his short story collection La tarde de los sucesos definitivos . In 2017 , he published La tribu . Retratos de Cuba , a collection of journalistic pieces on Cuba .
In 2016 he was named as one of the 20 best Latin American writers at the Guadalajara Book Fair and the following year , he was included in the Bogota39 list of the most promising young Latin American writers .
In 2020 he was arrested by the police in Havana , for reasons believed to be related to his journalistic activities and his participation in the San Isidro Movement .
Books
The Fallen : A Novel , 2019 . Translated by Frank Wynne , published by Fitzcarraldo Editions .
The Tribe : Portraits of Cuba , 2021 , a collection of essays about post-Castro Cuba , translated by Frank Wynne , to be published by Fitzcarraldo Editions
References
Cuban short story writers
1989 births
Living people
People from Matanzas
University of Havana alumni
Sauti za Busara ( in Swahili : `` Sounds of Wisdom '' ) is an African music festival , held every year in February in Zanzibar , Tanzania . It is centred in the Old Fort ( Ngome Kongwe ) , with fringe events taking place at the same time around Stone Town - including a carnival street parade ( Beni ) .
Sauti za Busara has become one of the largest music festivals in East Africa , with several hundreds of artists participating each year . It showcases a diverse and dynamic programme of exclusively African music and has over the years provided a stage for local Swahili talent , from Taarab legends like Bi Kidude and Culture Musical Club , to homegrown Tanzanian pop and hip-hop .
The twelfth edition of the festival took place in 2015 . However , the organisers have since announced their decision to cancel the 2016 edition due to shortage of funding . Despite the world-wide pandemic caused by Covid-19 , the festival took place in February 2021 .
See also
Music of Tanzania
Taarab
References
Tourist attractions in Zanzibar
Festivals in Tanzania
Music festivals in Tanzania
Music festivals in Africa
Hans Wiegel ( ; born 16 July 1941 ) is a retired Dutch politician of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) and businessperson .
Wiegel studied Law at the University of Amsterdam before switching to Political science obtaining a Bachelor of Social Science degree and worked as a freelance political pundit from July 1965 until April 1967 . Wiegel also served as Chairman of the political youth organisation JOVD from November 1965 until October 1966 . Wiegel became a Member of the House of Representatives shortly after election of 1967 taking office on 18 April 1967 serving as a frontbencher and spokesperson for Local Government Affairs . After the election of 1971 Party Leader and Parliamentary leader Molly Geertsema was appointed as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior in the Cabinet Biesheuvel I announced he was stepping down and Wiegel was anonymously selected as his successor taking office on 1 July 1971 . For the elections of 1972 and 1977 Wiegel served as Lijsttrekker ( top candidate ) and following a successful cabinet formation with Christian-democratic Leader Dries van Agt formed the Cabinet Van Agt–Wiegel with Wiegel appointed as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior taking office on 19 December 1977 .
For the election of 1981 Wiegel again served as Lijsttrekker but the following cabinet formation resulted in a coalition between the Christian-democrats and Labour Party and he returned to the House of Representatives as Parliamentary leader on 25 August 1981 . In April 1982 Wiegel unexpectedly announced he was stepping down as Leader following his nomination as the next Queen 's Commissioner of Friesland and endorsed rising star Ed Nijpels as his successor and was installed Queen 's Commissioner serving from 16 June 1982 until 1 February 1994 . Wiegel also became active in the private and public sectors as a corporate and non-profit director and served on several state commissions and councils on behalf of the government , and worked as a trade association executive serving as Chairman of the Brewers association from August 1984 until November 2012 , the Healthcare Insurance association from February 1994 until February 2012 and the Travel Companies association from May 1994 until June 1995 and as Vice Chairman of the Industry and Employers confederation ( VNO-NCW ) from May 2008 until February 2012 . Wiegel continued to be active in politics and was elected as a Member of the Senate after the Senate election of 1995 taking office on 13 June 1995 serving as a frontbencher and chairing the parliamentary committees for General Affairs and the Interior and as spokesperson for the Interior , Governmental Reforms and the Royal Family . In March 2000 Wiegel unexpectedly announced his retirement and resigned from the Senate on 1 April 2000 .
Wiegel semi-retired from active politics at 58 but continued to be active in the private and public sectors as a corporate and non-profit director and lobbyist , and worked as a occasional mediator for coalition agreements and political crisis 's and as a political pundit and columnist for De Telegraaf , Algemeen Dagblad and WNL . Wiegel was known for his abilities as a skillful debater and effective negotiator and continued to comment on political affairs as a statesman until he suffered a minor stroke in August 2019 which forced him to undergo rehabilitation . He holds the distinction as the second youngest-serving Party Leader and Parliamentary leader at the age of and the youngest-serving Deputy Prime Minister at the age of .
Early life
Hans Wiegel was born on 16 July 1941 in Amsterdam in the Province of North Holland in a secular family as the only son of Wilhelm Wiegel III ( born 21 March 1913 in Amsterdam ) and Sophia Maria Alberdina Smolenaars ( born 3 November 1915 in Cimahi in the Dutch East Indies ) . After completing gymnasium in Hilversum in 1959 , Wiegel started studying law at the University of Amsterdam . After a couple of months he switched his major to political science and earned a Candidate degree in 1965 . He decided not to pursue a master 's degree . Instead , he became involved in politics . Wiegel has been active within the youth wing of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy , the Youth Organisation Freedom and Democracy , of which he had been a member since 1961 . In 1963 he was appointed to its national board and served as Chairman from 1965 until 1966 .
Politics
In 1967 Wiegel was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives . In 1971 , when he was only thirty years old , he became the Leader of his party . During the period of the Cabinet Den Uyl Wiegel acted as the main Leader of the Opposition against the Cabinet and Prime Minister Joop den Uyl . In 1977 he negotiated the formation of the Cabinet Van Agt-Wiegel , in this cabinet he became Minister of the Interior and Deputy Prime Minister , Wiegel prepared the constitutional revision of 1983 .
In 1995 he was elected as a Member of the Senate . In 1999 Wiegel caused a short cabinet crisis by voting against the constitutional revision that would make national referendums possible . This crisis is called the Night of Wiegel . Wiegel left the Senate in 2000 , soon after the Night of Wiegel .
Wiegel led the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy in Dutch general election of 1972 , Dutch general election of 1977 , and Dutch General Election of 1981 . During his leadership the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy orientation shifted away from the upper class and towards the middle class and educated workers ; this led to electoral success .
In 1982 Wiegel left national politics . He was awarded honorary membership of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy and became Queen 's Commissioner of Friesland from 16 June 1982 until 1 February 1994 . During his period as Queen 's Commissioner Wiegel became known as the `` Oracle of Diever '' , because he played an important role advising the VVD and commenting on events in national politics . In 1986 Wiegel was asked to return to the Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations ; he refused , however .
Possible return to politics
On the evening of 6 May 2002 in Leeuwarden , he would be meeting with Pim Fortuyn , who saw a suitable Prime Minister in Wiegel . Earlier that day however , Fortuyn was assassinated in Hilversum .
In October 2005 the local branch of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy in Alphen aan den Rijn called all other local branches to sign a petition to get Wiegel back in active politics . More than 90 % of the branches supported this petition .
Wiegel wanted to announce whether he is making a comeback or not in March/April 2006 . However then leader Jozias van Aartsen stated in January 2006 that Wiegel most likely will be the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy 's candidate for Prime Minister in the 2007 elections . In the last years the Dutch press has speculated – he rarely responds to rumors – whether Wiegel will make a comeback .
On 8 March 2006 , the day after a poor showing of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy in the Dutch municipal elections of 2006 , Wiegel issued a press statement to the effect that he will not return to Dutch politics again .
On 22 November 2007 Wiegel was announced that he should go to the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy in a broad liberal movement together with the Party for Freedom of Geert Wilders , Rita Verdonk 's Proud of the Netherlands and the Democrats 66 . Besides Rita Verdonk none of these parties favor of this plan . On 15 September 2009 he repeated these words in the morning bulletin Goodmorning Netherlands Wiegel then called his party should seek cooperation with the Party for Freedom .
Thirty years after leaving national politics , Wiegel is still mentioned often as a potential Prime Minister . He still is very popular among People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy party members in the Netherlands . He has 'threatened ' to return to national politics a number of times , usually resulting in the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy going up in the polls . His opponents admonish this behaviour , implying that he is just trying to keep himself from being forgotten .
On 12 April 2010 during a broadcast of the Dutch TV program De Wereld Draait Door Wiegel humoristic joked to be the best Prime Minister the Netherlands never had . That view was shared by politician Joost Eerdmans on Wiegel 's seventieth birthday . On 29 May 2012 in an interview with the Algemeen Dagblad he expressed criticism on the agreement the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy and the Christian Democratic Appeal made with the Democrats 66 , GreenLeft and ChristianUnion on the budgetary crisis and called it `` a serious strategic error '' .
Personal
Wiegel married his first wife Jacqueline Francina `` Pien '' Frederiks ( born 9 September 1954 ) on 1 June 1973 . He had two children with her , Erik ( born 1975 ) and Marieke ( born 1977 ) . On 6 November 1980 tragedy struck when Pien Frederiks died of complications from suffering a car crash , she was twenty-six years old . She left her two young children behind Erik ( five ) and Marieke ( three ) . On 7 April 1982 Wiegel quietly remarried to his late wife 's older sister Marianne Frederiks ( born 21 September 1951 ) . On 6 January 2005 tragedy struck again for the now sixty-three-year-old Wiegel when , in a sad twist of fate , Marianne Frederiks died in a car crash at the age of fifty-three . From 2006 until 2010 Wiegel had a relationship with Madelon Spoor . Wiegel currently lives in a farm in Oudega , a small town in the municipality Súdwest-Fryslân in the Province of Friesland , he also owns a Pied-à-terre in The Hague .
On 6 August 2019 Wiegel announced that he had suffered a light stroke at his home and that he would be undergoing rehabilitation in the next few months .
Decorations
References
External links
Official
H. ( Hans ) Wiegel Parlement & Politiek
H. Wiegel ( VVD ) Eerste Kamer der Staten-Generaal
|-
1941 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Amsterdam
Chairmen of Trade associations of the Netherlands
Deputy Prime Ministers of the Netherlands
Dutch columnists
Dutch chief executives in the finance industry
Dutch chief executives in the food industry
Dutch chief executives in the healthcare industry
Dutch corporate directors
Dutch investors
Dutch lobbyists
Dutch nonprofit directors
Dutch nonprofit executives
Dutch political commentators
Dutch political writers
Dutch school administrators
Dutch speechwriters
Dutch stock traders
Dutch trade association executives
Grand Crosses of the Order of the Crown ( Belgium )
Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit
Grand Officers of the Order of Orange-Nassau
King 's and Queen 's Commissioners of Friesland
Knights of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Leaders of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
Members of the Senate ( Netherlands )
Members of the Social and Economic Council
Ministers of the Interior of the Netherlands
Politicians from Amsterdam
People from Blaricum
People from Súdwest-Fryslân
People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
University of Amsterdam alumni
Writers from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch businesspeople
20th-century Dutch male writers
20th-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch businesspeople
21st-century Dutch male writers
21st-century Dutch politicians
Suhum Municipal District is one of the thirty-three districts in the Eastern Region , Ghana . Originally it was formerly part of the then-larger Suhum-Kraboa-Coaltar District in 1988 , which was created from the former Suhum-Kraboa-Coaltar District Council , until the southern part of the district was split off to create Ayensuano District on 28 June 2012 ; thus the remaining part has been renamed as Suhum Municipal District , which was also elevated into municipal district assembly status in that same year . The municipality is located in the southern part of Eastern Region and has Suhum as its capital town .
Sources
References
Districts of the Eastern Region ( Ghana )
Pølsevogn ( e ) ( ) are hot dog stands that sell Danish style hot dogs , such as rød pølse , and sausages as street food . Today , some are mobile , and some are , despite their names , permanent structures . They are equipped with a small kitchen , boilers , an external desk and room for a pølsemand ( sausage-man ) preparing and selling hot dogs to passing customers . Pølsevogne are numerous across Denmark and are popular among Danes and tourists alike .
History
On 18 January 1921 , the first 6 pølsevogne entered the streets of Copenhagen . In the 1960s and 1970s there were more than 700 pølsevogne in Denmark . In 2021 , there were 100 .
Fare
Apart from Danish style hot dogs , sausage-wagons also sell a variety of sausages ( pork almost exclusively ) , and many also offers other types of Danish barbecue fast food like bøfsandwich , fransk hotdog and pølse i svøb and beverages like chocolate milk , soft drinks , coffee or beer . The mustard served in Denmark is strong , unsweetened and less sour than what is encountered elsewhere , and hot dogs and sausages also come with ketchup , Danish remoulade and a sweet soft bun . Danish style hot dogs has some regional variety . In most places they are served with pickled cucumbers , while other places serve them with pickled red cabbage .
The immigration and gradual integration of immigrants have also influenced this Danish tradition and resulted in a Halal Pølsevogn being opened in Nørrebro , Copenhagen .
Outside Denmark
Danish themed hot dog stands can be found in more and more countries throughout the world . 130 pølsevogne exist in Russia alone . Other countries with Pølsevogne include Norway , Sweden , Finland , Germany , the United Kingdom , Spain and as far away as Singapore . Many of these exist due to large Danish permanent or tourist community . Pølsevogne have also been known to travel with Danish groups to events like the Le Mans 24-hour race .
Some pølsevogne have made trips to and around other countries . This includes a cross-country trip through the United States , collecting money for charity , and a 2213 km Copenhagen-Paris trip , as part of a bet with a main supplier of hot dog buns .
Gallery
References
External links
Restaurants by type
Hot dog restaurants
Danish cuisine
Food trucks
Tsuen Wan Community Network ( ) is a local political group based in Tsuen Wan founded in 2015 . In a historic pro-democracy landslide in 2019 District Council election , the group won one seat in the Tsuen Wan District Council .
History
The group was formed in 2015 as a Tsuen Wan-based community group . Its leader Lam Sek-tim ran in the 2015 District Council election against Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong ( DAB ) legislator Chan Han-pan in Yeung Uk Road but lost . It was part of the Community Network Union , a localist political alliance of six community groups led by pro-independence Ventus Lau . The Tsuen Wan Community Network later quit the Union in 2018 .
Lam Sek-tim ran in Yeung Uk Road in the 2019 District Council election again and defeated Chan Han-pan 's successor Ng Chun-yu with narrow margin of 174 votes in the pro-democracy historic landslide victory .
Electoral performance
Tsuen Wan District Council elections
References
External links
Political organisations based in Hong Kong
Political parties established in 2015
2015 establishments in Hong Kong
Liberal parties in Hong Kong
Localist parties in Hong Kong
The 1972–73 season was the 49th season in the existence of AEK Athens F.C . and the 14th consecutive season in the top flight of Greek football . They competed in the Alpha Ethniki , the Greek Cup and the UEFA Cup . The season began on 13 September 1972 and finished on 3 June 1973 .
Overview
The declining course of AEK Athens continued during the period 1972–73 . Important players such as Petros Ravousis , Tasos Konstantinou and Dionysis Tsamis were acquired . On the other hand , the arrival of dubious value of Latin American footballers , according to the current of the time , such as Néstor Errea , Rodolfo Vicente and Hugo Zeer did not offer anything special to the problematic AEK . As a result , the club finished 5th , at a distance of 23 points from the top . The counterproductive attack of AEK in contrast to their long tradition in this section , was remarkable , as they scored only 39 goals while conceding 36 .
AEK participated in the UEFA Cup for the first time in their history . In the first round , they were drawn against the Hungarian Salgótarján . It was characteristic , that the two matches against AEK constitute the whole of the European presence in Salgótarján 's history . In the first leg at Nea Filadelfeia , AEK prevailed easily with 3–1 . The rematch in Hungary had acquired a purely procedural character and the `` yellow-blacks '' qualified with a 1–1 draw . In the second round , luck completely turned its back on AEK , bringing them against the great Liverpool of Bill Shankly . The first match on Anfield , Liverpool 's unquestionable superiority was certified , as the `` reds '' took the victory with 3–0 and largely ensured the qualification for the next round . In the rematch of AEK Stadium , Liverpool finished the job with a 3–1 win , which sent them to the next round and in the conquest of the title , at the end of the season .
For another year AEK stayed away from claiming the Greek Cup . In the First Round , AEK eliminated Korinthos at home and in the Round of 32 , they overcame Ethnikos Asteras , with an impressive 9–0 home win . At the Round of 16 , AEK were drawn against the second division club Apollon Kalamarias and were eliminated with a 2–1 defeat at Kalamaria .
Players
Squad information
NOTE : The players are the ones that have been announced by the AEK Athens ' press release . No edits should be made unless a player arrival or exit is announced . Updated 30 June 1973 , 23:59 UTC+2 .
Transfers
In
a. and Dimitris Palasidis as exchange .
Out
Renewals
Overall transfer activity
Expenditure : ₯2,300,000
Income : ₯0
Net Total : ₯2,300,000
Pre-season and friendlies
Alpha Ethniki
League table
Results summary
Results by Matchday
Fixtures
Greek Cup
Matches
UEFA Cup
First round
Second round
Statistics
Squad statistics
! colspan= '' 11 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; text-align : center '' | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan= '' 11 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Defenders
|-
! colspan= '' 11 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Midfielders
|-
! colspan= '' 11 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Forwards
|-
| }
Disciplinary record
|-
! colspan= '' 17 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; text-align : center '' | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan= '' 17 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Defenders
|-
! colspan= '' 17 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Midfielders
|-
! colspan= '' 17 '' style= '' background : # FFDE00 ; color : black ; text-align : center ; '' | Forwards
| }
References
External links
AEK Athens F.C . Official Website
AEK Athens F.C . seasons
AEK Athens
Kyle Howard Long ( born December 5 , 1988 ) is an American football guard who is a free agent . The son of Pro Football Hall of Fame defensive end Howie Long and the younger brother of former defensive end Chris Long , he played college football at Oregon following stints with Florida State and Saddleback . He was selected in the first round of the 2013 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears , where he played his first seven seasons .
During his Bears tenure , Long received three consecutive Pro Bowl selections from 2013 to 2015 and one second-team All-Pro selection in 2014 . After retiring in 2019 , he returned with the Chiefs for the 2021 season .
Early years
Long was born in Ivy , Virginia . He attended St. Anne's-Belfield School in Charlottesville , Virginia . He played both baseball and football . He was selected to the 2008 U.S. Army All-American Bowl . He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 23rd round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft , but did not sign and honored his commitment to Florida State University .
College career
In January 2009 , Long left Florida State for academic reasons following an arrest for DWI . In 2010 , Long enrolled at Saddleback College , a community college in Mission Viejo , California , and returned to playing football . During his first year he played defensive end , recording 16 tackles and one quarterback sack . In 2011 , he switched to the offensive line . On December 18 , 2011 , he committed to play for the Oregon Ducks football team , and subsequently transferred to the University of Oregon . During the 2012 season , he started six of twelve games for the Ducks on the offensive line . He appealed for an extra year of college eligibility , but his appeal was denied by the NCAA .
Professional career
Chicago Bears
Long was selected by the Chicago Bears with the 20th overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft . He was the first guard to be drafted by the team in the first round since Roger Davis in 1960 . Long signed on May 17 , the last member of Chicago 's 2013 draft class to do so .
Long attended the rookie minicamp from May 10–12 , but missed much of the offseason program due to a league rule prohibiting rookies from working out until their college class graduates . He returned to team activities on June 17 . Long started the 2013 season opener against the Cincinnati Bengals at right guard , becoming the first rookie in team history to start a season opener at the position in the Super Bowl era . On January 8 , 2014 , Long was named to Pro Football Focus ' All-Rookie Team . He was subsequently named to NFL.com 's All-Rookie Team on January 15 . On January 20 , 2014 , he earned a spot in the 2014 Pro Bowl due to the injury of original Pro Bowl left guard Mike Iupati in the 2014 NFC Championship Game . Long became the first Bears rookie to make the Pro Bowl since Johnny Knox in 2009 .
He made the Pro Bowl again following the 2014 season and was also named as a second-team All-Pro guard .
At the start of the 2015 season , Long made the switch from guard to tackle . He started all 16 regular season games in 2015 and was selected to his third consecutive Pro Bowl .
On March 10 , 2016 , the Bears signed right tackle Bobby Massie from the Arizona Cardinals , and Long was moved back to guard . On April 15 , 2016 , the Bears exercised the fifth-year option on Long 's rookie deal , a move that would have kept Long under his original contract through 2017 .
On September 7 , 2016 , Long signed a four-year $ 40 million contract extension with the Bears through 2021 .
Long suffered multiple injuries during the 2016 season . He played the first seven games of the season with a torn labrum in his left shoulder . He missed the Bears ' Week 8 contest against the Minnesota Vikings due to a strained triceps . Long then severely injured his right ankle two weeks later against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and was carted off the field . He was placed on injured reserve on November 15 .
On December 5 , 2017 , Long was placed on injured reserve after aggravating a shoulder injury in Week 13 , while also being bothered by ankle and finger injuries throughout the season .
Long started the first eight games of the 2018 season , but suffered a foot injury in Week 8 against the New York Jets and was ruled out 6–8 weeks just a few days later . He was placed on injured reserve on November 3 , 2018 . He was activated off injured reserve on December 29 , 2018 .
Early in 2019 , Long suffered a hip injury that forced him to miss the Week 4 game against the Minnesota Vikings . Although he returned for the following week 's Oakland Raiders game , the injury persisted and he was placed on injured reserve on October 14 .
Long announced his retirement from professional football on January 6 , 2020 . The Bears declined his contract option for 2020 , making him an unrestricted free agent on March 18 , 2020 .
Kansas City Chiefs
On March 18 , 2021 , Long signed with the Kansas City Chiefs , after deciding to come out of retirement . He injured his knee during OTAs on June 10 , 2021 . He was placed on the physically unable to perform list ( PUP ) on August 31 , 2021 , due to the injury . He was activated on November 30 . He was put on the Reserve/COVID-19 list on December 21 , 2021 . He was activated on December 27 , 2021 . He did not play a single snap for the Chiefs , largely due to his knee injury and the emergence of rookie guard Trey Smith .
Personal life
Long is the son of Pro Football Hall of Fame defensive end Howie Long and the younger brother of retired defensive end Chris Long .
He is a part-owner of esports team Mode Motorsports in the eNASCAR Coca-Cola iRacing Series , and as of September 16 , 2020 , co-hosts ( with Paul Swan ) a weekly talk show on NASCAR.com 's YouTube channel . In 2020 , Long became a studio analyst for CBS Sports Network 's That Other Pregame Show .
References
External links
Chicago Bears bio
Oregon Ducks bio
Florida State Seminoles bio
Saddleback College Gauchos bio
1988 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Chicago Bears players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Oregon Ducks football players
Saddleback Gauchos football players
People from Ivy , Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
Unconferenced Pro Bowl players
Long family ( American football )
American football offensive tackles
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The 2005 BBC strike was a strike of more than 11,000 BBC workers , over a proposal to cut 4,000 jobs , and to privatise parts of the BBC under the management of Mark Thompson . Much of BBC 's regular programming was affected , with many programs being replaced with pre-recordings , and some being halted altogether , with those that remained suffering in quality due to the striking of many technical workers .
Background
The BBC was in a fragile position , facing competition from other digital and cable broadcasting companies . The BBC is funded primarily by a television license and must convince the government to keep the license , and at the time needed to also convince the government to renew its government charter , which would expire the next year . The BBC was also facing conflict with the government at the time , after the BBC 's unfavourable coverage of the Iraq War in 2003 . An investigation , led by Lord Hutton , a former judge , found that the BBC misrepresented the government 's position on the war , and engaged in sloppy reporting . The `` scathing '' report caused the BBC 's chairman and director general to resign .
Mark Thompson was appointed as the new BBC director in replacement of those who resigned . In order to restore the BBC 's reputation and reform it for the digital age , he cut budgets 15 % across the board and removed 3,780 jobs . This would have saved about 355 million pounds ( US $ 642 million ) to reinvest in new programs . This caused anger across the BBC , and many workers went on strike. < name= '' nyt-2005-05-24 '' / >
References
Labour disputes in the United Kingdom
BBC
2005 labor disputes and strikes
2005 in British television
2005 in radio
The 1946 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 3rd season of Jordan League . Jordan Club won the first and only Jordanian league title in its history .
Overview
Jordan Club won the championship , with player Mike Dickin , formerly playing for the British Mandate of Palestine .
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
1946 in Jordan
Lifestyle often refers to :
Lifestyle ( sociology ) , the way a person lives
Otium , ancient Roman concept of a lifestyle
Style of life ( ) , dealing with the dynamics of personality
Lifestyle may also refer to :
Business and economy
Lifestyle business , a business that is set up and run with the aim of sustaining a particular level of income
Lifestyle center , a shopping center or mixed-used commercial development that combines the traditional retail functions of a shopping mall with leisure amenities
Lifestyle ( department store ) , a retail fashion brand which is part of the Dubai-based Landmark Group
Film and television
Channels
Lifestyle ( Australian TV channel ) , an Australian subscription television station
Lifestyle ( British TV channel ) , a defunct British television station
Lifestyle ( Philippine TV channel ) , a Philippine lifestyle and entertainment cable channel owned by ABS-CBN
Series and documentaries
Lifestyle ( GR series ) , a weekly entertainment news show that is broadcast on Alter Channel
Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous , a TV series often abbreviated as `` Lifestyles ''
The Lifestyle ( 1999 ) , an American documentary about swinging in the United States
Music
Lifestyle ( album ) , a 2000 album by the band Silkworm
`` Lifestyle '' ( Rich Gang song ) , 2014
`` Lifestyle '' ( Jason Derulo song ) , 2021
`` Lifestyle '' , a song by Joe Satriani from the 2004 album Is There Love in Space ?
`` Lifestyle '' , a song by The Original 7ven from the 2011 album Condensate
`` Lifestyle '' , a song by Yo Gotti from the 2016 mixtape White Friday ( CM9 )
Other uses
Life & Style ( magazine )
Lifestylism , a pejorative term to describe fringe anarcho politics and ethical groups
LifeStyles Condoms , a brand of condom made by the Australian company Ansell Limited
See also
Life ( disambiguation )
Style ( disambiguation )
Way of life ( disambiguation )
Buzurgmehr Yorov ( , ; 9 July 1971 ) is a Tajik human rights lawyer and member of the opposition Social Democratic Party of Tajikistan . Throughout the 2000s , serving as the head of the legal firm Sipar , Yorov was involved in a number of high-profile legal cases , representing individuals prosecuted by the government of Tajikistan on charges deemed politically motivated . In 2011 , he represented prominent religious figure and former senator Hoji Akbar Turajonzoda when the latter sued the head of the state-backed Council of Ulems ( Islamic scholars ) for defamation . The case occurred amidst a government-led crackdown against the Turajonzoda brothers who frequently criticized the state religion policy . In 2013 , Yorov represented Muhiddin Kabiri , the leader of the Islamic Revival Party and member of the country 's parliament who had been sued by the Dushanbe Mayor 's Office for criticizing the practice of massive cutting of trees in the capital . In 2014 , Yorov represented Fakhriddin Zokirov , another Tajik lawyer who had been arrested on forgery charges , apparently as a retaliation for representing Zayd Saidov , a businessman and politician . He also offered to represent Alexander Sodiqov , a Canada-based PhD student who had been detained by the authorities and charged with spying and treason while conducting research in Tajikistan in June 2014 . Sodiqov 's family declined the offer , fearing that the outspoken lawyer 's affiliation with an opposition party might politicize the case .
Arrest and International Reaction
Following the ban on the Islamic Revival Party ( IRPT ) in Tajikistan , its designation as a terrorist organization , and the detention of some 200 of its members in September 2015 , Buzurgmehr Yorov took on representing several high-ranking members of the party who were arrested on a number of charges , including . On September 28 , 2015 , gave an interview to a local news agency , alleging that one of the arrested IPRT members he represented had been tortured in pretrial detention . He also alleged that the authorities had been planting weapons and IEDs on lower level IRPT members detained throughout the country . Finally , he announced that he had set up a committee for the defense of the arrested IRPT members . Later that day , officers from the Police Unit for Combating Organized Crime ( UBOP ) arrived in the office of the legal firm Sipar , seized documents related to Yorov 's representation of the arrested IRPT members , and took the lawyer away for questioning . On September 29 , 2015 , Tajikistan 's Ministry of Internal Affairs ( MIA ) announced that Yorov was detained on charges of swindling and fraud allegedly dating back to 2010 .
On October 2 , 2015 , the spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed concern about an `` increasing risk of human rights violations '' in Tajikistan connected to the legal prosecution of IRPT members and the lawyers who represented them . The committee for the defense of the arrested IRPT members that Yorov had set up disbanded soon after his detention . Sipar , the legal firm that Yorov had headed , also disbanded . On October 7 , six human rights groups ( including Amnesty International , the Paris Bar , Association for Human Rights in Central Asia , Human Rights Watch , the International Partnership for Human Rights ( IPHR ) , and the Norwegian Helsinki Committee ) issued a statement demanding that the authorities in Tajikistan release Yorov or present `` internationally recognizable charges '' against him . The statement also alleged that the lawyer had been detained on `` trumped-up '' charges and as a punishment for providing legal counsel to the arrested IRPT members . Facing a wave of international condemnation and media interest in the case , the authorities classified Yorov 's case as `` top secret '' on October 14 .
A number of other human rights groups and bar associations around the world condemned the detention of Buzurgmehr Yorov , including the International Commission of Jurists ( ICJ ) , Law Society of Upper Canada ( LSUC ) , UK-based Law Society , and the Netherlands-based Lawyers for Lawyers ( L4L ) .
In December 2015 , authorities added three new charges against Buzurgmehr Yorov , including creating an extremist group , public propagation of extremist ideas , and inciting national , racial , or religious hostility . Each of these charges carries a sentence of three to eight years in prison . The lawyer 's relatives who were allowed to visit him in detention said he had denied all charges brought against him .
Trial
On May 3 , 2016 , the trial against Yorov and another lawyer , Nuriddin Makhkamov , opened in Dushanbe 's Ferdowsi District Court . The trial was closed to the public , and journalists as well as representatives of diplomatic missions and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) were not allowed to attend . According to a local news agency which spoke to several individuals who had attended the trial , Yorov refused the services of his state-appointed lawyer , suggesting that the latter had not been given sufficient time to prepare for trial . Yorov also reportedly requested that the presiding judge be disqualified and a new judge be appointed . Finally , he announced that several key testimonies that he and supporting witnesses had made during the course of the investigation were missing from court materials .
Local journalists and representatives from the US Embassy in Dushanbe and OSCE were allowed to attend the second session of the trial against Yorov and Makhkamov on May 10 . During the session , Yorov requested that the trial be held in a local theater or aired live on national television , alluding apparently to what he believed was a farcical nature of the trial . During the third session of the trial , on May 13 , Yorov requested that all the 18 persons who testified against him appeared on trial .
References
Tajikistani activists
1971 births
Human rights lawyers
Living people
The 65th Cavalry Division was a cavalry division of the United States Army Organized Reserves . It was created due to the perceived need for additional cavalry units . It was numbered in succession with the Regular Army cavalry divisions , not all of which were active at its creation .
The 65th Cavalry Division was organized in the Mid-Western United States . The division was composed of personnel from Illinois , Michigan and Wisconsin .
Organization
In 1940 , the division included the following units :
Headquarters ( Chicago )
Headquarters , Special Troops ( Chicago )
Headquarters Troop ( Chicago )
65th Signal Troop ( Chicago )
585th Ordnance Company ( Medium ) ( Chicago )
465th Tank Company ( Light ) ( Chicago )
159th Cavalry Brigade ( Chicago )
317th Cavalry Regiment ( Chicago )
318th Cavalry Regiment ( La Grange )
160th Cavalry Brigade ( Detroit )
319th Cavalry Regiment ( Detroit )
320th Cavalry Regiment ( Milwaukee )
865th Field Artillery Regiment ( Chicago )
465th Reconnaissance Squadron ( Detroit )
465th Quartermaster Squadron ( Chicago )
405th Engineer Squadron ( Chicago )
365th Medical Squadron ( Chicago )
Notes
References
65
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1941
This Woman 's Work : Anthology 1978–1990 is a compilation box set by the British singer Kate Bush . Released in 1990 on CD , vinyl and cassette ; it comprises her six studio albums to that point together with two additional albums of B-sides , rarities and remixes . The box set was re-released , on CD only , in 1998 in different packaging . It was not released in the US mainly due to The Sensual World being released there by Columbia Records .
The two rarities discs are entitled This Woman 's Work : Volume One and This Woman 's Work : Volume Two ( in the vinyl edition the twenty-nine tracks are spread over three LP 's ) , and have never been released as albums separately from the box set .
Although publicised as a complete collection of Bush 's works up to 1990 , many tracks released during this time are missing from this collection including the Single Version Remix of `` The Man with the Child in His Eyes '' , the Single Edit remix of `` Wow '' , the dead-end version of `` Army Dreamers '' which featured on `` The Whole Story '' album , `` Dreamtime '' ( the instrumental B-side of `` The Dreaming '' single ) , `` Sat in Your Lap ( Single Mix ) '' , `` Running Up that Hill ( Instrumental Version ) '' , `` The Big Sky ( Single Version ) '' , `` The Sensual World ( Instrumental Version ) '' , `` The Confrontation '' from the `` Love and Anger '' single and the Single Version Mix of `` This Woman 's Work '' . Various songs featured in films were also omitted , notably `` The Magician '' , from the film `` The Magician of Lublin '' .
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Kate Bush . Except `` In Search of Peter Pan '' written by Kate Bush and incorporates `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' ( Lyrics by Ned Washington and Music by Leigh Harline ) , `` Lord of the Reedy River '' by Donovan , and `` The Handsome Cabin Boy '' and `` My Lagan Love '' which are traditional songs .
Disc 1 - The Kick Inside
Disc 2 - Lionheart
Disc 3 - Never for Ever
Disc 4 - The Dreaming
Disc 5 - Hounds of Love
Disc 6 - The Sensual World
Disc 7 - This Woman 's Work : Volume One
Disc 8 - This Woman 's Work : Volume Two
Personnel
Stewart Arnold - backing vocals
Jimmy Bain - bass
Ian Bairnson - guitar , backing vocals
John Barrett - assistant engineer
Brian Bath - guitar
Haydn Bendall - engineer
Michael Berkeley - arranger
Andrew Boland - engineer
Stoyanka Boneva - vocals
Kate Bush - piano , vocals , producer , Fairlight , harmony
Paddy Bush - mandolin , stick , harmony vocals , slide guitar , mandocello , pan pipes
George Chambers - assistant engineer
Nick Cook - assistant engineer
Danny Dawson - assistant engineer
Barry DeSouza - drums
Geoffrey Downes - trumpet
Pearse Dunne - assistant engineer
Percy Edwards - vocals
Stuart Elliott - percussion , drums
Larry Fast - Prophet 5
Eva Georgieva - vocals
John Giblin - bass , fretless bass
David Gilmour - guitar , backing vocals
Paul Gomazel - engineer
Howard Gray - assistant engineer ,
James Guthrie - engineer
Roy Harper - backing vocals
Preston Heyman - drums , stick
Gary Hurst - backing vocals
Patrick Jaunead - assistant engineer
Michael Kamen - arranger
Mick Karn - bass
David Katz - orchestra contractor
Nigel Kennedy - viola
Paul Keogh - guitar
Kevin Killen - engineer , mixing
Nick Launay - engineer
Dave Lawson - arranger , Synclavier
Tom Leader - engineer
Dónal Lunny - bouzouki
Bruce Lynch - bass
Duncan Mackay - synthesizer , Fender Rhodes
Kevin McAlea - synthesizer programming
Medici Sextet - strings
Max Middleton - Fender Rhodes
Francis Monkman - Hammond organ
Mike Moran - Prophet 5
Alan Murphy - guitar
Liam O'Flynn - penny whistle , Uilleann pipes
Hugh Padgham - engineer
Del Palmer - bass , engineer , Linn
David Paton - bass
Morris Pert - percussion
Adam Skeaping - viol , string arrangements
Jo Skeaping - string arrangements
John Sheahan - fiddle , whistle
Bill Somerville-Large - engineer
Davy Spillane - whistle , Uilleann pipes
Alan Stivell - Celtic harp
Brian Tench - engineer , mixing
Trio Bulgarka - vocals
Nigel Walker - engineer , assistant engineer , mixing engineer
Eberhard Weber - bass
Bill Whelan - arranger
Jonathan Williams - cello
Peter Woolliscroft - digital editing
Charts
References
Kate Bush albums
Albums produced by Jon Kelly
1990 compilation albums
EMI Records compilation albums
Progressive pop albums
Progressive rock albums by English artists
Progressive rock compilation albums
Art rock albums by English artists
Art pop albums
Art rock compilation albums
Baroque pop albums
Avant-pop albums
Kisco may refer to :
Kisco River , a creek in New York
Mount Kisco , New York , a community in Westchester County
Kisco Senior Living , in Carlsbad , California
Coccothrinax elegans is a palm which is endemic to Cuba .
Henderson and colleagues ( 1995 ) considered C. elegans to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama .
References
elegans
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
José Rafael Llenas-Aybar ( circa 1984 – 3 May 1996 ) was a boy from the Dominican Republic who went missing and later found dead in May 1996 . Llenas Aybar was born into an upper-middle-class white family , his parents were José Rafael Llenas Menicucci and Ileana del Carmen Aybar Nadal . His father is first cousin of MLB player Winston Llenas and second cousin-once removed of politician Hipólito Mejía , and his mother is second cousin of Jacinto Peynado Garrigosa , the then-vice president of the country .
Llenas Aybar 's murder was a high-profile case that gained notoriety due to the tragic nature of the murder but also because the victim was from an upper-middle-class family with very close ties to media moguls , one of the individuals accused of taking part in the crime , Mario José Redondo Llenas ( “ Redondo Llenas ” ) , was a cousin of the victim , and the family of the Argentine ambassador allegedly had ties to the incident .
Murder and investigation
Discovery of body
On May 4 , 1996 , José Rafael Llenas Aybar , the child of a middle/upper-class family of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic was found murdered , lying in a creek bed some 24 km to the northwest of the city . His body was bound in duct tape and had received thirty-four stab wounds .
The victim 's mother has stated that her son called her at work to ask for permission to go out with his cousin , Redondo Llenas , who lived across the street and had invited him to a motorcycle exhibition at a local supermarket , but asked the boy to be back by five in the afternoon . An hour later , Redondo Llenas called his aunt and told her that his cousin had requested to be dropped off at Sebelen Bowling Center `` La Bolera '' because he was meeting some friends . Mrs. Llenas has said that she found this strange , because her son did n't go out without adult supervision , so she went to the bowling center looking for him and found nothing . She then looked for him in the supermarket and found no motorcycle exhibit . She immediately called her cousin Guillermo Moncada Aybar for help in finding her son .
Factors hindering investigators
Several factors surrounding the investigation and trial hindered the discovery of the exact motives behind the crime , the number and identity of the people involved , as well as what exactly occurred that day :
The scene where the body was found was controlled by the authorities only after dozens of people had gone through it – some were officials but many others were individuals whose identities were never confirmed and whose motives could have ranged from simple curiosity to intentional contamination of the scene .
The scientific value of the autopsy was compromised by the fact that it was practiced after the body had been submitted to funerary processes , causing the permanent loss of valuable evidence , including but not limited to , details regarding used weapons and number of attackers .
The alleged murder weapon ( s ) was ( were ) never recovered .
The clothes of the victim and of the accused went missing while in police custody , barring the opportunity for any type of forensic examination .
Redondo Llenas alleged that police officers falsely denied the existence of audio transcripts from his interrogation while in police custody . The police argued that the recordings never existed but during the trial there was evidence , including testimony from the victim 's mother , that officers recorded at least parts of the interrogation . The content of the audio transcripts and the reason for their disappearance remain a mystery .
Redondo Llenas alleged that Teresa Meccia 's husband , the then Argentine ambassador to the Dominican Republic , Luis Palmas de la Calzada , and son , Martin Palmas Meccia , were involved . Palmas Meccia graduated from high school with Redondo Llenas and the other accused , Juan Moliné Rodriguez . Specifically , Redondo Llenas asserted that Palmas de la Calzada forced them to murder the boy under the threat that if they did not he would murder Redondo Llenas ' younger sister . Additionally , Redondo Llenas asserted that in a period of approximately four months he was submitted to a series of traumatic experiences by the Palmas family that included witnessing drug deals by the Palmas , at least one other murder and had been the victim of a sexual attack which was videotaped by Luis Palmas de la Calzada . The Argentinian family vehemently denied all allegations but several factors cast doubt over their denial :
The site where the body was found was close to one of the Palmas ' properties , a dog breeding facility .
The Palmas ' attitude following the accusations was out of the ordinary for a diplomatic family – they resisted cooperating minimally with the authorities , utilized their diplomatic immunity protection to oppose any interrogation and investigation of their home or any of their properties and immediately exited the country .
They jeopardized their reputation , future career opportunities and left behind many of their assets , solely due to the accusations of Redondo Llenas , an 18-year-old murder suspect .
The vehicle allegedly used for the crime was seized by police officers but was never examined forensically . It was repaired and was assigned to active police service only three days after the crime had taken place , in obvious violation of the law and due process .
While the case was in `` '' , a phase in the Dominican criminal process where an appointed magistrate conducts a separate investigation while appraising the merits of the case proposed by the police , a set of bizarre events took place :
The magistrate , Alexis Henriquez , requested supplementary security and the local police assigned him a bodyguard that had been working for Palmas Meccia . According to Redondo Llenas this man was present on the day that Palmas Meccia , acting on behalf of his father , Palmas de la Calzada , gave the instructions to deliver the boy .
Key evidence allegedly disappeared from the office of the magistrate including video footage obtained by the investigative magistrate that was supposed to have proved the linkage of the Palmas ' to this case and other criminal activities .
There were continuous leakages to the press regarding the direction of the investigation that jeopardized the authorities ' ability to have the upper hand and allowed potential suspects to cover their tracks .
The police investigations concluded the crime was as a kidnapping with the intention of asking for a ransom of approximately US $ 700,000 , but there was no evidence found or presented to prove the accused ever asked for money .
There was speculation about possible sexual motives but there was no evidence found or presented to prove abuse .
Perpetrators
According to the interrogation and trial transcripts , Redondo Llenas ( 18 years old at the time ) , under duress by Palmas de la Calzada , and Moliné Rodriguez ( also 18 years old at the time ) invited José Rafael Llenas Aybar out . It is unknown what exactly happened between the time the boy left his home and the time he was found dead .
The fact that the boy and the mother felt safe with Redondo Llenas suggest that up to that point in their lives Redondo Llenas was a trusted member of the family . What happened to Redondo Llenas that transformed him from trusted cousin to accomplice in murder is possibly the greatest mystery of this tragic crime . He has argued exceptional duress from the Palmas ' while psychiatric tests on both Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez suggest personality disorders . The scientific value of these tests has been questioned by experts because of the manner in which the tests were performed , conclusions drawn and presented .
Trial and sentencing
The trial concluded in January 1997 with guilty verdicts for Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez ; both were sentenced to the maximum penalty of 30 years ' imprisonment and charged US $ 300,000 each in damages to the victim 's family . An appeal in 1999 slightly reduced Moline Rodriguez 's term to 20 years , on account that he was an accomplice .
Palmas de la Calzada and his family were never prosecuted , first due to their diplomatic status which was the result of a direct designation by former Argentine president Carlos Menem , and second , because they quickly left the country , even before the Argentine government terminated their tenure . Although repeatedly summoned by the Dominican authorities they never returned .
The possibility of a satanic implication to the case was discussed and caused a lot of concern among the very religious ; Dominican Republic is 90 % Roman Catholic . A member of the Llenas family appeared in a widely seen TV show in the Dominican Republic , Revista 110 produced by Julio Hazim , to discuss potential evidence of a satanic cult and the Palmas ' relationship to Macumba and black magic practitioners such as José López Rega , who is known as “ El Brujo ” .
The trial of Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez was one of the first broadly televised in Dominican history . The broadcast highly out-rated all other programming during its course .
Aftermath
Further investigation by Dominican journalist and filmmaker Erwin Cott uncovered that Palmas de la Calzada was a member of ultra-rightist Argentine Anticommunist Alliance during the Dirty War , an organization said to be responsible for countless deaths and disappearances during the 1970s in Argentina .
In 2007 , Juan Moliné Rodríguez asked to be released on parole , which was widely criticized and ultimately rejected . He tried again in 2009 but was rejected again .
On November 5 , 2013 , Mario Redondo Llenas asked to be released on parole due to his `` good behavior '' , he apologized to his aunt and uncle for killing his 12-year-old cousin in 1996 . Redondo Llenas listed his involvement in prison literacy programs and his college degree as examples of his rehabilitation .
References
Murder in the Dominican Republic
1996 crimes in the Dominican Republic
1996 murders in North America
1990s murders in the Dominican Republic
Delroy Isaac Foster , better known as Delly Ranx , is a Jamaican dancehall deejay and record producer .
Biography
Born in Kingston , Jamaica , Foster was raised as a Christian , but adopted the Rastafarian faith as a teenager . Ranx first had success in the 1990s with singles such as `` No Gal No More Than You '' , and has released more than 80 singles since 1993 .
He released the album Good Profile in 2009 . In 2010 he had success with the `` Saudi Arabia '' rhythm which he produced , on which he had a hit himself with `` Toppa Toppa '' , and also provided the basis for hits by Buju Banton , Wayne Wonder , Gramps Morgan and Sizzla . Other rhythm produced by Ranx have been voiced by Sean Paul and Mavado . In 2011 he released a combination album , Fi Di Dancehall , with American singer Sadiki .
Ranx released his third solo album , The Next Chapter , in July 2012 , featuring guest appearances from Bunny Rugs and Buju Banton .
His fourth solo album , Sweet Reggae , was released in 2014 .
His fifth solo album , Weed Market , was released in February 2018 .
He releases his own productions on his Pure Music Promotions label .
Discography
Albums
Break Free ( 2006 )
Good Profile ( 2009 ) , Itation Records
Fi Di Dancehall ( 2011 ) , Skinny Bwoy – Delly Ranx and Sadiki
The Next Chapter ( 2012 ) , Pure Music Productions
Sweet Reggae ( 2014 )
Weed Market ( 2018 ) , Pure Music Productions
EPs
Chapter 3 Epic Dancehall ( 2014 )
References
External links
Jamaican male singers
Jamaican reggae singers
Musicians from Kingston , Jamaica
Jamaican Rastafarians
Jamaican former Christians
Converts to the Rastafari movement
Nemiscam , also known as Nemiskam , and originally known as Bingham , is an unincorporated community within the County of Forty Mile No . 8 in southern Alberta , Canada . The community is about 5 km east of Foremost and west of Etzikom , Alberta on Highway 61 and is administered by the County of Forty Mile No . 8 .
History
Originally Nemiskam started off as a small community named Bingham located 1 km southwest of the new town site . Due to the bypassing of the railway the citizens of Bingham decided to settle in Nemiskam , some even bringing their homes , and businesses with them . During the community 's prosperous years the community had a community hall , four grain elevators , a school , and a service station .
Beginning in the 1960s Nemiskam 's population was at a total of 54 residents , a few years after in 1966 the town 's population went down to just 17 people . Today many of the original buildings and residents have once again picked up and moved to find better way of life , most moving to Foremost some even bringing their homes with them . In the early 1990s , the dying community would suffer another loss – its four grain elevators – leaving the community in a ghost town state with only 6 buildings left .
Name origin
For many years Nemiskam or Nemiscam has had many disputes over the different ways of spelling the community 's name . People and map companies of today spell the name with a “ C ” but many older folk like to spell it with a “ K ” as it was originally spelled on the towns long gone grain elevators , and community hall , Nemiskam with a “ K ” is native for “ between two valleys ” .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of ghost towns in Alberta
References
Ghost towns in Alberta
Localities in the County of Forty Mile No . 8
The Bo were one of the ten indigenous tribes of the Great Andamanese people , originally living on the western coast of North Andaman Island in the Indian Ocean .
The tribe spoke a distinctive Bo language , closely related to the other Great Andamanese languages . The native name for the language was Aka-Bo ( Aka- being a prefix for `` tongue '' ) ; and this name is often used for the tribe itself . They were mostly forest-dwellers ( eremtaga ) with a smaller number of shore-dwellers ( aryoto ) . They are a designated Scheduled Tribe .
There are still a handful of people who identify themselves as members of the tribe living on a reservation on Strait Island , but none can speak the original language .
History
The original size of the Bo tribe , by 1858 , has been estimated at 200 individuals . However , they were discovered by the British only later , in the work leading to the 1901 census . Like other Andamanese peoples , the Bo were decimated during colonial and post-colonial times , by diseases , alcohol , colonial warfare and loss of territory . The census of 1901 recorded only 48 individuals . Census takers were told that an epidemic had come from the neighboring Kari and Kora tribes , and the Bo had resorted to killing all of their own who showed symptoms . Their number was up to 62 in 1911 , but then decreased to 16 in 1921 and only 6 in 1931 .
In 1949 , any remaining Bo were relocated , with all other surviving Great Andamanese , to a reservation on Bluff island . In 1969 they were moved again to a reservation on Strait Island .
By 1980 only three out of the 23 surviving Great Andamanese claimed to belong to the Bo tribe . By 1994 their numbers had grown to 15 ( out of 40 ) .
However , tribal identities became largely symbolic in the wake of the relocations . By 2006 the cultural and linguistic identity of the tribe had all but disappeared , due to intermarriage and other factors . The last speaker of the Bo language , a woman named Boa Senior , died at age 85 in late January 2010 .
References
External links
http : //english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/02/20102543519461807.html
http : //www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/asia/article7015540.ece
http : //www.survivalinternational.org/films/last-of-the-bo-tribe
https : //web.archive.org/web/20100209004900/http : //www.rnw.nl/english/article/bo-tribe-extinct
https : //web.archive.org/web/20100209082426/http : //www.aolnews.com/world/article/boa-sr-last-member-of-bo-tribe-on-andaman-islands-dies/19346945
Ethnic groups in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Scheduled Tribes of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Extinct ethnic groups
Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 46,134 . The county seat is Bedford . Lawrence County comprises the Bedford , IN Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Until the Battle of Tippecanoe , the general area of Lawrence County was populated primarily by Native Americans . The first trace of white settlement in Lawrence County was near Leesville ; however , Bono was the first white settlement in the county . Lawrence County was formed in 1818 by subdividing Orange County . The English name refers to Captain James Lawrence , who uttered the famous words `` Do n't give up the ship . '' after being mortally wounded during the War of 1812 . Prior to Lawrence County 's creation , it was organized as `` Leatherwood Township . '' On March 11 , 1818 , the county commissioners Ambrose Carlton , Thomas Beagley , and James Stotts , met at the home of James Gregory . On the third day of this session , the commissioners proceeded to divide the county into two civil townships : Shawswick and Spice Valley . Early in 1819 , the board adopted a seal for Lawrence County , which was designed with a harp , a plow , three sheaves of weat , a pair of scales , and a weathercock on top . The first county seat of Lawrence County was located at Palestine , situated on a high bluff near the East Fork of the White River . 276 lots were laid out in Palestine , which were advertised for sale on May 25 , 1818 . Steps were immediately taken to build a courthouse and a jail . The first courthouse of the county was log and erected in the spring of 1818 . This courthouse was temporary , and steps to construct a permanent courthouse began in November 1818 . It was first designed in octagonal form , with brick walls , a stone foundation , with 45 windows and to be two stories tall . The courthouse was finished in the autumn of 1821 , at a total cost of $ 5,500 ( 1821 USD ) . After much disease , and a tornado that swept through the area in 1820 , the county approved the relocation of the county seat on February 9 , 1825 . The name `` Bedford '' was selected for the new county seat by Joseph Rawlins , a local businessman , after Bedford County , Virginia . The town was laid out on March 30 , 1825 , and current residents of Palestine were offered a lot in Bedford . The county records were hauled from Palestine to Bedford by Richard Evans . In early 1825 , a temporary log courthouse was erected at Bedford . In 1831 , the board of commissioners took up the matter of building a more suitable courthouse and advertised bids for a courthouse similar to the one at Salem in May , and there obtained complete plans of that structure . The old buildings at Palestine were sold , and the proceeds were to be used in the construction of the new building . The building was finished in May 1834 . A fourth courthouse was built in 1872 . The fifth and current courthouse was built in 1930 . Perry Township was created in May 1822 , and Indian Creek Township was extended south to the river . Around the same time , Flinn Township was created . On January 23 , 1826 , Marion Township was created , followed by Marshall Township in June 1855 . In March 1866 , 180 residents petitioned for a new township , called `` Morton '' , to be formed out of Shawswick , Bono , and Flinn , but after much thought was named Guthrie Township after an old pioneer family of the county . On January 1 , 1911 , Flinn Township was annexed by Shawswick , Guthrie , and Pleasant Run Townships , after the county commissioners meeting a month prior .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.39 % ) is land and ( or 0.61 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Monroe County ( north )
Jackson County ( east )
Washington County ( southeast )
Orange County ( south )
Martin County ( west )
Greene County ( northwest )
Major highways
U.S. Route 50
State Road 37
State Road 54
State Road 58
State Road 60
State Road 158
State Road 446
State Road 450
State Road 458
National protected area
Hoosier National Forest ( part )
Municipalities
Cities and Towns
Census-designated places
Avoca
Williams
Unincorporated communities
Former communities
Townships
Local sights
Joe Palooka Statue – a statue of a comic strip character Joe Palooka , dedicated in 1948 , is located near the town hall in Oolitic .
Spring Mill State Park is located near Mitchell
Astronauts
Lawrence County has had several native residents that have become astronauts over the years . They include :
Virgil I . `` Gus '' Grissom was born and raised in Mitchell ; was killed in the Apollo 1 accident
Charles `` Charlie '' Walker was born and raised in Oolitic
Kenneth `` Kenny '' Bowersox was born in Virginia but was raised in Bedford
The Virgil I. Gus Grissom Memorial , located at the Spring Mill State Park near Mitchell , has many mementos of his career , including the space capsule he commanded , `` The Molly Brown '' from Gemini 3 .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Bedford have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1930 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Lawrence County is part of Indiana 's 9th congressional district ; Indiana Senate district 44 ; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 65 and 73 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 46,134 people , 18,811 households , and 12,906 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 21,074 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3 % white , 0.5 % Asian , 0.4 % black or African American , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.3 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 18.4 % were German , 14.6 % were Irish , 13.1 % were American , and 10.4 % were English .
Of the 18,811 households , 31.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.1 % were married couples living together , 10.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 31.4 % were non-families , and 27.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.92 . The median age was 41.6 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 50,355 . Males had a median income of $ 42,337 versus $ 30,386 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,352 . About 10.9 % of families and 15.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.4 % of those under age 18 and 10.6 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County , Indiana
References
External links
Lawrence County Sheriff 's Office
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
is a railway station in the city of Agano , Niigata , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) .
Lines
Kyōgase Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line , and is 6.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Niitsu Station .
Adjacent stations
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms serving two tracks with the platforms connected by a footbridge . However , only one of the platforms is normally in use , and serves bi-directional traffic . The station is unattended .
Platforms
History
Kyōgase Station opened on 30 September 1943 as a signal stop . It became a full station on 1 April 1962 . With the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR East .
Surrounding area
The station is located in a rural area , surrounded by rice fields . There are few buildings nearby .
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1962
Agano , Niigata
Denny Thum ( Pronounced THOOM ) is a former team executive for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He served in various positions with the team from 1974 to 2010 . From 2009 to 2010 , he served as team president .
On May 8 , 2009 , Thum was promoted to the role of President of the team by chairman Clark Hunt . Thum oversee 's every aspect of the team 's business operations , and reports directly to Hunt . Before he was President , Thum was the Chiefs ' Executive Vice President and C.O.O from 2006 until 2010 . Thum stepped down from his position on September 14 , 2010 .
He started with the Chiefs as a staff accountant in 1974 . He graduated from Rockhurst College that same year .
External links
Kansas City Chiefs bio
Living people
Kansas City Chiefs executives
Sportspeople from St. Louis
1952 births
Birger `` Bigge '' Jacobsson ( born 17 October 1949 ) is a former Swedish footballer and football coach . He made 150 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored two goals .
In 2013 , he was assistant coach to Pia Sundhage in the Sweden women 's national football team .
References
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1949 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Kindelan is a surname of Irish origin that has been adopted into Spanish .
The extended Kindelan Family originated in Ireland and hosted a clan gathering there in August 2013 and in 2015 in Cordoba . Up to the mid-18th century it was common for Irish citizens to enroll in the Irish Brigades of Spain or France , individuals being known as `` wild geese '' ; this was especially so after the Treaty of Limerick which ended the Williamite War .
About 1700 ( date uncertain ) , Michael Kindelan ( born 1674 in Ballinakill–died 1720 ) married Cecelia Lutrell of Luttrellstown near Dublin ; their son Vincent was born at Castle Ricard , County Meath in 1710 .
Vincent ( Vicente ) became one of these wild geese and fathered both Sebastian and Juan in the 1750s in Spain . He married Maria Francisca O'Regan y MacManus , daughter of Mauricio O'Regan and Rosa MacManus , on 15 Apr 1741 in Fraga . Vincent is credited as the forebear of all the Spanish Kindelans , and of many in the Americas .
People
Alfredo Kindelán ( 1879 - 1962 ) , a Spanish general and politician
Jean de Kindelán , ( 1759 - 1822 ) Spanish army officer in service of Napoleon
Mario Kindelán , a Cuban boxer
Orestes Kindelán , a Cuban baseball player
Sebastián Kindelán y O'Regan ( 1757–1826 ) Governor of East Florida , Dominican Republic and Cuba
References
Surnames
Spanish-language surnames
Surnames of Irish origin
Yves Tavernier ( born 10 February 1962 in Morzine ) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1988 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1962 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Haute-Savoie
20th-century French people
The Good Life is the third studio album by the bluegrass/jam band Railroad Earth , released on June 8 , 2004 .
So many jam bands seem to forget the importance of good song writing with meaningful lyrics . Railroad Earth 's songs are well-crafted stories , and are delivered with outstanding musicianship and strong vocals . The musical duties are distributed in pretty much the same way here as on their previous two releases : Todd Sheaffer handles vocals and guitar and does the bulk of the songwriting ; John Skehan , Tim Carbone , and Andy Goessling provide the band 's trademark swirling-and-skirling texture ; new bassist Johnny Grubb ( replacing Dave Von Dollen ) and percussionist Carey Harmon provide the solid ground they take off from and land on . Multi-instrumentalist Andy Goessling is credited on banjo , dobro , and sax ( to name a few ) , Tim Carbone on fiddle , accordion , piano and electric guitar , and John Skehan on mandolin , piano , and Hammond organ .
Shaeffer often writes tunes about love , being positive , and living a simpler life paired with catchy refrains and memorable melodies , and this effort is not different in that regard . Re-occurring themes of examining one 's destiny , living a good life , and staying true to one 's self resound . The opening track , `` Storms '' uses the metaphor to `` ride out the storm '' in a relationship and stick together through hard times . Perhaps an ode to marriage ? `` Way of the Buffalo '' is an environmental allegory and the title track , `` The Good Life , '' is about living free and `` going back to the country '' evoking images of a simpler time . One of the strongest songs is `` Goat '' which in the live setting extends into a long jammed out vehicle for the band . The somber lyrics , however , paint a picture of how to rid one 's life of negativity .
Track listing
`` Storms '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:54
`` Bread and Water '' ( Railroad Earth , Sheaffer ) - 4:24
`` Mourning Flies '' ( Railroad Earth , Sheaffer ) - 5:47
`` Long Way to Go '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:30
`` The Good Life '' ( Sheaffer ) - 5:18
`` In the Basement '' ( Sheaffer , Skehan ) - 5:09
`` Water Fountain Quicksand '' ( Skehan ) - 2:55
`` Goat '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:50
`` Said What You Mean '' ( Sheaffer ) - 6:32
`` Way of the Buffalo '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:19
`` 'Neath the Stars '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:10
`` ( Untitled ) '' - 5:21
Personnel
Musical
Tim Carbone - harmonica , piano , violin , accordion , Electric guitar , harmonium , viola , vocals ( background ) , toy piano .
Andy Goessling - banjo , bouzouki , dobro , flute , guitar , mandolin , sax ( alto ) , sax ( baritone ) , sax ( tenor ) , ukulele , guitar ( 12 string ) , slide guitar , marxophone
Todd Sheaffer - acoustic guitar , vocals
John Skeehan - Mando Magic !
Johnny Grub - Bass to the Face
Carey Harmon - Drums
Technical
Stewart Lerman - Producer
Railroad Earth - Producer
External links
Railroad Earth official website
2004 albums
Railroad Earth albums
Sugar Hill Records albums
