Philip Harding DL FSA ( born 25 January 1950 ) is a British field archaeologist . He became a familiar face on the Channel 4 television series Time Team .
Harding trained on various excavations with the Bristol University Extra Mural Department and other bodies from 1966 ; he has been a professional archaeologist since 1971 .
Life and career
Early life
Born in Oxford on 25 January 1950 and brought up in Wexcombe , Wiltshire , Harding was educated at Marlborough Royal Free Grammar School in Marlborough . As a young boy , he became fascinated with the Stone Age . He learned flint-knapping from his uncle , Fred , and in only a few months became a skilled knapper , crafting many different hunting tools from pieces of flint . He made his first archaeological finds digging up his parents ' garden , much to the annoyance of his mother , Elsie . In 1966 , while still at school , he attended a training excavation by Bristol University Extra Mural Department in Fyfield and West Overton . Since then , he has dug every year , though at first his archaeological activities had to be fitted into holidays and any spare time . His father , Ralph , died of a heart attack in 1977 at the age of 57 .
Career
After Harding left school , he worked in a puppet factory in Marlborough until he became a full-time archaeologist in 1971 . He worked initially for the Southampton City Council Archaeology Unit , combining this with five seasons of excavations ( 1972–1976 ) run by the British Museum at the Neolithic flint mines of Grimes Graves , Norfolk . He has since become an acknowledged expert on flint-knapping and is skilled in lithic reduction using both percussive techniques and pressure flaking , in which , instead of striking the flint with blows , pressure is exerted on the edges to shape the tool .
From the mid-1970s , he worked on excavations in Berkshire , Hampshire , Dorset , Wiltshire and the Isle of Wight for the Department of the Environment ( DOE ) . In 1979 , the archaeological section of the DOE for the region became Wessex Archaeology , a non-profit organisation which is one of the biggest archaeological practices in the country . He continues to work for Wessex Archaeology when not filming .
He has been a member of the Institute of Field Archaeologists since 1985 , and in 2006 was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London . On 24 July 2008 , he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Southampton in archaeology . As a qualified SCUBA diver , he is the president of the Nautical Archaeology Society , a Portsmouth-based charity formed to further interest in nautical cultural heritage . Since 2015 , Harding has been an archaeological supervisor for the veteran support charity Waterloo Uncovered , which conducts archaeology on the battlefield of Waterloo alongside veterans and serving personnel .
Television
In 1991 , Harding took part in the series Time Signs , which was produced by Tim Taylor , who went on to create Channel 4 's popular archaeology series Time Team . Harding was a regular on Time Team from the first series in 1994 until its cancellation in 2013 . He also took part in the various spin-off series such as Time Team Extra ( 1998 ) , Time Team Digs ( 2002 ) and Time Team Live . In addition , he has appeared in episodes of Meet the Ancestors ( 2003 ) and Chris Moyles ' Quiz Night ( 2009 ) .
He appeared in an episode of BBC 's Digging for Britain in December 2016 .
Honours
Commonwealth honours
Commonwealth honours
Appointments
Scholastic
Honorary degrees
Awards
References
External links
Wessex Archaeology
Waterloo Uncovered
The Guardian : Why I love Phil Harding
Lectures by Phil Harding for Waterloo Uncovered Project
Interview with Phil Harding during Salisbury 2020 : Digital Big Weekend
Salisbury Sites Blog and Salisbury Uncovered film
1950 births
Deputy Lieutenants of Wiltshire
English archaeologists
Living people
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
People from Oxford
People from Salisbury
Archaeologists appearing on Time Team
Experimental archaeology
Prehistorians
Godfried Dejonckheere ( born 1 July 1952 ) is a retired Belgian race walker .
He was born in Roeselare and represented the club KKS Kortrijk . He finished 25th at the 1976 Olympic Games ( 20 km ) , tenth at the 1987 World Championships ( 50 km ) , 35th at the 1988 Olympic Games ( 20 km ) , and ninth at the 1991 World Championships ( 50 km ) . He was disqualified at the 1992 Olympic Games ( 50 km ) and the 1993 World Championships ( 50 km ) .
He became Belgian champion 21 times . He was given the Golden Spike award in 1989 and 1991 .
References
1952 births
Living people
Belgian male racewalkers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Belgium
World Athletics Championships athletes for Belgium
People from Comines-Warneton
Sportspeople from Hainaut ( province )
Ernest Amherst Villiers ( 14 November 1863 – 26 September 1923 ) , was a British clergyman and Liberal politician .
Villiers was the son of Reverend Charles Villiers of Croft , Yorkshire , and his wife Florence Mary ( née Tyssen-Amherst ) . His great-grandfather , the Hon . George Villiers , was the third son of Thomas Villiers , 1st Earl of Clarendon .
Educated at Uppingham School and Peterhouse , Cambridge , he was ordained as an Anglican priest . After three years as a curate in Halifax , he became rector of Haveringland , Norfolk .
Villiers married the Hon . Elaine Augusta , daughter of Ivor Guest , 1st Baron Wimborne , in 1898 . The couple had 2 sons and 2 daughters .
He resigned from holy orders to pursue a political career , and was elected to the House of Commons for Brighton at a by-election on 5 April 1905 caused by the appointment of one of the two members as a minister . He won the by-election by 817 votes and held the seat at the 1906 general election , increasing his majority to 853 , but then chose not to contest the January 1910 general election .
Villiers died at his residence , Speen Court , Newbury , Berkshire in September 1923 , aged 59 . He was buried in the graveyard of Speen Parish Church .
References
External links
leighrayment.com
http : //www.stirnet.com/ ( subscription only )
1863 births
1923 deaths
Ernest Villiers
Liberal Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs 1906–1910
People educated at Uppingham School
Alumni of Peterhouse , Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
John Keller ( born October 5 , 1965 ) is an American former handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Carenum affine is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1864 .
References
affine
Beetles described in 1864
Elections to the East Lothian District Council took place in May 1992 , alongside elections to the councils of Scotland 's various other districts .
Ward Results
Labour ( 9 )
Musselburgh East
Musselburgh Central
Musselburgh South
Musselburgh West
Tranent/Ormiston
Carberry
Prestonpans West
Prestonpans East
Lammermuir
Conservative ( 7 )
Cockenzie
Gladsmuir
Haddington
Direleton
Dunbar
East Linton
North Berwick
SNP ( 1 )
Tranent North
References
1992
1992 Scottish local elections
The 165th Infantry Brigade is a brigade of the United States Army . It no longer serves a combat role , and instead is a training unit of the United States Army .
History
World War I
The 165th Infantry Brigade , constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army as headquarters , 165th Infantry Brigade , and assigned to the 83rd Division . Organized 25 August 1917 at Camp Sherman , Ohio , and demobilized 12 February 1919 at Camp Sherman , Ohio .
The unit was reconstituted 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves as headquarters and Headquarters Company , 165th Infantry Brigade , and assigned to the 83rd Division . Organized in November 1921 at Columbus , Ohio . Redesignated 23 March 1925 as Headquarters and headquarters Company , 165th Brigade . The location of the garrison was changed 22 March 1934 to Dayton , Ohio , then Redesignated 24 August 1936 as headquarters and Headquarters Company , 165th Infantry Brigade .
World War II
Converted and redesignated 23 February 1942 as the 83rd Reconnaissance Troop ( less 3rd Platoon ) , 83rd division Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 165th infantry Brigade , concurrently converted and redesignated as the 3rd Platoon , 83rd reconnaissance Troop , 83 Division .
Troop ordered into active military service 15 August 1942 and reorganized at Camp Atterbury , Indiana , as the 83rd Cavalry reconnaissance Troop , and element of the 83rd Infantry division .
Reorganized and redesignated 12 August 1943 as the 83rd Reconnaissance troop , Mechanized .
Inactivated 23 March 1945 at Camp Kilmer , New Jersey .
Cold War
During the Cold War , the unit underwent more changes . On 28 October 1946 , it was redesignated as the 83rd Mechanized Cavalry Reconnaissance Troop and Activated 14 November 1946 as the 83rd Mechanized Cavalry Reconnaissance troop at Cleveland , Ohio . It was then Organized Reserves re-designated 25 March 1948 as the Organized Reserve Corps ; redesignated 9 July 1952 as the Army reserve , and later reorganized and redesignated 15 August 1949 as the 83rd Reconnaissance Company .
Location changed 21 April 1954 to Athens , Ohio ; on 7 April 1956 to Toledo , Ohio , and later Inactivated on 20 March 1959 at Toledo , Ohio .
Converted and redesignated ( less 3rd Platoon ) 27 March 1963 as headquarters and headquarters Company , 2nd Brigade , 83rd Infantry Division ( 3rd Platoon , 83rd reconnaissance Company – hereafter separated lineage ) .
The unit saw one last period of activity during the Cold War . It was activated 15 April 1963 at Columbus , Ohio and then inactivated 31 December 1965 at Columbus , Ohio
Today
The unit was again activated on 26 January 2007 as headquarters and Headquarters Company , 165th Infantry Brigade and transferred to the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command ; Headquarters concurrently activated at Fort Jackson , South Carolina to serve as a Training Brigade .
Order of battle
Headquarters and Headquarters Company ( HHC )
1st Battalion , 34th Infantry Regiment
3rd Battalion , 34th Infantry Regiment
2nd Battalion , 39th Infantry Regiment
3rd Battalion , 39th Infantry Regiment
4th Battalion , 39th Infantry Regiment
1st Battalion , 61st Infantry Regiment
Campaign participation credit
World War I ( Streamer without inscription )
World War II
Normandy
Northern France
Rhineland
Ardennes-Alsace
Central Europe
References
`` The history of the 165th Infantry Brigade ''
`` The Brigade : A History , Its Organization and Employment in the US Army ''
The Institute of Heraldry : 165th Infantry Brigade
165
Military units and formations established in 1917
Northleigh is a village in East Devon , Devon , England .
Northleigh may also refer to :
Northleigh , Alberta , Canada
Northleigh , North Devon , a location
Stephen Northleigh , English politician
North Leigh , Oxfordshire , England
Ayga ( ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 304 as of 2002 . There are 5 streets .
Geography
Ayga is located 31 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Yelifanovskaya Vystavka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The American Association of Professional Landmen ( AAPL ) is a professional organization in the United States that unites approximately 18,000 landmen and land-related persons in North America through professional development and service . AAPL 's mission is to promote standards of performance for all land professionals , to advance their stature and to encourage sound stewardship of energy and mineral resources .
Certification
The association started a voluntary certification program in June 1979 . The AAPL provides three levels of certification to attest to a landman 's knowledge and expertise . A Registered Landman , the initial certification , identifies someone with a fundamental knowledge of the land industry . The Registered Professional Landman certification identifies someone who has professional experience as a landman . The Certified Professional Landman has demonstrated a comprehensive level of professional experience and competency in the land business .
See also
American Association of Petroleum Geologists
Independent Petroleum Association of America
Independent Petroleum Association of Mountain States
Society of Exploration Geophysicists
References
External links
AAPL website
Trade associations based in the United States
Petroleum in the United States
Professional associations based in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Texas
Organizations based in Fort Worth , Texas
In the United Kingdom a 'para-law firm ' is an alternative legal service provider . It combines regulated legal services offered by a solicitor and/or a barrister with the services of unregulated paralegals . The combination relies on paralegals working outside the solicitor 's or barrister 's practices to achieve cost savings for clients .
As paralegals often handle the bulk of the time-consuming legal processing tasks , clients who use the services of a para law firm can benefit from significant reductions in legal costs , whilst still receiving professional legal representation .
The para-law firm ensures that the paralegal work is conducted under the watchful eye of a regulated professional via an external consultancy arrangement .
Effectively , a para law firm can be seen to perform the role of a ‘ legal case manager ' – distributing the tasks between paralegals , legal executives , solicitors and barristers in the most efficient manner . A para law firm 's role is to coordinate the performance of legal tasks to achieve cost-effectiveness for clients , while ensuring that the case adheres to agreed time schedules and to expected quality standards .
The term ‘ para law firm ' was first coined by Dr Yuri Rapoport B.Sc SJD , an Australian solicitor and legal services visionary , who is also credited for coining the term Law Broker , which refers to a legal referral service .
The world 's first para-law firm ( 'LCM ' or 'Legal Case Management ' ) was launched by the Kohen Rapoport Group in the United Kingdom in 2017 .
References
Global Legal Post - First ever 'para-law ' firm launches in the UK -
Law Society Gazette - ‘ Para-law ' firm boasts of bypassing solicitors
Law of the United Kingdom
The 2013–14 Marist Red Foxes men 's basketball team represented Marist College during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Red Foxes , led by first year head coach Jeff Bower , played their home games at the McCann Arena and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference . They finished the season 12–19 , 9–11 in MAAC play to finish in a three way tie for sixth place . They lost in the first round of the MAAC Tournament to Niagara . On June 2 , 2014 , head coach Jeff Bower resigned after one season to take the General manager position with the Detroit Pistons . On June 17 , 2014 , Marist hired Mike Maker as their new head coach .
Previous season
The Red Foxes finished the 2012–13 season 10–21 , 6–12 in MAAC play to finish in eighth place . They lost in the first round of the MAAC Tournament to Siena . On March 14 , 2013 , head coach Chuck Martin was fired . On April 10 , 2013 , Marist hired Jeff Bower as their new head coach .
Roster
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # E51837 ; color : # FFFFFF ; '' | Regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # E51837 ; color : # FFFFFF ; '' | 2014 MAAC Tournament
References
Marist Red Foxes men 's basketball seasons
Marist
The wild card was established for Major League Baseball 's playoffs in with the intention of helping the best teams that did not win their division to still have a chance to win the World Series . The restructuring of both the American League and National League from two to three divisions each made it necessary to either give one team a bye in the first round of playoffs , or create the wild card for the best second-place team . In addition , the wild card guaranteed that the team with the second-best record in each league would qualify for the playoffs , even if they were in the same division with the team having the best record . As the 1994 postseason was canceled due to the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike , was the first postseason with a wild card team .
Beginning in 2012 , a second wild card team was added to each league . The two wild card teams in each league face each other in a one-game playoff , the Wild Card Game , with the winner advancing to meet the number one seed in the Division Series .
For the 2020 postseason only , the field expanded to include three second-place teams per division , followed by the wild card teams represented by the next two best records from each league . All eight teams played in a best-of-three Wild Card Series .
Starting in 2022 , a third wild card team was added to each league . The lowest-seeded wild card team ( # 6 seed ) would then face the lowest-seeded division winner ( # 3 seed ) in the best-of-three Wild Card round , with the remaining two Wild Card teams ( # 4 and # 5 seed ) squaring off in the other bracket . The Division Series will then have the top-seed play the fourth-fifth winner , while the runner-up plays the third-sixth winner . The brackets remain fixed , with no re-seeding .
AL Wild Card qualifiers by year
Through the 2021 postseason , there have been a total of 37 AL wild card teams ( one each season during 1995–2011 , and two each season since 2012 ) . The AL East has produced 24 , the AL Central five , and the AL West eight . The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees have been a wild card qualifier a record eight times each .
Through the 2020 postseason , two AL wild card teams have gone on win the World Series ( Anaheim in 2002 and Boston in 2004 ) , two teams won the AL pennant but lost the World Series ( Detroit in 2006 and Kansas City in 2014 ) , and eight other teams won a division series but lost the championship series , most recently the Yankees in 2017 .
Most AL Wild Card appearances
Notes :
The Los Angeles Angels were known as the Anaheim Angels during 1997–2004 .
The Houston Astros competed in the National League before 2013 .
The Cleveland Guardians were known as the Cleveland Indians until 2021 .
See also
American League Division Series
List of National League Wild Card winners
Major League Baseball division winners
Wild card ( sports ) # Major League Baseball
Wild card ( sports ) # Record disparities
References
American
Wild Card
Miss Europe 2001 , was the 54th edition of the Miss Europe pageant and the 43rd edition under the Mondial Events Organization . It was held at the Beirut International Exhibition & Leisure Center in Beirut , Lebanon on December 29 , 2001 . Élodie Gossuin of France , was crowned Miss Europe 2001 by out going titleholder Yelena Rogozhina of Russia .
Results
Placements
Special awards
Contestants
- Gentiana Ramadani
- Irina Tovmasian
- Alesya Shmigel'skaya
- Ann Van Elsen
- Sanja Plese
- Karla Milinovic
- Despina Romanaki
- Ema Černáková
- Mary Nordman
- Ragne Sinikas
- Susanna Tervaniemi
- Élodie Gossuin
- Ana Ashvetiya
- Katharina Berndt
- Eleftheria Pantelidaki
- Irena Pantelic
- Palma Perenyi
- Íris Björk Árnadóttir
- Julija Djadenko
- Maja Georgieva
- Loredana Zammit
- Yuliya Shavelyeva
- Adriana Gerczew
- Corina Nicoleta Tulan
- Oksana Kalandyrets
- Marzia Bellesso
- Lucia Pilkova
- Anja Slatinsek
- Verónica Martín García
- Elisabeth Halle
- Suna Azak
- Kseniya Kuz'menko
- Nevena Djordjevic
References
External links
Miss Europe
2001 beauty pageants
2001 in Lebanon
Bric Agnellino is a mountain in Liguria , northern Italy , part of the Ligurian Prealps .
Geography
Bric Agnellino is located west of Colle di Cadibona in the province of Savona . It has an elevation of 1,335 metres . The mountain is the tripoint where the comuni of Magliolo , Giustenice and Bardineto meet .
Climbing
From some year is available a via ferrata named Ferrata degli Artisti that follows the Balzi Rossi ridge ( from the reddish rocks dominating there .
References
Mountains of the Ligurian Alps
Mountains of Liguria
Agnellino
QRN sur Bretzelburg ( Eng . Lit. , QRN over Bretzelburg ) , written by Franquin and Greg , drawn by Franquin with assistance by Jidéhem , is the eighteenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine under the name QRM sur Bretzelburg over an unusually long period ( including a break in 1962 ) , before a delayed hardcover album release in 1966 .
Story
In QRN over Bretzelburg , trouble stems from Fantasio 's amazingly small transistor radio which gets wedged stuck inside the Marsupilami 's nose . Apart from the grief and restlessness caused to all nearby by the unstoppable radio , the device jams the transmissions received by Marcelin Switch , a neighbour and radio enthusiast , who claims that this puts the life of King Ladislas of Bretzelburg in grave danger . While Spirou and Switch take Marsupilami to the clinic for nose surgery , Fantasio wearing a bathrobe and slippers in the wrong place at the wrong time is abducted by secret Bretzelpolizei who mistake him for Switch . Leaving the Marsupilami to recover in the hospital , Spirou , Spip and the nervous Switch travel to the dictatorial state of Bretzelburg , determined to rescue Fantasio , currently being tortured by the enthusiastic Dr.Kilkil . There , the team , reunited with the Marsupilami who has recovered uncannily fast and followed them across Europe , deal with a very unusual political situation ...
Background
Franquin has explained that he started QRN intending it to be another Zorglub story , but that this was vetoed by publisher Dupuis , who had seen enough of the character for the moment . Lost for ideas , Franquin called Greg to help come up with a new plot . Even with this help , Franquin was forced by an early bout of depression to abandon the story half-way through and return to it later . Franquin realised at that time that he would not carry on with Spirou et Fantasio for much longer .
In established comic book tradition , this album features apparently identical twin policemen similar to Thomson and Thompson from The Adventures of Tintin , this time in a stereotypically German incarnation . In one scene , the angry King tells them to take their hats off in his presence , assuring them that they run no risk of brain colds .
Edits
When first published in Spirou magazine , the story was named QRM sur Bretzelburg . The title was changed from `` QRM '' to `` QRN '' between the serialisation and the book publication .
The magazine also featured scenes which were edited out for the book edition :
In the opening , Spirou runs around the house desperately switching off Fantasio 's loud-playing radios . He even goes so far as mistaking the air conditioner , the toaster and the flash camera for radios .
The Marsupilami causes chaos when he wanders around town with the miniature radio jammed in his nose . A commentary on a football game matches his moves as he gets around the various people in his way , faces a policeman ( goalkeeper in the commentary ) and a goal is struck when the pursuing Spirou and Fantasio collide with the officer .
Later , in Bretzelburg , Kilikil forces Fantasio to walk around the jail 's exercise yard with shoes that are far too small for him . ( This takes place after the scene where Fantasio is shown banging on the cell door and complaining about having no shoes ; the shoes can be seen when he is moved to another cell next to the kitchen . )
Themes
In this story Franquin highlights the arms trade and how it encourages unnecessary conflict between nations in the pursuit of profit . He also satirises the effect on the local economy with people forced to pedal to move the bus due to fuel restrictions ; the lack of food in the shops ; and newspapers being worn as clothes . The weapons themselves are also shown as useless : oil barrels are stuck together to appear like rockets and grenades are made from food tins with the contents still inside . One might also in general see a de facto satire over life in then contemporary totalitarian states in especially Eastern Europe , like e.g . DDR . ( Both stereotypical Germans and actual spoken German appear in the story . )
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1966 graphic novels
1966 in comics
Comics set in Europe
Comics set in a fictional country
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
Social responsibility is an ethical framework in which an individual is obligated to work and cooperate with other individuals and organizations for the benefit of the community that will inherit the world that individual leaves behind .
Social responsibility is a duty every individual has to maintain ; a balance between the economy and the ecosystem one lives within . A trade-off might perhaps exist between economic development , in the material sense , and the welfare of the society and environment . Social responsibility pertains not only to business organizations but also to everyone whose actions impact the environment . It aims to ensure secure healthcare for people living in rural areas and eliminate barriers like distance , financial condition , etc . Another example is keeping the outdoors free of trash and litter by using the ethical framework combining the resources of land managers , municipalities , nonprofits , educational institutions , businesses , manufacturers , and individual volunteers , which will be required to solve the ocean microplastics crisis . One can be socially responsible passively , by avoiding engaging in socially harmful acts , or actively , by performing activities that advance social goals . Social responsibility must be intergenerational , since the actions of one generation have consequences on those following .
Corporate social responsibility
Ethical decision making by businesses can prevent costly intervention in those businesses by government agencies . For instance , if a company follows the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) guidelines for emissions of dangerous pollutants and goes further involved the community and address concerns the public might have , they might be less likely to have the EPA investigate them for environmental concerns . `` A significant element of current thinking about privacy , however , stresses 'self-regulation ' rather than market or government mechanisms for protecting personal information . '' According to some experts , most rules and regulations are formed due to public outcry , which threatens profit maximization and therefore the well-being of shareholders ; if there is no outcry , there often will be limited regulation .
Some critics argue that corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) distracts from the fundamental economic role of businesses ; others argue that it is nothing more than superficial window-dressing , or `` greenwashing '' ; others argue that it is an attempt to pre-empt the role of governments as a watchdog over powerful corporations , although there is no systematic evidence to support these criticisms . A significant number of studies have shown no negative influence on shareholder results from CSR but rather a slightly negative correlation with improved shareholder returns .
Corporate social responsibility or CSR has been defined by Lord Holme and Richard Watts in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development 's publication `` Making Good Business Sense '' as `` the continuing commitment by business to behave ethically and contribute to economic development while improving the quality of life of the workforce and their families as well as the local community and society at large . '' CSR is a strategy with which companies try to create a positive impact on society while doing business . Evidence suggests that CSR adopted voluntarily by companies is more effective than CSR mandated by governments . There is no clear-cut definition of what CSR comprises . Every company has different CSR objectives , though the main motive is the same , though these CSR often involves conflicts of interest that must be navigated . Companies try to improve qualitatively ( the management of people and processes ) and quantitatively ( the impact on society ) . Company stakeholders take an interest in `` the outer circle '' how the activities of the company are impacting the environment and society . An example of a social responsibility campaign is Baked Bros ' `` Think Global Support Local '' Campaign , which focused on supporting local Arizona communities by donating meals to first responders during the COVID pandemic .
While many corporations include social responsibility in their operations , those procuring the goods and services may independently ensure the products are socially sustainable . Verification tools are available from many entities internationally , for example the Underwriters Laboratories environmental standards , BIFMA , BioPreferred , and Green Seal . A reputation aligned with social responsibility is linked to higher profits , particularly when firms voluntarily report the positive and negative impacts of their social responsibility endeavors .
Certification processes like these help corporations and their consumers identify potential risks associated with a product 's lifecycle and enable end users to confirm the corporation 's practices adhere to social responsibility ideals . A reputation for social responsibility leads to more positive responses toward a brand 's products by inducing a reciprocal desire to help companies that have helped others , an effect that is more prominent among consumers who value helping others and is reduced if consumers doubt a firm 's intentions .
Scientists and engineers
Are scientists and engineers morally responsible for the negative consequences that result from applications of their knowledge and inventions ? If scientists and engineers take pride in the positive achievements of science and technology , should n't they also accept responsibility for the negative consequences related to the use or abuse of scientific knowledge and technological innovations ? Scientists and engineers have a collective responsibility to examine the values embedded in the research problems they choose and the ethics of how they share their findings with the public .
Committees of scientists and engineers are often involved in planning governmental and corporate research programs , including those devoted to the development of military technologies and weaponry . Many professional societies and national organizations , such as the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering in the United States , have ethical guidelines ( see Engineering ethics and Research ethics for the conduct of scientific research and engineering ) . Scientists and engineers , individually and collectively , have a special and greater responsibility than average citizens with respect to the generation and use of scientific knowledge .
Some argue that because of the complexity of social responsibility in research , scientists and engineers should not be blamed for all the evils created by new scientific knowledge and technological innovations . First , there is fragmentation and diffusion of responsibility : Because of the intellectual and physical division of labor , the resulting fragmentation of knowledge , the high degree of specialization , and the complex and hierarchical decision-making process within corporations and government research laboratories , it is exceedingly difficult for individual scientists and engineers to control the applications of their innovations . This fragmentation of work and decision-making results in fragmented moral accountability , often to the point where `` everybody involved was responsible but none could be held responsible . ''
Another problem is ignorance . The scientists and engineers can not predict how their newly generated knowledge and technological innovations may be abused or misused for destructive purposes . The excuse of ignorance is stronger for scientists involved in very basic and fundamental research where potential applications can not be even envisioned , than for scientists and engineers involved in applied scientific research and technological innovation since in such work objectives are well known . For example , most corporations conduct research on specific products or services that promise to yield the greatest possible profit for share-holders . Similarly , most of the research funded by governments is mission-oriented , such as protecting the environment , developing new drugs , or designing more lethal weapons . In cases where the application of scientific knowledge and technological innovation is well known a priori , a scientist or engineer can not escape responsibility for research and technological innovation that is morally dubious . As John Forge writes in Moral Responsibility and the Ignorant Scientist : `` Ignorance is not an excuse precisely because scientists can be blamed for being ignorant . ''
Another point of view is that responsibility falls on those who provide the funding for the research and technological developments ( in most cases corporations and government agencies ) . Because taxpayers provide the funds for government-sponsored research , they and the politicians that represent them should perhaps be held accountable for the uses and abuses of science . In times past scientists could often conduct research independently , but today 's experimental research requires expensive laboratories and instrumentation , making scientists dependent on those who pay for their studies .
Quasi-legal instruments , or soft law principle has received some normative status in relation to private and public corporations in the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights developed by the UNESCO International Bioethics Committee particularly in relation to child and maternal welfare . The International Organization for Standardization will `` encourage voluntary commitment to social responsibility and will lead to common guidance on concepts , definitions and methods of evaluation . ''
See also
Accountability
Corporate social responsibility
Inclusive business
SA8000
Shareholder primacy
Social enterprise
Social entrepreneurship
Socially responsible investing
Notes
References
Haynes , T. ( n.d. ) . Social Responsibility and Organizational Ethics . Retrieved May 8 , 2010 , from Answers.com : http : //www.answers.com/topic/social-responsibility-and-organizational-ethics
Kalinda , B . ( Ed. ) . `` Social Responsibility and Organizational Ethics . '' ( 2001 ) . Encyclopedia of Business and Finance ' ( 2nd ed. , Vol . 1 ) . New York : Macmillan Reference .
Pride , William M. , Hughes , Robert James , & Kickapoo , Jack R. ( 2008 ) . Business ( 9th ed . ) Boston , MA : Hough-ton McFarland Company .
Further reading
Huesemann , Michael H. , and Joyce A. Huesemann ( 2011 ) . Technofix : Why Technology Wo n't Save Us or the Environment , Chapter 14 , `` Critical Science and Social Responsibility '' , New Society Publishers , Gabriola Island , British Columbia , Canada , , 464 pp .
National Academy of Sciences , National Academy of Engineering , and Institute of Medicine , On Being a Scientist : Responsible Conduct in Research '' , The National Academies Press , 1995 , http : //www.nap.edu
Applied ethics
Concepts in ethics
Euthenics
Social ethics
Social movements
Sociological terminology
Toolbrunup is among the highest peaks in the Stirling Ranges of Australia . Toolbrunup is made from sediments deposited during the Ediacaran Period and later metamorphosed to quartzites and shales . These formation rocks were later folded during basement rock movement .
The first European to climb the peak was Ensign Robert Dale , who did so in 1832 when he passed through the area .
John Septimus Roe did the same three years later and the botanist James Drummond followed in the 1840s and returned several times to collect and identify plants in the area .
The traditional owners of the area are the Minang and Koreng peoples . Toolbrunup shares its name with Lake Toolbrunup and the name is thought to mean `` the place that has water when all else is dry '' .
References
Mountains of Western Australia
Great Southern ( Western Australia )
Noongar placenames
Louis IV of Germany may refer to :
Louis the Child , the last Carolingian king of Germany , or rather of East Franks
Louis IV , Holy Roman Emperor
In mathematics , particularly in algebra , an indeterminate system is a system of simultaneous equations ( e.g. , linear equations ) which has more than one solution ( sometimes infinitely many solutions ) . In the case of a linear system , the system may be said to be underspecified , in which case the presence of more than one solution would imply an infinite number of solutions ( since the system would be describable in terms of at least one free variable ) , but that property does not extend to nonlinear systems ( e.g. , the system with the equation ) .
An indeterminate system by definition is consistent , in the sense of having at least one solution . For a system of linear equations , the number of equations in an indeterminate system could be the same as the number of unknowns , less than the number of unknowns ( an underdetermined system ) , or greater than the number of unknowns ( an overdetermined system ) . Conversely , any of those three cases may or may not be indeterminate .
Examples
The following examples of indeterminate systems of equations have respectively , fewer equations than , as many equations as , and more equations than unknowns :
Conditions giving rise to indeterminacy
In linear systems , indeterminacy occurs if and only if the number of independent equations ( the rank of the augmented matrix of the system ) is less than the number of unknowns and is the same as the rank of the coefficient matrix . For if there are at least as many independent equations as unknowns , that will eliminate any stretches of overlap of the equations ' surfaces in the geometric space of the unknowns ( aside from possibly a single point ) , which in turn excludes the possibility of having more than one solution . On the other hand , if the rank of the augmented matrix exceeds ( necessarily by one , if at all ) the rank of the coefficient matrix , then the equations will jointly contradict each other , which excludes the possibility of having any solution .
Finding the solution set of an indeterminate linear system
Let the system of equations be written in matrix form as
where is the coefficient matrix , is the vector of unknowns , and is an vector of constants . In which case , if the system is indeterminate , then the infinite solution set is the set of all vectors generated by
where is the Moore–Penrose pseudoinverse of and is any vector .
See also
Indeterminate equation
Indeterminate form
Indeterminate ( variable )
Linear algebra
Simultaneous equations
Independent equation
Identifiability
References
Further reading
Linear algebra
A BLS digital signature— also known as Boneh–Lynn–Shacham ( BLS ) —is a cryptographic signature scheme which allows a user to verify that a signer is authentic .
The scheme uses a bilinear pairing for verification , and signatures are elements of an elliptic curve group . Working in an elliptic curve group provides some defense against index calculus attacks ( with the caveat that such attacks are still possible in the target group of the pairing ) , allowing shorter signatures than FDH signatures for a similar level of security .
Signatures produced by the BLS signature scheme are often referred to as short signatures , BLS short signatures , or simply BLS signatures . The signature scheme is provably secure ( the scheme is existentially unforgeable under adaptive chosen-message attacks ) in the random oracle model assuming the intractability of the computational Diffie–Hellman problem in a gap Diffie–Hellman group .
Pairing functions
A gap group is a group in which the computational Diffie–Hellman problem is intractable but the decisional Diffie–Hellman problem can be efficiently solved . Non-degenerate , efficiently computable , bilinear pairings permit such groups .
Let be a non-degenerate , efficiently computable , bilinear pairing where , are groups of prime order , . Let be a generator of . Consider an instance of the CDH problem , , , . Intuitively , the pairing function does not help us compute , the solution to the CDH problem . It is conjectured that this instance of the CDH problem is intractable . Given , we may check to see if without knowledge of , , and , by testing whether holds .
By using the bilinear property times , we see that if , then , since is a prime order group , .
BLS signature scheme
A signature scheme consists of three functions : generate , sign , and verify .
Key generation
The key generation algorithm selects a random integer such as . The private key is . The holder of the private key publishes the public key , .
Signing
Given the private key , and some message , we compute the signature by hashing the bitstring , as . We output the signature .
Verification
Given a signature and a public key , we verify that .
Properties
Simple Threshold Signatures
Signature Aggregation : Multiple signatures generated under multiple public keys for multiple messages can be aggregated into a single signature .
Unique and deterministic : for a given key and message , there is only one valid signature ( like RSA PKCS1 v1.5 , EdDSA and unlike RSA PSS , DSA , ECDSA and Schnorr ) .
Applications
Chia network has used BLS signatures
By 2020 , BLS signatures were used extensively in version 2 ( Eth2 ) of the Ethereum blockchain , as specified in the IETF draft BLS signature specification—for cryptographically assuring that a specific Eth2 validator has actually verified a particular transaction . The use of BLS signatures in Ethereum is considered a solution to the verification bottleneck only for the medium term , as BLS signatures are not quantum secure . Over the longer term—say , 2025–2030—STARK aggregation is expected to be a drop-in replacement for BLS aggregation .
See also
Pairing-based cryptography
References
External links
Summary description of the Algorand draft standard effort
Ben Lynn 's PBC Library
Chia Network 's BLS signatures implementation ( C++ )
Digital signature schemes
Pairing-based cryptography
Mount Rider is a mountain in the municipality of Frontenac , in Le Granit Regional County Municipality , Estrie , in Quebec , in Canada . This mount is part of the Appalachian Mountains ; its altitude is .
Geography
The mountain is located in range 4 which leads to lac aux Araignées in the municipality of Frontenac . The Saint John 's Chapel is located near its summit at 620 meters above sea level .
Toponymy
The toponym `` Mont Rider '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
Notes and references
Appalachian summits
Summits of Estrie
Le Granit Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Saroja Kumari Jhuthu ( born June 5 , 1968 ) is an Indian sport shooter . She won the gold medal in the Women 's 25m Pistol ( Pairs ) with Sushma Rana at the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
References
Jhutu , Saroja
ISSF pistol shooters
Jhutu , Saroja
Jhutu , Saroja
Jhutu , Saroja
1968 births
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian people
Murder in the Private Car is a 1934 American pre-Code mystery romance film starring Mary Carlisle , Charles Ruggles and Una Merkel . Directed by Harry Beaumont , the production is based on the play The Rear Car by Edward E. Rose . David Townsend was the film 's art director .
Plot
This is the story of Los Angeles switchboard operator Ruth Raymond ( Mary Carlisle ) . She learns from lawyer Alden Murray ( Porter Hall ) that she is actually the daughter of railroad tycoon Luke Carson ( Berton Churchill ) . She had been kidnapped as a baby by Luke 's brother and partner Elwood , and placed with strangers . Once it is found out that she is an heiress , there is an attempt on her life by her bodyguard and chauffeur , which is foiled by Godfrey Scott ( Charles Ruggles ) .
A telegram from her father is intercepted and replaced , telling her to meet him in New York instead of Los Angeles , and that a private train car has been arranged . Ruth , Murray , and her best friend Georgia Latham ( Una Merkel ) board the train bound for New York . In the private car , the lights go out and an announcement is heard , `` Eight hours to live '' , after which Scott introduces himself to Ruth and her friends as a sleuth who prevents crime . Scott reunites Ruth with her boyfriend John Blake ( Russell Hardie ) , who has stowed away . Then the train is suddenly stopped until the wreck of a circus train on the tracks is cleared .
Murray is murdered and `` Five hours to live '' is announced . Then an escaped circus gorilla attacks Ruth , Georgia , and Scott before jumping from the train to its death . The next morning , the train stops in the same small town where Luke Carson 's train has also stopped . He has been tipped off by a radio message to meet her . Now with no reason to go to Los Angeles , her father joins Ruth 's party in the private car .
Then one by one all the windows are blackened and the lights put out , and a voice informs the passengers that the private car is about to be uncoupled from the train and will roll backwards downhill towards another train , the Limited ; and a secret panel is opened , showing concealed explosives that will make sure no one survives the crash .
Luke Carson recognizes the sinister voice as that of his brother Elwood , who is in fact the conductor in charge of the private car . Elwood confirms his identity and says Luke once cheated him . Scott finds and kills Elwood , then finds a radio transmitter on the car and uses it to broadcast a warning of the imminent collision and explosion . The Limited 's engineers hear the broadcast and reverse their train , but this also risks a collision since a freight train is following it . Fortunately there is a conveniently located railway yard where quick-thinking railwaymen can throw switches to send the Limited , the freight , and the runaway private car onto three separate tracks .
Then they dispatch a locomotive to catch up with the runaway car , warning its engineer about the explosives . Rather than coupling to the car , the engineer pulls close to it so that everyone on board can jump onto the front platform of the steam locomotive . Then he stops the locomotive , just before the runaway car derails on a curve and explodes . When everyone gets off to look , Scott and Georgia embrace .
Cast
Charles Ruggles as Godfrey D. Scott
Una Merkel as Georgia Latham
Mary Carlisle as Ruth Raymond ( aka Ruth Carson )
Russell Hardie as John Blake
Porter Hall as Alden Murray
Willard Robertson as Hanks - Car Conductor
Berton Churchill as Luke Carson
Cliff Thompson as Mr. Allen
Snowflake as Titus - Car Porter
Harry Semels as Evil Eye ( scenes deleted )
Uncredited cast
Ernie Adams as Taxi Driver
Hooper Atchley as Conductor on Eastbound Train
Jack Baxley as Conductor in Holton
Walter Brennan as Switchman
Raymond Brown as Bertillion Man
James P. Burtis as Switchman
Jack Cheatham as Foreman
Ray Corrigan as Naba the Gorilla
Sterling Holloway as Office Boy
Olaf Hytten as Man Asking About Radio
Wilfred Lucas as Train Conductor Thrown from Train
Matt McHugh as Policeman Stopping John
G. Raymond Nye as Detective
Lee Phelps as Policeman Carrying Ruth
Production
The entire film was shot along the Southern Pacific 's Donner Pass .
References
External links
1934 films
1930s mystery films
1930s romance films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
American mystery films
American romance films
Comedy mystery films
Films directed by Harry Beaumont
Films set in Los Angeles
Films set on trains
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by Edgar Allan Woolf
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Mid-Ohio Opera is an opera production company based in Mansfield , Ohio . Mid-Ohio Opera was incorporated in 2014 . The company uses contemporary stagings of classic repertory . Mid-Ohio Opera tries to use non-traditional venues in a `` pop-up '' fashion . A registered 501c3 , they rely on community support , corporate sponsorship , and grants .
Mid-Ohio Opera has a support guild and a community opera chorus .
Performances
Coffee Cantata , J.S . Bach 2014
Il Pagliacci , Leoncavallo 2014
Die Winterreise , F. Schubert 2015
L'Elisir D'Amore , G. Donizetti 2015
Hopera ! - Beer . Opera . Feast !
In Good Company ( With The Richland Academy of the Arts RADE dancers . )
Madama Butterfly , Puccini 2016
Evensong 10/04/16
Schubert and Schnitzel 10/22/16
Christmas Oratorio , Camille Saint-Saëns 12/11/16
La Boheme 2017
Messiah 2017
Il Tabarro 2018
Un Ballo in Maschera 2018
TEDx Mansfield , OH : Featured Performers 2018
Messiah 2018
Die Fledermaus 2018
Death and Everyman 2019
Cosi Fan Tutti 2019
Carmen 2019
Messiah 2019
Bluebeard 's Castle 2020
Remainder of the 2020 Schedule was cancelled , due to Covid-19 pandemic .
2021 Schedule - Porgy & Bess , Abduction from the Seraglio .
External
Mid-Ohio Opera
@ midohioopera
http : //www.facebook.com/midohioopera
References
American opera companies
Theatre companies in Ohio
2014 establishments in Ohio
Mansfield , Ohio
For a complete list see : Category : Football clubs in Liberia
B
Bame Monrovia
Barrack Young Controllers Football Club
D
Devereux Football Club
Desert Football Club
F
FC Fassell
Fatu Football Club
FCAK-Liberia
G
Ganta Black Stars
Gedi & Sons Football Club
I
[ [ Innterfada f.c
]
J
Jasmine Rangers Football Club
Jubilee FC
Junior Professional Football Club
K
Keitrace FC
L
Liberia Petroleum Refining Company Oilers
Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club
M
Mark Professionals
Mighty Barrolle
Mighty Blue Angels FC
Monrovia Black Star Football Club
Monrovia Club Breweries
Monrovia FC
Muscat FC ( Liberia )
N
National Port Authority Anchors
Nimba Football Club
Nimba United Football Club
S
Saint Joseph Warriors Football Club
St Anthony FC
U
United Soccer Ambassador Football Club
W
Watanga Football Club
External links
RSSSF
Liberia
Football clubs
Football clubs
Vasilina Vasilyevna Kuliyeva ( née Zakharchenko , , born 20 November 1981 ) is a Russian politician of the Liberal Democratic Party , who was a member of the State Duma between 2011 and 2012 , and 2016 and 2021 .
Biography
In 2004 , she graduated from the N. G. Chernyshevsky Transbaikal Pedagogical University , with a degree in jurisprudence . From 2005 to 2008 she worked in the Chita branch of Spasskie Vorota insurance group as a lawyer , in parallel , she was the deputy coordinator of the Chita regional branch of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia .
From 2008 to 2011 , she worked as an employee of the Governor 's staff of Zabaykalsky Krai , at the same time was an assistant to the member of the 5th State Duma from LDPR . In 2009 , she came second in the mayoral election in Chita . In December 2011 she elected memder of the 6th State Duma on the list of the Liberal Democratic Party , entering the Committee on family , women and children and Commission on parliamentary ethics . She resigned as deputy on 17 December 2012 to run for 2013 gubernatorial elections . As LDPR candidate for the Governor of Zabaykalsky Krai she took third place with 10 % of the vote . In the elections to the 7th State Duma , she ran for the Liberal Democrats in Dauria constituency No . 44 , and was elected on 18 September 2016 .
In the elections to the 8th State Duma Kulieva was running in the same Dauria constituency , but unlike the previous campaign ruling United Russia party also decided to nominate the candidate for this seat . As a result , Kuliyeva came only 4th in the race , after Yury Grigoryev from SRZP , Yekaterina Fisun from United Russia and Communist Dmitry Nosov .
See also
Results of the 2016 Russian legislative election by constituency
List of members of the 7th Russian State Duma
References
Living people
1981 births
Sixth convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Seventh convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
People from Chita , Zabaykalsky Krai
21st-century Russian women politicians
Liberal Democratic Party of Russia politicians
Faustina Pignatelli Carafa , princess of Colubrano ( 9 December 1705-30 December 1769 ) , was an Italian mathematician and scientist from Naples . In 1732 , she became only the second woman ( after the Bolognese physicist Laura Bassi ) to be elected to the Academy of Sciences of Bologna .
In 1734 , Faustina published a paper titled Problemata Mathematica using the name `` anonima napolitana '' ( a Latin phrase meaning `` anonymous female from Naples '' ) , in the German scientific journal Nova Acta Eruditorum , which was published entirely in Latin .
Alongside her brother Peter , she was educated by Nicola De Martino and was instrumental in introducing the theories of Isaac Newton to Naples . She was an important participator in the scientific debate in Italy and corresponded with the French Academy of Sciences .
Upon her marriage to the poet Francesco Domenico Carafa in 1724 , she was given the principality Colubrano in southern Italy as a dowry by her father .
Francesco Maria Zanotti , secretary of the Academy of Sciences of Bologna from 1723 to 1766 , mentioned her as a gifted mathematician in 1745 .
References
A. Brigaglia , P. Nastasi , Bologna e il Regno delle due Sicilie : aspetti di un dialogo scientifico ( 1730-1760 ) , « Giornale critico della filosofia italiana » , LXIII , 2 , 1984 , pp . 145–178 .
1705 births
1785 deaths
18th-century Italian physicists
Italian women physicists
18th-century Neapolitan people
18th-century Italian women scientists
Women mathematicians
Italian mathematicians
Faustina
Hari Krishna Karki ( ) is a Nepalese judge . He is currently a justice of the Supreme Court of Nepal .
See also
Deepak Raj Joshee
Gopal Prasad Parajuli
References
External links
Supreme Court of Nepal
Living people
Justices of the Supreme Court of Nepal
1958 births
Nepalese Hindus
People from Okhaldhunga District
A lunar terrane is a major geological province on the Moon . Three terranes have been identified on the Moon : the Procellarum KREEP Terrane , the Feldspathic Highlands Terrane , and the South Pole–Aitken Terrane . Each terrane has a unique origin , composition , and thermal evolution .
Procellarum KREEP Terrane
The Procellarum KREEP Terrane , or PKT , is a large province on the near side of the Moon that has high abundances of KREEP . KREEP is an acronym built from the letters K ( the atomic symbol for potassium ) , REE ( rare-earth elements ) and P ( for phosphorus ) , and is a geochemical component of some lunar impact breccia and basaltic rocks . Notably , it is high in the KREEP element thorium , at a level of 4.8 ppm . This is a major factor distinguishing it from the other terranes . The PKT is on the near side of the moon , and covers 10 % of the lunar surface , or 16 % if one includes the maria lying within the FHT . Despite this , it contains 60 % of all basaltic flows . KREEP has been shown to lower the melting point of rocks similar to those found on the Moon , and is expected to have contributed to volcanism in the region .
The Oceanus Procellarum and Mare Imbrium regions lie within the PKT . In general , many maria , such as ( but not limited to ) Mare Frigoris and Mare Cognitum are members of the PKT . Not all maria are in the PKT , however - Mare Crisium and Mare Orientale are located within the outer Feldspathic Highlands .
The PKT is the only terrane to lie exclusively in the near side of the Moon . Human and robotic missions have been done to this terrane , and samples have been returned to Earth for further study .
Felspathic Highlands Terrane
The Felspathic Highlands Terrane ( alternatively Feldspathic ) , or FHT , is composed predominantly of ancient anorthositic materials . It has low iron oxide and thorium levels . The FHT can be split into an inner and outer felspathic highlands . The outer FHT has comparatively higher levels of iron oxide and thorium . It is thought to be part of the FHT , with the differences being due to modification by ejecta from impacts in other terranes . The FHT covers 65 % of the lunar surface .
Overall , 6 % of the lunar surface ( and hence 9 % of the FHT ) consists of maria within the FHT , such as Mare Moscoviense . FHT maria have on average only 2.2 ppm of thorium , which is twice as much as the lunar average but significantly less than the levels seen in the PKT maria . Outer FHT non-maria regions contain 1 ppm of thorium , and only 0.3 ppm of thorium in the inner FHT .
The inner FHT lies exclusively in the far side of the Moon , whereas the outer FHT spans both sides and is the one of two terranes on the near side of the Moon , along with the PKT . No spacecraft have landed on the inner FHT , as the only lander to the far side touched down in the South Pole-Aitken Terrane . In contrast , the outer FHT has been the subject of human landings and sample return .
South Pole-Aitken Terrane
The South Pole-Aitken Terrane , or SPAT , may simply represent deep crustal materials of the Feldspathic Highlands Terrane . It has thorium levels between those of the PKT and FHT . The SPAT can be divided into two terranes , an outer and an inner SPAT . The outer SPAT has less iron oxide and thorium than its inner counterpart , although the thorium levels are still between those of the PKT and FHT . The terrane has its origins in a large impact that occurred early in the Moon 's history and which had a major impact on the Moon 's thermal evolution .
The inner and outer SPAT cover 5.3 % and 5.7 % of the lunar surface , respectively . Despite collectively covering 11 % of the surface , SPAT contains only 5.8 % of the thorium in the lunar crust .
The SPAT lies exclusively in the far side of the moon , and contains the South Pole-Aitken basin . Chang ' e 4 , the first and only far-side lander , has landed in the region . It is not a sample return mission , and thus no samples have been directly taken from this terrane yet .
Historical terranes
In the 1600s , the Moon was divided into two terranes , terra and maria . The terra terrane was thought to be landmass , and the maria terrane was thought to be the Moon 's ocean , although this is now known to be false . The maria terrane is lower in elevation and younger in age than the terra terrane , and was formed by lava . The terra terrane is higher and older , and hence more cratered . Visually , the maria correspond to the dark regions of the Moon , and the terra to the light .
Map of lunar terrane
See also
Geology of the Moon
References
Geology of the Moon
Geochemistry
Terranes
Bill and keep ( B & K or BAK ) , also known as net payment zero , is a pricing arrangement for the interconnection ( direct or indirect ) of two telecommunications networks under which the reciprocal call termination charge is zero . That is , each network agrees to terminate calls from the other network at no charge . According to the OECD , Bill and Keep is defined as `` A pricing scheme for the two-way interconnection of two networks under which the reciprocal call termination charge is zero - that is , each network agrees to terminate calls from the other network at no charge '' .
Bill and keep represents a modern approach to interconnection charging in which the networks recover their costs only from their own customers rather than from the sending network . Such an arrangement acts to remove the wholesale cost barrier to the retail pricing for off-network calls and has been proven to result in significantly higher levels of calling activity .
On October 27 , 2011 , the U.S. Federal Communications Commission announced that it would adopt a bill-and-keep framework for all telecommunications traffic exchanged with local exchange carriers as part of an effort to reduce arbitrage practices such as traffic pumping and phantom traffic , encourage the deployment of IP-based networks , and reduce artificial competitive distortions between wireline and wireless carriers .
In the European mobile telecommunications sector , in the absence of a bill and keep arrangement , the wholesale markets have traditionally applied the calling party pays principle , in which an originating network pays the terminating network a charge called the mobile termination rate or fixed termination rate for calls to the terminating network . The mobile termination rates paid under the mobile termination rate model , therefore , act as a cost floor to the retail pricing , preventing lowering of prices and innovation of retail propositions . In many countries including the UK , the mobile termination rate model has thus led to a high level of regulatory activity aimed at capping the mobile termination rates at a competitive level , which inevitably acts to reinforce the cost floor rather than being pro-competitive .
Although Bill and Keep has gained momentum , some drawbacks have been identified with this model , such as issues related to the quality of service offered to the end user .
References
Telephony
Telecommunications Billing Systems
The Customs and Excise Federation was a trade union federation representing civil servants in the United Kingdom .
The federation was founded in 1917 by the Customs and Excise Officers ' Association , National Customs and Excise Federation , and the UOA . Other small unions representing specific workers in the HM Customs and Excise department of the British civil service joined later .
Later affiliates included :
Customs and Excise Controlling Grades Association
Customs and Excise Surveyors ' Association
Customs and Excise Waterguard Superintendents ' and Waterguard Surveyors ' Association
Although the unions retained some autonomy , the federation represented them in joint negotiations , and also represented them at the Trades Union Congress . By 1971 , the federation represented a total of 4,300 members .
In 1972 , the federation merged with the Customs and Excise Preventative Staff Association , the other significant union in the department , to form the Customs and Excise Group .
References
Trade unions established in 1917
Trade unions disestablished in 1972
1917 establishments in the United Kingdom
1972 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Civil service trade unions
Grants Pass High School is a public high school located in Grants Pass , Oregon , United States . The school colors are blue and white , and the mascot is the Caveman . The mascot is a reference to the Oregon Caves National Monument , which is an important tourist attraction in nearby Cave Junction , Oregon .
History
Grants Pass High School was originally built in 1885 , in a wooden building located at Fourth and C Streets . The first graduating class was in 1888 . Around 1911 a new building was built at the center of the present campus on Olive Street , between 8th and 9th Streets . In 1939 , North Junior High School was built next door . Various other additions to the campus occurred between 1948 and 1969 , including expansions to the central building as well as numerous satellite buildings . When North Junior High School was relocated , its old campus became the English Building . In 1988 , a fire destroyed the grandstands on Mel-Ingram Field and damaged the large gym . The grandstands were replaced in 1989 on the west side of the field .
In 1998 , the entire campus was demolished and re-constructed . The facility is now a state-of-the-art high school , complete with a performing arts center which is also used as a convention center and theater for the community . In addition to the performing arts center , the campus also consists of a main building ( housing the library , front office , counseling office , and career center ) , the commons ( housing the cafeteria ) , the arts/science building , the vocational/technical building , and Heater/Newman Memorial Gymnasium . The gymnasium features 'pit ' style seating and contains an indoor running track ..
The campus is spread over approximately of land in downtown Grants Pass ; the new facility was constructed to house approximately 1800 students .
Academics
In 2008 , 81 % of the school 's seniors received a high school diploma . Of 448 students , 363 graduated , 49 dropped out , five received a modified diploma , and 31 were still in high school in 2009 . In 2017 , 72 % of the school 's seniors received a high school diploma , 5 % lower than the state average of 77 % .
In 2017 the school had higher absentee rates , across all grades , than the state average .
Athletics
Grants Pass High School is a Southwest Conference 6A-6 OSAA High School . Teams include football , cross-country , volleyball , equestrian , swimming , basketball , wrestling , soccer , bowling , baseball , golf , softball and tennis . Traditionally , Grants Pass exceeds in wrestling and volleyball . The swim team has placed first at the 6A district meet , and has consistently sent swimmers to the state championship .
In December of 1948 , the Cavemen won the state football championship after defeating Jefferson High School 6-0 . During the return trip , the chartered bus transporting the team went off the side of the road , resulting in the deaths of two athletes : Sterling Heater and Al Newman . Because the trophy was badly damaged during the accident , the OSAA offered to replace it with a new trophy in exchange for the old , damaged one . However , the team refused to give up the trophy , and the OSAA eventually allowed the school to keep both trophies .
In the 2014 football season , the Cavemen went 9-0 during the regular season en route to becoming the undefeated SW Conference Champions . During that season , the Cavemen put up over 50 points on four occasions , over 70 points twice during the regular season , and over 70 once again in the playoffs . The season ended with a loss in the third round of the playoffs to West Salem .
State championships
Football : 1948 , 1951 , 1964 , 1967
Boys basketball : 1962
Wrestling : 1962 , 1963 , 1964
Cheerleading : 1988
Softball : 2008 , 2010
Boys track and field : 1947 , 2015
Extracurricular activities
Grants Pass High School offers many extracurricular clubs and programs , including Academic Masters , Brain Bowl , Choir , Leadership , Marching Band and Color Guard , Math Team , Music Honor Society , Mock Trial , National Honor Society , Orchestra , Skills USA , State of Jefferson Scavenger Hunt , and Theatre .
The school 's Mock Trial team , under the direction of Jennifer Tyrell for several years , and then Dianne Mackin in 2020 , qualified for and competed in the state Mock Trial competition at the Portland Mark O. Hatfield courthouse . In 2020 , along with the team placing first , one of the team members , Adam Gross , was awarded the first ever ranked attorney award at regionals for highest scoring participant .
The school 's marching band , under the direction of Jason Garcia , was named the 2010 NWAPA circuit champions for their production `` Traffic '' . The Marching Band and Auxiliary performed in the 2010 Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade by invitation on November 25 , 2010 . In 2018 , they were named the NWAPA circuit champions with their production `` One Step Closer . '' The Marching Band and Auxiliary were invited to perform in the 2018 Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade . In 2019 , the team won their second consecutive circuit title with their production `` Over Under . '' As of 2020 , the band 's current director is Lewis Norfleet .
The school also offers a wide variety of clubs , including Anime Club , Dungeons & Dragons Club , Environmental Action Club , Future Business Leaders of America , German Club , History Club , Future Health Professionals , Interact Club , Key Club , Minority Education Challenge Adversity , Mock Trial , Native American Student Union , Origami Club , Robotics Engineering Club , Southern Oregon Pride , Speech and Debate , Yearbook Club , Young Life Club , and Z Club .
Walkout controversy
On November 16 , 2021 , a student-lead walkout in support of the LGBTQ+ community occurred . The walkout was organized in response to the controversial decision by the school district to reinstate Rachel Damiano and Katie Medart , two middle school educators who had previously been terminated for violating district policy . Damiano and Medart had founded the online movement `` I Resolve '' , which advocated for a more restrictive approach to gender identity at schools . The student protest soon attracted counter-protesters with religious affiliations , leading to a heated clash between the two groups . The Grants Pass Police Deparment made three arrests at the event , including a 15-year-old student who spit in a counterprotestors face , and a 14-year-old student who assaulted the same man with a broomstick . The protest and subsequent arrests gained a significant amount of media coverage .
Notable people
Alumni
Ethen Beavers , comic book artist
Tom Blanchard , former professional football player
Brandon Drury , professional baseball player
Bob `` Hardcore Holly '' Howard , professional wrestler
Merrill McPeak , 14th Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force
Jerry Sherk , NFL player
Faculty
John Tully , former coach
References
High schools in Josephine County , Oregon
Grants Pass , Oregon
Educational institutions established in 1885
Public high schools in Oregon
1885 establishments in Oregon
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Leith , after the historic Scottish port of Leith :
was launched in 1744 or 1746 in the British `` Plantations '' , more specifically , the colony of Maryland as the merchant ship Leith . From 1764 to 1777 she traded with Greenland as a whaler . Between 1777 and 1782 she served the Royal Navy as a transport and hired armed naval ship . She was last listed in 1783 .
was a sloop launched in 1933 and sold in 1946 into civilian service . She was renamed Byron and Friendship before being acquired by the Royal Danish Navy in 1949 and renamed HDMS Galathea . She was sold for scrap in 1955 .
See also
HM hired armed ship Leith ( 1793 ) was a 6-gun ship hired for service in the Royal Navy between 1793 and 1801 .
HM hired armed ship Leith ( 1804 ) was a 16-gun ship hired for service in the Royal Navy between 1804 and 1806 .
References
Royal Navy ship names
The Bathhouse ( Баня , Banya ) is a play by Vladimir Mayakovsky written in 1929 , for the Meyerhold Theatre . It was published for the first time in the November , No.11 issue of Oktyabr magazine and released as a book by Gosizdat in 1930 . The play premiered at the People 's House 's Drama Theatre , in Leningrad on January 30 , 1930 . The `` 6-act drama with the circus and the fireworks '' ( according to the subtitle ) , satirizing bureaucratic stupidity and opportunism under Joseph Stalin , evoked strong criticism in the Soviet press , particularly from the Russian Association of Proletarian Writers .
Background
Mayakovsky started working upon The Bathhouse right after his return to Moscow from France on 2 May 1929 . As well as its predecessor , The Bedbug , this one in retrospect is seen as a logical continuation of Mayakovsky 's late 1920s satirical cycle ; several of its themes and sub-plots have been taken from the shorter poems of 1926-1929 . `` [ The play 's ] political agenda is fighting the narrow-mindedness , opportunism , bureaucratism , and paving the way for heroism , the tempo increase , for the Socialist perspectives , '' the author told Literaturnaya Gazeta in a 1929 interview .
History
The Bathhouses rough version was finished in September 1929 , but Mayakovsky continued to make changes to the text while performing the play at public recitals . On 22 September he read the play at home to a circle of friends , the next day at the meeting of the Meyerhold Theatre 's Arts and politics council .
Speaking at the discussion which followed , Vsevolod Meyerhold extolled The Bathhouse , rating it as high as the best work of Moliere , Pushkin and Gogol . `` [ This play ] is the greatest phenomenon in the history of the Russian theatre , but we have to applaud Mayakovsky the poet , who 's given us the pieces of prose , written as masterfully as the poetry ... Without any doubt , Mayakovsky starts [ with it ] the whole new epoch . '' The Council 's resolution unanimously recommended the play to be produced at the theatre . According to the contract , signed on 5 October , Mayakovsky 's function at the theatre was to be the director 's assistant . Judging by the drawings the author made of Pobedonosikov and Optimistenko characters , he also planned to work as a designer .
More public recitals followed : on 27 September ( at home in Moscow ) , 12 October ( the State Academic Chapel hall , Leningrad ) , 13 October ( Moskovsky-Narvsky House of Arts , Leningrad ) , 20 October ( Press House , Leningrad ) , 25 October ( Polytechnic Museum ) , 27 October ( the Press House , Moscow ) . Mayakovsky performed for the workers ' audiences in factories , including Moscow 's 1st Exemplary Typography ( 30 October ) , Krasny Luch ( 9 November ) , Proletary ( 4 December ) and Icarus ( 28 December ) . Speaking to the audience of the Moscow 1st Typography on 30 October , Mayakovsky commented upon the question of whether the play has been now fully complete : `` I never regard any of my work as complete and final 'monument to myself ' , as it were . I firmly believe in the creative forces of the working class , I come to [ the workers ' audience ] get some help regularly ... I receive criticism of different sort , and try to find use for all of these critical remarks . ''
On 20 December Mayakovsky read The Bathhouse at the Narkompros ' repertoire committee and took part in the discussion that followed . Serious problems with censorship arose , though , and the play was approved for production only on 9 February 1930 , on condition that some of the episodes would be `` softened '' .
All the while Mayakovsky , deeply involved in the rehearsals at the Meyerhold Theatre , was changing the text of the play continuously . Not all these changes have made their way into the printed edition of the play ; the manuscript of this extended stage version of the text has been lost .
Productions
The play premiered on 30 January 1930 at the People 's House 's Drama theatre in Leningrad , directed by Meyerhold 's student Vladimir Lyutze , with Boris Babochkin in the leading role . Among those present was Mikhail Zoshchenko , who in 1933 remembered : `` The play was received with deadly coldness . Not a burst of laughter , not a single clap in the course of the first two acts . Never in my life have I witnessed a flop so heavy . ''
The Bathhouse premiered at the Meyerhold Theatre on 16 March 1930 , with Maxim Shtraukh as Pobedonosikov and Zinaida Reich as the Phosphorescent Woman . The musical score for the show was written by Vissarion Shebalin . One of the junior cast members ( playing reporter Momentalshchikov ) was Valentin Pluchek who in 1953 produced The Bathhouse at the Moscow Satire Theatre . Again , the audience remained largely unmoved . Actor Igor Ilyinsky remembered in 1958 : `` I saw Vladimir Vladimirovich at the Meyerhold Theatre premier ... After the performance which was received not particularly well by the public , Mayakovsky , who felt [ his failure ] acutely , stood in the lobby all by himself , looking each and every person who was leaving the theatre straight into the eye . ''
On 17 March The Bathhouse was shown at the Leningrad 's Tovstonogov Bolshoi Drama Theater , directed by Pavel Weisbrem , with Sergey Balashov as Pobedonosikov . All three productions evoked stormy criticism in the Soviet press ( a lone exception being the 8 April 1930 Pravda article by V.Popov-Dubovskoy ) . Such hostile reaction dealt a heavy blow to the author and apparently contributed to his submerging into deep depression .
The Bathhouse was performed – by the Meyerhold Theatre during its tour in Povolzhye ( 1930 ) , and the Tovstonogov Theatre in Belorussia and Ukraine ( 1930 ) , but by 1931 the play has been dropped from both theatres repertoire , as , after its author 's suicide the four-year 'silent obstruction ' campaign got started in the Soviet press , which Lilya Brik put a dramatic end to in 1935 with her daring personal letter to Stalin .
On 19 July 1951 , on the day of Mayakovsky 's 58th birthday , the Ruben Simonov-produced version of the play ( featuring Igor Ilyinsky as Pobedonosikov ) was broadcast on the Soviet Radio . Its massive success had a snowball effect , several major productions followed in 1952-1953 which marked the `` second birth '' of The Bathhouse in the Soviet theatre .
Characters
Pobedonosikov , the chief of the Directing the Coordination process department .
Polya , his wife
Pont Kitch , the foreigner ( ↓ )
Optimistenko , Pobedonosikov 's secretary
Isak Belvedonsky , portraitist , naturalist , batalist
Momentalshchikov , reporter
Nochkin , embezzler
Chudakov , inventor
Velosipedkin , light cavalry man
Madame Mezalyansova , interpreter
Foskin , Dvoikin and Troikin , workers
Ivan Ivanovich , minor official
The Phosphorescent Woman
The chairman of the House Committee
( ↑ ) Pont Kitch 's speeches look like indecipherable nonsense , but they are an elaborate linguistic experiment in which the English phrases are compiled with the phonetically similar Russian words . The translator Rita Rait who helped Mayakovsky , remembered in her memoirs : `` Mayakovsky said : 'We have to come up simultaneously with an English word and the Russian one , constructed on the base of it . For example , 'is very well ' in Russian would be ' i zver revel ' ( 'and a beast was roaring ' ) [ ... ] Thus from 'do you want ' emerged 'dui Ivan ' ( 'blow , Ivan ' ) , 'plenty ' turned into 'plyunte ' ( 'spit ' ) , 'just mean ' - into 'jasmine ' , ' I understand ' - into 'Indostan ' ( 'Hindustan ' ) , ' I say if ' - into 'Aseyev ' ( the surname ) . Some words were used in their Russian transcriptions : 'sleep ' - 's lip ' ( 'from linden-trees ' ) , 'to go ' - 'tugo ' ( 'tight ' ) , 'swell ' - 'svel ' ( 'brought together ' ) ... ''
Synopsis
In 1930 the inventor Chudakov creates the Time machine , but experiences great difficulties , having to face the Soviet bureaucracy , mainly in the face of Pobedonosikov , an archetype bureaucrat . The Phosphorescent Woman arrives from 2030 ( sent by the Institute of Studying of the History of Communism ) and invites to her time and space every single person who 's got at least some virtue . As the expedition starts into the Communist future , Pobedonosikov and other 'baddies ' get thrown off the Machine , ejected by the Time itself .
Critical reception
All three premiere performances of The Bathhouse in Leningrad and Moscow evoked stormy criticism in the Soviet press . According to Krasnaya Gazeta , the issue of bureaucratism in it was `` handled ... superficially and one-sidedly , '' the play 's fantasies being `` abstract and bloodless . '' `` The audiences remained emotionally cold and were indifferently trying to follow the plot which in itself occasionally is muddled , '' wrote a reviewer . In his bid to expose this vice , Mayakovsky `` failed to provide the class analysis of the bureaucratism… The People House 's Drama Theatre 's production by V. Lyutse proved to be uninventive and only aggravated the author 's fallacies , '' Leningradskaya Pravda ( 2 February ) argued .
`` Boredom rules in the People 's House at the performance of The Bathhouse by Mayakovsky . You just sit there and wait until all this ends . The audience is cold as ice ... The play 's main issue , bureaucratism , is approached in a primitive way , and no flight of fantasy can save this politically vapid thing ... The production ( director Lyutse ) has failed to improve the play , engaged in experimenting with form for the form 's sake , without much thought for content , '' wrote Smena on 5 February .
On 9 March , a week before the Moscow premiere , Pravda published Vladimir Yermilov 's article `` On the Petty Bourgeois Leftism in our Fiction '' where , on the strength of just one published fragment he accused the author of supporting `` the Leftish slant '' . Meyerhold in the 13 March issue of Vechernyaya Moskva defended Mayakovsky and his play . On 17 March Yermilov in an article called `` Three Mistakes of Comrade Meyerhold '' reinstated his position . Mayakovsky responded by coming up with a slogan hung in the theatre 's hall during the performance , which read : `` You wo n't steam off the bureaucrats ' hordes at once / There wo n't be bathhouses , or soap enough / Besides , bureaucrats are being supported / by critics like Yermilov '' . The RAPP leadership demanded that the slogan should be removed , and it was . Yermilov was mentioned in Mayakovsky 's suicidal note as the one he would have liked to `` see through this raw with . ''
The 16 March performance at the Meyerhold Theatre was followed by the second wave of criticism in the Soviet press . On 21 March Rabochaya Gazeta wrote : It is impossible to believe in Mayakovsky 's dream because he himself does not believe in it himself . All these `` time machines '' and `` phosphorescent women '' are nothing but a noisy twaddle . And his scornful attitude towards our reality in which he sees nobody but the ignorant chatterboxes , narcissistic bureaucrats and the 'passers-by ' , is quite telling ... His workers are lifeless stooges speaking the heavy , tricky language of Mayakovsky himself . All in all , a wearisome , confused performance which could be interesting just for a small group of literary gourmets . Workers wo n't take such 'bath ' eagerly .
`` Mayakovsky portrays monstrous bureaucrats without pointing to the ways of dealing with them , '' Komsomolskaya Pravda complained on 22 March 1930 , concluding : `` In all honesty , the play turned out bad , Meyerhold had no business staging it . '' Nasha Gazeta found the author 's exposure of bureaucratism not 'serious ' enough . `` Newspapers are full of examples of bureaucratic monstrosities , and what Mayakovsky does is with a serious face ... reports about the cases of petty bureaucracy ... The play is not serious enough for the times we live in , '' read the 28 March 1930 review .
Elsewhere , The Bathhouse was described as `` a mix of hoary anecdotes ... cheap puns , rough prose , high-school utopias and popular science '' ( Rabochy I Teatr , 5 February ) , `` superficial '' , and failing to `` put its subject matter into the context of class struggle '' ( Rabochy i Iskusstvo , 20 March ) , `` dated agitka '' ( Rabochy i Teatr , 1 April ) , `` overblown , obscure and fragmentary '' ( Krasnaya Gazeta , 19 , 26 March ) .
On 10 April Mayakovsky attended the performance of The Bathhouse at the Meyerhold Theatre . Critic Alexander Fevralsky remembered : `` He stood looking morbid and smoked , leaning against the doorpost . To cheer him up , I started speaking about the Popov-Dubovskoy 's article in Pravda , which , written by the culture department 's chief reflected the position of the newspaper thus probably putting an end to this anti-Bathhouse campaign . `` It does n't matter anymore , this is too late , '' he retorted . Four days later Mayakovsky committed suicide .
References
1930 plays
Plays by Vladimir Mayakovsky
Elo Hansen is a retired male badminton player from Denmark who won international titles in all three events ( singles , doubles , and mixed doubles ) from the late 1960s through the mid-1970s .
Career
Hansen won the gold medal at the 1970 European Badminton Championships in men 's doubles with Per Walsøe and the silver medal in singles in the same tournament . He was a singles silver medalist again at the European Championships in 1976 . A highly impressive shotmaker , Hansen played in four consecutive Thomas Cups ( men 's international team ) campaigns for Denmark , ( '66–'67 , '69–'70 , '72–'73 , '75–'76 ) , but never overtook his contemporary , Svend Pri , as Denmark 's leading player of that era . Hansen 's international singles titles included the French Open ( 1969 ) , the Dutch Open ( 1970 ) , the Swedish Open ( 1971 ) , the Norwegian International ( 1973 ) , and the Portugal International ( 1974 ) . His finest moment in badminton probably came in Denmark 's narrow ( 4–5 ) 1970 Thomas Cup semi-final loss to defending champion Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur when he defeated both Tan Aik Huang and Punch Gunalan in straight games .
Achievements
International tournaments
Men 's doubles
References
Danish male badminton players
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
E. orientalis may refer to :
Eleutherodactylus orientalis , a frog species endemic to Cuba
Erioptera orientalis , a crane fly species in the genus Erioptera
Ervatamia orientalis , a plant species in the genus Ervatamia found in Australia
Erythrina orientalis , a plant species
Eudynamys orientalis , the Pacific koel or Eastern koel , a cuckoo species found from Wallacea east to the Solomon Island and south to northern and eastern Australia
Eurystomus orientalis , the Oriental dollarbird or dollar roller , a bird species
Synonyms
Erigone orientalis , a synonym for Hylyphantes graminicola , a small spider species with palaearctic distribution
See also
Orientalis ( disambiguation )
Jules Mersch ( 29 March 1898 – 1 May 1973 ) was a Luxembourgian publisher and writer , born in Luxembourg City . He was the general director of Victor Buck publishing house , in which capacity he edited the National Biography of Luxembourg ( ) . This work involved him writing , in large parts , articles about the main political families of the early years of the Grand Duchy , including the Metz and Brasseur families .
References
Luxembourgian writers
Male biographers
1898 births
1973 deaths
People from Luxembourg City
Cheer refers to the act of cheering .
Cheer may also refer to :
Cheer ( brand ) , laundry detergent brand
Cheer ( cheese ) , cheese brand
Cheer ( TV series ) , American docuseries
Cheer Chen ( born 1975 ) , singer-songwriter
Jacqui Cheer , British police officer
Margaret Cheer , American actress
Ursula Cheer , New Zealand academic
See also
Cheerleading , also referred to as cheer
The second USS Volunteer ( ID-3242 ) was a United States Navy collier in commission from 1918 to 1919 .
Construction acquisition , and commissioning
SS Volunteer was built for the United States Shipping Board as a cargo ship by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation at Alameda , California , and launched on 18 May 1918 . She was earmarked for U.S. Navy World War I service with the naval registry Identification Number ( Id . No . ) 3242 , and was delivered to the Navy on 23 August 1918 . She was commissioned as USS Volunteer the same day .
United States Navy service
Pressed into service as a collier , Volunteer departed San Francisco , California , on 7 September 1918 , bound for East Asia . During that voyage , she made port calls at Shanghai , China , and Hong Kong before arriving at Manila on the island of Luzon in the Philippines on 24 October 1918 . From there , she moved south to Iloilo on the island of Panay , located in the central Philippines . She reached Iloilo on 6 November 1918 and , after a false start and a return for additional fuel , finally set course back to the United States on 8 December 1918 . Volunteer reached Oahu in the Hawaiian Islands on 1 January 1919 and remained in Hawaii until 9 January 1919 , when she got underway for the United States East Coast . Volunteer arrived in New York City on 15 February 1919 .
On 27 February 1919 , Volunteer was simultaneously decommissioned , stricken from the Navy List , and returned to the United States Shipping Board .
Later career
Once again SS Volunteer , the ship remained in the possession of the United States Shipping Board until 1937 , when she was sold to the Lykes Brothers-Ripley Steamship Company of New Orleans , Louisiana . That company operated her under the name SS Volunteer until either 1946 or 1948 , < ref > According to the Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images ( at http : //www.history.navy.mil/photos/sh-civil/civsh-v/voluntr.htm ) , Lykes Brothers-Ripley Steamship Company sold Volunteer in 1946 ; according to the Dictionary of Naval Fighting Ships ' and NavSource Online , that company sold her in 1948. < /ref > then sold her to Arm . Transatlantica of Panama . Renamed SS Andalusia '' , she continued in commercial service until she was wrecked on Waadah Island in the Strait of Juan de Fuca near Cape Flattery , Washington , on 4 November 1949 .
Notes
References
Department of the Navy : Naval Historical Center : Online Library of Selected Images : Civilian Ships : Volunteer ( American Freighter , 1918 ) . Served as USS Volunteer ( ID # 3242 ) in 1918-1919
NavSource Online : Civilian Vessel Photo Archive Volunteer ( ID 3242 )
Ships built in Alameda , California
1918 ships
World War I cargo ships of the United States
Colliers of the United States Navy
USS Callao ( IX-205 ) , an unclassified miscellaneous vessel , was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Callao , a seaport in Peru . She was built for the Kriegsmarine as the weather ship and icebreaker Externsteine . The ship was captured on 16 October 1944 by of the Greenland Patrol and was temporarily commissioned into the United States Coast Guard as USCGC East Breeze before being turned over to the United States Navy and commissioned as USS Callao in January 1945 . The ship was sold out of service in 1950 , and broken up the following year .
Description
The ship was long , with a beam of and a draught of . She had a displacement of 1,015 tons . She was powered by a 750 shp triple expansion steam engine with an exhaust turbine driving a single screw propeller , which could propel her at .
History
The ship was built in 1943–44 as yard number 570 by P. Smit , Jr. Shipyard , Rotterdam , South Holland , Netherlands . Originally intended to be the trawler Mannheim for the Nordsee Deutsche Hochseefischerei , Wesermünde , she was requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine as Externsteine . She was launched in 1944 , and completed in July of that year . The ship was originally named for the unusual Externsteine rock formation investigated by Heinrich Himmler for evidence of cultural significance to early Teutonic folklore and history . Externsteine had the identification number WBS 11 . Her complement was nineteen crew plus eleven meteorologists . She was employed as a weather observation ship off Shannon Island on the northeast coast of Greenland to aid forecasting of storm events tactically significant to North Atlantic and European combat operations , but was captured on the night of 15 October–16 October 1944 by the American icebreaker USCGC Eastwind .
On 2 October , a Grumman J2F Duck aircraft from USCGC Eastwind spotted a trawler camouflaged in a field of unconsolidated pack ice off North Little Koldewey Island , where the Germans had set up a weather station . The camouflaged ship was visible on the aircraft 's radar . Personnel from USCGC Eastwind captured the twelve crew of the weather station on 4 October . Documents captured revealed that the ship that they had spotted was the Externsteine , which was apparently escorted by a U-boat . The search for Externsteine was delayed by the weather , but on 14 October she was found trapped in ice off Cape Borgen . At 21:00 on 15 November , USCGC Eastwind located Externsteine at a range of of her radar , and `` battle stations '' was ordered . Captain Thomas decided to attack at a range of , was also present , and illuminated the target with her searchlight . At a range of , the icebreaker fired three salvos from its 5 '' /38 guns ( one short , one over and one across the bow ) . The shots landed around the vessel , and the Germans used their blinker light to transmit the message `` We give up '' in English . The reply , sent back in German , was `` Do not scuttle ship '' . Both icebreakers approached the ship , and the surrender was formally accepted . It was discovered that scuttling charges had been placed in the ship , but these were disarmed with the assistance of Externsteines engineering officer . Her three officers were taken back on board the vessel during the disarming as a way of guaranteeing that the ship would not be scuttled .
The captain of Externsteine later told his captors that he thought the attack was being carried out by tanks , and he was amazed that the ships could break through the ice at the speed they did . He opined that the Americans would have to scuttle his ship as it was trapped in the ice . Externsteine was renamed East Breeze by her captors . However , by using explosives on the ice , the ship was freed . A prize crew of 36 men from both icebreakers soon had the ship under way . At the time , it was the northernmost combat operation ever undertaken by United States forces . Externsteine was the only enemy surface vessel captured by the United States naval forces during World War II .
The prize crew brought her into Boston , Massachusetts , by way of Reykjavík and Naval Station Argentia , Newfoundland . On 30 November , she was involved in a collision with . At Boston , she was commissioned into the United States Navy on 24 January 1945 , with Lieutenant D. O. Newton , USNR , in command .
Between 30 January 1945 and 4 February she was outfitted at Philadelphia Navy Yard for special experimental work for the U.S Navy Bureau of Ships , and for the next five years carried out tests in the area of Cape May , New Jersey , and Cape Henlopen , Delaware . She was decommissioned on 10 May 1950 , and sold 30 September 1950 . The following year she was scrapped .
Notes
Name given in various sources as East Breeze and Eastbreeze
References
Sources
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in the Netherlands
Weather ships
1944 ships
Auxiliary ships of the Kriegsmarine
Naval ships of Germany captured by the United States during World War II
Maritime incidents in October 1944
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Lorenz Leskosek ( born 16 March 2000 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for SV Lafnitz .
Club career
On 6 February 2019 , Leskosek joined SV Lafnitz .
International career
Leskosek has played seven games for Austria U15 , six for Austria U16 , three for Austria U17 , eight for Austria U18 and one for Austria U19 .
References
2000 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Association football defenders
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
Austria youth international footballers
FC Liefering players
SV Lafnitz players
The second season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants , created by Stephen Hillenburg , aired on Nickelodeon from October 26 , 2000 , to July 26 , 2003 , and consists of 20 half-hour episodes . The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom . The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg , who also acted as the showrunner .
During the season 's run , SpongeBob SquarePants became Nickelodeon 's 2 children 's program , behind Rugrats . Nearly 40 percent of SpongeBobs audience of 2.2 million were aged 18 to 34 . The show signed a marketing deal with Target Corporation and Burger King , expanding its merchandising , and SpongeBob 's popularity translated well into sales figures . In 2002 , the show was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children 's Program . Tom Kenny and Mary Jo Catlett were individually nominated at the 29th Annie Awards for their voice performances as SpongeBob and Mrs . Puff , respectively . Peter Straus and Paul Tibbitt were also nominated at the ceremony for their work on the `` Christmas Who ? '' special . The episodes `` The Secret Box '' and `` Band Geeks '' won at the 2002 Golden Reel Awards for Best Sound Editing in Television—Animation , while the episodes `` Jellyfish Hunter '' and `` The Fry Cook Games '' received a nomination for Best Sound Editing in Television Animation—Music category .
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released . The SpongeBob SquarePants : The Complete 2nd Season DVD was released in Region 1 on October 19 , 2004 , Region 2 on October 23 , 2006 , and Region 4 on November 30 , 2006 .
Production
The season aired on Nickelodeon , which is owned by Viacom , and was produced by United Plankton Pictures and Nickelodeon Animation Studio . The season 's executive producer was series creator Stephen Hillenburg , who also functioned as the series ' showrunner . During production of the previous season , Nickelodeon picked up a second season for SpongeBob SquarePants on August 31 , 1999 . The season premiered more than a year later , on October 26 , 2000 . Season production assistant Derek Iversen commented , `` We hoped it would go one season . We hoped it would go two seasons . I figured you do the best you can and you hope . ''
In this season , production switched from cel animation , used during the first season , to digital ink and paint . Executive producer Paul Tibbitt , in 2009 , said `` The first season of SpongeBob was done the old-fashioned way on cells , and every cell had to be part-painted , left to dry , paint some other colours . It 's still a time-consuming aspect of the process now , but the digital way of doing things means it does n't take long to correct . '' The animation was handled overseas in South Korea at Rough Draft Studios . Animation directors credited with episodes in the second season included Sean Dempsey , Edgar Larrazabal , Larry Leichliter , Andrew Overtoom , Leonard Robinson , Frank Weiss , and Tom Yasumi . The season was storyboarded by Walt Dohrn , C.H . Greenblatt , Chris Headrick , Chuck Klein , Carson Kugler , Jay Lender , Caleb Meurer , Dan Povenmire , William `` Bill '' Reiss , Octavio Rodriguez , Jim Schumann , Aaron Springer , Paul Tibbitt , and Erik Wiese .
Episodes were written by a team of writers , which consisted of Dohrn , David Fain , Greenblatt , Mr. Lawrence , Lender , Mark O'Hare , Povenmire , William Reiss , Springer , Tibbitt , and Merriwether Williams . During the season , the writing staff used their individual childhood experiences as inspirations to come up with much of the story lines for individual episodes . For example , in the episode `` Sailor Mouth '' , SpongeBob learns profanity . The idea for the episode was inspired by creative director Derek Drymon 's experience `` [ when ] I got in trouble for saying the f-word in front of my mother . '' Drymon said , `` The scene where Patrick is running to Mr. Krabs to tattle , with SpongeBob chasing him , is pretty much how it happened in real life . '' The end of the episode , where Mr. Krabs uses more profanity than SpongeBob and Patrick , was also inspired `` by the fact that my [ Drymon 's ] mother has a sailor mouth herself . '' In `` The Secret Box '' , SpongeBob wants to see what is inside Patrick 's secret box . The idea came to Drymon because he too had a secret box as a child . Creator Hillenburg said , `` [ He ] started telling us about it . We wanted to make fun of him and use it . ''
Cast
The second season featured Tom Kenny as the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary . SpongeBob 's best friend , a starfish named Patrick Star , was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke , while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles , an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus . Other members of the cast were Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs , a miserly crab obsessed with money and SpongeBob 's boss at the Krusty Krab ; Mr. Lawrence as Plankton , a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs ' business rival ; Jill Talley as Karen , Plankton 's sentient computer sidekick ; Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks , a squirrel from Texas ; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs . Puff , SpongeBob 's boating school teacher ; and Lori Alan as Pearl , a teenage whale who is Mr. Krabs ' daughter .
Season two introduced various characters that would recur throughout the series . Mr. Krabs ' mother , Mama Krabs , debuted in the episode `` Sailor Mouth '' and was voiced by writer Paul Tibbitt . However , voice actress Sirena Irwin overtook Tibbitt 's role as the character reappeared in the fourth season episode `` Enemy In-Law '' in 2005 . In the Christmas special `` Christmas Who ? `` , SpongeBob 's voice actor , Tom Kenny , portrayed Patchy the Pirate , the president of the fictional SpongeBob SquarePants fan club , while series creator Hillenburg voiced the character of Potty the Parrot . After Hillenburg 's departure from the show as showrunner in 2004 , Tibbitt was given the role voicing Potty the Parrot .
In addition to the regular cast members , episodes feature guest voices from many ranges of professions , including actors , athletes , authors , musicians , and artists . American rock band Ween guest starred as themselves in `` Your Shoe 's Untied '' . The band performed `` Loop de Loop '' , a song they wrote for the episode . Before SpongeBob SquarePants aired on television in 1999 , Hillenburg had approached band guitarist Dean Ween to compose a song for the show . Dean Ween said `` [ Hillenburg ] called me and told me [ he ] was a marine biologist who was starting a cartoon about underwater sea creatures and that The Mollusk was a big reference point for him creatively and would we like to do a song for the show . '' The band conceived the song and wrote it in about three minutes . Ween 's 1997 song `` Ocean Man '' would also be used four years later during the end credits sequence in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie , and as part of the film 's soundtrack . In the episode `` Bossy Boots '' , American band The Capsules performed the song `` Bossy Boots '' , which was later released on SpongeBob SquarePants : The Yellow Album in 2005 . In `` Bubble Buddy '' , professional American surfer Corky Carroll made a vocal cameo as Grubby Grouper , a famous surfer . It also stars Brad Abrell as titular character Bubble Buddy . `` Grandma 's Kisses '' features Marion Ross as SpongeBob 's grandmother . She would reprise her role throughout the series , including the fifth-season episode `` BlackJack '' . In the entry `` Pre-Hibernation Week '' , where Sandy and SpongeBob play extreme sporting games , American heavy metal band Pantera appeared as themselves for a special musical performance . McHale 's Navy actors Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway returned in the episode `` Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy III '' , reprising their roles as Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy , respectively . John Rhys-Davies also guest starred in the same episode as the heroes ' nemesis , Man Ray . Brian Doyle-Murray reprised his role as the Flying Dutchman for `` Your Shoe 's Untied '' and `` Shanghaied '' . Various other characters were voiced by voice acting veterans Dee Bradley Baker , Thomas F. Wilson and Clea Lewis .
Reception
Since SpongeBob SquarePants made its debut in 1999 , the show had flourished into Nickelodeon 's number 2 children 's program , after Rugrats . Nearly 40 percent of the show 's audience of 2.2 million were aged 18 to 34 . As a result , Nickelodeon moved the show from Saturday morning to a much more valuable timeslot : almost-prime time , appearing at 6 p.m. , from Monday through Thursday . In 2001 , Nickelodeon took the `` Saturday-morning ratings crown '' for the fourth straight season , grabbing a 4.8 rating/21 share ( 1.9 million viewers ) in two- to eleven-year-olds , jumping 17 % from the previous year .
SpongeBob SquarePants signed a marketing deal with Target Corporation and Burger King , expanding its merchandising . Furthermore , the popularity of SpongeBob translated well into sales figures . In 2002 , SpongeBob SquarePants dolls sold at a rate of 75,000 per week , which was faster than Tickle Me Elmo dolls were selling at the time . Nickelodeon 's parent company Viacom purposefully targeted women in Japan as a way of marketing the SpongeBob SquarePants brand . Skeptics initially doubted that SpongeBob could be popular in Japan , as the character 's design is very different from popular designs for Hello Kitty and Pikachu , but SpongeBob has gained popularity in Japan among women . Ratings and merchandise sales showed SpongeBob SquarePants had caught on with parents and with the college audience . In a promotion , college-oriented website Music.com gave away 80,000 SpongeBob T-shirts , four times more than during a similar promotion for Comedy Central 's South Park .
Like the first season , the second season received widespread critical acclaim from critics and fans . In 2002 , the show itself was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children 's Program . At the 29th Annie Awards , the series was nominated three times , including Outstanding Individual Achievement for Voice Acting by a Female and Male Performer in an Animated Television Production categories for Mary Jo Catlett for her role as Mrs . Puff in `` No Free Rides '' and Tom Kenny for his role as SpongeBob SquarePants in `` Wormy '' , respectively . Peter Straus and Paul Tibbitt were nominated for Outstanding Individual Achievement for a Song in an Animated Production for their song `` The Very First Christmas '' that was featured in `` Christmas Who ? '' In 2002 , the episodes `` The Secret Box '' and `` Band Geeks '' won at the Golden Reel Awards for Best Sound Editing in Television—Animation , while the episodes `` Jellyfish Hunter '' and `` The Fry Cook Games '' received a nomination for Best Sound Editing in Television Animation—Music category .
In his review for The Spokesman-Review , Isamu Jordan said , `` I 'll be honest . I dig the little yellow dude who lives in a pineapple under the sea quite a bit for his absurdity À la Ren and Stimpy . '' He said that `` season two is worth having in your or your kid 's SpongeBob collection '' given that the episodes `` Krusty Love '' , `` Squid 's Day Off '' , and `` Mermaidman and Barnacleboy III '' are on the set . Jason Bovberg of the DVD Talk wrote that the season release is `` recommended . '' He said `` Let me state up front that I adore this show . I get a total kick out of watching it with my 4-year-old daughter . We laugh uproariously at SpongeBob 's adventures and I 'm helplessly reduced to a boy about her age as I beam and giggle at the screen . '' However , Bovberg called the included audio commentaries `` downright boring . '' Various celebrities—including Lance Bass of 'N Sync , Will Ferrell of Saturday Night Live , singer-songwriter Tom Waits , and Jerry Lewis—admitted they were fans of the show .
During the 2001–02 television season , the Parents Television Council ( PTC ) , a watchdog media group , named SpongeBob SquarePants among the best programs on cable television . However , according to a report titled Wolves in Sheep 's Clothing , which documents the increase in potentially violent , profane , and sexual content in children 's programming , the PTC and fans believed the episode `` Sailor Mouth '' , which originally aired during the 2001–02 season , was an implicit attempt to promote and satirize use of profanity among children . The report cited a repeat broadcast of the episode from 2005 to prove its point that it promoted use of profanity among children . In a later report , several members of the PTC listed `` Sailor Mouth '' as an example of how levels of profane , sexual , and violent activity has increased in children 's television programming . Nickelodeon , in response to the incident , said `` It 's sad and a little desperate that they stooped to literally putting profane language in the mouths of our characters to make a point . Has the FCC looked at this ? '' Richard Huff of the New York Daily News criticized the report for misinterpreting the episode over its intent to satirize profanity implicitly .
Episodes
The episodes are ordered below according to Nickelodeon 's packaging order , and not their original production or broadcast order .
DVD release
The DVD boxset for season two was released by Paramount Home Entertainment and Nickelodeon in the United States and Canada on October 19 , 2004 , one year after the season had completed broadcast on television . The DVD release features bonus materials including audio commentaries , storyboards , and featurettes . In 2005 , the DVD compilation was nominated at the 9th Golden Satellite Awards for Best Youth DVD , although did not win .
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Season 2 at Metacritic
2000 American television seasons
2001 American television seasons
2002 American television seasons
2003 American television seasons
SpongeBob SquarePants seasons
is a Japanese motorcycle racer . He currently competes in the Asia Road Race AP250 Championship aboard a Honda CBR250RR . He has raced in the GP125 and J-GP3 classes of the Japan Road Race Championship and in 2015 he was the Asia Road Racing Production 250 champion . He has also appeared in the 125cc World Championship as a wild card entry .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
1993 births
Palaihnihan ( also Palaihnih ) is a language family of northeastern California . It consists of two closely related languages , both now extinct :
Atsugewi ( † )
Achumawi ( † ) ( ís siwa wó disi , also known as Achomawi , Pit River Indian )
Reconstruction
The original reconstruction of proto-Palaihnihan suffered from poor quality data . David Olmsted 's dictionary depends almost entirely upon de Angulo , who did not record the phonological distinctions consistently or well , and carelessly includes Pomo vocabulary from a manuscript in which he ( de Angulo ) set out to demonstrate that Achumawi and Pomo are not related . William Bright has also pointed out problems with Olmsted 's methods of reconstruction . The reconstruction is being refined with newer data .
Good , McFarland , & Paster ( 2003 ) conclude there were at least three vowels , * a * i * u , and possibly marginal * e , along with vowel length and ablaut . Consonants were as follows :
Genetic relations
The Palaihnihan family is often connected with the hypothetical Hokan stock . Proposed special relationships within Hokan include Palaihnihan with Shastan ( known as Shasta-Achomawi ) and within a Kahi sub-group ( also known as Northern Hokan ) with Shastan , Chimariko , and Karuk .
References
Bibliography
Good , Jeff ; McFarland , Teresa ; & Paster , Mary . ( 2003 ) . Reconstructing Achumawi and Atsugewi : Proto-Palaihnihan revisited . Atlanta , GA. ( Paper presented at the annual meeting of the Society for the Study of the Indigenous Languages of the Americas , January 2–5 ) .
Mithun , Marianne . ( 1999 ) . The languages of Native North America . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . ( hbk ) ; .
Nevin , Bruce E. ( 1991 ) . `` Obsolescence in Achumawi : Why Uldall Too ? '' . Papers from the American Indian Languages Conferences , held at the University of California , Santa Cruz , July and August 1991 . Occasional Papers on Linguistics 16:97-127 . Department of Linguistics , Southern Illinois University at Carbondale .
Nevin , Bruce E. ( 1998 ) . Aspects of Pit River phonology . Ph.D. dissertation , University of Pennsylvania .
Olmsted , David L. ( 1958 ) . Atsugewi Phonology , International Journal of American Linguistics , Vol . 24 , No . 3 , Franz Boas Centennial , Volume ( Jul. , 1958 ) , pp . 215–220 .
Olmsted , David L. ( 1964 ) . A history of Palaihnihan phonology . University of California publications in linguistics ( Vol . 35 ) . Berkeley : University of California Press .
Language families
Abaco National Park is a national park in South Abaco , the Abaco Islands , the Bahamas . The park was established in 1994 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The park contains of pine forest ; Caribbean pine . Avian wildlife at the park includes the Bahama parrot , Bahama swallow , Bahama yellowthroat , Bahama mockingbird , loggerhead kingbird , olive-capped warbler , West Indian woodpecker and the white-crowned pigeon .
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Abaco Islands
Centre-Left of Albacete ( , CIA ) was an electoral alliance formed in the province of Albacete by the People 's Socialist Party , the Albacete Democratic Alliance and the Christian Democratic Team of the Spanish State to contest the 1977 general election .
Member parties
People 's Socialist Party ( PSP )
Albacete Democratic Alliance ( ADA )
Christian Democratic Team of the Spanish State ( ECDEE )
References
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
Political parties established in 1977
Political parties disestablished in 1977
1977 establishments in Spain
1977 disestablishments in Spain
George Monck Berkeley ( 1763–1793 ) was an English playwright and author , now remembered as a biographer of Jonathan Swift . He is usually called Monck Berkeley .
Life
Berkeley was born on 8 February 1763 at Bray , Berkshire . His mother was Eliza Berkeley née Frinsham , and his father was the Rev . George Berkeley , a son of George Berkeley the philosopher . A precocious youth , Monck Berkeley went to King 's School , Canterbury , and then at age 12 to Eton College . From 16 he was tutored for two years by his father ; then went to the University of St Andrews . At age 19 , Berkeley was elected a corresponding member of the Edinburgh Society of Antiquaries . He was admitted as a student of the Inner Temple in 1783 , and matriculated at Magdalen Hall , Oxford in 1786 .
In October 1787 , Berkeley delivered his own prologue at the opening of the playhouse at Blenheim Palace . In 1789 he visited Ireland , and was made LL.B . of Trinity College , Dublin . While in Dublin , Berkeley found Richard Brenan , the servant who attended Jonathan Swift in his last days . Berkeley gave Brenan a small pension .
In poor health , Berkeley moved to Dover . He finally moved on to Cheltenham in Gloucestershire , where he died on 26 January 1793 .
Works
In 1787 , Berkeley published Nina , a comedy in two acts , translated from the French in six hours . His next drama was Love and Nature , ' a musical piece in one act written in blank verse , performed 1789 in Dublin , and published in 1797 . It was based on Matthew Prior 's Emma and Henry , itself a modernisation of the ballad The Nut-Brown Maid .
Berkeley in 1789 published Literary Relics , a book of research and edited correspondence . The contents are :
An Inquiry into the Life of Dean Swift ;
Letters of Charles II , James II , and Elizabeth of Bohemia ;
Correspondence of Swift ;
Eighty-six letters of Bishop George Berkeley , mainly addressed to Thomas Prior ;
Letters of William Congreve , Joseph Addison , and Richard Steele .
The biography of Swift contains the story of his marriage by St George Ashe to Esther Johnson , his `` Stella '' . Whether this marriage took place is still unsettled , as a matter of scholarship .
Berkeley wrote anonymously Maria , or the generous rustic , and Heloise ; or the siege of Rhodes ( 1788 ) . As a poet he was classed as one of the Della Cruscans . Eliza Berkeley edited a collection poem ( 1797 ) of her late son 's work . Its preface is revealing of her own life .
Moving in High Church circles , Berkeley was a correspondent of George Horne , and his mother 's edition of his poems defended Dean John Lynch . He was involved in an intrigue of his father and George Gleig against Abernethy Drummond , publishing an anonymous pamphlet to Episcopalian Scots .
Notes
External links
George Monck Berkeley at the Eighteenth-Century Poetry Archive ( ECPA )
Attribution
1763 births
1793 deaths
English dramatists and playwrights
English male poets
English biographers
English male non-fiction writers
Male biographers
Pitbull is a 2005 Polish action film directed by Patryk Vega .
Cast
Marcin Dorociński – Slawomir Desperski `` Despero ''
Janusz Gajos – Zbigniew Chyb `` Benek ''
Andrzej Grabowski – Jacek Goc `` Gebels ''
Rafał Mohr – Krzysztof Magiera `` Nielat ''
Krzysztof Stroiński – Metyl
– Włodzimierz Barszczyk `` Barszczu ''
Weronika Rosati – Dżemma
Ryszard Filipski – Wor
References
External links
2005 action films
2005 films
Polish action films
2000s Polish-language films
Derek Belch ( born 1985 ) is the founder and CEO of virtual reality company Strivr , which helps corporations to create and administer courses for employee training . He was the graduate assistant football coach at Stanford University until 2014 when he left to launch his company . Belch has a BA in communication , an MA in journalism , and an MA in Media Studies , all from Stanford . He also has an MBA from University of Southern California . In 2017 , Sports Business Journal included him in their `` Forty Under 40 '' list . While at Stanford he was a kicker for the Stanford Cardinal football team .
References
1985 births
Living people
Stanford University alumni
Marshall School of Business alumni
American chief executives
Virtual reality
American company founders
Box Hill railway station may refer to :
Box Hill railway station , Melbourne , Australia
Box Hill railway station , Wellington , New Zealand
Box Hill & Westhumble railway station , Surrey , England
Carenum porphyreum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1874 .
References
porphyreum
Beetles described in 1874
Slavko Barbarić ( 11 March 1946 – 24 November 2000 ) was a Franciscan friar and a Catholic priest from Bosnia and Herzegovina involved in the alleged Marian apparitions in Medjugorje , serving as a spiritual director of the alleged seers from 1984 until his death in 2000 . He was a supporter of the Catholic Charismatic Renewal .
He became a priest as a member of the Franciscans in 1971 . From 1981 until 1984 he served as a spiritual assistant in Mostar , but was mainly active in Medjugorje after the alleged apparitions in June 1981 . There , he was appointed a chaplain in 1984 , and succeeded Tomislav Vlašić as a spiritual director of the alleged seers . Barbarić remained in Medjugorje until his transfer to Blagaj near Mostar in 1985 . Nevertheless , he still continued his activity in Medjugorje , contrary to the Bishop 's orders . He was moved to Humac near Ljubuški , but in 1991 illegally moved to Medjugorje again , where he remained until his death . His confessional jurisdiction was suspended by the Bishop twice due to his disobedience in 2000 .
Early life and priesthood
Barbarić was born in the Dragićani hamlet in Čerin near Čitluk in Herzegovina . He was fourth of six children . He attended elementary school in Čerin , and a high school seminary in Dubrovnik from 1961 to 1965 . He entered the novitiate of the Franciscan Province of Herzegovina on 14 July 1965 . Barbarić enrolled at the Faculty of Theology and Philosophy in Visoko in 1966 , and continued his education in Sarajevo and graduated in Schwaz , Austria in 1971 .
He gave monastic vows in La Verna , Italy , on 17 September 1971 , and was ordained a priest in Reutte , Austria on 19 December 1971 . While studying pastoral psychology in Italy , he became impressed with mysticism and Catholic Charismatic Renewal . During his studies in Rome , Barbarić joined the Catholic Charismatic `` Community and Freedom ( Comunione e liberazione ) . As a member of the Franciscan community in Frohnleiten in Austria , he was pastorally active there and attended the Faculty of Theology in Graz , where he gained a master 's degree in pastoral theology in 1973 .
As a priest , Barbarić was first appointed a chaplain in Čapljina on 22 September 1973 . There , he saw Pope 's decree Romanis Pontificibus is published in June 1975 , by which the Pope ordered the redistribution of parishes in the Diocese of Mostar-Duvno between the Franciscans and the diocesan clergy . Barbarić remained in Čapljina until 1978 when he left for Freiburg , Germany to study . There , he earned a Ph.D. in religious pedagogy and got the title of `` psychotherapist '' in 1982 .
Medjugorje phenomenon
While he was in Freiburg , in June 1981 , the alleged seers of the Marian apparitions had their first visions . Barbarić was named a chaplain in Mostar on 18 August 1981 . In Mostar , he served as a spiritual assistant , with his main task being the religious education of youth and students . He used this position to go on the pilgrimage with students in Medjugorje as often as possible . His pastoral activity became mainly focused on Medjugorje , where he lived .
As the sex scandal involving Tomislav Vlašić , the spiritual assistant in Medjugorje and spiritual director of the seers became apparent , the bishop requested his transfer to another parish . Thus , the Franciscan province asked the bishop to replace Vlašić with Barbarić . Bishop Pavao Žanić , not knowing about his illicit activities in Medjugorje , approved the request on 16 August 1984 . Barbarić succeeded Vlašić as a spiritual director of the alleged seers after Vlašić was transferred to Vitina near Ljubuški a few days later . Barbarić continued to conduct the Chronicle of Apparitions , started by Vlašić . Both Barbarić and Vlašić trained the young seers . According to Archbishop of Split Frane Franić , a supporter of the Medjugorje apparitions , Barbarić used his expertise as a psychologist to `` coach '' the seers to prepare them for the visions and miracles .
Not long after Barbarić 's new appointment , the bishop requested from the Franciscan Province of Herzegovina to transfer Barbarić from Medjugorje on 3 January 1985 due to his involvement with the alleged apparitions . However , the Province never responded , while the seers claimed that Madonna told them in a vision that Barbarić should take over the parish and to conduct a chronicle about her apparitions , so that `` after she stops coming , there can be one overview of everything that happened '' . After the bishop insisted on his transfer , Barbarić was moved to Blagaj near Mostar on 20 July 1985 .
Barbarić continued his activity in Medjugorje , promoting the cult of Our Lady of Medjugorje and traveling around the world with the alleged seers . Three years later , the Franciscan Province proposed the Bishop name him a chaplain in Humac , Ljubuški , which Bishop approved on 16 September 1988 . Even after being transferred to Humac , Barbarić remained mostly active in Medjugorje .
The conclusion of the Conference of Bishops , published in Zadar on 10 April 1991 , regarding the alleged apparitions , stated that the apparitions `` non constat de supernaturalitate '' , that is that on the basis of previous examinations , it is impossible to establish that these are supernatural apparitions or revelations . However , the Conference left the possibility of the pilgrimage . In connection to the conclusion , Barbarić stated : `` We have our sanctuary . We have permission for the people to come here . Why do we need the seers anyway ? ''
The same year in July , the Province proposed to the Bishop that Barbarić should remain in Humac , which the Bishop approved . However , Barbarić on his own initiative returned to Medjugorje , claiming he agreed to this verbally with the Provincial Drago Tolj , due to the lack of confessors . The Episcopal Ordinariate was n't even informed about the transfer , so Barbarić remained active without the necessary decree from the bishop . The Episcopal Ordinariate was in turmoil due to the war in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina that broke out in October 1991 . In 1993 , Bishop Žanić was replaced by Ratko Perić . The Ordinariate continued to communicate with Barbarić regularly , presuming that his transfer in Medjugorje was legal .
In 1999 , Bishop Perić asked the Province to transfer him from Medjugorje again , after he found that Barbarić was active in Medjugorje without a pastoral decree . Barbarić refused to transfer , so the Bishop suspended his confessional jurisdiction on 20 February 2000 . Barbarić asked the Bishop for revision , but the Bishop confirmed his previous decision . He again complained to the Holy See over the issue , and the Bishop insisted that Barbarić signs the statement of obedience and leave Medjugorje . He signed the statement on 20 June 2000 but still remained active in Medjugorje . The bishop suspended his confessional jurisdiction once again on 30 October 2000 . He died on 24 November 2000 .
Notes
References
Books
News articles
1946 births
2000 deaths
People from Čitluk , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Franciscans of the Franciscan Province of Herzegovina
The Pemigewasset River , known locally as `` The Pemi '' , is a river in the state of New Hampshire , the United States . It is in length and ( with its tributaries ) drains approximately . The name `` Pemigewasset '' comes from the Abenaki word bemijijoasek [ bəmidzidzoasək ] , meaning `` where side ( entering ) current is '' .
Geography
The Pemigewasset originates at Profile Lake in Franconia Notch State Park , in the town of Franconia . It flows south through the White Mountains and merges with the Winnipesaukee River to form the Merrimack River at Franklin . The Merrimack then flows through southern New Hampshire , northeastern Massachusetts and into the Atlantic Ocean .
The Interstate 93 highway runs parallel with the river between Franconia Notch and New Hampton . The river passes through the communities of Lincoln , North Woodstock , Woodstock , Thornton , Campton , Plymouth , Holderness , Ashland , Bridgewater , Bristol , New Hampton , Hill , Sanbornton , and Franklin .
The river descends over waterfalls in Franconia Notch , including `` The Basin '' , passes cascades in North Woodstock , and drops over Livermore Falls north of Plymouth . The remainder of the northern Pemi , from Lincoln to Ashland , passes over copious gravel bars and attracts numerous boaters and fishermen . Below Ashland , the river is impounded by the Ayers Island Dam , a hydroelectric facility , for over five miles . A short stretch of heavy whitewater is found below the dam , before the river reaches the impoundment zone for the Franklin Falls flood control reservoir . The river crosses one additional hydroelectric dam below Franklin Falls before joining the Winnipesaukee River in the center of Franklin , becoming the Merrimack River .
The Pemigewasset watershed consists of over of rivers and of lake , pond , and reservoir area . The watershed comprises about 20 percent of the Merrimack 's total watershed area .
Tributaries
Major tributaries include ( from north to south ) :
East Branch of the Pemigewasset River . The East Branch is larger and longer than the main branch of the river .
Moosilauke Brook ( Lost River )
Mad River
Beebe River
Baker River
Squam River ( outlet of Squam Lake )
Newfound River ( outlet of Newfound Lake )
Smith River
See also
List of New Hampshire rivers
References
External links
EPA report on watershed status
Tributaries of the Merrimack River
Rivers of New Hampshire
Rivers of Merrimack County , New Hampshire
Rivers of Grafton County , New Hampshire
Rivers of Belknap County , New Hampshire
New Hampshire placenames of Native American origin
Daniel Herrera Vidiella ( born 1963 ) is a Uruguayan rugby union coach .
He was in charge of Uruguay , from 1994 to 1999 , when he achieved his country 's first ever qualification for the Rugby World Cup finals , after defeating Portugal twice in the repechage . In the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals , he achieved a win over Spain ( 27-15 ) . Herrera was one of the youngest coaches at the tournament and was even younger than his older player , Diego Ormaechea , aged 40 .
External links
Profile of Daniel Herrera
1963 births
Living people
Uruguayan rugby union coaches
Uruguay national rugby union team coaches
Pakistan competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China . The country sent 21 athletes , including two women ( Sadaf Siddiqui in athletics and Kiran Khan in swimming ) . The men 's field hockey team comprised 16 players out of the Pakistani delegation .
Athletics
Men
Women
Key
Note–Ranks given for track events are within the athlete 's heat only
Q = Qualified for the next round
q = Qualified for the next round as the fastest loser or , in field events , by position without achieving the qualifying target
NR = National record
N/A = Round not applicable for the event
Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round
Field hockey
Pakistan 's men 's team qualified for the 2008 Games . In the group play , they won two and lost three matches , finishing fourth in the group . This qualified them for a match against New Zealand for 7th/8th place , which they lost . The team 's final ranking for the tournament was 8th .
Men 's tournament
Roster
Group play
Shooting
Men
Swimming
Men
Women
See also
Pakistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Kiran Khan Olympic profile
Siddiq Umar Olympic profile
Muhammad Sajjad Olympic profile
Sadaf Siddiqui Olympic profile
Nations at the 2008 Summer Olympics
2008 Summer Olympics
Olympics
Richard Weize ( Born August 4 , 1945 in Bad Gandersheim , Germany ) is the founder of Bear Family Records label , operator of the Richard Weize Archives , and an author . Weize and his work has been featured in the Los Angeles Times , Rolling Stone Die Zeit , Welt , Die Presse , Der Standard , and more .
Education
Weize grew up in Bad Gandersheim . His family has been working in the bookbinding trade since 1845 , as well as running a book and stationery shop . His passion for pop music emerged when the first Anglo-American 45-rpm records appeared in Germany in the 1950s , and it was fueled with American Forces Network , Elvis Presley and the Star-Club in Hamburg . By 1960 , Weize had become a pioneering record trader , importing hard-to-get country and rock ‘ n ' roll albums from the USA and selling them – with a small surcharge – to his friends . Not only was this the start of his own record collection , but also one of the foundation stones of his Bear Family Records business .
Bear Family Records
Weize founded Bear Family Records in 1975 . The label was such a grassroots operation at first that Weize began by typing the label 's first ‟catalogues ” on his typewriter , but soon he had to employ some staff members to help him with his work . By then Bear Family had changed from a mail order business to a record label selling their own rereleases worldwide . In building the company , Weize had found many companions – producers , authors , musicians , music lovers – some of whom continue to contribute to the label 's releases . Among them : Jürgen Brückner , John Cowley , Hank Davis , Colin Escott , Bill Geerhart , Martin Hawkins , Hugo Keesing , Michael Kleff , Volker Kühn , Rainer E. Lotz , Bernd Matheja , Ted Olson , Tony Russel , Dr. Jürgen Schebera .
Further Activities
Weize retired in 2015 , but continues to compile records for Bear Family Records . In addition , he is on the board of the Klaus Kuhnke Archives and continues to release recordings on the “ and more bears ” label . He , too , has published two books , ‟1000 Nadelstiche ( Amerikaner & Briten singen deutsch 1955-1975 ” —1000 Needlesticks ( Americans and British sing in the German language 1955-1975 ) -- and ‟Creole Music of the French West Indies – a discography 1900-1959. ” and co-written ‟
‟LONDON Label Lexikon , ‟ and contributed a foreword to ‟The TELDEC Story . ”
Family
Richard Weize has five children from his first two marriages with Helga and Petra Weize : Ricky ( 1964 ) , Rene ( 1965 ) , Tobias ( 1972 ) , Sarah ( 1974 ) and Philipp ( 1979 ) . Since 1994 , Weize has been living with his third wife , Birgit in Vollersode near Bremen .
Awards
Richard Weize has been honored with numerous awards , including the ‟W.C . Handy Award , ‟ the ‟Blues Music Award , ‟ and several of Bear Family albums have been nominated for Grammys in the U.S . He also received a special award by the Association of German Music Critics in 2003 for his life 's work , and in 2009 the German music industry honored his achievements by granting an Echo award to Bear Family for ‟outstanding contributions to music.‟
On 2 February 2021 Richard Weize was awarded with the Cross of the Order of Merit – on proposal of Germany 's Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier – for his life 's work . He has devoted his life to the preservation and accessibility of musical cultural assets . Or , as stated by Götz Alsmann in his written eulogy : “ Richard Weize 's work is one big recovery of cultural treasures , purely and simply the preservation of the world 's musical heritage. ” According to Alsmann , Weize 's work in the field of musical history is by all means comparable to that of Ludwig von Köchel or Otto Erich Deutsch , whose directories are fundamental contributions to the cataloging and preservation of Mozart 's and Schubert 's music .
References
External links
German music people
Living people
1945 births
People from Bad Gandersheim
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Events in the year 1923 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
22 April – The Bulgarian Agrarian National Union won 212 of the 245 seats in the parliament following parliamentary elections . Voter turnout was 86.5 % .
References
1920s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bryan Schouten ( born 10 September 1994 ) is a Dutch former motorcycle racer who retired at the end of the 2017 season . Schouten is a former winner of the Dutch ONK 125GP Championship and the Dutch ONK Moto3 Championship , and has also competed in the German IDM 125GP Championship , the German IDM Moto3 Championship , the Spanish CEV Moto3 series and the European Superstock 600 Championship . He won the IDM Superstock 600 Championship in 2016 , but even as a champion he could not find the resources to start in 2017 . He decided to stop his career , however , less than a week later , Schouten returned to his decision when Ten Kate Racing Products approached him for testing the new Honda CBR-1000RR SP2 and started in the ( Dutch ) NK SuperCup 1000 . After one season , Schouten has decided to start his social career at the age of 23 years . But his dreams are that there will be time and opportunities to help young riders in the future - maybe even on a part-time schedule .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
Dutch motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Moto3 World Championship riders
1994 births
Supersport World Championship riders
John Scafe Jackson ( 1 October 1878 – 30 June 1954 ) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a forward .
He made one appearance for South Africa in 1903 .
References
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
1878 births
1954 deaths
Rugby union forwards
Western Province ( rugby union ) players
This is a list of nature centers and environmental education centers in the state of Ohio .
To use the sortable tables : click on the icons at the top of each column to sort that column in alphabetical order ; click again for reverse alphabetical order .
External links
Map of nature centers and environmental education centers in Ohio
Nature center
Ohio
Bloomfield Township , Ohio may refer to :
Bloomfield Township , Jackson County , Ohio
Bloomfield Township , Logan County , Ohio
Bloomfield Township , Trumbull County , Ohio
See also
Bloom Township , Ohio ( disambiguation )
Ohio township disambiguation pages
Geoff Coburn is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s . He played for the Newtown Jets and the Parramatta Eels in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition .
Background
Coburn played for Western Suburbs Rosellas in the Newcastle competition and won the Newcastle Rugby League grand final in 1980 with the club before signing with Parramatta .
Playing career
Coburn made his first grade debut for Parramatta against South Sydney in Round 3 1981 at Redfern Oval with Parramatta winning 39–5 . Coburn played in the minor semi final victory over Eastern Suburbs but was n't selected to play in the club 's inaugural premiership victory against Newtown . In 1982 , Coburn made 14 appearances for Parramatta but missed out on selection in the 1982 NSWRL grand final which Parramatta won defeating Manly in the decider .
In 1983 , Coburn joined Newtown . Coburn played 12 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club 's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league . Coburn played in Newtown 's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership , a 9–6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium .
After Newtown 's ejection from the premiership due to financial reasons , Coburn returned to the Western Suburbs Rosellas . In 1988 , Coburn played reserve grade for the newly admitted Newcastle Knights side before retiring .
Post playing
In 2018 , Coburn was announced as the acting chairman for Newcastle at official NRL functions after being appointed head of the club 's new football committee .
References
1958 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Newtown Jets players
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league players from Newcastle , New South Wales
Rugby league props
`` Coquette '' is a 1928 fox trot jazz standard . It was composed by Johnny Green and Carmen Lombardo , with lyrics by Gus Kahn . Guy Lombardo had great success with the song in 1928 .
Film appearance
Cockeyed Cavaliers ( 1934 )
Notable recordings
Guy Lombardo & his Royal Canadians ( vocal Carmen Lombardo ) recorded on March 21 , 1928 , and released on Columbia 1345-D .
Paul Whiteman & his Orchestra ( recorded on March 2 , 1928 , and released on Victor 21301 .
The Dorsey Brothers Orchestra recorded on March 14 , 1928 and released on Okeh 41007
Rudy Vallée & His Connecticut Yankees - recorded February 7 , 1929 and released on Victor 21880 .
The Ink Spots - recorded August 17 , 1939 and released on Decca 3077 .
Louis Armstrong - recorded April 17 , 1942 and released on Decca 4327 .
Django Reinhardt with Stéphane Grappelli ( 1946 )
Frankie Laine ( 1947 )
Billy Eckstine recorded for MGM Records in 1953 and released on MGM 11439 . This version briefly reached the Billboard charts at No . 26 .
The Hi-Lo 's included in the Rosemary Clooney album Ring Around Rosie ( 1957 )
Johnnie Ray for his live album Johnnie Ray In Las Vegas ( 1957 )
Fats Domino 1958 ( Imperial Records X 5553 ) , as the B-side to Whole Lotta Lovin ' , and on the 1961 What A Party ! album ( Imperial Records LP 9164 )
Russell Garcia & his Orchestra ( on his 1958 album The Johnny Evergreens ) , starring Ted Nash on alto , flute , piccolo , tenor .
Dinah Washington for her album Dinah '62 ( 1962 )
Nat King Cole included in the album L-O-V-E '' ( 1965 )
Bing Crosby on the 1965 album Bing Crosby 's Treasury - The Songs I Love
Paul McCartney included in the album Run Devil Run ( 1999 )
See also
List of jazz standards
References
1920s jazz standards
1928 songs
Songs written by Carmen Lombardo
Paul McCartney songs
Guy Lombardo songs
Fats Domino songs
Abu Aisha may refer to :
Abu Aisha was believed to be an alternate name used by Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , suspected of a role in bombing US embassies in Africa
Abu Aisha was believed to be an alternate name used by Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi , an individual held without charge for over 9 years by the USA
Sichuanese Standard Mandarin ( ; Sichuanese Pinyin : Si4cuan1 Pu3tong1hua4 ; ) , or Szechwanese Standard Mandarin , also known as Pepper Salt Standard Mandarin ( ) , is a variant of Standard Mandarin derived from the official Standard Mandarin spoken in Sichuanese-speaking areas ( mainly Sichuan and Chongqing ) in China , and is often called `` 川普 '' ( Chuan1pu3 or Chuānpǔ ) for short .
Unlike Sichuanese ( or Sichuanese Mandarin ) , which is a native language spoken in the Sichuan region and differs greatly from Standard Mandarin , Sichuanese Standard Mandarin ( or Chuanpu ) arose after the Popularize Mandarin Policy was implemented by the Chinese government in 1956 and is in fact Standard Mandarin with a Sichuanese accent and some elements of Sichuanese vocabulary and grammar . In this view , Chuanpu is , to a certain degree , similar to Taiwanese Mandarin and Singaporean Mandarin , which are influenced by Hokkien and other varieties .
Usage
Chuanpu is spoken by Sichuanese people who are required to communicate with people from outside of Sichuan and Chongqing , but who can not speak authentic Standard Mandarin . Chuanpu is also often used humorously among local people who find it funny . Due to its humorous effect , Chuanpu is occasionally used in local television , broadcasting and popular music , with good results . Chuanpu Waichang ( 川普歪唱 ) , the music sung in Chuanpu , is very popular in Sichuan and Chongqing and is usually adapted from famous songs .
References
Standard Chinese
Varieties of Chinese
Areta Konomi ( ; born January 31 , 1989 in Tirana , Albania ) is a female former volleyball player from Greece , who is a member of the Greece women 's national volleyball team . She became a well-known competitor with Hellenic powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus . As a member of the Piraeus club she won the Golden Metal of CEV Women 's Challenge Cup in 2018 edition .
Sporting achievements
Clubs
International competitions
2016/2017 : CEV Women 's Challenge Cup , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
2017/2018 : CEV Women 's Challenge Cup , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
National championships
2012/2013 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2013/2014 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2014/2015 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
National cups
2012/2013 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2013/2014 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2014/2015 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
Individuals
2013/2014 Hellenic Championship MVP
2014/2015 Women 's CEV Cup Best receiver
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.eu
profile at CEV web site at cev.eu
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball team roster at CEV web site
Hellenic Women National Team - caps www.volleyball.gr
Profile at /women.volleybox.net women.volleybox.net
1989 births
Living people
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball players
Greek women 's volleyball players
Naturalized citizens of Greece
Greek people of Albanian descent
Sportspeople from Tirana
Vladimir Ardalionovich Malygin ( ; born 19 June 1950 ) is a Russian diplomat . He has served in various diplomatic roles since the 1970s , and was the Ambassador of Russia to Malta between December 2014 and October 2021 .
Career
Malygin was born on 19 June 1950 , the son of , a party worker and employee of the Soviet state security organs , who reached the rank of lieutenant general . Vladimir Malygin studied at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations , graduating in 1972 and beginning work for the Soviet Ministry of Foreign Affairs . His work included postings within the central apparatus of the Ministry , which after the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 became the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and abroad . During the Soviet and later Russian periods he worked in the embassies in Sweden , the United Kingdom , and Cyprus . He undertook further studies at the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , graduating in 1989 . On 18 September 1996 he was awarded the diplomatic rank of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Envoy 2nd class .
In 2000 Malygin was appointed Deputy Director of the Ministry 's General Secretariat , followed by a posting from 2003 as consul general in Edinburgh . He held this post until 2009 , having received the diplomatic rank of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Envoy 1st class , on 29 December 2005 . Between 2009 and 2012 he was Deputy Director of the Ministry 's Department of Security , and then from 2012 until 2014 Malygin was consul general in Klaipeda , Lithuania . He then became Deputy Director of the Ministry 's Second European Department in June 2014 , before being appointed Ambassador of Russia to Malta on 12 December 2014 . He served in this role until his retirement on 29 October 2021 .
Personal life and awards
In addition to his native Russian , Malygin speaks English and Swedish . He is married to Tatyana , and currently holds the diplomatic rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary , awarded on 17 October 2016 . Over his career he has been awarded the Order of Friendship , on 30 March 2020 ; the Medal of the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' Second Class , on 29 October 2010 ; and the title of .
References
1950 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Russia to Malta
Moscow State Institute of International Relations alumni
Recipients of the Medal of the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' II class
Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation alumni
Ludwig van Beethoven 's opus number 27 is a set of two piano sonatas . They were published separately in March 1802 . Both sonatas are entitled Sonata quasi una Fantasia , which roughly translated as sonatas in the style of a fantasia . The second sonata is one of the most famous piano works in the repertoire and often called the Moonlight sonata , a contentious name not given by the composer himself . The first sonata remains far less performed than the second and the two sonatas are not commonly performed together .
They are named so for their only loose adherence to the sonata form . The first movement of both sonatas are slow and lacking in full sonata form . The second movements are scherzos . The sonatas differ in structure in the third movement and only the first sonata has a fourth movement . In the first sonata , thematic material is referenced from one movement to the other which is also uncommon in a typical sonata of the time but more like the fantasia style .
They were written in 1801 . For the individual sonatas see :
Piano Sonata No . 13 in E major
Piano Sonata No . 14 ( Moonlight sonata ) in C minor
References
Piano sonatas by Ludwig van Beethoven
1801 compositions
Khawaja Muhammad Khan Hoti is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2012 .
Political career
Hoti has been provincial minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for tourism in 1989 , and provincial minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for education from 1993 to 1996 .
In 2006 , he quit Pakistan Peoples Party to join Awami National Party ( ANP ) .
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-9 ( Mardan-I ) as a candidate of ANP in 2008 Pakistani general election .
In December 2011 , he quit ANP to join Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) . In January 2012 , he resigned from his National Assembly seat . In December 2012 , he quit PTI and joined Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Minsk Cycling Club is a UCI Women 's Continental Team founded in 2017 and based in Belarus .
After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , the UCI said that Belarusian teams are forbidden from competing in international events .
Team roster
Major results
2018
Stage 3 Tour of Eftalia Hotels & Velo Alanya , Karalina Savenka
Team classification Panorama Guizhou International Women 's Road Cycling Race
2019
Grand Prix Gazipasa , Ina Savenka
Grand Prix Alanya , Tatsiana Sharakova
2020
Stage 3 Dubai Women 's Tour , Tatsiana Sharakova
Grand Prix Manavgat–Side , Hanna Tserah
National champions
2017
Belarus Time Trial , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Road Race , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Track ( Team sprint ) , Kristina Bialetskaya
Belarus Track ( Individual sprint ) , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Track ( Points race ) , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Track ( Scratch race ) , Hanna Tserah
2018
Belarus Track ( Individual pursuit ) , Ina Savenka
Belarus Track ( Scratch race ) , Anastasiya Dzedzikava
Belarus Time Trial , Tatsiana Sharakova
2019
Belarus Time Trial , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Road Race , Tatsiana Sharakova
2020
Belarus Time Trial , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Road Race , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Track ( Team pursuit ) , Darya Dziakola
Belarus Track ( Team pursuit ) , Taisa Naskovich
Belarus Track ( Team sprint ) , Darya Dziakola
Belarus Track ( Team sprint ) , Taisa Naskovich
2021
Belarus Time Trial , Tatsiana Sharakova
Belarus Road Race , Tatsiana Sharakova
References
External links
UCI Women 's Teams
Cycling teams based in Belarus
Cycling teams established in 2017
2017 establishments in Belarus
The sooty myzomela ( Myzomela tristrami ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae .
It is endemic to Makira .
References
sooty myzomela
Birds of Makira
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
sooty myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of the Solomon Islands
ISO 3166-2 : MU is the entry for Mauritius in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Currently for Mauritius , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 3 dependencies and 9 districts .
Each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen . The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Mauritius . The second part is two letters .
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency ( ISO 3166/MA ) .
Click on the button in the header to sort each column .
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998 :
See also
Subdivisions of Mauritius
FIPS region codes of Mauritius
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform : MU
Districts of Mauritius , Statoids.com
2 : MU
ISO 3166-2
Mauritius geography-related lists
Leontinia is an extinct genus of leontiniid notoungulate . Fossils have been found in the Deseado and Sarmiento Formations in Argentina and Trembembé Formation of Brazil , and are the most abundant remains of any animal found there . The genus dates back to the Late Oligocene , Deseadan in the SALMA classification .
Description
In Leontinia , the first incisors of the upper jaw are small cropping teeth , while the second are elongated and form caniniform tushes . In the lower jaw it is the third incisors have developed into tushes , not the second . Variations and incisor length have been used to distinguish different species from one another and may possibly provide evidence of sexual dimorphism among certain species . In fact , it has been suggested that different species assigned on the basis of tooth proportion may only represent different genders of the same species . The nasal bones are highly elevated from the nasal cavity and suggest that the animal may have possessed horns resembling those of the rhinocerotid Diceratherium .
References
Toxodonts
Oligocene mammals of South America
Deseadan
Paleogene Argentina
Paleogene Brazil
Fossils of Argentina
Fossils of Brazil
Fossil taxa described in 1895
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Derrick Lee ( born 1 October 1973 ) is a retired Scottish rugby union player who played for Watsonians , London Scottish and Edinburgh Rugby . He was noted for his line breaking ability and reliability under the high ball . An instinctive understanding of timing and angles resulted in him being at one point the top try-scorer of all time in the Celtic League although that record has since been broken .
He took his international debut against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on 7 February 1998 . He earned 12 caps in total scoring 34 points with 1 try , 4 conversions and 7 penalties . He won his final cap also against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on 27 March 2004 . He would have possibly won more caps had it not been for a run of injuries .
He announced his retirement from professional rugby in April 2005 due to persistent knee problems .
References
1973 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Watsonians RFC players
Ayr RFC players
London Scottish F.C . players
Edinburgh Rugby players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Ayr
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country rock singer Cory Marks . Ivan Moody of Five Finger Death Punch , Travis Tritt , and Mick Mars of Mötley Crüe are featured on the track . The song was released in November 2019 through Better Noise Music and was sent to both country and rock radio formats as the lead single off Marks ' album Who I Am . A solo version by Marks was included on the soundtrack for the film Sno Babies , while both versions of the track were included on a CD-exclusive EP of the same name .
Background
Marks told David McPherson of SOCAN Magazine that `` Outlaws & Outsiders '' started `` simply a cool title '' for a cross-Canada tour he did with Aaron Pritchett in 2015 . Later that year , Marks co-wrote the track with Kevin Churko . McPherson remarked that `` Canadian country radio is where [ Marks ] would love to land , but like the song 's title , he 's an outlier . His sound is n't poppy enough to fit the mainstream mold . '' Marks said `` I feel like I 'm a country artist , first and foremost , I want to give country radio something different for the fans and for the genre . ''
Critical reception
Hendrik Pape of Sound Check Entertainment called the song a `` powerhouse country/rock crossover '' and `` one of the greatest songs of 2019 '' . Front Porch Music referred to the song as a `` heavy hit '' , while Dave Brooks of Billboard called it `` hard-charging '' with `` an arena anthem hook and a throwback sound mixing metal and southern rock with a countrified sound palate '' . Billboard dubbed it the `` hit that could n't be confined '' .
Commercial performance
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' debuted atop the Rock Digital and Hard Rock Digital Song Sales charts and at # 7 on Country Digital Songs . It later reached a peak of # 10 on US Mainstream Rock , and # 12 on Canada Rock radio . It was certified Gold by Music Canada . As of April 2021 , the song had received over 16 million streams through Spotify .
Music video
The official music video for the track was released in November 2019 , and features Marks along with Moody , Tritt , and Mars each recording their parts . A second video for the solo version was released in May 2020 in support of the song 's appearance in the film `` Sno Babies '' and integrates footage from the film .
Track listings
Digital download - single
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' – 3:17 ( feat . Ivan Moody , Travis Tritt & Mick Mars )
7-inch vinyl - single
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' – 3:17 ( feat . Ivan Moody , Travis Tritt & Mick Mars )
`` Blame It on the Double '' – 3:27
CD - EP
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' – 3:17 ( feat . Ivan Moody , Travis Tritt & Mick Mars )
`` Better Off '' – 3:17
`` Blame It on the Double '' – 3:27
`` My Whiskey Your Wine '' – 3:16
`` Outlaws & Outsiders '' – 3:28
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Certifications
Notes
References
2019 songs
2019 singles
2020 singles
Cory Marks songs
Travis Tritt songs
Songs written by Kane Churko
Songs written by Kevin Churko
Song recordings produced by Kevin Churko
Songs written by Cory Marks
Roman Golian ( born 30 July 1982 ) is a Slovak football player who last played for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League .
Career
In December 2014 , he signed with Persiba . Before joining Persiba , he played for Persela Lamongan , Arema Indonesia and FK LAFC Lučenec .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Liga 1 ( Indonesia ) players
Slovak expatriate footballers
Persela Lamongan players
Persiba Balikpapan players
Association football defenders
The 1994–95 División de Honor de Fútbol Femenino was the seventh edition of Spain 's women 's football premier league . Ten teams took part in the competition , which took place from 19 September 1993 to 27 March 1994 , with Anaitasuna and León replacing relegated teams Olímpico Fortuna and Athenas .
Añorga won its second title with 16 wins in 18 matches and an eight points difference over defending champion Oroquieta Villaverde . Espanyol , Sondika and Sabadell followed in the table . León and FFP Alcobendas were relegated as the two bottom teams , and Anaitasuna FT , which ended in mid-table , also asked for relegation .
During the last minutes of Week 5 's Sondika–Oroquieta Villaverde match , which ended in a 0–3 away win , a brawl degenerated into a beating which resulted in three injured Oroquieta players . RFEF , whose attitude following the incident was harshly criticized by Oroquieta executives and players , sanctioned one player from each team plus Oroquieta 's manager and closed Sondika 's ground for one match .
Teams and locations
Final table
Results
References
1994-95
Spa
1
women
The Pilatus PC-24 is a light business jet produced by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland .
Following the success of the PC-12 single engine turboprop , work on the twin engine jet began in 2007 for greater range and speed , keeping the rugged airfield capability .
The aircraft was introduced on 21 May 2013 and rolled out on 1 August 2014 , with the maiden flight on 11 May 2015 . The PC-24 received EASA and FAA type certification on 7 December 2017 and the first customer delivery was on 7 February 2018 .
Powered by two Williams FJ44 turbofans , it competes with the Embraer Phenom 300 and the Cessna Citation CJ4 .
Development
During the 1990s , Pilatus Aircraft had brought to market the Pilatus PC-12 , a single-engine turboprop-powered business aircraft . As the PC-12 quickly proved to be a commercial success , Pilatus sought to follow up with a complementary aircraft and began gathering feedback from customers of the type . In response to this request , several customers reportedly expressed a desire for an aircraft that would possess both a greater range and top speed than the existing PC-12 , while retaining the type 's overall ruggedness and ability to make use of very short runways . Based on this feedback , Pilatus elected to pursue development of such an aircraft . In 2007 , Pilatus initiated work on the program . Development of the aircraft was conducted using existing company funds . The design program was first mentioned by Pilatus in its May 2011 annual report .
On 21 May 2013 , the PC-24 was introduced to the public at the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition ( EBACE ) in Geneva . At the time , Pilatus chairman Oscar Schwenk claimed the PC-24 did not fit into any existing business jet categories , and stated that the aircraft was the only one that combined `` ... the versatility of a turboprop with the cabin size of a medium light jet , and the performance of a light jet '' .
On 1 August 2014 , which is also Switzerland 's national day , P01 , the first of the three PC-24 prototypes , was rolled out . Each of these three prototypes serve different functions in the development program ; P01 is intended for exploring the flight envelope of the type , P02 is mainly for trialling the avionics and autopilot integration , and will spend much of its testing life in the US , while P03 is to be representative of production aircraft and will incorporate improvements made based upon the development work performed with the other two aircraft .
Flight testing
The first flight of the prototype had been originally anticipated to take place in late 2014 , but this was delayed . On 11 May 2015 , P01 conducted its first flight from Buochs Airport , Switzerland , for a total of 55 minutes . The occasion marked the start of test flights for the aircraft 's two-year certification campaign . At the time , type certification and initial deliveries were anticipated for 2017 .
On 16 November 2015 , P02 , the second prototype , performed its maiden flight , lasting for 82 minutes ; by this date , P01 had accumulated a total of 150 flying hours and had performed over 100 flights . In May 2016 , P01 took an brief intermission in the test program to appear on static display at EBACE ; by this point , P01 and P02 had accumulated more than 500 flight hours between them . During EBACE 2016 , it was commented that the program was on track and test flights had been free of surprises ; during a transatlantic crossing to the US , P02 had achieved a cruise speed in excess of 800 km/h ( 432 kt . ) , which was better than expected .
The PC-24 flight-test fleet was completed with the addition of the third prototype of P03 in March 2017 ; by May they had logged 950 flights and 1,525 hours . In August 2017 , Williams International received type and production certification from the EASA and FAA for its FJ44-4A-QPM while the three test aircraft accumulated over 1,700h of flight tests , on schedule for certification and introduction in the fourth quarter .
By October 2017 , more than 2,000 hours had been flown , with the P01 prototype flying 626 times and 900 hours . The P03 prototype will complete a functional and reliability program , including 150 hours over six weeks before certification is completed and initial deliveries commence .
The three prototypes flew 2205 hours including icing conditions and very hot temperatures , outside its flight envelope , bird strikes , structural stress tests and noise tests before it received EASA and FAA type certification on 7 December 2017 . Its performance goals were met or exceeded , like its maximum speed raised from 425 to 440 knots ( 787 to 815 km/h ) .
In the fourth quarter of 2018 , the aircraft was certified to land on dry sand and gravel . Australian RFDS was scheduled to start medevac in 2019 .
Transport Canada certification was awarded on 27 June 2019 .
In February 2020 , the design was approved for rough field operation , certifying the aircraft to operate from grass , wet earth and snow-covered surfaces , following a multiyear certification campaign .
As of February 2020 , the aircraft can operate from grass , wet earth , dry sand , gravel and snow .
Production
In late 2014 , an agreement between Pilatus and FlightSafety International will see the latter conduct US-based PC-24 pilot and technician training in Dallas , Texas . In May 2017 , series production was under way for a fourth quarter first delivery to PlaneSense , following certification .
In December 2017 , eight PC-24s were on the assembly line and 23 deliveries were planned for 2018 . The first customer delivery was completed on 7 February 2018 to PlaneSense .
In 2018 , 23 to 24 were planned for delivery , with 40 planned for 2019 and then 50 per year .
On 11 October 2018 , its MTOW was raised from , from the 31st serial aircraft produced , while its zero-fuel weight ( empty weight plus payload ) grew by .
Orders and deliveries
At the May 2014 EBACE , Pilatus sold the initial production run of 84 units 36 hours after orders opened . This first batch of orders is to be delivered until early 2020 . Orders were to reopen after publishing the aircraft 's final performance data and assessing operators ' feedback . Throughout its 40-year lifecycle , Pilatus plans to produce 4,000 units .
A PC-24 was ordered to transport the Swiss Federal Council .
When it was certified in December 2017 , it was priced at US $ 8.9M .
On 26 November 2018 , the first of five was delivered to the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia , supplementing its 35 PC-12s single turboprops .
Unpaved and short 856 m ( 2,810 ft ) runways should be allowed next , and it should enter service in early 2019 as an air ambulance with three beds and an electric stretcher loader . They feature individual oxygen , vacuum and power systems for patient monitoring and support installed under a supplemental type certificate by aircraft medical interiors specialist Aerolite AG , for $ 13 million complete each .
It will replace a midsize Hawker 800XP operated in Western Australia since 2009 , a gravel kit will be available by the end of the year , and Pilatus is working on operating on narrow runways , from .
By May 2019 , Pilatus had sold 30 units and reopened the PC-24 orderbook at the EBACE show , with about 80 delivery positions made available at a price of $ 10.7 million each , for late 2020 and 2021 deliveries . Of these new positions half were sold within days . The PC-24 had been granted European and US steep approach certification , including for London City airport 's 5.5° approach and short runway , plus dirt and gravel runway operations . Rough-field certification was approved for grass , wet earth and snow operations in late January 2020 .
The 50th was delivered by October 2019 , and the 100th by January 2021 .
In 2022 , its equipped price was $ M .
Design
The PC-24 is the company 's first jet-powered aircraft . Several competing business aircraft were identified early on , including Embraer 's Phenom 300 and Cessna 's Citation CJ4 .
It is a low-wing cantilever cabin monoplane powered by two Williams FJ44-4A turbofans , each mounted in a nacelle on the side of the rear fuselage . It has a T-tail and a retractable tricycle landing gear .
The aircraft is designed to operate from short and rough airstrips and incorporates an advanced wing design , with a large double-slotted flap system to achieve the necessary performance , having a stall speed of only 81 knots at the maximum landing weight .
The long-stroke trailing link landing gear smooths out uneven surfaces , the dual-wheel main wheels have of pressure to prevent sinking in soft surfaces , and the wing flaps have a replaceable , abradable surface and shields the high mounted engines from loose debris .
The cabin has room for eight passengers and two pilots . The cabin has three exits , a passenger door on the left-hand side near the front , overwing emergency exits on each side of the aircraft , and a cargo door on the left-hand side at the rear . Pilatus claims the PC-24 is the first business jet to be fitted with this standard pallet-sized cargo door .
The interior color schemes of the PC-24 have been designed by BMW Designworks ; interiors for the Americas are to be completed at a facility in Broomfield , Colorado , which will be expanded by 50 % to cope with the extra demand .
Pilatus and Honeywell cooperatively designed the Advanced Cockpit Environment for the type . This is intended to reduce pilot workload and allows the PC-24 to be single-pilot certified . The avionics system is based on Honeywell Primus Epic 2 .
At and , total fuel flow is per hour at M0.65 long range cruise or , raising to /h at its M0.74 high-speed cruise .
In July 2021 , the design was updated with a number of refinements for new-build aircraft that can also be retro-fitted to earlier production aircraft . These updates included newly designed , lighter and more comfortable , quick release cabin seats ; an optional galley to replace the forward coat closet ; touchscreen-controlled avionics ; tactile feedback in pitch and roll , plus limit protection ; pilot-defined visual approaches and automated audible callouts . Also approved were True Blue Power lithium-ion battery sets which are lighter and less expensive to maintain .
Operators
The aircraft is popular with air charter companies and is also operated by private companies .
By January 2021 , the fleet of 100 jets has logged 33,500 flight hours , including 2,375 hours by the fleet leader .
Military
Qatar Emiri Air Force : 2 aircraft
Swiss Air Force : 1 aircraft
Specifications
See also
References
External links
Pilatus aircraft
2010s Swiss business aircraft
Twinjets
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2015
T-tail aircraft
Lipogya eutheta , the grey bark moth , is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1917 . It is found in the Australian states of Queensland , New South Wales , and Victoria .
References
Boarmiini
Hermann Gallos ( 21 January 1886 – 20 February 1957 ) was an Austrian operatic tenor and academic teacher . He was a long-standing ensemble member of the Vienna State Opera and performed regularly at the Salzburg Festival from 1922 to 1950 , in roles such as Pedrillo in Mozart 's Die Entführung aus dem Serail and Valzacchi in Der Rosenkavalier by Richard Strauss .
Life and career
Born in Vienna , Gallos first studied law at the University of Vienna , and then voice at the Vienna Music Academy . He sang predominantly buffo roles and was often heard in important tenor secondary roles . In 1922 , the first year in which operas were performed at the Salzburg Festival , he appeared in Mozart operas , as Pedrillo in Die Entführung aus dem Serail and Don Curzio in Le nozze di Figaro , both conducted by Franz Schalk . He appeared at the festival until 1950 . He was involved in several new productions after the reconstruction of the Kleines Festspielhaus : in 1927 and 1936 as Jaquino in Beethoven 's Fidelio , from 1936 to 1938 as Augustin Moser in Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg and often as Valzacchi in Der Rosenkavalier by Richard Strauss , between 1929 and 1946 .
Gallos was for decades a member of the Vienna State Opera . He appeared as Scaramuccio in the first performance of the revised version of Ariadne auf Naxos on 4 October 1916 , singing 112 performances in the role . He toured with the ensemble to the Paris Opera in 1928 .
Gallos also taught at the Vienna Music Academy . He was a teacher of Hans Braun and Walter Berry , among others .
Gallos died in Vienna at age 71 . He is buried in the Wiener Zentralfriedhof ( group 33F , row 12 , number 8 ) .
Discography
Recordings with Gallos are held by the German National Library , including :
1933 : Der Rosenkavalier ( complete recording , Vienna )
1944 : Fidelio ( complete recording at Wiener Konzerthaus )
1950–1951 : Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg , conductor : Hans Knappertsbusch
1954 : Salome , conductor : Clemens Krauss ( Naxos Historical )
References
External links
Hermann Gallos Discography on Musixmatch.de
Hermann Gallos on JPC
1886 births
1957 deaths
Musicians from Vienna
Austrian operatic tenors
20th-century Austrian male opera singers
Voice teachers
University of Vienna alumni
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna alumni
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna faculty
The scarlet-chested sunbird ( Chalcomitra senegalensis ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
Range
It is found in Angola , Benin , Botswana , Burkina Faso , Burundi , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ivory Coast , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Kenya , Malawi , Mali , Mauritania , Mozambique , Namibia , Niger , Nigeria , Rwanda , Senegal , Sierra Leone , South Africa , Sudan , Swaziland , Tanzania , Togo , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Taxonomy
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the scarlet-chested sunbird in his Ornithologie based on a specimen collected in Senegal . He used the French name Le grimpereau violet du Sénégal and the Latin Certhia Senegalensis Violacea . Although Brisson coined Latin names , these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature . When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition , he added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson . One of these was the scarlet-chested sunbird . Linnaeus included a brief description , coined the binomial name Certhia senegalensis and cited Brisson 's work . This species is now placed in the genus Chalcomitra that was introduced by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach in 1853 . Six subspecies are recognised .
References
External links
Scarlet-chested sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
scarlet-chested sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
scarlet-chested sunbird
scarlet-chested sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jonathan David Bellion ( born December 26 , 1990 ) is an American singer-songwriter , rapper , and record producer . He was born and raised in Lake Grove , New York on Long Island . He is best known for his song `` All-Time Low , '' along with his writing and producing credits . Bellion has released four mixtapes and two studio albums . His first , The Human Condition , was released on June 10 , 2016 , and it debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 . He released his second studio album , Glory Sound Prep , on November 9 , 2018 .
He is currently signed to Visionary Music Group and Capitol Records . Bellion also opened the concerts from the third leg of Twenty One Pilots ' Emotional Roadshow World Tour , which also featured guest Judah and the Lion .
Early life
Bellion was born and raised in Lake Grove , New York . He is of Italian descent and his family comes from Naples . Torn between his love for basketball and music throughout high school , Bellion made the choice to pursue his music career in his junior year . After high school , he enrolled in the music program at the private Five Towns College in Dix Hills , New York . At the age of 19 , he decided to drop out of college and focus on writing professionally . He worked under songwriter and Warner Brothers A & R executive Kara DioGuardi for a year and signed a deal through her personal publishing company . Through this experience , Bellion learned how to write songs for different artists , in genres such as rock and hip hop .
Career
2011–2014 : Early career and various mixtapes
Bellion 's first mixtape , Scattered Thoughts Vol . 1 was released in early 2011 via his Facebook page and reached over 11,000 downloads . Jon Bellion signed with Visionary Music Group in 2012 and released a cover of Drake 's `` The Motto '' on VMG 's YouTube page .
In 2012 , Jon Bellion wrote the chorus to the song `` The Monster '' by Eminem featuring Rihanna . This song won a Grammy Award in the 2015 Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration . Bellion also co-wrote and produced the song `` Trumpets '' by Jason Derulo in 2012 , which was not released until 2013 in the UK and 2014 in the US .
Jon Bellion released his second free project , titled Translations Through Speakers on February 20 , 2013 , his third , The Separation on December 10 of the same year and his fourth free project , The Definition on September 23 , 2014 , with the single `` Luxury '' Bellion also headlined his first national tour called The Beautiful Mind Tour in October 2014 .
2015–2017 : Touring and The Human Condition
Bellion released several singles in early 2015 , including `` Woodstock ( Psychedelic Fiction ) '' , `` All-Time Low '' , and `` Woke the F * ck Up '' through Capitol Records . On March 31 , 2015 , Bellion announced his second national tour , The Definition Tour . The tour began on May 26 and concluded on July 2 . Bellion was also featured on `` Beautiful Now '' , a song on Zedd 's album True Colors , which was released on May 15 , 2015 . Bellion was also featured on American rapper B.o.B 's album Psycadelik Thoughtz on the song `` Violence '' .
Bellion released several acoustic versions of his songs , including one of `` All-Time Low '' on February 26 , 2016 , and one of `` Human '' on March 4 , 2016 .
Bellion confirmed that his debut album The Human Condition was set to be released on June 10 , 2016 . He released three promotional singles from the album : `` Guillotine '' , on April 13 , 2016 , `` 80 's Films '' , on May 27 , 2016 , and `` Maybe IDK '' on June 2 , 2016 . The lead single from the album , `` All-Time Low '' was released on May 13 , 2016 and became his most successful single to date , reaching number 16 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was certified Double-platinum in the US and Australia . On June 10 , The Human Condition was officially released . Bellion states that the album is simply about being human , explaining , `` Us as humans all have the same problems . We struggle with pride and tons of different issues that nobody really wants to talk about . So I figured if I 'm the honest one showing how human I am , it will make people feel better about themselves . '' In his music , Jon talks a lot about God . He does n't just talk about a vague idea of faith ; he makes sure to emphasize God specifically . Jon Bellion also says the sonics and album artwork for The Human Condition were created in order to get the attention of Disney/Pixar , saying , `` It 's like a giant business plan for Disney Pixar because it 's always been my dream to score a movie for them . So basically if my debut album blows up , John Lasseter [ of Disney Pixar ] and these guys will hopefully see these images and be like 'Wait a second this is not one of our movies , what is this ? ' '' The artwork for the album was created by visual development artist David Ardinaryas Lojaya . During The Human Condition tour , Bellion announced that a representative from Pixar met him at one of his shows . He was invited to the Pixar Campus and said he might be involved with a Pixar film in the near future .
In June 2017 , Bellion was picked as Elvis Duran 's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC 's Today show hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally where he performed `` All-Time Low '' live . Jon Bellion was the opening act for the US leg of rock duo Twenty One Pilots ' 2017 Emotional Roadshow World Tour . The 33-show tour began on January 17 in Providence , Rhode Island and ended on March 5 in Louisville , Kentucky .
On October 13 , 2017 , Bellion released his mixtapes Translations Through Speakers , The Separation and The Definition on digital stores as well as releasing a collection containing the three mixtapes entitled Growth .
2018 : Glory Sound Prep
On January 25 , Bellion teased a snippet of an upcoming song on an Instagram video . On April 16 , Bellion began teasing his next album with 4 pictures captioned with `` GSP '' . He later changed the name of his Instagram to his band/group `` Beautiful Mind '' . On June 23 , Bellion released a behind the scenes video of his previous album 's last track , `` Hand of God '' .
On October 9 , Bellion posted a photo to his Twitter account from `` GSP Staff '' , stating : `` Tomorrow , Headmaster Stormzy requests your presence for an orientation ceremony in the main atrium . Time : 3:00 pm EST . '' The following day he announced the studio album Glory Sound Prep on his Twitter account , which was set to be released on November 9 . On October 17 , he released a preview on his social media accounts of the first single from the album , `` Conversations with My Wife '' , which was released on October 19 . The following week , he released a preview on his social media accounts of the second single , `` JT '' , and released it on October 26 . `` Stupid Deep '' , the third single off of the album , was released on November 2 .
On November 9 , Bellion released Glory Sound Prep .
2019—present : Touring and hiatus
Bellion was cast for a voice role in the film Dragon Ball Super : Broly as Male Frieza soldier but had to step down to a lesser role due to scheduling conflict . Bellion is featured in a song with American DJ Illenium , titled `` Good Things Fall Apart '' , which released on May 13 , 2019 . He also released a single titled `` Crop Circles '' on May 30 , 2019 . Bellion embarked on The Glory Sound Prep Tour which began on June 12 and concluded on November 12 of the same year . He helped produce and write singles such as `` Stacy '' and `` Life Must Go On '' by Quinn XCII , as well as `` Liar '' and `` Shameless '' by Camila Cabello , `` Graveyard '' by Halsey , and `` Memories '' by Maroon 5 , `` Holy ” by Justin Bieber , featuring Chance the Rapper . Bellion co-wrote multiple songs on Justin Bieber 's Justice album , including the hit song `` Ghost '' , which Bellion says he wrote about his late grandmother . The song reached # 1 on the US Pop Radio . He also co-wrote and co-produced `` Vulnerable '' from Selena Gomez 's 2020 album Rare and co-wrote `` Daisies '' by Katy Perry .
On June 8 , 2021 , Bellion took to Twitter where he tweeted `` New music '' before quickly deleting the tweet . He then changed his social media into a `` blacked-out '' state a couple weeks later . Jon was featured on Lawrence 's song “ False Alarms ” released July 22 , 2021 . Bellion released his first single in over 2 years , “ I Feel It ” ( with Burna Boy ) on September 17 , 2021 .
Beautiful Mind Records
Bellion officially started his own record label in July 2019 called Beautiful Mind Records and signed the pop/soul band , Lawrence . Lawrence was the opener for most of his shows on the Glory Sound Prep Tour . He helped write and produce three singles off of their 2021 debut album Hotel TV : `` Casualty '' , `` It 's Not All About You '' , and `` The Weather ” .
Influences
Bellion has stated on multiple occasions that Kanye West is one of his biggest inspirations . `` I loved everything but it was Kanye West who really changed everything for me . '' Bellion has also stated that he was inspired by Eminem , Pharrell Williams , Coldplay , John Mayer , André 3000 , and Paul Simon . Bellion has also made it known that he is a big fan of J Dilla and Disney Pixar , drawing inspiration from the musician and computer animation film studio for both The Definition and The Human Condition . Bellion explains that he loves how Pixar movies are `` simple yet presented in a way that is groundbreaking . '' Bellion credits much of his musical development and success to his bandmates whom he met while in college , expressing his love for them in his `` Beautiful Mind Documentary '' stating , `` everybody in my band has taught me something , and has gotten me to where I am because of them '' continuing `` I surround myself with people better than me at something , you will very rarely see somebody around me , especially musically , who I do n't look up to '' .
Personal life
Bellion announced that he was married during the early months of 2018 . His song `` Conversations with My Wife '' from his 2018 album Glory Sound Prep alluded to his marriage and its attributes , leading his fanbase to question the relationship status that Bellion seldom discussed publicly .
Bellion identifies as a Christian .
Discography
Studio albums
The Human Condition ( 2016 )
Glory Sound Prep ( 2018 )
References
External links
1990 births
American male singers
Living people
Singers from New York ( state )
People from Suffolk County , New York
American people of Italian descent
American male rappers
American Christians
American hip hop singers
Capitol Records artists
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
The Platißbach is a roughly , southern and orographically right-hand tributary of the River Olef in the municipality of Hellenthal in Germany .
Course
The Platißbach rises in the High Fens-Eifel Nature Park in the North Eifel natural region of the Hollerath Plateau . Its source lies about northwest of the village of Hollerath and north of the Belgian border at a height of about 605 m .
The Platißbach initially flows in a northern direction . After about it collects an unnamed stream from the left and changes direction to head east . On reaching the B 265 it changes course again and flows parallel to the road in a northwesterly direction to its mouth . On its way it flows through the Platißbach Valley Nature Reserve .
The Platißbach picks up other tributaries from both sides , near ( a district of Hellenthal ) , the only village it passes , at a height of about 422 m , it is joined by its main tributary , the . In Hellenthal it empties into the Urft tributary , the Olef , at about 403 m .
Catchment and tributaries
The catchment of the Platißbachs is in area and drains over the Olef , Urft , Rur , Meuse and Hollands Diep into the North Sea .
See also
List of rivers of North Rhine-Westphalia
References
Rivers of North Rhine-Westphalia
Rivers of the Eifel
Euskirchen ( district )
Rivers of Germany
The Optometry Admission Test ( OAT ) is a test used to determine applicants ' qualification for admission to a school of optometry . All colleges of optometry in the United States and the University of Waterloo in Canada use scores from the exam , in addition to work done at the undergraduate level of study , to decide whether to accept candidates . The test is administered by the American Dental Association ( ADA ) on behalf of the Association of Schools and Colleges of Optometry ( ASCO ) .
Administration
The OAT is a multiple-choice examination offered year round at Prometric centers . The registration fee is $ 465 as of July 1 , 2019 , and there may be additional fees for rescheduling and requesting score reports .
The test consists of four sections :
Survey of the Natural Sciences
Reading Comprehension
Physics
Quantitative Reasoning
The test lasts , at most , for a total of 4 hours and 50 minutes . This time estimate includes three optional components : a 15-minute pre-test tutorial , a 30-minute mid-test break , and a 15-minute post-testing survey .
Test Content
The Survey of the Natural Sciences is composed of 100 questions total broken up into three subsections of Biology , General Chemistry , and Organic Chemistry . The Biology subsection consists of 40 questions and the General Chemistry and Organic Chemistry subsections consist of 30 questions .
The Reading Comprehension , Physics , and Quantitative Reasoning each have 40 items . Reading Comprehension will consist of three reading passages and tests one 's ability to understand the passage and analyze scientific information . The Quantitative Reasoning section includes both mathematical problems and applied mathematical problems .
Scoring
Scoring of the OAT ranges from 200 to 400 with the 50th percentile being set at 300 . Test results are not a raw score of correct answers . Rather , the raw score is converted to a scale score between 200 and 400 provided in increments of 10 .
References
External links
Optometry Admission Testing Program
Association of Schools and Colleges of Optometry
Standardized tests in the United States
Medical education in the United States
Professional examinations in healthcare
Eye care in the United States
The Cove Street Historic District encompasses a small 19th-century neighborhood area of Duxbury , Massachusetts . Located along Cove Street north of the town center , it was developed in the early 19th century to provide housing for workers in nearby shipyards . The architecture of the district includes a variety of single-family housing styles common to the region and time period . The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2019 .
Description and history
Cove Street is a continuation of Washington Street , the north–south route that traverses the town center of Duxbury . Originally laid out as a cart path leading to hayfields , it crosses the start of the Powder Point peninsula , which extends into Duxbury Bay between the Duck Hill and Blue Fish Rivers . The historic district extends for most of its length , from Washington Street in the south to Old Cove Road in the north . All of the principal buildings in the district are single-family wood-frame structures , built ( or remodeled ) in 19th-century styles , except for two Colonial Revival houses dating to the 1920s . Of the twelve houses , six are Federal in style and three are Greek Revival , while one is Italianate .
The area started out rural , but shipbuilding began to develop as an industry on the Blue Fish River as early as 1764 . Between then and the early decades of the 19th century , shipyards arose on both nearby rivers . A bridge was built across the Blue Fish River in 1803 , spurring residential development on Cove Street . By then , the area consisted of estate holdings of two shipyard owners ( separated by Cove Street ) , who proceeded to subdivide their properties for residential development . The area declined in the second half of the 19th century , as the town 's shipyards also declined .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Plymouth County , Massachusetts
Duxbury , Massachusetts
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
Greek Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Federal architecture in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Hypobapta diffundens , the diffundens grey , is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Thomas Pennington Lucas in 1891 . It is found in the Australian state of Queensland .
The wingspan is about 20 mm .
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species .
References
Moths described in 1891
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Australia
Short Poppies is a New Zealand mockumentary TV series starring , created and written by Rhys Darby and directed by Jemaine Clement and Michelle Walshe .
It follows real-life entertainment reporter David Farrier as he talks to `` extraordinary '' New Zealanders who happen to live in the same small fictional town known as `` The Bay '' . At the time of filming , Farrier worked for TVNZ 's competitor , MediaWorks .
All eight episodes became available in New Zealand on 1 April 2014 through TVNZ On Demand and became available in the United States on 4 April 2014 .
Characters
All of the Short Poppies characters David Farrier interviews are played by Rhys Darby .
Terry Pole
Terry Pole is a lifeguard who enters and reclaims the title of `` Best Legs '' in the local competition . He has a one-sided soulmate relationship with Georgina ( played by Georgia Hatzis ) , is good friends with Policeman Mike ( played by Jonno Roberts ) and is picked on by the other lifeguards . He is oblivious to most things going on around him , unless it is to do with his legs , including Georgina telling him they are not a couple or that one of the lifeguards has a crush on him .
Steve Whittle
Steve Whittle is a ufologist and conspiracy theorist who runs an alien abduction workshop at the library . He lives with his musician girlfriend , Elise ( played by Jackie van Beek ) and his mother , Tessa ( played by Annie Whittle ) who does not like Elise .
Ron Taylor
Ron Taylor is an amateur conservationist who loves the sea and establishes a whale watching company after spotting a whale in the bay . He used to work at the local fish and chips shop ( Hook , Line & Thinker ) for Colin ( played by Dave Fane ) . After having his grandfather 's boat impounded , Ron and Colin try and steal it back but are caught by Officer Mike . He is phoned by his father who states if he does not get the boat back , he is being relocated to Auckland . By the end of the series , Colin reemploys Ron to help him pay his fines and the two form a new whale watching company after Colin buys an actual boat .
Mary Ledbetter
Mary Ledbetter is a 63-year-old married woman who is the town `` mover and shaker '' , a member of the Hillside Hat Collectors Club and the president of the Ladywalkers ( a walking group for mature ladies who like to walk ) who prides herself on her ability to criticise but she is more of a busy body , compulsive complainer , gossip and a bigot . Her husband , Brian ( played by Ray Henwood ) , is quiet and takes the brunt of her criticism constantly . She lived in Australia for three weeks , which was only for her sister 's wedding . She treats her dead stuffed cat , Mitzy , as though it is still alive and is social media inept ( she thought Twitter was the name of a drug ) . She frequents the Blow n Wave Salon where she catches up on gossip and scandal .
While Mary comes across as oblivious ( her hairdresser , Alex Turnbull ( played by Karl Urban ) , states he `` loves cock '' and she states that he `` owns a chicken farm '' ) , it becomes apparent that she is aware that Alex is , in fact , gay .
Bill Napier
Bill is a Department of Conservation head ranger who may be too into nature , however he is very knowledgeable in New Zealand flora and fauna and even shows David a bear . He is in an estranged marriage to Linda and has two children , Flora ( played by Rhys 's niece , Lucy Coring ) and Fauna ( played by Rhys 's son , Finn Darby ) , who have moved to Jelleystone Park . He has a love/hate relationship with his brother-in-law , Tom ( played by Cohen Holloway ) , who still lives in the town and intentionally goes out of his way to antagonize Bill . He leads a team of rangers . During a staff awards ceremony , he becomes obsessed with his missing coffee mug ( the last gift given to him by his wife ) .
Louise Cooper
Louise Cooper is a local artist who `` won '' a commission to create the town 's centerpiece by changing a rejection letter into an acceptance letter . She works as a carpark attendant ( at a carpark she has created ) and is a single mother of a nine-year-old boy , Zeke ( played by Flynn Allen ) . At the end of the series , she is dating Rhod and works at Georgina 's crystal shop while Georgina is on maternity leave .
Rhod Gainer
Rhod Gainer is a local lawyer who is the classic Kiwi bloke and loves cars , beer , the ladies and sexual innuendo . He has a sister , Linda ( played by Rhys 's actual sister , Linda Darby-Coring ) .
Hayden Clarke
Hayden Clarke is the producer of the show and a bit of a self-righteous narcissist . He and David work for NZTV .
Supporting characters
David Farrier ( played by David Farrier ) plays a very similar version to his real life self . He works for NZTV and receives backlash from the edited trailer of the show at the end of the series .
Brian Ledbetter ( played by Ray Henwood ) is the husband of Mary Ledbetter .
Colin ( played by Dave Fane ) works at the local fish and chip shop and is Ron 's former boss . At the end of the series , he reemploys Ron to help him pay his fines .
Dwayne ( played by Grant Lobban )
Elsie ( played by Jackie van Beek ) is the girlfriend of Steve Whittle and suffers from agrophobia .
Georgina ( played by Georgia Hatzis ) is a citizen of the town . She is possibly American and is pregnant . Lifeguard Terry Pole has an unrequited crush on her and she seems to be a part of the life of each interviewee ( she is Bill 's secretary , goes to the same salon as Mary and is one of Louise 's art subjects ) . She is seen in the park with Policeman Mike and it is alluded that he is the father of her child and that the pair are dating in secret . By the end of the first series , she and Policeman Mike get engaged .
Jeff Mason ( played by Nick Rado ) is a DJ on the local radio station , Radio NZFM . He also emcees the events that happen in the town .
Lifeguard Bob ( played by Guy Roberts ) works with and picks on Terry .
Lifeguard Pete ( played by Vaughan King ) works with and picks on Terry . However , Pete may have a crush on Terry .
Lloyd ( played by Andrew Munro )
Policeman Mike Davies ( played by Jonno Roberts ) is the chief police officer in the town who the citizens describe as wearing short shorts . He may be the father of Georgina 's child and secretly the pair are dating . He is good friends with lifeguard Terry Pole . Towards the beginning of the series , he did n't sign a release form so his face was blurred ( badly ) . Mid-series , he accuses David Farrier of being the cause of the trouble that has happened since their arrival . Mike is also the Head Fisheries Officer for the town .
Ranger Gary ( played by Brett O'Gorman ) is part of Bill Napier 's team .
Ranger Haley ( played by Rachael Blampied ) is part of Bill Napier 's team . She is emotionally unstable .
Ranger Jason ( played by Josh Thomson ) is part of Bill Napier 's team who replaces any negative comments in the suggestion box with positive ones . He enters against Terry Pole in the Best Legs competition and books a whale watching excursion with Ron and Colin .
Sameer ( played by Jagdish Punja ) is a producer at Radio NZFM , the boss of Jeff Mason and the neighbour of Mary Ledbetter . He is kind to Mary even though she thinks he ca n't understand English and is quite bigoted .
Tessa Whittle ( played by Annie Whittle ) is the mother of Steve Whittle and is protective of her son .
Tom ( played by Cohen Holloway ) is Bill Napier 's brother-in-law who blames Bill for why his sister left . He also runs a whale watching business against Ron and Colin and competes against Terry in the Best Legs competition .
Zeke Cooper ( played by Flynn Allan ) is Louise Cooper 's son who is self-sufficient and very independent . He does all the housework and cooking because his mother is too busy . Based on his love of cars and combustion engines , it is hinted that his father is Rhod Gainer .
Guest characters
Alex Turnbull ( played by Karl Urban ) is Mary 's gay hairdresser who works at Blow n Wave Salon . He states he is not related to Alexander Turnbull .
Bear Grylls ( played by Bear Grylls ) plays a parody version of himself and has no time for the rangers . He complains that Bill and David 's camera crew are screwing things up . When asked by Bill why he is eating bugs , he replies that the coffee is too expensive at the ranger hut .
Karl Marx ( played by Jesse Griffin ) is the vice president of the car club Rhod Gainer wants to join .
Lifeguard Jim ( played by Craig Parker ) is the main lifeguard who bullies Terry Pole . He reveals that he does like Terry but in small doses .
Mr. Neal ( played by Sam Neill ) is Zeke Cooper 's principal and Louise 's former teacher . He does not like Louise but does like Zeke . He is an avid beekeeper ( he has one bee ) but when the bee escapes and stings Louise , he becomes enraged when Louise kills it .
Roger Fairweather ( played by Stephen Merchant ) is an insurance broker who Terry Pole meets with to insure his legs . He reveals to Terry that he hates sharks because one killed his first wife and that his second wife is in a coma .
Episodes
See also
List of New Zealand television series
2014 in New Zealand television
References
External links
2010s New Zealand television series
2014 New Zealand television series debuts
2014 New Zealand television series endings
New Zealand mockumentary television series
New Zealand television sitcoms
Television shows filmed in New Zealand
Television shows funded by NZ on Air
Television shows set in New Zealand
Jacob Hasbrouck De Witt ( October 2 , 1784 – January 30 , 1857 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York .
Early life
Born in Marbletown , New York , De Witt was raised in Twaalskill ( now part of the city of Kingston ) . His father was Colonel Thomas De Witt ( 1741-1809 ) , a veteran of the American Revolution . His mother , Elsie Hasbrouck DeWitt ( 1749-1832 ) , was the daughter of Jacob and Maria ( Hornbeck ) Hasbrouck , making her a member of the Hasbrouck family and a relative of many early notable Ulster County politicians . His parents had married February 28 , 1782 .
His aunt Mary De Witt was the first wife of General James Clinton , and was the mother of DeWitt Clinton , making him Jacob 's first cousin . Jacob De Witt attended the rural schools of Twaalskill and the Kingston ( New York ) Academy , afterwards becoming a farmer . His grandfather , Egbert A. DeWitt , was town supervisor of Rochester , Ulster County , New York from 1736 to 1738 .
He served as the adjutant of a militia regiment in the War of 1812 . He continued his militia service , and later attained the rank of Colonel as commander of the New York Militia 's 131st Regiment .
Political career and death
De Witt was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Sixteenth Congress ( March 4 , 1819 – March 3 , 1821 ) . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1820 , and returned to farming .
In 1827 and 1840 De Witt was Kingston 's Town Supervisor and a member of the Ulster County Board of Supervisors . He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1839 and 1847 .
De Witt died in Kingston on January 30 , 1857 . He was originally buried at Sharpe Cemetery on Albany Avenue , and later reinterred at Kinsgton 's Old Dutch Churchyard .
Personal life
Jacob married Mary Ann Meyer ( 1797-1816 ) on February 20 , 1815 . She died just a year later .
On June 8 , 1823 he married Sarah Ann Sleight , daughter of Johannes and Aaltje ( Swartwout ) Sleight and a granddaughter of Jacobus Swartwout . They had at least four children :
Elsie De Witt ( 1823-1900 ) ; died unmarried .
Mary De Witt ( 1825-1893 ) ; married Kingston banker James Sidney Evans ( 1816-1857 ) in 1850
Thomas Grier Evans ( 1852-1905 ) ; wrote the genealogical book `` de Witt Family of Ulster County , New York '' in 1886 ; was a Yale graduate and lawyer
Anna De Witt ( 1834-1901 ) ; married Charles Lytle Lamberton ( 1829-1906 ) , who was a Pennsylvania State Senator from 1862 to 1864
John Sleight De Witt ( 1838-1901 )
DeWitt Street in Kingston , New York was named for Jacob and his unmarried brother , Reuben DeWitt ( 1787-1859 ) .
References
Jacob H. De Witt in History of Ulster County , New York by Nathaniel Bartlett Sylvester
Jacob H. De Witt , list of Kingston Town Supervisors in Proceedings of the Ulster County Legislature
Jacob H. Dewitt , commander of the 131st Regiment in Annual Report of the New York State Historian
1784 births
1857 deaths
People from Marbletown , New York
Politicians from Kingston , New York
American militiamen in the War of 1812
Town supervisors in New York ( state )
Members of the New York State Assembly
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Burials in New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
American militia officers
De Witt family
Daniel Doom ( born 28 November 1934 ) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist . He won the E3 Harelbeke in 1960 .
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from West Flanders
People from Kortemark
Wolffdene is a rural locality in the City of Logan , Queensland , Australia . In the , Wolffdene had a population of 288 people .
Geography
The locality is bounded to the east by the Albert River .
The Beaudesert–Beenleigh Road runs through from south-east to north-east .
History
Belivah Provisional School opened circa 1874 and classes were held in a church . In September 1891 , the residents were agitating to relocate the school to a location closer to where more children lived , but Queensland Government did not wish to pay for a new provisional school . In March 1892 , the residents commenced the construction of a new school themselves and the Queensland Government agreed to contribute £37 to complete the building . It was renamed Wolffdene Provisional School . On 1 January 1909 , it became Wolffdene State School . It closed in 1935 but re-opened 15 February 1939 . It closed permanently on 31 August 1942 . It was located at 810 Beaudesert Beenleigh Road ( ) .
In 1989 , the Goss Government rejected a proposal to build Wolffdene Dam on the Albert River . Later , a dam near Glendower Homestead was once planned in a Queensland Government water strategy report from 1990 . The option was discarded after it was revealed the site was too costly to build a dam for the amount of water it would have provided .
In the , Wolffdene had a population of 292 people .
In the , Wolffdene had a population of 288 people .
Education
There are no schools in Wolffdene . The nearest government schools are Windaroo State School in Mount Warren Park to the north and Cedar Creek State School in Cedar Creek to the south . The nearest government secondary school is Windaroo Valley State High School in Bahrs Scrub to the north .
References
Suburbs of Logan City
Localities in Queensland
Timor Telecom , S.A. ( TT ) is an East Timorese telecommunications company , based in the national capital Dili .
The company originally had a state monopoly on telecommunications in East Timor . The monopoly was lifted by the government in 2010 in response to overwhelming public opinion in favour of liberalisation .
Shareholdings
, the largest shareholder of the company ( 54.01 % ) was Telecomunicações Públicas de Timor , S.A. ( TPT ) , which was controlled by Investel Communications , a Brazilian company owned by Timorese businessman , with partners and capital from the Middle East and China .
The shareholders of TPT were Investel ( 76 % ) , the Harii Foundation – Sociedade para o Desenvolvimento de Timor-Leste ( linked to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Baucau ) ( 18 % ) , and Fundação Oriente ( 6 % ) .
Investel held a further 3.05 % of TT via another company , PT Participações SGPS , S.A . The remaining shareholders in TT were the State of Timor-Leste ( 20.59 % ) , VDT Holding Limited , a Macau-based company ( 17.86 % ) and East Timorese businessman Júlio Alfaro ( 4.49 % ) .
History
In September 1999 , the telecommunications infrastructure in East Timor was destroyed during the crisis following the East Timorese independence referendum . In 2001 , the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ( UNTAET ) launched an international tender for the construction of a replacement telecommunications system . The new network was to be operated according to a concession agreement as a BOT ( Build–operate–transfer ) arrangement . In July 2002 , the Timor Telecom consortium ( led by Portugal Telecom ) was awarded the tender .
On 17 October 2002 , the Timor Telecom consortium was transformed into Timor Telecom , S.A. , the first corporation to be formed in the newly independent East Timor . Under the concession agreement , TT was granted a monopoly on telecommunications in East Timor for a term of 15 years .
By 1 March 2003 , the company had created East Timor 's first national telecommunications network , and set up its country code , +670 . On that day , the company began operating the network in Dili , Lospalos , Baucau and Oecusse . By the end of 2003 , landline , mobile and internet services were available on the network , and the company had opened its first store in Dili . The following year , the company started operating a telecommunications station on Atauro , and opened stores in Baucau and Gleno .
In 2005 , further stores followed in Maliana , Suai and Pante Macassar . In 2006 , independent East Timor 's first phone book appeared . The following year , 2007 , the first yellow pages were published ( also online ) and voice mail was first offered . By 2008 , the company had 125,000 mobile customers . In 2009 , it engaged ZTE , a Chinese equipment supplier , to expand its mobile telecommunications system and establish Wideband CDMA .
In March 2010 , the East Timorese government approved a new telecommunications policy , under which telecommunications would be liberalised . TT 's monopoly was to be ended in response to overwhelming public opinion in favour of liberalisation , and in line with developments in the European Union and other countries in the Pacific such as South Korea . In 2012 , the government and the company signed an agreement for the early end of the monopoly .
On 2 October 2013 , Portugal Telecom and Oi , S.A. , a Brazilian telecommunications company , announced that they would combine operations to form a new Brazil-based business . In 2015 , the merged company 's assets in Portugal were sold to Altice to reduce debt ; the merged company retained its interests in TT . In June 2016 , Oi filed for a 19 billion ( 65 billion ) bankruptcy protection , the largest on record for Brazil . In December 2016 , Oi sought approval from a Rio de Janeiro district court to sell its stake in TT to Investec , and in March 2017 the court gave its approval , subject to an assessment that the amount Investec had offered was appropriate .
Meanwhile , TT , now operating under the new liberalised telecommunications policy , expanded its range of services and steeply reduced its prices . In 2013 , it introduced three new customer plans , completed the renovation of all of its existing stores , and opened a new call centre at . Since then , the company has introduced new technologies , including an improved internet concept and a high speed internet mobile service .
Services and coverage
TT offers landline and mobile voice and internet services , under a variety of plans . , the company covered about 94 % of East Timor 's population with mobile network and internet services , and had about 632,500 customers for those services .
References
External links
Dili
East Timorese brands
Former government-owned companies
Internet service providers of East Timor
Mobile phone companies of East Timor
Online content distribution
Telecommunication companies established in 2002
Telecommunication companies of East Timor
2002 establishments in East Timor
Barry Dunnion is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Four Masters and also , formerly , for the Donegal county team .
He plays at wing-back .
Club
Dunnion won the Donegal Senior Football Championship with his club in 2003 .
Inter-county
Dunnion was first called up to the senior team by Brian McEniff for winter training in 2003 . He played in the 2006 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park and scored one point .
Nominated for an Star award in 2006 , he later became hampered by injury which caused him to miss Donegal 's 2011 Ulster Senior Football Championship success . A member of the Donegal team that won the National Football League in 2007 , playing from the start to the end in the final against Mayo , His injury nightmare began during the 2007 Ulster Senior Football Championship . Having played all the way through the league , including the final won by Donegal , as well as the Ulster Senior Football Championship quarter-final against Armagh , he tore his groin kicking a ball while running out at Clones for the semi-final against Tyrone . In the following years he underwent four major operations , three on the groin and one on the posterior cruciate he ruptured while playing for his club .
Honours
Donegal
Ulster Senior Football Championship runner-up : 2006
National Football League Division 1 : 2007
Club
Donegal Senior Football Championship : 2003
Individual
All Star : 0
Nominated in 2006
References
External links
Official profile
Barry Dunnion at gaainfo.com
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Four Masters Gaelic footballers
Noor-ul-Haq Qadri is a Pakistani politician who was Federal Minister for Religious Affairs and Inter-faith Harmony , ( 20 August 2018 – 10 April 2022 ) . He has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018 . Previously , he was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2013 .
Personal life
He holds a PhD degree .
A Sunni , he belongs to the Barelvi school of thought . He is a prominent religious figure in Landi Kotal and has a large following . His brother Hafiz Abdul Malik is also a politician , having been a senator .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-45 ( Tribal Area-X ) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election . He received 9,121 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Ajab Khan Afridi . Reportedly , he served as Minister for Religious Affairs in the federal cabinet during the rule of former President Pervez Musharraf .
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-45 ( Tribal Area-X ) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 13,876 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Mohammad Ibrahim Koki Khel . In November 2008 , he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Federal Minister for Zakat and Ushr where he continued to serve until December 2010 . He remained a member of the federal cabinet without portfolio from December 2010 to February 2011 .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-45 ( Tribal Area-X ) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 20,181 votes and lost the seat to Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi .
He joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) in November 2017 .
He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of PTI from Constituency NA-43 ( Tribal Area-IV ) in 2018 Pakistani general election . He received 33,243 votes and defeated Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi .
On 18 August , Imran Khan formally announced his federal cabinet structure and Qadri was named as Minister for Religious Affairs and Inter-faith Harmony . On 20 August 2018 , he was sworn in as Federal Minister for Religious Affairs and Inter-faith Harmony in the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Imran Khan .
He condemned the 2020 Karak temple attack , where a mob of 1,500 local Muslims led by a local Islamic cleric and the supporters of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam party attacked and burnt the temple .
References
Pashtun people
People from Khyber District
Living people
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MNAs
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Federal ministers of Pakistan
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Barelvis
Munir Khan Orakzai ( 1959/1960 - 2 June 2020 ) was a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018 , and Ex parliamentary leader of FATA and a senior was member of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2013 .
Political career
Orakzai was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-38 ( Tribal Area-III ) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election . He received 6,619 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Gul Manan .
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-38 ( Tribal Area-III ) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 16,525 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Akhunzada Obaidullah Sharif .
He was the member of 18th Amendment . Due to services for the nation he received the Nishan-e-Imtiaz in 2011 .
Munir khan Orakzai joined JUI F on 11th of February 2013 . Referring to the party 's recently constituted grand jirga to discuss issues faced by the tribal people , Jan said : “ He ( Munir ) has been attending our jirga deliberations even before joining ( the party ) . And being a prominent tribal and political personality , he is entitled to become a member of the jirga . ”
. He was Jamiat Ulema-e Islam ( F ) ( JUI-F ) candidate for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-38 ( Tribal Area-III ) in 2013 Pakistani general election . However , an election meeting of the JUI-F was attacked which killed at least 19 people . Orakzai was the apparent target of the attack claimed by Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , due to which the elections were postponed in the constituency .
He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal ( MMA ) from Constituency NA-45 ( Tribal Area-VI ) in 2018 Pakistani general election . He received 16,353 votes and defeated Said Jamal , a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf .
Death
He died on 2 June 2020 , due to a heart attack caused by post COVID-19 complications . He had tested positive for Covid-19 in April . He was buried in his ancestral graveyard in Mandoori .
References
Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal MNAs
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Kurram District
2020 deaths
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Year of birth missing
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Punjab , Pakistan
The Parliamentary Special Committee on Kashmir is predominantly composed of senior MNAs and Senators of Pakistan . Its fundamental function is to raise the critical issue of Kashmir at national and international level . Its other key feature is its continuous progress in bringing all major political forces in one platform in order to pursue Kashmir cause . During the nineties , two Parliamentary Committees were established .
The Kashmir Committee comprising 31 members , is one of the most important parliamentary bodies , and the slot of its chairman goes to a seasoned and respected politician . In the past , stalwarts like Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan , Chaudhry Muhammad Sarwar Khan and Ch . Hamid Nasir Chattha held this important position . Because of the importance of the issue , when the Parliament was not in position the former president Pervez Musharraf also formulated a National Kashmir Committee headed by the Kashmir veteran leader Sardar Abdul Qayyum .
The first one , comprising 24 members ( MNAs : 21 & Senators : 3 ) was headed by late Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan , MNA ( December , 1993 – November , 1996 ) ; whereas the second , with 26 members ( MNAs ) was led by late Chaudhry Muhammad Sarwar Khan , MNA ( May , 1997 – October , 1999 ) . The third Parliamentary Kashmir Committee was established in June , 2004 with Ch . Hamid Nasir Chattha , MNA its chairman . The Committee comprised 49 members ( MNAs : 36 & Senators : 13 ) and continued until November , 2007 . Fourteen of its Members were Ministers also . Chairman of Kashmir Committee has been accorded status of Federal Minister in Pakistan .
Current chairman of Kashmir Committee is Shehryar Khan Afridi .
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20091015083041/http : //www.na.gov.pk/s_kashmir_committee.html
http : //www.na.gov.pk/en/pressrelease.php ? content=106
Kashmir
Parliament of Pakistan
Cory Bent ( born 14 May 1997 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Canadian club HFX Wanderers .
Early life
Bent was born in Manchester and grew up in Preston , Lancashire . He began playing football at age six , and spent a year with the academy of Premier League giants Manchester United at the under-8 level . The following year , he switched to the academy of EFL Championship side Preston North End , where he played until the age of fourteen .
Club career
AFC Fylde
After a year out of the game following his release from Preston North End , Bent joined the reserve side of National League North club AFC Fylde , where he eventually signed for the first team . On 2 December 2014 , Bent made his senior debut for the club as an 89th-minute substitute against Stockport County . He made a total of three appearances that season , all as a substitute .
In early 2015 , Bent went on loan with Northern Premier League side Clitheroe . Bent subsequently signed with NPL side Lancaster City in August 2015 after making one appearance for Fylde in the new season . Later that season , he played for West Lancashire Premier League side Longridge Town .
Cape Breton University
In 2016 , Bent moved to Canada to attend Cape Breton University , where he played varsity football for the Capers . In four seasons at CBU , Bent made 46 appearances and scored 24 goals . In 2017 , he won the U Sports Championship in 2017 and was named finals MVP . He was named to the U Sports All-Canadian first team in 2018 and 2019 .
In summer 2018 , Bent played for USL PDL side Victoria Highlanders , scoring two goals in ten appearances . The following summer , he played for defending PDL champions Calgary Foothills , scoring two goals in nine league appearances and making one additional appearance in the playoffs .
HFX Wanderers
On 11 November 2019 , Bent was selected first overall by HFX Wanderers in the 2019 CPL–U Sports Draft . On 4 May 2020 , he signed his first professional contract with Wanderers . He made his professional debut on August 15 against Pacific FC . In January 2022 , HFX announced they were exercising Bent 's contract option , keeping him at the club through 2022 .
Personal life
Bent is the son of former footballer Junior Bent , as well as a cousin of former footballer Darren Bent .
Career statistics
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Association football forwards
English footballers
Footballers from Manchester
Footballers from Preston , Lancashire
Black British sportspeople
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
English expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Manchester United F.C . players
Preston North End F.C . players
AFC Fylde players
Clitheroe F.C . players
Lancaster City F.C . players
Longridge Town F.C . players
Cape Breton Capers soccer players
Victoria Highlanders players
Calgary Foothills FC players
HFX Wanderers FC draft picks
HFX Wanderers FC players
National League ( English football ) players
Northern Football League players
USL League Two players
Canadian Premier League players
Canadian Premier League first overall draft picks
Dorsey Wright ( born Jan 8th 1957 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Cleon in the 1979 film The Warriors .
Biography
Wright was born in The Bronx , New York City on April 21 , 1957 , and earned his first acting role in 1979 , in The Warriors , for which he is best remembered . He co-starred in the film version of Hair that same year . In 1981 , he appeared as a gang member in the film Ragtime and played Junior Jones in the 1984 film adaptation of John Irving 's novel The Hotel New Hampshire .
Dorsey Wright was , for a brief time , part of a not-for-profit theater group based in New York City , called the Theater for the Forgotten . The project was run by founders Akila Couloumbis and Beverly Rich , funded by The National Council for the Arts and several other sources . The brainchild of Akila Couloumbis , the group put on plays for the institutionalized , ranging from prisons and drug rehab to hospitals in six states for thirty years , a long run for a creative non-profit organization . Some of the plays were written in collaboration with the theater groups Dream 76 and Forever My Earth .
Wright now works for the New York Transit Authority and does voice-overs for television and radio commercials . In 2005 , he reprised his role as Cleon in the video game version of The Warriors .
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from New York City
African-American male actors
American male film actors
American male voice actors
People from the Bronx
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Dineh Kabud ( , also Romanized as Dīneh Kabūd ; also known as Dīneh Kabūd-e ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 434 , in 125 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Pir Dilawar Shah is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-14 ( Kohat ) as a candidate of Awami National Party ( ANP ) in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 30,681 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Malak Mohammad Asad Khan .
In 2013 , he quit ANP and joined Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-14 ( Kohat ) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 10,041 votes and lost the seat to Shehryar Khan Afridi .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
People from Kohat District
Year of birth missing ( living people )
William Michael Zadick ( born April 3 , 1973 ) is an American amateur wrestler . He won an NCAA college wrestling championship while competing with the University of Iowa and the 2006 World Wrestling Championships in freestyle wrestling .
International wrestling career
Bill Zadick was a resident athlete at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs , Colorado , from 2004-2008 . His intensive training there helped him reach the pinnacle of the international amateur wrestling ranks when he won the gold medal at 66 kg/145.5 pounds at the 2006 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Guangzhou , China . He won bronze at the 2007 Pan-American Championships .
Zadick 's international wrestling career began in 1996 , after he graduated from the University of Iowa . He competed in the 2001 World Championships , placing seventh . Zadick was the runner-up at 66 kg at the U.S. Olympic Team Trials in 2000 and 2008 . He was a three-time U.S. Nationals finalist in 2003 , 2006 , and 2008 , and a two-time World Team Trials runner-up in 1999 and 2002 .
In 2021 , Zadick was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame as a Distinguished Member .
College wrestling career
Zadick was a two-time All-American for the University of Iowa , where he was coached by the legendary Dan Gable . Zadick placed fifth at the 1995 NCAA national championships and capped his career at Iowa by winning the NCAA championship at 142 pounds in 1996 . His collegiate career record was 87-13 with 16 pins , competing from 1993 to 1996 at 134 and 142 pounds .
He earned a bachelor 's degree in art from Iowa in 1996 .
High school wrestling career
Zadick wrestled at Great Falls High School , where he was coached by Tim Owens . He is one of only 37 wrestlers to win four Montana state championships , which he accomplished in four different weight classes : 98 pounds ( 1988 ) , 112 pounds ( 1989 ) , 119 pounds ( 1990 ) , and 135 pounds ( 1991 ) .
Coaching career
After retiring from competition in 2008 , Zadick was named the Resident Coordinator and Assistant National Coach for USA Wrestling . He serves as the liaison between USA Wrestling and the U.S. Olympic Training Center in matters pertaining to USA Wrestling 's resident athlete programs . Among his other duties are coordinating educational and professional development opportunities for the wrestling resident athletes , and assisting with coaching at resident and National Team practices . Zadick was instrumental in bringing 2013 Junior World gold medalist wrestler Kyle Snyder to the United States Olympic Training Center , and helped coached Kyle Snyder to a Junior World Championship in August 2013 .
In June 2016 , Zadick was named the head coach of the United States Senior Freestyle team , beginning after the 2016 Olympics . The following year , he won the USOC National Coach of the Year in 2017 .
Personal information
Bill and his younger brother , Mike Zadick , are part of the University of Iowa 's tradition of brothers competing for the Hawkeyes . Mike was a 2008 Olympian and the 2006 silver medalist at 132.25 pounds ( 60 kg ) . He was a three-time all-American for the Hawkeyes , winning a Big Ten title at 149 pounds in 2002 . Mike is currently an assistant coach for the Iowa State University Cyclones .
Zadick is the son of Bob and Toni Zadick of Great Falls . He also has two sisters , Terri and MaryAnn . He lives in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
See also
List of World and Olympic Champions in Men 's Freestyle Wrestling
United States results in Men 's Freestyle Wrestling
Greco-Roman wrestling
References
Living people
1973 births
American male sport wrestlers
Chickenfoot is an American hard rock supergroup formed in 2008 . The group consists of vocalist Sammy Hagar ( ex-Van Halen and -Montrose ) , bassist Michael Anthony ( also ex-Van Halen ) , guitarist Joe Satriani , and drummer Chad Smith ( Red Hot Chili Peppers ) . Due to Smith 's consistent recording and touring commitments with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Kenny Aronoff joined the group in 2011 as a touring replacement drummer . While the band has not formally announced a breakup , in June 2016 Smith said that he had doubts about its survival due to their busy schedules .
The group has released two studio albums , one live album , and one box set .
Bassist Michael Anthony asserts that the name originated from initial jam sessions between Hagar , Smith , and himself : `` there are three talons on a chicken 's foot and there are three of us . '' Anthony later stated : `` it was just supposed to be a bullshit name that we 'd used for a while , and then [ when ] the rumors spread about the band , everybody used that name so we thought , 'fuck it , let 's call it Chickenfoot'—it all comes down to the music anyway . '' Chickenfoot 's second studio album , Chickenfoot III , was released on September 27 , 2011 .
History
Chickenfoot ( 2008–2009 )
According to vocalist Sammy Hagar : `` Chickenfoot started off with me , Michael Anthony , and Chad Smith jamming at my club , Cabo Wabo , in Mexico . Then people started asking us when we were going to tour , make a record , etc . So I said if we 're going to do this properly then we 're going to have to get a guitarist , so let 's talk to Joe Satriani . As far as I 'm concerned he 's the best guitarist in the world . '' Hagar , Anthony and Satriani had previously collaborated in 2002 under the name Planet Us . The band also appeared in an episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
The band 's first performance together was in February 2008 at a Hagar concert in The Pearl Concert Theatre @ The Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas . The show included a three song set which included Led Zeppelin 's `` Rock and Roll '' , Traffic 's `` Dear Mr. Fantasy '' and `` Going Down '' , a song often performed by Hagar and Anthony in their other band , Los Tres Gusanos .
During breaks in Satriani 's touring schedule , the four-piece gathered in Hagar 's home to record demos , and ultimately recorded a full-length album at Skywalker Sound . The band 's eponymous debut album , Chickenfoot , was released on June 4 , 2009 . On its release date , Chickenfoot performed the single `` Oh Yeah ! '' on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien . Chickenfoot subsequently began touring in Europe and America .
In October 2009 , Smith reconvened with the Red Hot Chili Peppers to begin work on their tenth studio album , ultimately causing Chickenfoot to enter a temporary hiatus . Despite this , the band still appeared on television once more to perform `` Sexy Little Thing '' and `` Oh Yeah '' on the November 6 , 2009 broadcast of Jimmy Kimmel Live ! ( taped November 5 ) .
Chickenfoot III ( 2010–2012 )
On May 6 , 2010 , Chad Smith confirmed that Chickenfoot would be recording their second album in late 2010 after he completes the recording of the next Red Hot Chili Peppers album . Around the same time , Satriani confirmed that a number of songs had been written , including one called `` Come Closer '' , which began simply as a piano and vocal number .
On September 3 , 2010 , Chickenfoot announced that they were preparing to record their second album . On January 21 , 2011 , Michael Anthony confirmed that the band would enter the studio on January 29 , 2011 , along with Chad Smith , who recorded the drums for the album . On March 11 , 2011 , Hagar confirmed that the band had been recording with Mike Fraser , a Canadian producer , engineer , and mixer . He also confirmed that they had 12 songs , and the official title for the new album is Chickenfoot III ( three ) . Hagar said `` It 's the working title , but I guarantee it 'll stick . '' Chickenfoot III was announced to be released in fall 2011 with the album cover being in 3-D. Hagar also stated the band were planning to do a third , fourth , and greatest hits albums sometime in the future .
On July 6 , 2011 , it was announced that the band signed a new distribution deal with eOne Music in North America . On July 8 , 2011 , the band posted a teaser of one of their new songs online with this message : `` Attention Foot Soldiers ... Get Your Boots On '' .
Chad Smith did not take part in the promotion or touring of Chickenfoot III due to his prior commitments to the Red Hot Chili Peppers , whose album I 'm with You was released on August 30 , 2011 , and the album 's subsequent tour . Satriani later stated that Kenny Aronoff would likely take over the drumming duties from Smith for the tour promoting the second album , and this was confirmed on August 27 .
On September 27 , for the release of III , the band played a live concert via webcast from TRI Studios in California . A fan Q & A followed the performance . They also played a show at the Cabo Wabo Cantina in Mexico on October 9 , 2011 . The 2012 `` Different Devil '' summer US tour started on May 4 in South Lake Tahoe , and included at least 20 dates . It was announced on August 28 , 2012 , that since Chickenfoot 's former record label went out of business , and the debut album could n't be found anywhere , they are re-releasing the debut album with eOne music with bonus live tracks `` Lighten Up '' , `` Big Foot '' , `` Last Temptation '' , and `` Something Going Wrong '' , recorded during the Different Devil tour of Spring 2012 . On November 30 , 2012 , Chickenfoot 's first live album LV was released as part of the limited edition box set I+III+LV paired with their first and second album in their Limited Edition releases . On December 7 , 2012 , LV saw a release on its own .
Hiatus and other projects ( 2013–2015 )
In a Rolling Stone interview released in October 2014 , Hagar stated that although he had enjoyed working with the group , disappointing album sales probably precluded a third Chickenfoot studio album . Satriani also has made similar comments about album sales being a factor that has prevented them from continuing quickly .
In September 2015 , Joe Satriani confirmed that the band were working on a new song with possibly more to come : `` I think all my complaining and foot stomping really had an effect , because it was really bothering me and I still , philosophically , just felt like there was a really big disconnect there between me and some of the other members of Chickenfoot '' . He went on to add `` and I can happily tell you now that there is a track that is circulating through the band '' . There was no timeline given for the release of the new music , but according to Satriani `` there 's hope '' .
Reunion and possible third album ( 2016–present )
The band briefly reunited for two shows on May 7 and 8 , 2016 at Harrah 's Showroom at South Lake Tahoe . During the show , the band debuted a song titled `` Divine Termination '' .
Chad Smith discussed the future of Chickenfoot in a June 2016 interview with Rolling Stone . He was asked if Chickenfoot was ever going to tour again , to which he replied `` We just played a few weeks ago up in Tahoe , but everyone has different things going on . Sam [ Hagar ] has his own thing with Mike [ Anthony ] and Joe [ Satriani ] is on his own tour . We really enjoy playing together , but with my schedule I do n't see us playing too much . I would love to make some new music with those guys , but we 'd have to be in the same room at the same time . I just do n't know . It 's up in the air . I love playing with those guys , though . It 's a real treat . ''
Hagar shared his plans for the band in November 2017 , during an appearance on the `` Trunk Nation '' show on SiriusXM channel Volume : `` Joe and I have been talking , when he finishes his [ solo ] tour next June , if he has enough time and if Chad 's available , about doing another Chickenfoot record . And if they ca n't do it , if we ca n't all get together , then I 'm gon na do a Circle record . It 's gon na be one or the other . Those are my two favorite bands in the world . And I would like to do a Circle record . ''
Band members
Michael Anthony – bass guitar , backing vocals ( 2008–2012 , 2016 )
Sammy Hagar – lead vocals , rhythm guitar ( 2008–2012 , 2016 )
Joe Satriani – lead guitar , keyboards , piano ( 2008–2012 , 2016 )
Chad Smith – drums , percussion ( 2008–2012 , 2016 )
Touring members
Kenny Aronoff – drums , percussion , backing vocals ( 2011–2012 )
Discography
Studio albums
Compilations
Live albums
Box sets
Singles
Music videos
Video
References
External links
Joe Satriani Universe - Chickenfoot history , albums and lyrics
American hard rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical quartets
Rock music supergroups
MNRK Music Group artists
2008 establishments in Mexico
Love Da Records artists
The Splash Dinghy is 3.5 m in length and all boats are identical , thus , as is typical in One-Design classes , the sailor 's ability rather than equipment is emphasised fleet racing . The boats employ an un-stayed mono rig with a sail area of 6.3 m2 , which makes the class easy to handle by sailors ranging from 45 to 80 kg . This , combined with the low hull weight of 55 kg , allow the class to serve as a stepping stone between the Optimist Dinghy and boats such as the Laser Radial , suiting sailors in the age range from 13 to 21 years .
Competitions are held at club , national and international level . In New Zealand , UK , Netherlands , Sweden , and many other countries in Europe , the National Splash Associations arrange many events during the season , ranging from the travellers ' ranking series , training camps , coaching , national champs , and world selection trials .
New boats cost around EURO 4500 , but second hand boats are considerably cheaper and some clubs have schemes whereby sailors can charter boats until they decide to continue with the class .
The Splash is capable of speeds of over 10 knots on a broad reach , and has performance very similar to Laser 4.7 - its Portsmouth Yardstick is 1184 , slightly higher than the Laser 4.7 . It is similar in appearance to a Laser hull but is shorter and wider and has a vertical bow .
Splash BLUE
The Splash is available called the `` SPLASH BLUE '' it is the standard Splash , this boat is designed for sailors weighing over 45–80 kg The BLUE has a Portsmouth Yardstick of 1220 .
Until recently most Splash sailors at 18 had to move to the RED . Today you can sail Splash BLUE in official regattas till the age of 21 years . Most sailors followed the Olympic route of Laser Radial and skipped the Splash RED ( former Flash , as it can be a little over powering for the smaller sailor . Splash is ideal for sailors from the age of 13 till the age of 21 years . Now sailors at from all ages can sail a Splash in the Splash RED class .
The Splash BLUE is the international Class with their own Worldchampionships .
Splash RED
Another version of the Splash is available called the `` SPLASH RED '' it has more sail area with the same Splash boom and the same size hull . The sail is 7.2 square meters . This boat is designed for sailors weighing over 70 kg The RED has a Portsmouth Yardstick of 1155 , making it 4.6 % faster than the Splash .
Until recently most Splash sailors at 18 had to move to the RED . Most sailors followed the Olympic route of Laser Radial and skipped the Flash , as it can be a little over powering for the smaller sailor . Now sailors at 18 can sail a Splash in the Splash Blue Class until the age of 20 .
Splash RED has no age limit . You can sail Splash RED if you are 14 or 20 or 30 years . The class welcomes parent whose kids sail Splash BLUE . While parents sail at the same time Splash RED
Splash RED is a European Class on this moment . Mostly sailed in Germany , Netherlands , Czech Republic , Austria and Spain .
There are also Splash RED boats in New Zealand , China , Panama .
Splash GREEN
Another version of the Splash is available called the `` SPLASH GREEN '' it has less sail area and the same Splash boom and the same size hull , this boat is designed for sailors weighing under 50 kg The GREEN is developed in 2014 and has no yardstick .
It is the perfect switch from optimist or Topper to start enyoing a fast and cool single handed dinghy .
AGE change
Until recently most Splash sailors at 18 had to move to the RED . Most sailors followed the Olympic route of Laser Radial and skipped the Flash , as it can be a little over powering for the smaller sailor.Now sailors at 18 can sail a Splash in the Splash + Class .
In 2014 the Class changed the age for Splash till 21 years .
World championships
The Splash is an ISAF international youth class yacht and each year a world championship is held .
The Most famous British Splash sailor was Bradley Field .
Recent world championship venues have included Tavira , Portugal 2008 , and Split , Croatia 2007 .
The 2009 world champs were in ;
Pwllheli , Wales on 8–14 August .
Pwllheli Sailing Club
The 2010 world champs were in ;
Takapuna , Auckland on 2–8 January .
Takapuna Boating Club
Events
World Championship
References
www.scia.me
www.splashworlds.org
www.splashboats.com
https : //www.rya.org.uk/racing/technical/handicap-systems/portsmouth-yardstick
External links
splashworldwide.org
splashworlds.org
scia.me
splashboats.com
Classes of World Sailing
Dinghies
1990s sailboat type designs
Ironclad is a horizontally scrolling shooter developed by Saurus for the Neo Geo CD video game console .
Gameplay
Development and release
Ironclad was never officially released in North America , but if the game is put on a North American system , the game will be playable in English and display the `` Ironclad '' title screen . It was re-released by D4 Enterprise for Wii via the Virtual Console in Japan on November 24 , 2009 , in PAL regions on March 12 , 2010 , and in North America on April 5 , 2010 . A port for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux and asm.js developed by DotEmu was released by SNK Playmore as part of the Humble NEOGEO 25th Anniversary Bundle on December 15 , 2015 . The game was later released on GOG.com on October 5 , 2017 .
Reception
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Ironclad at GameFAQs
Ironclad at Giant Bomb
Ironclad at Killer List of Videogames
Ironclad at MobyGames
1996 video games
Cancelled arcade video games
Cooperative video games
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Multiplayer and single-player video games
D4 Enterprise games
Neo Geo games
Neo Geo CD games
Saurus games
Shoot 'em ups
SNK games
SNK Playmore games
Virtual Console games
Video games developed in Japan
The San Juan Spruce is a Sitka spruce ( Picea sitchensis ) tree located in the San Juan Valley of Vancouver Island. , British Columbia , Canada . Until July 2016 it was the second largest known Sitka spruce tree by volume , surpassed only by the Queets Spruce in Washington , United States .
History
The tree flourished due to its location on the shaded southern slopes of the San Juan Valley and on the banks of the San Juan River .
In July 2016 , the San Juan Spruce lost significant height and mass due to a lightning strike . It is no longer considered among the largest Sitka spruce trees but its large diameter is still remarkable .
Dimensions
These measurements were taken some time before 2010 , at least six years prior to the tree 's partial collapse .
See also
Port Renfrew - a nearby community
Red Creek Fir
List of individual trees
References
External links
Looking up into the canopy of the San Juan Spruce , October 2010
Partial collapse of the San Juan Spruce , July 2016
Individual trees in British Columbia
Juan de Fuca region
The 1984–85 NBA season was the 39th season of the National Basketball Association . The season ended with the Los Angeles Lakers winning the NBA Championship , beating the Boston Celtics 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals .
Notable occurrences
The 1985 NBA All-Star Game was played at Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis , with the West defeating the East 140–129 . Ralph Sampson of the Houston Rockets won the game 's MVP award . Dominique Wilkins of the Atlanta Hawks won the Slam Dunk Contest .
Michael Jordan became the only rookie in NBA history to lead a team in four statistics ( points , assists , rebounds , steals ) .
The Clippers relocated from San Diego to Los Angeles . This created a situation with two teams of the same host name ( the other Los Angeles team being the Lakers ) in the same division , the Pacific , similar to the one in the NHL where the Patrick Division ( at the time , and now the Metropolitan Division ) had two teams of the same host name : the New York Islanders and Rangers . There was a similar scenario which only existed in the 1976–77 season , in which the Atlantic Division had the New York Knicks and the Nets , until the Nets moved to New Jersey the following season and changed their name .
Turner Broadcasting began a relationship with the NBA that continues today when TBS signed a two-year , $ 20 million deal with the NBA .
The Kings played their final game in Kansas City , Missouri , and moved their franchise to Sacramento the following season .
Knicks forward Bernard King , who finished the year as the scoring champion , ruptured his ACL in his right knee in the Knick 's final game in Kansas City before the Kings ' move to Sacramento . King was out of action for two whole seasons . He would come back in 1987–88 , but would not return to the All-Star Game until 1990–91 .
This season marked Michael Jordan 's , Akeem Olajuwon 's , Charles Barkley 's and John Stockton 's rookie seasons in the NBA .
Due to a roof collapse at the Pontiac Silverdome , the Pistons were forced to rent the Joe Louis Arena , home of the NHL 's Detroit Red Wings , for the remainder of the season and into the playoffs . Both the Pistons and the Red Wings would move their home games to the Little Caesars Arena , starting in 2017 .
At age 38 , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar became the oldest player to win the honor of Finals MVP . Jabbar 's team , the Lakers , became the first visiting team to win the NBA title at Boston Garden , beating their archrivals , the Boston Celtics , in six games .
The Finals adopted the 2–3–2 format which was used through the 2013 NBA Finals after which the league returned to the 2–2–1–1–1 format .
The Cleveland Cavaliers returned to the playoffs after a seven-year absence . They were eliminated by the Celtics in four games . They would not make the playoffs again until 1988 . The Cavaliers were coached by George Karl , then making his NBA coaching debut .
At New Orleans ' Lakefront Arena ( where the Atlanta Hawks played 12 of 41 home games that season ) , Larry Bird scored a Celtics ' franchise record 60 points in Boston 's 126–115 victory over the Hawks on March 12 . Bird broke the previous franchise record set by teammate Kevin McHale ( 56 ) nine days earlier at Boston Garden against the Pistons .
The Denver Nuggets made the Conference Finals for the first time since 1978 , losing 4–1 to the Lakers . They would not make the Conference Finals again until 2009 , which they lost to the Lakers again . The series marked the end of Dan Issel 's playing career , having played 15 professional seasons and averaging 22.6 points and 9.1 rebounds in his career .
This was the last season of the backboard height set at . It would be shortened next season to the current . The NBA logo is added on the lower left hand corner of the backboard starting this season .
Final standings
By division
By conference
Notes
z – Clinched home court advantage for the entire playoffs
c – Clinched home court advantage for the conference playoffs
y – Clinched division title
x – Clinched playoff spot
Playoffs
Teams in bold advanced to the next round . The numbers to the left of each team indicate the team 's seeding in its conference , and the numbers to the right indicate the number of games the team won in that round . The division champions are marked by an asterisk . Home court advantage does not necessarily belong to the higher-seeded team , but instead the team with the better regular season record ; teams enjoying the home advantage are shown in italics .
Statistics leaders
NBA awards
Yearly awards
Most Valuable Player : Larry Bird , Boston Celtics
Rookie of the Year : Michael Jordan , Chicago Bulls
Defensive Player of the Year : Mark Eaton , Utah Jazz
Sixth Man of the Year : Kevin McHale , Boston Celtics
Coach of the Year : Don Nelson , Milwaukee Bucks
All-NBA First Team :
F – Larry Bird , Boston Celtics
F – Bernard King , New York Knicks
C – Moses Malone , Philadelphia 76ers
G – Isiah Thomas , Detroit Pistons
G – Magic Johnson , Los Angeles Lakers
All-NBA Second Team :
F – Terry Cummings , Milwaukee Bucks
F – Ralph Sampson , Houston Rockets
C – Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Los Angeles Lakers
G – Michael Jordan , Chicago Bulls
G – Sidney Moncrief , Milwaukee Bucks
All-NBA Rookie Team :
Charles Barkley ( F ) , Philadelphia 76ers
Sam Perkins ( F ) , Dallas Mavericks
Akeem Olajuwon ( C ) , Houston Rockets
Sam Bowie ( C ) , Portland Trail Blazers
Michael Jordan ( G ) , Chicago Bulls
NBA All-Defensive First Team :
Sidney Moncrief , Milwaukee Bucks
Paul Pressey , Milwaukee Bucks
Mark Eaton , Utah Jazz
Michael Cooper , Los Angeles Lakers
Maurice Cheeks , Philadelphia 76ers
NBA All-Defensive Second Team :
Bobby Jones , Philadelphia 76ers
Danny Vranes , Seattle SuperSonics
Akeem Olajuwon , Houston Rockets
Dennis Johnson , Boston Celtics
T. R. Dunn , Denver Nuggets
Note : All above information was obtained on the History section on NBA.com
Player of the week
The following players were named NBA Player of the Week .
Player of the month
The following players were named NBA Player of the Month .
Rookie of the month
The following players were named NBA Rookie of the Month .
Coach of the month
The following coaches were named NBA Coach of the Month .
References
mpowerplayer was a technology-startup company based in Reston , Virginia , just outside Washington , D.C . The company offers a solution for the video game industry ( game publishers and mobile operators ) to enable their customers to browse and demo mobile games on their web browser before buying them . Customers include Sprint-Nextel , EA Mobile and Sega Mobile .
Technically mpowerplayer 's platform is a Java ME emulator for devices capable of running Java SE . In May 2008 , the company was awarded with the Duke 's Choice Award in the mobile gaming category from Sun Microsystems .
Funding
Following its launch from tech incubator LaunchBox Digital , on 11 September 2008 it was announced that mpowerplayer had raised $ 2.5 million in its first round of funding . Funding comes from New Atlantic Ventures , the Center for Innovative Technology GAP Fund and LaunchBox Digital . The company plans to use the funding to expand their presence and their widget-based mobile game catalog on more social networking sites .
References
External links
mpowerplayer site
Java device platform
Mobile game companies
Mobile software
Software distribution platforms
Legendary is the seventh studio album by American rapper Tyga , released on June 7 , 2019 , by Last Kings Records and Empire Distribution . It follows the release of his sixth album Kyoto ( 2018 ) . It includes the singles `` Taste '' featuring Offset , `` Goddamn '' ( featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie on the album version ) , and `` Haute '' featuring Chris Brown and J Balvin . A deluxe version of the album was released on August 23 , 2019 . It features four previously released singles : `` Dip '' with Nicki Minaj , `` Girls Have Fun '' featuring G-Eazy and Rich the Kid , `` Swish '' and `` Floss in the Bank '' , as well as four new songs .
Critical reception
HipHopDX gave a mixed-to-negative response towards the album , saying that `` If Tyga 's goal is to be as Legendary as the title of his latest album suggests , he needs to do better . After all , he certainly knows better '' .
Commercial performance
On the day of the release , Legendary was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) due to a technicality which incorporates the track-equivalent units moved by the previously released single `` Taste '' .
Legendary debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 with 24,000 album-equivalent units , of which 3,000 were pure album sales . The album marks his highest-charting project since 2015 's Fan of a Fan : The Album collaboration with Chris Brown .
Track listing
Credits adapted from Apple Music , Tidal and BMI .
Notes
signifies an uncredited co-producer
`` Swish '' is stylized in all caps
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal .
Production
Mustard – production , co-production
Official – production , co-production
Boi-1da – production
Dupri – production
Bham – production
Dr. Luke – production
D. A. Doman – production
Extendo Beatz – production
Murda Beatz – production
Kaelin Capron – co-production
TT Audi – co-production
Sool Hot Hits – co-production
Technical
Christian `` CQ '' Quinonez – engineering
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 albums
Tyga albums
Empire Distribution albums
West Coast hip hop albums
Albums produced by Boi-1da
Albums produced by DJ Mustard
Albums produced by Murda Beatz
Studio Maestro is a ballet school in New York City founded in 1995 by Rose Caiola . A portion of its students have graduated into ballet companies including American Ballet Theatre , New York City Ballet , Washington Ballet , National Ballet of Croatia , Pennsylvania Ballet , National Ballet of Canada , San Francisco Ballet , Ballet de Espana .
The school program is taught in eight levels , each of which has a specific set of skills that the student must master in order to advance to the next level . The school also has a four-week summer program held in August of every year .
The school 's facility at the Manhattan Movement and Arts Center at West 60th Street , New York , opened with a ribbon-cutting evening on June 26 , 2008 .
Faculty include Deborah Wingert , and Marina Stavitskaya . Guest faculty for the 2008–2009 year are Jared Angle ( New York City Ballet ) , Natalia Boesch ( American Ballet Theatre ) , Sébastien Marcovici ( New York City Ballet ) , Janie Taylor ( New York City Ballet ) , Daniel Ulbricht ( New York City Ballet ) , Roman Zhurbin ( American Ballet Theatre ) , Karin Averty ( Paris Opera Ballet ) , and Flavio Salazar ( American Ballet Theatre ) . In addition to the enrolled students , dancers from the School of American Ballet and the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School are permitted to audit classes at Studio Maestro . The annual Spring Gala Performance for 2008 included excerpts of classics by George Balanchine , Marius Petipa , Martha Graham , Bryan Arias-Diaz , and Tom Baird .
External links
Education in New York ( state )
Culture of New York City
Dance schools in the United States
Dance in New York City
1995 establishments in New York City
Educational institutions established in 1995
Paula Wolfert ( b . 1938 ) is an American author of nine books on cooking and the winner of numerous cookbook awards including what is arguably the top honor given in the food world : The James Beard Foundation Medal For Lifetime Achievement . A specialist in Mediterranean food , she has written extensively on Moroccan cuisine including two books , one of them ( The Food of Morocco ) a 2012 James Beard Award winner . She also wrote The Cooking of South-West France , and books about the cuisine of the Eastern Mediterranean , slow Mediterranean cooking and Mediterranean clay pot cooking .
Background
Paula was born April 7 , 1938 , in Brooklyn , New York , daughter of Sam and Frieda Harris . She attended Columbia University in New York between 1956 and 1959 , earning a degree in English . During that time , she received as a gift from her mother a series of six lessons with Dione Lucas , a renowned English chef who ran a cooking school in New York . `` I loved it , '' Paula later reported . `` I loved it better than school . I grew up on cottage cheese and melon , and my mother was on a diet her whole life . She had no interest in food . ''
Ms. Wolfert has traveled extensively in the Mediterranean , most notably in France , Turkey , and Morocco .
She is the mother of two children , Nicholas Wolfert and Leila Wolfert . She is married to crime fiction writer William Bayer . They currently live in the Hudson Valley , NY .
Alzheimer 's activist
In late 2013 , Paula announced that she had been diagnosed with MCI ( Mild Cognitive Impairment ) , an early stage of Alzheimer 's disease . She told The Washington Post that she had stopped teaching and culinary writing in order to devote herself completely to Alzheimer 's activism : speaking out about the disease , urging people who suspect that they may have it to get tested , and asserting her belief that `` denial is not a viable option . ''
Also in 2013 she was featured in a segment on the PBS NewsHour in which she spoke about her role as an Alzheimer 's activist .
Biography
A biography , Unforgettable , The Bold Flavors of Paula Wolfert 's Renegade Life by Emily Kaiser Thelin , was published in early April 2017 . This publication received considerable comment in The New York Times , The Washington Post , the San Francisco Chronicle , and other publications .
Critical commentary
In a review of Wolfert 's Mediterranean Grains and Greens , Nicholas Lemann wrote in Slate : `` The dream of every artist is to be a genius who is also wildly popular , but the way it usually works out is that there is an inexact fit between giftedness and broad appeal . Every one of the arts has a spectrum of esteem with the rich and unrespected at one end , the difficult and audience-less at the other , and most people somewhere in between . This is no less true in cookbook writing than it is in literature or painting or music . In the foodie world , the William Gaddis , the Ad Reinhardt , the John Cage , the inaccessible deity , is Paula Wolfert . A cynic might take Wolfert , and Wolfert fans like me , for reverse snobs , down-homing to mask the fundamental one-upmanship . But this would be vile calumny . Wolfert is merely a perfectionist and a visionary , and such people should be our heroes . ''
Of her book The Cooking of Southwest France , Alice Waters wrote : `` A true culinary zealot , Paula Wolfert champions forgotten dishes , uncovers regional cooking in surprising places , and reminds us of our resources and roots . In writing about the earthy food of France 's Southwest , she teaches us how to cook foods that are traditional , slow and sustainable . '' Of the same book , French Laundry chef Thomas Keller wrote : `` Americans have only recently come to know what the people of Southwest France have known for generations -- that the key to great cooking is in its simplicity and depth of flavor . In this book , Paula has taught us to fully enjoy each bite , to share our joy through the food we cook and serve . ''
Jeffrey Steingarten , food critic for Vogue , wrote : `` Paula is part anthropologist , part amateur scholar . She works in a way that 's both sensual and scholarly . She is n't content until she knows not only how your olives were made , but also where you got them , what you did with them , what else you did with them , and whether your friends are doing the same thing . And then she 'll call your friends , too . ''
Russ Parsons , food editor of The Los Angeles Times wrote : `` Wolfert is the queen of Mediterranean cookery . ''
Molly O'Neill wrote in The New York Times : `` When Paula Wolfert discovers a place and its palate , America usually follows . '' Jean Anderson wrote in Food & Wine : `` Wolfert is blessed with a passion for food , an unerring eye and palate and an enviable ability to transport her reader to the ends of the earth . ''
Awards
May , 2018 , Paula received the James Beard Foundation Award for Lifetime Achievement .
The 2013 IACP ( International Association of Cooking Professionals ) Culinary Classics Book Award and the 2008 James Beard Foundation Cookbook Hall Of Fame Award for her first book Couscous and Other Good Food from Morocco .
The 1983 French 's Tastemaker Award for her The Cooking of South-West France . This book was also a finalist for the British Andre Simon Award .
The 1988 Cook 's Magazine Platinum Award for Best American Cookbook for her Paula Wolfert 's World of Food .
The 1994 IACP Julia Child Award for Best International Cookbook and the 1994 James Beard Award for Best International Cookbook for her The Cooking of the Eastern Mediterranean .
The 1996 M. F. K. Fisher Award for her Saveur Magazine article `` Return To Morocco . ''
The 1999 James Beard Award for Best International Cookbook and the 1999 Food & Wine `` Best of the Best '' Cookbook Award for her Mediterranean Grains and Greens .
The 1998 Salon International Livre du Gourmand Award for Lifetime Achievement .
The 2004 IACP Julia Child Award for Best International Cookbook for The Slow Mediterranean Kitchen : Recipes of a Passionate Cook .
The 2012 James Beard Award for Best International Cookbook for The Food of Morocco . This book was also a finalist for the British Andre Simon Award .
Bibliography
Couscous and Other Good Food from Morocco , Harper & Row 1973 ,
Mediterranean Cooking , Quadrangle/The New York Times 1977 , revised HarperPerennial 1994 ,
The Cooking Of South-West France , Dial Press 1983 , revised Wiley 2005 ,
Paula Wolfert 's World of Food , Harper & Row 1988 ,
The Cooking of the Eastern Mediterranean , HarperCollins 1994 ,
Mediterranean Grains and Greens , HarperCollins 1998 ,
The Slow Mediterranean Kitchen , Wiley 2003 ,
Mediterranean Clay Pot Cooking , Wiley 2009 ,
The Food of Morocco , Ecco 2011 ,
References
External links
Paula Wolfert 's website
Living people
American food writers
1938 births
Writers from Brooklyn
Women food writers
Women cookbook writers
Erasmus Hall High School alumni
James Beard Foundation Award winners
International Association of Culinary Professionals award winners
Yagya Dutt Sharma , alt . written Yagya Dutta Sharma , Yagyadutta Sharma , Yagyadutt sharma , Yagya Datta Sharma , Yagyadatta sharma , Yagya Datt Sharma , Yagyadatt Sharma , etc , may refer to ;
Yagyadutt Sharma ( novelist )
Yagya Datt Sharma ( Madhya Pradesh politician )
Yagya Dutt Sharma ( Punjab politician )
Yagya Datt Sharma ( Uttar Pradesh politician )
Y. D. Sharma ( professor )
Yagya Dutt Sharma ( trade unionist )
Bitconnect ( also spelled BitConnect , and KimConnect and stylized bitconnect , ticker code BCC ) was an open-source cryptocurrency that was connected with a high-yield investment program , a type of Ponzi scheme . After the platform administrators closed the earning platform on January 16 , 2018 , and refunded the users ' investments in BCC following a 92 % coin value crash , confidence was lost and the value of the coin plummeted to below $ 1 from a previous high of nearly $ 525 .
History
Bitconnect was released in 2016 with the goal of allowing users to lend the value of Bitconnect Coin in return for interest payments . The marquee program was the so-called lending platform where users traded Bitcoin for Bitconnect Coin and could lock in the instantaneous value of the coin for a set period of time while earning interest calculated daily . The interest payouts were determined by a so-called `` trading bot '' . The trading bot was the most controversial piece of the Bitconnect.co system . The liquidity of the BCC cryptocurrency funded users ' ability to exchange their earnings for Bitcoin .
On November 7 , 2017 , the government of the United Kingdom issued Bitconnect a notice with two months to prove its legitimacy .
On January 3 , 2018 , Texas State Securities Board issued a cease and desist to the company , calling it a Ponzi scheme , and citing failings in user earnings transparency , and misleading statements . Texas State Security Board and North Carolina Secretary of State Securities Division warned that Bitconnect was not registered to sell securities in their respective states .
On January 17 , 2018 , Bitconnect shut down , and BCC prices crashed by 92 % immediately after . Bitconnect announced it would refund its loans . However , the Bitconnect X website remained open and operational , having just begun its ICO and allowing users to purchase BCCX coins with their BCC coins .
On January 31 , 2018 , a temporary restraining order froze Bitconnect 's assets , expiring on February 13 . However , Bitconnect as an entity never actually existed , so it is unclear what assets Bitconnect has ( or ever had ) . An alleged India-region leader ( one level below founder ) of Bitconnect , Divyesh Darji , was arrested in Delhi , India , on August 18 , 2018 . It is suspected that Darji is connected to well-known criminal entities involved in laundering so-called `` Black Money '' after the Indian government 's demonetization of the rupee . In 2019 , Darji was arrested and released on bail in connection with a similar scam called Regal Coin .
Criticism and collapse
Bitconnect was suspected of being a Ponzi scheme because of its multilevel marketing structure and impossibly high payouts ( 1 % daily compounded interest ) . Bitconnect interest fluctuated greatly with the volatility of Bitcoin , which its value was tied to .
The Bitconnect Coin was among the world 's top 20 most successful cryptocurrency tokens until its price collapsed after traders began losing confidence . BCC rose from a post ICO price of $ 0.17 to an all-time high of US $ 463 in December 2017 ; it declined to US $ 0.40 as of March 11 , 2019 . Bitconnect released outstanding loans at a rate of US $ 363.62 to the Bitconnect Wallet in form of BCC . However , soon after that news the internal exchange price and liquidity collapsed resulting in a nearly complete loss of value .
Legal issues
On January 16 , 2018 , Bitconnect announced it would shut down its cryptocurrency exchange and lending operation after regulators from Texas and North Carolina issued a cease and desist order against it . On January 31 , 2018 , a U.S. District Court , Western District of Kentucky , granted a temporary restraining order freezing Bitconnect 's assets and `` to disclose cryptocurrency wallet and trading account addresses , as well as the identities of anyone to whom Bitconnect has sent digital currencies within the last 90 days '' .
In September 2021 , the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission sued Bitconnect , alongside its founder Indian Satish Kumbhani , American Glenn Arcaro who served as Bitconnect 's lead national promoter in the United States from August 2017 to January 2018 , and Future Money LTD , a company Arcaro created to lure into Bitconnect 's lending program . The SEC alleged that Bitconnect defrauded U.S. investors a total of $ 2 billion .
Parallel to SEC civil charges , the United States Department of Justice had initiated criminal charges against Arcaro . On September 1 , 2021 , Arcaro pleaded guilty of criminal charges pressed by DOJ which includes conspiracy to commit wire fraud and criminal forfeiture . The DOJ also indicted Kumbhani on various federal charges in February 2022 , including money laundering and fraud .
Internet meme
On October 28 , 2017 , Bitconnect held its first ( and only ) annual ceremony in Pattaya , Thailand . During the event , an investor named Carlos Matos from New York City gave an exuberant presentation and testimonial about the website , which included him intensely screaming `` Bitconnect '' several times ; the scene quickly became an Internet meme . Both Matos ' meme and the questionable practices of Bitconnect were profiled by John Oliver and Keegan-Michael Key on the program Last Week Tonight and reacted to by h3h3productions .
See also
List of cryptocurrencies
OneCoin
PlusToken
USI Tech
References
External links
( last archived version , 28 November 2018 )
Blockchains
Cryptocurrency projects
Internet memes introduced in 2018
Crypto Ponzi schemes
Cryptocurrency scams
Cybercrime in India
Fraud in India
Carrie Akre ( born September 24 , 1966 ) is an American musician best known for her work with Seattle underground bands Hammerbox and Goodness .
Since Goodness disbanded in 1998 , she has contributed vocals to the project band The Rockfords ( which included Pearl Jam 's Mike McCready on guitar ) and released three solo albums . She releases albums on her own label , My Way Records .
Solo discography
References
1966 births
Living people
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
University of Naples `` L'Orientale '' ( ) is a university located in Naples , Italy . Founded in 1732 by Matteo Ripa , it is organized in four Faculties . The oldest school of Sinology and Oriental Studies of the European continent is the main university in Italy specializing in the study of non-European languages and cultures , with research and studies agreements with universities all over the world . It is one of the most prestigious universities in the world regarding Asian cultures and languages .
History
The Università degli Studi di Napoli `` L'Orientale '' is the oldest school of Sinology and Oriental Studies of the European continent .
Foundation
The name `` L'Orientale '' is an indication of the origins of the university . In the mid-17th century , the Manchus established the Qing Empire in China and started a remarkable period of openness towards the west . This included welcoming Christian missionaries and priests .
One such person was the missionary Matteo Ripa of the Propaganda Fide from the Kingdom of Naples , who worked as a painter and copper engraver at the imperial court of the Kangxi Emperor between 1711 and 1723 . He returned to Naples from China with four young Chinese Christians , all teachers of their native language ; they formed the nucleus of what would become the `` Chinese Institute '' of Naples , sanctioned by Pope Clement XII in 1732 to teach Chinese to missionaries and thus advance the propagation of Christianity in China .
The school buildings comprised the Complesso dei Cinesi located at the boundary of Capodimonte and the Rione Sanità . What was formerly a private palace had been converted into a monastery and a church dedicated to Saint Frances of Rome . Under Matteo Ripa , the complex became a seminary for missionaries to China .
The school also would educate experts for the Ostend Company in Indian and Chinese languages .
Transformations since the 19th-century
After the unification of Italy in 1861 , the institution was transformed into the `` Royal Asian College '' ( Real collegio asiatico ) and other languages such as Russian , Hindustani , and Persian were added to the curriculum . The original buildings also were used as a school for orphans in 1897 , and in 1910 into the Elena d'Aosta hospital .
The institution then became a secular school for the study of eastern languages in general , and then , over the course of decades , African languages and , indeed , all modern European languages . Today more than 50 languages are taught .
Architecture and decoration
The main entrance to the institute has a frescoed coat of arms of the institute with a half bust of Matteo Ripa sculpted by Leonardo Di Candia .
The domed church of the Holy Family of the Chinese ( Sacra Famiglia dei Cinesi ) was built in 1732 , and refurbished in 1814 . The single nave leads to a main altar with marble cherubs sculpted by Angelo Viva . The main altarpiece depicting a Holy Family adored by two of the first Chinese Seminarians ( 1769 ) was painted by Antonio Sarnelli . Other paintings were by followers or pupils of Francesco De Mura , including his brother Gennaro . Four saints carved in wood were designed by Francesco Solimena . The Madonna della Misericordia was painted by Stanislao Lista . The sacristy has sculptures by Giuseppe Sammartino .
Institutions
in 1932 l'Orientale moved into its current headquarters , Palazzo Giusso . However , like most universities in Italy , the IUO lacks a single main campus and is distributed over the city at a number of different sites . The teaching facilities of L'Orientale include Palazzo Giusso in the historic center of Naples , the large converted monastery of Santa Maria Porta Coeli near the Naples Cathedral , and the new Palazzo Mediterraneo on via Marina . Palazzo Mediterraneo now houses CILA , an acronym for Centro Interdipartimentale dei servizi Linguistici ed Audiovisivi : the language lab , an award-winning facility that has satellite TV for international programming , an impressive recording studio , and computers with instant access to the Internet .
There are four faculties :
Foreign Languages and Literature
Arabic-Islamic and Mediterranean Studies
Letters and Philosophy
Political Sciences .
These are further subdivided into nine areas :
Asian Studies
Classic world and Ancient Mediterranean
African and Arabic countries
Oriental Europe
Social Sciences
Philosophy and Politics
Comparative Studies
American cultural and linguistic studies
European literature and linguistic studies .
Main Library is Maurizio Taddei , Palazzo Corigliano , with over 60.000 ancient volumes .
See also
List of Italian universities
Notes
External links
Università degli studi di Napoli `` L'Orientale '' website
Università di Napoli `` L'Orientale '' official website
L'Orientale Web Magazine
OPAR - L'Orientale Open Archive
Educational institutions established in 1732
Asian studies
1732 establishments in the Kingdom of Naples
1732 establishments in Italy
Richard Fitch Cleveland ( September 21 , 1929 – July 27 , 2002 ) was an American competition swimmer , three-time Pan American Games champion , and former world record-holder in the 100 meters and 100 yard events .
Cleveland enrolled at Ohio State University , where he swam for the Ohio State Buckeyes swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition .
At the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires , Argentina , he won gold medals in the men 's 3×100-meter medley relay , 4×200-meter freestyle relay , and 100-meter freestyle . At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland , he competed in the 100-meter freestyle but failed to reach the final . He retired from competitions in 1955 .
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
List of Ohio State University people
World record progression 100 metres freestyle
References
1929 births
2002 deaths
American male freestyle swimmers
World record setters in swimming
Ohio State Buckeyes men 's swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the United States
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Swimmers from Honolulu
Swimmers at the 1951 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
Levana Kirschenbaum is an American restaurateur , caterer , cooking teacher and food writer . She is almost always referred to solely by her given name , Levana .
Childhood , education and personal life
Levana was born and reared in Morocco . She studied in France , and immigrated to the United States in 1972 . She is married to Maurice Kirschenbaum , they have three children .
Career
Levana has taught kosher cooking classes , written cookbooks , and run a catering service and a bakery , but is probably best known as one of the partners in Levana 's Restaurant .
Levana opened a kosher bakery on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in 1976 .
Restaurant
Levana 's was a fine dining restaurant in Manhattan , now defunct after more than thirty years in business .
Levana 's was credited with `` pioneering '' the category of fine dining for a kosher observant clientele .
The restaurant , located in Manhattan 's Lincoln Square neighborhood , opened in the 1970s and was owned and operated by the Kirschenbaum family , including its namesake , Levana Kirschenbaum , her husband Maurice , his brother Sol , and a third brother . The manager was Sol Kirschenbaum .
Cookbooks
Levana Cooks
Lévana 's Table : Kosher Cooking for Everyone ( Stewart , Tabori & Chang , 2002 )
Lévana Cooks DairyFree !
The Whole Foods Kosher Kitchen : Glorious Meals Pure and Simple
References
Chefs from New York ( state )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Moroccan emigrants to the United States
American cookbook writers
Merle Grace Kearns ( May 19 , 1938 – August 9 , 2014 ) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 72nd House district and serving as Majority Leader in the 126th General Assembly . Prior to her stint in the Ohio House , Kearns was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1991 to 2000 , representing the 10th Senate District . Born in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , Kearns received her bachelor 's degree in home economics from Ohio State University . Kearns also served as Clark County , Ohio commissioner and lived in Springfield , Ohio . She died in Columbus , Ohio .
References
External links
Profile on the Ohio Ladies Gallery website
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
2014 deaths
Ohio Republicans
Ohio state senators
County commissioners in Ohio
Women state legislators in Ohio
1938 births
People from Bellefonte , Pennsylvania
Politicians from Springfield , Ohio
Ohio State University alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
`` Dear Old Southland '' is a 1921 jazz standard . It was composed by Turner Layton , with lyrics by Henry Creamer . It uses basically the same melody as the song Deep River . Popular recordings in 1922 were by Paul Whiteman and by Vernon Dalhart .
Other recordings
Louis Armstrong recorded the song on April 5 , 1930 for Okeh Records ( catalog No . 41454 ) . Armstrong recorded the song again in 1956 for the album Satchmo : A Musical Autobiography .
Duke Ellington and His Orchestra – December 4 , 1933 for Victor Records ( catalog No . 24501 ) .
Benny Goodman and His Orchestra – June 25 , 1935 for Victor Records ( catalog No . 25136 ) .
Paul Robeson – September 26 , 1939 for Victor Records ( catalog No . 26741 ) .
Sidney Bechet 's Blue Note Quartet – March 27 , 1940 for the Blue Note label ( catalog No . 13 ) .
Al Hirt released a version on his 1963 album , Our Man in New Orleans .
Allen Toussaint released his own arrangement of Dear Old Southland ( credited under Raymond Bloch ) , as a duet between a dominant piano part and a lamenting trumpet part ( played by Nickholas Payton ) , on his jazz album of 2009 `` The Bright Mississippi .
Lyrics
Below are the lyrics of the 1921 version , which is out of copyright .
Chorus
Dear old Southland ,
I hear you calling me .
And I long how I long to roam ,
Back to my old Kentucky home .
Verse 1
Dear old Southland ,
For you my heart is yearning ,
And I long just to see once more ,
The land I love the Swanee shore .
Verse 2
I want to stray the town I was born , my home town , my little home town .
I want to play in the cotton and corn , to feel it , I used to steal it .
I want to hear dear old mother each morn .
Saying 'go long ' , 'go long ' , 'go long , 'go long to school
I want to be where the levee is near the water , I love the water .
I want to see Mammy Jinny so dear , I love her , Because I oughta .
I want to hear pick a ninny in tune ,
Singing 'go long ' , 'go long ' , 'go long ' , 'go long yo ' mule !
See also
List of jazz standards
References
1921 songs
1920s jazz standards
Songs with lyrics by Henry Creamer
Songs written by Turner Layton
The Embassy Theatre is a performance theater located in the downtown mall of Cumberland , Maryland at 49 Baltimore St . The theater mounts live performances of classic theatre fare such as Kurt Weill 's Threepenny Opera and Kander and Ebb 's Cabaret , as well as lesser-known work such as `` The Mystery of Irma Vep '' and `` The Lady In Question , '' original works and local historical plays . Other entertainment presented at the theatre includes movies and musical concerts . Originally opened as a movie theater in 1931 , it then became a curtain and drapery store , and finally was remodeled to a live performance theater and allied arts venue . Until December 2014 , the theatre was operated as the New Embassy Theatre . Recently remodeled , it now operates as the Embassy Theatre .
The Embassy was designed by architects Hodgens and Hills in the Art Deco style . The building features prominent fluted pilasters , topped with finials illuminated with neon . The theater is a major contributing feature of the Downtown Cumberland Historic District .
References
External links
official website : https : //embassytheatrecorp.org/
Facebook page : https : //www.facebook.com/embassytheatrecumberland/
Downtown Cumberland , Maryland
Theatres in Maryland
Culture of Cumberland , MD-WV-PA
Buildings and structures in Cumberland , Maryland
Theatre companies in Maryland
Tourist attractions in Allegany County , Maryland
1931 establishments in Maryland
Art Deco architecture in Maryland
Machrie Mhor is a villa on Victoria Road in Lenzie , East Dunbartonshire , Scotland . Built around 1920 , the villa was once home to the Scottish tenor Kenneth McKellar ( 1927–2010 ) .
The villa is built in the `` Queen Anne Revival-style . '' The exterior is harled , with ashlar quoins and dressings . The double-fronted south facade has a Doric portico . Post 1997 , the house has been extended to a total floor area of over . It has been a category C listed building since 17 August 1977 .
References
External links
Photo of Machrie Mohr nameplate and gates on flickr
Category C listed buildings in East Dunbartonshire
Listed houses in Scotland
Lenzie
Zygaena exulans , the mountain burnet or Scotch burnet , is a moth of the family Zygaenidae .
Subspecies
Subspecies include :
Zygaena exulans exulans ( European Alps )
Zygaena exulans abruzzina Burgeff , 1926
Zygaena exulans apfelbecki Rebel , 1910
Zygaena exulans pyrenaica Burgeff , 1926
Zygaena exulans subochracea White , 1872
Zygaena exulans vanadis Dalman , 1816
Distribution and habitat
This species exist in mountainous areas in southern Europe ( Alps , Pyrenees , Apennines , Balkans ) , at an elevation of above sea level . It is also present in Scotland , in Scandinavia and in northern Russia . These moths inhabit mountain lawns and northern moors .
Description
Zygaena exulans has a wingspan of . The body is densely haired . The forewings are black-gray in males , matt gray in the females , almost translucent and with a metallic sheen . They have four distinct red dots and a red basal elongated stain . The spot on the wing root is wedge-shaped , the others are oval or round . The hindwings are red with a gray outer edge and black fringes . The antennae are club-shaped .
These moths have an aposemantic coloration . In the event of an attack by predators such as birds and lizards they emit a liquid containing cyanide .
This species is rather similar to Zygaena lonicerae , Zygaena loti and Zygaena purpuralis .
The eggs are pale yellow , relatively large and oval . The caterpillars can reach a length of about . They are velvety black , with yellowish markings on each segment and short white hair . The pupa is brown-black and lies in a gray-white , thin cocoon .
Biology
Adults usually fly in sunshine from late May to September , depending on the location . Larvae feed on crowberry ( Empetrum nigrum ) in northern Europe . Elsewhere they are polyphagous , mainly feeding on Helianthemum nummularium , Anthyllis vulneraria , Dryas octopetala , Silene acaulis , Astragalus alpinus , Carex , Polygonum viviparum , Salix , Thymus , Vaccinium uliginosum , Chamorchis alpina , Betula nana , Viscaria alpina , Thalictrum alpinum , Cassiope tetragona , Bartsia alpina and Saxifraga aizoides . This species hibernates in the form of a larva .
Gallery
References
Zygaena
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1792
Herndon High School is a fully accredited four year public high school in Herndon , Virginia , United States . Herndon serves grades 9-12 and is a part of the Fairfax County Public Schools ( FCPS ) system . Herndon High School serves the town of Herndon and the northern part of the unincorporated community of Reston . Herndon 's mascot is the Fighting Hornet .
History
Herndon High School opened in 1911 on Locust Street .
In 1930 , seventy-one students enrolled , with classes such as economics , agriculture , and business education offered , with classes in industrial arts later offered . In 1942 , the school opened the first school cafeteria in Fairfax County . In the early 1950s , the building was expanded to support more students .
In 1961 , Herndon Intermediate School began within the Herndon High School building . In 1967 , the High School moved to its current Bennett Street location , leaving Herndon Intermediate School at Locust Street with 650 students and 39 teachers .
At the start of the 2018–2019 school year Herndon boasted a student enrollment of 2,242 students and approximately 250 staff members .
Demographics
In the 2018–2019 school year , Herndon High School 's student body was 32.43 % White , 43.22 % Hispanic , 12.62 % Asian , 7.49 % Black and 4.24 % Other .
Sports
In 2009 the school 's baseball field was named Alan McCullock Field for retiring baseball coach Alan McCullock , whose father has the same honor at Falls Church High School .
Notable alumni
Duncan Stroik ( 1980 ) , Architect and Academic .
Bill Butler ( 1965 ) , former MLB player ( Kansas City Royals , Cleveland Indians , Minnesota Twins )
Jon Carman ( 1994 ) , former professional football player for the Buffalo Bills . All-American for Georgia Tech
Ronnie Dove ( 1954 ) , pop music singer in the 1960s , had hits such as Right or Wrong
Angie Goff ( 1997 ) , television weekend news anchor for WRC-TV
Brandon Guyer ( 2004 ) , former Herndon High and professional baseball player . Played college baseball at UVA .
Don Handfield ( 1989 ) , filmmaker , producer and author
Scottie Reynolds ( 2006 ) , former point guard for Villanova University Wildcats , named a McDonald 's All-American , Reynolds was named the 2006-07 Big East Rookie of the Year
Mark Riddick ( 1994 ) , illustrator , musician
Dave Lavery ( 1977 ) , NASA Program Executive , FIRST Robotics Executive Advisory Board
Doug Kammerer ( 1993 ) , chief meteorologist for WRC-TV
PFT Commenter , former Herndon High football player and James Madison University Rugby player , co-host of the most popular sports podcast in the US , Pardon My Take , for Barstool Sports
References
External links
Herndon , Virginia
High schools in Fairfax County , Virginia
Educational institutions established in 1911
Public high schools in Virginia
1911 establishments in Virginia
The 2021 Yarra Valley Classic was a tournament on the 2021 WTA Tour , one of six events in the 2021 Melbourne Summer Series . It was played on outdoor hard courts in Melbourne , Australia . It was organised as a lead-up tournament to the 2021 Australian Open , and was held at the same venue , due to other tournaments in Australia being cancelled as a result from the COVID-19 pandemic . This tournament took place simultaneously with the 2021 Gippsland Trophy and the 2021 Grampians Trophy . Players who had originally intended to participate in this tournament or the Gippsland Trophy , but were forced to undergo strict quarantine measures upon arrival in Australia , were able to participate in the 2021 Grampians Trophy . The entry list of 2021 Australian Open was used to determine the entry list of this tournament ; with half the players ( selected randomly ) playing the Yarra Valley Classic , and the other half playing the 2021 Gippsland Trophy .
In the women 's singles final , Ashleigh Barty defeated Garbiñe Muguruza in straight sets , while Shuko Aoyama and Ena Shibahara won in women 's doubles .
Champions
Singles
Ashleigh Barty def . Garbiñe Muguruza 7–6 ( 7–3 ) , 6–4
Doubles
Shuko Aoyama / Ena Shibahara def . Anna Kalinskaya / Viktória Kužmová , 6–3 , 6–4
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 25 January 2021
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw :
Kimberly Birrell
Lizette Cabrera
Daria Gavrilova
Maddison Inglis
The following players received entry using a protected ranking into the Australian Open singles main draw , and hence this tournament as well :
Mona Barthel
Yaroslava Shvedova
Zhu Lin
Vera Zvonareva
The following players received entry from the Australian Open qualifying draw :
Clara Burel
Elisabetta Cocciaretto
Olga Danilović
Francesca Jones
Greet Minnen
Tsvetana Pironkova
Liudmila Samsonova
Mayar Sherif
The following players received entry into this tournament as they were potential lucky losers for the Australian Open singles main draw :
Ysaline Bonaventure
Ankita Raina
Kamilla Rakhimova
The following players received entry as an alternate :
Caroline Dolehide
Vera Lapko
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Kirsten Flipkens → replaced by Vera Lapko
Zhang Shuai → replaced by Caroline Dolehide
During the tournament
Serena Williams
Retirements
Camila Giorgi
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of 25 January 2021
Other entrants
The following pairs received a wildcard into the doubles main draw :
Lizette Cabrera / Maddison Inglis
Jaimee Fourlis / Charlotte Kempenaers-Pocz
Olivia Gadecki / Belinda Woolcock
The following pair received entry as alternates :
Leylah Annie Fernandez / Anastasia Potapova
Danka Kovinić / Jasmine Paolini
Aleksandra Krunić / Martina Trevisan
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Tímea Babos / Kristina Mladenovic → replaced by Leylah Annie Fernandez / Anastasia Potapova
Misaki Doi / Nao Hibino → replaced by Aleksandra Krunić / Martina Trevisan
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova / Anastasija Sevastova → replaced by Danka Kovinić / Jasmine Paolini
During the tournament
Marta Kostyuk / Aliaksandra Sasnovich
Retirements
Karolína Muchová / Markéta Vondroušová
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
See also
Other events in the 2021 Melbourne Summer Series :
2021 Phillip Island Trophy
2021 Grampians Trophy
2021 Great Ocean Road Open
2021 Murray River Open
2021 Gippsland Trophy
References
External links
2021
2021 WTA Tour
2021 in Australian tennis
Tennis tournaments in Australia
Tennis in Victoria ( Australia )
January 2021 sports events in Australia
February 2021 sports events in Australia
Through Solace is a Welsh Christian hardcore and Christian metal band , and they primarily play hardcore punk , metalcore , post-hardcore , and post-metal . They come from Wales , United Kingdom . The band started making music in 2005 , while they disbanded in 2010 , and their members were Rohan Bishop , Robert Milligan , Luke Nicholas , Kevin Williams , Kingsley Davis , and Sean Fletcher . Their first two releases , extended plays , Through Solace in 2006 , and , The Stand in 2008 , were independently released by the band . The band released , a studio album , The World on Standby , in 2009 with Strike First Records .
Background
Through Solace was a Christian hardcore and Christian metal band from Wales , United Kingdom . Their members were Rohan Bishop , Robert Milligan , Luke Nicholas , Kevin Williams , Kingsley Davis , and Sean Fletcher .
Music history
The band commenced as a musical entity in 2005 , with their first two releases , being independently released extended plays , Through Solace , in 2006 , and , The Stand , in 2008 . Their first studio album , The World on Standby , was released by Strike First Records , on 28 April 2008 .
Members
Last Known Line-up
Luke Nicholas - lead vocals
Rob Milligan - guitar , background vocals
Kevin Williams - guitar
Rohan Bishop - bass
Sean Fletcher - drums
Kingsley Davies – ?
Discography
Studio albums
The World on Standby ( April 28 , 2009 , Strike First )
References
External links
Official website
Welsh metalcore musical groups
British Christian rock groups
Musical groups established in 2005
Musical groups disestablished in 2010
Facedown Records artists
Strike First Records artists
The 1957-58 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 48 clubs divided in six pools of eight .
The top five of each pool and the best two sixths ( for a sum of 32 clubs ) were qualified to play a play-off phase .
The championship was won by Lourdes that defeated Mazamet in the final . Le FC lourdais won the title for the third consecutive time .
Context
The 1958 Five Nations Championship was won by Ireland , France finished 3rd ,
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won by SC Mazamet that beat Mont-de-Marsan par 3-0 .
Qualification round
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
`` Last 32 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
`` Last 16 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold '' ' the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Jean Prat conquest his sixth and last title of French Champion .
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1958 lnr.fr
1958
France 1958
Championship
Elena Rede , pseudonym of Elena Re Depaolini , ( born November 18 , 1967 ) is an Italian sculptor of contemporary art .
Artistic practice
Rede was trained in painting and sculpture in her childhood by her grandfather , a carpenter and sculptor , replicating the mannequins of her parents ' tailoring with occasional materials . After graduating from high school , she studied at the Brera Academy of Fine Arts .
She deepens her studies in sculpture , but it is the encounter with Igor Mitoraj that drives her to follow her artistic vocation .
She exhibited at Villa Pamphilj , Rome , at Stattbad , Berlin , at the Carrousel du Louvre Paris , ad Art Basel , Miami , at the Pavilion Expo Italy Milan , at the Sanat Fuari Istanbul , at the Grimaldi Forum ( Principality of Monaco ) , exhibits from ( 2011–2012 ) , to the Italian Pavilion of Torino , Sala Nervi , where the 54th Venice Biennale was held , an exhibition dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the unification of Italy by Vittorio Sgarbi , to Matalon Foundation , 2017 , Milan , Sanremo with the installation art of public works ‘ 'Re Nasci '' .
They are interested in her artistic production , Giovanni Faccenda , Vittorio Sgarbi , Philippe Daverio , Dario Fo .
Bibliography
`` Gli specchi dell'eternità '' , by Anthelios , Milan , 2011 .
`` Oltre le Muse '' , by Giovanni Faccenda , Bartolomeo Smaldone , by Giorgio Mondadori , Milan , 2015 , .
`` Catalog of Modern Art '' n.53 , by Giovanni Faccenda , `` The Italian Artist from the early twentieth century to today '' , by Giorgio Mondadori , Milan , 2017. .
`` Catalog of Modern Art '' n.54 , by Giovanni Faccenda , `` The Italian Artist from the early twentieth century to today '' , by Giorgio Mondadori , Milan , 2018. .
Catalog , `` Verso Itaca , miti , eroi e sublimi astrazioni '' , da Giorgio de Chirico a Elena Rede , by Giovanni Faccenda , by Ubi Maior , Alassio , 2019. .
Catalog , `` ELENAREDE '' , A un soffio dal cielo , a un palmo da terra , by Giovanni Faccenda , by Ubi Maior , Alassio , 2019. .
References
External links
Official website of Elena Rede Artist 's website
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian women artists
21st-century Italian sculptors
21st-century Italian women artists
Italian contemporary artists
Italian multimedia artists
Italian women painters
Pseudonymous artists
Postmodern artists
Fritz Jules Roethlisberger ( 1898–1974 ) was a social scientist , management theorist at the Harvard Business School .
Biography
Roethlisberger earned the BA in engineering from Columbia University in 1921 , the BS in engineering administration from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1922 , and the MA in philosophy from Harvard University in 1925 .
Roethlisberger held the following positions at Harvard Business School : Instructor of Industrial Research , 1927–1930 ; Assistant Professor of Industrial Research , 1930–1938 ; Associate Professor of Industrial Research , 1938–1946 .
In 1937 , Roethlisberger and William John Dickson published the first comprehensive findings of the Hawthorne experiments . He also authored Management and the Worker in 1939 . The book was voted the tenth most influential management book of the 20th century in a poll of the Fellows of the Academy of Management .
Publications
Books :
Roethlisberger , F.J. & Dickson , W.J . ( 1939 ) Management and the worker : an account of a research program conducted by the Western electric company , Hawthorne works , Chicago . Harvard University Press , Cambridge , MA .
Roethlisberger , Fritz Jules ( 1941 ) Management and Morale ..
Roethlisberger , F.J. ( 1968 ) Man in organization , Belknap Press of Harvard University Press , Cambridge , MA .
Roethlisberger , F.J. ( 1977 ) The elusive phenomena . An autobiographical account of my work in the field of organizational behavior at the Harvard Business School . Harvard Business School Pr , Cambridge , MA .
Articles , a selection :
Roethlisberger , Fritz J . `` The foreman : Master and victim of double talk . '' Harvard Business Review 23.3 ( 1945 ) : 283–298 .
References
External links
University of Western Ontario Libraries guide to works by and about Fritz Roethlisberger
Fritz Jules Roethlisberger papers at Baker Library Special Collections , Harvard Business School
Roethlisberger , Fritz J .
Roethlisberger , Fritz J .
Harvard Business School faculty
MIT Sloan School of Management alumni
American business theorists
Harvard University alumni
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
The Connetquot Central School District of Islip is a school district located in the Town of Islip of Suffolk County , New York on Long Island . The district serves the entirety of the communities of Bohemia , Oakdale , and Ronkonkoma , while it serves parts of Sayville and West Sayville . Most parts of Sayville and West Sayville are zoned to the neighboring Sayville School District . There is one preschool , seven elementary schools , two middle schools , and one senior high school .
Schools
Arthur E. Premm Learning Center ( Preschool ) – Oakdale
Edward J. Bosti Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Oakdale
Cherokee Street Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Ronkonkoma
Helen B. Duffield Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Ronkonkoma
Idle Hour Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Oakdale
John Pearl Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Bohemia
Edith L. Slocum Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Ronkonkoma
Sycamore Avenue Elementary School ( K–5 ) – Bohemia
Oakdale-Bohemia Middle School ( 6–8 ) – Oakdale
Ronkonkoma Middle School ( 6–8 ) – Ronkonkoma
Connetquot High School ( 9–12 ) – Bohemia
History
In 1960 , with continuing suburban growth , voters in the existing Oakdale-Bohemia and Ronkonkoma school districts voted to consolidate their two districts , which paved the way for construction of a high school .
In January 1962 , the entire district was shuttered for a week due to an outbreak of scarlet fever .
School Shooting Plot
In July 2007 , the school district received national attention when two teenagers who attended Connetquot High School were arrested for planning an attack on the school in the Connetquot High School Plot . The plans reportedly included a hit list of students and staff and how to ignite explosives . According to a local radio station website , students interviewed said that they were not surprised of the arrests because of the many bomb scares in the 2006–2007 school year .
References
External links
Connetquot Central School District Webpage
School districts in New York ( state )
Education in Suffolk County , New York
School districts established in 1963
Bocage 's sunbird ( Nectarinia bocagii ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is found in Angola and the DRC .
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Portuguese naturalist José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage .
References
Bocage 's sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Bocage 's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pimenta Palace ( Portuguese : Palácio Pimenta ) is an 18th-century Portuguese palace located in Lisbon , Portugal , which hosts the main campus of the Museum of Lisbon .
History
The palace was constructed by order of King John V of Portugal in the mid-18th century for his mistress Paula Teresa da Silva e Almeida , a nun of the Monastery of São Dinis in Odivelas , Portugal .
The Museum of Lisbon was installed in the palace on July 15 , 1909 , by approval of the Minister of Finances , Tomás António da Guarda Cabreira . Initially installed in City Hall , the museum passed through the Carmo Convent , Mitra Palace , and Galveias Palace until its complete installation in Pimenta Palace in 1979 .
Sources
Museum of Lisbon ( In English )
Áreas de Actividade ( In Portuguese )
Palaces in Lisbon
Museums in Lisbon
ISO 3166-2 : ET is the entry for Ethiopia in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Currently for Ethiopia , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 2 administrations and 10 regional states .
Each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen . The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Ethiopia . The second part is two letters .
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency ( ISO 3166/MA ) .
ISO 639-1 codes are used to represent subdivision names in the following administrative languages :
( am ) : Amharic
( en ) : English
Click on the button in the header to sort each column .
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998 :
See also
Subdivisions of Ethiopia
FIPS region codes of Ethiopia
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform : ET
States of Ethiopia , Statoids.com
2 : ET
ISO 3166-2
Ethiopia geography-related lists
William Stone ( January 26 , 1791February 18 , 1853 ) was a U.S. Representative from Tennessee .
Biography
Born in Sevier County in the portion of the Southwest Territory that is now Tennessee , Stone completed preparatory studies . He married Mary Randall . They had seven children , three boys and four girls .
Career
About 1808 , Stone and other members of his family moved by wagon train to Sequatchie County , Tennessee . He held several local offices . He owned slaves .
Stone was a captain in the Creek War and served with General Andrew Jackson in the Louisiana Campaign and was present at the Battle of New Orleans . He was presented a cane by Congress for bravery in the Battle of Tippecanoe , and was made brevet brigadier general for gallantry at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend .
An unsuccessful Whig candidate for election in 1836 to the Twenty-fifth Congress , Stone was subsequently elected to the Twenty-fifth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James Standifer and served from September 14 , 1837 , to March 3 , 1839 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Twenty-sixth Congress .
Death
Stone died in Delphi ( later Davis ) , Sequatchie County , Tennessee , on February 18 , 1853 ( age 62 years , 23 days ) . He is interred at the family burying ground at Delphi .
References
External links
1791 births
1853 deaths
People from Sevier County , Tennessee
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee
American slave owners
United States Army officers
People of the Creek War
Military personnel from Tennessee
Moving Targets is the debut studio album by English band Penetration , released in 1978 by record label Virgin .
Reception
AllMusic wrote : `` Penetration 's debut album stands among the very last true greats of the first wave of British punk offerings . '' Trouser Press wrote : `` Penetration 's debut LP mixes expansive creations and direct punk-outs , all done with flair and originality . Unlike other LPs by young bands of this era , Moving Targets still sounds surprisingly fresh . ''
Track listing
`` Future Daze '' ( Neale Floyd , Pauline Murray ) - 2:58
`` Life 's a Gamble '' ( Pauline Murray , Gary Chaplin ) - 2:59
`` Lovers of Outrage '' ( Pauline Murray , Gary Chaplin ) - 3:56
`` Vision '' ( Robert Blamire , Pauline Murray ) - 3:24
`` Silent Community '' ( Pauline Murray , Gary Chaplin ) - 3:29
`` Stone Heroes '' ( Neale Floyd , Pauline Murray , Robert Blamire ) - 3:15
`` Movement '' ( Robert Blamire , Pauline Murray ) - 3:22
`` Too Many Friends '' ( Robert Blamire , Pauline Murray , Fred Purser ) - 3:13
`` Reunion '' ( Neale Floyd , Pauline Murray ) - 3:59
`` Nostalgia '' ( Pete Shelley ) - 3:49
`` Freemoney '' ( Patti Smith , Lenny Kaye ) - 4:48
Personnel
Penetration
Pauline Murray - vocals
Gary Chaplin - guitar
Fred Purser - lead guitar ; keyboards on `` Reunion ''
Neale Floyd - guitar
Robert Blamire - bass
Gary Smallman - drums , percussion
Technical
Mick Glossop - engineer
Robert Mason , Russell Mills - sleeve artwork
Paul Nugent - sleeve photography
References
External links
1978 debut albums
Albums produced by Mike Howlett
Virgin Records albums
Rachel Levin is a San Francisco-based author and journalist . In 2018 , her first book , Look Big : And Other Tips for Surviving Animal Encounters of All Kinds , was published by Random House . The Wall Street Journal called it `` a nifty idea carried out with humor and a deft touch . ''
Levin lives in San Francisco and has contributed stories , essays and cultural commentary to the New Yorker , the New York Times , T , the Wall Street Journal , Outside , Lucky Peach , Slate , Pacific Standard , Food & Wine , AFAR , Modern Farmer , and more . She is the 2018 recipient of the Karola Saekel Craib Excellence in Food Journalism Fellowship from the San Francisco chapter of Les Dames d'Escoffier . She is co-authored with Evan Bloom of Eat Something : A Wise Sons Book for Jews Who Like Food and Food Lovers Who Like Jews , published in 2020 by Chronicle Books .
References
External links
Jewish American writers
Living people
Writers from San Francisco
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American Jews
Year of birth missing ( living people )
John Machlin Buchanan ( September 29 , 1917 – June 25 , 2007 ) was an American professor of biochemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He arrived at MIT in 1953 and retired in 1988 after a distinguished career in which he was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences . He played a key role in the development of MIT 's Department of Biology as a major force in biochemistry research and was himself a prominent researcher of purine biosynthesis . He died in 2007 at age 89 .
Early life and education
Buchanan was born in Winamac , Indiana , in 1917 . He became interested in a career in science during a high school chemistry course . He attended DePauw University as an undergraduate , where he gained his first scientific research experience , and from which he graduated with a bachelor 's degree in chemistry in 1938 . He received his M.S . from the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor in 1939 , and later identified the head of its chemistry department , Howard B. Lewis , as a key influence in his research career . Buchanan received his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1943 under the supervision of Albert Baird Hastings .
Academic career
Buchanan arrived at MIT in 1953 after reaching the rank of full professor at the University of Pennsylvania Medical School . He had been heavily recruited by the head of what was then called the Department of Molecular Biology , Francis O. Schmitt . He became the head of the Division of Biochemistry and quickly began recruiting faculty interested in biochemistry research , including Gene Brown , Vernon Ingram , Salvador Luria , Paul Schimmel , Phil Robbins and Lisa Steiner ( the first woman faculty member in the department , hired in 1967 ) . He also sought out more senior scientists to bring to MIT , including Cyrus Levinthal , Maurice Fox and Alexander Rich . James Killian , the MIT president responsible for recruiting Buchanan , described the hire as among the most important and expensive hires he made , because the department 's biochemistry division under Buchanan 's leadership quickly became widely well-regarded in the field . Later , as biochemistry became more established , Buchanan opposed some of the decisions made in the department , such as the shutdown of the Division of Biochemistry under department head Boris Magasanik and the planning under subsequent department head Gene Brown to launch the Whitehead Institute .
Buchanan was awarded the Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry in 1951 . He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1953 and to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1962 . Buchanan became the first John and Dorothy Wilson Professor in 1966 and retained the title till he retired in 1988 . In 2006 , MIT endowed an annual lectureship in his name .
Research
Buchanan 's graduate research formed one of the earliest uses of radiolabeling for studying metabolism . He is best known for his research on the biosynthesis of purines . Often working in parallel with G. Robert Greenberg , Buchanan 's research group made so much progress on this topic that they laid out their findings in a series of over 20 papers published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry . Buchanan and Greenberg 's work together provided an understanding of the pathway through which purine bases could be converted to nucleotides .
Personal life
Buchanan met his wife Elsa during a visit to Stockholm to work with Hugo Theorell . The two were married for 57 years and had four children . Buchanan died in 2007 at age 89 .
References
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1917 births
2007 deaths
People from Pulaski County , Indiana
DePauw University alumni
University of Michigan College of Literature , Science , and the Arts alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American biochemists
Hannah Vermeersch ( born 10 September 1992 ) is an Australian Olympic rower . She represented for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics and at World Championships from 2013 to 2018 . She won the Remenham Challenge Cup at the 2018 Henley Royal Regatta in the Australian women 's eight .
Personal
Vermeersch was born in Esperance , Western Australia and attended Scaddan Primary School and Presbyterian Ladies ' College , Perth . She started a Bachelor of Sports Science at Murdoch University in 2010. , she lived in Perth , Western Australia .
Club and state rowing
Vermeersch competes in sweep-oared boats . She was coached by Rebecca Sattin and won a rowing scholarship from the Western Australian Institute of Sport . Her senior club rowing has been from the West Australian Rowing Club .
Vermeersch was first selected to represent Western Australia in the women 's youth eight in 2010 contesting the Bicentennial Cup at the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships . From 2011 to 2015 and then in 2017 & 2018 she rowed in Western Australia 's senior women 's eights contesting the Queen 's Cup at the Interstate Regatta .
In West Australian Rowing Club colours she contested national titles at the Australian Rowing Championships on a number of occasions . In 2012 in West Lakes , she raced for the coxless pair championship with Alexandra Hagan and finished second . The 2013 she raced in that same event with Lucy Stephan and finished sixth and in 2014 with Sophie Sutherland placing seventh . She contested the coxless four title in an Australian selection composite in 2014 and was beaten out for the gold by a visiting Californian crew .
International representative rowing
Vermeersch first represented at the Junior World Rowing Championships in 2009 at Brive-La-Gaillarde where she won a gold medal in the Australian women 's coxless four . The following year at the 2010 Junior World Championships in Racice , she rowed again in the coxless four and won a bronze medal .
Vermeersch made her senior Australian representative debut in 2012 . She was selected in the Australian senior women 's eight who finished fourth at the 2012 World Cup II in Lucerne , Switzerland and placed fifth in the same event at the 2012 World Cup III in Munich , Germany . In that eight over a 2000m course , she helped set a time of 6 minutes 12.36 seconds , which qualified that Australian boat for the Olympics .
Vermeersch was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing in the eights . The crew nicknamed themselves the `` Motley Crew '' . She earned selection on the boat after a battle between ten women for eight spots . With an Australian rowing team of forty-six rowers , she was one of the youngest members of the team . Prior to going to London , she participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese , Italy . Vermeersch was seated at bow in the eight 's Olympic campaign at 2012 London – the crew were disappointed with their 6th place finish .
In 2013 she rowed in the senior women 's eight who took gold at the World Rowing Cup I in Sydney . Half of World Cup eight were selected as a coxless four to compete at the 2013 World Rowing U23 Championships in Linz and in the lead up preparation they competed and won silver at the WRC III in Lucerne . At the 2013 U23 World Championships with Alexandra Hagan and Charlotte Sutherland and stroked by Lucy Stephan , Vermeersch won gold and an U23 World Championship title .
Two months later that same four raced as Australia 's senior women 's coxless four at the 2013 World Rowing Championships in Chungju , Korea and took a bronze medal . All members of the four also doubled-up in the senior women 's eight with Vermeersch seated at bow and they placed fifth in that event in Chungju .
Vermeersch held her seat in the Australian senior eight for the next two years . She raced at the 2014 World Rowing Cup III in Lucerne and then in the bow seat in the eight 's campaign at the 2014 World Rowing Championships in Amsterdam where they finished in tenth place . In 2015 she was in the eight at two World Rowing Cups in Europe and also competed in a coxless four at the WRC II . Then in her final Australian representative appearance , Vermeersch rowed in the two seat of the eight at the 2015 World Rowing Championships in Aiguebelette . They finished in overall seventh place .
In 2018 Vermeersch was back in representative contention and regained a seat in the Australian women 's eight . The eight started their 2018 international campaign with a bronze medal win at the World Rowing Cup II in Linz , Austria . In their second competitive outing of the 2018 international season in an Australian selection eight and racing as the Georgina Hope Rinehart National Training Centre , after Rowing Australia patron , Gina Rinehart , Vermeersch won the 2018 Remenham Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta . At the 2018 World Rowing Championships in Plovdiv she raced the Australian coxless pair with Addy Dunkley-Smith . They finished second in the B final for an overall eight place finish .
References
Living people
1992 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People educated at Presbyterian Ladies ' College , Perth
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
Carenum elegans is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae , tribe Scaritini and subtribe Carenina . It was described by William John Macleay in 1864 from Port Denison , Western Australia .
References
elegans
Beetles described in 1864
Beetles of Australia
Arthropods of Western Australia
Khrenovy Island ( ) is a small uninhabited island in the Ob Sea near Berd Spit .
History
Archaeologists have found a Bronze Age stone mace on the island .
Before the emergence of the Novosibirsk Reservoir , the island was the southern part of Berdsk .
References
Islands of Novosibirsk Oblast
Alisha Rebecca Glass Childress ( born April 5 , 1988 ) is an American former professional volleyball player who played as a setter for the United States women 's national volleyball team . Glass played collegiate volleyball for Penn State , where she led Penn State to three NCAA consecutive championships . Glass won gold with the national team at the 2014 World Championship , and bronze at the 2015 World Cup and 2016 Rio Olympic Games .
Career
High school
Glass played high school volleyball for Leland High School in Michigan , where her mother Laurie Glass was also her coach and grandfather Larry Glass was her high school basketball coach . She was a four-time first team all-state , all-region dream team and all-conference , is the National and State High School record holder in season aces ( 296 ) , career aces ( 937 ) and career kills ( 3,584 ) and during scholastic career attacked at a .440 clip while also contributing 1,816 digs and 680 blocks . She was named Michigan Gatorade High School Player of the Year and Miss Volleyball for the state of Michigan .
College
She played college women 's volleyball at Penn State University . During her four years at Penn State , the Nittany Lions posted a stunning 142-5 record ( .966 ) , including a perfect 102-0 streak that spanned three seasons , captured the 2007 , 2008 and 2009 NCAA titles , advanced to the 2006 Elite Eight and won four Big Ten Conference titles . She was the three-time All-American , first team All-Big Ten , and three-time First Team AVCA All-Mideast Region . Under her guidance , Glass directed the Penn State offense to a record setting and nation-leading .390 hitting percentage and the Nittany Lions bested their own record of .350 set in 2007 . She finished her career in 13th place in hitting percentage with .336 and blocks with 448 , fourth in assists with 5,800 , and fifteen with 465 sets played .
International
Glass won the gold medal at the 2014 World Championship when her national team defeated 3–1 to China . She was also selected tournament 's Best Setter . Glass has played for the United States women 's national volleyball team in Rio that won a bronze medal and was named Best Setter .
Clubs
Penn State University ( 2006–2009 )
Vôlei Futuro ( 2010–2011 )
Atom Trefl Sopot ( 2011–2012 )
LIU•JO Volley Modena ( 2012–2013 )
Fenerbahçe ( 2013–2014 )
Imoco Volley Conegliano ( 2014–2016 )
Athletes Unlimited ( 2022 )
Coaching
Glass Childress joined the Stanford women 's volleyball coaching staff as an assistant coach in January 2019 . She left after 2 seasons .
Awards
Individual
2013 World Grand Prix `` Best Setter ''
2013 NORCECA Championship `` Best Setter ''
2014 FIVB World Championship `` Best Setter ''
2016 Olympic Games `` Best Setter ''
National team
2011 Pan-American Volleyball Cup
2011 Women 's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2011 FIVB World Grand Prix
2011 FIVB Women 's World Cup
2012 Pan-American Volleyball Cup
2012 FIVB World Grand Prix
2013 Pan-American Volleyball Cup
2013 NORCECA Championship
2013 FIVB World Grand Champions Cup
2014 FIVB World Championship
2015 FIVB World Grand Prix
2015 FIVB Women 's World Cup
2015 Women 's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2016 Women 's NORCECA Olympic Qualification Tournament
2016 FIVB World Grand Prix
2016 Summer Olympics
College
2x First Team AVCA All-American ( 2008 , 2009 )
Second Team AVCA All-American ( 2007 )
3x NCAA Championship All-Tournament Team ( 2007 , 2008 , 2009 )
2x NCAA Regional All-Tournament Team ( 2008 , 2009 )
3x AVCA National Player of the Week ( 11/11/06 , 11/19/07 , 11/18/08 )
Three-time First Team All-Big Ten ( 2007 , 2008 , 2009 )
2006 Big Ten All-Freshman Team
Four-time Big Ten Player of the Week
See also
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians
References
External links
Alisha Glass and Fenerbahce ( istasy10.net )
1988 births
Living people
American women 's volleyball players
Fenerbahçe volleyballers
Penn State Nittany Lions women 's volleyball players
People from Leland , Michigan
Setters ( volleyball )
Volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in volleyball
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African-American volleyball players
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in Poland
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
American expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
American expatriate sportspeople in Italy
American expatriate sportspeople in Poland
American expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
American volleyball coaches
Stanford Cardinal women 's volleyball coaches
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Izumi Kirihara . The story revolves around a shy girl named Mugi Asai who is unsure of what club to join in her school , but before she knows it she gets dragged into the Drama Research Society and becomes a member . The manga was serialized in Futabasha 's seinen manga magazine Comic High ! from March 2004 to May 2009 . The manga was licensed for distribution in North America by Aurora Publishing . A 12-episode anime adaptation aired in Japan between March and June 2007 .
Plot
Hitohira revolves around a group of young high school students , the primary characters of which are either in the Drama Club or in the much smaller Drama Research Society . At the center is the main heroine Mugi Asai , a shy girl entering her first year of high school . Early in the year , Mugi is unsure on what clubs she should join , but is soon spotted by the Drama Research Society 's president Nono Ichinose after she hears Mugi 's astonishingly loud voice . Nono pressures Mugi into joining the club and eventually Mugi buckles under the pressure and joins . At first Mugi did not think it was going to be so bad , but she eventually learns that the Drama Research Society is going to put on two plays this year , and Mugi must act in both plays in several roles due to the low number of club members . Over time , Mugi 's personality changes due to the club members ' influence on her .
Characters
Drama Research Society
Mugi is the main character in Hitohira . She is a very shy girl who has low self-esteem and will often say things are `` impossible '' if she thinks they are too much for her to handle . Despite being terrified about being the center of attention , she gets unwillingly drafted into the Drama Research Society but stays after she discovers the determination from the three older members of the club . Mugi especially admires Nono 's determination after learning about her affliction with her vocal cords . When Mugi starts to panic , Nono can easily calm her down enough for her to carry out her acting duties . When stressed , or sometimes merely by chance , Mugi is submerged in delusions when she imagines herself in strange scenarios .
Nono is the president of the Drama Research Society . She usually has a calm personality and her expression does not change much . When angered , however , she becomes very intimidating and has been known to be unstoppable when in this state of mind . Nono has an outward rivalry with the Drama Club president Mirei Sakaki and whenever the two of them meet they are sure to argue . Nono has a latent form of vocal cord paralysis and if she overexerts her voice too much , she may lose it at a young age . Nono was once a member of the Drama Society but later formed the Drama Research Society with Takashi and Risaki because she still wanted to act , which went against the wishes of Mirei .
Takashi is one of the three founding members of the Drama Research Society . He has a personality which could be described as cool , and has a strong determination regarding drama and acting . Chitose Kanna of the Drama Club has a crush on him and often attends Drama Research Society meetings to get a chance to be closer to him . Takashi is very smart ; he got twenty-fifth place in the mid-term exams for his school early on in the story . He admits on having a crush on Nono to Chitose when she confesses her feelings for him .
Risaki is the third founding member of the Drama Research Society . She has a tough personality which she often uses to get her younger brother Kai to do what she wants for the sake of the club . She is not afraid to show force when needed , but has been shown to be terrified of Nono when she is angered .
Kai is Risaki 's younger brother and the last member of the Drama Research Society . He was drafted against his will by his sister at the same time Mugi joined . Thus , the two of them share an odd friendship since both do not really want to be members of the club . Later on , he gradually develops romantic feelings towards her . Kai often gets forced by his sister to do things for the club at the expense of himself .
Drama Club
Mirei is the president of the Drama Club . She has a serious personality and is able to forcefully command the other members of her club . She has an ongoing rivalry with Nono despite being close friends back when they first met a couple of years ago . Mirei initially brought Nono into the Drama Club after she saw Nono constantly reading alone . She might also have romantic feelings for Nono , as Takashi has hinted after being rejected by Nono for offering to share his umbrella with her . Although she does not show it much , she worries about Nono due to Nono 's health problems . She had tried to stop Nono from using her voice as an actress by not letting her act in a play , but failed .
Chitose is a first year student and new member to the Drama Club . She has an outgoing personality and has been told she is very bold in her actions . Despite being a member of the Drama Club , she often helps the Drama Research Society with small tasks and will motivate Mugi when need be . Chitose has a crush on Takashi and will cheer for him during practices . She gave Mugi the nickname `` Mugi-choco '' and is herself nicknamed `` Orinal '' by Kayo . After her confession to Takashi , she remains cheerful as usual despite being rejected .
Other characters
Kayo is Mugi 's friend that she has known since junior-high school . She is often encouraging Mugi to have more confidence and tries to give her motivation during practice sessions held by the Drama Research Society . Kayo has a love of photography and is a member of the Photography Club ; she likes to take pictures of Mugi and the other members of the Drama Research Society . After finishing her first year with Mugi , she leaves Japan to study photography overseas .
Media
Manga
The Hitohira manga series , written and illustrated by Izumi Kirihara , was serialized in Futabasha 's seinen manga magazine Comic High ! between March 22 , 2004 and May 22 , 2009 . Seven bound volumes were released in Japan . The manga has been licensed for distribution in North America by Aurora Publishing . The first three volumes were released between October 2008 and February 2009 . A side-story spin-off manga titled was serialized in Comic High ! between July 22 , 2009 and January 22 , 2010 . A single volume for Encore was published on April 12 , 2010 .
Anime
The anime series is produced by the animation studio Xebec M2 , written by Megumu Sasano , and directed by Akira Nishimori . The series contains twelve episodes which aired between March 28 , 2007 and June 13 , 2007 . The opening and ending theme maxi single entitled Yume , Hitohira was released on April 25 , 2007 by Media Factory . The single contained the opening theme by Yūko Asami , and the ending theme by Mai Mizuhashi . The first original soundtrack entitled Hitohira Drama & BGM Mugi Asai was released on May 30 , 2007 by Media Factory containing background music tracks along with a set of tracks akin to a drama CD . The second soundtrack entitled Hitohira Drama & BGM Nono Ichinose was released on June 27 , 2007 , also by Media Factory .
References
External links
Anime official website
Ed Chavez podcast
2004 manga
2009 manga
Aurora Publishing ( United States )
Comedy anime and manga
Futabasha manga
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Theatre in anime and manga
Xebec ( studio )
Annraoí Ó Liatháin ( 15 October 1917 - 1981 ) was an Irish writer and film narrator .
Early life
Born in Portumna , Co. Galway to Michael Lyons and Annie McKee . His family moved to Waterford when he was a child , and he attended Primary school there . On graduating , he spent five years as a novice with the Congregation of Christian Brothers in Tullow , Co. Carlow , and in Youghal .
Career
Having left the seminary , he entered the Irish Civil Service in 1936 . After a period of time working at the Property Valuation Office , he moved into the dictionary team at the Department of Education ( An Roinn Oideachais ) .
During his career as a writer , he wrote exclusively in his native Irish language . He produced a number of novels aimed at teenagers , as well as collaborated on a number of books on the natural world . He was also president of Conradh na Gaeilge from 1952-1955 .
Personal life
Ó Liatháin married Margaret Fox of Ballymote , Co. Sligo in 1949 , and they went on to have eight children .
Bibliography
Claíomh an Díoltais
Cois Móire
Laochra na Machairí
An Tíogar Daonna
Nead na gCreabhar
Luaithreach an Bhua
Dún na Cinniúna
Cois tSiúire
Buíon Éireannach in Albain
An Bradán agus Iascaireacht an Bhradáin ( Sáirséal agus Dill , 1970 )
References
1917 births
1981 deaths
20th-century Irish people
Irish-language writers
People from Portumna
USAV Lt. General William B. Bunker ( LSV-4 ) is a General Frank S. Besson Jr.-class roll-on/roll-off of US Army .
Design
Named in honor of Gen. Frank S. Besson Jr. , former Chief of Transportation , U.S. Army , these ships have bow and stern ramps and the ability to beach themselves , giving them the ability to discharge 900 short tons of vehicles and cargo over the shore in as little as four feet of water , or 2,000 short tons as an intra-theater line haul roll-on/roll-off cargo ship . The vessel 's cargo deck is designed to handle any vehicle in the US Army inventory and can carry up to 15 M1 Abrams main battle tanks or 82 ISO standard containers .
Construction and career
She was acquired by the US Army on 18 March 1988 and commissioned in 1988 into the 1099th Transportation Detachment , 7th Expeditionary Transportation Brigade .
Gallery
References
External links
Navsource – Photo Gallery
Frank S Besson Class LSV Logistic Support Vessel
LSVs at globalsecurity.org
Photo gallery : Family tour aboard the LSV-7 Kuroda | The Honolulu Advertiser
LSV-8 USAV MG Roberts Smalls – a set on Flickr
Army Commissions Vessel Named after African-American Civil War Hero , S.C. Statesman
Robert Smalls Official Website
Ships built in the United States
1988 ships
General Frank S. Besson-class support vessels
Todor Dinov ( ) ( 24 July 1919 – 17 June 2004 ) is informally known as the Father of Bulgarian Animation . During his lifetime he wrote and directed more than 40 short animated films and several live-action feature films , and was also a popular illustrator , children 's book illustrator , painter , graphic artist , comics artist and caricaturist .
Dinov was born to a Bulgarian family in Dedeagach in Western Thrace ( today Alexandroupoli , Greece ) and finished school in Plovdiv , Bulgaria . He studied at the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in Moscow under the tutelage of distinguished Soviet animators such as Ivan Ivanov-Vano . Dinov created his own first animated film , Yunak Marko ( English : Marko the Hero ) , in 1955 . Perhaps his best-known animated film in the West is the five-minute short Margaritka ( English : The Daisy ) , produced in 1965 . The film features a square-shaped little man trying to cut down a daisy and failing , then becoming more and more enraged as he tries increasingly brutal methods against the flower ; in the end , the daisy only responds to the love of a child . Oddly , Margaritka won a prize for best children 's film even though it was meant for adults .
In 1967 he was a member of the jury of the 5th Moscow International Film Festival .
He founded the first animation studio in Bulgaria , setting the highest quality professional standards for producing animation in his country . Later , he created the Animation Department ( now a separate major ) and taught animation classes at the Theatre and Film Arts Institute . Dinov was also a member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences .
In 1999 , Dinov was awarded the highest-rank Bulgarian medal — the Stara Planina order ( First Degree ) . In 2003 he received the Crystal Pyramide Award of the Bulgarian Filmmaker Union for lifetime achievement to the art of Bulgarian animation .
He died in Sofia at the age of 84 .
Filmography
The following are some of the animated films directed by Dinov . Titles have been transliteratred from Cyrillic to Latin , and are followed by their names in English where available :
Yunak Marko ( `` Marko the Hero '' ) ( November 16 , 1955 )
Prikazka za borovoto klonche ( `` Tale of the Pine Twig '' ) ( April 22 , 1960 )
Gramootvodat ( `` Lightning Rod '' ) ( February 1 , 1962 )
Yabalkata ( `` The Apple '' ) ( April 1 , 1963 )
Revnost ( `` Jealousy '' ) ( September 25 , 1963 )
Margaritka ( `` The Daisy '' ) ( July 24 , 1965 )
Izgonen ot raya ( `` Banished from Eden '' ) ( March 27 , 1967 )
Prometey ( `` Prometheus XX '' ) ( August 4 , 1970 )
Tapanat ( `` The Kettle-Drum '' ) ( July 24 , 1973 )
Malkoto Anche ( July 24 , 2000 )
References
External links
Plovdiv Guide article on Dinov
Lambiek Comiclopedia article .
1919 births
2004 deaths
People from Alexandroupoli
Bulgarians from Western Thrace
Bulgarian animators
Bulgarian film directors
Bulgarian animated film directors
Bulgarian caricaturists
Bulgarian comics artists
Bulgarian children 's book illustrators
Bulgarian painters
Corresponding Members of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography alumni
Kumsa Moroda ( Oromo : Kumsaa Morodaa was the third and last Moti , or ruler , of the Welega kingdom also known as the Leqa Neqamte state . His father was Moti Moroda Bekere .
Under his rule , Nekemte continued to prosper , despite the re-imposition of central authority ; Russian explorer Alexander Bulatovich visited Nekemte on 13 March 1897 ; in his memoirs he describes its marketplace as `` a very lively place and presents a motley mixture of languages , dress , and peoples '' , and carefully described the paintings in the town 's newly constructed Ethiopian Orthodox church . In 1905 , a central government customs office was officially opened in Nekemte .
His cousin was the businessman and historian Blatta Deressa Amante , father of the senior statesman Lij Yilma Deressa .
See also
List of rulers of Leqa Naqamte
References
Oromo people
Rulers of Leqa Naqamte
Governors of Ethiopia
People from Nekemte
Converts to Tewahedo Orthodoxy
Ethiopian military personnel
19th-century Oriental Orthodox Christians
20th-century Oriental Orthodox Christians
Echinus or Echinos ( ) was an ancient Greek town of Acarnania . Legend has it that it was founded by a Greek mythological figure named Echinus . It is mentioned by the poet Rhianus , and appears in the list of cities of Acarnania transmitted by Pliny the Elder , who places it between Heraclea and Actium . The site of Echinus is near the modern town of Vonitsa , probably the kastro ( or castle ) of Profitis Elias .
See also
List of cities in ancient Epirus
References
Sources
Populated places in ancient Acarnania
Cities in ancient Epirus
Former populated places in Greece
Golshan ( ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 344 , in 85 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Benjamin Cerullo ( born July 12 , 1976 ) is an American evangelist , Christian television show host and producer . He is also the son and first child born to The Inspiration Networks CEO and American televangelist David and his wife Barbara Cerullo . He is also the grandson of the controversial international televangelist and TV show host Morris Cerullo .
Early life and ministry
Cerullo was born in San Diego , California where he lived for 15 years . He grew up surfing , skateboarding , and snowboarding . At the age of 15 , Ben 's parents , David and Barbara moved the family , Ben and his sister Becky ( now Becky Cerullo-Henderson ) , from San Diego to Charlotte , North Carolina after purchasing Jim & Tammy Faye Bakker 's former PTL cable network , The Inspirational Network , out of bankruptcy .
At the age of 18 , Ben 's love of action sports took him to Vail , Colorado to pursue his dream of becoming a professional snowboarder . Ben spent two seasons in Vail and one season in Mammoth Lakes , California before returning to Charlotte . Ben is a part of The Inspiration Ministries ( INSP ) where he works with his father David Cerullo . As part of The Inspiration Ministries , Ben is President and Founder of Steelroots , the youth outreach for INSP .
Steelroots ministry
Named by Charisma Magazine as one of the `` 30 Emerging Voices that will lead the church in the next decade , '' Cerullo used his action sports background to start the youth-culture ministry , Steelroots , in 2000 . The ministry was one of the first to blend action sports and Christian music to reach youth and young adults .
Ben Cerullo Ministries
In 2007 , Cerullo stepped out from behind the camera as the spokesperson and television personality of Steelroots to launch Ben Cerullo Ministries . Ben still oversees and manages the team and efforts of the Steelroots ministry while serving as the driving force as head of Ben Cerullo Ministries .
Family and personal
Cerullo currently lives in Charlotte with his wife , Jessica , and their daughter , Victoria , and sons , Joel and Josiah .
References
External links
Ben Cerullo 's executive profile and bio at BizJournals website
1976 births
People from San Diego
Christians from California
Christians from North Carolina
American evangelists
Businesspeople from Charlotte , North Carolina
21st-century American businesspeople
Television personalities from California
American people of Italian descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Living people
In graph theory and theoretical computer science , the level ancestor problem is the problem of preprocessing a given rooted tree T into a data structure that can determine the ancestor of a given node at a given distance from the root of the tree .
More precisely , let T be a rooted tree with n nodes , and let v be an arbitrary node of T. The level ancestor query LA ( v , d ) requests the ancestor of node v at depth d , where the depth of a node v in a tree is the number of edges on the shortest path from the root of the tree to node v .
It is possible to solve this problem in constant time per query , after a preprocessing algorithm that takes O ( n ) and that builds a data structure that uses O ( n ) storage space .
Naive methods
The simplest way to find a level ancestor of a node is to climb up the tree towards the root of the tree . On the path to the root of the tree , every ancestor of a node can be visited and therefore reported . In this case , the tree does not need to be preprocessed and the time to answer a query is O ( h ) , where `` h '' is the height of the tree . This approach is not feasible in situations where the tree may have large height and a large number of a query are required to be processed .
Alternatively , all the possible solutions can be precomputed and stored in a table . In this case , the queries can be answered in O ( 1 ) but the space and the preprocessing time is O ( n2 ) .
The simplest queries that can be answered in constant time without any preprocessing are LA ( v , 0 ) and LA ( v , depth ( v ) ) . In the former case , the answer is always the root of the tree and in the latter case , the answer is the node v itself . Each of these results takes O ( 1 ) .
Storing the paths through the tree in a skew binary random access list allows the tree to still be extended downward one O ( 1 ) step at a time , but now allows the search to proceed in O ( log ( p ) ) , where `` p '' is the distance from v to the requested depth . This approach is feasible when the tree is particularly wide or will be extended online and so ca n't be effectively preprocessed , as the storage and access time is purely determined by path length .
Jump pointer algorithm
The jump pointer algorithm pre-processes a tree in O ( n log n ) time and answers level ancestor queries in O ( log n ) time . The jump pointer algorithm associates up to log n pointers to each vertex of the tree . These pointers are called jump pointers because they jump up the tree towards the root of the tree . For a given node v of a tree , the algorithm stores an array of length jumpers where . The ith element of this array points to the 2ith ancestor of v. Using such data structure helps us jump halfway up the tree from any given node . When the algorithm is asked to process a query , we repeatedly jump up the tree using these pointers . The number of jumps will be at most log n and therefore queries can be answered in log n time .
Ladder algorithm
The ladder algorithm is based on the idea of simplifying a tree into a collection of paths . The reason for this is the fact that paths are easier to be queried when it comes to level ancestor queries . Consider a path P consisting of n nodes rooted at a node r. We can store the path into an array of size n called Ladder and we can quickly answer a level ancestor query of LA ( v , d ) by returning Ladder [ d ] if depth ( v ) ≤d . This will take O ( 1 ) . However , this will only work if the given tree is a path . Otherwise , we need to decompose it into paths . This is done in two stages : long-path decomposition and extending the long paths into ladders .
Stage 1 : long-path decomposition
This is a recursive method that decomposes a given tree into paths . This stage starts off by finding the longest root-to-leaf path in the tree . It then removes this path by breaking its ties from the tree which will break the remaining of the tree into sub-trees and then it recursively processes each sub-tree . Every time a path is decomposed , an array is created in association with the path that contains the elements on the path from the root to the leaf . The base case of this recursion is when the tree is a path in which case its removal leaves an empty graph . Each vertex v has a unique ladder which is the ladder containing it and we call it the `` v 's ladder '' . However , after this pre-processing stage , the queries can not be answered quickly . In fact in order to answer a level ancestor query , the algorithm needs to jump from a path to another until it reaches the root and there could be Θ ( ) of such paths on a leaf-to-root path . This leads us to an algorithm that can pre-process the tree in O ( n ) time and answers queries in O ( ) . In order to reach the optimal query time , we need to process the results in a second stage described below .
Stage 2 : extending the long paths into ladders
The first stage of the algorithm decomposes the tree into a number of disjoint paths . In the second stage of the algorithm , each path is extended and therefore the resulting paths will not be mutually exclusive . In the first stage of the algorithm , each path is associated with an array of size h ' . We extend this path by adding the h ' immediate ancestors at the top of the path in the same array . This will extend each array twice its original size at most which will result in 2n total number of nodes in all the ladders . Notice that the number of ladders is not changed and each node 's ladder remains the same . Although a node v can be listed in multiple paths now but its ladder is the one that was associated to v in the first stage of the algorithm . These two stages can be processes in O ( n ) but the query time is not constant yet . Consider a level ancestor query on a node u of height h. By travelling to the top of u 's ladder , a vertex of height at least 2h will be reached . Observe that all the nodes have a height of at least 1 and therefore after doing this i times , we reach a node of height at least 2i and therefore we need to do this at most log n times . This gives us a query time of O ( log n ) .
Stage 3 : combining the two approaches
It turns out that the ladder algorithm does not do the trick on its own . In fact the jump pointer algorithm and the ladder algorithm complement one another . The two algorithms work in opposite directions : the jump pointer algorithm makes exponentially decreasing hops and the ladder algorithm makes exponentially increasing hops . A combination of the two algorithms can answer queries in O ( 1 ) time . A single jump pointer takes any query at least halfway up the tree after which climbing up only one ladder will answer the query . This results in O ( n log n ) pre-processing time and O ( 1 ) query time . The pre-processing can be further reduced to O ( n ) time by an application of the Method of Four Russians , in which the tree is reduced to a smaller tree with linear preprocessing , and a collection of very small trees , which are small enough that an exhaustive enumeration of all trees and the preprocessing of those trees is still O ( n ) time . Trees of size ( log n ) /4 suffice .
Berkman and Vishkin 's solution
A different solution is due to Berkman and Vishkin . This solution is based on the
Euler tour technique for processing trees . The main observation is that LA ( v , d ) is the first node of depth
d that appears in the Euler tour after the last appearance of v. Thus , by constructing the Euler tour and associated
information on depth , the problem is reduced to a query on arrays , named find smaller ( FS ) .
For an array A , and a valid index i , FS ( i , x ) returns
the first index j > i such that A [ i ] < x ( here , we use x=d+1 ) . An efficient solution to the FS problem is hard in general , but easier for the special case that arises from Euler tours ; in this case , adjacent elements differ by ±1 . This idea yields O ( 1 ) query time , with a preprocessing algorithm of complexity O ( n log n ) . The preprocessing time is improved to O ( n ) by an application of the Method of Four Russians .
See also
Range query ( data structures )
Lowest common ancestor
References
Theoretical computer science
Trees ( graph theory )
Lauren Gawne is a linguistics researcher and academic communicator , most known for her work on gestural languages and in the linguistics of emoji .
Early life and education
Lauren Gawne was educated at the University of Melbourne , studying a BA in linguistics and art history and subsequently a linguistics PhD under the supervision of Barbara Kelly and Rachel Nordlinger which she received in 2013 .
Career and impact
After completing her PhD , Gawne worked at Nanyang Technological University and then the School of Oriental and African Studies . She subsequently took up fellowship in La Trobe University 's department of languages and linguistics as a David Myers Research Fellow in 2017 and has worked there as a senior lecturer since 2019 . During 2017-19 , she was also vice president of the Australian Linguistic Society and was subsequently chair of the board of Living Languages in 2020 . She also co-chaired the Research Data Alliance linguistics data interest group , developing best practices for research data management and data citation in the discipline .
Her research focuses on evidentiality and gesture , particularly in Tibeto-Burman languages such as Yolmo . She also researches the contemporary use of emojis and comments on the gestural elements of English speakers .
She is additionally active in academic outreach via writing for The Big Issue , running a linguistics website , and running the Lingthusiasm podcast series , which she co-hosts with Gretchen McCulloch .
Awards and honours
Lauren Gawne received the 2014 Talkey award from the Australian Linguistics Society for her work on academic outreach .
References
Created via preloaddraft
Linguists from Australia
La Trobe University faculty
Living people
University of Melbourne alumni
Women linguists
Australian women academics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Brigadier Helm Roos ( 1930–1992 ) was a senior officer in the South African Army from the artillery . He was a qualified Army Air Observation Pilot who served as OC 7 South African Division and Western Province Command before his retirement in the seventies .
Army career
He served as an artilleryman in 4 Field Training Regiment and 14 Field Regiment . As a major , he completed the British Army Command and Staff course in the fifties . He was in command of the management team in Angola during the `` Bridge 14 '' operation circa 1974 during the cold-war era power vacuum left by the Portuguese evacuation . He later commanded 14 Fd Regt and was appointed as the Military Attaché in Portugal and OC WP Cmnd . He was an Honorary Colonel of The Cape Town Rifles ( Dukes ) between 1991 and 1992 .
Awards and decorations
Post Army career
He was recruited by the Royal Dutch Shell Oil company at retirement from the Army to the position of Chief of Security South Africa , where he served the remainder of his life espousing the principle of `` being the harder nut to crack '' . He succumbed to prostate cancer in Two Military hospital in 1992 .
References
South African generals
1930 births
1992 deaths
Military attachés
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
South African military personnel of the Border War
Mahdi Kheyl ( , also Romanized as Mahdī Kheyl ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 926 , in 219 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 1903 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1903 college football season . T. A. Giblin served in his first and only season as the team 's head coach .
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
Erigeron flagellaris is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common names trailing fleabane .
Erigeron flagellaris is widespread across much of western North America . It has been found in western Canada ( Alberta + British Columbia ) , the western United States ( primarily the Rocky Mountains and Intermountain regions ) and northern Mexico ( from Chihuahua east to Tamaulipas and south to Durango ) .
Erigeron flagellaris is a small perennial herb rarely more than 15 centimeters ( 8 inches ) in height . Most of the leaves are clustered around the base of the stems . The plant reproduces by means of stolons , which are horizontal stems running along the surface of the ground , forming new roots and shoots at frequent intervals . Thus the plant can form extensive mats of clones . Each stem usually produces only 1 flower head per stem , though occasionally 2 or 3 . Each head contains as many as 125 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets .
References
flagellaris
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1849
Major General Shakil Ahmed SPP , nswc , afwc , psc is a two-star general of the Bangladesh Army . As Major General he is currently the Director General of Boarder Guards Bangladesh ( BGB ) . Prior to this appointment , he served as Adjutant general of Army Headquarters . Before that he has served as the General Officers Commanding of 19 Infantry Division in ghatail .
Education
Ahmed completed his postgraduate education in National Security and War Studies , and Strategic Studies and Defense Studies .
Career
Ahmed was appointed as the director general to the Department of Immigration and Passports Office in September 2019 . He is the incumbent Chairman , Governing Body of Cadet Colleges . During his tenure at Army Headquarter as AG he signed a significant deal on ‘ Bangladesh Military Contingent Agreement 2021 ' with Kuwait Army Assistant Chief of Staff Major General Khaled AHHM Al Qadri . This deal will ensure Bangladesh Military Contingent would assist in Kuwait as part of Operation Rebuilding Kuwait ( ORK ) , which in Bengali is known as Operation Kuwait Punargathan ( OKP ) . On 18 February 2022 , he was appointed as Director General of Border Guards Bangladesh .
References
Bangladesh Army generals
Bangladeshi military personnel
Bangladeshi generals
1968 births
Living people
Director Generals of Border Guards Bangladesh
Al-Hait Football Club is a Saudi Arabian football team in Al Hait City playing at the Saudi Fourth Division .
References
External links
Al Hait Club at Kooora.com
Hait
Football clubs in Al Hait
1977 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Association football clubs established in 1977
The Chimp is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932 . It was directed by James Parrott , produced by Hal Roach , and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . The second half of the film is a reworking from their last silent film Angora Love ( 1929 ) , itself reworked into a short film the previous year , Laughing Gravy ( 1931 ) .
Plot
The comedy duo is working at the circus . They first appear in the Pantomime horse and then as assistants to Destructo , a strongman . The circus goes bankrupt after the Big Top is destroyed when Laurel and Hardy cause Destructo 's cannonball-catching act to go wrong . The circus ca n't pay them their wages so Oliver is given a gorilla called Ethel and Stanley a Flea Circus as a payoff . Despite the film 's title , Ethel is n't a chimpanzee . She is dressed in a ballet tutu and hat . Stanley and Oliver need to find a room to stay in overnight and they go to a guest house . The landlord gives them a room but refuses to let Ethel stay . A lion named MGM after the MGM lion has escaped from the circus . Stanley and Oliver try to smuggle Ethel into their room whilst avoiding MGM . They decide to leave Ethel outside for the night and go to bed . They sleep in the same bed as in all Laurel and Hardy films . Stanley falls out of bed and decides to sleep in the spare bed . Ethel climbs in through the window and gets into bed with Oliver . Ethel steals the blanket from Oliver so he decides to use the spare bed as well as Stanley . They both begin to itch and find that the flea circus has escaped into the bed . Another guest at the house puts some music on and Ethel begins to dance . The landlord has a wife called Ethel and when Oliver tells the gorilla to stop dancing the landlord thinks his wife is in the room with Stanley and Oliver . The landlord confronts Stanley and Oliver with a pistol . At the end , Ethel gets hold of the landlord 's pistol and begins to shoot , scaring everyone out of the room .
Cast
The Sons of the Desert
Chapters — called Tents — of The Sons of the Desert , the international Laurel and Hardy Appreciation Society , all take their names from L & H films . The Chimp Tent is in Cincinnati , Ohio .
References
External links
1932 films
1932 comedy films
American black-and-white films
Circus films
Films about apes
Films directed by James Parrott
Laurel and Hardy ( film series )
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by H. M. Walker
1930s American films
Alan `` Skip '' Moore ( born 1 January 1950 ) is a British musician who is best known as the third official drummer of heavy metal band Judas Priest . He played on their second album , Sad Wings of Destiny ( 1976 ) .
Moore was already active in the Birmingham rock , blues , folk and country scene , and played with numerous bands , including The Young Casuals , The Other Lot , The Outer Light , Gabriel Oak , Glad Stallion , Tendency Jones and Pendulum . He was first approached by the guitarist K. K. Downing and bass guitarist Ian Hill in 1971 , and joined in the early and unofficial phase of the newborn Judas Priest for a period of about a year , while Al Atkins was still the vocalist . He left in 1972 to join the Birmingham country rock band Sundance , with whom he recorded the album Rain , Steam , Speed ( 1974 ) , and the single `` Coming Down '' .
In 1975 , the drummer John Hinch left Judas Priest and Downing and Hill approached Moore again . For the second time , he joined the band , making him the only drummer in its history to have two separate stints . His first show after re-joining was in October 1975 at Slough College , London , during which the guitarist/backing vocalist Glenn Tipton introduced `` our new drummer Skip '' who `` only had a few hours of rehearsal '' . In 1976 , the band recorded the album Sad Wings of Destiny . Despite its success , Moore decided to leave again , only this time permanently .
Moore continued to play with numerous other bands and recording sessions . In 1981 , he signed to Ariola Records with the band R.P.M. , releasing two singles , `` Now That Summer 's Here '' and `` Lost In Space '' . After moving out of London , he continued to play with various `` scratch bands '' and session musicians . He later left music for a while and more or less faded into anonymity .
Over the years , several musical biographers , journalists , band members and fans had tried to trace him without success . In the official biography The Story of Judas Priest : Defenders of the Faith , the author Neil Daniels said that , at the time it was written , Moore was the only former member of the band he could not trace at all .
References
External links
English heavy metal drummers
English rock drummers
Judas Priest members
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Musicians from Birmingham , West Midlands
1950 births
Monteleone ( ) may refer to :
Monteleone ( surname ) , an Italian surname
Monteleone chariot , an Etruscan chariot
Hotel Monteleone , an hotel in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States of America
Places
Monteleone d'Orvieto , Italian comune
Monteleone di Calabria ( now Vibo Valentia ) , Italian comune
Monteleone di Fermo , Italian comune
Monteleone di Puglia , Italian comune
Monteleone di Spoleto , Italian comune
Monteleone Rocca Doria , Italian comune
Monteleone Sabino , Italian comune
Inverno e Monteleone , Italian comune
`` Square peg in a round hole '' is an idiomatic expression which describes the unusual
individualist who could not fit into a niche of their society .
The metaphor was originated by Sydney Smith in `` On the Conduct of the Understanding '' , one of a series of lectures on moral philosophy that he delivered at the Royal Institution in 1804–06 :
The Oxford English Dictionary has as its earliest citation Albany Fonblanque , England under Seven Administrations , 1837 , `` Sir Robert Peel was a smooth round peg , in a sharp-cornered square hole , and Lord Lyndenurst is a rectangular square-cut peg , in a smooth round hole . ''
English literature
The British novelist Edward Bulwer-Lytton published the metaphor in a late 19th-century book :
Music
`` A Square Peg in a Round Hole '' is the title song of the 1959 British war comedy film The Square Peg starring Norman Wisdom .
`` Square Peg in a Round Hole '' is also the name of an album by Apparatjik .
Godley and Creme in their title `` Wedding Bells '' ( 1981 ) are singing :
`` I 'm like a square peg in a round hole
I do n't belong here baby
do n't need a fanfare or a drum roll
to tell you baby
I do n't belong to you baby ''
Business management
This idiomatic expression has proven to be quite durable into the 21st century . It is used in a range of contemporary business-related circumstances ; and illustrative examples include :
`` As they say , you ca n't fit a square peg in a round hole . If your boss is like that round hole and you are that square peg , you are n't going to fit in unless you re-shape your edges . ''
-- Gini Graham Scott in A Survival Guide for Working with Bad Bosses : Dealing with Bullies , Idiots , Back-stabbers , and Other Managers from Hell ( 2005 ) .
Visual meaning
The idiomatic expression conjures a visual image , and this is evolving independently , e.g. ,
`` We intend to show that Israel needs a security process as well as a peace process .... To continue with the old diplomatic approach would be like hammering square pegs into round holes . '' -- Dore Gold
`` ... relating back to the title of the panel session , square peg in a round hole ; well , maybe , but sometimes you can force that peg in and make it stick . We seem to be somewhere between a feeling of cautious optimism and open-minded skepticism about the workability of disease management in fee-for-service Medicare . -- Bruce Steinwald , Director of Economics and Payment Issues in the Health Division at the U.S. General Accounting Office
Similar expressions
Sejong the Great of Korea commented , in 1443 , that using Chinese characters for Korean was “ like trying to fit a square handle into a round hole ” . He subsequently developed the Hangul phonetic alphabet .
There is a Chinese idiom `` 方枘圆凿 '' , or `` 方凿圆枘 '' , ( literally and respectively `` square tenon and round mortise '' and `` square mortise and round tenon '' ) that was originally derived from a line in the Verses of Chu ( Chu ci ) 楚辭 ) , composed in the Warring States period ( ended 221 BC ) , in which the poet Song Yu writes : `` 圆凿而方枘兮，吾固知其龃龉而难入。 '' The Han Dynasty historian Sima Qian and Tang Dynasty historian 司馬貞 used the same expression in their historical writings too . It is still widely used today to mean two things that do n't fit together due to different qualities , characters or abilities .
Literal cases
Dutch settlers in northeastern North America sometimes actually pounded square-cut pegs into round holes when building in the 1800s .
A common method of securing the steel rail of railway track into timber sleepers is to drive a square-cut dogspike into a pre-drilled round hole .
During the Apollo 13 space mission , an oxygen tank explosion left the Command Module Odyssey uninhabitable . Using the Lunar Module Aquarius as a lifeboat , the crew evacuated into the lunar module for the rest of the trip to the Moon and back to Earth . Among the problems they had to solve was that the carbon dioxide scrubbers were being used up too quickly , being designed for the requirements of two astronauts for days , not three for four days . There were unused canisters in the command module , but those were cube-shaped and large , not cylindrical and small as in the lunar module . Ground Control put together a team with the objective to find a way to use only items available on the spacecraft to build something to make the control module canisters usable . Using plastic sample bags and cardboard from the log books covers as a funnel , the cabin air was pumped through the lithium hydroxide using a pressure suit hose , into a fan and then through a sock , which acted as the filter . The whole thing was held together with duct tape .
See also
Joseph Powell Williams
List of English-language idioms
Procrustean
Notes
References
Bulwer-Lytton , Edward . ( 1873 ) . Kenelm Chillingly , His Adventures and Opinions . London : Routledge . OCLC 220004649
Scott , Gini Graham , ( 2005 ) . A Survival Guide for Working with Bad Bosses : Dealing with Bullies , Idiots , Bback-stabbers , and Other Managers from Hell . New York : AMACOM ( American Management Association ) .
Wallace , Irving . ( 1957 ) The Square Pegs : Some Americans Who Dared to be Different . New York : Knopf .
English-language idioms
The 1960 Southern Jaguars football team was an American football team that represented Southern University in the 1960 NCAA College Division football season . In their 25th season under head coach Ace Mumford , the Jaguars compiled a 9–1 record ( 6–1 against SWAC opponents ) , finished in a three-way with and for the SWAC championship , and outscored all opponents by a total of 226 to 79 . The team played its home games at University Stadium in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
The team was selected by the `` Pigskin Huddle '' ratings of the Associated Negro Press ( ANP ) as the 1960 black college national champion . Southern finished ahead of second-place Florida A & M , third-place Grambling , and fourth place Prairie View . In selecting a national champion , the ANP noted that Southern 's strength of schedule , which included non-conference games against Florida A & M and , gave it the edge . Southern also received the W.A . Scott II Memorial Trophy as the national champion .
Quarterback Cyrus Lancaster was selected by the Pittsburgh Courier as the first-team quarterback on its 1960 All-America team . Lineman David Evans and halfback Robert Williams were selected to the second team .
Schedule
References
Southern
Southern Jaguars football seasons
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Black college football national champions
Southern Jaguars football
This is a list of Wisconsin synagogues including the city .
See also
List of Jewish communities by country
List of Jewish communities in North America
List of Yeshivas and Midrashas in Israel
References
Synagogue
Wisconsin
Synagogues
Marathon des Sables , or MdS , ( French for Marathon of the Sands , also known as Sahara Marathon ) is a six-day , ultramarathon , which is approximately the distance of six regular marathons . The longest single stage ( 2009 ) is long .
This multiday race is held every year in southern Morocco , in the Sahara Desert . It has been regarded as the toughest foot race on Earth . The first event of the Marathon started in 1986 .
History
The marathon was the brainchild of French concert promoter Patrick Bauer who in 1984 traversed the Sahara desert on foot and alone . He covered 350 km ( 214 mi ) in 12 days without encountering a single oasis or desert community along the way . Two years later in 1986 the first Marathon des Sables was run . Twenty-three runners participated in the race with Bernard Gaudin and Christiane Plumere , both of France , finishing as the winning man and woman .
By 2009 over 1,000 runners participated in the event and the Solidarité Marathon des Sables association was created . The aim is to develop projects to assist children and disadvantaged populations in the domains of health , education and sustainable development in Morocco .
In 2017 , two new Marathon des Sables events took place for the first time : the Half Marathon des Sables on Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands in September , and another full-length Marathon des Sables event in Peru in November .
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic the 2020 Marathon des Sables ( 35ème ) was postponed from 3–13 April to 18–28 September , following a warning officially issued by the Ministry of the Interior of the Kingdom of Morocco as stated in the marathon 's official website . It was eventually cancelled .
Winners
Notable participants
Moroccan brothers Lahcen and Mohamad Ahansal , who won 10 and 6 editions respectively , Mohamad also being 7 times second behind his brother .
Mauro Prosperi , former Olympian from Sicily , entered the race in 1994 but was set 299 km off route by a harsh sand storm . He was lost for 10 days before being found in Algeria , following a well-publicized search of the desert .
In 1994 René Nevola , Mike Stroud , Mike Lean and Richard Cooper became the first British runners to complete the Marathon des Sables . René Nevola was the first Briton to complete the race and finished in 22nd place .
Marco Olmo , Italian ultratrail specialist , ran all editions since 1996 , with the best placement 3rd ( achieved three times ) . At the 2013 edition , Olmo was 64 years old , and he was 47 when he ran his first .
Chris Moon from Lanarkshire became the first amputee to complete the Marathon des Sables in 1996 . Moon had lost his right arm and leg while supervising the clearing of landmines in Mozambique .
Dima and Lama Hattab , Jordanian twins who were the first female Middle Eastern participants in the race in 2001 .
Jack Osbourne entered in 2006 but quit early on in the second stage . He was running as part of his Jack Osbourne : Adrenaline Junkie TV series .
Luis Enrique Martínez García ( known as Luis Enrique ) , Spanish former professional footballer , and former manager of FC Barcelona , completed the marathon in 2008 .
James Cracknell , British rower and adventurer , competed in the 2010 race and became the highest placing Briton to ever compete in the race , finishing 12th until fellow Briton Danny Kendall placed 5th in 2014 . In 2017 Tom Evans became the first Briton to finish in the first three , finishing third overall .
Explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes became the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables in 2015 , at age 71 . In doing so he raised over £1million for the Marie Curie charity .
Preet Chandi , completed the Marathon des Sables in 2019 . A British-born Sikh army officer , she became the first woman of colour to complete a solo expedition to reach the South Pole on 3 January 2022 .
Cactus became the first dog to compete the Marathon des Sables in 2019 . Cactus , a stray dog , started joining in with the runners during the second stage of the race and then went on to complete the remaining stages of the race . Cactus was awarded the official race number 000 and received his finishers medal .
Bibliography
Ted Archer : Carved by god , cursed by the devil – a true story of running the Sahara Desert . Redwood City CA , University of Dreams Foundation 2009 .
Patrick Bauer ... [ et al . ] : Le Marathon des Sables . Paris , SPE ( Société de production éditoriale ) 2000 . ( English version by David Waldron ) .
John Bonallak : The desert run . Wellington , New Zealand , Learning Media Ltd. 1999. .
Steve Cushing : 24th Marathon des Sables – a competitor 's tale . Leicester UK , Matador 2010 , .
Guy Giaoui ; Foued Berahou : Ultramarathon stage racing - from our experiences of the Marathon des Sables , the Trans Aq ' , and other races - a practical guide . St-Genest-Malifaux , Raidlight 2008. .
Mark Hines : The Marathon des Sables - seven days in the Sahara - enduring the toughest footrace on earth . London , Health Body Publishing 2007 . ( hbk. ) . ( pbk . 2010 ) .
Marcel Nickler : Running the Sahara - a diary from the desert and beyond , BoD ,
Monika Nicolle : Histoire d'un Marathon des Sables – 245 kilomètres dans le désert ... Paris , Éditions de l'Onde 2010. .
Eddy Poirier : Vaincre soi-même : Marathon des Sables ! Toute une histoire . [ S.l . ] , Glob 2009. .
Pierre-Emmanuel Rastoin : Regard sur le Marathon des Sables : 2004/06 . Biarritz , SAI 2007. .
Herbert Meneweger : Marathon des Sables - die Grenze ist , wo die Vorstellungskraft endet - der härteste Marathonlauf der Welt , 243 Kilometers durch die Sahara . Anthering AUT , Meneweger 2003. .
Mike Stroud OBE . ( re-issued 2004 ) . Survival Of The Fittest : Understanding Health and Peak Physical Performance .
Dr Dan Tunstall Pedoe : Marathon Medicine . 2001 , page 186. .
Notes
External links
Official website of the Marathon des Sables
Pictures of the Marathon des Sables from Rob Plijnaar , competitor in 2008
Documentary on the 14th Marathon des Sables by Les Guthman
Multiday races
Ultra-Trail World Tour
Recurring sporting events established in 1986
Athletics in Morocco
Trail running competitions
1986 establishments in Morocco
Corydoras leopardus , the leopard cory , is a catfish very similar to , and often confused with , the three line cory , Corydoras trilineatus . The most obvious differences are that C. leopardus has a longer , more pointed snout than C. trilineatus , and C. leopardus grows larger than C. trilineatus .
References
Corydoras
Fish described in 1933
Michael Kuffer ( born 16 March 1972 ) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union ( CSU ) who served as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 2017 to 2021 .
Political career
Kuffer became a member of the Bundestag in the 2017 German federal election , representing the Munich South constituency . He was a member of the Committee on Home Affairs and the Committee on the Environment , Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety . In this capacity , he serves as his parliamentary group 's rapporteur on emergency management .
He narrowly lost his seat to the Greens at the 2021 German federal election .
Other activities
German Red Cross ( DRK ) , Member
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1972 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Politicians from Munich
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Essex County Fairgrounds is a historic county fair located at Westport in Essex County , New York . The fairgrounds include 15 contributing buildings , one contributing site , and seven contributing structures . Four of these , the Grandstand , Judge 's Stand , Floral Hall , and Racetrack , were among the original resources on the site when the fair opened in 1885 . The Cooperative Extension Building was built about 1923 and is a two-story , rectangular , Colonial Revival style building with an octagonal cupola .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 .
References
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Colonial Revival architecture in New York ( state )
Buildings and structures in Essex County , New York
Tourist attractions in Essex County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County , New York
Nyama County , Queensland is one of the 318 counties of Queensland , Australia .
The county came into existence in the 19th century , and on 8 March 1901 , the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897 .
Like all counties in Queensland , it is a non-functional administrative unit , that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles . From 30 November 2015 , the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands , Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes .
References
Counties of Queensland
John de Bridport was the Archdeacon of Totnes during 1207 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Yacine Hamza ( born 18 April 1997 ) is an Algerian cyclist , who currently rides for Emirati club team Dubai Police Team .
Major results
2015
1st Road race , Arab Junior Road Championships
2016
5th Critérium International de Sétif
7th Overall Tour International de Constantine
1st Young rider classification
2017
1st Road race , National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Team time trial , Arab Road Championships
1st Stages 2 & 4 Tour d'Algérie
2nd Overall Grand Prix International de la ville d'Alger
1st Stage 4
2018
1st Road race , National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Stage 4 Tour International de la Wilaya d'Oran
2nd Road race , Arab Road Championships
2nd Road race , National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour d'Algérie
1st Young rider classification
7th Overall Grand Prix International de la ville d'Alger
1st Young rider classification
1st Stage 3
2019
1st Overall Tour des Aéroports
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Stage 4 Grand Prix Chantal Biya
2nd Road race , African Under-23 Road Championships
3rd Road race , Arab Road Championships
5th Road race , African Games
7th Road race , African Road Championships
Challenge du Prince
8th Trophée Princier
10th Trophée de la Maison Royale
10th Overall Tour of Kayseri
2020
3rd Grand Prix Manavgat–Side
2021
Tour du Faso
1st Points classification
1st Stage 6
1st Stage 4 Tour of Mevlana
3rd Time trial , National Road Championships
2022
1st Grand Prix Tomarza
3rd Grand Prix Develi
4th Time trial , National Road Championships
6th Grand Prix Justiniano Hotels
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Algerian male cyclists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
African Games competitors for Algeria
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Algeria
21st-century Algerian people
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
20th-century Algerian people
1918 in Argentine football saw Racing Club de Avellaneda win its 6th . consecutive league title , remaining unbeaten at the end of the season .
In international football Argentina won three minor championships .
Primera División
Defensores de Belgrano debuted in Primera after promoting last year , while Argentino de Quilmes and Ferro Carril Oeste ( which was also expelled from the Association ) were relegated .
Lower divisions
Intermedia
Champion : Eureka
Segunda División
Champion : San Fernando
Domestic cups
Copa de Honor Municipalidad de Buenos Aires
Champion : Independiente
Final
Copa de Competencia Jockey Club
Champion : Porteño
Final
Copa Ibarguren
Champion : Racing Club
Final
International cups
Tie Cup
Champion : Wanderers
Final
Copa de Honor Cousenier
Champion : Peñarol
Final
Copa Dr. Ricardo C. Aldao
Champion : Racing Club
Final
Argentina national team
Titles
Copa Lipton 1918
Copa Newton 1918
Copa Premier Honor Argentino 1918
Results
References
Seasons in Argentine football
James Humphrey ( October 9 , 1811June 16 , 1866 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York .
Born in Fairfield , Connecticut , Humphrey pursued classical studies under his father Heman Humphrey . He was graduated from Amherst College in 1831 . He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar and practiced .
He moved to Louisville , Kentucky , in 1837 and one year later to Brooklyn , New York .
Humphrey was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-sixth Congress ( March 4 , 1859 – March 3 , 1861 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1860 to the Thirty-seventh Congress and for election in 1862 to the Thirty-eighth Congress .
Humphrey was elected to the Thirty-ninth Congress and served from March 4 , 1865 , until his death in Brooklyn , New York , June 16 , 1866 .
He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the Navy ( Thirty-ninth Congress ) .
He was interred in Greenwood Cemetery .
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office ( 1790–1899 )
References
External links
1811 births
1866 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Amherst College alumni
Lawyers from Fairfield , Connecticut
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Hongwŏn County is a county in South Hamgyŏng province , North Korea . It is flanked by the Sea of Japan ( East Sea of Korea ) to the south , and by the Hamgyŏng Mountains to the north .
Physical features
The northwest region is particularly mountainous . The highest peak is Palbong . The chief streams are the Tongdaech'ŏn ( 동대천 ) and Sŏdaech'ŏn ( 서대천 ) . The coastal region is level . The temperature differs greatly from the coastline to the plains to the mountains . The mountains contribute to giving the county a mild climate .
Administrative divisions
Hongwŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp ( town ) , 4 rodongjagu ( workers ' districts ) and 27 ri ( villages ) :
Economy
Agriculture and fishery
The chief local occupation is agriculture . Local crops include rice , soybeans , millet , oats , and potatoes . However , fisheries are also developed , particularly along the coast .
Mining
There is a small amount of mining , exploiting local deposits of gold , silver , limestone , fluorspar , and scaly graphite .
Transport
The county is served by road and rail . Hongwŏn Station is on the P'yŏngra line of the Korean State Railway .
Notable people from Hongwon County
Rikidozan ( Real Name : Kim Sin-rak ; Korean : 김신락 ) , Zainichi Korean professional wrestler
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
South Hamgyong
External links
References
Counties of South Hamgyong
Carenum brevicolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1894 .
References
brevicolle
Beetles described in 1894
Herbert Chikomba ( born 18 May 1995 ) is a Zimbabwean first-class cricketer . He was part of Zimbabwe 's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Sportspeople from Mashonaland East Province
Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari is a safari park in Djursland on the peninsula of Jutland , Denmark . The safari park is the home of more than 800 animals of 80 species from 5 different continents . This popular tourist attraction offers its guests a comprehensive insight in the life and behaviour of animals from Europe , Africa , North America , South America and Asia .
History
The zoo was founded in 1991 by Frans Kilde Hansen and was named Ebeltoft Dyrepark . Ebeltoft Dyrepark was sold 1993 to Lars Thye and the name was changed to Ebeltoft Zoo . Merete and Henrik Elsass bought the zoo 1998 and changed the name to Ebeltoft Zoo & Safari . In 2006 the zoo was bought by Karsten Ree , and the zoo got its present name .
In 2007 Ree Park became member of DAZA and EAZA .
Description
Welfare of wild animals in captivity is a key value in the vision of the park . This is why all the different species of the park live in surroundings tailored to meet their special needs and instinctive behaviour . The American black bears , for example , have access to both tall trees and lakes in order to facilitate their natural climbing and swimming behaviour . Similarly , the cheetahs live in a hilly bush savannah where these fast predators can spot e.g . antelopes in a different area of the park . This architectural feature of the park evokes instinctive hunting behaviour in the cheetahs even though the animals do not have access to their prey . In their natural African habitat , cheetahs often observe the savannah from hills and rocks enabling them to find their prey from a long distance .
Focus on endangered species
Apart from offering its guests exciting wildlife experiences during the opening season , a major priority of Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari is an extensive focus on endangered species . And as a member of EAZA ( European Association os Zoos and Aquaria ) , the park has made important achievements within the EEP ( European Endangered Species Programme ) . In 2007 , 9 cheetahs were born in the park . This important contribution to species conservation made Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari one of the largest centres for cheetahs in Northern Europe . Other examples of successful EEP work include the reintroduction of the endangered European bison into the wild , the breeding of the very rare sand cat , and promising work with the endangered African wild dog , one of the world 's most endangered carnivores .
Notes
External links
Zoos in Denmark
Tourist attractions in the Central Denmark Region
Bacalao is an album by saxophonist Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis with organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1959 for the Prestige label .
Reception
The Allmusic review states , `` Organ combo soul-jazz was still new and fresh in 1959 , and Scott was helping Davis find new ways to interpret very familiar melodies . Although not quite essential , Bacalao is a rewarding example of Davis ' ability to thrive in an organ/tenor setting '' .
Track listing
`` Last Train From Overbrook '' ( James Moody ) – 5:07
`` Sometimes I 'm Happy '' ( Vincent Youmans , Irving Caesar ) – 6:23
`` That Old Black Magic '' ( Harold Arlen , Johnny Mercer ) – 5:02
`` Fast Spiral '' ( Davis ) – 4:35
`` Dobbin ' with Redd Foxx '' ( Moody ) – 5:29
`` Come Rain or Come Shine '' ( Arlen , Mercer ) – 4:54
`` Dansero '' ( Lee Daniels , Richard Hayman , Sol Parker ) – 5:33
`` When Your Lover Has Gone '' ( Einar Aaron Swan ) – 6:23
Personnel
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis – tenor saxophone
Shirley Scott – organ
George Duvivier – bass
Arthur Edgehill – drums
Ray Barretto – bongos
Luis Perez – bongos , congas
References
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis albums
1960 albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Prestige Records albums
Shirley Scott albums
Plagiobothrys canescens is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name valley popcornflower . It is endemic to California , where it is a common wildflower in valley , foothill , desert , coastline , and canyon habitat in the central and southern regions of the state .
Plagiobothrys canescens is an annual herb with a spreading or erect stem 10 to 60 centimeters in length . The leaves are located in a basal rosette about the base of the stem , with smaller ones located along the stem 's length . The plant is coated in long , rough hairs and sometimes bristles . It is purple-edged and -veined and leaks purple juice when crushed . The inflorescence is a series of tiny flowers and hairy bracts . Each five-lobed white corolla measures 2 to 3 millimeters wide . The fruit is a rounded , arched nutlet no more than 2 millimeters long textured with cross-ribs .
References
External links
Jepson Manual eFlora ( TJM2 ) treatment of Plagiobothrys canescens
Plagiobothrys canescens Photo gallery
canescens
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the California desert regions
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Central Valley ( California )
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
7475 aluminum alloy ( Adirium ) is a wrought alloy with high zinc weight percentage . It also contains magnesium , silicon and chromium .
7475 alloy can not be welded . It has more spring back because of its strength . It has high machinability .
Chemical composition
Properties
Applications
Shell casings
Aircraft
References
External links
https : //www.suppliersonline.com/propertypages/7475.asp
https : //www.suppliersonline.com/propertypages/7475.asp
https : //www.makeitfrom.com/material-properties/7475-AlZn5.5MgCuA-Aluminum
https : //www.efunda.com/Materials/alloys/aluminum/show_aluminum.cfm ? ID=AA_7475 & show_prop=all & Page_Title=AA % 207475
Aluminium alloys
Papyrus 34 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , designated by 𝔓34 , is a copy of the New Testament in Greek . It is a papyrus manuscript of the Pauline epistles , it contains 1 Cor 16:4-7.10 ; 2 Cor 5:18-21 ; 10:13-14 ; 11:2.4.6-7 . The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 7th century .
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type . Aland placed it in Category II .
It is currently housed at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek ( P. Vindob . G. 39784 ) in Vienna .
See also
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
Carl Wessely , Studien zur Paläographie und Papyruskunde XII , ( Leipzig 1912 ) , p. 246 .
Ellwood M. Schofield , The Papyrus Fragments of the Greek New Testament , Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , Louisville , 1936 , pp . 246–252 .
External links
GA Papyrus 34 . Center for the Study of New Testament Manuscripts
New Testament papyri
7th-century biblical manuscripts
Biblical manuscripts of the Austrian National Library
First Epistle to the Corinthians papyri
Second Epistle to the Corinthians papyri
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cleveland County , Oklahoma .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cleveland County , Oklahoma , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a map .
There are 24 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 1 National Historic Landmark . Two properties were once listed , but have since been removed .
Current listings
| }
Former listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Cleveland County
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Kentucky , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1792 , Kentucky has participated in every U.S. presidential election . Prior to the election of 1792 , Kentucky was part of Virginia , and residents of the area voted as part of that state .
Winners of the state are in bold .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War .
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country . The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote . It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes ( Andrew Jackson ) did not become President , a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters , who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain .
Elections from 1792 to 1820
In the election of 1820 , incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed , winning all twelve of Kentucky 's electoral votes , and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire . To the extent that a popular vote was held , it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President .
See also
Elections in Kentucky
Notes
References
The Writers ' & Artists ' Yearbook is an annual directory for writers and illustrators which offers creative and practical advice on how to give your work the best chance at success . It is published in the UK each July , alongside the Children 's Writers ' & Artists ' Yearbook . The Yearbook contains 100 articles covering every aspect of the publishing world and the paths which creatives can follow to gain entry into it , and over 4,500 named industry contacts including agents , publishers , media companies and societies .
In 2007 , an associated website , www.writersandartists.co.uk , was launched which now includes additional articles , interviews and resources as well as a community forum to connect users . The brand also runs events and masterclasses and offers a series of editorial services including manuscript reviews and edits , consultations and mentoring .
As well as the annual Yearbooks , Writers & Artists also publish a series of companion guides which dive deeper into specific areas of publishing . There most recent titles include Guide to Getting Published , Guide to Self-Publishing , Guide to How to Hook an Agent , Guide to Writing for Children and YA , Guide to How to Write , The Organised Writer and The Right Word . Writers on Writing will be published September 2021 .
History
First published in 1906 , by Adam & Charles Black , the original Writers ' & Artists ' Yearbook was an 80-page booklet , costing one shilling . It gave details of seven literary agents and 89 publishers . Articles offering advice first appeared in the 1914 yearbook . It has been published on an annual basis since , expanding over time to include information for illustrators , and to adapt to the changing digital landscape of the publishing industry and the rise of self-publishing . A & C Black became part of Bloomsbury Publishing in 2000 and Bloomsbury now publishes the entire collection of Writers & Artists titles and companion guides .
In 2004 , Bloomsbury launched the Children 's Writers ' and Artists ' Yearbook that includes articles and advice specifically focused on the children 's book market . It contains articles from a diverse array of successful children 's authors across different genres , mediums and age ranges , as well as contact details tailored to the children 's publishing industry .
In 2007 , Writers & Artists launched an associated website . Initially this was only accessible to anyone purchasing the print edition . In 2009 , the website was relaunched and now includes freely available blogs , articles , interviews and a community platform , as well as paid for content which is additional to what can be found in the Yearbook . From 2013 , the website featured a section dedicated to self-publishing . The website was relaunched in 2021 .
In 2013 Writers & Artists began publishing companion guides alongside the annual Yearbooks focusing on specific areas of writing and publishing .
The Yearbook is now in its 114th year and remains the number one bestselling guide for aspiring writers and illustrators .
Sections and listings
The yearbook is divided into the following sections :
Newspapers and magazines – writing and pitching ; regional , national and overseas , syndicates and news agencies
Books – the publishing process , inspiring writers and writing advice ; regional , national and overseas publishers , audio publishers , book packagers and book clubs
Poetry – publication and performance ; publishers and societies
Screen and audio – film , television , audiobooks and podcasts ; production companies
Theatre – publication , adaptation , reviews and performance ; production companies
Literary agents – purpose , choice and submission ; UK , Ireland and overseas agents
Art and illustration – illustration and photography , portfolios and freelancing ; agents , commercial studios and card and stationery publishers
Societies , prizes and festivals – associations and clubs , prizes and awards and literary festivals
Self-publishing – pathways , publication and hybrids ; book sites , blogs , podcasts , services and providers
Resources for writers – editing , blogging , indexing , software and glossaries ; courses , libraries and writers ' retreats
Copyright and libel information – copyright and licensing
Finance for writers and artists – earnings , income tax and national insurance .
Children 's Writers ' & Artists ' Yearbook
The Children 's Writers ' & Artists ' Yearbook follows the same structure and includes the same type of information as the original yearbook but is specific to the children 's publishing industry . The term `` children 's '' incorporates everything from baby board books to young adult fiction . Advice unique to the children 's edition includes topics such as the business of picture books , writing to read aloud , how to deal with difficult topics , creating diverse stories , what is 'age appropriate ' , reinventing classic stories , series fiction and pseudonyms , compelling non-fiction , creating comics and graphic novels , writing for reluctant readers and visiting schools .
The current edition of the Children 's Yearbook is the 2022 edition . Highlights include insights and advice from Michael Morpurgo , Sarah Crossan , Jacqueline Wilson , Lauren St John , Kiran Millwood Hargrave , Sophie McKenzie , Holly Bourne , Liz Pichon and Quentin Blake , as well as a range of publishing professionals and experts .
Other Writers ' & Artists ' titles
The Writers ' & Artists ' Guide to Getting Published by Alysoun Owen
The Writers ' & Artists Guide to Writing for Children and YA by Linda Strachan
The Writers ' & Artists Guide to How to Hook an Agent by James Rennoldson
The Writers ' & Artists ' Guide to Self-Publishing
The Writers ' & Artists Guide to How to Write by William Ryan
The Organised Writer by Antony Johnston
The Right Word : A Writer 's Toolkit of Grammar , Vocabulary and Literary Terms
Writers on Writing : A Book of Quotations
Writers & Artists website
The Writers & Artists website brings together information and advice for aspiring writers alongside additional services and a community hub . Blog posts include interviews with writers , guest posts from industry professionals , top tips and reading lists which include books , videos and podcasts . The self-publishing page is an offshoot of the main website dedicated entirely to presenting users with all of the available self-publishing options and guiding them along the various pathways . The community hub allows users to create a profile , post questions and answers , and share their work for feedback and give feedback to others . Users earn points for their activity which can be converted into rewards including a free book , free attendance at a Bloomsbury event and discounts for Writers and Artists events . Through the website users can also sign up for events and masterclasses , and access editorial services including manuscript reviews and mentoring .
Other Writers & Artists services
Events and courses
Events are hosted by industry professionals , include masterclasses , courses and literary lunches with agents from across the UK , and span an afternoon , evening or entire day . Topics range from the broad , such as submitting a manuscript and advanced fiction writing to the more specific , such as writing villains or historical fiction .
Editorial services
Writers & Artists offer four stages of editorial review : the opportunity to submit your questions to a literary agent , a full review and edit of your manuscript , a masterclass on how to submit your manuscript and a clinic appointment with a literary agent to boost your chances of success . All advisors involved are experienced professionals with long and diverse careers .
Competitions
Writers & Artists run regular competitions where prizes range from free books to places on writing retreats . Their annual Short Story Competition invites entrants to submit a short story of no more than 2,000 words and offers a place on an Arvon residential writing retreat to the winner .
See also
Arvon Foundation
References
External links
Writers & Artists website
Directories
1906 establishments in the United Kingdom
Handbooks and manuals
Yearbooks
Publishing
A & C Black books
St Augustine 's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Darlington , County Durham . The church was built in 1827 to a design by Ignatius Bonomi , was enlarged and remodelled by Joseph Hansom in 1865 , and is a Grade II listed building .
References
Grade II listed churches in County Durham
Roman Catholic churches in County Durham
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1827
Grade II listed Roman Catholic churches in England
1827 establishments in England
Churches in Darlington
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Pawnee Township is a township in Platte County , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Platte County , Missouri
Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Retribution :
HMS Retribution was a 32-gun fifth rate launched in 1782 as . Her crew mutinied and handed her over to the Spanish in 1797 . After her capture in 1799 she was renamed HMS Retaliation , and then HMS Retribution in 1800 . She was broken up in 1805 .
HMS Retribution was a convict hulk launched in 1799 as the 74-gun third rate . Edgar was converted into a convict hulk in 1813 , renamed HMS Retribution in 1814 and broken up in 1835 .
was a wooden paddle frigate built as HMS Watt , but renamed HMS Retribution before her launch in 1844 . She was sold in 1864 .
was an protected cruiser launched in 1891 and sold in 1911 .
Royal Navy ship names
Edward George Robey ( 1900 – 1983 ) born Edward George Wade , was an English barrister . He was best known for his role as the Chief Prosecutor in the John George Haigh case and for becoming a member of the British legal team at the Nuremberg war trials . He was appointed a Metropolitan Magistrate in 1954 . He was the first child and only son of the music hall comedian George Robey .
Life and career
Robey was born in St John 's Wood , London and was the first of two children of the music hall comedian George Robey and his wife , the musical theatre actress Ethel Haydon . From an early age , Edward showed some talent for the stage and appeared in a few minor roles as a child but gave up acting in his teenage years . He was educated at Westminster School , London and then Jesus College , Cambridge where he studied law . He furthered his studies under the barrister Edward Marshall Hall , who sponsored him when he came to the bar in 1925 .
Robey changed his surname from Wade at the start of his professional career in honour of his father and continued to use it for the rest of his life . Robey 's first major law assignment was as the Chief Prosecutor in the trial of John George Haigh , a serial killer who was subsequently hanged in 1949 . Soon after , Robey became a member of the British legal team at the Nuremberg war trials and was later appointed a Metropolitan Magistrate in 1954 .
References
Bibliography
1900 births
People educated at Westminster School , London
Alumni of Jesus College , Cambridge
Members of Gray 's Inn
English barristers
Stipendiary magistrates ( England and Wales )
1983 deaths
20th-century British lawyers
20th-century English lawyers
Louis Theodor Weichardt ( 21 May 1894 – 26 October 1985 ) was a South African political leader , born in Paarl of German extraction , who founded the Greyshirts , a Nazi organization .
In Cape Town , on 26 October 1933 , he founded the South African Christian National Socialist Spider Movement with a paramilitary section ( modeled on Nazi Germany 's brown-shirted Sturmabteilung ) called the Gryshemde or Grayshirts . He was Interned during World War II , and afterward worked with Oswald Pirow 's New Order . Disbanding his party in 1948 , Weichardt gave his allegiance to Daniel François Malan 's National Party . He became senator from Natal Province from 1956 to 1970 .
References
Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890 edited by Philip Rees ( 1991 , )
Fascism : Comparison and Definition by Stanley G. Payne ( University of Wisconsin–Madison Press , 1980 , )
The South African Opposition 1939-1945 by Michael Roberts & A.E.G . Trollip ( Cape Town , 1947 )
External links
`` Vote for Louis Weichardt '' on the Simon Wiesenthal Center website
Louis Weichardt ; Greyshirt leader , 1937 newspaper photo on the Simon Wiesenthal Center website
1894 births
1985 deaths
People from Paarl
Afrikaner people
South African collaborators with Nazi Germany
South African Nazis
National Party ( South Africa ) politicians
Members of the Senate of South Africa
Davide Matteini ( born 11 May 1982 ) is an Italian footballer .
Career
Matteini started his career at Empoli .
Palermo
After loaned to Serie C1 and Serie C2 clubs , he was signed by Palermo in January 2003 , in joint-ownership bid , for €620,000 . He just played once for Palermo in Serie B .
Matteini then left on loan to Serie B and Serie C1 clubs . After he scored the career high in Serie B with 9 goals , he was loaned back to Empoli , which still hold half of his contractual rights . He played his first Serie A games against U.C . Sampdoria , 10 September 2006 . He played 19 starts in 2006–07 Serie A .
Parma
In June 2007 , Palermo got full contractual rights from Empoli for €330,000 , but sold to Parma F.C . in join-ownership in August 2007 for €0.9 million . The deal offset the installment payments of 2006 signing of Mark Bresciano and Fábio Simplício . Parma also signed Igor Budan and Francesco Parravicini from Palermo earlier in July . He was signed by Vicenza on 31 January 2008 along with Ascoli winger Giampietro Perrulli . Matteini made 14 starts in the second half of 2007–08 Serie B .
Rimini
In January 2009 , he left for Rimini for €1 million ( nominal value ) from Parma , with Palermo retained 50 % registration rights . Parma also got Francesco Lunardini ( €1 million ) and Daniele Vantaggiato ( €1.9 million ) from Rimini as part of the deal . Rimini reached the promotion playoffs in 2009–10 Lega Pro Prima Divisione but lost it . In June 2010 Palermo gave up to remain 50 % registration rights but the Rimini soon bankrupted .
Late career
Matteini remained in the third division in 2010–11 season for Cosenza . However the team also bankrupted and Matteini joined Reggiana .
In October 2013 Matteini was signed by Tuttocuoio .
In January 2014 goes to Viareggio , while in September goes to San Paolo Padova in Serie D .
Savona - Teramo matchfixing
On August 20 , 2015 the player earned 3 years and 6 months ban for sports fraud by Italian Federation 1st degree judges . He allegedly participated in the matchfixing of Savona - Teramo and then bet on the match result .
References
External links
Davide Matteini on Tuttocalciatori.net
Italian footballers
Empoli F.C . players
A.S. Gualdo Casacastalda players
Palermo F.C . players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Calcio Padova players
F.C . Crotone players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
L.R . Vicenza players
Rimini F.C . 1912 players
Cosenza Calcio players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
A.C. Tuttocuoio 1957 San_Miniato players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Livorno
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from Tuscany
John Augustin Daly ( July 20 , 1838June 7 , 1899 ) was one of the most influential men in American theatre during his lifetime . Drama critic , theatre manager , playwright , and adapter , he became the first recognized stage director in America . He exercised a fierce and tyrannical control over all aspects of his productions . His rules of conduct for actors and actresses imposed heavy fines for late appearances and forgotten lines and earned him the title `` the autocrat of the stage . '' He formed a permanent company in New York and opened Daly 's Theatre in New York in 1879 and a second one in London in 1893 .
Biography
Augustin Daly was born in Plymouth , North Carolina to Captain Denis Daly , a sea-captain and shipowner , and Elizabeth , daughter of Lieutenant John Duffy of the British Army . He was educated at Norfolk , Virginia , and in the public schools of New York City . His mother , early left a widow , brought her two boys to New York City , where they soon became frequent attendants at the theaters and were members of amateur groups , which under such names as the `` Burton Association '' or the `` Murdoch Association '' were the precursors of the Little Theatre Movement .
He was a dramatic critic for several New York papers from 1859 , and he adapted or wrote a number of plays , Under the Gaslight ( 1867 ) being his first success . In 1869 he became the manager of the Fifth Avenue Theatre on 24th St. and in 1873 the Fifth Avenue Theatre on 28th . In 1879 he rebuilt and opened Daly 's Theatre at Broadway and 30th Street in New York , and , in 1893 , Daly 's Theatre in London .
At the first of these , he gathered a company of players , headed by Ada Rehan , which made for it a high reputation , and for them he adapted plays from foreign sources , and revived Shakespearean comedies in a manner before unknown in America . He took his entire company on tour , visiting England , Germany and France , and some of the best actors on the American stage have owed their training and first successes to him . Among these were Clara Morris , Sara Jewett , John Drew , Jr. , Maurice Barrymore , Fanny Davenport , Agnes Ethel , Maude Adams , Mrs. Gilbert , Tyrone Power , Sr. , Ada Dyas , Isadora Duncan , Maud Jeffries and many others . Daly 's willingness to , as he put it , `` stoop to the curb and bestow upon the low , untried actor a chance at greatness '' earned him the nickname `` Little Man Auggie '' among his peers . His play Leah the Forsaken , adapted from Hermann Salomon Mosenthal 's Deborah , was a star vehicle for Margaret Mather .
His Shakespeare productions were often severely criticized by George Bernard Shaw , who was active as a drama critic during those years . Shaw took Daly to task for cutting Shakespeare 's plays and for presenting them in unorthodox ways . ( Shaw was a strong believer in presenting Shakespeare 's plays uncut . ) Several of Shaw 's criticisms of Daly 's Shakespeare productions were reprinted in the anthology Shaw on Shakespeare .
In 1894 , he was awarded the Laetare Medal by the university of Notre Dame , considered the most prestigious award for American Catholics .
Daly was a great book-lover , and his valuable library was dispersed by auction after his death , which occurred in Paris . Besides plays , original and adapted , he wrote Woffington : a Tribute to the Actress and the Woman ( 1888 ) .
Dora Knowlton Ranous , a onetime actress in the Daly company , published a 1910 memoir of her experiences entitled Diary of a Daly Débutante .
Notable works
Under the Gaslight ( 1867 ) is an example of Daly 's mixture of realism and melodrama , seen in the authenticity of his depiction of real locations and in his use of social commentary . The play introduced the now-clichéd device of the villain tying someone to railroad tracks , although in a reversal of the usual roles it was the hero who was tied up and the heroine who saved him . In the book Vagrant Memories , the author , William Winter recalls how Daly came up with the device . He says : `` He once told me under what circumstances he hit upon this device . He was walking home toward night , thinking intently about the play which he had begun to write , when suddenly the crowning expedient occurred to him and at the same instant he stumbled over a misplaced flagstone , striking his right foot against the edge of the stone and sustaining a severe hurt . `` I was near my door , '' he said , `` and I rushed into the house , threw myself into a chair , grasping my injured foot with both hands , for the pain was great , and exclaiming , over and over again , ' I 've got it ! I 've got it ! And it beats hot-irons all to pieces ! '' I was n't even thinking of the hurt . I had the thought of having my hero tied on a railroad track and rescued by his sweetheart , just in the nick of time , before the swift passage of an express train across a dark stage .
A Flash of Lightning ( 1868 ) , like Under the Gaslight , is pure melodrama , with water and fire spectacles providing action scenes and special effects for its eager audiences .
Horizon ( 1871 ) is an adaptation of a Bret Harte story about the westward expansion of the States ; it is an example of the popularity of western drama , coupled with Daly 's interest in realism of the local color variety , although it remains melodramatic .
Divorce ( 1871 ) and Pique ( 1875 ) , both adaptations of British novels , demonstrate Daly 's attempts to create social comedy , although the plays remain somewhat melodramatic .
See also
Webster v. Daly
Brady v. Daly
References
Sources
Autograph letters signed from Miriam Coles Harris to Augustin Daly ( 1885 ) Google Books
Further reading
Archival materials
Collection of letters and papers of Augustin Daly , held by the Folger Shakespeare Library : 33 boxes , call numbers : Y.c.2602-3099 , Y.c.4000-5378
Correspondence of Augustin Daly and Joseph F. Daly and documents serving for memoirs , 1858-1899 , held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division , New York Public Library for the Performing Arts : 9 boxes , call number : * T-Mss 2001-251
portrait of Augustin Daly ( North American Theatre Online , Alexander Street )
External links
American theatre managers and producers
Writers from North Carolina
1838 births
1899 deaths
People from Plymouth , North Carolina
Laetare Medal recipients
19th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American theater critics
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
American male dramatists and playwrights
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American businesspeople
Eupelicini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae . Eupelicini contains 7 genera and over 60 species divided into two subtribes : Eupelicina and Paradorydiina .
Genera
There are 7 described genera divided into two subfamilies :
Subtribe Eupelicina
Eupelix
Subtribe Paradorydiina
References
Deltocephalinae
Hemiptera tribes
Michael Ratzon ( , born 21 September 1952 ) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Likud in 1996 and again from 2003 until 2006 .
Biography
Born in Petah Tikva , Ratzon gained an LLB and an MA in law from Bar-Ilan University , before working as an attorney .
For the 1992 Knesset elections he was placed 35th on the Likud list , but the party won only 32 seats . However , he entered the Knesset on 10 March 1996 as a replacement for the deceased Ariel Weinstein . Three months later he lost his seat following the May 1996 elections .
For the 2003 elections he was placed 20th on the Likud list , and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats . Whilst an MK he served as a member of several committees ; the House Committee , the Finance Committee , the Constitution , Law and Justice Committee , the Public Petitions Committee , and was a member of the Parliamentary Inquiry Committee for Uncovering Corruption in the Government System . On 5 March 2003 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Industry , Trade and Labour , but was sacked by Ariel Sharon in October 2004 for voting against the Gaza disengagement plan .
Prior to the 2006 elections he was placed 33rd on the Likud list , and lost his seat when the party won only 12 mandates .
During Yisrael Katz 's term as transportation minister , Ratzon was appointed as the chairman of NTA , which is responsible for the Tel Aviv Light Rail project .
Personal
Married to Dr. Navah Ratzon , father of five : Eshbal , Re'em , Oded , Anva and Ofri , and grandfather of two : Reshit and Niv .
References
External links
1952 births
People from Petah Tikva
Bar-Ilan University alumni
Israeli lawyers
Living people
Likud politicians
Members of the 13th Knesset ( 1992–1996 )
Members of the 16th Knesset ( 2003–2006 )
was the 9th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province , Honshū , Japan ( modern-day Aomori Prefecture ) . His courtesy title , initially Dewa-no-kami , was later raised to Saikyo Daiyu and Jujū , and his Court rank was Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade .
Biography
Tsugaru Yasuchika was the eldest son of Tsugaru Akitaka , the 5th lord of Kuroishi , a 4000-koku hatamoto holding created for the second son of Tsugaru Nobuhira , the 2nd daimyō of Hirosaki . Nobuhira was married to a daughter of Ishida Mitsunari ; however , for political reasons after the establishment of the Tokugawa shogunate , he found it expedient to reduce her to concubine status and to marry an adopted daughter of Tokugawa Ieyasu instead . Nevertheless , the son of his first wife , Tsugaru Nobuyoshi remained his heir , which resulted in an O-Ie Sōdō by supporters of the son by his second wife , Tsugaru Nobufusa . The shogunate ruled in favour of Nobuyoshi , and the Kuroishi holding was created for Nobufusa and his descendants .
When Tsugaru Nobuakira , the 8th daimyō of Tsugaru Domain died without heir in 1791 , Yasuchika was posthumously adopted into the main Tsugaru house as his successor , and the Kuroishi holding was turned over to his Yasuchika 's eldest son . He was received in formal audience by shōgun Tokugawa Ienari the same year .
Yasuchika implemented many of the reforms initiated by Nobuakira to restore prosperity to the disaster-prone domain , including having many of his samurai turn to part-time farming to maintain their revenues . In 1796 , he established a Domain academy called the Keikokan . The domain was struck by a large earthquake and tsunami in 1793 .
In 1805 , the Shogunate charged Tsugaru Domain with the responsibility of maintaining the security of a portion of Ezo , an area considered loosely at the time to encompass present-day Hokkaidō , Karafuto and the southern Kurile Islands . In return , the kokudaka of the domain were increased to 70,000 koku . The kokudaka of the domain was further increased to 100,000 koku in 1808 , and in 1809 Kuroishi was raised to a full han status . Yasuchika also received a promotion in court rank from Junior Fifth to Junior Fourth rank .
However , the increase in revenue was far less than the expense of dispatching troops and maintaining garrisons in the wide expanses of the northern islands , and increases in local taxation led to widespread peasant revolts by 1813 . Yasuchika received a promotion in his courtesy title in 1820 to honorary chamberlain ( Jujū ) . The promotion incensed the samurai of Tsugaru 's rivals , the Nanbu clan of Morioka Domain , which cumulated in the Sōma Daisaku Incident of 1821 , in which a Nanbu samurai attempted to assassinate Yasuchika .
In 1825 , Yasuchika turned rule of the domain over to his second son and went into retirement , spending his time writing haiku poetry . He died at the domain 's Edo residence in 1833 . His grave is at the clan temple of Shinryō-in ( a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji ) in Taitō-ku , Tokyo .
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
Koyasu Nobushige ( 1880 ) . Buke kazoku meiyoden 武家家族名誉伝 Volume 1 . Tokyo : Koyasu Nobushige . ( Accessed from National Diet Library , July 17 , 2008 )
Kurotaki , Jūjirō ( 1984 ) . Tsugaru-han no hanzai to keibatsu 津軽藩の犯罪と刑罰 . Hirosaki : Hoppō shinsha .
Narita , Suegorō ( 1975 ) . Tsugaru Tamenobu : shidan 津軽為信 : 史談 . Aomori : Tōō Nippōsha .
Tsugaru Tsuguakira Kō Den kankōkai ( 1976 ) . Tsugaru Tsuguakira kō-den 津輕承昭公傳 . Tokyo : Rekishi Toshosha
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia .
External links
`` Hirosaki-jō '' ( February 17 , 2008 )
`` Tsugaru-han '' on Edo 300 HTML ( February 17 , 2008 )
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1765 births
1833 deaths
Hatamoto
People of Edo-period Japan
Psebay ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement ) in Mostovsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia . Population : 10,404 ( 2020 ) ,
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Re-Animated is a television film that aired on Cartoon Network on December 8 , 2006 . It was the first original production on the genre for the network . It was released on DVD on September 11 , 2007 , and serves as a pilot for the follow-up series Out of Jimmy 's Head , which premiered on September 14 , 2007 .
The film 's animation was produced by Renegade Animation , which previously produced Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi for Cartoon Network .
Plot
Middle school student Jimmy Roberts is often taken advantage of by his peers . During his class trip to Gollyworld , an amusement park themed around animated cartoon characters created by the deceased animator Milt Appleday , Jimmy misses out on many of the attractions . The popular students then , on the suggestion of Jimmy 's best friend Craig , tell Jimmy to search for Appleday 's frozen brain in the ride `` Tux 's Arctic Adventure '' . Jimmy unwillingly goes there bumps into Milt 's middle-aged , clumsy son Sonny , who is attempting to retrieve the brain . Jimmy quickly flees and accidentally runs onto the path of another oncoming attraction : `` Crocco 's Train '' . He is sent to an on-premises hospital , where Milt 's brain is transplanted into his head . He survives the operation with his personality intact , but he can now see all of Appleday 's characters in real life , while no one else can .
With the help of his crush , Craig 's sister Robin , Jimmy learns that Sonny unwittingly ruined the characters ' popularity through his own ideas . When Jimmy is hired as the new president of Appleday Pictures , replacing Sonny , mascot character Golly Gopher believes Jimmy can quickly make him a star again . With Milt 's creativity and imagination , Jimmy becomes immensely popular but no longer has time for school or his friends .
Meanwhile , Sonny deceives Jimmy 's father into letting him rent out a room in Jimmy 's house . Sonny has dinner with the Roberts family while scheming to remove Milt 's brain from Jimmy 's head . He devises a plan to modify Crocco 's Train to include several dangerous devices that will decapitate Jimmy . However , he yells this plan out loud , and Yancy , Jimmy 's alien sister , catches on .
Robin attempts to point out to Jimmy that the cartoons are taking advantage of him , but he denies this . He leaves for his television debut , and Sonny takes her hostage . At the studio , Jimmy tells Golly that being the president of Appleday Studios has n't gotten him what he really wanted . Furious , Golly scolds him for being a pushover . Jimmy realizes Robin was right and denounces his position as president on-air . He then finds out Sonny has tied Robin to the train tracks . Golly apologizes for his anger and temporarily changes Jimmy into a cartoon `` Knight in shining armor '' . Jimmy goes inside the train and destroys the engine , saving Robin . Jimmy dresses up as Milt to momentarily distract Sonny by appealing to his affection for his father . Yancy teleports Jimmy to safety . Robin and Jimmy return to Craig 's house , and they mend their friendship . However , since the partygoers there were watching Jimmy 's announcement and saw him talk about the importance of friendship over popularity , they leave .
In an epilogue , while Jimmy is leaving for school , Sonny almost succeeds at extracting Jimmy 's brain with a crane-like device but misses .
Cast
Live-action cast
Dominic Janes as Jimmy Roberts , a student who has an animator 's preserved brain transplanted into his head , enabling him to experience and interact with visions of cartoon characters .
Matt Knudsen as Sonny Appleday , the scheming son of the late Milt Appleday , who is determined to claim his father 's brain for himself .
Bil Dwyer as Ken Roberts , Jimmy and Yancy 's father .
Eunice Cho as Robin Yoshida , Craig 's sister and Jimmy 's crush .
Micah Karns as Craig Yoshida , Robin 's brother and Jimmy 's best friend .
Rhea Lando as Yancy Roberts , Jimmy 's adopted older sister from an alien planet .
Rachel Quaintance as Louisa Roberts , Jimmy and Yancy 's mother .
Tom Kenny as Appleday Board Member .
Fred Willard as Milt Appleday , a deceased animator who founded Appleday Pictures and created the characters Jimmy sees . He is loosely based on animator Walt Disney .
Stephanie Courtney as Donna .
Voice cast
Paul Reubens as Golly Gopher , an energetic gopher and Milt Appleday 's most famous character . He is loosely based on Disney character and mascot Mickey Mouse .
Ellen Greene as Dolly Gopher , Golly 's female counterpart and love interest . She is loosely based on Disney character Minnie Mouse .
Tom Kenny as Tux , a penguin who enjoys performing stand-up comedy despite his inability to tell jokes . He is loosely based on Disney character Donald Duck .
Brian Posehn as Crocco , a bumbling but outgoing alligator . He is loosely based on Disney character Goofy .
Two nonverbal cartoon characters , Prickles and Pickles ( a porcupine and a pickle , respectively ) , also appear . They are loosely based on Tom Cat and Jerry Mouse , stars of the Tom and Jerry animated franchise .
Songs
`` Re-Animated '' ( Johnny Colt )
`` The Meat Song '' ( Jared Forber )
`` The Party Song '' ( Matt Crocco )
`` Mittens ' Revenge '' ( Johnny Colt )
`` Pure '' ( Superchick )
`` Today '' ( Joshua Rodin )
`` My Only Friend '' ( Ronnie Day )
`` The Love Song '' ( Matt Crocco )
`` K.I.T . '' ( Johnny Colt )
`` Closer '' ( Joshua Rodin )
`` I Hope Tomorrow is Like Today '' ( Guster )
`` Cha Cha '' ( Chelo )
`` It 's On '' ( Superchick )
`` Greatest Day '' ( Bowling for Soup )
`` Yr. My Ringo '' ( The Face of Hans )
`` Jimmy Hides '' ( Sherman Foote )
Reception
The film was given two out of five stars by Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media called it a `` brain-swap tale [ that ] will have tweens ' eyes rolling '' .
References
External links
Re-Animated at the Big Cartoon DataBase
2006 television films
2006 films
American films with live action and animation
Cartoon Network television films
Cartoon Network franchises
American children 's animated comedy films
Television films as pilots
Brookwell McNamara Entertainment films
Cartoon Network original programming
Cryonics in fiction
Psychedelic films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Pyrgomatidae is a family of barnacles belonging to the order Balanomorpha .
Genera
The following genera are members of the family Pyrgomatidae :
Subfamily Ceratoconchinae Newman & Ross , 1976
Ceratoconcha Kramberger-Gorjanovic , 1889
†Eoceratoconcha Newman & Ladd , 1974
Subfamily Megatrematinae Holthuis , 1982
Adna Sowerby , 1823
Megatrema Sowerby , 1823
Memagreta Ross & Pitombo , 2002
Pyrgomina Baluk & Radwanski , 1967
Subfamily Pyrgomatinae Gray , 1825
Ahoekia Ross & Newman , 1995
Arossella Anderson , 1993
Australhoekia Ross & Newman , 2000
Cantellius Ross & Newman , 1973
Cionophorus Ross & Newman , 2001
Creusia Leach , 1817
Darwiniella Anderson , 1992
Eohoekia Ross & Newman , 1995
Galkinius Perreault , 2014
Hiroa Ross & Newman , 1973
Hoekia Ross & Newman , 1973
Neopyrgoma Ross & Newman , 2002
Neotrevathana Ross , 1999
Nobia Sowerby , 1839
Parahoekia Ross & Newman , 1995
Pyrgoma Leach , 1817
Pyrgopsella Zullo , 1967
Pyrgospongia Achituv & Simon-Blecher , 2006
Savignium Leach , 1825
Trevathana Anderson , 1992
References
Barnacles
Peter William McBride ( July 9 , 1875 – July 3 , 1944 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball . He pitched in one game for the Cleveland Spiders in 1898 and then was transferred to the St. Louis Perfectos before the 1899 season along with most of the Spiders ' better players . He pitched in 11 games for the Perfectos , ending his major league career .
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Cleveland Spiders players
St. Louis Perfectos players
Bangor Millionaires players
Belfast Pastimes players
Taunton Herrings players
Manhattan Jaspers baseball players
Springfield Ponies players
Springfield Maroons players
Baseball players from Massachusetts
1875 births
1944 deaths
19th-century baseball players
People from Adams , Massachusetts
Simple Kaur Bhumrah ( born 20 March 1986 ) is an Indian weightlifter . She won the silver medal in the Women 's +75 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games . She has acted in Oye Jassie .
Television
Oye Jassie ( 2013 )
References
Living people
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Indian female weightlifters
1986 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
West Coast Park is a park located at the south-westernmost corner of Queenstown in Singapore . It runs parallel to West Coast Highway . The park covers an area of roughly 50 hectares .
Description
Covering an area of , West Coast Park is bounded by West Coast Highway to the north , and by Harbour Drive and the Straits of Singapore to the south , and is divided into two parts by West Coast Ferry Road .
History
First planned in the mid 1970s , the development of West Coast Park began in 1977 . Constructed with the assistance of two Japanese experts and sited on reclaimed land in Pasir Panjang , the park was envisioned as a smaller version of East Coast Park , and was to be developed in two phases . The first phase of development comprised a freshwater lake , open spaces , a playground , and an area for picnics and barbeques , while the second phase entailed the further development of the open spaces . In addition , a park extension between West Coast Road and Pasir Panjang Road was developed by the early 1980s .
In the early 1980s , the Singapore Armed Forces Display and Singapore International Kite Festival were held at the park annually , but it was not seen as a desirable destination by the general public , which The Straits Times attributed to the park having little to offer . Subsequently , the Parks and Recreation Department announced plans to upgrade the park for over in September 1984 , proposing to add jogging and cycling facilities , along with benches and shelters with unique designs . The upgrading works , which also added a pond , flower beds and an open space for kite flying , were completed by 1986 , and cost about . In addition , a boat storage facility was proposed to houseboats parked along the shore in the park , but plans were shelved in November 1985 due to reduced demand , with boat owners allowed to park their boats along a long section of the park instead . Subsequently , in response to complaints from the public regarding the presence of boaters ' huts in the park , boat owners were ordered to move to Tuas by the Port Of Singapore Authority in June 1989 . In July 1987 , the Republic of Singapore Yacht Club announced plans to build a marina in the park , and plans to build a marsh garden at the park 's western end were announced in September 1988 . Comprising a pond ringed by mud flats and wetland vegetation , and expected to cost , the garden was intended to serve as a feeding and breeding spot for native and migratory birds .
Several facilities in the park were relocated to facilitate the construction of Pasir Panjang Terminal in the 1990s , while a section of the park was cleared to make way for an access road to the terminal . In addition , in 1995 , the Parks and Recreation Department announced plans to redevelop the park after the completion of land reclamation works for Pasir Panjang Terminal . Intended to give the park a maritime theme , the redevelopment scheme entailed the addition of an observation tower designed after a lighthouse and a maritime walk . The park was closed for redevelopment in 1998 , and reopened two years later upon the completion of the first phase of redevelopment . Costing , this phase comprised the addition of a sand play area , barbeque pits , a marsh garden , and a playground , Singapore 's largest at the time . The Straits Times noted that the park 's popularity increased after the revamp , while the second phase of redevelopment started in 2001 .
Community Efforts
The Marsh Garden within the park has undergone a rejuvenation project , which was launched in conjunction with Earth Day 2008 on 22 April 2008 . The 1-hectare garden was home to 15 species of birds and 10 species of plants . A collaboration with the public , private and people sectors , partners in this project include Shell Oil Company , National Parks Board ( NParks ) , nature enthusiasts and residents in the South West district . A total of 200 new saplings was planted in phases to rejuvenate the biodiversity of the mangrove habitat .
Facilities
The facilities at the park include the Adventure Play Area , a playground equipped to cater to children of multiple age groups , barbeque pits , a campsite , and a marsh garden . In addition , the Grand Lawn , a open space in the park , has been identified by the National Parks Board for kite flying , while the park also incorporates a McDonald 's restaurant , a dog run , and a bicycle obstacle course .
See also
List of parks in Singapore
References
External links
West Coast Park
National Parks Board , Singapore
Interactive Virtual Tour of the West Coast Park
Parks in Singapore
Quitman High School may refer to :
Quitman High School ( Arkansas ) , in Quitman , Arkansas
Quitman County High School , Georgia
Quitman High School ( Louisiana ) , in Quitman , Louisiana
Quitman High School , in Quitman School District , Mississippi
Quitman High School ( Texas ) in Quitman , Texas
See also
Quitman School District
Marj is a city in Libya .
Marj may also refer to :
Places
Marj , Iran , a village in Kerman Province
Marenj , also Romanized as Mārj , a village in Kurdistan Province , Iran
Marj , Lebanon , a village in tha Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon
Marj District , a district of Libya
People
Frequently short for Marjorie .
Marj Carpenter ( 1926–2020 ) , American reporter and Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) , the church 's top position
Marj Dusay ( 1936–2020 ) , American actress
Marj Heyduck ( 1913–1969 ) , American newspaper reporter , columnist and editor and radio show host
Marj Mitchell ( 1948–1983 ) , Canadian curler
Fictional characters
Marj Brasch , on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street
See also
Marjorie
Marge ( disambiguation )
Hypocorisms
Lists of people by nickname
English-language feminine given names
William Wall ( March 20 , 1800 – April 20 , 1872 ) was an American businessman , banker , and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from New York during the American Civil War .
Biography
Born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Wall received a limited schooling . He was trained as a rope maker by his brother in law and worked as a journeyman . In 1822 Wall moved to Williamsburg , now part of Brooklyn , New York , where he established himself as a cordage manufacturer .
Early political career
Wall became a Whig and served in village offices in Williamsburg , including trustee , commissioner of highways , member of the board of finance , and commissioner of waterworks . He served as mayor in 1853 and was one of the leaders of the successful movement for Williamsburg to merge with Brooklyn .
Business career
He was one of the incorporators of the Williamsburg Savings Bank and served as its president . Wall was also one of the founders of the Williamsburg City Bank ( later the First National Bank ) and the Williamsburg Dispensary .
Congress
Wall was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-seventh Congress and served one term , March 4 , 1861 – March 3 , 1863 . He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1862 .
Later career and death
During the war Wall was consulted by Abraham Lincoln and members of the Lincoln administration concerning operation of the Brooklyn Navy Yard ; they also sought his advice on financial issues pertinent to the wartime operation of the federal government .
He served as delegate to the National Union Convention in 1866 .
Wall died in Brooklyn on April 20 , 1872 and was interred in Green-Wood Cemetery , Section 56 , Lot 9802 .
Legacy
His rope making company remained in business under the management of his sons , and in 1930 celebrated its 100th anniversary .
The Honorable William Wall is the floating clubhouse of the Manhattan Sailing Club , and was named in his honor .
References
External links
Retrieved on 2009-04-24
1800 births
1872 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
People of New York ( state ) in the American Civil War
New York ( state ) Whigs
Politicians from Philadelphia
People from Williamsburg , Brooklyn
19th-century American businesspeople
American bankers
Mayors of places in New York ( state )
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
Taylor Winterstein is an Australian-Samoan online influencer known for her public anti-vaccination stance . Winterstein has been heavily criticised in several South Pacific , and Australasian countries for her anti-vaccination rhetoric and her seminars have been called `` irresponsible '' by the Australian Medical Association and a `` public health threat '' by the Samoan Ministry of Health . She claims she has not encouraged non-vaccination , rather , `` informed consent '' and `` freedom of choice '' .
Personal life
Winterstein was born in Australia , and her hometown is Campbelltown , a suburb of Sydney , Australia . She married Australian rugby league player Frank Winterstein in 2013 . The couple have two children and in late 2019 the family moved to Toulouse , France for two years .
Her relationship with her husband , who previously played in the NRL , has allowed her to gain a substantial following as a social media influencer . She has said that there is a `` strong core group '' of anti-vaxxers in the NRL , but during the 2020 NRL season the Gold Coast Bulletin reported this was not the case as `` most of the anti-vax players said they were n't really anti-vax but were still getting around to it '' .
Online influencer
Winterstein brands her website and internet influence business as the `` Tay 's Way Movement '' . As of December 2019 , she had over 22,000 Instagram followers . Winterstein claims : `` I know for a FACT there are MANY high profile , 'influencers ' on social media among the sport and wellness industry , who do not vaccinate their children but wo n't publicly share their beliefs . ''
Online , Winterstein offers opinions on nutrition , medicine , home births , and the alleged dangers of 5G radiation and of vaccinating children . In one of her online programs ( `` An Hour of Power with Tay '' ) , she asks her followers to `` explore different options on how to build your child 's immune system naturally '' . In March 2019 , Instagram placed restrictions on her account and her social media accounts were restricted by Facebook in a crackdown to prevent dangerous and misinformed anti-vaccination messages . Winterstein 's online group of followers have a history of online abuse toward journalists who report unfavourably on her .
In 2019 , The Australian newspaper suggested that Winterstein is getting traction with her health messages `` because she 's a WAG - the wife of an NRL player '' . Her current business 'Tay 's Way Moment ' was established in 2017 , before this Winterstein operated a business called 'Taylor 'd Tans ' .
Anti-vaccination activism
Winterstein says that the `` mainstream media constantly slander , dehumanise and degrade '' anti-vaccine `` footy wags '' such as her . Despite having no degree or qualifications , she claims she has done her `` own research on vaccines '' on the internet , and that she had `` vaccinated '' her son `` at least six times a day with breastmilk '' . Due to her belief that vaccinations cause allergies , Winterstein prefers to call herself an `` ex-vaxxer , '' and has chosen not to vaccinate her two boys , aged 10-months and 3-years old .
In 2018 , Winterstein was selected as the `` Australian face '' and ambassador of the second tour of the anti-vaccination film Vaxxed . British anti-vaccination campaigner Polly Tommey , one of the producers of the film , announced Winterstein and her twin sister Stevie Nupier would be the `` glamorous , young , intelligent women to take on and lead the people of Australia '' . Winterstein said : `` I 've dedicated years into my own vaccine research , meeting with politicians , connecting with practitioners and listening to parents '' .
Winterstein urges parents to question the safety of childhood vaccinations and says parents are being bullied and pressured by GPs to give their children vaccinations . She says she is a `` big believer that you do not need a qualification to know how to critically think for yourself '' .
Melbourne surgeon John Cunningham , who was awarded an Order of Australia for his work promoting vaccinations , said Winterstein represented the `` sinister version of the modern mumtrepreneur '' . He said her efforts to hitch onto the anti-vaccination crowd were morally corrupt . Brad McKay , a Sydney GP , accuses her of propagating rumours and anti-science information .
Royal Australian College of General Practitioners president Harry Nespolon suggested asking parents who they should turn to for health advice : `` I would be asking people , who would they trust more with their child , their local doctor or a WAG '' . He also welcomed Twitter 's plans to limit the impacts of misleading health information such as that disseminated by Winterstein . The treatments Winterstein recommends for curing measles showed an `` utter absence of understanding of virology , pharmacology and biochemistry '' according to UQ virologist Ian Mackay .
During the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic Winterstein said the outbreak was a `` planned scam '' , adding that the government was using the outbreak as a pretext to force vaccinations on adults , saying `` they 're already socially programming us to accept mass vaccination for when the time comes '' . She has also posted that receiving the flu vaccine increases the risk of contracting coronavirus by 36 per cent , a statement that has been proven to be false .
Involvement in 2019 measles epidemic in Samoa
Samoan health officials and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) blame unqualified figures such as Winterstein and the anti-vaccination movement for a decline in immunisation rates , which in turn caused the 2019 measles epidemic to be more severe and deadly . Winterstein blamed the Samoan government for the epidemic as she claims it did not distribute vitamin A tablets to those who contracted the illness .
At the time Samoa had one of the lowest vaccination rates in the world . During the vaccination crisis in June 2019 , just months before the measles outbreak , Winterstein met with fellow anti-vaxxer Robert Kennedy Jr. in Samoa . Winterstein hails Kennedy as a hero , and of him has said : `` I am deeply honoured to have been in the presence of a man I believe is , can and will change the course of history '' . US vaccine specialist and paediatrician Peter Hotez criticised the anti-vax movement targeting the small country saying : `` We 're going to see them continue this predatory behaviour , identifying communities , Island nations even whole countries in order to drive down vaccination coverage , so it 's a very serious threat now to global public health . ''
Nikki Turner , director of the Immunisation Advisory Centre at the University of Auckland accused the anti-vaccine movement of ramping up their activity in Samoa when the vaccination rates had dropped , particularly on social media . She said : `` Anti-vaxxers arrive in big numbers when there are concerns and lack of trust and the core of the problem that is happening in Samoa is lack of trust , lack of trust in vaccines in health service delivery . ''
Australian Medical Association New South Wales president Kean-Seng Lim criticised Winterstein 's planned anti-vax workshop tour to Samoa saying : `` To go to a third world country , to spread this in third world countries , is just irresponsible '' . `` When you have a country which is full of small villages , it 's actually hard to get out there and vaccinate people , and if you have someone who is making it even harder still , that makes it harder '' , he said .
Samoan Ministry of Health Director-General Take Naseri described Winterstein 's planned anti-vaccination seminar `` Making Informed Choices '' in Apia as a `` public health threat '' . It was cancelled after the government backlash , but she continued to campaign online . Winterstein claimed she was not encouraging non-vaccination , but rather , `` informed consent , freedom of choice and vaccine injury awareness '' .
Medical experts warned that the deadly measles outbreak in Samoa is a sign of the expansion of an increasingly predatory anti-vaccination movement .
A measles outbreak was declared on 16 October and led to the Samoan government declaring a state of emergency on 15 November 2019 and to the introduction of an emergency mandatory vaccination strategy . Under the emergency measures children and adults were obliged to vaccinate , while kindergartens , schools and the university were closed , and unvaccinated pregnant women were barred from attending work . With assistance from overseas , the government began a mass vaccination campaign . To assist in the mass vaccination measures , Samoa 's prime minister decreed that citizens `` tie a red cloth or red flag in front of their houses and near the road to indicate that family members have not been vaccinated '' .
After the outbreak , the anti-vax activists doubled-down on social media , and the Samoan government met resistance from anti-vaxxers to its emergency strategy , notably from Winterstein . Helen Petousis-Harris , a vaccinologist at the University of Auckland , condemned those anti-vaxxers involved saying : `` In a sense it 's a pro-death movement '' , adding that `` We 've got children dying and people are actively trying to stop people becoming vaccinated , and that vaccination is what 's going to prevent more deaths . ''
Winterstein likened the emergency mandatory vaccination strategy introduced after the outbreak to Nazi Germany , saying Samoa is `` in violation of the Nuremberg Code '' by enforcing mandatory immunisation , and posted a # NaziSamoa hashtag on social media . On social media she also said : `` Facism [ sic ] is well and truly alive in Samoa '' , also noting `` ambulances doing drive-bys to find children who are unvaccinated '' . Winterstein claimed Samoan children infected with measles were making a full recovery after using `` simple and effective protocols '' adding that `` the media are still trying to rubbish and debunk '' . She was critical of the current medical treatment of antibiotics and acetaminophen being given , recommending vitamin A tablets for those with measles instead . Immunologist Nikki Turner said vitamin A could be used as part of treatment , but it is no cure .
The Samoan Government ordered anti-vaccination advocates such as Winterstein to stop discouraging people from seeking vaccination , with the Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi suggesting imprisonment for anti-vaccination advocates . Samoa 's Attorney-General Lemalu Hermann Retzlaff also warned against discouraging the vaccinations . He said `` Samoan Law enforcement is open to receiving notice , complaints , or evidence of any person ... discouraging or going as far as preventing our community from vaccination '' .
On 6 December , Samoan anti-vaxxer , Edwin Tamasese , was charged with `` incitement against a government order '' . Winterstein supports the traditional healer as a `` true hero '' calling him the `` hero on the ground '' .
As of late December , there were 83 deaths and 5,700 confirmed cases of measles out of a Samoan population of 201,000 . Almost three per cent of the population had been infected . The majority of those who had died were children under the age of five and infants .
Workshops and life-coaching programs
Winterstein is a self-proclaimed `` Integrative Nutrition Health Coach '' , and runs workshops such as `` Making Informed Choices '' which costs A $ 200 per person . She promotes scepticism about vaccinating children while raising fears about so-called `` vaccine injuries '' . In an attempt to counter the Australian state and federal no-jab , no-play laws , the workshops also canvass anti-vaxxer parents ' options for daycare and preschool . Winterstein has been critical of those who say they can not afford the workshop entry fee , suggesting to followers ; `` if a money block is coming up for you , I invite you to explore that a little deeper and reflect on those limiting beliefs . ''
Winterstein also presented at the 2019 Canberra Vaccination Conference , an anti-vaccination event , alongside other renowned anti-vaxxers such as Judy Wilyman and Michael O'Neill from Informed Medical Options Party ( IMOP ) , an Australian anti-vax/anti-fluoridation political party .
In 2019 , Winterstein had planned tours of Samoa , New Zealand and Australia , but the Samoan and New Zealand legs of the tour were cancelled with Winterstein blaming `` organised groups ... working hard to sabotage '' her . An online petition was organised to stop Winterstein 's tour of New Zealand .
Alfa PXP Royale
Winterstein used her website to sell Alfa PXP Royale ( PXP ) , ground-up purple rice grown in Thailand . The website for the company that produces PXP , Enzacta , claims several health benefits for their product , including that it can help with pain , migraines , autism , improve eyesight and wrinkles . Other unsubstantiated medical claims have been made regarding PXP , including that it neutralises free radicals , incorrectly claimed to be the root of cancer , heart disease , Alzheimer 's , stroke and diabetes . Melbourne surgeon John Cunningham said PXP was essentially ground-up rice that might as well come from a kitchen pantry , saying : `` I do n't think giving people like that false hope and making money from it is acceptable . ''
Winterstein sold PXP for up to $ 1000 a kilogram , whereas purple rice , which is the same as black rice , can be purchased from supermarkets for around $ 10 a kilogram . Customers could get a discount on PXP if they signed up to sell the product , also giving them the prospect of bonuses and luxury rewards . Enzacta , the company behind PXP , lists its office as a postbox in Wyoming , USA which is also a depot for hundreds of other businesses . An Enzacta salesperson in New Zealand stated it was a multi-level marketing company .
In March 2019 , Winterstein announced that she was no longer selling PXP to focus on her workshops . Following a report on Winterstein by the Australian television program A Current Affair , the product was removed from sale from her website .
See also
2019 Tonga measles outbreak
Measles resurgence in the United States
Vaccination
Jeanette Wilson ( also PXP promoter )
2019 in Oceania
References
External links
Tay 's Way Movement website
'Why My Baby ? ' : How Measles Robbed Samoa of Its Young - The New York Times , 19 December 2019
1989 births
Living people
5G conspiracy theorists
Australian anti-vaccination activists
Australian conspiracy theorists
Australian health activists
Australian people of Samoan descent
COVID-19 conspiracy theorists
Rugby league players wives and girlfriends
Social media influencers
Tuimavave family
Federico Agustín Moreira Guarino ( born 23 July 1993 ) is a Uruguayan cyclist , who most recently rode for Uruguayan amateur team CC Cerro Largo . His brother Mauricio Moreira is also a cyclist .
Major results
2012
1st Time trial , National Under-23 Road Championships
3rd Time trial , National Road Championships
2014
1st Time trial , National Under-23 Road Championships
3rd Time trial , National Road Championships
2015
1st Time trial , National Under-23 Road Championships
9th Overall Vuelta del Uruguay
1st Young rider classification
2016
1st Time trial , National Road Championships
2017
1st Time trial , National Road Championships
9th Time trial , Pan American Road Championships
2018
2nd Time trial , National Road Championships
3rd Overall Vuelta del Uruguay
9th Time trial , Pan American Road Championships
2019
2nd Overall Rutas de América
1st Stage 6b
7th Overall Vuelta del Uruguay
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Uruguayan male cyclists
Monte Groppo Rosso is a mountain in Liguria , northern Italy , part of the Ligurian Apennines . It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Piacenza . It lies at an altitude of 1597 metres .
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Emilia-Romagna
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
Junior G-Men is a 1940 Universal film serial . It was Universal 's 116th serial ( and the 48th with sound ) of their total of output of 137 . The serial is one of the three serials starring `` The Dead End Kids and Little Tough Guys '' who were under contract to Universal at the time . The plot of Junior G-Men is a pre-World War II G-Man story about fifth columnists in the United States , with the FBI joining forces with youth to save the country .
Plot
A group of saboteurs called the `` Order of the Flaming Torch '' who are trying to undermine the `` social order '' of the United States kidnaps several prominent scientists , including Colonel Robert Barton , the father of Billy Barton , the leader of a group of young local street toughs .
When FBI Agent Jim Bradford investigates the mysterious disappearances , Billy is reluctant to help the authorities . Billy 's gang team up with the FBI and the youthful `` Junior G-Men '' , led by Harry Trent in order to stop the saboteurs .
The criminal gang led by a man called Brand , calls themselves `` The Order of the Flaming Torch '' . They are intent on destroying important military programs . The enemy agents become aware that they boys are on their trail and set a trap . When Billy and Harry are captured , they find a way to signal to their friends , and are rescued .
`` The Order of the Flaming Torch '' is after the inventor of a new aerial torpedo . Billy and Harry go to the local airfield and hide on one of the inventor 's aircraft . When the pilot is knocked out by one of Brand 's men , the boys struggle to regain control of the aircraft . Finally successful , Harry , a licensed pilot , takes over and flies to safety .
Learning that the enemy agents are holed up in an old warehouse where scientists including Colonel Barton is held , Billy and Harry try to free Barton , who has a secret formula for an explosive . Managing to send a message out from a radio room , the boys are saved when FBI agents overrun the warehouse . Billy is finally reunited with his father , and becomes a full-fledged member of the Junior G-Men .
Chapter titles
Enemies Within
The Blast of Doom
Human Dynamite
Blazing Danger
Trapped by Traitors
Traitors ' Treachery
Flaming Death
Hurled Through Space
The Plunge of Peril
The Toll of Treason
Descending Doom
The Power of Patriotism
Source :
Cast
Billy Halop as Billy Barton
Huntz Hall as Gyp
Gabriel Dell as Terry
Bernard Punsly as Lug
Ken Lundy as Buck
Kenneth Howell as Harry Trent
Roger Daniels as Midge
Phillip Terry as Jim Bradford
Russell Hicks as Colonel Robert Barton
Cy Kendall as Brand
Ben Taggart as Captain Severn
Victor Zimmerman as Al Corey , a thug
Edgar Edwards as Henchman Evans
Gene Rizzi as Henchman Foster
Florence Halop as Mary
Production
To bring the Junior G-Men to life on the big screen , Universal Studios enlisted the Dead End Kids , a group of on-screen young street toughs that later became known as The Bowery Boys . The Little Tough Guys were combined with the earlier group . The Dead End Kids appear above the title in two serials that were made : Junior G-Men ( 1940 ) and Junior G-Men of the Air ( 1942 ) .
Stunts
David Sharpe doubled Billy Halop as Billy Barton .
Reception
Reviewer Jerry Blake in The Files of Jerry Blake described as both pro-typical and , at the same time , conventional as a `` chapterplay '' , `` 'Junior G-Men ' contains much more action than some of its Universal contemporaries ; fistfights and chases figure prominently in most episodes , and give the serial a pleasantly fast-paced feel . Stuntmen Dave Sharpe ( who doubles Billy Halop ) and Ken Terrell inject plenty of energetic leaps and flips into the fistfights , while cinematographer Jerome Ash and directors Ford Beebe and John Rawlins film the chase sequences in fluid and exciting style . ''
See also
Junior G-Men of the Air
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Cline , William C . `` Filmography '' . , In the Nick of Time . Jefferson , North Carolina : McFarland & Company , Inc. , 1984 , .
Powers , Richard Gid . G-Men : Hoover 's FBI in American Popular Culture . Carbondale , Illinois : Southern Illinois University Press , 1983. .
Rainey , Buck . Serials and Series : A World Filmography , 1912–1956 . Jefferson , North Carolina : McFarland & Company , Inc. , 2010. .
Rosten , Leo . Hollywood The Movie Colony , The Movie Makers . New York : Harcourt , Brace and Co. , 1941. .
Weiss , Ken and Ed Goodgold . To be Continued ... : A Complete Guide to Motion Picture Serials . New York : Bonanza Books , 1973. .
External links
1940 films
1940s crime films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by John Rawlins
American crime films
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
Films about the Federal Bureau of Investigation
1940s American films
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday , November 7 , 1950 . All of the state 's executive officers—the governor , secretary of state , auditor , treasurer , and superintendent of public instruction—were up for election . The Republican Party swept all of the offices . Following Democratic governor Lester C. Hunt 's election to the U.S. Senate in 1948 , Republican secretary of state Arthur G. Crane had been acting as governor . Republican Congressman Frank A. Barrett was elected governor , and Republican candidates won the other statewide races .
Governor
Following Governor Lester C. Hunt 's election to the U.S. Senate in 1948 , Republican secretary of state Arthur G. Crane had been acting as governor . Crane declined to seek re-election , and Congressman Frank A. Barrett , the Republican nominee , defeated his congressional predecessor , John J. McIntyre , the Democratic nominee , for the Republican Party 's first gubernatorial victory since 1938 .
Secretary of state
Incumbent Republican secretary of state Arthur G. Crane had acted as governor starting in 1949 , when Governor Hunt was sworn into the U.S. Senate . Crane declined to run for re-election in 1950 . Accordingly , term-limited Republican state treasurer Doc Rogers ran to succeed him . He defeated State Senator Richard Luman in the Republican primary , and then faced Cheyenne mayor Ben Nelson , the Democratic nominee , in the general election . Despite the strong Republican performance across the state , Rogers only narrowly defeated Nelson . Ironically , just as Crane had acted as governor when Hunt was elected to the Senate , Governor Barrett would similarly be elected to the Senate in 1952 , elevating Rogers to the governorship .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Ben Nelson , Mayor of Cheyenne
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Doc Rogers , Wyoming State Treasurer
Richard J . `` Dick '' Luman , former state senator
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican state auditor Everett T. Copenhaver ran for re-election to a second term . He was challenged in the Republican primary by Sam Morgan , a state bank examiner , whom he handily defeated . Democrats did not seriously recruit a candidate to challenge Copenhaver , and political newcomer Robert Holland emerged as the nominee over attorney Leonard Schlather . Copenhaver easily defeated Holland , winning the largest margin of victory of any statewide candidate that year .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Robert W. Holland , political newcomer
Leonard H. `` Judge '' Schlather , attorney , 1948 Democratic candidate for the State House
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver , incumbent state auditor
Sam B. Morgan , senior bank examiner in State Examiner 's office
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican state treasurer Doc Rogers , unable to seek re-election , instead ran for secretary of state . A competitive Republican primary formed to replace him . State Representative J. Roy Mitchell ran against State Senate President George Burke and former state representative Paul Groesbeck . Like the 1946 primary , the final result was close , with Mitchell beating Burke by fewer than 500 votes . In the general election , Mitchell faced State Representative Raymond B. Morris . Mitchell decisively defeated Morris , winning 56 % of the vote to Morris 's 44 % . However , a little more than a year into his term , Morris died from a heart attack and his wife , Minnie Mitchell , was appointed as his replacement by Governor Barrett . She subsequently won a special election in 1952 for the balance of her husband 's term .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Raymond B. Morris , state representative from Laramie County , 1942 Democratic candidate for secretary of state
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
J. Roy Mitchell , state representative from Natrona County
George Burke , president of the Wyoming Senate
Paul W. Groesbeck , former state representative from Laramie County
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of public instruction
Incumbent Republican superintendent of public instruction Edna B. Stolt ran for re-election to a second term . She faced challenges in the Republican primary from Verda James , who had served under Stolt as deputy superintendent , and from Henry L. Rebbe , Jr. , who served as superintendent of schools for the town of Glenrock . Though Stolt won renomination , she was unable to win a majority of the vote , winning just 49.5 % of the vote to James 's 35 % and Rebbe 's 15.5 % . In the general election , she faced the Democratic nominee , Glenn K. Rogers , a high school teacher in Cheyenne . Despite her weak performance in the Republican primary , Stolt overwhelmingly defeated Rogers in the general election , improving on her performance from 1946 .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Glenn K. Rogers , Cheyenne high school teacher
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Edna B. Stolt , incumbent superintendent of public instruction
Verda James , former deputy superintendent of public instruction
Henry L. Rebbe , Jr. , former Glenrock superintendent of schools
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Chaetocrania is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae .
Species
C. antennalis ( Coquillett , 1897 )
References
Diptera of North America
Exoristinae
Tachinidae genera
Taxa named by Charles Henry Tyler Townsend
Type 92 may refer to :
Weapons
Type 92 machine gun
Type 92 Heavy Machine Gun
7.7mm Type 92 machine-gun cartridge
Type 92 Battalion Gun
Type 92 10 cm Cannon
Type 92 torpedo
Type 92 Handgun
Armored cars
Type 92 variant of the WZ551 armored personnel carrier
Type 92 Jyu-Sokosha armored car
Airplanes
Kawasaki Type 92 biplane
Bristol Type 92 biplane
Mitsubishi 2MR8 reconnaissance aircraft
Mitsubishi Ki-20 heavy bomber
Other
The NSB Class 92 diesel railway multiple unit
Inch Road railway station served Magherabeg in County Donegal , Ireland .
The station opened on 9 September 1864 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh .
It closed for passengers on 6 September 1948 .
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1864
Railway stations closed in 1948
1864 establishments in Ireland
1948 disestablishments in Ireland
The 2019–20 Kerala Premier League Season was the seventh season of the Kerala Premier League . The season featured 10 teams which was divided into 2 groups and were played on a home-and-away format . The season kicked off on 15 December 2019 . Former participants
Kozhikode Quartz FC , SBI Kerala , RFC Kochi , FC Thrissur withdrewn the league due to financial problems . Meanwhile , Kannur City FC withdrew mid-way throughout the tournament due to some technical issues . Kerala Blasters FC beat Gokulam Kerala F.C . in the finals and lifted their first KPL Title .
Teams
Kochi City FC , Shooter Padne and Indian Navy withdrawn from the league . To these vacancies Kannur City FC and Mar Athanasius FA were selected by playing the qualifiers . Luca Soccer Club joined the league through corporate entry after losing in the qualifier .
Stadiums and locations
Head coaches
Foreign players
Clubs can sign maximum four players but only three is allowed in the playing eleven .
Qualifiers
Fixtures and results
Source :
Cancelled Matches
Group stage
Group A
Fixtures and results
Source :
Cancelled Matches
Group B
Fixtures and results
Source :
Cancelled Matches
Knockout stage
Fixtures and results
Semi-Finals
Final
Season statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
References
Kerala Premier League seasons
Kerala Premier League
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon ( born 23 June 1944 ) is a Thai archer .
Career
She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympic Games in the women 's individual event and finished eighteenth with a score of 2282 points .
Kaewbaidhoon won eight medals at the Southeast Asian Games from 1977 to 1981 .
References
External links
Profile on worldarchery.org
1944 births
Living people
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon
Archers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1977 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1979 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1981 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games medalists in archery
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon
Amornrat Kaewbaidhoon
The Vermont Railway is a shortline railroad in Vermont and eastern New York , operating much of the former Rutland Railway . It is the main part of the Vermont Rail System , which also owns the Green Mountain Railroad , the Rutland 's branch to Bellows Falls . The trackage is owned by the Vermont Agency of Transportation except in New York , where VTR operates a line owned by the Boston and Maine Corporation . The rail line employs about 150 people in Vermont .
History
The Rutland Railway was the only north-south line through western Vermont . A strike in 1953 precipitated the company 's ending passenger service . Another strike shut down freight operations on September 25 , 1961 . The government of Vermont purchased the main line south of Burlington , as well as a branch to Bennington , total , and the new Vermont Railway , incorporated on October 25 , 1963 , began operations on January 6 , 1964 . The company 's first president was Jay Wulfson , who came from the Middletown and New Jersey Railroad .
During the early years of the Vermont Railway , money was spent replacing old locomotives and rolling stock the railroad had inherited from the Rutland . It bought several locomotives , both new and used . It also leased several hundred freight cars .
The railroad continued to expand , entering the intermodal business in 1965 , and acquiring the Clarendon and Pittsford Railroad in 1972 , which gave VTR access to a limestone plant near Florence , Vermont . VTR retained the Clarendon and Pittsford name as a separate legal entity operating the acquired trackage . In the late 1970s several senior officials died , including Wulfson . The railroad grossed more than $ 2 million in revenues for the first time . Net earnings were about $ 20,000 a year , which was spent in improving the railroad .
In 1982 , VTR repaid the state of Vermont for the trackage the state had bought in 1964 to allow VTR to begin operations . A year later , VTR bought of track between Rutland and Whitehall , New York from the Delaware and Hudson Railway and assigned it to its Clarendon and Pittsford subsidiary . The track was severely deteriorated at the time of purchase , with track speeds as low as over the entire line . During the first years after the purchase , a rehabilitation project was begun , upgrading the roadbed as well as the track and ties . Since the line was upgraded to higher standards , Whitehall has become a major interchange point between VTR and the D & H ( now Canadian Pacific after its acquisition of the D & H ) . Since 1996 , Amtrak 's Ethan Allen Express has been operating on the Rutland - Whitehall section .
In 1997 , the Vermont Railway purchased the Green Mountain Railroad , which ran from Rutland to Bellows Falls . This led to the formation of an umbrella company , named the Vermont Rail System , which owned both railroads , and several other shortlines in Vermont and New York .
VTR has been the designated operator of the New York & Ogdensburg Railway for over a decade ( as of 2021 ) . This short line was once the western end of the Rutland Railway Ogdensburg Division and operates over the 26-mile line segment between Ogdensburg and the CSX connection at Norwood , NY .
VTR planned to construct a new spur line in Middlebury , Vermont , to serve a quarry . In early 2011 , the company created a new subsidiary railroad called the Otter Creek Railroad to purchase land and construct trackage in preparation for construction to begin in early 2013 , with a late 2014 completion date . The quarry cancelled the project in August 2012 because it was no longer economically viable .
Routes
The VRS owns and operates the following additional rail line :
Connecticut River Line ( Newport , Vermont to White River Junction ) . This is speed-limited by the slowest track in the system to FRA class 1 : for freight ; for passengers .
Traffic
The Vermont Railway moves a wide variety of freight , as well as furnishing track to an Amtrak passenger train , the Ethan Allen Express . VTR moves large amounts of stone products from quarries in western Vermont , largely limestone in the form of slurry from OMYA mines north of Rutland . VTR also moves large amounts of petroleum products into Vermont , including unit trains of fuel oil from Albany , New York , to Burlington .
Locomotive fleet
As of August 2015 , the Vermont Railway 's fleet consisted of :
References
External links
Rutland Railway Association
Vermont railroads
New York ( state ) railroads
New Hampshire railroads
Railway companies established in 1964
1964 establishments in Vermont
Spin-offs of the Rutland Railroad
Companies operating former Rutland Railroad lines
Companies operating former Boston and Maine Railroad lines
American companies established in 1964
Sharon Brown is an American singer-songwriter and musician who was born in Harlem , New York City . She is the niece of songwriter Phil Medley , who co-wrote the song `` Twist and Shout '' . She is also the daughter of drummer William Brown , who played with musicians such as The Isley Brothers and Cannonball Adderley .
Career
Brown co-wrote and sang backup vocals on the 1976 release of CBS Rock Band `` Blood Sweat & Tears '' Mirror 's Image `` LP song titled `` Love Looks Good On You '' former lead vocalist for `` Rare Earth '' Jerry La Croix . In addition to starting her own music publishing company , Tshaym music publishing company BMI , she has also worked with acts such as Ronnie Dyson from the Broadway hit play Hair singing `` Aquarius '' . Sharon Brown also acted as musical coordinator and songwriter worked alongside Todd Rundgren .
She and her bandmate keyboardist Ronnie Bishop wrote a song called `` The Family Tree '' in 1975 , which was recorded by Al Chilsom , Gart Alexander and Sharon Brown in Los Angeles in 1976 . Sharon Brown left LA and returned to the East Coast only to find years later her song `` Family Tree '' had become a huge underground hit . It was licensed once by Sharon Brown and OST Recording based in the UK to release `` Family Tree '' around the world , that , despite receiving club play in both the US and the UK , has never been officially received or in FM radio rotation . She had a hit single on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in 1982 with the song `` I Specialize in Love '' , which was written by Lotti Golden and Richard Scher . This song spent three weeks at No . 2 on the Club Play chart and crossed over to R & B Dance Music Charts . It has been re-released in 1994 and in 2002 , and again in 2011 , her only solo song to reach this survey . `` I Specialize in Love '' was later covered by the group Exposé in the 1990s . Other songs recorded by Brown in the early to mid-1980s include `` Love Do n't Hurt People '' , `` Programmed Heart '' and `` I 'll Make You Feel Like the First Time '' .
In 2003 , Brown appeared as the defendant in an episode of The People 's Court . The plaintiff in the case was singer Carol Douglas , who had entered into an agreement with Brown that caused a dispute between the two singers . Judge Marilyn Milian asked both to sing briefly , with Brown delivering a snippet of `` I Specialize in Love '' and Douglas singing her 1974 disco song , `` Doctor 's Orders '' .
Brown resides in New York City , where she works to raise awareness about gang violence and spread positive messages through her writings and recordings . She is also active in prison ministry .
Discography
Singles
References
External links
Sharon Brown Discography at Discogs .
American disco musicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Harlem
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
Budget Direct is an insurance brand of Auto & General headquartered in Brisbane , Australia . Their Car and Home Insurance policies are underwritten by Auto & General Insurance Company Limited . Auto & General Insurance Company is an Australian insurance company regulated by APRA and is an active member of the Insurance Council of Australia .
Budget Direct is part of the Budget Insurance group , established in the early 1970s , which collects a billion in premiums each year for the group 's 6.8 million policies .
Operations
Budget Direct operates three call centres located in Queensland at Kawana Waters , North Lakes as well as at the company 's headquarters located in Toowong , Brisbane . The company also has multiple assessment centres in Brisbane , Sydney and Melbourne . As of April 2020 , the company has over 1 million policyholders and over 1,700 staff . In 2016 Budget Direct launched in Singapore offering Car , Motorcycle and Travel Insurance .
Advertising
Budget Direct 's previous television advertisements depicted a couple called Michael and Michelle . The ads revolved around Michelle 's mispronunciation of the word `` Budget '' whilst explaining the benefits of Budget Direct insurance to Michael who continually corrects her pronunciation . In August 2013 Budget Direct rebranded with an alien version of the shower ad with animated aliens instead of Michelle and Michael . This also included a revelation of a new brand positioning and logo created by Hulsbosch . In January 2014 it was reported that the brand had engaged 303Lowe with the release of new TV ads featuring a daredevil by the name of Captain Risky and tagline `` We do n't insure Captain Risky to keep prices low '' , to explain the brand 's low to medium risk market positioning . In 2018 a new series of television advertisements were launched with a detective character called 'Sarge '
Awards
Budget Direct has won the CANSTAR award for Outstanding Value Car Insurance every year from 2007 to 2022 . Budget Direct won the Money Magazine Insurer of the Year award for their Car and Home Insurance products every year from 2017 to 2022 . They have also won the Money Magazine Best-Value Car Insurance award from 2019 to 2022 .
References
External links
Insurance companies of Australia
Financial services companies established in 1999
Companies based in Brisbane
1999 establishments in Australia
Bà Lụa Islands ( ) is an archipelago located in the Gulf of Thailand . It constitutes Sơn Hải Commune of Kiên Lương District , Kiên Giang Province , Vietnam . The archipelago is known as `` ( Small ) Ha Long of the South '' .
Etymology
There are several different interpretations to the name of the islands . Some sources explain that Bà Lụa is the Chinese Vietnamese wife of an influential Frenchman coming here to exploit the area ; since all of related legal papers were in her name , the islands was named Bà Lụa . Anh Dong ( 2010 ) claims that Bà Lụa ( `` Lady Silk '' ) is the name of a female general in charge of military logistics who established a silk mill on the islands in order to supply Nguyễn Trung Trực 's militia force . Another source says that around 1858 , a feudal mandarin married a beautiful and gentle wife who wanted to stay away from the officialdom and eventually settled on the islands . Every day she raised silkworms and wove silk , so the islands has been called Bà Lụa ever since .
Geography
The archipelago , formed from lower-mid Paleozoic sedimentary rocks , consists of about 34 ( or 42 ) islands spreading out over a 70-square-kilometer water area , among which Hòn Heo is the largest entity . Apart from Hòn Heo , none of the rest have the highest point exceeding . The most populous islands are Hòn Heo , Hòn Ngang and Hòn Nhum . The sea area around the archipelago is shallow , and in many places , people can even walk from island to island during low tide .
Hòn Heo ( literally `` Pig Island '' ) is the largest island of Bà Lụa . It is approximately in circumference and has an area of . Its name originates from the fact that the French built a piggery on the island in 1918 ( Anh Dong , 2010 ) . Here lies the People 's Committee Head Office of Son Hai Commune .
Incomplete list of islands
Administrative history
On 14 January 1983 , Kiên Hải District was formed with six communes including Bà Lụa Commune that administered Bà Lụa Islands .
On 27 September 1983 , Bà Lụa Commune was renamed to Sơn Hải Commune ( Kiên Hải District ) .
Since 17 August 2000 , Sơn Hải Commune has been under the administration of Kiên Lương District .
See also
Nam Du Islands
References
Bibliography
External links
Cruising Ba Lua Archipelago , 31 August 2011 , Saigon Times Online
Satellite image of Hòn Heo ( Bà Lụa Islands ) , Google Maps
Archipelagoes of Vietnam
Landforms of Kiên Giang province
Islands of the Gulf of Thailand
Holy Trinity Church is a Church of England church in Blackford , Somerset , England . It was built in 1821–23 to the designs of Richard Carver and is a Grade II listed building .
History
Holy Trinity Church was built as a chapel of ease to the parish church of St Mary in Wedmore . As a result of the growing population of the parish during the early 19th century , the vicar of Wedmore , the Rev . John Richards , sought to provide additional church accommodation for the outlying parts of the parish . The population of Wedmore had reached over 3,000 and the parish church was only capable of accommodating 700 people . The hamlet of Blackford was selected as the location for the first chapel of ease , which would also serve the inhabitants of Westham and West Stoughton , all of whom were approximately two miles from the parish church .
Plans for the church were drawn up by Richard Carver of Taunton , with seating for 300 people , 200 of which would be free and unappropriated for the benefit of the poor . Construction began in 1821 and the completed church was consecrated by the Bishop of Gloucester and Dean of Wells , the Right Rev . Henry Ryder , on 29 August 1823 . Blackford was made its own ecclesiastical parish on 11 October 1844 .
In 1889 , a public meeting was held to discuss the replacement of the church 's harmonium with an organ . The harmonium was considered inadequate to conduct the choir and was also in a poor state of repair . The required £100 was successfully raised and the organ , built by Mr. W.G . Vowles of Bristol , was opened by the Bishop of Bath and Wells , the Right Rev . Lord Arthur Hervey , on 1 August 1890 .
19th and 20th century restorations
By the 1890s , Holy Trinity was in great need of repair , and the pews , side galleries and narrow aisles were described by the Central Somerset Gazette as `` causing great discomfort to all who attended '' . The restoration was carried out by Messrs. Frederick Merrick and Son of Glastonbury in 1895 for a cost of £400 . The work included the removal of the galleries in the north and south transepts and the raising of the holy table .
As part of the restoration , new fittings were installed , including communion rails , an octagonal stone font , a carved oak lectern , an oak prayer desk , and a carved and traceried oak pulpit . The font was gifted by the family of the Rev . John M. Hale Whish as a memorial to the late rector . The church was reseated with new pews of pitch pine , and some of the wood from the old pews were reused to create dado panelling . The church reopened on 3 October 1895 , with sermons preached by the vicar of Cheddar , the Rev . Preb . Coleman , and the vicar of Burtle , the Rev . T. Lewis .
Another restoration of the church was carried out in 1914 , owing to a defective roof and settlement of the walls , which had resulted in dampness and fungoid growth within the interior . Fundraising towards the restoration began in May 1913 , and £200 of the £380 required had been raised by donations by April 1914 . The restoration plans were drawn up by the Diocesan surveyor Percival Hartland Thomas and the church was reopened by the Bishop of Bath and Wells , the Right Rev . George Kennion , on 3 November 1914 . In addition to repairs to the roof , walls and drains , the interior was also renovated .
In 1967 , fundraising began towards a major repair of the church , particularly its roof , with an estimated £3,000 cost . The work was carried out in 1972 , using donations and a £700 loan .
21st century restoration
In 1999 , the structural condition of Holy Trinity was found to be poor , with the building in need of major repairs . Furthermore , the church lacked some essential features including disabled access and running water . The Parochial church council launched an appeal to raise the necessary funds for the church 's restoration and improvement for wider community uses . The first phase of work was completed in 2006 for over £130,000 , which included repairs and repainting of parts of the internal rendering , replacing some of the external hard cement render with mortar , the construction of a new vestry with lavatory and disabled access , and the establishment of a tea bar . The work was carried out by T R Morgans and Co of Wells to designs by Caroe and Partners , Wells .
For the second phase of work , the church council were successful in obtaining a £120,000 grant from English Heritage among other donations and a Diocesan loan . The church 's entire exterior was then refurbished and repaired , including the cupola , clock and western porch . A new roof was added and the timber trusses stabilised . The church 's walls were painted white in line with the building 's original colour . The work was carried out by Carrek Ltd to the designs of Benjamin and Beauchamp , Bare Leaning and Bare QS , and Mann Williams Engineers . In 2014 , the final phase of work was completed , which saw the interior refurbished and improved with new heating , new lighting and electrical rewiring . The organ was re-sited from the western gallery and installed in the southern transept . Ellis and Co Ltd of Shepton Mallet carried out the work to the designs of Benjamin and Beauchamp . Blackford 's village hall was used for services until the church reopened .
Architecture
Holy Trinity is built of rendered Wedmore stone , with freestone dressings and a slate roof . The church is made up of a nave with gallery , chancel , vestry and west porch . The centre of the roof has an arcaded cupola containing one bell and surmounted by a cruciform . The church has an octagonal plan with projecting wings on each side . The entrance has a flat-roofed porch of ashlar stone .
References
Churches in Somerset
Church of England church buildings in Sedgemoor
Grade II listed churches in Somerset
Churches completed in 1823
Briga Superiore is a of the of Messina in the Province of Messina , Sicily , southern Italy . It stands at an elevation of 50 metres above sea level . At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 215 inhabitants .
The frazione suffered heavily in the mudslides which devastated the area in 2009 .
References
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Messina
Seckington is a village and civil parish in North Warwickshire , about northeast of Tamworth . The B4593 road between Tamworth and Appleby Magna runs through the parish , passing about north of the village . Seckington shares a parish council with Newton Regis and No Man 's Heath . Forming part of the border with Staffordshire , it is the second most northerly settlement in Warwickshire , with only No Man 's Heath situated further north , and is only 3.5 miles due south of the Derbyshire border .
Early history
In 757 King Æthelbald of Mercia was assassinated at Secandune ( Seckington ) . Continuations of the Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum say he `` was treacherously and miserably murdered , in the night , by his own guards '' . The Domesday Book of 1086 records Secintone as a vill with a manor of five hides .
Castle
Seckington Castle is a motte-and-bailey castle believed to have been built in the late 11th century for either Roger de Beaumont , Earl of Meulan or his son Robert de Beaumont . In the late 17th century the antiquary Sir William Dugdale ( 1605–86 ) described , measured and recorded the castle in detail . Since 1923 the castle has been protected as a scheduled monument . The motte is now about high and its diameter is about at the base . The bailey is south and east of the motte . The castle is surrounded on three sides by traces of ridge and furrow cultivation .
Parish church
The Church of England parish church of All Saints is probably mid- to late-13th century in origin , but was significantly altered in a late 19th-century Victorian restoration . The west tower and spire were rebuilt in 1883 , re-using much of the original material . The bell-openings are Early English , the ogeed west window is Decorated Gothic and the parapet and spire are Perpendicular Gothic . The spire has two sets of lucarnes . The nave and chancel are Decorated Gothic with 14th-century windows . The chancel east window has five lights and intersecting tracery , and is said to have been widened in the restoration .
There is extensive use of ogees . As well as in the west window of the nave , ogees feature in two south windows of the nave , one south and two north doorways and a double piscina in the chancel . All Saints had a rood screen and rood loft , traces of which are visible in the east wall of the nave on both sides of the chancel arch . Outside , on the south wall of the nave east of the porch is a scratched mass dial . All Saints ' church monuments include a defaced recumbent effigy of a lady in early 14th-century dress , and a Jacobean wall-mounted monument to Robert Burdett , who died in 1603 . He is an ancestor of the Burdett baronets . His monument is of veined marble , with Corinthian columns flanking kneeling figures of his family .
The west tower has a ring of four bells . Robert Mellours of Nottingham cast the treble bell in about 1520 ; it is inscribed with the name IESUS . Hugh II Watts of Leicester cast the tenor bell in about 1640 . John Taylor & Co of Loughborough cast or re-cast the second and third bells in 1886 for the rebuilt tower . The ring is unusual in that the third bell , not the tenor , has the largest diameter . All Saints have been a Grade II * listed building since 1953 . All Saints are now part of the Benefice of All Souls , which also includes the former parishes of St Nicholas , Austrey ; St Mary the Virgin , Newton Regis ; St Matthew , Shuttington and Holy Trinity , Warton .
Other listed buildings
Seckington has four Grade II listed buildings . Rock Farmhouse is partly 17th century , with late 18th century additions . Old Hall Farmhouse is late 17th or early 18th century , with late 18th and early 19th century additions . The Old Rectory was a 18th century but was largely rebuilt in about 1870 . Church Farmhouse is late 18th or early 19th century .
References
Sources
Villages in Warwickshire
Civil parishes in Warwickshire
Borough of North Warwickshire
Anthony Robin Bilbie ( 29 April 1942 – 29 August 2015 ) was an English cricketer . He was a right-handed batsman . He was born at Sherwood , Nottinghamshire .
Bilbie made his first-class debut for Nottinghamshire against Hampshire in the 1960 County Championship . He made thirteen further first-class appearances for the county , the last of which came against Oxford University in 1963 . In his fourteen first-class matches , he scored a total of 291 runs at an average of 11.19 , with a high score of 39 .
References
External links
Robin Bilbie at ESPNcricinfo
Robin Bilbie at CricketArchive
1942 births
2015 deaths
People from Sherwood , Nottingham
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
The Halifax County Home and Tubercular Hospital is a historic hospital complex and national historic district located near Halifax , Halifax County , North Carolina . The listing included nine contributing buildings , two contributing sites and one contributing structure including the site of the first ( ca . 1845 ) Halifax County home and cemetery , the 1923 county home , and its neighbor , the county tubercular hospital , completed in 1925 . Other contributing resources are domestic and agricultural outbuildings . The county home was designed by architects Benton & Benton and is a Neoclassical brick building composed of a two-story central pavilion with one-story hyphenated wings . The tubercular hospital is a one-story brick building with a gable roof . The hospital closed in 1973 . The tubercular hospital has been destroyed .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1923
Hospital buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Halifax County , North Carolina
Tuberculosis sanatoria in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Halifax County , North Carolina
1925 establishments in North Carolina
Fireboats in San Diego have been operated on San Diego Bay by the city of San Diego , California since the early 20th century , as well as by the Port of San Diego since its creation as a quasi-governmental agency serving the entire Bay in 1962 .
City of San Diego Fire-Rescue Department
The city 's first fireboat , the Bill Kettner , was named after San Diego 's Congressional Representative William Kettner . The vessel was built by the city 's own firefighters in their own workshop . She was commissioned in 1919 .
The Point Loma II , a small patrol vessel with a modest pumping capacity , served from 1957 to 1977 .
She had a single water cannon , only capable of pumping 1,200 gallons per hour .
The Bill Kettner was retired in 1961 , when she was replaced by the Shelter Island .
The Shelter Island had two water cannon , capable of pumping 2,000 gallons per minute and 1,000 gallons per minute . A third vessel , the Harbor Island , was also put into service . She had a single water cannon , capable of pumping 2000 gallons per minute . The Shelter Island and Harbor Island are named after `` islands '' ( actually peninsulas ) in the San Diego Bay .
On June 26 , 2015 , a new high speed vessel christened the Marine 3 began operation by the San Diego Lifeguard Department . San Diego Lifeguard Services is a unit of the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department . The vessel is equipped for both search and rescue and firefighting duties . It is equipped with infrared and other sensors , for helping to find missing sailors and lost boats . The two water cannon , each capable of pumping 12,000 gallons per minute , can be remotely controlled from the cabin . The lifeguard department 's previous rescue and fire vessel had just a single water cannon , capable of pumping only 500 gallons per minute . The vessel cost $ 1 million , and its projected life is 25 years .
San Diego Harbor Police
The San Diego Harbor Police is the law enforcement authority for the Port of San Diego . It provides uniformed police services as well as marine firefighting . The department has an area of responsibility that includes the San Diego Bay shorelines of the cities of San Diego , National City , Chula Vista , Imperial Beach , and Coronada . Harbor Police officers are cross-trained in law enforcement and firefighting .
On November 22 , 2010 , the city accepted two new fireboats , to be operated by the San Diego Harbor Police , that were paid for by a port security grant from the federal Department of Homeland Security . The two new vessels each have three water cannon . They replaced three older and less capable vessels , that had been in service for 35 years . In 2011 the City of San Diego agreed to accept three more vessels , under another grant from the Department of Homeland Security . The five identical vessels are MetalCraft FireStorm 36 fireboats and are capable of approximately 2,200 gallons per minute .
References
San Diego
Government of San Diego
San Diego Bay
Mis'da Mustafa Mohammad Ramounieh ( , born 25 May 1983 ) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper . She has captained both Jordanian side Orthodox Club and the Jordan women 's national team .
International career
Ramounieh was barred from competing at the 2012 AFC Women 's Olympic Qualifying Tournament as she wears hijab .
See also
List of Jordan women 's international footballers
References
1983 births
Living people
People with acquired Jordanian citizenship
Jordanian women 's footballers
Women 's association football goalkeepers
Jordan women 's international footballers
Jordanian Muslims
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Jordan
American Muslims
American soccer players
American people of Jordanian descent
Ronald Hamilton Blackburn ( April 23 , 1935 – April 29 , 1998 ) was an American Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1958 and 1959 seasons .
Career
Nicknamed `` Blackie '' , he batted and threw right handed . Blackburn stood at and at the height of his career . He spent 11 seasons in the minor leagues and played two consecutive seasons for the Pirates .
His major league debut was on Opening Day 1958 against the Milwaukee Braves . The first batter he faced was Hank Aaron , who hit a single off Blackburn , but he managed to keep the next nine batters off base for his first victory .
On the road for his two years with the Pirates , Blackburn 's roommate was Bill Mazeroski . During these two years , he also was a teammate of legendary outfielder Roberto Clemente .
Blackburn played his last game for Pittsburgh on July 28 , 1959 .
Life
Born on April 23 , 1935 in Mount Airy , North Carolina , Blackburn was raised in Kannapolis , North Carolina . He studied at Catawba College , where he met his wife Sandra Lower .
Following his playing retirement In 1964 , Blackburn became a teacher and baseball coach at Western Carolina University , where he also attended school . He was the father of two sons : Ron H. Blackburn Jr. ( born 1961 ) and Rick S. Blackburn ( born 1964 ) . The family lived in Cullowhee , North Carolina from 1964-1969 before moving to Morganton , North Carolina , where he worked as recreation director at the Western Correctional Center .
Blackburn died on April 29 , 1998 , from cancer at age 63 . He is buried in Carolina Memorial Park , Concord , North Carolina .
References
External links
BR Bullpen
Baseball Library
History for Sale
Retrosheet
1935 births
1998 deaths
Asheville Tourists players
Burlington-Graham Pirates players
Catawba College alumni
Columbus Jets players
Dallas Rangers players
Deaths from cancer in North Carolina
Fond du Lac Panthers players
Macon Peaches players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New Orleans Pelicans ( baseball ) players
People from Mount Airy , North Carolina
Phoenix Stars players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Salt Lake City Bees players
St. Jean Canadians players
Western Carolina Catamounts baseball players
Williamsport Grays players
People from Morganton , North Carolina
The Canton Fair Complex ( ) , formerly known as Guangzhou International Convention and Exhibition Center ( ) , is located on Pazhou Island in the Guangzhou ( Canton City ) in the People 's Republic of China . It is possibly the largest convention center in the world at , and also contains the world 's largest exhibition hall at .
Interwine is held here .
See also
Canton Fair
List of tourist attractions in China
References
Buildings and structures in Guangzhou
Convention and exhibition centers in China
Tourist attractions in Guangzhou
Economy of Guangzhou
Mella ( known as such also in Italian and in Latin ) is a river in Northern Italy , a tributary of Oglio . The largest city the Mella flows through is Brescia . The upper valley of the Mella , upstream from Brescia , is known as Val Trompia .
References
External links
Rivers of the Province of Brescia
Rivers of Italy
Mystical Shit is the third studio album by experimental music band King Missile , released in 1990 by Shimmy Disc . It is the first of their albums to be recorded after guitarist Dave Rick and bassist Chris Xefos had joined and composer Stephen Tunney had departed the group to form Dogbowl . The album was first issued on vinyl record in 1990 and was later included on the compilation album Mystical Shit & Fluting on the Hump .
Reception
Stewart Mason of AllMusic described Mystical Shit as `` a transitional album '' and said `` Dogbowl had decamped for a solo career and King Missile was firmly in Hall 's hands ; as a result , the album is much less musically interesting , the songs consisting of little more than noodly jams underneath Hall 's surreal , often funny monologues . The critic went on to describe the album as `` weaker than both its predecessors and King Missile 's later career high point , Happy Hour , where Hall would finally regain the proper balance between music and lyrics . '' commended Hall for `` spearheading New York 's electric poetry movement '' and said `` the revamped King Missile sounds more focused than before , with the humor coming off as conceptual rather than jokey . Robert Christgau chose the track `` Jesus Was Way Cool '' , written by Hall and bassist Chris Xefos , as the album 's `` choice cut '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Mystical Shit liner notes .
King Missile
Steve Dansiger – drums , percussion
John S. Hall – lead vocals , flute ( A4 ) , harmonica ( B3 )
Dave Rick – guitar , backing vocals
Chris Xefos – bass guitar , piano , organ , synthesizer , accordion , tuba , backing vocals
Production and design
Mark Kramer – production , engineering , mixing
Release history
References
External links
Mystical Shit at iTunes
King Missile albums
1990 albums
Shimmy Disc albums
Albums produced by Kramer ( musician )
ISO 3166-2 : SI is the entry for Slovenia in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Currently for Slovenia , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 212 municipalities .
Each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen . The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Slovenia . The second part is three digits , which is the municipality code used by the Statistical Office of the Republic of Slovenia :
001–147 ( except 145 ) : communes as from 1995 to 1998
148–193 : communes created in 1998
194 : municipality created in 2002
195–206 : communes created in March 2006
207–211 : communes created in June 2006
212–213 : communes created in 2011
The codes for all groups of communes are assigned in Slovenian alphabetical order , except Tišina and Šalovci ( whose codes are assigned based on their former names , Cankova-Tišina and Hodoš Šalovci respectively ) as well as Rogašovci ( of which the former spelling was Rogačovci ) . Žalec , whose municipality code was 145 , uses 190 after splitting into multiple municipalities in 1998 . Ankaran was added in 2016 .
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency ( ISO 3166/MA ) .
Subdivision names are sorted in Slovenian alphabetical order : a-c , č , d-s , š , t-z , ž .
Click on the button in the header to sort each column .
Changes
The following changes to the entry are listed on ISO 's online catalogue , the Online Browsing Platform :
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998 . ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013 .
Codes before Newsletter I-4
See also
Subdivisions of Slovenia
FIPS region codes of Slovenia
NUTS codes of Slovenia
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform : SI
Regions of Slovenia , Statoids.com
Communes of Slovenia , Statoids.com
2 : SI
ISO 3166-2
Slovenia geography-related lists
The T-Mobile myTouch 4G is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation for T-Mobile USA 's `` myTouch '' re-branded series of phones . HTC 's name for the device during development was `` Glacier '' . This is T-Mobile 's second `` 4G '' phone , after the T-Mobile G2 , and the third smartphone by T-Mobile that runs Android 2.2 Froyo software . The phone was released in black , red , and white colors .
International release
The T-Mobile myTouch 4G was released in Canada on the Mobilicity network as the `` HTC Panache 4G '' with the original , unmodified HTC Sense 2.1 user interface on top of Android 2.3.3 Gingerbread and with the genius key replaced with search functionality . The HTC Panache 4G was available for $ 299.99 CA on the Mobilicity web site .
Features
The myTouch 4G supports Wi-Fi , 3G UMTS and HSPA+ , EDGE , and GPRS networks . The myTouch 4G is supported by T-Mobile 4G . The myTouch 4G also supports Wi-Fi Calling .
Hardware
The T-Mobile myTouch 4G runs on a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with 768MB of RAM . It has a 5.0MP camera with auto-focus and flash that also captures 720p HD-quality video . It sports a front-facing video camera for video chat and video calls , has a wireless card supporting a/b/g/n connections , and a bluetooth 2.1+EDR chip . The myTouch 4G has a lithium-ion battery that is capable of up to 10 hours of talk time and 18 days of standby time .
Screen
The myTouch 4G has a 3.8 '' Super LCD display that brings along Sony 's VSPEC III technology providing an 800:1 contrast ratio and a viewing angle of up to 160 degrees .
Some models of the phone have been shipped with a screen manufactured by Sharp that has a lower contrast ratio and a poorer viewing angle .
Package contents
The T-Mobile myTouch 4G comes bundled with a pair of headphones , USB cable and documentation , all inside a unique carrying case that also serves as the retail box . The phone itself also has a 8GB SanDisk Class 4 microSD Card ( SDHC ) inside and is expandable up to 32GB .
Commercials
In November 2010 , T-Mobile began airing a series of popular television commercials mocking Apple 's Mac vs. PC commercials by portraying the iPhone and AT & T network as `` a haggard pair of piggybacking fellows '' and the myTouch 4G as model Carly Foulkes .
Controversy
As with many other Android phones , the official software updates for the phone remain controversial . T-Mobile has officially stated that an update to Android 2.3 `` Gingerbread '' would be made . In July 2011 , it was revealed that an official update was finished and would be available onwards from 20 July 2011 , via the means of the over-the-air programming .
However , to date , many customers have never received the update , and T-Mobile support representatives on Twitter suggested in October 2011 that the OTA update is no longer available as T-Mobile is working on further improvements before making the update available again . No clarification is ever given on the exact reasons why the update is no longer available , or why it was pulled out , or what further improvements are required to be completed before it would be available again . Moreover , there is no option within the interface that allows you to check for updates .
Although the update is offered in some T-Mobile retail stores through an in-store microSD card update , such procedure represents a significant inconvenience to the customers , as it requires finding a T-Mobile store which offers the update , planning an hour-long visit to the store , and having a fully charged battery prior to the visit .
As such , T-Mobile users still do n't have any means to perform a supported and official update from 2.2 to 2.3 at their convenience at home .
According to a Tmobile Support post on December 19 , 2011 , beginning December 20 , 2011 T-Mobile will start an over-the-air ( OTA ) update for the T-Mobile myTouch 4G . This update is to Android 2.3.4 / Software version 2.32.531.1 . The OTA roll-out will complete by January 23 , 2012 . Users that have received the 2.3+ system update are able to manually check for system updates via the settings menu .
However , according to a Tmobile support post on January 25 , 2012 , the OTA update was `` paused for customers whose devices are currently on Android 2.2 . HTC has stated they paused the update to improve the update utility . '' These customers `` [ c ] annot download the update manually , nor receive it as an OTA . T-Mobile does not know when the update will resume . ''
Notes
References
External links
Android ( operating system ) devices
HTC mobile phones
MyTouch
Mobile phones introduced in 2010
Smartphones
Triops australiensis , sometimes referred to as a shield shrimp , is an Australian species of the tadpole shrimp Triops .
Distribution
Triops australiensis has a wide distribution across Australia , excluding the northernmost parts of Western Australia , and Queensland . It is also absent from Tasmania in the south , where it is replaced by Lepidurus apus . The two species can be distinguished by the presence of a supra-anal plate between the caudal rami at the end of the abdomen in L. apus , which is lacking in T. australiensis .
Biology
T. australiensis inhabits temporary pools of water in the arid regions of the Australian outback . When desiccated pools fill with water , the resting eggs hatch into nauplii , and rapidly develop to adulthood . Reproduction succeeds within a few weeks of hatching . Adults achieve a maximum size of around , which is considered large for a tadpole shrimp .
Water chemistry
Triops australiensis can tolerate a pH of 7–9 , and can live in both hard and soft water , but the eggs of T. australiensis are more likely to hatch in water with a low mineral content .
References
External links
Notostraca
Freshwater crustaceans of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Crustaceans described in 1895
Taxa named by Walter Baldwin Spencer
Thunbergia gregorii , commonly known as orange clockvine or orange trumpet vine , is a herbaceous perennial climbing plant species in the family Acanthaceae , native to East Africa and sometimes cultivated as an ornamental vine . The bright , pure all-orange flowers distinguish it from the related black-eyed Susan vine ( Thunbergia alata ) .
Spencer Le Marchant Moore described the species in 1894 , naming it after John Walter Gregory . Within the genus Thunbergia , it is most closely related to T. alata , the two being placed in the subgenus Parahexacentris . The common name of clockvine relates to the vine spiralling upwards in a clockwise direction .
Thunbergia gregorii is an evergreen vine that grows to 8–10 ft. tall , or if left without support can become an extensive groundcover . It looks like the related black-eyed Susan vine ( T. alata ) , but without the black eye .
Thunbergia gregorii is native to east Africa , and is pollinated by bees .
Hardy to -1 C , Thunbergia gregorii flowers more profusely and even year-round in warmer climates , while restricted to summer and autumn in cooler climates . It has received the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
Propagation is by cuttings taken in the summer .
References
External links
gregorii
Flora of Africa
Garden plants of Africa
Hugh White ( December 25 , 1798 in Whitestown , Oneida County , New York – October 6 , 1870 in Waterford , Saratoga County , New York ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
Life
He was the grandson of Hugh White , the founder and namesake of Whitestown . White attended the common schools . He graduated from Hamilton College in 1823 . Then he studied law but did not practice . Instead , he entered business at Chittenango in 1825 , and afterwards at Rondout . He was active in the building of the Michigan Southern and Northern Indiana Railroad .
He moved to Cohoes in 1830 . He was greatly interested in the development of water power from the Mohawk River . He established the Rosendale Cement Works .
White was elected as a Whig to the 29th , 30th and 31st United States Congresses , holding office from March 4 , 1845 , to March 3 , 1851 . He was Chairman of the Committee on Agriculture ( 30th Congress ) . Afterwards , he resumed his business activities .
Education
White worked on his father 's farm until his 21st birthday , sporadically attending common schools until he attended Hamilton College , from which he graduated in 1825 .
White studied law but did not practice . Instead , he turned his efforts towards business .
Business
White took over the manufacture of water-lime cement that he operated with his brother at Chittenango . `` White 's water-proof cement '' was the first made in America ; it was afterwards produced at Rondout in Ulster County . Upon completion of the Erie Canal in 1825 , business was moved from Chittenango to Waterford . Its location at Waterford allowed him and many others to take advantage of the water power and transportation facilities .
In addition to establishing the Rosendale Cement Works with his brother Canvass White , which he managed for a time due to Canvass ' frail health condition , Hugh White was involved in many business ventures . With Rosendale Cement Works , he manufactured cement that was used on the Croton Aqueduct . White also ran a sawmill in Cohoes , the Shatemuck Flouring Mill in Northside , and nearby , the hydraulic cement mill , using Mohawk River power .
Homestead
Shortly after marrying , he and his wife settled into the White Homestead on Saratoga Avenue in Waterford , New York . It was built by Joshua Clark , a builder of many homes , mills and public housing in Cohoes , from brick and timber that White had prepared at Chittenango and shipped to this area on the Erie Canal . It was an example of architecture of the period of transition from Federal to Greek Revival . His homestead was set back from the road and surrounded by an ornate fence ; on the property was a small brick building by the gate that was used as an office and behind the house stood a three-story brick barn for carriages and horses .
Since its partial demolition and relocation in 1964 , the White homestead has since been relocated to Waterford , New York , where it is now been transformed into a museum dedicated to Hugh White and the Erie Canal .
Death
White spend the remainder of his days at his homestead , classifying himself as a farmer in the 1855 census despite his ongoing business endeavors in the railroad industry and acting as a financier and President of the Saratoga County National Bank .
He died at his home on October 6 , 1870 . His obituary in the Cohoes Cataract declared :
`` He was essentially an executive man ; what he undertook he always accomplished , for he was a man of strong , indomitable will ; he was generous and large-hearted in all his dealings ... Many young men have been started on in the world by his kindness and his means , which he often used very freely in such cases . ''
White 's funeral service was held at the Presbyterian Church of Waterford and he is buried at the family plot in Albany Rural Cemetery .
External links
Waterford Historical Museum and Cultural Center
References
1798 births
1870 deaths
Hamilton College ( New York ) alumni
People from Whitestown , New York
Burials at Albany Rural Cemetery
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
Alicia Leigh Willis ( born March 1 , 1978 ) is an American actress . She is known for her roles in soap operas .
Personal life
Alicia was born in Atlanta , Georgia . She is one of four children . Sisters Kimberly and Tiffany , and brother Ryan . Her father is actor David E. Willis and her mother is Leigh Willis .
Alicia currently resides in Aliso Viejo , California .
Career
She portrayed Alli Fowler on the NBC soap opera Another World from 1998 to 1999 . From December 2001 to February 2006 , Willis played Courtney Matthews on the ABC soap opera , General Hospital . She was nominated for two Daytime Emmy awards for her work on GH .
Willis also had a recurring role as Corey Conway on the WB Network series 7th Heaven . In October 2006 , Willis guest starred on CSI : Miami . She starred as Elizabeth , the title role of the 2007 MyNetworkTV telenovela American Heiress .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
21st-century American actresses
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from Atlanta
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
American telenovela actresses
People
Albert Axelrod ( 1921–2004 ) , American Olympic medalist foil fencer
Albie Booth ( 1908–1959 ) , American Hall-of-Fame college football player
Albie Grant ( 1943–2004 ) , American basketball player
Albie Hecht , American television producer and media executive
Albie Lopez ( born 1971 ) , American retired Major League Baseball pitcher
Albie Morkel ( born 1981 ) , South African cricketer
Albie Murphy ( 1930–2000 ) , Irish footballer
Albie Pearson ( born 1934 ) , American retired Major League Baseball player
Albie Reisz ( 1917–1985 ) , American National Football League quarterback
Albie Roles ( 1921–2012 ) , English football player and manager
Albie Sachs ( born 1935 ) , South African activist and former judge
Albie Thomas ( 1935–2013 ) , Australian middle- and long-distance runner
Albie Thoms ( 1941–2012 ) , Australian film director , writer and producer
Fictional characters
Albie , the title character of Albie ( TV series ) , a 2002–2004 British animated television series , as well as several books
Masculine given names
Lists of people by nickname
Hypocorisms
The 8th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington , D.C. on June 7 , 1932 , sponsored by the Louisville Courier-Journal . Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941 .
The winner was 13-year-old Dorothy Greenwald , of Muscatine , Iowa , with the word `` invulnerable '' . Greenwald was a return contestant who had placed 17th the prior year .
Kenneth Cecil of Kentucky took second place , falling on `` interchangeably '' , followed by Wilma Pyle of Detroit .
Nineteen contestants competed this year , and 667 words were used . Charles E. Hill , dean of George Washington University , and Robert L. Haycock , assistant superintendent for public schools in Washington , served as pronouncers , alternating for thirty-minute shifts .
The last hour of the contest was broadcast by radio .
The prize for first place was $ 1000 , followed by $ 500 for second place , and $ 250 for third ; the following year the effects of the Great Depression led to the grand prize being cut in half .
Greenwald ( married name Schultz ) graduated from Muscatine High School in 1936 and attended Muscatine Junior College for a time . She died in Muscatine on September 2 , 2008 .
References
08
1932 in Washington , D.C .
1932 in education
June 1932 events
De Lamere is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Sargent County , North Dakota , United States . Its population was 30 as of the 2010 census .
The town received its French name after an official with the Northern Pacific Railroad . The town was established in 1885 in Hall Township . It was and still is the only town in Hall Township .
At one time , the town had a train depot , church , school ( DeLamere Dragons ) , general store , post office , grain elevators , blacksmith shop , pool hall , cream station , garages , and a town hall . The town also had its own newspaper ( DeLamere Mistletoe . ) and a bank ( DeLamere State Bank ) .
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Sargent County , North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Sargent County , North Dakota
Robert K. Cousins is a contemporary American playwright and founding contributor to phenomenalism , a neo-existential 'post post modern ' approach to theatre that has grown out of the experimental performance work staged by Odd Act Theatre Group .
Cousins is the group 's resident playwright and has been writing for them since 2005 . His plays have appeared at festivals across North America , opening in Princeton , NJ ; Washington , DC ; Montreal , Quebec ; London , Ontario ; and Edinburgh , Scotland .
Cousins ' plays explore the relationship between reality and fiction . His plays are largely meta-theatrical , focusing on the metaphysics of performance in order to explore the ontology and ethics of existence . Cousins ' plays often take the form of a philosophical conflict that trickles down into personal and physical confrontation between the characters . Phenomenalism , which seeks to overcome the personal disconnections bred out of postmodernism , draws on Cousins ' dramatized explorations of the nature of reality to break the simulation of the theatrical event and create a more direct confrontation between the artist and the audience .
As a founding member of Odd Act Theatre Group , Cousins ' career has developed along with the group . His first full-length play , All the Rabbits , had a modest debut at the Carslake Center in suburban Bordentown , NJ . How the Money Goes , his second full-length , also opened in central New Jersey but transferred to Washington , DC , and has since appeared at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe . Ice Cream Musical : The Ice Cream Musical and A Wild Play have both opened in Canada in Montreal and London , Ontario respectively .
References
General Biography
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American dramatists and playwrights
The Estadio Romelio Martínez , or Romelio Martínez Stadium , is a sports stadium located at 72 street and 46 Avenue in the Colombian city of Barranquilla . It has a capacity of 8,600 spectators .
Until the construction of the Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez in 1986 , the Romelio Martínez had been the city 's primary stadium . It is currently the home of the Barranquilla F.C . soccer team , which plays in the Colombian second division .
History
The project was conceived on 1932 , because that year the National Games of Colombia were to be made in Barranquilla and was built in the ground that occupied the `` Estadio Juana de Arco '' . The stadium was finished on 1934 with the name of `` Estadio Municipal '' ( Municipal Stadium ) . The initial capacity of the stadium was of 10,000 spectators . Has a wooden structure that support the deck of the grandstand and the architectural stadium 's style is Art Deco .
The Romelio Martínez Stadium hosted the V Central American and Caribbean Games in 1946 .
Since the birth of the professional football in Barranquilla on 1948 , they have needed to enlarge the capacity of the stadium because there are so many fans of the local team of the city that want to see the soccer games . So many fans that the crowd would constantly exceed the stadiums capacity , creating long lines at the entry since the first hours of the day .
References
Romelio Martinez
Romelio Martinez
1934 establishments in Colombia
Buildings and structures in Barranquilla
National Monuments of Colombia
Funtoosh is a 1956 Hindi film directed by Chetan Anand . The film stars Dev Anand , Sheila Ramani and K. N. Singh . It was the ninth highest-grossing film of 1956 , and was declared a `` Hit '' . The music of the movie was an instant hit and songs such as `` Dukhi Man Mere '' were topping Binaca Geet Mala . Other hits were `` Woh Dekhe To Unki Inayat '' , `` Hamen Aaj Koi Na Chhediyo '' , `` Ae Meri Topi Palat Ke Aa '' and `` Denewala Jab bhi Deta '' . The Songs cemented the bond of S. D. Burman , Dev Anand and Kishore Kumar .
Plot
Ram goes crazy after the death of his mother and sister , and once released from mental hospital he comes across Mr Kirorilal , who insures him and wants him dead for the money . However , Ram ends up marrying his daughter .
Cast
Dev Anand as Ram Lal `` Funtoosh ''
Sheila Ramani as Neelu
K.N . Singh as Karodimal
Soundtrack
The film music was composed by Sachin Dev Burman , assisted by his son R. D. Burman when he was 17 years old he composed the tune of `` Ae Mere Topi Palat Ke Aa '' . The lyrics were by Sahir Ludhianvi .
References
External links
1956 films
1950s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Chetan Anand
Films scored by S. D. Burman
The 1935 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the seventh staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Tipperary entered the championship as defending champions .
On 22 September 1935 , Mayo won the championship following a 1-6 to 1-1 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final . This was their first All-Ireland title .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
In the Ulster final , Down defeated Donegal by 2-2 to 2-1 , however , an objection to the result was launched by the Donegal County Board . A counter objection was later launched by the Down County Board before the Ulster Council declared the championship null and void . Donegal were later nominated to represent Ulster in the All-Ireland semi-final .
References
1935
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Dan Murray ( born 1934 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team .
Murray joined the team during the 1954 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1959 championship . During that time he won one National League medal and two Munster medals , however , he failed to capture an All-Ireland medal .
Murray began his club career with Canovee and UCC before later winning two county championship medals with Macroom . He also played hurling with Cloughduv .
References
1934 births
Living people
Dual players
Cloughduv hurlers
UCC Gaelic footballers
Macroom Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
People 's Concord of Montenegro or Popular Unity of Montenegro ( / Народна слога Црне Горе , NSCG ) was a minor centrist political party in Montenegro . Its founder and president was Montenegrin activist Novak Kilibarda .
It was created after Novak Kilibarda , president of the notable People 's Party of Montenegro , abandoned the main pursuits and the political ideology and created a small , his own , party . It was named to emulate national unity of the Montenegrins and the `` Popular Unity '' coalition that Kilibarda headed between the People 's Party of Montenegro and the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro . The main difference is that the People 's Party , which was in the Victory is of Montenegro coalition under Milo Đukanović , decided to go back into the opposition because of the problems that came out regarding proposals of an independent Montenegro - NS CG was strictly pro-Serbian . President Novak left the leadership and with several prominent people founded in 2001 the People 's Concord of Montenegro that continued to support Milo , and attained a pro-Montenegrin attitude . NS CG was taken over by a moderate leadership that reduced the fiercely nationalist Serbian ideologies spread from the party while it was under Novak .
NSCG never achieved greater support . On the 2001 parliamentary election it won below 0.1 % votes and failed to surpass the census . In 2002 it joined DPS-led coalition , List for a European Montenegro , but NSCG received no seat in the parliament . For a compensation , in 2003 it received one seat in the newly formed Parliament of Serbia and Montenegro . It was also notable as a contestant in the pro-independendist bloc during the 2006 independence referendum that won .
References
Political parties established in 2000
Political parties in Montenegro
Vibhav Roy is an Indian actor and model . Roy made his acting debut in Life OK 's show Gustakh Dil . Vibhav started as a model and has been in TV commercials for well known brands such as Hindware , Suzuki Connect , Philips and Olay among others . He was recently seen playing the memorable character Itaat Khan in the highly controversial yet acclaimed movie Padmaavat , alongside Ranveer Singh .
Filmography
Films
Web Shows
Television
Professional life
Vibhav started his career playing the main lead in Gustakh Dil on Life OK . He essayed the character of Nikhil , a suave educated businessman hailing from an affluent family who falls for a homely girl from a village . The show ran for 16 months and was quite a hit with the masses . With the show ending on a high , he portrayed the lead role of Ishaan in Zee TV 's Doli Armaano Ki . The success of this show paved the way for him to work on Ekta Kapoor 's Kuch Toh Hai Tere Mere Darmiyaan on Star TV . He quit the show within three months of joining getting replaced by Aly Goni and the show fizzled out due to low TRPs soon after .
After working in television for three years , he got a break in movies when he was approached for Padmaavat . He played the role of Itaat Khan in Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's magnum opus . Thereon , he depicted the character of 'Fahd Khan ' in Sony Pictures release Lashtam Pashtam , which released on August 11 , 2018 .
References
Living people
1987 births
St. Columba 's School , Delhi alumni
Första Kärleken is a 1992 Swedish television miniseries created by Leif Magnusson . Starring Linus Åberg , Alexandra Royal and Christopher Luschan . It 's loosely based on Hjärtans Fröjd , a novel by Per Nilsson , about a boy who fell in love with a girl .
Plot
Daniel Andersson looks forward to yet another exciting summer together with his friend Anders , but this year he 'll be spending most of his time with someone else . Anna , who is deaf , has moved in with her parents in the cottage next door . One day , while Daniel is swimming in a nearby lake , Anna shows up unexpectedly , and the two hit it off immediately . Before long , their friendship develops into a romance . Little do they know , local bad boy Jesper has been spying on them swimming , and Anna has caught his eye . When Jesper tries to move in on Anna , trouble ensues .
Cast
Main
Linus Åberg as Daniel
Alexandra Royal as Anna
Johan Lilja as Anders
Christopher Luschan as Jesper
Jimmy Sandin as Patrik
Hans Mosesson as Daniel 's Father
Ewa Carlsson as Daniel 's Mother
Recurring
Anders Ahlbom as Benny
Barbro Kollberg as Clara
Bergljót Arnadóttir as Ann-Britt
Gustav Elander as Bengt
Lars Green as Jesper 's Father
Anna Lindholm as Linda
Nadia Saleh as Maria
Pia Oscarsson as Lena
Susanne Barklund as Jenny
Nicke Wagemyr as Pelle
Ulla Akselsson as Cashier
Dan Johansson as Officer
Episodes
Release
The series was released on video cassette and is available in streaming .
References
External links
1992 Swedish television series debuts
1992 Swedish television series endings
Television shows based on Swedish novels
Swedish television miniseries
1990s Swedish television series
Tadeusz Jan Kowalski ( 1889-1948 ) was a Polish orientalist , expert on the Middle East Muslim culture and languages . He was a professor at Jagiellonian University , and a member of the Polish Academy of Learning .
Published works
Books
Ze studiów nad formą poezji ludów tureckich ( 1921 )
Arabowie i Turcy w świetle źródeł ( 1923 )
Turcja powojenna ( 1925 )
W sprawie zapożyczeń tureckich w języku polskim ( 1928 )
Karaimische Texte im Dialekt von Troki ( 1929 )
Próba charakterystyki twórczosci arabskiej ( 1933 )
Na szlakach islamu ( 1935 )
Zagadnienie liczby mnogiej w językach tureckich ( 1936 )
Próba charakterystyki ludów tureckich ( 1946 )
Studia nad `` Shah-name '' ( 1952-1953 , 2 v . )
Correspondence
Dziurzyńska , E. , et al . ( Ed . ) , Korespondencja Tadeusza Kowalskiego z Janem Rypką i Bedřichem Hroznym , Kraków , 2007 .
References
Sources
Biogramy uczonych polskich , Część I : Nauki społeczne , zeszyt 2 : K-O ( pod redakcją Andrzeja Śródki i Pawła Szczawińskiego ) , Ossolineum , Wrocław 1984 .
Majkowska , R . ( red . ) : Tadeusz Kowalski 1889-1948 . Materiały z posiedzenia naukowego PAU w dniu 19 czerwca 1998 r. , Kraków 1999 .
Stachowski , M. : `` Kowalski , Caferoğlu und die Universität Stambul '' . – Türk Dilleri Araştιrmalarι 8 ( Istanbul 1998 ) : 211–228 .
1889 births
1948 deaths
Polish orientalists
Jagiellonian University faculty
Reed aerophones is one of the categories of musical instruments found in the Hornbostel-Sachs system of musical instrument classification . In order to produce sound with these Aerophones the player 's breath is directed against a lamella or pair of lamellae which periodically interrupt the airflow and cause the air to be set in motion .
422 Reed aerophones
422.1 Double reed instruments - There are two lamellae which beat against one another .
422.11 ( Single ) oboes .
422.111 With cylindrical bore .
422.111.1 Without fingerholes .
422.111.2 With fingerholes .
Duduk
Piri
422.112 With conical bore .
Bassoon
Hne
Oboe
Oboe d'amore
Shawm
Taepyeongso
422.12 Sets of oboes .
422.121 With cylindrical bore .
422.122 With conical bore .
422.2 Single reed instruments - The pipe has a single 'reed ' consisting of a percussion lamella .
422.21 ( Single ) clarinets .
422.211 With cylindrical bore .
422.211.1 Without fingerholes .
422.211.2 With fingerholes .
Albogue
Alboka
Arghul
Chalumeau
Clarinet
Piccolo ( or sopranino , or octave ) clarinet
Soprano clarinet ( including E-flat clarinet )
Basset clarinet
Clarinette d'amour
Basset horn
Alto clarinet
Bass clarinet
Contra-alto clarinet
Contrabass clarinet
Octocontra-alto clarinet
Octocontrabass clarinet
Diplica
Hornpipe
Pibgorn
Saxonette
Sipsi
Xaphoon
Zhaleika
422.212 With conical bore .
422.21.1 Without fingerholes
Sneng ( end-blown version )
422.21.2 With fingerholes
Heckel-clarina
Heckelphone-clarinet
Octavin
Saxophone
Soprillo
Sopranino saxophone
Soprano saxophone
Mezzo-soprano saxophone
Alto saxophone
Tenor saxophone
C melody saxophone
Baritone saxophone
Bass saxophone
Contrabass saxophone
Subcontrabass saxophone
Tubax
Sneng ( side blown version )
Tárogató ( after 1890 )
422.22 Sets of clarinets .
Aulochrome
Double clarinet
Launeddas
Mijwiz
422.3 Reedpipes with free reeds - The reed vibrates through [ at ] a closely fitted frame . There must be fingerholes , otherwise the instrument belongs to the free reeds 412.13 .
422.31 Single pipes with free reed .
Tumpong
422.32 Double pipes with free reeds .
References
Music.vt.edu
Wesleyan.edu
Lists of musical instruments
Semeria may refer to :
Semeria River ( or Benedec River ) , a tributary of the Olt River in Romania
Giovanni Semeria ( 1867–1931 ) , Italian orator-preacher and author
The 2014 Southern Arkansas Muleriders football team represented Southern Arkansas University in the 2014 NCAA Division II football season . The team was coached by Bill Keopple , who finished his sixth season as head coach at SAU . The Muleriders played their home games at Wilkins Stadium in Magnolia , Arkansas and competed in the Great American Conference ( GAC ) .
Schedule
Southern Arkansas Muleriders
Southern Arkansas Muleriders football seasons
Southern Arkansas Muleriders
The Industrial Relations Act ( abbreviated 'IRA ' ) is a law in Mauritius , which regulates relations in the labour market . IRA gives the right for workers to strike , but with some limitations . The IRA stipulates a 21-day 'cool-down period ' before a strike can take effect and that the Ministry of Labour can decide that a dispute shall be settled by a binding arbitration in the Labour Court . The government may also declare a strike illegal if it is perceived as damaging the national economy .
References
Law of Mauritania
`` Why Do n't You Want My Love ? '' is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson . After recording her sixth studio album Bad Girl , which would be distributed in 1991 , Jackson signed a deal with BCM Records in Germany .
The song was intended to be the lead single for a new album under the BCM label , but the company went bankrupt before the album could be completed . `` Why Do n't You Want My Love ? '' was originally scheduled for a release in fall 1990 but was delayed several times until its release in January 1991 . The single was released in Germany , Austria and Switzerland .
BCM started a huge print campaign for the CD single , advertising the single with the caption `` A fresh new start with BCM '' , and there is even a short message for all DJs at the end of the CD single with Jackson 's soft voice asking , `` Now DJs , why do n't you want my love ? `` .
The single was released on 7 '' , 12 '' and CD formats , but failed to reach the charts . In 1993 , the song was licensed to the German label `` Legend '' , who released a remix of the song along with the 12 tracks from Jackson 's Bad Girl album . The compilation was titled Why Do n't You Want My Love ? .
Jackson quickly signed a new record deal with Pump Records in the Netherlands and released a new single and album only 10 months later .
Track listings
Why Do n't You Want My Love ? ( Radio Version )
Why Do n't You Want My Love ? ( Original Version )
Why Do n't You Want My Love ? ( Bruce Forest Remix )
Why Do n't You Want My Love ? ( Instrumental Remix - Hot Mix D.J . Drop In )
References
La Toya Jackson songs
1990 songs
Youssef Moustaïd ( born 21 August 1976 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder . Between 1994 and 2003 , he played in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 for AS Nancy .
References
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Nancy , France
French footballers
Association football midfielders
AS Nancy Lorraine players
US Raon-l'Étape players
Ligue 1 players
US Marseille Endoume players
Footballers from Grand Est
was the 10th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province , Honshū , Japan ( modern-day Aomori Prefecture ) . His courtesy title was Dewa-no-kami , to which was later added title Jujū , and his court rank was Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade .
Biography
Tsugaru Nobuyuki was the younger son of Tsugaru Yasuchika , the 9th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain . Yasuchika was originally a hatamoto ruling a 4000 koku fief at Kuroishi before he was adopted into the main Tsugaru clan line to become daimyō of Hirosaki . At that time , he turned Kuroishi over to his eldest son , and later elevated the holding to Kuroishi Domain . Yasuchika initially attempted to continue implementation many of the reforms initiated from the time of Tsugaru Nobuakira to restore prosperity to the disaster-prone domain , but faced stubborn opposition due to vested interests and extensive corruption issues with his retainers . Nobuyuki was appointed heir to Hirosaki , and was received by shōgun Tokugawa Ienari in formal audience in 1811 . He made his first visit to Hirosaki in 1812 .
Yasuchika enjoyed good relations with the Tokugawa shogunate and in 1811 was successful in arranging an extremely favorable marriage for Nobuyuki to the daughter of Konoe Motosaki , of the Kyoto court nobility . The bride died two years later , and Yasuchika then arranged a new marriage for Nobuyuki with the sixth daughter of Tokugawa Narimasa , head of the Tayasu-branch of the Tokugawa clan and sister of the Shogun . She also died in 1820 , and a third marriage was then arranged between Nobuyuki and the ninth daughter of Tokugawa Narimasa in 1822 . The financial outlay to the Court and to the Shogunate in exchange for these marriages was tremendous , amounting to many hundreds of thousands of ryō . Increased taxation led to peasant uprisings . In 1821 samurai of the Tsugaru clan 's arch-rivals , the Nanbu clan of Morioka Domain attempted to assassinate Yasuchika during the Sōma Daisaku Incident , and in 1825 Yasuchika retired , and turned the domain over to Nobuyuki .
Yasuchika continued to rule behind the scenes from the clan 's Edo residence , and lacking a personal power base or the respect of his senior retainers , Nobuyuki was reduced to an ineffectual figurehead , and was derided as the of Tsugaru . Rumors were spread of his laziness , lack of mental acuity , drunkenness , inappropriate behavior and lasciviousness during sankin-kōtai journeys to Edo . The shogunate was also outraged by reports that , despite the domain 's desperate financial situation , Nobuyuki was spending profligately on entertainments such as parades , firework displays , festivals and moon-viewing parties , and that he had taken a commoner ( the daughter of an Edo oil merchant ) as his concubine .
Nobuyuki was forced into retirement in 1839 , and the domain was turned over to an outsider , the 7th son of Matsudaira Nobuakira , lord of Yoshida Domain in Mikawa Province and a rōjū , who was adopted into the Tsugaru clan as Tsugaru Yukitsugu . Nobuyuki lived on to 1862 , and died at the age of 63 . His grave is at the clan temple of Shinryō-in ( a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji ) in Taitō-ku , Tokyo .
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
Koyasu Nobushige ( 1880 ) . Buke kazoku meiyoden 武家家族名誉伝 Volume 1 . Tokyo : Koyasu Nobushige . ( Accessed from National Diet Library , 17 July 2008 )
Kurotaki , Jūjirō ( 1984 ) . Tsugaru-han no hanzai to keibatsu 津軽藩の犯罪と刑罰 . Hirosaki : Hoppō shinsha .
Narita , Suegorō ( 1975 ) . Tsugaru Tamenobu : shidan 津軽為信 : 史談 . Aomori : Tōō Nippōsha .
Tsugaru Tsuguakira Kō Den kankōkai ( 1976 ) . Tsugaru Tsuguakira kō-den 津輕承昭公傳 . Tokyo : Rekishi Toshosha
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia .
External links
`` Hirosaki-jō '' ( 17 February 2008 )
`` Tsugaru-han '' on Edo 300 HTML ( 17 February 2008 )
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1800 births
1862 deaths
People of Edo-period Japan
Thomas Baylies ( 1687–March 1756 ) was a Quaker ironmaster first in England , then in Massachusetts .
Origins and family
Thomas Baylies was the son of Nicholas Baylies of Alvechurch in north Worcestershire . On 5 June 1706 , he married Esther , daughter of Thomas Seargeant of Fulford Heath , in Solihull in a Quaker ceremony at which 38 witnesses were present . They had eight children . Esther 's sister Mary married Abraham Darby I .
Coalbrookdale
By 1714 , Baylies had joined his brother-in-law , Abraham Darby , at his Coalbrookdale ironworks , becoming a partner with him and John Chamberlain . Together they built a second blast furnace at Coalbrookdale and secured the rights to build a furnace at Dolgûn near Dolgellau and taking over Vale Royal Furnace in 1718 . However , Darby died in July 1717 , before any progress was made with either project , and the partnership was dissolved .
Vale Royal Company
Baylies took over the Coalbrookdale Company 's right to Vale Royal in Cheshire . Lacking sufficient capital , he formed a new partnership with Charles Cholmondeley of Vale Royal Abbey , Richard Turner of Pettywood and William Watts of Newton near Middlewich . Turner was concerned in a coal mine at Thatto Heath near St Helens and persuaded his partners to build a furnace at Sutton ( there ) . They also built a forge at Acton Bridge and intended to ( but perhaps did not ) build another at Dean Mill in Haydock . Baylies moved to Marton near the works . The original capital of £5000 was doubled when the second furnace was planned . Baylies had difficulty in paying up the capital of his share , now reduced to one-sixth , because it was still tied up in the stock at Coalbrookdale . His difficulties were made worse by Mary Darby 's death following soon after that of her husband . The company suffered substantial losses , forcing Cholmondeley to make an assignment of his estate for the benefit of his creditors , blaming his troubles on the obstinacy of Dick Turner .
Later activities in Great Britain
It is not clear how long Baylies remained a partner in the Vale Royal Company ; certainly he was not its clerk . In 1723 , he was employed by William Wood to negotiate a lease of an iron ore mine at Frizington in Cumberland , and he may have had some involvement with his works there in 1728 . However he was living in Stourbridge in Worcestershre in 1729 . Between 1730 and 1735 , he may have even been concerned in the management of the Culnakyle ironworks at Abernethy of the York Buildings Company . In 1735 , he became the manager of a furnace near Neath , perhaps Bryncoch Furnace , which belonged to a Quaker Company from Bristol .
Massachusetts
In June 1737 , Baylies emigrated from London to Boston , Massachusetts , with his son Nicholas and daughter Esther . The following year , he brought over his wife and his daughters Mary and Helen . He settled at Attleborough Gore ( now Cumberland , Rhode Island ) , where he was an ironmaster under contract ( of 1738 ) with Richard Clarke & Co. of Boston . Another son , Thomas , Jr. emigrated later , and settled in Taunton , Massachusetts , where he kept a store , and later operated an iron works there . In 1739 , Nicholas moved to Uxbridge , Massachusetts to operate a forge on the Mumford River , in what is now Whitinsville .
Thomas Baylies , Sr. died at Cumberland , Rhode Island in March 1756 . He was buried in the family burying ground beside the Taunton River , next to his wife Esther , who had died in 1756 . A few months later in July 1756 , Thomas , Jr. also died . Nicholas Baylies left Uxbridge to take over the works in Taunton later that same year . The Baylies Iron Works , as it became known , was located on the Three Mile River in west Taunton , near the Dighton town line . The business flourished under the leadership of Nicholas Baylies . He soon became a large landowner in the area .
After the end of the American Revolution , Hodijah , the youngest son of Nicholas and a distinguished veteran of the war , took over control of the iron works . During this time , among other large contracts , he made the anchor for the frigate USS Constitution in 1797 . This was considered a great event in iron manufacture at the time . It required ten yokes of oxen to transport the anchor to tidewater at Dighton , to be taken on board Old Ironsides at Boston .
Hodijah continued in the iron business until 1810 , when he received the appointment of judge of probate , which office he held twenty four years . He disposed of the privilege and old mills to John West in 1809 , who built the paper mill on the opposite side of the river . West , who had been a merchant in Boston , was the first paper manufacturer in the Old Colony . In 1823–24 , West associated with Crocker & Richmond built a cotton mill on the site of the old iron works . He continued as agent of the cotton and paper mills until the time of his death in 1827 . The cotton mill was then managed by Crocker & Richmond until the time of their suspension in 1837 . It later became part of Whittenton Mills , operating as Westville Spinning Mill . In 1930 , a bronze plaque was placed near the spot once occupied by the Baylies Iron Works .
The Baylies family became very well known in the Taunton and Dighton area for many years , including William Baylies and Francis Baylies , who represented Massachusetts in the United States Congress during the early 1800s , and Nicholas Baylies , who served as a Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court .
In 1923 , the remains of Thomas Baylies and the first branch of the family were relocated a few miles from the Walker Blake Cemetery in south Taunton to the burial ground behind the family 's church in Dighton . The church is now known as the Dighton Community Church .
References
American ironmasters
People from Alvechurch
British Quakers
People of colonial Rhode Island
1687 births
1756 deaths
People from Cumberland , Rhode Island
Kingdom of England emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
Burials in Massachusetts
The Viscount del Castillo de Almansa is a Spanish hereditary title of nobility created by Carlos III on the 3rd December 1773 for Miguel de Almansa y Uriarte . The title is currently held by José Fernando de Almansa y Moreno-Barreda , 10th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa and Grandee of Spain .
Present holder
The present holder of the viscountcy is José Fernando de Almansa y Moreno-Barreda , 10th Viscount of Castillo Almansa . José Fernando de Almansa y Moreno-Barreda is a Spanish diplomat and former Head of the House of His Majesty the King of Spain .
Fernando Almansa studied law at the University of Deusto before entering the diplomatic service in 1974 . He was stationed in Brussels , Mexico and Moscow .
Fernando Almansa served as Head of the House of the Majesty of him King Juan Carlos I from 1993 to 2002 . On June 24 , 2002 , the King Juan Carlos I appointed him Grandee of Spain and later , he was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Carlos III .
Viscounts of Castillo de Almansa
José Fernando de Almansa y Moreno-Barreda , 1st Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Rafael de Almansa y Uriarte , 2nd Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Micaela de Almansa y Careaga , 3rd Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Miguel de Almansa y Almansa , 4th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Miguel de Almansa y Pérez de Herrasti , 5th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Fernando de Almansa y Cañavate , 6th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa
Fernando de Almansa y Arroyo , 7th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa and 9th Marquess of Cadimo
José María de Almansa y Cuevas , 8th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa and 10th Marquess of Cadimo
Fernando de Almansa y Valverde , 9th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa and 11th Marquess of Cadimo
José Fernando de Almansa y Moreno-Barreda , 10th Viscount of Castillo de Almansa and Grandee of Spain
References
Spanish nobility
Viscounts of Spain
Hypodoxa muscosaria , the textured emerald , is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1857 . It is found along the east coast of Australia .
The wingspan is about 40 mm .
References
Moths described in 1857
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Australia
The following articles contain lists of Olympic medalists in handball :
List of Olympic medalists in handball ( men )
List of Olympic medalists in handball ( women )
Azorhizophilus is a genus from the family of Pseudomonadaceae , with one known species ( Azorhizophilus paspali ) .
References
Further reading
Pseudomonadales
Monotypic bacteria genera
Bacteria genera
Brendon Cannon ( born 30 August 1961 ) is an Australian boxer . He competed in the men 's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics . At the 1984 Summer Olympics , he lost to Rick Duff of Canada .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Australian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Australia
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Middleweight boxers
Society Smugglers is a 1939 American crime film directed by Joe May and starring Preston Foster , Irene Hervey and Walter Woolf King .
The film sets were designed by the art director Jack Otterson .
Cast
Preston Foster as Sully
Irene Hervey as Joan Martin
Walter Woolf King as Massey
Frank Jenks as Emery
Fred Keating as Larry Kearns
Regis Toomey as Johnny Beebe
Frances Robinson as Mary Larson
Raymond Parker as Ames
Clay Clement as Harrison
Doris Rankin as Miss Wexley
Harry Hayden as Dr. Lee
Frank Reicher as Jones
Milburn Stone as Peter Garfield
Jack Norton as Prentis
Michael Mark as Rug Merchant
George Lynn as Austin
Eddie Acuff as Radio Expert
Mary Field as Secretary
James Baker as Plainclothesman
Frank Bischell as Newsboy
Heinie Conklin as Mailman
Kernan Cripps as Detective
Robert Darrell as Radio Technician
Edward Earle as Customs Officer
Billy Engle as Patient
Douglas Evans as Radio Announcer
Eddie Fetherston as Steward
Allen Fox as Photographer
Eddie Hall as Taxi Cab Driver
Sibyl Harris as Matron
Ben Lewis as Jeff
Gerald Mohr as Footman
Lyle Moraine as Cabin Boy
Christiane Tourneur as Claire
Emmett Vogan as Clemons
Max Wagner as Taxi Driver
References
Bibliography
Monaco , James . The Encyclopedia of Film . Perigee Books , 1991 .
External links
1939 films
1939 crime films
American crime films
Films directed by Joe May
Universal Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Randall Greenawalt ( February 24 , 1949 – January 23 , 1997 ) was an American serial killer and mass murderer . Originally sentenced to life imprisonment for two murders committed in 1974 , Greenawalt later became notorious for escaping together with fellow murderer Gary Tison and his three sons from prison , embarking on a two-week killing spree through Arizona and Colorado that left six people dead in 1978 . He was promptly sentenced to death and thereafter executed in 1997 , with his case serving as the basis for the Supreme Court decision Tison v. Arizona .
First murders and imprisonment
In early January 1974 , Greenawalt went on a trip down to Miami , Florida , where he planned to exchange his car with a couple from Denver , Colorado . On January 12 , the body of 42-year-old Henry A. Weber , a Global Van Lines truck driver who had been shot in the head , was found at a highway rest area in Mississippi County , Arkansas . Initially , nobody could be connected to the crime until four days later , when police officers in Tempe , Arizona detained brothers Randy and James Greenawalt , 25 and 23 , respectively , for the January 15 murder of 33-year-old Stanley Edward Sandage at a rest area near Flagstaff . Like Weber , Sandage was a truck driver working for Whitfield Tank Lines who was found shot to death in his tank truck in an apparent robbery , as $ 42 had been stolen from his wallet .
The Greenawalts were arrested for trying to purchase stereo equipment using Sandage 's MasterCharge card , and upon inspecting their vehicle , they found a .32-caliber pistol that was positively identified as the murder weapon , and a .243-caliber rifle that might have been the second murder weapon . A third man , 33-year-old George Sanders , an apparent acquaintance of the brothers , was also arrested for federal firearms violations and credit card fraud in relation to the case . Due to the similarity of the two cases , a sheriff from Arkansas was dispatched to question Randy in the earlier killing , but decided to wait until the case in Arizona went first . In a bid to avoid the death penalty , the elder Greenawalt pleaded guilty to the murder and was sentenced to life imprisonment , in exchange for testifying against his brother , who had pleaded innocent on all charges . During the trial , it was made apparent that in the Sandage murder , Randy had pre-emptively painted an `` X '' on the window of the truck before proceeding to open fire and kill his victim . Thanks to his testimony , James was also convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment , which he was to spend at the Florence State Prison . In the meantime , Randy was extradited to face charges in Arkansas , but despite his willing confession to both this and another murder committed in Colorado , the case fell through and he was returned to serve his sentence in Arizona .
Escape and killing spree
During his time in prison , Greenawalt was considered a model inmate and granted a cushy job as an office clerk . Another inmate who was placed in the trustee unit with him was 43-year-old Gary Gene Tison , serving a life term for stabbing a prison guard , who had a history of escape attempts from the facility . On July 30 , 1978 , Tison 's three sons ( Donald , Ricky and Raymond ) , who regularly visited their father in prison , entered the prison , ostensibly for another one of their visits . While Ricky was talking to his father , his brothers pulled out a sawn-off shotgun concealed in a cardboard box they had been carrying and ordered the guards to go into the booth . Greenawalt , who had been working in the booth , then cut the alarm and phone lines , and was provided with a pistol . After locking the remaining guards , visitors and prisoners into a supply closet , all five men escaped in the Tisons ' 1969 Ford Galaxie , with their planned final destination being a small ranch across the border in Sáric , Mexico , where Gary allegedly had connections with a drug smuggling network .
On the way towards Yuma , the gang had changed their car with a black Lincoln Continental and drove on dirt roads to avoid roadblocks . On the next day , the gang were near Quartzsite when their car blew a tire and they were left stranded by the roadside . The Tisons and Greenawalt then established a campsite in the area , when they were noticed by 24-year-old Marine Sgt . John Lyons , who was driving along the highway with his 23-year-old wife Donnelda , 22-month-old son Christopher and 15-year-old niece Teresa-Jo Tyson . Lyons stopped and offered to help them out , but he and his family members were then threatened at gunpoint into the Continental and driven out in the desert . There , both Gary and Greenawalt proceeded to shoot the Lyonses to death , while Tyson was left to bleed out , dying while attempting to crawl away from the car . The Lyonses ' corpses were discovered on August 6 , while Tyson 's was found five days after .
In the meantime , the gang had stolen the family 's orange Mazda and headed to Wenden , where they had spray-painted it in silver color . After this , they headed towards Flagstaff , where they established a campsite on the outskirts of town . Greenawalt and Donald then went to visit a female pen pal of Greenawalt 's , who bought them a truck and ammunition , while the other three rested . Shortly after , Gary arranged for a plane to fly them out of the United States in Clovis , New Mexico , but authorities had caught wind of their scheme and set up an ambush . However , upon arriving at the airport , the gang realized and instead headed towards southwestern Colorado . Along their way , they came across Texas newlyweds James and Marlene Judge , 26 and 23 , respectively , who were on their way to Denver to watch a football match . The gang killed them near Pagosa Springs , stole their van and then buried their bodies , which were not found until months after their disappearance .
Arrest , trial and sentence
After stealing the Judges ' van , the gang headed to Casa Grande , Arizona , where they stayed with a relative of Gary 's . After resting for a day , they continued their trip towards Mexico , unaware that by then , the police had set up roadblocks along every intersection of the roads . Along the way , the gang attempted to break into a gas station near Gila Bend , but were unsuccessful in doing so . On August 11 , the van approached their first roadblock in rural Pinal County . The gang opened fire on the approaching officer , barely missing him , before they drove right through the blockade .
About six miles ahead , they faced another roadblock , but this time , the deputies opened fire on the van . Donald Tison , who was driving , was fatally hit in the head , causing the vehicle to careen off the road . After it halted , the remaining four fled towards the desert , with the deputies chasing after them . A helicopter was dispatched to illuminate the area , revealing that Greenawalt and the two living Tison brothers had been hiding in a ditch . While all three were armed , they surrendered peacefully to the authorities . Gary Tison remained on the run for 11 days , until his body was discovered by chemical worker Ray Thomas under a mesquite tree near his workplace . He had died of exposure , about a mile and a half from where the van had crashed .
Following their capture , Greenawalt and the Tison brothers were first arraigned on charges of prison escape and assault , for which they were speedily convicted in December 1978 . Soon after , Greenawalt was charged with four counts of capital murder , three counts of kidnapping , two counts of armed robbery and one count of auto theft , while Ricky and Raymond , who claimed that they took no part in the killings , pleaded guilty to one count of murder as part of a plea bargain to testify against their accomplice . However , once they refused to do so , the judge declared a mistrial and reversed the verdict , allowing the brothers to be charged anew . On February 16 , 1979 , Greenawalt was convicted on all charges , showing no emotion when his verdict was read out . On March 26 , he was officially sentenced to death for the four murders , as well as being given concurrent life terms for his other convictions . Justice Douglas Keddie later stated that he had no reason to be lenient with the convict , as he found no mitigating circumstances in the case and determined the killings to be cruel and unnecessary . The murder charges in Colorado were dropped following the Arizona convictions , and the case was officially closed .
Execution
After spending two decades on Arizona 's death row with unsuccessful attempts to have his sentence commuted , Greenawalt was executed via lethal injection at the Florence State Prison on January 23 , 1997 . His last meal consisted of two cheeseburgers , French fries , coffee and milk from the prison cafeteria , and his final statement was the following : `` I have prayed for you many times and the Lord is using you well . Do n't worry about me . I 'll be fine . ”
Ricky and Raymond Tison , who had also been sentenced to death for their roles in the murders , later had their sentences commuted to life imprisonment after the Arizona Supreme Court determined that they were not active participants in the shootings .
See also
General :
Capital punishment in Arizona
Capital punishment in the United States
List of people executed by lethal injection
List of people executed in Arizona
List of serial killers in the United States
Supreme Court case :
Tison v. Arizona
External links
FindAGrave
State v. Greenawalt ( 1981 )
Greenawalt v. Ricketts et al ( 1986 )
In media and culture
The events around the Tison Gang have been dramatized in two separate films : the 1983 made-for-television film A Killer in the Family , and 2017 's Last Rampage .
Bibliography
References
1949 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
Male serial killers
American murderers of children
American escapees
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Arkansas
People convicted of murder by Arizona
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Arkansas
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Arizona
20th-century executions by Arizona
Executed American serial killers
People executed by Arizona by lethal injection
People executed for murder
Executed people from Missouri
Criminals from Missouri
People from Hannibal , Missouri
American mass murderers
Executed mass murderers
Denis O'Shea ( April 1932 – 22 June 2010 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Camp and Kerins O'Rahilly 's and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team .
Career
O'Shea first played Gaelic football at club level with Camp before transferring to the Kerins O'Rahilly 's , with whom he won three Kerry Senior Football Championship titles between 1953 and 1957 . He first appeared on the inter-county scene with the Kerry junior team in 1955 before immediately being drafted onto the senior team . O'Shea won the first of two provincial championship medals that year before ending the season with an All-Ireland title after lining out at midfield in the defeat of Dublin in the 1955 All-Ireland final . He ended his career by claiming a National League title in 1959 .
Honours
Kerins O'Rahilly 's
Kerry Senior Football Championship : 1953 , 1954 , 1957
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship : 1955
Leinster Senior Football Championship : 1955 , 1958
National Football League : 1958-59
References
External links
Dinny O'Shea profile at the Terrace Talk website
1932 births
2010 deaths
Bus drivers
Kerins O'Rahilly 's Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
SMS Delphin was a of the Prussian Navy ( later the Imperial German Navy ) that was launched in 1860 . A small vessel , armed with only three light guns , Delphin served during the Second Schleswig War of 1864 and the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 , part of the conflicts that unified Germany . The ship was present at , but was only lightly engaged in the Battle of Jasmund during the Second Schleswig War . The ship spent much of the rest of her career in the Mediterranean Sea , going on three lengthy deployments there in 1865–1866 , 1867–1870 , and 1871–1873 . During the last tour , she took part in operations off the coast of Spain with an Anglo-German squadron during the Third Carlist War , where she helped to suppress forces rebelling against the Spanish government . For the rest of the 1870s , she served as a survey vessel in the North and Baltic Seas before being decommissioned in August 1881 , stricken from the naval register the following month , and subsequently broken up for scrap .
Design
Delphin was long , with a beam of and a draft of . She displaced at full load . The ship 's crew consisted of 4 officers and 67 enlisted men . She was powered by a single marine steam engine that drove one 3-bladed screw propeller , with steam provided by two coal-fired trunk boilers , which gave her a top speed of at . As built , she was equipped with a three-masted schooner rig . The ship was armed with a battery of one rifled 24-pounder muzzle-loading gun and two rifled 12-pounder muzzle-loading guns .
Service history
Construction through 1866
The keel for Delphin was laid down at the Königliche Werft ( Royal Dockyard ) in Danzig on 8 September 1859 . She was launched a little over a year later , on 15 September 1860 . After completing fitting-out , she was transferred to the naval base at Stralsund in September 1861 , and while en route conducted speed trials that demonstrated Delphin was capable of a speed higher than her sister ships . Her higher speed led to several overseas deployments later in her career , though like her sisters , she was initially laid up in reserve after completion . In late 1863 , tensions began to rise between Prussia and Austria of the German Confederation and Denmark over the latter 's November Constitution , which integrated the duchies of Schleswig , Holstein , and Lauenburg with Denmark , a violation of the London Protocol that had ended the First Schleswig War . On 1 March 1864 , after the start of the Second Schleswig War , Delphin was reactivated and stationed in Dänholm off Stralsund . There , she was assigned to the II Flotilla Division . On 14 April , after a minor action off the island of Hiddensee , in which Delphin did not take part , the Prussian gunboat flotilla was reduced to a reserve formation and took no further active part in the war . After the war in 1865 , Delphin was tasked with surveying Eckernförde Bay outside Kiel in Holstein , which was now under the administration of the German Confederation . From 1 to 3 March , Delphin served as an icebreaker in Eckernförde Bay .
In February , the naval high command had decided to send Delphin to Constantinople , the capital of the Ottoman Empire , to serve as a station ship to protect German interests in the region . Accordingly , Delphin underwent a major overhaul to prepare her for the overseas deployment . During the overhaul , her schooner rig was reduced slightly to a barquentine rig , and the boat 's 24-pounder was replaced with a rifled 68-pounder gun . Delphin conducted a training cruise with the corvette to Sonderburg , Travemünde , and Wismar from 20 to 23 July . On 3 August , Delphin towed the frigate back to port after the latter had had her rigging damaged in a storm . Three days later , Delphin left Prussia for the Mediterranean Sea in company with Nymphe , stopping initially in Piraeus on 22 September . The vessels ' deployment was short-lived , however , as war with Austria threatened in April 1866 , and both ships were recalled to Prussia . They arrived on 3 July , the day the Prussian army decisively defeated Austria at the Battle of Königgrätz . For the remainder of the war , Delphin was assigned to the North Sea Flotilla , which was commanded by then-Korvettenkapitän ( KK—Corvette Captain ) Reinhold von Werner from his flagship , the ironclad turret ship . For the duration of the conflict , the flotilla operated out of Geestemünde . Without a naval threat from Austria , the Prussian navy therefore concentrated its effort against the Kingdom of Hanover . On 22 August , Delphin was decommissioned in Danzig .
1867–1881
In 1867 , the high command decided to send Delphin back to the Mediterranean . She was sent to the Königliche Werft in Danzig for a reconstruction that would make the vessel more suitable for an extended overseas assignment . This included replacing old or damaged hull timbers , installing a new deck , and rebuilding the crew spaces to make them more habitable . On 1 May 1868 , Delphin was finally recommissioned for her assignment , but conflicts in the Reichstag ( Diet of the Realm ) over budgets forced the navy to cancel Delphins deployment to save money . Accordingly , she was placed out of service temporarily . In August , Delphin was recommissioned and on the 21st , began the voyage to the Mediterranean . While en route , damage to her engine forced her to stop in Algiers for repairs . She finally reached Constantinople on 17 October , and on 24 October she steamed to the mouth of the Danube at Sulina . She steamed about upstream to the town of Giurgiu before returning to Constantinople . She made a similar trip up the Danube in 1869 , and also stopped in Varna , Bulgaria on the way back to Constantinople .
In October , Delphin took Crown Prince Friedrich Wilhelm from Corinth , Greece to Constantinople , where he met Sultan Abdülaziz . Friedrich Wilhelm then moved to the corvette , and on 28 October , Delphin was sent to Port Said , where the opening ceremonies of the Suez Canal were scheduled to take place on 17 November . There , she investigated the possibility of Friedrich Wilhelm transiting the canal aboard Hertha . She remained there for the ceremonies , staying there until 10 December when she returned to Constantinople . On 11 April 1870 , Delphin received the order to return to Prussia , though she was damaged off the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal , forcing her to put into Lisbon for repairs . She reached Plymouth on 16 June , where she rendezvoused with the armored frigate and the artillery school ship from the Armored Squadron . Three days later , she joined the Armored Squadron for a cruise in the Atlantic , though on 22 June , Delphin and Renown were detached to return to Prussia . They arrived in Kiel on 28 June , where Delphin was decommissioned on 11 July .
Delphin was in need of repairs after her lengthy tour in the Mediterranean ; as a result , she was not recommissioned when the Franco-Prussian War broke out eight days after her decommissioning . The vessel was ready to return to service only by 22 April 1871 , by which time the war was all but over . She was ordered to begin another deployment to the Mediterranean on 13 May , but her departure was delayed until 29 August . The ship stopped in Algiers on 29 September and Tunis on 1 October , both in French North Africa ; the stops occurred without incident . On 25 October , Delphin arrived in Constantinople . The navy ministry had intended to use Delphin to carry the archaeologist Ernst Curtius back from Piraeus , but he left on another vessel on 12 October , while Delphin was still en route . In February 1872 , she carried Prince Friedrich Karl on his tour of Greece and the Ottoman Empire , making stops in Athens , Greece , and Chios , Bursa , and Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire . Delphin cruised the Danube in October and November that year . In early March 1873 , the navy sent Delphin to Spain to join the ironclad and the corvette to protect German interests during the Third Carlist War . The German vessels , commanded by now-Konteradmiral ( Rear Admiral ) von Werner , joined a British squadron . The Anglo-German force blockaded Cartagena , which was then controlled by the rebel faction , and attacked two rebel-controlled ironclads , forcing them to surrender .
On 4 October , Delphin was replaced by her sister . Delphin returned to Kiel , where on 4 December , she was once again decommissioned . Work then began to convert her into a survey vessel ; this included removal of her armament , construction of a deck house , replacement of her barquentine rig with a barque rig , and the installation of a new bridge . The work was finished by April 1874 , and she thereafter began survey work with her similarly converted sister . Delphin was again decommissioned for the winter on 21 October . She returned to service each year through 1879 during the summer months , before being decommissioned each year in October or November . During this period , she surveyed the area around Heligoland in 1877 and covered some of the Baltic between 1878 and 1879 . In 1880 she had her rigging removed , and though not officially commissioned , took part in the raising of the aviso in October and November , which had been sunk in torpedo tests with the aviso on 14 July . Delphin was recommissioned a last time on 15 March 1881 for service as a fishery protection ship , but this service was short-lived . Delphin was decommissioned on 13 August , stricken from the naval register on 30 September , and thereafter sold to ship breakers for scrap .
Notes
References
1860 ships
Camäleon-class gunboats
Ships built in Danzig
The Carmelite sunbird ( Chalcomitra fuliginosa ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is found in Liberia as well as the lower Congo River and coastal areas of western and central Africa down to central Angola .
References
Carmelite sunbird
Birds of West Africa
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Carmelite sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tymbophora is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Xyloryctidae . Its sole species is Tymbophora peltastis , which is found in most of Australia .
T. peltastis has a wingspan of 19–27 mm . The forewings are very pale whitish-ochreous , with fine scattered black or brownish scales , more or less tinged or suffused with pale fuscous except towards the anterior half of the costa , sometimes very faintly . There is a trapezoidal deep brown-red blotch , irrorated with black and a few ochreous-whitish scales , extending on the inner margin from one-third to three-fourths , narrowed upwards , the upper side flat , not reaching half across the wing . There are also three or four brownish dots on the posterior half of the costa . The hindwings are fuscous-grey , more or less suffused with pale whitish-ochreous anteriorly .
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus polyanthemos and Angophora costata , webbing green leaves with silk and beneath the bark .
References
Xyloryctidae
Moths of Australia
Monotypic moth genera
Moths described in 1850
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Xyloryctidae genera
McDonald Yobe ( born 11 September 1981 ) is a retired Malawian footballer who played as a midfielder or striker .
Career
Yobe was the first player to be transferred for 1 million kwacha when he moved from Telecom Wanderers to local rival Big Bullets . He played his last professional season for Ottawa Wizards in the Canadian Soccer League .
International career
He also played for the Malawi national team .
Personal
He has retired from active football , and is a resident in Manchester where he plays for a local social team of diaspora Malawians . Yobe is married with two children .
References
1981 births
Living people
Canadian Professional Soccer League ( 1998–2005 ) players
Malawian footballers
Nyasa Big Bullets FC players
Ottawa Wizards players
Malawian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Malawian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Mighty Wanderers FC players
Association football forwards
Malawi international footballers
Vidyut may refer to
Vidyut ( given name )
Vidyut-class missile boat of Indian Navy
INS Vidyut ( disambiguation ) – several ships
Delhi Vidyut Board in India
Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam , Indian electric-power company
The Sopwith Sparrow was a manned light aircraft developed from the Sopwith A.T. ( Aerial Target ) drone and was powered by a ABC Gnat engine .
References
Sparrow
Biplanes
Koninklijke Sint-Niklase Sportkring Excelsior was a Belgian football club from the town of Sint-Niklaas that merged with KSC Lokeren in 2000 , establishing K.S.C . Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen .
It was created in 1920 as F.C . Beerschot but the name changed a year later to V.V . Beerschot Sint-Niklaas . The club then registered to the Belgian FA as Sint-Niklaassche S.K . in 1922 and received the matricule n°221 . Right after World War II , Sint-Niklaassche qualified for the first division but only stayed at that level for two seasons . Following the relegation , the name changed to Sint-Niklaasse S.K . and then to K. Sint-Niklase S.K . in 1974 .
References
Belgian football clubs history
RSSSF Archive
Association football clubs established in 1920
Defunct football clubs in Belgium
Association football clubs disestablished in 2000
1920 establishments in Belgium
2000 disestablishments in Belgium
Sport in East Flanders
Organisations based in Belgium with royal patronage
Belgian First Division A clubs
Sint-Niklaas
47001–47100
|-id=002
| 47002 Harlingten || || Caisey Harlingten ( born 1947 ) , Chilean amateur astronomer ||
|-id=005
| 47005 Chengmaolan || || Maolan Cheng ( 1905–1978 ) , Chinese first director of the Beijing Astronomical Observatory , Chinese Academy of Sciences ||
|-id=038
| 47038 Majoni || || Vittore Majoni ( 1936–2002 ) , Italian electrical engineer , secondary education teacher , and amateur astronomer , charter member of the `` Associazione Astronomica Cortina '' ( ) , and director of the Helmut Ullrich Astronomical Observatory ( Col Drusciè Observatory ) ||
|-id=044
| 47044 Mcpainter || || John D. McClusky ( 1914–1994 ) , American painter and founder of the Fredericksburg Art Guild from Fredericksburg , Texas , near the discovery site ||
|-id=045
| 47045 Seandaniel || || Sean Daniel Cooney ( born 2002 ) is the son of the discoverer Walter R. Cooney Jr. and enjoys star parties with his family ||
|-id=077
| 47077 Yuji || || Yuji Nakamura ( born 1956 ) , Japanese amateur astronomer and chemical engineer , discoverer of comet and re-discoverer of comet 122P/de Vico ||
|-id=086
| 47086 Shinseiko || || Shinseiko , Kanagawa prefecture , the youngest natural lake of Japan , formed as a result of the Great Kantō earthquake of 1923 ||
| }
47101–47200
|-id=144
| 47144 Faulkes || 1999 PY || Dill Faulkes ( born 1944 ) , British cosmologist and software tycoon , founder of the Dill Faulkes Educational Trust and the Faulkes Telescope Project ||
|-id=162
| 47162 Chicomendez || || Chico Mendes ( 1944–1988 ) , Brazilian seringueiro who fought against environmental pollution of the Amazon forest , recipient of the 1987 Global 500 prize from the United Nations Environment Programme ||
|-id=164
| 47164 Ticino || || Ticino , a canton of Switzerland , where the Gnosca Observatory ( the discovery site ) is located ||
|-id=171
| 47171 Lempo || || Lempo is the ancient Finnish devil who , with the help of his two demon cohorts , Hiisi and Paha , brought down the hero Väinämöinen . Within the trans-Neptunian triple system , the satellite ( 47171 ) Lempo I was discovered on 2001 Dec. 8 by C. A. Trujillo and M. E. Brown using the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) , and is named Paha . The primary was identified as a binary by S. D. Benecchi et al . through re-analysis of the HST data originally obtained by Trujillo and Brown . Lempo refers to the larger component of the central binary and Hiisi to the smaller component . ||
| }
47201–47300
|-id=219
| 47219 Heatherkoehler || || Heather Koehler ( born 1975 ) is an aerospace engineer at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center . She took the lead in developing NASA 's first generation of directional meteoroid models , used in the placement of shielding on many crewed and robotic spacecraft . ||
|-id=293
| 47293 Masamitsu || 1999 WO || Masamitsu Nakamura ( born 1965 ) , Japanese amateur astronomer and medical technologist , co-discoverer of comet C/1994 N1 ( Nakamura-Nishimura-Machholz ) ||
|-id=294
| 47294 Blanský les || || Blanský les ( Blanský Forest ) , a Czech Protected Landscape Area in south Bohemia , dominated by Kleť Mountain ||
| }
47301–47400
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
47401–47500
|-id=466
| 47466 Mayatoyoshima || || Maya Toyoshima ( born 1991 ) is a Japanese vocalist and original member of the musical group `` Kalafina '' . ||
|-id=494
| 47494 Gerhardangl || || Gerhard Dangl ( born 1959 ) , an Austrian amateur astronomer and teacher ||
| }
47501–47600
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
47601–47700
|-id=619
| 47619 Johnpursch || || John Pursch ( born 1958 ) is a long-time computing systems manager of the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory and Department of Planetary Sciences . He has provided critical support for numerous planetary scientists , students and spacecraft missions . He is also known for his award-winning poetry . ||
|-id=620
| 47620 Joeplassmann || || Joe Plassmann ( born 1965 ) is the systems manager for the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory , Planetary Image Research Laboratory , and manages the ground data processing system for NASA 's High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . ||
|-id=627
| 47627 Kendomanik || 2000 CX || Ken Domanik ( born 1957 ) is a geologist , experimental petrologist and long-time manager of the Michael J. Drake Electron Microprobe Laboratory at the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory . Renowned for his analytical expertise , he provides invaluable support for numerous scientists and students worldwide . ||
|-id=649
| 47649 Susanbrew || || Susan Brew ( born 1951 ) served as the Program Manager for the University of Arizona and Arizona NASA Space Grant Consortium since the program 's inception in 1988 . Susan directly supported over 1 \ , 300 STEM leaders , mentors and affiliates and her work has positively impacted the lives of countless others . ||
| }
47701–47800
|-id=707
| 47707 Jamieson || || Harry D. Jamieson ( born 1945 ) was one of the leading lights of the Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers in the 1960–2000 period , alternately serving as a Lunar Recorder , Board Member , Membership Secretary and then Director ( 1998–2000 ) . During this time he organized their Lunar Dome program . ||
|-id=708
| 47708 Jimhamilton || || Jim Hamilton ( 1947–2021 ) , an American amateur astronomer who lived in Caballo , New Mexico . ||
|-id=775
| 47775 Johnanderson || || John William Anderson ( born 1953 ) , American engineer at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona . He analyzed and digitized images of the Surveyor program and worked at the university 's TV station . ||
| }
47801–47900
|-id=835
| 47835 Stevecoe || || Steve Coe ( born 1949 ) , an American amateur astronomer with the Saguaro Astronomical Society , in Phoenix , Arizona , and author of several book on observational astronomy ||
|-id=843
| 47843 Maxson || || Paul Maxson ( born 1951 ) , an American astrophotographer and coordinator at the Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers ( ALPO ) , an international scientific and educational organization . In 2014 he received the Walter Haas Observer 's Award from the ALPO for his high quality images . ||
|-id=851
| 47851 Budine || || Phillip Budine ( born 1937 ) has been an avid lunar and planetary observer for decades . He has served in the Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers ( ALPO ) , including being Recorder for the Jupiter Section . In 1992 he received the ALPO 's Walter Haas Observer 's Award for his years of excellent observational work . ||
|-id=891
| 47891 García-Migani || || Esteban García-Migani ( born 1983 ) is a member of the Planetary Science Group of the Universidad Nacional de San Juan ( Argentina ) . He specializes in the study of physical and dynamical properties of comets and active asteroids . ||
| }
47901–48000
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
References
047001-048000
Lessandro Façanha Frazão Barreto ( born November 5 , 1984 in Macapá ) , widely known as simply Lessandro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos–AP as midfielder . He already played for national competitions such as Copa do Brasil and Campeonato Brasileiro Série D .
Career statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
People from Macapá
Santos Futebol Clube ( AP ) players
Sportspeople from Amapá
Break-in or breaking in , also known as run-in or running in , is the procedure of conditioning a new piece of equipment by giving it an initial period of running , usually under light load , but sometimes under heavy load or normal load . It is generally a process of moving parts wearing against each other to produce the last small bit of size and shape adjustment that will settle them into a stable relationship for the rest of their working life .
One of the most common examples of break-in is engine break-in for petrol engines and diesel engines .
Engine break-in
A new engine is broken in by following specific driving guidelines during the first few hours of its use . The focus of breaking in an engine is on the contact between the piston rings of the engine and the cylinder wall . There is no universal preparation or set of instructions for breaking in an engine . Most importantly , experts disagree on whether it is better to start engines on high or low power to break them in . While there are still consequences to an unsuccessful break-in , they are harder to quantify on modern engines than on older models . In general , people no longer break in the engines of their own vehicles after purchasing a car or motorcycle , because the process is done in production . It is still common , even today , to find that an owner 's manual recommends gentle use at first ( often specified as the first 500 or 1000 kilometres or miles ) . But it is usually only normal use without excessive demands that is specified , as opposed to light/limited use . For example , the manual will specify that the car be driven normally , but not in excess of the highway speed limit .
Goal
The goal of modern engine break-ins is the settling of piston rings into an engine 's cylinder wall . A cylinder wall is not perfectly smooth but has a deliberate slight roughness to help oil adhesion . As the engine is powered up , the piston rings between the pistons and cylinder wall will begin to seal against the wall 's small ridges .
Additionally older design engines had a flat lifter that was pushed by the camshaft lobes . It needs to spin during operation to avoid excessive wear to the camshaft lobe . At idle speeds on a new engine poor machining tolerances could prevent the lifter from spinning and destroy the camshaft . After 20 minutes of wear , or `` self machining '' at higher engine speeds they would typically be able to spin freely .
In the past , the engine break-in period was very important to the overall life and durability of the engine . The break-in period required has changed over the years with improved piston ring materials and designs . In reference to small engines , the break-in period now ( 5-10 hours ) is short in comparison with that of engines of the past . Aluminum cylinder bore engine piston rings break-in faster than those used on cast iron cylinder bores .
Preparation
There are important preparations which must be made before the actual process of running the engine . The break-in can take place either in the vehicle or on an engine stand . Each engine has specific preparation needs of its own due to factors such as the many different types of engine models , the vehicles it belongs to , and conflicting expert instructions . For example , each engine should be lubricated and run on oil specified by its designers which can be found in a manual .
Process
The main area of controversy among engine break-in instructions is whether to run the engine slowly or quickly to initiate the process . Those who promote raising the power settings steadily will recommend changing the engine setting from low to high powers as to not work the engine too hard and create excessive wear on the cylinder wall ( which would require the pistons to be removed and wall fixed ) . Other experts disagree and believe that to start the engine at a high power is the best way to effectively set in the pistons . The following are examples of how the two processes can be carried out :
Start high power
Start with revolutions per minute ( rpm ) between 2500 and 4000 , and run the engine for about 20 minutes while watching so that the oil pressure does not get too high , which is dangerous . After changing oil and checking that the engine functions , drive using lower power settings . A high power setting is relative to the vehicle type , so half as many rpm may be necessary if a car has a smaller cylinder wall .
Start low power
Revolutions per minute should be around 1500 rpm . Run for about half an hour while checking the oil pressure and there should not be any over-boiling of the engine 's coolant , which is a combination of air , oil , and water . Once this initial step is completed , drive at varying speeds on the road ( or stand ) by accelerating between speeds of 30 and 50 miles per hour .
Consequences
The following are consequences of a bad engine break-in :
Oil will gather in the cylinder wall , and a vehicle will use much more of it than necessary .
If a ring does not set into the grooves of the cylinder wall but creates friction against them each time an engine runs , the cylinder wall will be worn out .
Unsuccessful setting of piston rings into a cylinder wall will result in the necessity of new engine parts , or the entire engine depending on how extensive the damage is .
Camshaft lobes wear down and are destroyed on flat type lifters in older engine designs .
Modern versus older break-in regimens
For many kinds of equipment ( with automotive engines being the prime example ) , the time it takes to complete break-in procedures has decreased significantly from a number of days to a few hours , for several reasons .
The main reason is that the factories in which they are produced are now capable of better machining and assembly . For example , it is easier to hold tighter tolerances now , and the average surface finish of a new cylinder wall has improved . Manufacturers decades ago were capable of such accuracy and precision , but not with as low a unit cost or with as much ease . Therefore , the average engine made today resembles , in some technical respects , the top-end custom work of back then . Engine design has changed and most engines use roller lifters not flat lifters . For some equipment , break-in is now done at the factory , obviating end-user break-in . This is advantageous for several reasons . It is a selling point with customers who do n't want to have to worry about break-in and want full performance `` right out of the box '' . And it also aligns with the fact that compliance rates are always uncertain in the hands of end users . As with medical compliance or regulatory compliance , an authority can give all the instructions it wants , but there is no guarantee that the end user will follow them .
The other reason for shorter break-in regimens today is that a greater amount of science has been applied to the understanding of break-in , and this has led to the realization that some of the old , long , painstaking break-in regimens were based on specious reasoning . People developed elaborate theories on what was needed and why , and it was hard to sift the empirical evidence in trying to test or confirm the theories . Anecdotal evidence and confirmation bias definitely played at least some part . Today engineers can confidently advise users not to put too much stock in old theories of long , elaborate break-in regimens . Some users will not give credence to the engineers and will stick to their own ideas anyway ; but their careful break-in beliefs are still harmless and serve roughly like a placebo in allowing them to assure themselves that they 've maximized the equipment 's working lifespan through their due diligence . The useful side effect of a `` break-in at slower speeds '' for vehicles is operator familiarization . An overly exuberant operator crashing the new vehicle hurts people , reputation and sales .
See also
Burn-in of electronic and other equipment
Break-in for shoes
References
Motor vehicle maintenance
Mechanical engineering
Jacob Junior Nayinggul is an Australian actor . His first screen role was in High Ground For his role in the film he was nominated for the 2021 AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
References
External links
Living people
Australian male film actors
Indigenous Australian male actors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ejbar Kola ( , also Romanized as Ejbār Kolā ; also known as Ejbār Kolā-ye Bālā ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,829 , in 458 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Carenum splendidum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1863 .
References
splendidum
Beetles described in 1863
Mosteni may refer to :
Moșteni , in Romania
Mosteni ( Lydia ) , a town of ancient Lydia now in Turkey
William Cecil Price ( 1816–1901 ) was a United States lawyer and judge who was active in the proslavery faction of the Missouri Democratic Party from the 1840s on , and who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1860 to 1861 .
Biography
William C. Price was born in Russell County , Virginia in 1816 . He was double cousin of Sterling Price . A farmer William Price moved to Greene County , Missouri in 1836 . He then attended Knoxville College before returning to Missouri to work as a teacher and store clerk and to read law . He became Deputy Sheriff of Greene County in 1840 . In 1841 , he took an administrative position with the Greene County court . He was admitted to the bar in 1844 . In 1847 , he was elected as a probate judge with the Greene County court .
Price was active in the proslavery wing of the Missouri Democratic Party . Price claimed that he had originated the idea that the Missouri Compromise must be repealed . In 1844 , he traveled through Missouri , warning slaveholders of the dangers to their situation if the Missouri Compromise were not repealed . Price was a supporter of the leader of the Missouri pro-slavery Democrats , Claiborne Fox Jackson , and opposed the Bentonite faction of the Missouri Democratic Party . Price was the author of the so-called Jackson Resolutions that Claiborne Fox Johnson introduced in the Missouri General Assembly in December 1848 . The Jackson Resolutions declared that the actions of the Northern states had released the slaveholding states from any obligation to comply with the terms of the Missouri Compromise ; that the people in any of the Territories of the United States had the right to determine for themselves if they would permit slavery ; and that any Act of Congress conflicting with the Jackson Resolutions would require the slaveholding states to band together to protect themselves against northern aggression .
During the period when the Compromise of 1850 was being discussed , Price met in New Orleans with Jefferson Davis , Judah P. Benjamin , and Robert Toombs . At this meeting , these pro-slavery Democrats concluded that if slavery were not expanded westward , conflict with the North and the secession of the South was inevitable .
Price was elected to the Missouri Senate in 1854 . He resigned in 1857 when he was appointed as a judge of the circuit court . In 1859 , Governor of Missouri Samuel Medary appointed Price to represent Missouri in discussions with the General Land Office about the use of swamp and overflowed lands .
In 1860 , President of the United States James Buchanan named Price Treasurer of the United States , an office Price held from February 28 , 1860 to March 21 , 1861 .
With the outbreak of the American Civil War , Price joined Missouri 's Confederate brigade , under the command of his cousin , Sterling Price . He was taken prisoner by Union forces at the Battle of Pea Ridge ( March 6–8 , 1862 ) and was imprisoned at Alton , Illinois for eight months . He was then exchanged for a Union prisoner held by the Confederacy at Vicksburg , Mississippi . Confederate President Jefferson Davis then assigned him as a recruiting officer in Missouri with the rank of Major .
Price resigned in 1864 and moved to Arkansas in an attempt to rebuild his finances as a farmer . After the war , he returned to Missouri , practicing law first at St. Louis , Missouri , later at Springfield , Missouri .
A longtime member of the Methodist Episcopal Church , South , Price became increasingly interested in theological topics in his later years . He has been described as a `` religious fanatic . ''
Price died in 1901 .
References
Profile from kansasboguslegislature.org
William E. Connelley , A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans ( 1918 ) , Ch . 14
1816 births
1901 deaths
People from Greene County , Missouri
People from Russell County , Virginia
Missouri Democrats
Missouri lawyers
Treasurers of the United States
Southern Methodists
American lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
19th-century Methodists
Carenum angustipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1871 .
References
angustipenne
Beetles described in 1871
Lino António da Conceição ( 26 November 1898 – 23 October 1974 ) was a Portuguese artist known for his Modernist paintings . He made many friezes , frescos , stained glass and ceramic panels for public buildings and private collections in Portugal . He taught in several schools and was director for many years at the Escola Secundária Artística António Arroio ( António Arroio Secondary Arts School ) in Lisbon , having an influence over hundreds of artists , mostly painters and designers .
Life
Lino António da Conceição was born in Leiria on 26 November 1898 .
His parents were Lino António da Conceição and Maria do Carmo Pereira Dias da Conceição .
He had two older sisters and two younger sisters .
He spent time in the studio of his teacher and friend Narciso Costa .
He took a course in Ornamental Design at the Industrial School of Domingos Sequeira in Leiria , then attended the Lisbon School of Fine Arts , where he was a brilliant student .
On 1 October 1915 he enrolled at the Porto School of Fine Arts , where he studied under João Marques de Oliveira .
By 1917 António was attending the `` modernist gatherings '' of Porto students described by the sculptor Diogo de Macedo , often held in the Excelsior café .
In 1918 he organized his first solo exhibition , in Leiria , where he showed his decorative style and modernist technique . He became port of a group that included the future architect António Varela , the artist Luís Fernandes , the poet Américo Durão and the doctor and writer Américo Cortez Pinto .
António married Maria Helena de Noronha Tudela in the 1920s , and they had three children .
His 1924 exhibition in Lisbon at the National Society of Fine Arts ( SNBA ) was praised by Contemporânea and Athena .
His work at this show included the themes of coastal people , Nazareth and urban living to which he returned throughout his career .
In the years that followed he participated in numerous exhibitions , made friezes , frescoes , stained glass and ceramic panels for various public buildings and illustrated several books .
António taught in the General Industrial and Commercial School of Marinha Grande , and then became a professor of mechanical design in the Machado de Castro Industrial School in Lisbon .
By the end of the 1930s he was obtaining public orders for his work , which allowed him to live fairly comfortably .
He was quoted as saying `` Praise ? I preferred an commission ! ''
He began to teach at the Antonio Arroyo School of Decorative Arts in 1940 .
Among his students was the painter , sculptor and poet Figueiredo Sobral .
He became director of the school in 1953 and overhauled the curriculum to include fine arts , lithography , decorative painting , sculpture and pottery , carving and artistic furniture .
He was forced to retire due to his age in 1968 .
In 1974 he suffered a stroke while working in his studio , and died in hospital two days later on 23 October 1974 .
Work
Lino António was representative of the second generation of modernist artists .
He liked vibrant colors and robust forms . His paintings show a strong sense of decoration .
He explored themes of fishing , religion and history in his panels and frescoes .
In his later years he devoted himself to stained glass , mosaic and ceramic .
Exhibitions
António participated in over forty Salons and exhibitions , including :
Modernist Salon ( 1919 , 1926 ) ;
Salão de Outono ( Salon of Autumn , 1925 , 1926 ) ;
Ibero-American Exposition in Seville ( 1929 – medal of honor ) ;
Salon of Independents ( 1930 , 1931 ) ;
National Society of Fine Arts ( 1924 , 1930 , 1932 , 1933 , 1958 , 1973 ) ;
Colonial Exhibition in Paris ( 1931 – medal of honor ) ;
Salon of Winter ( 1932 ) ; Lisbon Festival ( 1934 – decorations ) ;
SNi Exhibition ( 1935 ) ;
Exhibition of Year X of the National Revolution ( 1936 ) ;
XXI Biennale di Venezia / Biennial of Venice ( 1938 ) ;
Exhibition of Showcases ( 1940 )
Portuguese World Exhibition ( 1940 )
SPN Modern Art Exhibition ( 1943 , 1944 )
SNI Exhibition of Polychromatic Ceramic Panels ( 1955 )
São Paulo Art Biennial ( 1951 )
Art Portugais , Paris ( 1968 )
Public works
Antonio made friezes , frescoes , stained glass and ceramic panels for various public buildings , including :
1924 : Bristol Club remodeling
1938 : Frieze for the room of the President of the National Assembly
1938 : Frescoes of the triumphal arch and the balcony of the choir of the Church of Our Lady of Fatima
1945 : Stained glass windows for the Casa do Douro
1946 ( ? ) : Stained glass windows for the Jeronimos Monastery
1946 : Stained glass windows for the chapel of the Colégio das Escravas do Sagrado Coração de Jesus
1949 : Frescos and stained glass for the Municipal Chamber of Vila Franca de Xira
1951 : Frescos for the Church of Santo Eugénio in the Bairro of Encarnação
1952 : Ceramic panels for the main lobby of the National Laboratory of Civil Engineering
1955 : Ceramic panels for Fatima Sanctuary
1957 : Frescos for the Great |Hall of the Municipality of Covilha
1957 : Ceramic panel for the Faculty of Law , University of Lisbon
1958 : Ceramic panel for the Pavilion of the Student Body of the Military Academy
1958 : Panel and ceramic frieze for the Institute of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine
1961 : Stained glass windows and the Grand Portico of the Aula Magna ;
1966 : Frescos for the main lobby of the National Library .
1966 : Stained glass windows of the Seia Courthouse
Illustrations
Illustrations included :
1928 Illustrations and a cover for the magazine Civilização .
1938 Illustrations for the book Amadis by Afonso Vieira Lopes
1939 Illustrations for the book La Jeunesse Portugaise à l'École by António Mattoso .
1943 Illustrations for the book Life of Jesus by Pliny Salgado ( Rocha Cabral prize ) .
Most of the books he illustrated were of the poet Sebastiao da Gama and Americo Cortezão
Notes
Sources
1898 births
1974 deaths
People from Leiria
20th-century Portuguese painters
20th-century Portuguese male artists
Portuguese male painters
Malcolm Isaiah Shaw ( born 27 July 1995 ) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Atlético Ottawa .
Club career
Early career
Shaw played youth soccer with Master 's Futbol before attending Roberts Wesleyan College from 2014 to 2017 .
In 2018 , Shaw signed with Swedish Division 2 side Råslätts SK , where he went on to score thirteen goals in 22 appearances that season . The following year , he moved up a division , signing with Ettan Fotboll side Assyriska IK . That season , Shaw scored five goals in 24 league appearances , and three goals in two appearances in the Swedish Cup .
Atlético Ottawa
On 25 June 2020 , Shaw signed with Canadian Premier League side Atlético Ottawa . He made his debut in Ottawa 's inaugural match on August 15 against York9 , and scored a goal in a 2–2 draw . He re-signed with Ottawa for the 2021 season on January 12 , 2021 .
On August 14 , 2021 , Shaw made history by scoring Atlético Ottawa 's first ever goal on home turf at TD Place . In January 2022 Shaw re-signed with Ottawa ahead of the 2022 season , signing a two-year contract , with an option for 2024 .
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Canadian soccer players
Soccer people from Ontario
People from Pickering , Ontario
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Roberts Wesleyan College alumni
Atlético Ottawa players
Division 2 ( Swedish football ) players
Ettan Fotboll players
Canadian Premier League players
College men 's soccer players in the United States
Catherine Norton Sinclair ( 1817–1891 ) was an actress-manager who worked with such notable actors as Junius Brutus Booth , Edwin Booth , and Laura Keene . Her sensational divorce from Edwin Forrest captivated the American public in the mid-1800s .
Early life
Sinclair was born in London , the eldest of John and Catherine Sinclair 's four children . The Sinclairs were originally from Edinburgh , Scotland . Mr. Sinclair became a successful drummer in the militia and later a well-known singer , who toured the U.S. in the early 1830s . She was well-educated , and welcomed in the social and cultural circles of London society . At age nineteen , Sinclair attended a performance of The Gladiator , starring the popular American actor , Edwin Forrest , as Spartacus . She arranged to meet him and on June 23 , 1837 they were married at a church in Covent Garden . Shortly thereafter , the Forrests moved to New York and lived there for the next twelve years .
Life in the U.S. and the Forrest Divorce Case
By many accounts , the Forrests lived as a happily married couple in New York from 1837–1849 . Forrest became one of the prominent actors of his time , especially after his success in London , where previously American actors were not taken seriously . Forrest 's acting work took him throughout the U.S. , sometimes accompanied by Mrs. Forrest , who otherwise spent her time at their home on 22nd St. in New York City ( NYC ) . Unfortunately , the Forrests had four children die during or immediately after childbirth .
Mrs. Forrest 's parents and sisters also spent considerable time in the U.S. and lived much of the time with the Forrests in NYC . One sister , Mrs. Voorhees , lived with her husband in NYC . Whenever Forrest toured outside of NYC , Mrs. Voorhees usually stayed with her at the Forrest home on 22nd St .
Mrs. Forrest was an intellectual and a captivating conversationalist , who was quickly accepted into the social circle of the literary and artistic elite of NYC . The literati discussed such works as George Sand 's novel , Consuelo , which proved fateful to the Forrests ' marriage . Mrs. Forrest was known to socialize at home with other members of this social circle while Forrest was working onstage , either in New York or in other venues around the country . Forrest himself did not participate `` and did not enjoy home company . '' ( p. 347 )
The Forrests ' marriage began to unravel in 1848 when Forrest began to suspect that his wife had been unfaithful to him . The event that led to the Forrests ' separation and divorce trial concerned Mrs. Forrest 's relationship with George W. Jamieson , one of Forrest 's fellow actors . While on tour in Cincinnati , Forrest left his wife in the company of Jamieson while running an errand . Apparently suspicious , he returned ahead of schedule and encountered Jamieson performing an amateur phrenological study of Mrs. Forrest 's head . Forrest accepted this explanation but later took advantage of Mrs. Forrest 's absence from home to read a letter Jamieson wrote to her in the form of George Sand 's novel , Consuelo . According to Mrs. Forrest , who defended the novel , she had challenged Jamieson to write a love letter that rivaled Mrs . Sand 's work in the novel . Mr. Forrest was unconvinced and immediately asked for a separation from Mrs. Forrest .
The Forrests made a pledge to avoid publicizing the reasons for their separation , but by December 1849/January 1850 they both made public accusations about infidelity . Forrest sued for divorce in Pennsylvania with Mrs. Forrest filing a countersuit in New York shortly thereafter . Forrest 's suit was rejected for reasons of non-residency in the state of Pennsylvania . Both parties accused the other of numerous incidents of infidelity .
Their very sensational divorce publicized and provided vivid detail of the following accusations . Mrs. Forrest , represented by Charles O'Conor , accused Forrest of multiple affairs , most notably with the actress Josephine Clifton but also including several women living in New York . Forrest , represented by John Van Buren , accused his wife of scandalous and immoral behavior with several men , including Jamieson and the poet Nathaniel Parker Willis , who was named as a co-respondent in the case . Earlier , Willis published an anti-Forrest pamphlet , which led to Forrest beating Willis with a whip . Willis later filed another suit against Forrest as a result .
On January 24 , 1852 , after six weeks of testimony , the court found in favor of Mrs. Forrest . Forrest 's career was unaffected although he left the stage for a number of years . The settlement called for Forrest to pay $ 3000 alimony per year . He challenged the ruling for sixteen years , but eventually paid $ 68,000 in arrears and was obligated to pay $ 4000 per year afterwards . Mrs. Forrest received $ 100,000 from his estate when he died in 1872 .
Life in the Theatre
Sinclair , who reverted to her maiden name after the divorce , had never intended a life on the stage and had never appeared onstage before her divorce , began her career as an actress shortly after the divorce , partly due to Forrest 's challenge of the court ruling . She began working with the actor George Vandenhoff to prepare for a life of acting . On February 22 , 1852 , Sinclair appeared as Lady Teazle in School for Scandal at Brougham 's Lyceum Theatre in New York . She ran to full houses for eight consecutive nights . Some of her lines mirrored her well-known personal experiences and were greeted with delight by the audiences .
In 1853 , Sinclair moved to California to continue her acting career . In San Francisco , she appeared as Katherine opposite Edwin Booth 's Petruchio in The Taming of the Shrew . In September , she played Portia to Booth 's Shylock in The Merchant of Venice . Together they performed the melodrama The Marble Heart for an unprecedented forty three consecutive nights . Sinclair is reported to have worn a French gown worth $ 1200 ( $ 19 was considered extravagant for a costume at that time ) .
By Christmas , she became one of the few female actress managers by leasing the Metropolitan Theatre , `` a very grand house against which smelly little San Francisco Hall could n't hope to compete . '' She opened on Christmas Eve with School for Scandal and hired Edwin Booth for juvenile leads and the rising star Laura Keene to play opposite him . Booth 's brother , Junius , also worked for Sinclair at the Metropolitan . Keene and Booth opened in The Love Chase , which did not receive good reviews . Keene blamed this failure on `` Booth 's bad acting . Sinclair 's Metropolitan Theatre , which she called the `` most magnificent temple of histrionic art in America , '' offered melodramas , burlesques , and romances starring the famous actors of the day .
Throughout the 1850s , Sinclair acted in London , Australia , and the U.S . Her reviews lauded her physical beauty and stage presence , but her main attraction seems to have been her status as the former Mrs. Forrest . Her final performance was on December 18 , 1859 at the Academy of Music in New York City . She retired the following year and lived with her sister , Mrs. Henry Sidley , in Staten Island .
Later life and death
After her sister 's death , Sinclair lived in New York City with her nephew . She later went completely blind before dying in 1891 from a cerebral embolism .
References
External links
1817 births
1891 deaths
19th-century American actresses
American stage actresses
19th-century theatre managers
19th-century American businesswomen
19th-century American businesspeople
'Keswick Codlin ' is an apple cultivar that is considered excellent for cooking , but does not keep well in storage .
References
Apple cultivars
Dave Logan ( born 1968 ) is an American author and professor . He is best known for his book Tribal Leadership ( co-authored with John King and Halee Fischer-Wright ) , which was a New York Times Bestseller .
Career
Logan gained a Ph.D. in Organizational Communication from the Annenberg School at University of Southern California ( USC ) . He has been on faculty in the USC 's Marshall School of Business since 1996 and he was associate dean of executive education ( 2000–2004 ) . Logan is also on the faculty at Getty Leadership Institute , the American College of Physician Executives , and teaches in the International Center for Leadership In Finance ( ICLIF ) in Kuala Lumpur .
In 1997 , he co-founded CultureSync , a management consulting firm .
Logan has co-authored four books , including Tribal Leadership and Three Laws of Performance . He is a contributing writer at CBS Money Watch , and the editor of seven eJournals at the Social Science Research Network . He also lectures on leadership and organizational culture . He has been interviewed on CNN , Fox , National Public Radio and most major US networks and he has written for CNN the Huffington Post and The Gallup Business Journal . Logan 's TED Talk on tribal leadership has over a half of million views .
Reception
Twice profiled by Forbes Magazine ( 2011 ) , it described Logan as `` an internationally admired USC management professor , a paradigm shifter '' ( 2013 ) . Toastmasters Magazine noted , `` Dave Logan is one of the most natural and accomplished speakers you are likely to find . '' CBS News profiled Tribal Leadership in 2008 . Logan 's book is widely cited by financial texts .
Bibliography
Tribal Leadership : Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization by Dave Logan , John King and Halee Fischer-Wright
The Three Laws of Performance : Rewriting the Future of Your Organization and Your Life by Steve Zaffron and Dave Logan
References
External links
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
University of Southern California faculty
American male writers
1968 births
Erfurt – Weimar – Weimarer Land II is an electoral constituency ( German : Wahlkreis ) represented in the Bundestag . It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting . Under the current constituency numbering system , it is designated as constituency 193 . It is located in central Thuringia , comprising the cities of Erfurt and Weimar as well as the municipality of Grammetal from the Weimarer Land district .
Erfurt – Weimar – Weimarer Land II was created for the 2005 federal election . Since 2021 , it has been represented by Carsten Schneider of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
Geography
Erfurt – Weimar – Weimarer Land II is located in central Thuringia . As of the 2021 federal election , it comprises the independent cities of Erfurt and Weimar as well as the municipality of Grammetal from the Weimarer Land district .
History
Erfurt – Weimar – Weimarer Land II was created in 2005 and contained parts of the abolished constituencies of Erfurt and Jena – Weimar – Weimarer Land . In the 2005 election , it was constituency 194 in the numbering system . Since the 2009 election , it has been number 193 . Its borders have not changed since its creation .
Members
The constituency was first represented by Carsten Schneider of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) from 2005 to 2009 . Antje Tillmann of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) was elected in 2009 , and re-elected in 2013 and 2017 . Former member Schneider regained it for the SPD in 2021 .
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Federal electoral districts in Thuringia
2005 establishments in Germany
Constituencies established in 2005
Erfurt
Weimar
Weimarer Land
Irthlingborough Town F.C . was an English association football club which participated in the United Counties League and the FA Cup .
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Northamptonshire
Limacia iberica , is a sea slug , a species of dorid nudibranch . It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae .
Description
The length of the species attains 9 mm .
Distribution
Limacia iberica was described from Shelf “ O Sobreiro ” , in the Ría de Arousa , Galicia , Atlantic cast of Spain .
References
Polyceridae
Gastropods described in 2015
Ned Rifle is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Hal Hartley . It is the third and final film in a trilogy following characters introduced in Hartley 's 1997 film Henry Fool and 2006 sequel Fay Grim . Ned Rifle stars Liam Aiken as the title character , reprising his role from the other two films , as well as Aubrey Plaza , Parker Posey , James Urbaniak , and Thomas Jay Ryan .
The film premiered on September 7 , 2014 at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival .
The film was released in select theaters and on demand beginning on April 1 , 2015 .
Plot
Kept in a school run on devout Christian lines , at age 18 Ned is free to leave . His mission in life is to find and kill his rogue father Henry . On visiting his mother , Fay , who is serving a life sentence for terrorism , she can not tell him her husband 's whereabouts and suggests he contacts her brother Simon , who is a writer in New York . Also anxious to see Simon is a penniless postgraduate named Susan , who wants to write about his work . Learning that his father was last heard of working in Seattle , Ned rushes off to the airport . Susan follows him , because she has her own reasons for wanting to find Henry , and Ned reluctantly teams up with her , though he keeps refusing a romance with her .
In Seattle , he learns that his father has lost his mind and is being kept in a special clinic . In fact , Henry shams madness in order to enjoy a quiet life among good books ( as Fay does too , though not by choice ) . Ned abducts his willing father , planning to shoot him in open country , but discovers that Susan has found his revolver and removed its ammunition . She then makes off with Ned 's father , money , and gun . Reaching a motel near Spokane , she reveals that she was the 13-year-old girl whose parents burst in just as she had lured Henry to her bed . For that , he got seven years . Now they can carry on legally and their night of passion disturbs the whole motel . Ned meanwhile has traced the pair and in the morning is waiting outside for them to emerge . Susan , having completed her unfinished business with Henry , shoots him dead . Ned bursts in , and in a struggle with Susan accidentally stabs her to death . Outside , armed police are waiting for him .
Cast
Liam Aiken as Ned Rifle
Aubrey Plaza as Susan
Parker Posey as Fay Grim
James Urbaniak as Simon Grim
Thomas Jay Ryan as Henry Fool
Martin Donovan as Rev . Daniel Gardner
Karen Sillas as Alice Gardner
Robert John Burke as Chet
Melissa Bithorn as Clair Gardner
Gia Crovatin as Olive
Bill Sage as Bud
Lloyd Kaufman as Zach
Production
Development
Like Henry Fool ( 1997 ) and Fay Grim ( 2006 ) , Ned Rifle was directed , written , co-produced and composed by Hal Hartley . While promoting Fay Grim in 2007 , Hartley mentioned the possibility for a third film , hinting that Aiken 's character Ned would be the story 's focus . Hartley started writing Ned Rifle around 2012 , and finished the script in two weeks . The film is titled after Hartley 's pseudonym , Ned Rifle , the credited name that he typically uses as composer on his films . Ned Rifle was originally a character that Hartley made up for college writing assignments . For the third film , he thought it sounded like a better title than Ned Fool or Ned Grim .
The storyline is done on a smaller scale compared to Fay Grim , more in line with Henry Fool . This was done in part because of a small budget , and also because Hartley did not want to make another big-production project . He wanted the storyline to be simpler and more linear than Fay Grim . Hartley said the structure of Ned Rifle was heavily influenced by his 2011 short film Meanwhile , which chronicles a man `` as he goes from one situation to the next '' . The character Susan and her relationship with Henry are briefly mentioned in Henry Fool . Re-watching the film over the years , Hartley regretted that the topic of this relationship was not expanded upon . While writing Ned Rifle , he felt that the story was lacking something . Upon watching Henry Fool again , he decided to incorporate Susan into the story .
In May 2013 , Fortissimo Films acquired the global sales rights for the film at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival . On November 6 , 2013 , Hartley launched a fundraising campaign to produce the film through Kickstarter , seeking a total of $ 384,000 and offering various incentives to those who donated $ 1 or more . The main cast , as well as some crew members , appeared in several videos promoting the campaign . On November 25 , Hartley added a $ 9,000 reward tier offering the film 's distribution rights for seven years in the United States and other countries , notably the first Kickstarter to propose offering film distribution rights . Subsequently , Kickstarter notified Hartley that selling distribution rights is a form of investment , which is forbidden by Kickstarter 's terms and conditions , and Hartley removed the option . The Kickstarter campaign ended on December 4 , with 1,789 donors raising $ 395,292 .
Casting
Liam Aiken , Parker Posey , James Urbaniak , and Thomas Jay Ryan reprise their roles from the first two films . In addition , Martin Donovan , Karen Sillas , Robert John Burke , and Bill Sage had worked with Hartley on his other previous films .
Casting for the character of Susan took months , with 60 to 70 women auditioning for the part , some of whom would later get other roles in the film . Gemma Arterton was reportedly attached at one point . In March 2014 , it was announced that Aubrey Plaza joined the cast , playing the role of Susan . Hartley cast Plaza after seeing her prior acting performances , including Parks and Recreation . Her part in the 2012 film Safety Not Guaranteed convinced him that she would be right for the role of Susan . Plaza sought advice from Posey and Donovan to prepare for the role .
Filming
In March 2014 , Hartley scouted locations in Queens , Brooklyn and the Bronx , as well as locations that could double for parts of Washington state .
Principal photography began in early April 2014 , and took place entirely in New York . Filming locations included Brooklyn , Long Island City , and the SUNY Purchase campus . Urbaniak said , `` Every time I revisit the character of Simon Grim I have to relearn how to be awkward and uptight '' . Posey shot her scenes in a day . Filming wrapped on April 26 , after 22 days .
Release
A teaser for Ned Rifle was released on July 22 , 2014 . The film premiered on September 7 , 2014 at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival . It was also screened in the Panorama section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival on February 6 , 2015 . The film 's US debut premiered at SXSW in Austin , Texas on March 13 , 2015 and was available for viewing on demand on Hartley 's official website beginning on April 1 , 2015 . The film was released in a limited release on the same day .
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 78 % based on 32 reviews , and an average rating of 6.5/10 . The website 's critical consensus reads , `` Ned Rifle serves as a satisfying conclusion to Hal Hartley 's `` Henry Fool '' trilogy - and one of the strongest late-period works from a distinguished filmography . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 67 out of 100 , based on 16 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
References
External links
Ned Rifle - Official Website
2014 films
2014 drama films
American drama films
American independent films
Kickstarter-funded films
Films directed by Hal Hartley
2014 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Dunkleosteoidea is an extinct superfamily of arthrodire placoderms that lived during the Devonian period . The gigantic apex predator Dunkleosteus terrelli is the best known member of this group .
Phylogeny
Eubrachythoraci is divided into the clades Coccosteomorphi and Pachyosteomorphi , the latter of which can be furthered sub-divided into Aspinothoracidi and Dunkleosteoidea . Dunkleosteoidea was then considered consisting of the two sister families Dunkleosteidae and Panxiosteidae .
However , the 2016 Zhu et al . phylogenetic study using a larger morphological dataset recovered Panxiosteidae well outside of Dunkleosteoidea , leaving the status of Dunkleosteidae as a clade grouping separate from Dunkleosteoidea in doubt , as shown in the cladogram below :
References
Arthrodires
Early Devonian first appearances
Late Devonian animals
Late Devonian extinctions
A tasse à café ( , coffee cup ) is a cup , generally of white porcelain and of around 120 ml ( 4 fl oz ) , in which coffee is served . It is also sometimes used to serve small portions of rich drinks , such as hot chocolate
The word originates from Arabic ṭās طاس , from the Persian ṭās طاس , meaning cup or bowl .
A half-sized cup is called a demi-tasse ( English demitasse ) , literally `` half-cup '' .
References
External links
Drinkware
Coffee preparation
Friedrich Dettelmaier ( 22 January 1884 – 15 November 1913 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1903 to 1904 .
References
External links
1884 births
1913 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Lunar Magma Ocean ( LMO ) is the layer of molten rock that is theorized to have been present on the surface of the Moon . The Lunar Magma Ocean was likely present on the Moon from the time of the Moon 's formation ( about 4.5 or 4.4 billion years ago ) to tens or hundreds of millions years after that time . It is a thermodynamic consequence of the Moon 's relatively rapid formation in the aftermath of a giant impact between the proto-Earth and another planetary body . As the Moon accreted from the debris from the giant impact , gravitational potential energy was converted to thermal energy . Due to the rapid accretion of the Moon ( in about a month to a year ) , thermal energy was trapped since it did not have sufficient time to thermally radiate away energy through the lunar surface . The subsequent thermochemical evolution of the Lunar Magma Ocean explains the Moon 's largely anorthositic crust , europium anomaly , and KREEP material .
The Lunar Magma Ocean was initially proposed by two groups in 1970 after they analyzed anorthositic rock fragments found in the Apollo 11 sample collection . Wood et al . used fragments of bulk sample 10085 for their analyses . Ferroan anorthosite rocks found during the Apollo program are composed primarily ( over 90 % ) of the mineral plagioclase . More specifically , ferroan anorthosite rocks found on the Moon consist of the calcium ( Ca ) end-member of plagioclase ( i.e. , anorthite ) . This suggests that at least upper layers of the Moon were molten in the past due to the purity of lunar anorthosites and the fact that anorthite generally has a high crystallization temperature .
Initial state
There are three important parameters when considering the initial state of the Lunar Magma Ocean : chemical composition , depth , and temperature . These three parameters largely determine the thermochemical evolution . For the Lunar Magma Ocean , there are uncertainties associated with each of these initial conditions . A typical initial chemical composition is 47.1 % SiO2 , 33.1 % MgO , 12.0 % FeO , 4.0 % Al2O3 , and 3.0 % CaO ( with minor contributions from other molecules ) , along with an initial depth of 1000 km and a basal temperature of 1900 K .
Initial chemical composition and depth
Initial chemical composition of the Lunar Magma Ocean is estimated based on the chemistry of lunar samples , along with the chemical composition and thickness of the current lunar crust . For computer modeling purposes , the initial chemical composition is typically defined by weight percent based on a system of basic molecules such as SiO2 , MgO , FeO , Al2O3 , and CaO . Seven example initial chemical compositions of the Lunar Magma Ocean from the literature are shown in the figure to the right . These compositions are generally similar to the composition of the Earth 's mantle with the main difference being some ( e.g. , Taylor Whole Moon ) or no enhancement ( e.g. , Lunar Primitive Upper Mantle ) of refractory elements .
The estimated initial depth of the Lunar Magma Ocean varies from 100 km to the radius of the Moon .
Crystallization sequence
Exact sequence of minerals that crystallize out of the Lunar Magma Ocean depends on the initial state of the Lunar Magma Ocean ( viz . chemical composition , depth , and temperature ) . Following the idealized Bowen 's Reaction Series , olivine is generally expected to crystallize first , followed by orthopyroxene . These minerals are denser than the surrounding magma and thus sink towards the bottom of the Lunar Magma Ocean . As such , the Lunar Magma Ocean is initially expected to solidify from the bottom up . After about 80 % of the Lunar Magma Ocean has crystallized , the mineral plagioclase crystallizes along with other minerals . Rocks that are primarily made of plagioclase ( i.e. , anorthosite ) form and float towards the surface of the Moon making the primordial crust of the Moon .
Duration
The Lunar Magma Ocean may have lasted tens to hundreds of millions of years after Moon formation . The Moon is estimated to have formed between 52 and 152 million years after calcium-aluminum-rich inclusions ( CAIs ) , which being the oldest solids in the Solar System serve as a proxy for the age of the Solar System . This in turn leaves the exact formation time of the Lunar Magma Ocean somewhat uncertain . On the other hand , the end point may be indicated by the age of ferroan anorthosite ( FAN ) sample 60025 ( 4.360±0.003 Ga ) and the estimated age of ur-KREEP ( 4.368±0.029 Ga ) . If the Moon formed early ( i.e. , 52 million years after Solar System formation ) and both the ferroan anorthosite sample 60025 and the estimated age of ur-KREEP indicate when the Lunar Magma Ocean fully crystallized , then the Lunar Magma Ocean would have lasted for about 155 million years . In that case , computer models show that one or more heat sources ( such as tidal heating ) are required to prolong crystallization of the Lunar Magma Ocean . On the other hand , if the Moon formed late ( i.e. , 152 million years after Solar System formation ) then again using the ferroan anorthosite sample 60025 's age and the estimated age of ur-KREEP , the Lunar Magma Ocean lasted for about 55 million years . That would mean that the Lunar Magma Ocean was not prolonged by one or more additional heat sources .
In the past , the age difference between the oldest and youngest ferroan anorthosite samples were used to determine the duration of the Lunar Magma Ocean . This was problematic due to the large errors of sample ages and due to some sample ages being reset by impacts . For instance , the oldest ferroan anorthosite sample is 67016 with a Sm-Nd age of 4.56±0.07 Ga and the youngest is 62236 with a Sm-Nd age of 4.29±0.06 Ga . The difference between these ages is 270 million years . This would again mean that the Lunar Magma Ocean had an additional heat source , such as tidal heating .
Refuting evidence
One of the alternative models to the Lunar Magma Ocean model is the Serial Magmatism model .
References
Lunar science
Moon
Pre-Nectarian
Évora Tambacounda 2004 was an overland expedition starting in Évora , Portugal and ending in Tambacounda , Senegal . the trip with more than 13000 km took 32 days round-trip through Portugal , Spain , Morocco , Western Sahara , Mauritania , Senegal , Gambia .
With a main support sponsorship from Évora City Council ( Câmara Municipal de Évora ) , Diário do Sul , Praxis Clube and University of Évora the trip was possible to unite several countries where cultural exchange and social relationship already come from ancient time .
Sponsors
Praxis Clube-Évora ,
Diário do Sul ,
Serviços de Acção Social da Universidade de Évora ,
Rádio Telefonia do Alentejo ,
JB Photo ,
Câmara Municipal de Évora ,
O Pierrot Artesanato Regional ,
Associação de Estudantes da Universidade de Évora ,
Bar Marginália-Portimão ,
Bar Aldebaran-Zaragoza-Espanha ,
Visão Periférica-Portimão ,
Orlando Conceição Automoveis- ,
Clube Trilhos do Alentejo ,
Virtual Tourist-Real Travelers ,
João Leitão sarl - Publicité , Tourisme et Logistique ,
Autopress .
Participants
Four participants coming from Portugal and Spain participated in this project : Xana Coelho , Patricia Porras de las Heras , Eric Gonçalves and João Leitão .
Vehicle
Opel Corsa 12v 1.0 2000
Road rallying
2004 in motorsport
2004 in rallying
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka , Ibaraki , Japan , operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway .
Lines
Ajigaura Station is the terminus of the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from .
Station layout
The station has a single island platform , of which only one side is in use . It was built to handle trains of up to seven cars in the days in which direct Ajigaura express trains ran directly from in Tokyo . The platform is connected to the station building by a level crossing . The station is unattended .
History
Ajigaura Station opened on 7 July 1928. as a station on the Minato Railway . It became an unstaffed station from 1 April 1996 .
Future development
Minato Line is extended to a new station which is located near Hitachi Seaside Park in 2024 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011 , the station was used by an average of 53 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
Sakatsurai Isozaki Shrine
Ajigaura swimming beach
Hitachi Seaside Park
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1928
Hitachinaka , Ibaraki
Live 1994 is a live album by Pentangle , released in 1994 . It was reissued along with One More Road on CD in 2007 .
Track listing
`` Bramble Briar ''
`` Sally Free and Easy ''
`` Kingfisher ''
`` Come Back Baby ''
`` When I Was in My Prime ''
`` Meet on the Bone ''
`` Travelling Solo ''
`` The Bonny Boy ''
`` Chasing Love ''
`` Cruel Sister '' ( Traditional , arranged Jansch , Renbourn , Cox )
`` Yarrow ''
`` Reynardine ''
Personnel
Bert Jansch - vocals , acoustic guitar
Jacqui McShee - vocals
Peter Kirtley - vocals , electric and acoustic guitar
Nigel Portman-Smith - bass , piano , keyboards
Gerry Conway - drums , percussion , conga
References
External links
Hux Records entry for reissue .
Pentangle ( band ) albums
1994 live albums
Cyrtodactylus gulinqingensis , the Gulinqing bent-toed gecko , is a species of gecko endemic to China .
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Concurso Nacional de Belleza 1985 was held on May 5 , 1984 . There were 24 candidates who competed for the national crown . The winner of the title Miss Dominican Republic , represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1985 . The Señorita República Dominicana Mundo entered Miss World 1985 . The Señorita República Dominicana Café entered Reinado Internacional del Café 1985 .
Results
Delegates
Azua - Yocasta Reyes Fernández
Azua - Marina Medina
Barahona - Laura Soto
Distrito Nacional - Marielly Rodríguez
Distrito Nacional - Maritza del Villar
Distrito Nacional - Thania Castillo
Distrito Nacional - Sigrid Angiolina Sánchez Pichardo
Distrito Nacional - Melba Altagracia Vicéns Bello
Distrito Nacional - Zelba Delgado
Distrito Nacional - Tammy Berroa
Espaillat - Sofia Ureña
La Romana - Mayra Perón
La Vega - Olivia Oviedo
La Vega - Sarah Tavares
María Trinidad Sánchez - María Mercedes Batista
Monte Cristi - Miledy López
Puerto Plata - Belkis Hidalgo
Salcedo - Rita Elvira Marques
Santiago - Mariela González Hernández
Santiago - Josefina González
Santiago Rodríguez - Mary Elisa Collado
Valverde - Cesarina de Moya
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20090211102742/http : //ogm.elcaribe.com.do/ogm/consulta.aspx
Miss Dominican Republic
1985 beauty pageants
1985 in the Dominican Republic
The women 's shot put event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam .
Results
References
Shot put at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Shot
Central Memorial High School is a public senior high school located in the southwest community of North Glenmore in Calgary , Alberta , Canada . The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Calgary Board of Education . The school houses unique programs that include the School of Performing and Visual Arts , and the National Sport Academy .
History
The school 's name commemorates the original Central Collegiate Institute and Central High School first built in the early 20th century . The school 's history dates back as far as 1888 , when the school opened its doors to 171 students ( 28 of which were high school students ) . The start of the 20th century Central High eventually became overcrowded , forcing the school board to move students to a new high school called City Hall School which was Calgary 's first district high school . The name of the new school did not sit well with the students which preferred the name Central High . The school was nicknamed Sleepy Hollow High . The school was eventually renamed to James Short High .
By the end of the decade James Short School could no longer accommodate Calgary 's growing population , so the city 's school board of governors approved a new site for a new high school named Calgary Collegiate Institute , located on the corner of 13th Avenue and 8th Street S.W . One hundred and one students attended the newly developed high school . The high schoolers were still discontent with the name , and continued the call their school Central High . By the 1920s , the name Calgary Collegiate Institute faded into history , and Central High was adopted .
As the city grew in both population and physical size , the Board of Education decided to close Central High in 1965 and transfer its students to Western Canada High School , only a few blocks away . The new Central Memorial High School was opened three years later amid the growing southwest communities of Lakeview , Altadore , and North Glenmore . Before the closure of CFB Calgary in 1998 , Central Memorial was also the designated public high school for dependents of military families living in private married quarters at the base .
The school is not part of the Action for Bright Children Society as they seem to be inactive at this time .
Performing Visual Arts
The school now houses a program formed in 2003 named The Centre for Performing and Visual Arts at Central Memorial High School . Students audition in their grade 9 year for entry into one of 8 disciplines ; Theatre Arts , Band , Choral , Dance , Strings , Visual Arts , Media Design Arts , and Fashion Design Studies . Each student has at least 1 class with their discipline each day , with the prospect of more class time before and after school . Each specific program is taught by a team of skilled and talented teachers with high experience in their field of work . Since 2010 , the graduating class of that year has the opportunity to participate in a trip to New York City in which they would take classes in their field of discipline with opportunities to explore others as well . The Music program not only goes on this trip , but also has its own trips it produces each year , with an international trip every 3 years with both the Instrumental and Vocal Programs , as well as a continental trip every other 2 years . The program 's goal is to produce experienced artists and creative thinkers into the work place so as to carry on their trade or apply their experiences in the professional world . While being strict on their policy towards being in one discipline , there are occasions in which students , who make the academic and experiential standard , are allowed to be in 2 certain disciplines , such as both a performing and visual art . The program continues today to be one of the leading schools in Calgary and Alberta of the arts at a secondary level .
Career and Technology Centre ( CTC )
The Career and Technology Centre ( CTC ) at Central Memorial High School provides students with access to rigorous academic and technical curriculum in preparation for further education and careers in high-skill , high-demand occupations . Working with experts , students access industry standard , high quality learning environments that extend into authentic work experience opportunities and lead to recognized post-secondary and industry credentials . Igniting student passions and interest at the CTC supports success both within and beyond their schooling experiences .
Some examples of programs offered at the CTC include Auto Body , Computer Science , Cosmetology , Culinary Arts , Media Design & Communication , Energy & Environmental Innovation , Pre-Engineering , and Welding/Fabrication .
Athletics
The Central Memorial Rams ' athletic teams competes and participates in the Calgary Zone of the Alberta Schools Athletic Association . The school holds membership in the Calgary Senior High School Athletic Association . The Central Memorial Rams were also noted for their City Championship football playoff run where they went undefeated during the regular season and went on to win the City Championship title for the year of 2007 .
The National Sports Academy is also run through Central Memorial High , where renown coaches instruct students on how to become great athletes . The National Sports Academy includes sports such as Hockey , Baseball , Golf , and Lacrosse .
See also
Center West Campus
References
External links
Central Memorial High School
Calgary Board of Education
The Centre for Performing and Visual Arts at Central Memorial High School
High schools in Calgary
Educational institutions established in 1888
1888 establishments in Canada
Ferdinand I ( Spanish : Fernando I ; 27 November 1380 – 2 April 1416 in Igualada , Òdena ) named Ferdinand of Antequera and also the Just ( or the Honest ) was king of Aragon , Valencia , Majorca , Sardinia and ( nominal ) Corsica and king of Sicily , duke ( nominal ) of Athens and Neopatria , and count of Barcelona , Roussillon and Cerdanya ( 1412–1416 ) . He was also regent of Castile ( 1406–1416 ) .
Biography
Ferdinand was born 27 November 1380 in Medina del Campo , the younger son of King John I of Castile and Eleanor of Aragon .
On 15 August 1403 in Medina del Campo , Ferdinand founded a new order of knighthood , the Order of the Jar .
In 1406 , upon the death of his elder brother , King Henry III of Castile , Ferdinand declined the Castilian crown and instead , with Henry 's widow Catherine of Lancaster , became coregent during the minority of his nephew John II of Castile . In this capacity he distinguished himself by his prudent administration of domestic affairs .
In a war with the Muslim Kingdom of Granada , he conquered the town of Antequera ( 1410 ) , whence his surname .
After Ferdinand 's maternal uncle , King Martin I of Aragon ( Martin II of Sicily ) , died without surviving legitimate issue , Ferdinand was chosen King of Aragon in 1412 to succeed him in the Compromise of Caspe . The other candidate , Count James II of Urgell ( see Counts of Urgell ) , revolted and Ferdinand dissolved the County of Urgell in 1413 .
Ferdinand created the title of Prince of Girona for the heir of the Crown of Aragon on 19 February 1416 .
The most notable accomplishment of his brief reign was his agreement in 1416 to depose the Antipope Benedict XIII , thereby helping to end the Western Schism , which had divided the Roman Catholic Church for nearly 40 years .
He is buried in the Crown of Aragon 's royal pantheon of the monastery of Poblet , in a magnificent tomb ordered by his son Alfonso to Pere Oller in 1417 .
The Italian humanist Lorenzo Valla wrote an official biography of Ferdinand , Historiarum Ferdinandi regis Aragonum libri sex .
Family and children
In 1393 Ferdinand married Eleanor of Alburquerque ( 1374–1435 ) . They had seven children :
Alfonso V of Aragon ( 1396–1458 ) , king of Aragon , Sicily and Naples , married Maria of Castile
Maria of Aragon , ( 1403–1445 ) , queen of Castile , first wife of John II of Castile
John II of Aragon ( 1398–1479 )
Henry of Aragon ( c. 1400-1445 ) , duke of Villena , count of Alburquerque and Empuries , lord of Sogorb , etc . and grand master of the military Order of Santiago , married Catherine of Castile
Eleanor of Aragon , ( 1402–1445 ) , queen of Portugal , who married Edward I of Portugal
Peter of Aragon ( 1406–1438 ) , count of Alburquerque and duke of Noto
Sancho of Aragon ( c.1400–1416 ) , grand master of the Orders of Calatrava and Alcántara
Appearance and character
`` He was tall , a little more than average , and thin and ruddy , and his cheeks had a few freckles ... very patient to all who wanted to talk to him , even if their speeches were ordinary or not well-reasoned ... ''
Genealogy
References
Bibliography
Further reading
T. N. Bisson , The Medieval Crown of Aragon .
External links
Ferdinand I of Catalonia-Aragon in the Catalan Hyperencyclopaedia
H. J. Chaytor , A History of Aragon and Catalonia , ch . 14 , `` The 'Compromise ' of Caspe '' .
La Monarquía Hispánica : Fernando I el de Antequera ( 1412-1416 ) ( in Spanish )
Article of Francesca Español Bertran on his tomb in Poblet ( in Spanish )
1380 births
1416 deaths
15th-century Aragonese monarchs
15th-century Kings of Sicily
People from Medina del Campo
House of Trastámara
Monarchs of Majorca
Valencian monarchs
Counts of Barcelona
Castilian infantes
Regents of Castile
Burials at the Poblet Monastery
Counts of Malta
Charles Holte may refer to :
Sir Charles Holte , 3rd Baronet ( 1649-1722 ) of the Holte baronets , MP for Warwickshire ( UK Parliament constituency )
Sir Charles Holte , 6th Baronet ( 1721-1782 ) of the Holte baronets , MP for Warwickshire
See also
Charles Holt ( disambiguation )
Holte ( surname )
Sultan Masrahi ( ; born 31 May 1987 ) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a center back for Al-Safa .
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Association football defenders
Saudi Arabian footballers
Al-Qadsiah FC players
Al-Nahda Club ( Saudi Arabia ) players
Al Batin FC players
Damac FC players
Khaleej FC players
Al-Thoqbah Club players
Al Safa FC players
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi Second Division players
Frumoasa is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Frumoasa and Păuleasca .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Yunlin County ( Mandarin pinyin : Yúnlín Xiàn ; Taigi POJ : Hûn-lîm-koān ; Hakka PFS : Yùn-lìm-yen ) is a county in western Taiwan . Yunlin County borders the Taiwan Strait to the west , Nantou County to the east , Changhua County to the north at the Zhuoshui River , and Chiayi County to the south at the Beigang River . Yunlin is part of the Chianan Plain , a flat land known for its agriculture . Agricultural products of Yunlin County include pomelo , tea leaves , suan cai , papaya and muskmelon . Yunlin 's rivers give it potential for hydroelectricity . Douliu is the largest and capital city of Yunlin . It is the only county on Taiwan main island where no city with the same name exists . Yunlin is one of the least developed counties on the West coast , and suffers from emigration .
History
Dutch Formosa
During the Dutch Formosa era , Ponkan ( modern-day Beigang ) was an important coastal castle .
Qing Dynasty
Yunlin County was established during the Qing Dynasty . Liu Mingchuan was in charge of Taiwan , which had been divided into three counties since 1683 , Yunlin being part of Zhuluo County . Mountains made transportation and communication between bordering counties ( Changhua and Chiayi ) difficult , so Liu suggested a new county , called Yunlin , for easier management . In 1887 , Yunlin became one of the four counties of the new Taiwan Prefecture .
Empire of Japan
During Japanese rule , Yunlin ( as Unrin ) County was again abolished due to the resistance from the local people and combined with Tainan Prefecture . However , continued to be an important city of central Taiwan .
Republic of China
The Yunlin area remained under Tainan County after the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China on 25 October 1945 . On 16 August 1950 , Yunlin County was separated from Tainan County , with Douliu Township as the county seat . On 25 December 1981 , Douliu Township was upgraded to a county-administered city . Yunlin is the only county on Taiwan island without a city of the same name .
Geography
Yunlin County is located in the central-south portion of western Taiwan and is at the northern tip of the Chianan Plain . The county is bordered by Nantou County to the east , the Taiwan Strait to the west , Chiayi County to the south separated by the Beigang River , and Changhua County to the north separated by the Zhuoshui River . Its widest distance from east to west is and from north to south is , with a total area of .
Geology
Around 80 % of Yunlin County are plains and the other 10 % are hills . Generally the county is covered with high green space . In 2015 , the county experienced 75 % of Taiwan 's total land subsidence , over an area of due to its groundwater overuse .
Climate
The weather in the county is tropical , with an annual average temperature of 22.6 °C and an average annual rainfall of 1,028.9 mm .
Administration
Yunlin County is divided into 1 city , 5 urban townships and 14 rural townships . Douliu City is the county seat and home to the Yunlin County Government and the Yunlin County Council . Chang Li-shan of the Kuomintang is the incumbent Magistrate of Yunlin County .
Color indicates the statutory language status of Hakka in the respective subdivisions .
Politics
Yunlin County elected two Democratic Progressive Party legislators to the Legislative Yuan during the 2016 legislative election .
Demographics and Culture
Cultural activities in the county is regulated by the Bureau of Cultural Affairs of the Yunlin County Government , which holds exhibitions , speeches , performances and studies to promote the arts and related activities .
Sports
The county government promotes many sports . The Douliu Baseball Stadium and Yunlin County Stadium are two of the international-level sports facilities in the county .
The first for-all-people games were held in Yunlin County in 2000 . The county also hosted the 2005 National Games . In the 2011 National Games at Changhua , Yunlin ranked 11th out of the 22 counties and cities of Taiwan , with 10 gold , 8 silver and 8 bronze medals .
Recent major sporting events held by Yunlin include :
2007 Baseball World Cup ( co-hosted with Taipei , New Taipei , and Taichung )
2010 Intercontinental Cup ( co-hosted with Taichung )
2013 18U Baseball World Cup ( co-hosted with Taichung )
2015 WBSC Premier12 ( co-hosted with Taipei , Taoyuan , and Taichung )
2019 Asian Baseball Championship ( co-hosted with Taichung )
2022 U-23 Baseball World Cup ( co-hosted with Taipei and Taichung )
Economy
Yunlin County 's economy relies mainly on agricultural production , including fresh-water fisheries , although there are also industrial parks . As of 2006 , the land use for agriculture , forestry and fishery production accounts about 66.45 % of its area . As of July 2015 , the county had a total debt of NT $ 64.8 billion . Monthly , the county government spend NT $ 600 million for staffs salary and another NT $ 600 million for retirement funds .
Agriculture
Farmlands account for around 68 % of Yunlin County 's area . Good weather and fertile lands allows various seasonal crops . Among the agricultural products are coffee , hard clams , horseshoe calms , Taiwan tilapia , shaddock , soy sauce , pickled cabbage , peanuts and sesame oil .
Fishery
Yunlin County boasts excellent fishing grounds along its coastline . There are several leading fishing ports , at Boziliao , Santiaolun , Taixi , Taizicun , and Jinhu . Several institutions were established in the county to help the development of the county 's fishing industries : the Taixi Experimental Fishing Grounds , the Seawater Fish Farming Research Center , the Aquaculture Experimental Station , and the Agriculture Council .
Livestock
Livestock farming includes pigs , cows , chickens , geese and ducks . The county government has been aggressively helping the dairy farmers to upgrade their feeding techniques , and also set up modern meat-packing facilities .
Tourism
The county government plans to develop the tourism and recreational industries within the county , such as by establishing a holiday fish market at the Boziliao Fishing Port in the hopes of attracting more visitors .
Food
Beigang : Duck meat soup is the most famous breakfast in Begiang .
Gukeng : Bucket Chicken
Kouhu : Mullet roe , eel
Lunbei : Meatballs
Shuilin : Sweet potatoes
Sihu : Eel Noodles
The eel fried noodles have about 10 slices of eel . The noodles are soft but strong .
Tounan : Fried buns
Tuku : Angelica Duck Noodles , a traditional tonic snack . The red noodles are more fragrant the more you chew .
Xiluo : Carrot cake
The filling of the cake is unlike ordinary cakes . The taste is dense and has pieces and the aroma of carrots . It is a common place for gatherings .
Education
The county is home to four universities : the China Medical University Beigang Campus , the National Formosa University , the National Yunlin University of Science and Technology and the TransWorld University . There are 8 public senior high schools , 9 private high schools , 32 junior high schools and 156 elementary schools , as well as the National Yunlin Special Education School .
To promote lifelong learning , the Yunlin County Government established a community university in 2001 with 6 learning centers to offer county residents more opportunities .
Senior High Schools
Public Schools
National Beigang Agricultural & Industrial Vocational Senior High School
National Beigang Senior High School
National Huwei Agricultural & Industrial Vocational Senior High School
National Huwei Senior High School
National Tou-liu School Of Home Economic & Commerce
National Tou-liu Senior High School
National Tuku School Of Home Economic & Commerce
Yunlin County Mailiao High School
Yunlin County Tounan Senior High School
Private Schools
Bliss And Wisdom Senior High School
Da-cheng Vocational High School
Dader Industrial And Commercial Vocational High School
Perpetual Help High School
Ren High School
Sacred Hearts High School
St.Vincent High School
Victoria Academy
Yang-tze High School
Yi-feng Senior High School
Energy
Power generations
Yunlin County houses one power plant , the Mailiao Power Plant , in Mailiao Township . Commissioned in July 1999 , it has a capacity of 4,200 MW and is the third largest coal-fired power plant in Taiwan .
Water supply
Currently , most of the county residence use groundwater as their water supply . However , in 2016 the Hushan Dam was opened in Douliu City in which its reservoir will soon supply the water needs for the county residence .
Tourist attractions
Historical buildings
Historical buildings in the county include the House of Citizen-Memorial Hall of Attendance , Jhen Wen Academy , Erlun Story House and Xiluo Theater .
Ma Min Shan Park Labyrinth
The first temple theme park in Taiwan with the largest area , the park occupies a large area , full of unique mountains and rocks . It features a beautiful courtyard landscape of high mountain and stone forests , matched with beautiful surroundings . There are a total of 73 characteristic landscapes in the area . The park includes the steep and eye-catching Rainbow Bridge . You can climb up to a panoramic view of the park .
Xiluo Bridge
Xiluo Bridge , a highway bridge in Taiwan , it was called Zhuoshuixi Bridge during the Japanese Occupation . It connects Yunlin County and Changhua County , and straddles the lower reaches of Zhuoshui River . It is designed with a Warren-style truss bridge . When it was completed in 1952 , the Xiluo Bridge was the second longest bridge in the world after the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco in the United States . At that time , it was known as the `` Far East First Bridge . ''
Scenic spot
Caoling is a popular mountain scenic spot in Yunlin County .
Green Tunnel Park
It is a long and narrow roadside park with a brick walking/biking path lined with mango trees . Next to the tunnel , there was a small sugar train that ran along the road . Its tracks , stations , and carriages were quite unique . Therefore , the Gukeng Township Government plans to combine its landscape with a small train and plan it as a place for people to get married and as a cultural landscape park .
Temples
Prominent Temples in the county include ;
Beigang Chaotian Temple : one of the most important Mazu temples in Taiwan and known for its magnificent temple architecture , visited by more than a million pilgrims every year
Beigang Wude Temple ( 北港武德宮 ) : one of the largest temple dedicated to Xuan Tan Zhen Jun ( 玄壇真君 ) , Martial God of Wealth
Xiluo Guangfu Temple : prominent Mazu temple in Xiluo township
Xiluo Fuxing Temple ( 西螺福興宮 ) ： prominent Mazu temple in Xiluo township , have an annual procession during Mazu 's Birthday
Yong'an Temple : a popular temple dedicated to the Deity known as Kai Zhang Sheng Wang ( 開漳聖王 )
Museums and cultural centers
Yunlin County is home to several museums and cultural centers , such as the Beigang Cultural Center , Farming and Irrigation Artifacts Museum , Honey Museum , Museum of Beigang Story , Soy Sauce Brewing Museum , Yunlin Hand Puppet Museum , Yunlin Story House and Zhaoan Hakka Cultural Hall .
Cheng Lin Agarwood Forest Museum
Chenglin Agarwood Forest Museum is located in Huwei Town , covering an area of about 5.8 hectares . It was the first largest agarwood forest park in the county . It has a Japanese Zen-style like Kenroku Garden and a simple style of ecological landscape pond . The garden is covered with more than 80 species of trees for viewing . The venue has a professional guided introduction and many thousand-year-old cypress artworks , as well as Chenglin 's exclusive collection of the world 's largest 3,000-year-old sacred wood .
Honey Museum
Bee Story House is located beside the green tunnel of Gukeng . You can see a large turf once you enter the park . There is a very eye-catching big bee on the roof of the pavilion . On both sides of the door are bees to greet visitors . The theme is an exhibition of honey , bees and honey tasting . Children can play on the grass .
Festivals
Festivals , such as the Beigang International Music Festival , are regularly held in the county .
Theme parks
The Janfusun Fancyworld is a theme park in the county .
Chan Chau Ku is a dairy farm . Although there were quite a few dairy farmers in the area , there was no way for tourists to visit the parks . So the founder decided to build a leisure farm and open the park for free to encourage everyone to get close to nature .
Nature
Yunlin County houses the Chenglong Wetlands , Erlun Sports Park , Penglai Waterfall and Ten A Thousand Year Gorge .
Hushan Reservoir
Hushan Reservoir is located in Douliu City and Gukeng Township , 10 kilometers southeast of Douliu City . Due to the small catchment area , the Tongtou River Barrage was built in Qingshui Creek . Water was diverted to supplement the water source .
Penglai Waterfall
Penglai Waterfall is located in Penny 's Water Creek Valley on the east side of the Caoling settlement in Gukeng Township . It belongs to the Zhuoshui River Basin . The altitude of the waterfall is about 920 meters , and the drop is about 70 meters . It is listed as one of the ten scenic spots in Caoling .
Transportation
Rail
Taiwan High Speed Rail Yunlin Station is located at Huwei Township . Taiwan Railways Administration has stations at Linnei , Shiliu , Douliu , Dounan and Shigui .
Roads
National Highway No . 1 and No . 3 pass through Yunlin County . Famous bridges in the county are the Xiluo Bridge , connecting the county to the neighboring Changhua County , and the Beigang Tourist Bridge , connecting the county to the neighboring Chiayi County .
Air
Yunlin County does not have any airport . The nearest airport is the Chiayi Airport located in neighboring Chiayi County .
Relative location
See also
List of Taiwanese superlatives
References
External links
Yunlin County Government Website
The Church of England Newspaper is an independent Anglican weekly newspaper . Based in London , it is published on Fridays .
The Church of England Newspaper is notable as the earliest church paper , and one of the oldest newspapers still in circulation . It is independent of the Church of England hierarchy . It normally adopts a broadly evangelical stance , as opposed to the historically Anglo-Catholic-leaning Church Times .
The Church of England Newspaper has only had this name since 1949 , as it has amalgamated with other publications over the years . It was founded in 1828 as The Record , and continued under that title until 31 December 1948 . At that point it merged with Church Family Newspaper , which itself was first issued on 8 February 1894 . The British Weekly : a journal of social and Christian progress was , from not long after its founding in 1886 , `` one of the most successful religious newspapers of its time '' and `` a major voice of the ‘ Nonconformist Conscience ' in late Victorian Britain '' . The author of Voices of Nonconformity : William Robertson Nicoll and the British Weekly ( 2011 ) asserts that that newspaper `` acquired the Christian World in the 1960s , but in the 1970s , it passed into the ownership of the Christian Weekly Newspapers , the publishers of the Church of England Newspaper . ''
The paper was owned by the Conservative politician John Cordle from 1946 .
References
External links
Weekly newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Newspapers published in London
Anglican newspapers and magazines
Publications established in 1828
NGC 4861 , also known as Arp 266 , is a galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici . It was discovered by William Herschel on May 1 , 1785 .
Morphological classification of NGC 4861 has proved relatively difficult . Its mass , size , and rotational velocity are consistent with it being a spiral galaxy . However , due to its highly irregular shape , it may also be classified as a dwarf irregular galaxy . In fact , since dwarf galaxies are less massive and have lower gravitational potentials , gases and other material for star formation can move within them much faster , causing the galaxy to become a specific type of starburst galaxy , called a blue compact dwarf galaxy . It has also been described as a `` comet-like '' galaxy due to its resemblance to a comet .
Two ultraluminous X-ray sources ( ULXs ) have been found within NGC 4861 . The first , NGC 4861 X1 , is associated with a dense H II region . The second , NGC 4861 X2 , seems to be within a small star cluster near the `` comet head '' of NGC 4861 . Assuming it is a star cluster , it has a mass of and an age of 5 million years . Compared to other star clusters with which ULXs are associated , its mass is quite low .
See also
Dwarf irregular galaxy
References
External links
Irregular galaxies
Spiral galaxies
4861
266
8098
44536
Canes Venatici
De Haven is an unincorporated community in northern Frederick County , Virginia . Originally known as Duck Race , De Haven sprang up as a farming community on Back Creek at its confluence with Babbs Run . De Haven is located on Green Spring Road ( VA 671 ) at Hodges Lane ( VA 741 ) .
Historic sites
Pine Grove School
Pine Grove United Methodist Church
References
Unincorporated communities in Frederick County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Baleyran ( , also Romanized as Baleyrān ) known as Baliran is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 101 , in 25 families .
Gallery
References
Populated places in Amol County
Tourist attractions in Amol
Roscow George Shedden ( 13 May 1882 – 11 December 1956 ) was an Anglican colonial bishop in the first half of the 20th century .
Born into the family of Sir George Shedden of Paulespury Park , at East Cowes he was educated at Twyford School , Winchester , and Brasenose College , Oxford , and was ordained into the ministry of the Church of England in 1907 . His first posts were at St Peter 's Leicester and All Saints , Margaret Street . He was ordained to the episcopate as Bishop of Nassau , a position he held until 1931 . Returning to England he was Vicar of St Peter and St Paul 's , Wantage from 1931 until his retirement in 1952 . He was also an Assistant Bishop of Oxford from 1947 until his death on 11 December 1956 .
References
1882 births
People from Cowes
People educated at Twyford School
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of New College , Oxford
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of Nassau
1956 deaths
Ginesi is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Edna Ginesi ( 1902–2000 ) , British artist
Veriano Ginesi ( 1907–1989 ) , Italian actor
See also
Gini ( disambiguation )
Italian-language surnames
New York is a hamlet in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , in the parish of Wildmore in the Lincolnshire Fens on the B1192 road near Coningsby , north of Boston . At the 2001 Census , its population was less than 150 .
Background
A Methodist church was built here in 1872 . It was purchased by auction by a private buyer in July 2011 .
New York County Primary School is on Langrick Road , to the south .
The hamlet is the inspiration for the Gavin Bryars piece New York .
References
Hamlets in Lincolnshire
East Lindsey District
Alfredo Zanellato ( 8 April 1931 – 5 May 2021 ) was an Italian painter .
Biography
Zanellato studied drawing at the Art Institute of Adria . He held his first exhibition in 1957 in Mesola . Two years later , he set up a solo show in Ferrara , with his friend and mentor Mimì Quilici Buzzacchi .
In 1962 , he obtained a prestigious award for a competition announced by Columbia University . This fact allows the artist to exhibit not only in the most important American cities , but also in Paris , Moscow and Warsaw .
Critics who appreciated his style include the numerous positive interventions written by Raffaele De Grada , Marcello Venturoli and Cesare Zavattini .
His most famous subjects are chairs , objects that refer to the `` stuffed and lost time '' past .
In 2018 , Mesola organized an anthological exhibition at the castle of the same name to celebrate Zanellato 's illustrious career . The painter donated a work as a gesture of thanks to the municipality .
Zanellato died on May 5 , 2021 , at the age of 90 .
References
1931 births
2021 deaths
Italian painters
People from the Province of Ferrara
James Porter Moreland ( born March 9 , 1948 ) , better known as J. P. Moreland , is an American philosopher , theologian , and Christian apologist . He currently serves as a Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology at Biola University in La Mirada , California .
Biography
Moreland specializes in metaphysics , philosophy of mind , and Christian philosophy , having had his work published in journals such as Metaphilosophy and the American Philosophical Quarterly . He has also had his work published by presses such as Intervarsity Press , NavPress , Zondervan , Oxford University Press , Routledge , Rutgers University Press , and Prometheus .
Moreland earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Missouri and a Master of Arts in philosophy with the highest honors from the University of California , Riverside . He received his Th.M . in Theology from Dallas Theological Seminary . In 1985 , he received a Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Southern California . His dissertation was `` Universals and the Qualities of Things : A defense of Realism . '' His dissertation advisor was Dallas Willard . Moreland is married to Hope and together they have two children and four grandchildren .
Career
Moreland teaches at the Talbot School of Theology at Biola University in La Mirada , California . He is a member of the Board of Advisors for the Center on Culture and Civil Society at the Independent Institute . He served for eight years as a bioethicist for Personal Care Nursing Homes , Inc. in Baltimore , Maryland .
He has debated Clancy Martin over the existence of God as well as Canadian philosopher Kai Nielsen and Eddie Tabash on whether the supernatural exists . He has been a frequent guest on the PBS television series Closer to Truth .
Views
Moreland is a substance dualist , and also defends libertarian free will , as well as life after death . Moreland has defended the existence of angels and demons , arguing that he knows they exist due to both Christian doctrine and personal experience . He is an old earth creationist who is a critic of fideism .
In 2017 , Moreland signed the Nashville Statement .
Awards and honors
Awarded fellowship for Ph.D. in nuclear chemistry , University of Colorado ( 1970 ) .
Rollin Thomas Chafer Award in Christian Apologetics , Dallas Seminary ( 1978–79 ) .
Academic Excellence Award , International School of Theology ( 1982–83 ) .
Winner of the Outstanding Professor of the Year Award , Lakin School of Religion , Liberty University , ( 1988–89 ) .
Elected as a Member of the executive committee for the Society of Christian Philosophers , ( 1997–99 ) .
Fellow of the Center for the Renewal of Science & Culture , Discovery Institute . ( 2000–present )
Winner of the Robert Fischer Faculty Member of the Year Award , Biola University , ( 1998–99 ) .
Member of the advisory board for Philosophia Christi , ( 1999 to 2003 ) .
Member of the executive committee for the Evangelical Philosophical Society ( 1999-2003 , 2006 to present ) .
Fellow of the Wilberforce Forum , 2001 to present .
Works
Moreland has authored or edited numerous publications , including :
Books
Edited by
Chapters
See also
American philosophy
List of American philosophers
References
External links
Official Websites
J. P. Moreland 's personal website
J. P. Moreland 's official Facebook page
Faculty page of J. P. Moreland
J. P. Moreland ( Theopedia )
Debates
Closer to Truth
Other Talks
American philosophers
Biola University faculty
Christian apologists
Protestant philosophers
Living people
1948 births
American Christian theologians
American Christian creationists
Christian Old Earth creationists
University of Southern California alumni
Critics of atheism
Writers about religion and science
Distinguished professors of philosophy
Fear No More may refer to :
Fear No More ( film ) , a 1961 American film starring Mala Powers
`` Fear No More '' , a song by Stephen Sondheim in Shakespeare Revue
`` Fear No More '' ( Desperate Housewives ) , an episode of Desperate Housewives
`` Fear No More '' , a song by All-4-One from the 1998 album On and On ( All-4-One album )
Fear No More ( album ) , by The Afters ( 2019 )
See also
`` Fear no more the heat o ' the sun '' , a song in Shakespeare 's play Cymbeline
Blue is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Bryan County , Oklahoma , United States . It is located east of Durant , the county seat . It is named after the nearby Blue River . As of the 2010 census it had a population of 195 . Its post office was established on July 1 , 1874 .
At the time of its founding , Blue was located in Blue County , Choctaw Nation . In 1886 that portion of Blue County was joined by portions of Atoka County and Kiamitia County to form Jackson County . Jackson County 's western border was the Blue River , just west of the village of Blue .
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Bryan County , Oklahoma
Census-designated places in Oklahoma
Thomas de Boues was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1215 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Boundary Pass is a strait that runs for about along the boundary between the U.S. state of Washington and the Canadian province of British Columbia . It connects Haro Strait to the south with the Strait of Georgia to the north .
The USGS defines its northern boundary as a line extending from East Point on Saturna Island to Alden Point on Patos Island . Its southeastern boundary is a line from Alden Point on Patos Island to Point Hammond on Waldron Island then from Sandy Point on Waldron Island to Charles Point on Stuart Island . Its southwestern boundary is a line connecting Turn Point on Stuart Island to Point Fairfax on Moresby Island . Its western boundary is a line running from Pelorus Point on Moresby Island to Wallace Point on North Pender Island then to Tilly Point on South Pender Island then from Teece Point on South Pender Island to Taylor Point on Saturna Island .
References
Borders of Washington ( state )
Landforms of the Gulf Islands
Straits of San Juan County , Washington
Straits of British Columbia
Straits of Washington ( state )
Borders of British Columbia
Canada–United States border
International straits
is a railway station on the Kominato Line in Ichihara , Chiba , Japan , operated by the third-sector railway operator Kominato Railway .
Lines
Tsukizaki Station is served by the Kominato Railway Kominato Line , and lies 29.8 km from the western terminus of the line at Goi Station .
Station layout
The station has a single side platform serving a bidirectional single track . There is an additional island platform next to the running line , but this is now disused . The old , wooden , station building is unstaffed , and has a waiting room only , and no ticket gate .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on September 1 , 1926 . It has been unstaffed since 1 April 1967 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2010 , the station was used by an average of 5 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
was a town located in Tagata District , Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan .
As of March 1 , 2004 , final population data before the amalgamation , the town had an estimated population of 7,677 and a density of 56.8 persons per km2 . The total area was 135.14 km2 .
On April 1 , 2004 , Amagiyugashima , along with the towns of Nakaizu , Shuzenji and Toi ( all from Tagata District ) , was merged to create the city of Izu .
Amagiyugashima was noted for its production of wasabi . It was also the location of the Amagi Tunnel , a tourist attraction based on a famous scene in Yasunari Kawabata 's novel The Dancing Girl of Izu .
External links
Izu City official website ( Japanese )
Dissolved municipalities of Shizuoka Prefecture
Izu , Shizuoka
The No Limit Soldiers were a stable in World Championship Wrestling that was formed after rapper Master P signed with the company . The Soldiers notably feuded with The West Texas Rednecks from June to July 1999 .
History
The relationship between WCW and Master P was supposed to be a symbiotic one , with WCW gaining exposure with fans of hip hop music , and Master P getting his cousin Randy Thornton ( Swoll ) a break in the wrestling business in the United States , as his only prior in-ring experience was a brief stint in New Japan back in 1991 .
Although the No Limit Soldiers , named such after Master P 's No Limit Records , were packaged as a face stable , complete with a rallying cry of `` Hoody Hoo '' , they failed to connect with the mostly Southern WCW audience . Master P was first introduced during a press conference on WCW Monday Nitro on June 14 , 1999 . In his only other televised appearance , on Nitro the following week , he and the Soldiers ( including Brad Armstrong , renamed `` BA '' ) bullied heel wrestler Curt Hennig by rejecting a present he gave to Master P 's brother Silkk The Shocker—a custom-made cowboy hat—with Silkk stomping on it and Master P then assaulting Hennig with a birthday cake . This created confusion among fans as Hennig was a heel who was being bullied by a group of people promoted by WCW as faces . He was reportedly paid $ 200,000 per appearance by Eric Bischoff for his short participation in WCW .
As part of the storyline , Hennig put together his own four-man country-themed stable of The West Texas Rednecks , along with Barry and Kendall Windham , and Bobby Duncum , Jr . However , the Soldiers outnumbered Hennig 's group by nearly two to one , and they were put over the Rednecks in a four-man tag match at Bash at the Beach pay-per-view on July 11 when Rey Mysterio , Jr. pinned Hennig . The country-rap angle abruptly ended thereafter as the Rednecks were moved into a new feud with The Revolution , save for a July 22 match on WCW Thunder in which Hennig pinned Soldiers newcomer Chase .
Another setback for the Soldiers was that the group consisted of either unestablished rookies such as Chase and Swoll , who were booked to defeat experienced workers such as Fit Finlay and Lenny Lane ; and repackaged veterans like Armstrong who would often take the brunt of opponents ' offense in tag team matches before Swoll would enter to score the pin . None truly connected with audiences , despite the group 's inclusion of fan favorites Mysterio and Konnan .
Aftermath
Following the breakup of the Soldiers , Konnan and Mysterio moved on to form The Filthy Animals , while the other members appeared sporadically on WCW Saturday Night . Swoll and 4x4 were one-time ( kayfabe ) bodyguards for Dennis Rodman in his feud with Randy Savage , and they , along with BA , briefly feuded with Jimmy Hart 's First Family before they were both released by WCW in September , while Armstrong returned to working under his regular ring name . 4x4 temporarily returned as part of Harlem Heat 2000 under the name Kash , then was gone from the company for good when the team disbanded in May 2000 .
See also
The Filthy Animals
References
World Championship Wrestling teams and stables
1999 in professional wrestling
Dimitrios Voutsas ( ; born 20 May 2000 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Evosmos .
References
2000 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Ergotelis F.C . players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
Portea orthopoda is a plant species in the genus Portea .
Cultivars
× Portemea 'Puna '
References
BSI Cultivar Registry Retrieved 11 October 2009
orthopoda
ΚΕΦΑΛΗΞΘ ( commonly known as Psalm 69 : The Way to Succeed and the Way to Suck Eggs or simply Psalm 69 ) is the fifth studio album by American industrial metal band Ministry , released on July 14 , 1992 , by Sire Records . It was produced by frontman Al Jourgensen and bassist Paul Barker , and was recorded from March 1991 to May 1992 in Chicago , Illinois and Lake Geneva , Wisconsin . The album 's title , initially intended to be The Tapes of Wrath , ended up being derived from Aleister Crowley 's The Book of Lies .
Psalm 69 features elements of speed metal , rockabilly , and psychobilly , with lyrics exploring social , political , and religious topics . With much anticipation following the success of Ministry 's previous album The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste ( 1989 ) , pressures on the band were said to be high , in addition to the growing substance abuse of several members and worsening relationships between them . It was also the first time Mike Scaccia had been significantly involved in a Ministry album , after appearing on tours in support of The Mind ....
Preceded by lead single `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' , Psalm 69 was a critical and commercial success upon its release , peaking at number 27 on the US Billboard 200 and number 33 on the UK Albums Chart . It was supported by two more singles : `` N.W.O . '' and `` Just One Fix '' , with accompanying music videos directed by Peter Christopherson . Psalm 69 is considered to be Ministry 's most successful album , having been certified gold in Canada and Australia , and platinum in the US . Following its release , Ministry joined the second annual Lollapalooza tour before commencing a tour through Europe and the US ; `` N.W.O . `` , `` Just One Fix '' , and the title track have become permanent features of the band 's live setlist . `` N.W.O . '' was nominated for the Best Metal Performance at the 35th Annual Grammy Awards .
Background and recording
In March 1991 , following the conclusion of the year-long tour in support of Revolting Cocks album Beers , Steers , and Queers , Al Jourgensen returned with his bandmates at Chicago Trax ! studios , to work on Ministry 's next major release . Jourgensen claimed that the record company Warner Bros. Records ( to which Ministry were signed via their subsidiary , Sire Records ) initially gave the band an enormous budget expecting a follow-up to The Mind ... to become a big hit compared with Michael Jackson 's album Thriller ; actually , Jourgensen , as he claimed in 2013 , with his then wife Patty ( née Marsh ) and guitarist Mike Scaccia spent most of the budget on drugs , paying $ 1,000 per day . Meanwhile , the first Lollapalooza tour had arrived in Chicago in early August 1991 . Jourgensen went backstage attending a show by the band Butthole Surfers . After the gig , he had invited Butthole Surfers ' singer Gibby Haynes to Chicago Trax ! to record what became the vocals and spoken word parts for the song `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' . While finishing `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' , Jourgensen was contacted by Sire/Warner Bros. executives , who asked if he had any completed material . Jourgensen sent them `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' since it was the only song recorded by this time . While the label was not happy with just having `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' , Jourgensen told them either to give another advance for further work or sign the band off . The label was doubtful if the band would record anything else , but decided to release `` Jesus Built My Hotrod '' ; following its success , they gave the band necessary budget , with the condition that the band would eventually finish the record .
Besides drug problems , there was also growing animosity between the band 's members , divided into two groups : while one group included Jourgensen and Scaccia , another—dubbed `` the Book Club '' by Jourgensen—included bassist Paul Barker , drummer Bill Rieflin and guest/live singer Chris Connelly . Jourgensen claimed that he and Scaccia added their parts separately from Barker , Rieflin and Connelly ; once Jourgensen and Scaccia would come in , they erased about 80 percent of what the Book Club associates did .
The last songs included for the album , the instrumental tracks `` Corrosion '' and `` Grace '' , were written mainly by Barker and recorded in February–March 1992 ; the album 's last session was held on May 7 , 1992 . Over 15 months were spent on the recording , however , only nine of about 30 songs made its way onto the final cut , with the rest being distributed to side projects .
Etymology
The title of the album is linked to chapter 69 of The Book of Lies , a written work of Aleister Crowley , where he uses the expression `` The way to succeed and the way to suck eggs '' as a pun for the 69 sex position ( `` suck seed '' and `` suck eggs '' ) . Moreover , Crowley titled the chapter ΚΕΦΑΛΗΞΘ ( which translates literally as `` shrugged '' and contains the sound ΛΗΞ `` licks '' ) but has a second meaning as a compound of Greek κεφαλη ( `` head '' ) and Ξ Θ ( an encoded alphabetic reference to `` 69 '' ) which both have slang meanings in English for sexual acts .
Subsequent to the album 's release , Ministry put multiple references to the number 69 in future albums . For example , the albums Dark Side of the Spoon and Houses of the Molé both have hidden tracks at track # 69 . A further reference to the number was exhibited on Houses of the Mole with a hidden track at # 23 titled `` Psalm 23 '' , one third of 69 .
Cover art
The cover art depicts a silhouette of an angel surrounded by clocks and other miscellaneous objects as border icons . It was designed by photographer Paul Elledge who conceived the layout after Jourgensen handed him a copy of Aleister Crowley 's 1918 The Book of Lies . The final cover image was a triple exposure of three images on one piece of film . The angel was a model from Chicago 's Art Institute , who was wearing angel wings crafted by the artist 's wife at the time . It took Elledge a week to complete the cover art .
Reception
Psalm 69 was ranked No . 80 on the Rolling Stone 's `` Top 100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time '' list , with author Suzy Exposito concluding that `` the result of the album was a manic drag race into a swampy hellmouth of thrash Americana – and it worked '' . The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die .
Accolades
`` N.W.O . '' was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance at the Grammy Awards of 1993 , but lost to Nine-Inch Nails ' `` Wish '' .
Legacy
Video game composer Frank Klepacki cited Psalm 69 album as a primary influence in creating the soundtrack for the 1995 video game Command & Conquer .
Track listing
All songs credited to Ministry , except noted . Writing credits taken from ASCAP and BMI databases .
Charts and certifications
Album
Singles
Certifications
Personnel
Credits adapted from the linear notes of the album .
Ministry
Al Jourgensen – vocals , guitars , keyboards , production
Mike Scaccia – guitar
Louis Svitek – guitar
Paul Barker – bass , programming , vocals , production
Bill Rieflin – drums
Additional musicians
Michael Balch – keyboards , programming
Howie Beno – programming
Gibby Haynes – vocals and lyrics
Production
Jeff `` Critter '' Newell – engineer
Paul Manno – engineer
Tom Baker – mastering
Paul Elledge – artwork
Dale Lavi – photography
`` Thirst '' – artwork assistant
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
ΚΕΦΑΛΗΞΘ 's promotion at the July 25 , 1992 [ Vol . 104 , No . 30 ] issue of Billboard via Google Books .
.
1992 albums
Ministry ( band ) albums
Albums produced by Al Jourgensen
Sire Records albums
Warner Records albums
`` Electric Harley House ( of Love ) '' is a single by American comedy metal/punk band Green Jellÿ .
Track listing versions
`` Electric Harley House ( of Love ) ( Rock Version ) '' - 4:38
`` Electric Harley House ( of Love ) ( Edit ) '' - 3:49
Lawsuit
In 1993 , Green Jellÿ was sued by the management of Metallica for partial use of their song `` Enter Sandman '' in the song `` Electric Harley House ( of Love ) '' . The bass and rhythm guitars in the solo section of the song play a riff close to that of `` Enter Sandman '' , and even though the band mentions it in lyric immediately after the riff , the band was forced to remove the part from the later CD versions of Cereal Killer and pull the music video from MTV .
Personnel
Danny Carey – drums
Bill Tutton , Rootin ' Bloomquist – bass
Marc Levinthal , Steven Shenar , Bernie Peaks – guitar
Bill Manspeaker , Joe Cannizzaro , Gary Helsinger , Greg Raynard , and Maynard James Keenan – vocals
Kim O'Donnell and Caroline Jester – back-up vocals , floor tom drummers
1993 songs
American punk rock songs
Green Jellÿ songs
Songs involved in plagiarism controversies
Social gravity is a term relating social structure and socioeconomics to the theory of Newtonian gravity .
Political and commercial theory
The term has been used to describe the system of commercial and political influence . For instance , in The Administration of the Colonies ( 1764 ) , Thomas Pownall ( 1722–1805 ) used the Newtonian concept of `` attraction '' to form the basis of his political and commercial theory of empire . Pownall 's vision provided an important explanation of the mechanism by which colonial theorists understood the possibility of empire being `` transferred '' from one state to another .
Pownall applied the Newtonian concept of gravity to his theory of empire , as evident in his suggestion that the `` laws of nature '' held the colonies to Great Britain in a manner `` analogous in all cases , by which the center of gravity in the solar system '' held the planets in their orbits . In making this analogy , Pownall 's notion of 'social gravity ' drew upon earlier visions of social cohesion , particularly ideas of sociability in eighteenth-century Britain . These ideas , in turn , were often predicated upon Stoic notions of cosmopolitanism , expressed by the key term oikeiôsis , in order to stress the `` moral '' imperative for like-minded humans to forge bonds dedicated to the common good .
Marketing and brand influence
Social gravity has been used to describe marketing campaigns focused on forming partnerships and engaging consumers . The term was coined by the Harvard Business Review to describe companies that build brand identity that `` pull customers into their orbit '' . This is done by using company resources to build relationships with a consumer base through authenticity and maintaining social connections .
Other applications
A 2019 publication in The Review of Higher Education related the theory of social gravity to academics . It was noted that peer interactions and social connections positively impact academic performance . As students build their social networks , their overall capacity to learn improves .
References
Theories of gravity
Economic theories
Billed as `` Part sail training vessel , part classroom , and part lab , '' the SSV Tabor Boy is a 92-foot gaff-rigged , two-masted topsail schooner that has been a part of the Tabor Academy in Marion , Massachusetts since 1954 . SSV stands for “ Sailing School Vessel ” and is the U.S. Coast Guard 's designation for the schooner . She is one of two Coast Guard inspected vessels in her class that operate in the Northeast United States . She is also the only vessel licensed to sail with a single captain and a crew composed entirely of students .
Orientation at sea
Each summer Tabor offers all incoming students a one-week sailing adventure aboard the schooner , Each week of the seven-week `` Orientation at Sea '' program brings together fifteen new students , one or two Tabor faculty members , and current student crew members for six days of sailing , exploring , and learning along the coast of Massachusetts . For new students , the cruise is a great introduction to Tabor . They have the opportunity to make friends with fellow newcomers , teachers , and returning students before starting school in the fall , while at the same time enjoying a general introduction to oceanology , marine biology , and environmental studies . As part of the schooner 's crew , students also learn to handle sail , stand watch , steer a course , perform emergency at sea situations , and take part in the various other duties involved in manning a large sailing vessel .
History
Built in 1914 in the Netherlands as Loodsschoener II , she was initially constructed to serve as pilot ship at the Rijkswerf in Amsterdam for the Dutch pilotage authorities . In 1923 she was acquired by the Dutch Merchant Marine who renamed her Bestevaer and used her to train officer candidates . During the Second World War the ship was requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine , which she served until the end of the war . She briefly went to the Russians before being reclaimed by the Netherlands and upon her return became private property . In 1950 Bestevaer was equipped as a yacht and sold to R. C. Allen of R. C. Allen Business Machines in Holland , Michigan . Allen sailed her to America and in 1954 presented her as a gift to the Tabor Academy who renamed her S.S.V . Tabor Boy . She is the fourth ship so named to serve the Tabor Academy . Today , the SSV Tabor Boy is a Coast Guard-inspected and certified Sailing School Vessel and is equipped with up-to-date safety gear and navigation electronics . Her various programs offer Tabor students a broad variety of opportunities to experience and learn from the sea . Tabor Boy has sailed between Maine and the Caribbean Sea , including a 1993 voyage through the Panama Canal . In 2006 , D.N . Kelley & Sons shipyard in Fairhaven , Massachusetts , subcontracted NorEast Marine Systems to do a total refit on the ship which included : Rebuilding water maker , installing new refrigeration , rewiring AC/DC electrical panels , installing new plumbing for all domestic water and re-designing the engine room .
References
Training ships of the United States
1914 ships
Ships built in the Netherlands
Schooners of the United States
Marion , Massachusetts
Hetzles is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany . The Municipality Hetzles includes the villages of Hetzles and Honings .
References
Forchheim ( district )
Carenum montanum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1916 .
References
montanum
Beetles described in 1916
FITALY is a keyboard layout specifically optimized for stylus or touch-based input . The design places the most common letters closest to the centre to minimize distance travelled while entering a word . The name , FITALY , is derived from the letters occupying the second row in the layout ( as QWERTY comes from the first row of standard keyboards ) .
In the first of several keyboards in the system , lowercase letters are arranged in the following pattern :
There are uppercase , numeric , and symbol keyboards as well , and various strokes ( rather than taps ) are used for both shifting case and selecting symbols . For details , see the manufacturer 's site ( below ) .
Fitaly was invented and patented by Jean Ichbiah and is commercialised by the company he founded , Textware Solutions .
The aim of the design is to optimise text entry by organising keys to minimise key-to-key finger movement , allowing faster input through one-finger entry ( compared to ten digits required to type efficiently on QWERTY layout ) . As compared to the three-row QWERTY keyboard , FITALY has five rows with at most six letters in a row ( as opposed to the ten on QWERTY ) .
Keys are arranged based on individual frequencies of letters in the English language , and the probability of transitions . The ten letters at the very centre ( i , t , a , l , n , e , d , o , r and s ) are used 73 % of the times when typing in English and with c , h , u and m added to the list , the number goes up to 84 % . The user nearly always finds the next likely letter on a key very close to the one previously tapped .
Currently supported platforms are Pocket PC / Windows Mobile , and Windows Tablet PC . There was a version for the Palm . An Android version is under consideration , but Barry Shaffer had a DIY Android port . That port is impractical for inserting text anywhere but after the last character of a document .
See also
Personal digital assistant
HexInput
References
External links
Fitaly.com
Fitaly.com
Mobiletechreview.com
The-gadgeteer.com
Writingonyourpalm.net
Everything2.com
Keyboard layouts
Latin-script keyboard layouts
Touchscreens
Input methods for handheld devices
Kristal Dawn Bodenschatz ( born Kristal Dawn Uzelac ; June 27 , 1986 ) is a retired American gymnast . A junior national all-around champion for three consecutive years , she was considered one of the United States ' most promising junior gymnasts in the late 1990s .
Early years
Uzelac was born on June 27 , 1986 , to parents Donnie and Brenda . She has one younger brother , Donnie , and two older siblings : a sister , Brandy , and a brother , Alan . Her mother , aunts and grandmother are all gymnastics coaches .
Uzelac began gymnastics at the age of two at her mother 's gym , Turners . She also played baseball and was a wrestler , but ultimately chose to dedicate her time to gymnastics . When she was eight , Uzelac began training at the Parkettes National Gymnastics Training Center in Allentown , Pennsylvania , where she made rapid progress . She was a member of the TOPS national developmental team in 1995 and 1996 , and , at the age of 11 , won the all-around title at the Junior Olympic national championships and qualified as an elite .
Gymnastics career
Uzelac 's first major competition as an elite gymnast was the 1998 US National Championships in Indianapolis , Indiana . She won the all-around bronze medal behind Morgan White and Ashley Postell . The gymnastics community began to take notice of Uzelac , who stood barely over four feet at the time , as her second day balance beam score was the highest of the field , and her overall total was just over a tenth away from capturing the title . Uzelac was a member of the American squad for the junior competition at the 1998 International Team Championships , where she placed second with the U.S. team and fifth in the all-around . She also competed in the 1998 Canberra Cup in Australia , an important meet for junior gymnasts , where she placed 10th all-around and won silver medals on vault and floor exercise .
In 1999 , Uzelac began her domination of the junior ranks . She won all-around at both the U.S. Classic in Rochester , New York , and the American Classic in Pomona , California , and , at the 1999 U.S. National Championships , captured the all-around , floor , balance beam and vault titles . Uzelac also enjoyed success in international competitions : she was a member of the first-place junior U.S. team , and won the floor exercise title , at the 1998 International Team Championships in Richmond , Virginia . Uzelac also competed in two dual meets : USA vs. Canada in Toronto , and USA vs. France in Normandy , France . She won the team , all around , uneven bars , and beam titles at both meets .
Uzelac won the junior all-around title in 2000 , and again in 2001 , which made her the only gymnast ever to win three consecutive junior all-around National Championships titles . She competed at the 2001 American Cup , where she placed third in the all-around and beam and second on floor exercise . Uzelac was named to the American team for the 2001 Goodwill Games , but was replaced by fellow Parkettes teammate Tia Orlando after spraining her knee in training .
In 2002 , Uzelac was eligible for senior competition . She competed at the 2002 U.S. National Championships , but injuries forced her to withdraw from three events on the second day of competition . The 2002 Pacific Alliance Championships was Uzelac 's last major international meet . She was a member of the gold medal-winning U.S. team , won an individual gold medal on vault , and placed third in the all-around .
After leaving elite gymnastics and taking a year-long break , Uzelac returned to compete in NCAA gymnastics for Penn State . She was a member of the PSU team for the 2004–2005 season , during which time she won the uneven bars and balance beam titles at the 2005 Big Ten Conference .
Post-retirement
Uzelac graduated from a therapeutic massage school in 2006 . She currently works as a coach at her parents ' gymnastics club , Uzelac Gymnastics .
References
1986 births
Living people
American female artistic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Johnstown , Pennsylvania
American people of Serbian descent
Parkettes
Pennsylvania State University alumni
U.S. women 's national team gymnasts
21st-century American women
Lunca is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Lunca and Prundu . It included two other villages until 2004 , when they were split off to form Saelele Commune .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
In medicine , Fowler 's position is a standard patient position in which the patient is seated in a semi-sitting position ( 45-60 degrees ) and may have knees either bent or straight . Variations in the angle are denoted by high Fowler , indicating an upright position at approximately 90 degrees and semi-Fowler , 30 to 45 degrees ; and low Fowler , where the head is slightly elevated . '' It is an intervention used to promote oxygenation via maximum chest expansion and is implemented during events of respiratory distress . Fowler 's position facilitates the relaxing of tension of the abdominal muscles , allowing for improved breathing . In immobile patients and infants , the Fowler 's position alleviates compression of the chest that occurs due to gravity . Fowler 's position increases comfort during eating and other activities , is used in postpartum women to improve uterine drainage , and in infants when signs of respiratory distress are present . Fowler 's position is also used when oral or nasal gastric feeding tubes have been implemented as it minimizes the risk of aspiration . Peristalsis and swallowing are aided by the effect of gravitational pull .
It is named for George Ryerson Fowler , who saw it as a way to decrease the mortality of peritonitis : Accumulation of purulent material under the diaphragm led to rapid systemic sepsis and septic shock , whereas pelvic abscesses could be drained through the rectum .
Semi-Fowler 's position
The Semi-Fowler 's position is a position in which a patient , typically in a hospital or nursing home in positioned on their back with the head and trunk raised to between 15 and 45 degrees , although 30 degrees is the most frequently used bed angle . The elevation is less than that of the fowler 's position , and may include the foot of the bed being raised at the knee to bend the legs.The position is useful in promoting lung expansion as gravity pulls the diaphragm downward , allowing for expansion and ventilation . It is also recommended during gastric feeding to reduce the risk of regurgitation and aspiration . During childbirth , the semi-fowler 's position is preferred over the full-fowler 's as it is generally more comfortable for the mother , and reduces the need for analgesics and surgical interventions such as operative vaginal delivery or cesarean sections . The semi-fowler 's position is also indicated when assessing the jugular veins .
High Fowler 's position
The high Fowler 's position is a position in which a patient , typically in a hospital , is placed when the head of the bed needs to be elevated as high as possible . The upper half of the patient 's body is between 60 degrees and 90 degrees in relation to the lower half of their body . The legs of the patient may be straight or bent . This position is also required postoperatively for pneumonectomy patients . This position is known colloquially as `` sitting '' .
This position is frequently used when feeding a patient ( especially one on feeding precautions ) , for radiology , needing to take a specific type of x-ray at the bedside , ( at times ) when a breathing treatment is being given to the patient , when the patient is having difficulty breathing , for nasogastric tube insertion , for dependent drainage after abdominal surgery , grooming , etc .
See also
Lithotomy position
Trendelenburg position
References
External links
Diagram
High-Fowler 's position
Bed Preparation Techniques
Human positions
Baghi is a 1956 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ashfaq Malik . Sudhir , Musarrat Nazir , Allauddin , and Agha Talish were among the main cast . It is considered the first action film of Lollywood .
Plot
The film is based on true events from the time of the British rule in the Indian subcontinent .
Cast
Sudhir played the role of Akbar in the film , with Musarrat Nazir who played Mahesh . Other cast included Yasmin , Allauddin , Talish , Nazar , Zeenat , Ajmal , Shahina , Ghulam Mohammad , Fazal Haq , Rakhshi , and Sultan Rahi ( extra )
Release and reception
The film was released on 14 September 1956 . It was a box office success , completing 51 weeks at the Regal Cinema in Karachi . The film was the first Pakistani film to be screened in China .
Production
The music for the film was composed by Rehman Verma , with song lyrics written by the poet Mashir Kazmi , Saghar Siddiqui and A.K . Musarrat . Munawar Sultana , Kausar Praveen , Zubaida Khanum , Pukhraj Pappu and Inayat Hussain Bhatti were the playback singers .
References
External links
Baaghi at IMDb
Pakistani black-and-white films
Pakistani action films
Schismatorhynchos holorhynchos is a cyprinid fish of the genus Schismatorhynchos . The species was first described by Siebert and Tjakrawidjaja in 1998 . It inhabits Malaysia and has a maximum length of .
References
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Fish of Malaysia
The 26th Trampoline World Championships were held at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex in Saint Petersburg , Russia from 11 to 14 November 2009 .
Programme
11.11.2009 Wednesday
11:20 - 14:40 Individual TRA Qualifications for Groups 1-4
15:35 - 18:05 Individual TRA Qualifications for Groups 5-7
12.11.2009 Thursday
11:00 - 13:00 TUM Women and DMT Men Qualifications
14:10 - 16:10 TUM Men and DMT Women Qualifications
19:00 TRA Women Team Final
19:46 TRA Men Team Final
13.11.2009 Friday
11:00 - 11:30 TRA Synchro Women and Men Qualifications
18:00 DMT Women Team Final
18:27 TUM Women Team Final
18:54 DMT Men Team Final
19:55 TRA Synchro Women Final
20:17 TUM Men Team Final
20:44 Individual TRA Men Final
14.11.2009 Saturday
14:00 DMT Men Final
14:29 TUM Men Final
14:57 DMT Women Final
16:00 TRA Synchro Men Final
16:22 TUM Women Final
16:50 Individual TRA Women Final
Medal winners
Results
Men
Individual
Synchro
Double Mini
Tumbling
Trampoline Team
Double Mini Team
Tumbling Team
Women
Individual
Synchro
Double Mini
Tumbling
Trampoline Team
Double Mini Team
Tumbling Team
Medal table
External links
Official results
Trampoline World Championships
Trampoline Gymnastics World Championships
Trampoline World Championships
Trampoline World Championships , 2009
Sports competitions in Saint Petersburg
November 2009 sports events in Russia
2000s in Saint Petersburg
Carenum nickerli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Ancey in 1880 .
References
nickerli
Beetles described in 1880
Urga is a Swedish music group that have released several albums under the Swedish record label Silence Records . A notable aspect of the band 's music is the use of an invented language called 'Urganska ' . They have also performed in Cirkus Cirkörs one of Scandinavia 's leading performing circus companies .
Discography
Albums
Ur Kaos Föds Allting ( 1997 )
Etanol ( 1998 )
Urgasm ( 2000 )
Singles
Loco
References
External links
Silence - Urga
Myspace - Urga
Swedish musical groups
Musical groups established in 1996
Robert Holt was an Australian politician .
Robert or Bob Holt may also refer to :
Robert Holt ( American football ) ( born 1959 ) , American football player
Robert Holt ( builder ) ( 1833–1909 ) , New Zealand builder , undertaker , timber merchant and sawmiller
Robert Durning Holt ( 1832–1908 ) , English cotton-broker and mayor of Liverpool
Robert R. Holt ( born 1917 ) , American psychologist
Bob Holt ( actor ) ( 1928–1985 ) , American actor
Bob Holt ( athlete ) ( born 1944 ) , English distance runner
Bob Holt ( fiddler ) ( 1930–2004 ) , American fiddler
See also
Robert Holte ( died 1679 ) , of the Holte baronets
Communist Party of Madrid ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista de Madrid ) , is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in the Community of Madrid .
External links
PCM website
Madrid
Political parties in the Community of Madrid
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Southwest Petroleum University ( SWPU , ) is a Chinese university founded in Nanchong , Sichuan in 1958 . It is a Chinese state Double First Class University Plan university .
Introduction
Southwest Petroleum University ( SWPU ) , located in suburb of Chengdu City and Nanchong City , was founded in 1958 . SWPU was originally named Sichuan Petroleum Institute and in 1970 , was renamed to Southwest Petroleum Institute . It became Southwest Petroleum University ( SWPU ) after achieving university status in 2005 . Originally , SWPU was supported and administered by the Ministry of Petroleum Industry and the China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) . Since 2000 , the university has been co-administered by both Sichuan Province and CNPC .
SWPU has two campuses : the original campus at Nanchong City and the main campus at Chengdu City with a total area of about 3,000 mu ( 494 acres ) . The total floor space is more than 900,000 square meters .
The university is divided into 18 schools and departments that , together , offer 60 bachelors degree programs . SWPU is one of the first universities in China that was authorized to confer bachelor , masters and doctoral degrees . It has one provincial-level graduate school offering three post-doctoral research programs . SWPU has 23 doctors degree programs , 85 masters degree programs , and one key discipline program in oil and gas engineering . At the provincial and ministerial level , it has seven laboratories and 25 research and technical centers , including a center for well-completion techniques built with the assistance of the United Nations . In addition , it has the Sino-Canadian Training Center for Natural Gas Exploration and Exploitation , built with the support of the Canadian government . At the national level , it has one key laboratory of Oil and Gas Reservoir Geology and Exploitation in which three key disciplines are pursued . Under the auspices of the Ministry of Education , SWPU owns an oil and gas equipment key laboratory , the Natural Gas Exploitation Engineering Research Center , and the Oil Field Petrochemical Engineering Research Center . At the university , two extensive libraries are available offering a collection of over two million volumes .
Students from across the nation attend SWPU . Each year , more than 5,000 first-year undergraduates enroll in addition to over 1,000 first-year master 's and doctoral degree candidates . The present enrollment of full-time students is more than 32,498 , including 8 international students , 26,490 undergraduates , 3,801 postgraduates and 715 PhD students . More than 100,000 students have graduated from SWPU since its establishment . Within the past ten years , the proportion of students successfully being employed is more than 94 percent every year .
Currently there are 2,397 academic staff and general staff , of which there are 1.664 full-time teaching staff , including 211 full-professors .
SWPU has been involved in over 6,121 scientific programs since 2001 and has obtained 783 million RMB ( renminbi ) in scientific funding , winning 95 provincial or ministerial prizes . 495 patents have been approved , 184 of which are invented patents .
SWPU has established worldwide cooperative relationships with universities and research institutions , including those in the United States , United Kingdom , Japan , France , Germany , Canada , Russia and India . One example being a 2+2 degree program with the University of Leeds , UK .
Administration
The schools and departments are organized into the following divisions :
Schools and departments
School of Oil and Natural Gas Engineering
School of Geosciences and Technology
School of Mechanical Engineering
School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering
School of Material Science and Engineering
School of Computer Science
School of Electronics and Information Engineering
School of Civil Engineering and Architecture
School of Sciences
School of Economics and Management / MBA
Educational Center
School of Law
School of Marxism
School of Foreign Languages
School of Physical Education
School of Art
School of Vocational and Technical Education
National Level Key Disciplines
Southwest Petroleum University has a number of National Key Disciplines .
Oil and Gas Exploitation Engineering
Oil and Gas Drilling Engineering
Oil and Gas Storage and Transportation Engineering
Provincial or Ministerial Level Key Disciplines
Applied Chemistry ( Both Provincial and Ministerial Level )
Mineral Survey and Exploration ( Provincial Level )
Mechanical Design and Theory ( Both Provincial and Ministerial Level )
Mechanical Manufacture and Automation ( Provincial Level )
Geodetection and Information Technology ( Provincial Level )
History
1958-1962 Sichuan Petroleum Institute run by the local government of Sichuan Province
1962-1970 Sichuan Petroleum Institute run by the Ministry of Petroleum Industry , P.R.China
1970-1978 Southwest Petroleum Institute run by the local government of Sichuan Province
1978-1988 Southwest Petroleum Institute run by the Ministry of Petroleum Industry , P.R . China
1988-1998 Southwest Petroleum Institute run by China National Petroleum Corporation , P.R.China
1998-2000 Southwest Petroleum Institute run by China National Petroleum Corporation ( Group ) , P.R.China
2000-2005 Southwest Petroleum Institute run by the local government of Sichuan Province
2005- Southwest Petroleum University run by the local government of Sichuan Province
References
External links
Southwest Petroleum University Official Website
Universities and colleges in Sichuan
Universities and colleges in Chengdu
Educational institutions established in 1958
Petroleum engineering schools
1958 establishments in China
Mann Manor is a national historic site located at 325 West Main Street , Bartow , Florida in Polk County .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 13 , 2011 .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Polk County , Florida
Buildings and structures in Bartow , Florida
Stomaž ( ) is a village in the hills north of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia . It is made up of several smaller hamlets : Brith , Dolenja Vas ( ) , Hrib , Ljubljanica , Griže , Črnigoji , Bratini , and Batagelji .
Name
Stomaž was attested in written sources in 1523 as Sannd Thomas . The Slovene name Stomaž is derived from * šent Tomaž 'Saint Thomas ' , referring to the patron saint of the local church . This was contracted to Štomaž . The name of the settlement was changed from Štomaž to Stomaž in 1987 .
History
In the past , there were seven mills along Kranjšček Creek in the village ; the last one stopped operating in 1944 . During the Second World War , Partisan forces encamped at the Hribar Mill along Kranjšček Creek . They fled an Italian raid in February 1943 . Until 1959 , when a water main was installed from Pikovca Springs east of Stomaž , the village relied on rainwater for its water supply .
Mass graves
Stomaž is the site of four known mass graves from the Second World War . The Stomaž 1–4 mass graves ( ) are all located east of the settlement . They are connected with the murder of 13 or 14 Slovene civilians in the fall of 1943 . The first grave lies in the bushes in the ravine of Vrnivec Creek , about 90 m north of the house at Štomaž no . 8 . No information is available except locals ' reports that the creek once washed a human skull out of the grave . The second grave is located about north of the house at Stomaž no . 8 . It contained the remains of 11 victims ; one is said to have been exhumed and reburied elsewhere . The third grave is located below a tree at the edge of the woods , about north of the house at Stomaž no . 9 . It contains the remains of a girl from Zalošče . The fourth grave is located below a path on the edge of the woods near the house at Stomaž no . 9 and is marked with a cross . It contains the remains of a schoolteacher from Ajdovščina or the vicinity and his wife .
Church
The parish church , from which the settlement gets its name , is dedicated to Saint Thomas and belongs to the Koper Diocese .
Recreation
Stomaž is a popular starting point for hikers heading to Mount Čaven ( 1,185 m ) . The village offers views of the Vipava Valley and Ajdovščina .
References
External links
Stomaž at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Patrick William Rucker ( 5 May 1900 – 20 May 1940 ) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer .
Rucker was born at Chislehurst in May 1900 . He was educated at Charterhouse School , before going up to Brasenose College , Oxford . While studying at Oxford , he played first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1919 . In his debut match against the Gentlemen of England at Oxford , he bowled the first delivery in first-class cricket since the 1918 Armistice and the first since the suspension of first-class cricket in 1914 . He made seven first-class appearances for Oxford in 1919 , which included playing in The University Match against Cambridge . He took 11 wickets with his left-arm medium pace bowling , at an average of 42.00 and best figures of 4 for 107 .
Rucker married Betty Fairweather at High Wycombe in 1927 . He later served in the Second World War , being commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Sussex Regiment in November 1939 . He fought during the Battle of France in May 1940 , travelling to Amiens via Abbeville and Lens , all the while the regiment was harassed by Luftwaffe dive-bombers . On 20 May , his battalion was attacked at Amiens by a motorcycle battalion of the 1st Panzer Division , during which Rucker was killed in action . He is commemorated at the Dunkirk Memorial . His brother , Robin , was killed during the First World War in service with the Royal Air Force , while another brother , Charles , also fought in the First World War and played first-class cricket .
References
External links
1900 births
1940 deaths
Military personnel from Kent
People from Chislehurst
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of University College , Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Royal Sussex Regiment officers
British Army personnel killed in World War II
Ivan Spychka ( ; born 18 January 1991 ) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Polish III liga club Concordia Elbląg .
Club career
Spychka is a product of the different Dnipropetrovsk youth sportive school systems . Then he transferred to FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia youth sportive school and became a member of the main team . He made his debut in the Ukrainian Premier League in the match against FC Volyn Lutsk on 28 November 2010 . In August 2013 he signed a contract with FC Dynamo-2 and left this club in June 2015 .
References
External links
Prifile at allplayers.in.ua
1991 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Footballers from Dnipro
Association football defenders
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
FC Metalurh-2 Zaporizhzhia players
FC Helios Kharkiv players
FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva players
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
FC Ararat Moscow players
FC Ararat Yerevan players
FC Shukura Kobuleti players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Armenian First League players
Erovnuli Liga players
III liga players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Expatriate footballers in Georgia ( country )
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Georgia ( country )
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Mazres ( ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 490 , in 126 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ranfurly is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the County of Minburn No . 27 . Previously an incorporated municipality , Ranfurly dissolved from village status on January 1 , 1946 to become part of the Municipal District of Birch Lake No . 484 .
Ranfurly is located north of Highway 16 , approximately east of Edmonton . It has an elevation of .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Ranfurly had a population of 71 living in 33 of its 35 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 56 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Ranfurly had a population of 56 living in 28 of its 34 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2011 population of 69 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
Climate
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Former villages in Alberta
County of Minburn No . 27
The Joint Interim Administrative Structure ( JIAS ) was an interim administrative body in Kosovo , established in January 2000 by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ( UNMIK ) during the period that the United Nations was directly responsible for the governance of Kosovo . The JIAS was replaced by Provisional Institutions of Self-Government ( PISG ) in March 2002 following Kosovo wide elections to the new institutions .
Structure
The JIAS was divided into the following branches :
Kosovo Transitional Council — a 35-member `` legislature style '' advisory body to represent the views of Kosovo stakeholder groups . These groups included polital parties , religious organizations , national minorities and groups representing civil society . The council had powers of scrutiny over the Kosovo administrative departments .
Interim Administrative Council — a `` cabinet-style '' body to advise the SRSG on policies relating to the other JIAS bodies . It was composed of 8 members , 4 nominated by the United Nations , 3 representatives of Kosovo Albanians and 1 representative of Kosovo Serbs and two additional observer members . The Kosovo Albanian representatives were Ibrahim Rugova , Hashim Thaci and Rexhep Qosja . The Serb member , Rada Trajković , represented the Serbian National Council for Kosovo and Metohija and only participated as an observer . The SRSG served as the non-voting chairman .
Administrative departments — 19 administrative departments were established during 2000 and each was co-headed by an Unmik co-head and a Kosovo co-head . These departments continued following the transition to the PISG .
Central Fiscal Authority — was responsible for managing the Kosovo Consolidated Budget which consisted of the budgets of the administrative departments and municipalities .
Municipal Administrative Boards — the municipalities of Kosovo were administered by Municipal Administrative Boards headed by UNMIK Municipal Administrators .
See also
United Nations Administered Kosovo
Provisional Institutions of Self-Government
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244
References
External links
Archived website of the JIAS
UNMIK/REG/2000/1
Politics of Kosovo
PA-28 may refer to :
Pennsylvania 's 28th congressional district
Pennsylvania Route 28 , a highway
Piper PA-28 Cherokee light aircraft
Carl Serrant ( born 12 September 1975 ) is an English former footballer and now Assistant Manager of Newport County .
Career
Born in Bradford , West Yorkshire , Serrant made more than 100 appearances in the Football League with Oldham Athletic , Newcastle United , Bury as well as earning a cap for England B before his professional career was cut short by injury . He later returned to play in non-league for Bradford Park Avenue , Droylsden and Farsley Celtic . Whilst at Farsley he joined the coaching staff at Leeds United .
In November 2007 he joined Crystal Palace as a fitness coach . After less than a year with Palace , Serrant moved to Sheffield United as a strength conditioning coach . In 2017 , he was appointed joint head of fitness and conditioning at Cardiff City .
On 22 February 2022 Serrant was appointed assistant manager to James Rowberry at Newport County .
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Footballers from Bradford
Association football fullbacks
English footballers
England B international footballers
Oldham Athletic A.F.C . players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Bury F.C . players
Sheffield United F.C . players
Bradford ( Park Avenue ) A.F.C . players
Droylsden F.C . players
Farsley Celtic A.F.C . players
English Football League players
Premier League players
Leeds United F.C . non-playing staff
Crystal Palace F.C . non-playing staff
Sheffield United F.C . non-playing staff
Queens Park Rangers F.C . non-playing staff
Cardiff City F.C . non-playing staff
Newport County A.F.C . non-playing staff
`` Nothing Matters '' is the debut single by Jess & Matt , the series seven third place-getters of The X Factor Australia . `` Nothing Matters '' was written by Anthony Egizii and David Musumeci of DNA Songs and Adam Argyle and would 've been the duo 's winning single . The song debuted at number 29 on the ARIA Singles Chart .
Track listing
Digital download
`` Nothing Matters '' – 3:02
Charts
Release history
References
2015 songs
2015 debut singles
Songs written by David Musumeci
Songs written by Anthony Egizii
Song recordings produced by DNA Songs
Sony Music Australia singles
Songs written by Adam Argyle
The red-headed myzomela or red-headed honeyeater ( Myzomela erythrocephala ) is a passerine bird of the honeyeater family Meliphagidae found in Australia , Indonesia , and Papua New Guinea . It was described by John Gould in 1840 . Two subspecies are recognised , with the nominate race M. e. erythrocephala distributed around the tropical coastline of Australia , and M. e. infuscata in New Guinea . Though widely distributed , the species is not abundant within this range . While the IUCN lists the Australian population of M. e. infuscata as being near threatened , as a whole the widespread range means that its conservation is of the least concern .
At , it is a small honeyeater with a short tail and relatively long down-curved bill . It is sexually dimorphic ; the male has a glossy red head and brown upperparts and paler grey-brown underparts while the female has predominantly grey-brown plumage . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests . It is very active when feeding in the tree canopy , darting from flower to flower and gleaning insects off foliage . It calls constantly as it feeds . While little has been documented on the red-headed myzomela 's breeding behaviour , it is recorded as building a small cup-shaped nest in the mangroves and laying two or three oval , white eggs with small red blotches .
Taxonomy
The red-headed myzomela was described and named as Myzomela erythrocephala by John Gould in 1840 , from specimens collected in King Sound in northern Western Australia . The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek words myzo ( to suckle ) and meli ( honey ) , and refers to the bird 's nectarivorous habits , while erythrocephala is from the Greek erythros ( red ) and -kephale ( head ) . This species was known as the red-headed honeyeater in Australia , and red-headed myzomela elsewhere , the latter name being adopted as the official name by the International Ornithological Committee ( IOC ) . Other common names are mangrove red-headed honeyeater , mangrove redhead , and blood-bird .
Two subspecies are recognised : the nominate race M. e. erythrocephala , and M. e. infuscata , which was described by William Alexander Forbes in 1879 from a specimen collected from Hall Bay in southern New Guinea . Forbes noted there was more red on the back , and the upperparts are a lighter brown . The Sumba myzomela ( Myzomela dammermani was until 2008 regarded as a subspecies of the red-headed myzomela , as was the Wetar myzomela ( M. kuehni , which is endemic to the Indonesian island of Wetar .
The red-headed myzomela is a member of the genus Myzomela which includes two other Australian species , the scarlet myzomela of eastern Australia , and the dusky myzomela of northern Australia . It belongs to the honeyeater family Meliphagidae . A 2004 genetic study of nuclear and mitochondrial DNA of honeyeaters found it to be the next closest relative to a smaller group consisting of the scarlet and cardinal myzomelas , although only five of the thirty members of the genus Myzomela were analysed . A 2017 genetic study using both mitochondrial and nuclear DNA suggests that the ancestor of the red-headed myzomela diverged from that of the black-breasted myzomela around four million years ago ; however , the relationships of many species within the genus are uncertain . Molecular analysis has shown that honeyeaters are related to the Pardalotidae ( pardalotes ) , Acanthizidae ( Australian warblers , scrubwrens , thornbills , etc . ) , and the Maluridae ( Australian fairy-wrens ) in the large superfamily Meliphagoidea . Because the red-headed myzomela occurs on many offshore islands and appears to be an effective water-crosser , it has been hypothesised that north-western Australia was the primary centre of origin for the two subspecies .
Description
The red-headed myzomela is a distinctive small honeyeater with a compact body , short tail and relatively long down-curved bill . It averages , with a wingspan of and a weight of . The birds exhibit sexual dimorphism , with males being slightly larger and much more brightly coloured than females .
The adult male of the nominate subspecies has a dark red head , neck , and rump ; the red is glossy , reflecting bright light . The rest of the upper body is a blackish-brown , and the upper breast and under-body a light brownish-grey . The red of the head is sharply demarcated against the brown plumage , giving the bird the appearance of having a red hood . The bill is black or blackish-brown , and the gape is black or yellowish . There is a distinct black loral stripe that extends to become a narrow eye ring . The iris is dark brown . The adult female 's head and neck are grey-brown with a pink-red tint to the forehead and chin . The rest of the female 's upper body is grey-brown with darker shades on the wings and lighter shades on the breast and underparts . The gape is yellow . One study suggested a connection between the female 's bill colour and breeding status , with birds that had a horn-coloured ( grey ) bill also having well-developed brood patches . Juveniles are similar to females though with an obvious pale yellow edge to the lower mandible . Initially lacking in red plumage , they begin to get red feathers on their faces after around a month of age . Males keep their juvenile plumage for up to three months , and take a similar period to come into full colour . M. e. infuscata is similar in appearance to the nominate race but has red extending from the rump onto the back , a darker grey belly , and is slightly larger overall .
The red-headed myzomela has a range of contact calls and songs that are primarily metallic or scratchy . Its song is an abrupt with a slightly softer contact call and a scolding .
The red-headed myzomela closely resembles the scarlet myzomela , though there is only a small overlap in their respective ranges , in eastern Cape York Peninsula . The latter species lives in woodlands rather than mangroves . The dusky myzomela resembles the female red-headed myzomela , but is larger and darker brown , and lacks the red markings around the bill . The Sumba myzomela is similar but slightly smaller than the red-headed myzomela and has darker upper parts and a broad black pectoral band .
Distribution and habitat
The nominate subspecies of the red-headed myzomela is distributed across the tropical coastlines of Western Australia , the Northern Territory and Queensland . It inhabits coastal areas of the Kimberley and various offshore islands in Western Australia , and is similarly distributed in the Northern Territory , including Melville Island and the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands . It is widespread around the coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Cape York Peninsula . M. e. infuscata occurs at scattered sites in West Papua and in south Papua New Guinea , from the Mimika Regency in the west to the Fly River in the east , and the Aru Islands . Some birds of Cape York have features intermediate between the two subspecies .
Although the red-headed myzomela is widely distributed , it is not abundant within its range . The largest recorded population was 5.5 birds per hectare or 2.2 per acre at Palmerston in the Northern Territory . The peak abundance of the species in the mangroves around Darwin Harbour during the mid-dry and early wet season coincided with the production of young and the flowering of the yellow mangrove ( Ceriops australis ) .
The species ' movements are poorly understood , variously described as resident , nomadic or migratory . Population numbers have been reported as fluctuating in some areas with local movements possibly related to the flowering of preferred mangrove and Melaleuca food trees , and there is some indication that the birds can travel more widely . A single bird was recaptured after being banded nearly five years earlier , from the original banding site , and the species ' occupation of a large number of offshore islands suggests that the red-headed myzomela is effective at crossing distances over water . The maximum age recorded from banding has been 7years 1.5months .
The red-headed myzomela mostly inhabits mangroves in monsoonal coastal areas , especially thickets of spotted mangrove ( Rhizophora stylosa ) , smallflower bruguiera ( Bruguiera parviflora ) and grey mangrove ( Avicennia marina ) bordering islands or in river deltas , but it often also occurs in paperbark thickets fringing the mangroves such as those of cajeput ( Melaleuca leucadendra ) . It is a mangrove specialist , an adaptation that probably occurred as northern Australia became more arid and the bird populations became dependent on mangroves as other types of forest disappeared . The mangroves provide nectar and insects as well as shelter and nesting sites , and they supply the majority of the species ' needs for most of the year . In Australia , mangrove vegetation forms a narrow discontinuous strip along thousands of kilometres of coastline , accommodating birds specialized for the habitat . Eighty Mile Beach in Western Australia has no mangroves and no fringing Melaleuca forests , reducing its potential for successful colonization by nectarivores , and it marks the southern limit of the red-headed myzomela in Western Australia .
The red-headed myzomela is occasionally found in swampy woodlands , casuarina woodlands and open forest , particularly those with Pandanus and paperbarks , as well as on coconut farms .
Behaviour
Social behaviour
While the social organisation of the red-headed myzomela is relatively unknown , it is reported as being usually solitary or found in pairs , though it has been described as forming loose associations with brown honeyeaters , and other mangrove-feeding birds such as the northern fantail and yellow white-eye . It is an inquisitive bird and readily responds to pishing , coming close to the caller to investigate the source of the sound and to warn off the intruder . It calls throughout the day when feeding , and males sing from exposed branches in the upper canopy of the food trees .
The red-headed myzomela actively defends food trees , engaging in aggressive bill-wiping both in response to a threat and after chasing intruders from a tree . It is very antagonistic even towards its own species ; the males fight by grappling in mid-air and falling close to the ground before disengaging . It constantly chases brown honeyeaters through the canopy , though it has not been observed in grappling fights with other species .
Breeding
There are few scientific reports on the breeding behaviour of the red-headed myzomela , and little detail is available on the breeding season . A study of populations in the western Kimberley reported that the birds hold territories through much of the dry season and then disperse . The nest is built in the foliage of the mangroves , suspended by a rim from a small horizontal fork about above the ground or water . The nest is small and cup-shaped , and built from small pieces of bark , leaves , plant fibre and sometimes seaweed , bound together with spider web and lined with finer material . It is , on average , in diameter and deep .
Measuring , the eggs are oval , smooth and lustreless white , with small spots or blotches of red on the larger end . The clutch size is reported to be two or three eggs . While there is no reliable information on incubation and feeding , it is believed that both parents are active in caring for the young . A field study by Jan Lewis and colleagues found that only females bore brood patches , suggesting they alone incubated eggs .
Feeding
The red-headed myzomela is arboreal , feeding at flowers and among the outer foliage in the crowns of mangroves and other flowering trees . Very active when feeding , it darts from flower to flower , probing for nectar with its long curved bill . It gleans insects from foliage and twigs , as well as sallying for flying insects . Typical invertebrates eaten include spiders and insects such as beetles , bugs , wasps , and caterpillars . The red-headed myzomela predominately feeds on mangrove species , and in north-western Australia is the major pollinator of the rib-fruited mangrove ( Bruguiera exaristata ) ; it also feeds in paperbarks and other coastal forests , and has been recorded feeding in cultivated bottlebrush and Grevillea in Darwin gardens , and silver-leaf grevillea ( Grevillea refracta ) and green birdflower ( Crotalaria cunninghamii in northwest Western Australia . The red-headed myzomela may travel some distance from roosting areas to feed on plants in flower .
Conservation status
M. erythrocephala is listed as being of the least concern by the IUCN , because the population is widespread . However , the Australian population of M. e. infuscata is listed as near threatened , since it is confined to three small islands with a combined area of about . There is no immediate threat to the red-headed myzomela , except the risk posed to low islands by rising sea levels ; however , it has been recommended that community-based ecotourism on the tropical coast be promoted , as it could lead to monitoring of sub-populations and habitat by visiting birdwatchers and local rangers .
References
Citations
Cited texts
External links
red-headed myzomela
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of New Guinea
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
red-headed myzomela
red-headed myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Smârdioasa is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Smârdioasa and Șoimu .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
William Rockne Tarkington , Jr. ( May 14 , 1932 – April 5 , 2015 ) was an American stage , film and television actor .
Career
Born in Junction City , Kansas , Tarkington began his career as a stage actor , and made the transition to television with guest appearances in episodes of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour , Kraft Suspense Theatre , The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , Ben Casey , Mission : Impossible , Bewitched , and many others . Tarkington was also the first credited black actor to appear on The Andy Griffith Show , and the only African American on the show to ever have a speaking part .
Tarkington made recurring appearances on Tarzan ( as Tao ) and starred as Elihu Morgan on Danger Island on Hanna-Barbera 's Banana Splits Adventure Hour . He also played `` Too Mean '' Malone on the 1983–84 season of Matt Houston and made appearances in episodes of Bearcats ! , MacGyver , Baretta and other shows in the 1970s and 1980s .
As a film actor , Tarkington played the title role in the blaxploitation picture Black Samson ( 1974 ) , and co-starred with Richard X. Slattery in The No Mercy Man ( 1973 ) and Zebra Force ( 1976 ) . He also appeared in films such as Soldier in the Rain ( 1963 ) , Clarence , the Cross-Eyed Lion ( 1965 ) , The Great White Hope ( 1970 ) , Beware ! The Blob ( 1972 ) , Melinda ( 1972 ) , The Baltimore Bullet ( 1980 ) , National Lampoon 's Movie Madness ( 1983 ) , The Ice Pirates ( 1984 ) , Uphill All the Way ( 1986 ) and Death Before Dishonor ( 1987 ) , and had parts in many television films .
Tarkington was the first choice to play the part of Williams in Enter the Dragon ( 1973 ) , but just before the start of filming he was replaced by Jim Kelly .
Personal life
Tarkington lived in Los Angeles for the majority of his career where he was married to fellow screen actor Joan Blackman from July 1968 to October 1970 . In the 1990s he returned home to Kansas when his mother became ill . He eventually became a Mormon after seeing a television commercial for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
Filmography
References
External links
African-American male actors
American Latter Day Saints
American male film actors
Place of death missing
American male stage actors
American male television actors
People from Junction City , Kansas
Male actors from Kansas
1931 births
2015 deaths
Converts to Mormonism
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Anas Hamadeh ( ; born March 12 , 1989 ) is a Jordanian swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events . He represented his nation Jordan at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Hamadeh was invited by FINA to compete for the Jordanian team in the men 's 50 m freestyle at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing . Swimming in heat six , he edged out Swaziland 's Luke Hall by a hundredth of a second ( 0.01 ) to round out the top three in a splash-and-dash finish with a time of 24.40 . Hamadeh , however , failed to advance into the semi-finals , as he placed fifty-ninth overall out of ninety-seven swimmers in the prelims .
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
1989 births
Jordanian male freestyle swimmers
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Jordan
Sportspeople from Amman
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Gennaro Bonafede ( born 18 September 1990 ) is a South African racing driver who currently competes in the Intercontinental GT Challenge .
Racing career
1995-2015 : Early years and local success
Bonafede began racing karts aged 5 . He achieved early success , winning the 1997 Cadet Class Championship at only 7 years old . He took a one year hiatus from racing in 1998 , but returned in 1999 to achieve a 4th place finish in the WTP South African Championship . He moved to the United Kingdom after this , competing in British karting events for the following two years . During the 2006 ROK World Karting Championships , Bonafede was the youngest competitor to take part . He was set to win the 2007 SA Karting Championship , but suffered a broken chain during the final round of the season .
2007 saw Bonafede move to saloon racing , joining the South African Volkswagen Polo Cup , achieving mild success with a podium finish and a pole position in his first season . He was also invited to partake in a round of the European Polo Cup and achieved a 9th place finish . Focusing on his matric examinations in 2008 , he had to settle for a second place finish in the Polo Cup season that year , with 4 wins and 2 pole positions . He achieved another second place finish in the 2009 championship , with 3 wins and 4 pole positions .
Bonafede joined the Bridgestone Production Car Championship in 2010 , and raced in the series until it folded in 2015 . He achieved relative success , with a third place finish in the 2012 and 2014 championships being the highlights of his stay .
2016-present : Sasol GTC and European debut
After the Production Car Championship folded in 2015 , Bonafede joined BMW for the inaugural season of the Sasol GTC Championship in 2016 . He ended the season second in the championship , 111 points behind champion Michael Stephen . The 2017 season saw Bonafede start off strongly , leading the championship for over half the season , before falling short at the final round at Zwartkops Raceway , once again to Stephen . He ended the 2018 championship in third place , crashing out in the season finale and losing second in the standings to Simon Moss .
2019 would see Bonafede move on from Sasol GTC , finally pursuing a European career . He joined Boutsen Ginion Racing for two rounds of the 2019 Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup , finishing 46th overall and 8th in the Am-class at the 24 Hours of Spa . He finished 5th in the Pro Am-class ( 32nd overall ) at the 3 Hours of Barcelona , ending the season 21st in the Pro Am-standings and 28th in the Am-standings . He also took part in two rounds of the 2019 Intercontinental GT Challenge , with the 24 Hours of Spa overlapping between the two championships . He secured a win in the Am-class at his home race at the 2019 Kyalami 9 Hours .
References
1990 births
Living people
South African racing drivers
BMW M drivers
Mucilaginibacter antarcticus is a Gram-negative , rod-shaped , anaerobic and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from soil near Antarctic Peninsula .
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter antarcticus at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
The Golden State is a nickname for the U.S. state of California .
Golden State or The Golden State may also refer to :
Music
Golden State ( band ) , indie rock band from Los Angeles
Golden State ( album ) , by Bush
`` Golden State '' by American Hi-Fi , from the 2014 album Blood & Lemonade
The Golden State ( Mia Doi Todd album ) , 2002
The Golden State ( N2Deep album ) , 1997
`` The Golden State '' by City and Colour , from the 2013 album The Hurry and the Harm ''
`` Golden State '' by Joywave , from the 2011 single `` Golden State ''
Sports
Golden State Warriors , a National Basketball Association team
Budweiser 400 , at times known as the Golden State 400 ( 1963 , 1971–1972 ) , a former annual NASCAR Winston Cup race
Transportation
Golden State ( clipper ) , an 1853 clipper ship
Golden State ( schooner ) , a 1913 American sailing ship
William F. Garms , a 1901 American sailing ship later renamed Golden State
Golden State ( train ) , a train that operated between Chicago and Los Angeles ( 1902–1968 )
California State Route 99 , parts of which are also known as the Golden State Highway and Golden State Freeway
Other uses
Golden State ( Disney California Adventure ) , former name of Grizzly Peak , part of a theme park
Golden State Baptist College , in Santa Clara , California
Golden State , a 2019 novel by Ben H. Winters
Golden State Killer , US serial killer and police officer from California
Carenum perplexum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by White in 1841 .
References
perplexum
Beetles described in 1841
J.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution founded by J. P. Morgan in 1871 . Through a series of mergers and acquisitions , the company is now a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase , one of the largest banking institutions in the world . The company is sometimes referred to as the `` House of Morgan or simply `` Morgan .
Early history
The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. ( which became Peabody , Morgan & Co. ) , a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody . Junius took control of the firm , changing its name to J.S . Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody 's retirement . Junius 's son , J. Pierpont Morgan , first apprenticed at Duncan , Sherman , and Company in New York City , then founded his own firm with a cousin , J. Pierpont Morgan & Company , in 1864 . J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange . It also acted as an agent for Peabody 's . Junius , however , considered some of Pierpont 's ventures to be highly speculative . Therefore , Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney ( a connection established when Pierpont was sent to the Azores as a child ) as a senior partner , and the firm was known first as Dabney , Morgan , and Company ( beginning in 1864 ) and then `` Drexel , Morgan & Co. '' ( in 1871 ) . In those firms , Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with the rapidly-growing U.S. industrial firms , such as railroads , which needed financial capital . The Drexel of Drexel , Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel , founder of what is now Drexel University .
House of Morgan
On Junius 's death in 1890 , Pierpont Morgan took his place at J.S . Morgan and Company . After Drexel 's death , Drexel , Morgan reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan and Company . It financed the formation of the United States Steel Corporation , which took over the business of Andrew Carnegie and others and was the world 's first billion-dollar corporation . In 1895 , it supplied the United States government with $ 62 million in gold to float a bond issue and restore the treasury surplus of $ 100 million . In 1892 , the company began to finance the New York , New Haven , and Hartford Railroad and led it through a series of acquisitions , which made it the dominant railroad transporter in New England .
Built in 1914 , 23 Wall Street was known as `` The Corner '' and `` The House of Morgan '' . At noon , on September 16 , 1920 , an anarchist bomb exploded in front of the bank , killing 38 and injuring 400 . Shortly before the bomb went off , an unknown person placed a warning note in a mailbox at the corner of Cedar Street and Broadway . The warning read : `` Remember we will not tolerate any longer . Free the political prisoners or it will be sure death for all of you . American Anarchists Fighters . '' While theories abound about who was behind the Wall Street bombing and why they did it , after twenty years of investigation the FBI rendered the file inactive in 1940 without ever finding the perpetrators .
Financing of Allied bonds during World War I
In August 1914 , Henry P. Davison , a Morgan partner , traveled to London and made a deal with the Bank of England to make J.P. Morgan & Co. the sole underwriter of war bonds for Great Britain and France . The Bank of England became a fiscal agent of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice versa . Over the course of the war , J.P. Morgan loaned about $ 1.5 billion ( approximately $ billion in today 's dollars ) to the Allies to fight against the Germans . The company also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France , thus profiting from the financing and purchasing activities of the two European governments .
During the early 1920s , J.P. Morgan & Co. was active in promoting banks in the southern hemisphere , including the Bank of Central and South America .
Glass–Steagall Act and Morgan Stanley
In 1933 , the provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act forced J.P. Morgan & Co. to separate its investment banking from its commercial banking operations . J.P. Morgan & Co. chose to operate as a commercial bank because after the stock market crash of 1929 , investment banking was in some disrepute and commercial lending was perceived to be the more profitable and prestigious business . Also , many within J.P. Morgan believed that a change in the political climate would allow the company to resume its securities businesses but that it would be nearly impossible to reconstitute the bank if it were disassembled .
In 1935 , after being barred from the securities business for over a year , the heads of J.P. Morgan made the decision to spin off its investment banking operations . Two J.P. Morgan partners , Henry S. Morgan ( son of Jack Morgan and grandson of J. Pierpont Morgan ) and Harold Stanley , founded Morgan Stanley on September 16 , 1935 , with $ 6.6 million of nonvoting preferred stock from J.P. Morgan partners . At the beginning , Morgan Stanley 's headquarters were at 2 Wall Street , just down the street from J.P. Morgan , and Morgan Stanley bankers routinely used 23 Wall Street in closing transactions .
Morgan Guaranty Trust
In the years following the spin-off of Morgan Stanley , the securities business proved robust , while the parent firm , which incorporated in 1940 , was a little sleepy . By the 1950s , J.P. Morgan was only a mid-sized bank . To bolster its position , in 1959 , J.P. Morgan merged with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York to form the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company . The two banks already had numerous relationships between them and had complementary characteristics as J.P. Morgan brought a prestigious name and high-quality clients and bankers while Guaranty Trust brought a significant amount of capital . Although Guaranty Trust was nearly four times the size of J.P. Morgan at the time of the merger in 1959 , J.P. Morgan was considered the buyer and nominal survivor and former J.P. Morgan employees were the primary managers of the merged company .
Return of J.P. Morgan & Co .
Ten years after the merger , Morgan Guaranty established a bank holding company called J.P. Morgan & Co . Incorporated , but continued to operate as Morgan Guaranty through the 1980s before beginning to migrate back to use of the J.P. Morgan brand . In 1988 , the company once again began operating exclusively as J.P. Morgan & Co .
Also in the 1980s , J.P. Morgan along with other commercial banks pushed the envelope of product offerings toward investment banking , beginning with the issuance of commercial paper . In 1989 , the Federal Reserve permitted J.P. Morgan to be the first commercial bank to underwrite a corporate debt offering . In the 1990s , J.P. Morgan moved quickly to rebuild its investment banking operations and by the late 1990s would emerge as a top-five player in securities underwriting .
JPMorgan Chase
By the late 1990s , J.P. Morgan had emerged as a large but not dominant commercial and investment banking franchise with an attractive brand name and a strong presence in debt and equity securities underwriting .
Beginning in 1998 , J.P. Morgan openly discussed the possibility of a merger , and speculation of a pairing with banks such as Goldman Sachs , Chase Manhattan Bank , Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank AG was prevalent . Chase Manhattan had emerged as one of the largest and fastest-growing commercial banks in the United States through a series of mergers over the previous decade . In 2000 , Chase , which was looking for yet another transformational merger to improve its position in investment banking , merged with J.P. Morgan to form JPMorgan Chase & Co .
The combined JPMorgan Chase would become one of the largest banks both in the United States and globally offering a full complement of investment banking , commercial banking , retail banking , asset management , private banking and private equity businesses .
In 2004 , JPMorgan began a joint venture with Cazenove , which combined Cazenove 's investment banking operations with JPMorgan 's UK investment banking business . By 2010 JPMorgan bought the company out . J.P. Morgan Cazenove is a marketing name for the U.K. investment banking businesses and EMEA cash equities and equity research businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries .
In 2005 , JPMorgan Chase acknowledged that its two predecessor banks had received ownership of thousands of slaves as collateral prior to the Civil War . The company apologized for contributing to the `` brutal and unjust institution '' of slavery . The bank paid $ 5 million in reparations in the form of a scholarship program for Black students .
J.P. Morgan , the company itself , is still active as the business and investment banking subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase ; Chase Manhattan Bank is still active as the personal banking subsidiary of the company .
List of Chairmen and CEOs of J.P. Morgan & Co .
Following J.P. Morgan & Co. 's formation in 1871 , John Pierpont `` J. P. '' Morgan was universally accepted as its highest executive authority ( despite holding the mere title of `` senior partner '' ) . Upon Morgan 's death in 1913 , the bank 's leadership passed to his son , John Pierpont `` Jack '' Morgan Jr. Once J.P. Morgan & Co. was incorporated in 1942 , Jack emerged as its first chief executive within his capacity as chairman of the board of directors . Henceforth , the bank would be led by 12 executives ( eight of whom chaired the board of directors while simultaneously holding the title of CEO ) before merging with Chase Manhattan Bank to become JPMorgan Chase .
Chairmen of the Board of Directors
J.P. Morgan Jr. ( 1942–1943 )
Thomas W. Lamont ( 1943–1948 )
Russell C. Leffingwell ( 1948–1950 )
George Whitney ( 1950–1955 )
Chairmen and CEOs
Henry C. Alexander ( 1955–1965 )
Thomas S. Gates Jr. ( 1965–1969 )
John Meyer Jr. ( 1969–1971 )
Ellmore C. Patterson ( 1971–1978 )
Walter Hines Page II ( 1978-1979 )
Lewis Thompson Preston ( 1979–1990 )
Dennis Weatherstone ( 1990–1995 )
Douglas A. Warner III ( 1995–2000 )
See also
James Hood Wright
References
Sources
Carosso , Vincent P. The Morgans : Private International Bankers , 1854–1913 . Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 1987 .
Carosso , Vincent P. Investment Banking in America : A History . Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 1970 .
Chernow , Ron . The House of Morgan : An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance , ( 2001 )
Fraser , Steve . Every Man a Speculator : A History of Wall Street in American Life . New York : HarperCollins , 2005 .
Geisst , Charles R. Wall Street : A History from Its Beginnings to the Fall of Enron . Oxford University Press . 2004. online edition
Moody , John . The Masters of Capital : A Chronicle of Wall Street . New Haven , CT : Yale University Press , 1921 .
Morris , Charles R. The Tycoons : How Andrew Carnegie , John D. Rockefeller , Jay Gould , and J. P. Morgan Invented the American Supereconomy ( 2005 )
Pak , Susie J. Gentlemen Bankers : The World of J.P. Morgan . ( Harvard University Press , 2013 ) excerpt , 1890s-1930s
Strouse , Jean . Morgan : American Financier . Random House , 1999 . 796 pp .
External links
JPMorgan Chase
History of banking
Former investment banks of the United States
American companies established in 1871
Financial services companies established in 1871
Banks established in 1871
Financial services companies disestablished in 2000
Banks disestablished in 2000
20th century in New York City
Hedge fund firms in New York City
Hedge fund firms of the United States
Investment companies based in New York City
1871 establishments in New York ( state )
2000 disestablishments in New York ( state )
Salar Mahalleh ( , also Romanized as Sālār Maḩalleh ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 476 , in 113 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Massachusetts , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Massachusetts has participated in every U.S. presidential election .
Winners of the state are in bold . The shading refers to the state winner , and not the national winner .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War .
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country . The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote . It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes ( Andrew Jackson ) did not become President , a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters , who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain .
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820 , incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed , winning all twenty-two of the electoral votes of Massachusetts , and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire . To the extent that a popular vote was held , it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President .
See also
Elections in Massachusetts
Notes
References
Danish traditional music ( Danish : spillemandsmusik ) is the music genre that has its roots in pre-modern Denmark . In this period it was common for towns to have one or more town musicians ( Danish : spillemand ) who played at dances , processions and certain rituals . In the 17th and 18th centuries , professional music performances were monopolized by town musicians , who also traveled into the neighboring rural areas to perform . Urban music and dance styles , often from other parts of Europe , penetrated the countryside and almost eradicated earlier styles . This period also saw the introduction of the fiddle as the most important instrument and the abandonment of earlier chain dances in favor of pair dances . Until around 1900 , traditional music was the common musical culture of Denmark , but with increasing urbanization and the spread of classical music it became marginalized to rural areas .
History
Through the Middle Ages and into the 19th century there are reports of `` chain dances '' , processions and ceremonial dances accompanied by pipes , drums and singing .
In the 17th and 18th centuries , throughout Denmark the practice of music was under the monopoly of the appointed city musicians ( stadsmusikant ) , who with their journeymen and apprentices were the only musicians allowed to play for a salary within an assigned territory . Since the city musician was trained in the cities , this meant that courtly repertoires made their way into the countryside , and that most areas did not maintain local musical traditions during this time . Only a few areas , such as Bornholm and Amager , never had the stadsmusikant monopoly , and a few others such as Fanø maintained a local tradition by an arrangement whereby local musicians leased the right to perform on the island from the city musician of Ribe . Since city musicians frowned on the use of instruments deemed impure such as drums , bagpipes and hurdy-gurdies , this period also saw the rise of the fiddle as the main instrument for dance music .
From around 1500 , medieval chain dances were displaced by pair dances . The oldest known pair dance in Denmark is the pols , an adapted variant of a Polish dance that was popular in Sweden as early as the 16th century . It is assumed that the pols was prevalent in the Danish countryside by the second half of the 17th century , and in the 18th century it was the most common popular dance along with the minuet . These Polish dances were usually performed in two parts : a slow march and a faster 3/4 second part . Often in the oldest hand-written tune books only the first part was written , as the fiddler improvised the second half based on the first .
From the end of the 18th century English-style contra and square dances became popular . In the 19th century the waltz became the most popular dance in the cities , after having been known in the countryside for a while . Other dance types of the early 19th century are hopsa , rheinlænder , galop , sveitrit and schottish all of which were integrated into the popular English style dances , and later developed their own local dance forms . Around 1850 the polka and mazurka entered the popular repertoire . At the end of the 19th century the earlier dance tradition began to lose its place to modern dances from England , Southern Europe and America . From the local tradition of the island of Fanø the tune types sønderhoning and fannik have made their way into the standard repertoire of Danish traditional music , and are remnants of the early tradition of Polish derived dances .
To counter the loss of traditional dances , the Association for the Promotion of Folkdancing was founded in 1901 , focusing on the preservation of popular dances from the period 1750-1850 . Many local chapters of such preservation societies appeared during the first decades of the 20th century , and in 1929 there were as many as 16,000 members . These dance associations had a homogenizing effect on the popular dances , creating a standard repertoire of Danish folk dances . They often danced in folk dress . In response to this homogenizing effect of the folkdancing guilds , informal dance organizations working to keep local dance traditions alive in informal settings were also developed , under the name of `` Old Dance '' . Certain rural areas of Denmark such as Fanø , Læsø , Ærø and parts of Western Jutland maintained living traditions of dancing from the late 18th century well into the 20th century .
Sources and history of scholarship
The earliest known Danish traditional music comes from the handwritten tune collections of musicians , such as the large collection of tunes by Rasmus Storm ( ca . 1760 ) . Collection of Danish folkmelodies began in the early 19th century , and figures such as Svend Grundtvig ( 1824–83 ) , A. P. Berggreen ( 1801-80 ) and Evald Tang Kristensen ( 1843-1929 ) published significant collections of tunes and songs . In the early 20th century with the establishment of the field of ethnology in Denmark , the collection of folk tradition including music , song , and dances began in earnest .
Citations
Bibliography
Bæk , John . 2006 . Dansk Spillemandsmusik 1660 – 1999 - med særligt henblik på spillestilen . MA thesis , University of Aarhus .
Koudal , Jens Henrik . 1997 . `` The impact of the 'Stadsmusikant ' on Folk music '' in Doris Stockmann & Jens Henrik Koudal ( eds ) . 1997 . Historical studies on folk and traditional music : ICTM Study Group on Historical Sources of Folk Music , conference report , Copenhagen , 24–28 April 1995 . Museum Tusculanum Press
Urup , Henning . 1976 . ” Dansk spillemandsmusiks forudsætninger , kilder og særlige karaktertræk ” in Musik og forskning 2 , Copenhagen
Koudal , Jens Henrik Koudal . 2000 . For borgere og bønder : stadsmusikantvæsenet i Danmark ca . 1660-1800 . Museum Tusculanum Press
See also
Swedish folk music
Evald Thomsen
Æ Tinuser
Les Lanciers
Ditlev Trappo Saugmand Bjerregaard
Frederik Iversen
Folk music by country
Burguillos del Cerro is a municipality in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain . It has a population of 3,284 and an area of 187.5 km² .
References
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Catherine C. `` Cath '' Wallace ( born 1952 ) is a New Zealand environmentalist and academic . She is a lecturer in economics and public policy at Victoria University of Wellington , and has been active in environment organizations in New Zealand . She was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1991 , for her contributions to the protection of the environment of Antarctica .
Political work and activism
Since 1987 , Wallace has been a lecturer at Victoria University in Wellington in economics and public policy focussing on the environment .
She was the chair of the Environment and Conservation Organizations of New Zealand ( ECO ) for over a decade . ECO is a non-profit network of organization with a concern for conservation and the environment . Wallace is still a board member of ECO . She was a member of the Council of IUCN , the World Conservation Union for two terms . Her main focus was on keeping environmental costs in mind in national decision making . She pushed for reforms in environmental and energy policies . As part of her activism she led a resistance movement together with other activists against business interests that were trying to curtail the Resource Management Act . This act is important for the protection of natural resources .
In her position in ECO she advocated to change the national fishery law to be changed to manage the entire ecosystem instead of just managing the fish harvest . Wallace researched the effects of New Zealand 's fishery quota management system and pressed the Ministry of Fisheries to stop violating its environmental responsibilities under the New Zealand Fisheries Act of 1996 . Wallace continues to advocate for the implementation of strong local environmental policies throughout New Zealand .
Wallace was also co-founder of the New Zealand arm of the Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition ( ASOC ) an international alliance that works for the comprehensive protection of Antarctica and repudiation of the Antarctic Minerals Convention . In association with ASOC she lobbied internationally on banning mining in antarctica . A major step in the protection of the Antarctic environment was made with the Antarctic Environmental Protocol . The protocol designates Antarctica as `` a natural reserve , devoted to peace and science '' . Also known as the Madrid protocol it established rules for the protection of the environment and banned mining .
In 2008 , she collaborated on the book SEAFOOD Ecolabelling Principles and Practice .
References
Living people
1952 births
Victoria University of Wellington faculty
New Zealand environmentalists
New Zealand women environmentalists
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
Big Chicks is a gay bar and neighborhood restaurant that opened in 1986 in Uptown , Chicago . It serves a diverse group of LGBT people , straight people and people in the kink community . The owner of the establishment is Michelle Fire . The restaurant next door , Tweet , is also owned by Fire and provides food to Big Chicks .
Overview
Big Chicks is owned by Michelle Fire and located in Uptown , Chicago . The name of the bar was inspired by an experience Fire had on a trip to India , where she was referred to as `` Big Chick , '' by men in Bandra . Big Chicks opened on December 11 , 1986 . Prior to Fire purchasing the bar , it had been a veteran 's bar and when Fire took over , she inherited the clients , their dogs and the original bartenders . Big Chicks has been open every day since first opening as of 2016 . Over time , the bar has become an `` informal gay community center '' in Uptown . Fire welcomed everyone in the LGBT community , straight people and people in various kink communities . The bar also is known for its art , including works by Diane Arbus , Manuel Alvarez Bravo , Leon Golub , Tony Fitzpatrick , Lee Godie and Hollis Sigler . Fire also owns Tweet , the restaurant next door , and food from there can be ordered in the bar .
In 2016 , the bar was inducted into the Chicago LGBT Hall of Fame .
References
External links
Official site
1986 establishments in Illinois
LGBT culture in Chicago
LGBT drinking establishments in the United States
Restaurants in Chicago
Thierstein is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Wunsiedel ( district )
The Isabela Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Isabela .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into six districts , each having two seats . A voter votes up to two names , with the top two candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Isabela , with the exception that Santiago , an independent component city , is excluded in the fourth district .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) . Isabela 's provincial board also has reserved seats for the sectoral representatives for women , labor , and indigenous people .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Faustino Dy III ( PDP–Laban )
References
Politics of Isabela ( province )
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Lt Gen Ben Raubenheimer is a retired South African Army officer who served as Chief of Staff Finance for the South African Defence Force from 1993 and South African National Defence Force in 1994 before his retirement in 1999 .
Army career
He was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1993 .
Awards and decorations
References
South African generals
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Speed skating at the 1998 Winter Olympics , was held from 8 to 20 February . Ten events were contested at M-Wave .
Medal summary
Medal table
The Netherlands dominated the Nagano speed skating events , winning five gold medals and eleven medals overall , their highest total in any Winter games , as of 2010 . Bart Veldkamp 's bronze medal was the first in speed skating for Belgium , and the first at the Winter Games for the country in 50 years . Lyudmila Prokasheva 's bronze medal for Kazakhstan was that country 's first in the sport as well , and Prokasheva became the first woman from Kazakhstan to earn an Olympic medal .
Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer led the individual medal tables , with two gold each .
Men 's events
Women 's events
Records
Five world records and twelve Olympic records were set in Nagano .
Participating NOCs
Twenty-five nations competed in the speed skating events at Nagano . New Zealand and Portugal made their Olympic speed skating debuts .
References
1998 in speed skating
Olympics , 1998
1998 Winter Olympics events
The 2011 NBA Finals was the championship series of the National Basketball Association 's ( NBA ) 2010–11 season . The Western Conference champion Dallas Mavericks defeated the Eastern Conference champion Miami Heat in six games to win their first NBA championship . The series was held from May 31 to June 12 , 2011 . Mavericks forward and German player Dirk Nowitzki was named the Finals MVP , becoming the second European to win the award after Tony Parker ( 2007 ) and the first German player to do so . The series was a rematch of the 2006 NBA Finals , which the Heat had won in six games to win their first NBA championship .
Going into the series , the Heat were heavy favorites with their newly acquired superstars LeBron James and Chris Bosh along with returning superstar Dwyane Wade .
The Dallas Mavericks became the first team in NBA history since the implementation of the 2–3–2 format to enter Game 3 tied at one , lose Game 3 and still win the Finals . The previous 11 times this occurred , the Game 3 winner went on to win the series . The Mavericks ended the 1988 hiatus and placed seventh in a `` come back win '' of the Finals after being down two or more separate times ( one game to none , and later two games to one ) . In the previous six occurrences , the Finals ended in seven games ; Dallas inaugurated and maintains the `` in six games '' achievement ; this instance would later be repeated in 2022 when the Golden State Warriors defeated the Boston Celtics .
This was a rematch from five years earlier when both teams met in the 2006 NBA Finals .
Background
Both the Mavericks and Heat made their second appearance in the NBA Finals , the first for both teams being the 2006 NBA Finals . These Finals marked a rematch of those 2006 Finals , won by Miami in six games , after the Mavericks were up 2–0 .
It was also the first time since 2006 that neither the Los Angeles Lakers nor the San Antonio Spurs represented the Western Conference in the Finals and only the second time since , and also the thirteenth consecutive NBA Finals to feature a Western Conference champion from either the states of California or Texas .
This was the first finals since 1998 not to feature Kobe Bryant ( 2000–2002 , 2004 , 2008–2010 ) , Shaquille O'Neal ( 2000–2002 , 2004 , 2006 ) or Tim Duncan ( 1999 , 2003 , 2005 , 2007 ) .
The Mavericks ' appearance also meant that three of North America 's four major professional sports championships were played in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex in a span of eight months , with the 2010 World Series and Super Bowl XLV both occurring in nearby Arlington .
The Heat had home-court advantage by virtue of a better regular-season record than the Mavericks . This was only the second time that the Eastern Conference had home-court advantage during the Finals since the end of the Michael Jordan era in 1998 . It also marks the first time since 1995 that the Eastern Conference team lost in the Finals despite having home-court advantage .
The 2011 series marked the first time a Finals match ( Game 1 ) was played in the month of May since .
Among the players from both teams , only Dirk Nowitzki and Jason Terry of Dallas , and Dwyane Wade and Udonis Haslem of Miami , appeared in the 2006 series with the same team . Heat center Erick Dampier played for the Mavericks in 2006 . Aside from Dampier , Caron Butler , Juwan Howard , and Shawn Marion are the only other players who have played for both the Mavericks and Heat . Eddie House , Žydrūnas Ilgauskas , LeBron James ( James would reach the finals every year from 2011 to 2018 , with both the Heat and the Cavaliers ) , and Jason Kidd have appeared in the Finals with different teams , with House ( as a member of Boston 's 2008 championship team ) , Wade and Haslem winning a championship ring . Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle won a championship as a reserve for Boston 's 1986 championship team making him only the eleventh person in NBA history to win a final as both a player and a coach .
Road to the Finals
Regular-season series
The Dallas Mavericks won both games in the regular season .
Series summary
Game summaries
All times are in Eastern Daylight Time ( UTC−4 ) .
Game 1
Game 1 was the first NBA Finals game to be held in the month of May since 1986 . The Heat made only 28.6 percent of their shots during the first quarter , and this low scoring percentage early on left the Mavs with an 8-point lead early into the 3rd quarter . The Heat changed course from this point on , outscoring the Mavs 22–10 and taking a 65–61 lead going into the 4th quarter . Mavs power forward Dirk Nowitzki injured his finger within the last four minutes of the game , but remained in play , wearing a splint to support the torn tendon . Despite having a below-average performance early in the game , Heat shooting guard Dwyane Wade and small forward LeBron James collaborated on both defensive and offensive ends of the court in the fourth quarter , leading the Heat to win Game 1 over the Mavs 92–84 .
Game 2
The Mavs ' 15-point comeback was the biggest in an NBA Finals game since the 24-point comeback the Celtics made against the Lakers in Game 4 of the 2008 NBA Finals . Dirk Nowitzki hit a 3 with 26.7 seconds left to give the Mavericks a 93–90 lead . However , Mario Chalmers tied it with a 3 of his own with 24.5 seconds left when Jason Terry left him wide open . After Jason Kidd ran the clock down , Nowitzki then made a driving layup with his injured left hand with 3.6 seconds left . The Heat had no timeouts left , and Dwyane Wade 's potential game-winning 3 hit the back rim at the buzzer as he fell to the ground in an attempt to draw a foul on Nowitzki . The Mavs ' win broke the Heat 's 9-game home winning streak in the playoffs , costing them a chance to tie the 1996 Bulls ' mark of 10 straight . This was the second straight Finals with a 1–1 split after two games , after five straight years with one team leading 2–0 ( 2005–09 ) .
Game 3
The Heat led most of the game , but the Mavericks fought back from a 14-point deficit . With 39.6 seconds left in the 4th , LeBron James found Chris Bosh for a 20-foot baseline jumper ; Dirk Nowitzki had a chance to force OT , but missed a well-defended fadeaway jumper at the buzzer as the Heat handed Dallas another defeat to go up 2–1 in the series . It was Miami 's sixth win in its last seven NBA Finals games , four by 3 points or fewer .
Game 4
Game 4 was a back-and-forth affair , with 12 lead changes and 15 ties . Miami went up 74–65 early in the fourth quarter on a baseline jumpshot by Udonis Haslem , tallying their largest lead of the game . After a timeout , Dallas answered with 4 straight points by Jason Terry , similar to the 6 straight he scored with Dallas down 15 halfway through the fourth quarter of Game 2 . Dallas would take their first lead of the fourth quarter with 5:15 left on a fastbreak layup by Terry . They held the lead for the rest of the game , although Miami cut the lead to 1 twice in the final minute . Up 82–81 with 20 seconds left after Dwyane Wade missed 1 of 2 free throws , Dirk Nowitzki hit a driving layup with 14.4 seconds left to extend the lead to 3 . After a dunk by Wade with 9 seconds left , 2 free throws by Terry pushed the lead back up to 3 . With a chance to tie the game with a 3 , Wade fumbled the inbounds pass with 6.7 seconds left , only to make a diving save to prevent a backcourt violation . The ball landed in Mike Miller 's hands , whose desperation 3 airballed at the buzzer , preserving Dallas ' 86–83 win . LeBron James scored just eight total points in Game 4 on 3-11 shooting including going 0-6 from the field when guarded by Jason Kidd or Jason Terry .
Game 5
After four low-scoring games , Game 5 saw the first time either team would break 100 points in this series . Dallas connected 13 times out of their 19 tries from three-point range . Jason Terry , Jason Kidd , and J. J. Barea combined to make 10 of those 13 made threes . Late in the first quarter , Dwyane Wade ran into Brian Cardinal and had to go to the locker room with a hip injury ; he eventually returned and hit a 3 to cap a 9–0 run that put Miami in front 99–95 with less than 5 minutes left in the game . Unhappy with Terry for missing a defensive assignment and setting a poor cross-screen , Mavs coach Rick Carlisle pulled Terry from the game , telling him , `` Refocus . I 'm putting you right back in . '' After less than a minute , Carlisle subbed in Terry and made the crucial decision to run the offense through him for the rest of the game . This move ignited Dallas ' offense , leading them on a game-winning 15–3 run in which Terry scored or assisted on 11 points . With Miami leading 100–97 , Terry passed to Dirk Nowitzki , who drew a double team and then kicked it back out to Terry for a game-tying 3 . Nowitzki then drove baseline on Chris Bosh for a two-handed dunk ( assisted by Terry ) with 2:44 left in the game to give the Mavs a 102–100 lead they would not relinquish . After LeBron James was called for an offensive foul ( Tyson Chandler drew the charge ) , Terry found Kidd for another wide-open 3 that gave the Mavs a 105–100 lead with 1:26 left . After Chandler blocked Wade with 1:04 left , Bosh made 1 of 2 free throws to cut the Mavs ' lead to 105–101 . On the Mavs ' next possession , Terry knocked down a 28-foot three-pointer with James closely guarding him to give the Mavs an insurmountable 108–101 lead with 33.3 seconds left . The Mavericks won 112–103 and grabbed a 3–2 series lead going back to Miami .
Game 6
LeBron James made his first four shots to contribute to the Heat taking a 20–11 lead . The Mavericks went to a zone defense that perplexed Miami and Dallas went on a 21–4 run in a span of 5½ minutes . They made 9 of 12 shots during this stretch with DeShawn Stevenson making three-pointers in a 24-second duration to give Dallas a 40–28 lead with 9:42 left in the first half . Dallas turned Miami 's first six turnovers into 14 points . The Heat then went on a 14–0 run to take a 42–40 lead . With 6:25 left in the half , Stevenson along with Udonis Haslem and Mario Chalmers received technical fouls after a scuffle occurred at midcourt during a timeout . In the second half , James did not score until making a layup with 1:49 remaining in the third . The Mavericks led by nine going into the 4th quarter after Ian Mahinmi hit a buzzer beater to give Dallas an 81–72 lead . The Mavericks took a 12-point lead with 8:12 remaining . With 2:27 left , Nowitzki made a jump shot to help build the Mavericks ' lead to 99–89 . The Mavericks , who led for the final 22 minutes in the game , won their first championship in franchise history .
Nowitzki was named Finals MVP . He had a poor shooting performance in the first half but managed to score 18 points in the second half . When the final buzzer sounded , an emotional Nowitzki went straight to the locker room in tears , although he re-emerged for the trophy presentation .
Rosters
Dallas Mavericks
Miami Heat
Player statistics
Dallas Mavericks
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 3 || 21.4 || .382 || .333 || .714 || 2.2 || 3.2 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 8.8
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 5 || 0 || 6.1 || .667 || .667 || .500 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 1.4
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 37.3 || .594 || .000 || .625 || 8.8 || 0.7 || 1.2 || 1.2 || 9.7
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 3 || 0 || 8.5 || .333 || .000 || .500 || 2.3 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 1.0 || 1.7
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 37.4 || .389 || .429 || .750 || 4.5 || 6.3 || 1.2 || 0.8 || 7.7
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 3 || 0 || 9.0 || .600 || .000 || .600 || 1.7 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 3.0
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 35.8 || .479 || .000 || .824 || 6.3 || 2.3 || 0.8 || 0.7 || 13.7
|- ! style= '' background : # FDE910 ; ''
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 40.4 || .416 || .368 || .978 || 9.7 || 2.0 || 0.7 || 0.7 || 26.0
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 3 || 17.2 || .542 || .565 || .750 || 1.5 || 0.3 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 7.0
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 4 || 0 || 6.4 || .200 || .000 || .000 || 0.8 || 0.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 0.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 0 || 32.6 || .494 || .393 || .750 || 2.0 || 3.2 || 1.3 || 0.0 || 18.0
Miami Heat
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 20.6 || .286 || .000 || .000 || 3.5 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 1.2 || 1.3
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 5 || 5 || 17.4 || .350 || .294 || .000 || 1.4 || 1.0 || 1.4 || 0.2 || 3.8
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 39.4 || .413 || .000 || .778 || 7.3 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 0.5 || 18.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 1 || 28.9 || .426 || .400 || .739 || 2.7 || 3.5 || 1.7 || 0.0 || 11.8
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 0 || 29.4 || .450 || .000 || .800 || 5.2 || 0.7 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 6.7
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 2 || 0 || 12.3 || .333 || .375 || .000 || 2.0 || 0.5 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 4.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 5 || 0 || 5.9 || .600 || .000 || .500 || 1.2 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 1.8
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 43.6 || .478 || .321 || .600 || 7.2 || 6.8 || 1.7 || 0.5 || 17.8
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 0 || 15.6 || .304 || .389 || .000 || 2.8 || 0.8 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 3.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | || 6 || 6 || 39.0 || .546 || .304 || .694 || 7.0 || 5.2 || 1.5 || 1.5 || 26.5
Broadcast notes
The Finals were originally projected to begin on Thursday , June 9 , but ( along with the entire NBA schedule ) were pushed up ahead one week to Thursday , June 2 due to negotiations on an impending league-wide lockout at the end of the season . They were again pushed ahead to a start date of May 31 as both conference finals series ended in five games .
The Finals were televised in the United States through ABC , with Mike Breen , Jeff Van Gundy , and Mark Jackson as announcers . Doris Burke was the sideline reporter , while Stuart Scott hosted the championship presentation . Scott also hosted the pre-game and halftime shows along with Jon Barry , Michael Wilbon , and Magic Johnson . ESPN Radio aired the Finals nationally on radio , with Mike Tirico , Hubie Brown , and Jack Ramsay announcing .
References
External links
Official website of the 2011 NBA Finals
2011 NBA Finals at ESPN
2011 NBA Finals at Basketball-Reference.com
National Basketball Association Finals
Finals
NBA
NBA
N
N
2010s in Dallas
2011 in Texas
N
May 2011 sports events in the United States
June 2011 sports events in the United States
Sports competitions in Dallas
Sports competitions in Miami
ABS-CBN television specials
A long pause may refer to :
A long rest in music .
A period of 1,000 years in Polynesian history in which no ocean voyaging took place .
Pandemis cinnamomeana is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found from Europe ( except in the south ) to Russia , China ( Heilongjiang , Jilin , Shanxi , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Jiangxi , Hubei , Hunan , Yunnan ) , Korea and Japan .
The wingspan is 18–24 mm . Adults are on wing from the end of June to July in western Europe . In Korea , adults are on wing from mid-May to mid-September . They hide during the day , usually among the foliage of large trees but sometimes showing a preference for tall bracken .
The larvae feed on the foliage of Abies alba , Acer , Betula , Larix , Malus pumila , Picea sitchensis , Prunus , Pyrus , Quercus , Salix , Sorbus aucuparia , Sorbus commixta , Ulmus davidiana and Vaccinium . It has also been recorded from Camellia . They live amongst spun leaves . Young larvae hibernate , development continues in May and June . Pupation occurs in June and July , in the larval habitation .
The larvae have been recorded attacking tea plantations , as well as forest and ornamental crops , but it is of minor economic importance .
References
Pandemis
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Stictea infensa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is known from Australia , including Queensland and New South Wales . It is also found in New Zealand .
The wingspan is about 19 mm .
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species .
References
Olethreutini
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1911
Wan Mohamed bin Wan Teh was the 7th Menteri Besar of Perak from 1 October 1977 to 1 March 1983 . He was also the Member of Perak State Legislative Assembly for Grik from 1969 to 1974 , Temengor from 1974 to 1978 and Kenering from 1978 to 1983 .
Personal life
Wan Mohammed was born to Haji Wan Teh and Hajah Kalsom in 1929 at Kampung Ulu Kenderong , Gerik , Perak . His brother Wan Hashim Wan Teh was the Member of Parliament for Gerik from 2004 to 2008
Politics
When Wan Mohammed was 17 years old , he had joined some assemblies of Malayan Union in Kuala Kangsar . He joined UMNO in 1951 and joined the Kuala Kangsar branch . Wan Mohammed was chosen as the candidate to participate in the 1969 Malaysian general election for the Grik state seat . He won the seat and was unopposed in the 1974 Malaysian general election . He was chosen as an EXCO after that .
In 1977 , Ghazali Jawi resigned from the post of Menteri Besar of Perak on the advice of Hussein Onn , President of Barisan Nasional and Prime Minister of Malaysia . Wan Mohamed was subsequently appointed as the Menteri Besar of Perak to replace Ghazali Jawi . His first mission was to fix the relationship between UMNO and the royal family , if not many problems can not be solved as the Sultan has controls over Islamic issues and the land in Perak .
There are a few people from Orang-Orang Besar Perak had influenced Sultan Idris Shah that Wan Mohammed was a descent of Pattani . Not long after that , he was forced to quit as the Menteri Besar of Perak .
Health
Wan Mohammed died of lung cancer on 25 August 1993 in his own house .
References
Malaysian politicians
Malaysian Muslims
People from Perak
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Malay descent
1929 births
1993 deaths
Doris Helen Kearns Goodwin ( born January 4 , 1943 ) is an American biographer , historian , former sports journalist , and political commentator . She has written biographies of several U.S. presidents , including Lyndon Johnson and the American Dream ; The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys : An American Saga ; Team of Rivals : The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln ; and The Bully Pulpit : Theodore Roosevelt , William Howard Taft , and the Golden Age of Journalism . Goodwin 's book No Ordinary Time : Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt : The Home Front in World War II won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1995 . Goodwin also produced the American television miniseries Washington .
Early life and education
Doris Helen Kearns was born in Brooklyn , New York , the daughter of Helen Witt ( née Miller ) and Michael Francis Aloysius Kearns . She has a sister , Jene Kearns . She was raised Catholic . Her paternal grandparents were Irish immigrants . She grew up in Rockville Centre , New York , where she graduated from South Side High School . She attended Colby College in Maine , where she was a member of Delta Delta Delta and Phi Beta Kappa , and graduated magna cum laude in 1964 with a Bachelor of Arts degree . She was awarded a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship in 1964 to pursue doctoral studies . In 1968 , she earned a PhD in government from Harvard University , with a thesis titled `` Prayer and Reapportionment : An Analysis of the Relationship between the Congress and the Court . ''
Career and awards
In 1967 , Kearns went to Washington , D.C. as a White House Fellow during the Lyndon B. Johnson administration . Johnson initially expressed interest in hiring the young intern as his Oval Office assistant , but after an article by Kearns appeared in The New Republic laying out a scenario for Johnson 's removal from office over his conduct of the war in Vietnam , she was instead assigned to the Department of Labor ; Goodwin has written that she felt relieved to be able to remain in the internship program in any capacity at all . `` The president discovered that I had been actively involved in the anti-Vietnam War movement and had written an article entitled , 'How to Dump Lyndon Johnson ' . I thought for sure he would kick me out of the program , but instead , he said , 'Oh , bring her down here for a year and if I ca n't win her over , no one can ' . '' After Johnson decided not to run for reelection , he brought Kearns to the White House as a member of his staff , where she focused on domestic anti-poverty efforts .
After Johnson left office in 1969 , Kearns taught government at Harvard for 10 years , including a course on the American presidency . During this period , she also assisted Johnson in drafting his memoirs . Her first book Lyndon Johnson and the American Dream , which drew upon her conversations with the late president , was published in 1977 , becoming a New York Times bestseller and provided a launching pad for her literary career .
A sports journalist as well , Goodwin was the first woman to enter the Boston Red Sox locker room in 1979 . She consulted on and appeared in Ken Burns ' 1994 documentary Baseball .
Goodwin won the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for History for No Ordinary Time : Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt : The Home Front During World War II ( 1994 ) .
In 1996 , Goodwin received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement .
Goodwin received an honorary L.H.D . from Bates College in 1998 . She was awarded an honorary doctorate from Westfield State College in 2008 .
Goodwin was on air talking to Tom Brokaw of NBC News during their 2000 Presidential Election Night Coverage when Brokaw announced NBC 's projection that the state of Florida had voted for George W. Bush thus making him president .
Goodwin won the 2005 Lincoln Prize ( for the best book about the American Civil War ) for Team of Rivals : The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln ( 2005 ) , a book about Abraham Lincoln 's presidential cabinet . Part of the book was adapted by Tony Kushner into the screenplay for Steven Spielberg 's 2012 film Lincoln . She was a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission advisory board . The book also won the inaugural American History Book Prize given by the New-York Historical Society .
Goodwin was a member of the board of directors of Northwest Airlines .
Goodwin is a frequent guest commentator on Meet the Press , having appeared many times during the tenures of hosts Tim Russert , Tom Brokaw , David Gregory , and Chuck Todd . She was also a regular guest on Charlie Rose , appearing a total of forty-eight times beginning in 1994 .
Stephen King met with Goodwin while he was writing his novel 11/22/63 , since she had been an assistant to Johnson . King used some of her ideas in the novel on what a worst-case scenario would be like if history had changed .
In 2014 , Kearns won the Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Nonfiction for The Bully Pulpit . It was also a Los Angeles Times Book Prize finalist ( History , 2013 ) and was named one of the Christian Science Monitor '' 's 15 best nonfiction books in 2013 .
In 2016 , she appeared as herself in the fifth episode of American Horror Story : Roanoke , and made a cameo appearance playing herself as a teacher in the Simpsons episode `` The Town '' .
Plagiarism controversies
In 2002 , The Weekly Standard determined that Goodwin 's book The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys used without attribution numerous phrases and sentences from three other books : Times to Remember by Rose Kennedy ; The Lost Prince by Hank Searls ; and Kathleen Kennedy : Her Life and Times by Lynne McTaggart . McTaggart remarked , `` If somebody takes a third of somebody 's book , which is what happened to me , they are lifting out the heart and guts of somebody else 's individual expression . '' Goodwin had previously reached a `` private settlement '' with McTaggart over the issue . In an article she wrote for Time magazine , she said , `` Though my footnotes repeatedly cited Ms. McTaggart 's work , I failed to provide quotation marks for phrases that I had taken verbatim ... The larger question for those of us who write history is to understand how citation mistakes can happen . '' In its analysis of the controversy , Slate magazine criticized Goodwin for the aggrieved tone of her explanation , and suggested Goodwin 's worst offense was allowing the plagiarism to remain in future editions of the book even after it was brought to her attention .
The plagiarism controversy caused Goodwin to resign from the Pulitzer Prize Board and to relinquish her position as a regular guest on the PBS NewsHour program .
The Los Angeles Times also reported on a passage in No Ordinary Time which appeared to use highly similar language and phrasing to one in Joseph P. Lash 's 1971 book Eleanor & Franklin ; Goodwin includes a citation for Lash in the bibliography , though the article questions if this is sufficient for the use of similar `` framing language '' between the two texts . In response , Goodwin said that she had met `` the highest standards of historical scholarship '' for the passage in question .
Personal life
Growing up on Long Island , Goodwin was a fan of the Brooklyn Dodgers . She remembered that her father would have her document the events of a baseball game from the radio , and `` replay '' the events for him when he returned home . Goodwin stopped following baseball after the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles in 1958 , but later became a Boston Red Sox fan while attending Harvard , and is now a season ticket holder .
In 1975 , Kearns married Richard N. Goodwin , who had worked in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations as an adviser and speechwriter . The two met in mid-1972 at Harvard 's Institute of Politics . Richard Goodwin was a widower who had a son , also named Richard , from his first marriage . At the time he and Kearns married , his son was nine years old . The couple , who lived in Concord , Massachusetts , had two sons together , Michael and Joseph . Richard Goodwin died on May 20 , 2018 , after a brief battle with cancer .
Bibliography
References
External links
Doris Kearns Goodwin discusses Team of Rivals : The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln at the Pritzker Military Museum & Library
Interview with Doris Kearns Goodwin , A DISCUSSION WITH National Authors on Tour '' TV Series , Episode # 116 ( 1994 )
1943 births
20th-century American biographers
American women biographers
20th-century American educators
20th-century American historians
20th-century American journalists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American biographers
21st-century American educators
21st-century American historians
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American women writers
American corporate directors
American memoirists
American people of Irish descent
American women political scientists
American political scientists
American political writers
American women historians
American women journalists
Colby College alumni
Educators from Massachusetts
Educators from New York ( state )
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
Historians of Abraham Lincoln
Historians of the United States
Journalists from New York City
Journalists from Washington , D.C .
Living people
Lyndon B. Johnson administration personnel
Military writers
Miller Center Affiliates
National Humanities Medal recipients
Northwest Airlines
People from Concord , Massachusetts
People from Rockville Centre , New York
People involved in plagiarism controversies
Political science educators
Pulitzer Prize for History winners
South Side High School ( Rockville Centre ) alumni
Lincoln Prize winners
American women memoirists
Women military writers
Writers from Brooklyn
Writers from Massachusetts
Writers from Washington , D.C .
20th-century American women educators
21st-century American women educators
Telephone numbers in Yugoslavia ( , , , ) consisted of a 3-digit area code followed by 6 digits . In Serbia , they mainly began with 1 , 2 or 3 , in Croatia 4 or 5 , in Slovenia 6 , Bosnia & Herzegovina 7 , in Montenegro 8 and in Macedonia 9 .
On 1 October 1993 , the +38 code was broken up and the first digit of each area code integrated into each country 's new country code ( for example , Macedonia 's ( now North Macedonia ) country code became +389 ) . The numbers were also changed in some countries . For example , the Skopje 's call prefix ( 091 ) 12 3456 became ( 02 ) 12 3456 , then ( 02 ) 312 3456 .
Serbia and Montenegro , however , shared the +381 code until 2006 , when Montenegro was given the +382 code by its independence . The +388 code was not used by Montenegro , but for the European Telephony Numbering Space . The +380 code was assigned to Ukraine . After negotiations , in 2015 the +383 code was assigned to Kosovo , which until then had used Serbian , Monegasque ( +377 ) and Slovenian telephone networks . The +384 code remains unassigned .
Exchange codes could not begin 0 or 9 due to the trunk prefix and emergency numbers , respectively . Since most of the new systems have changed their emergency number to the European standard of 112 and changed their international exit codes to 00 , nowadays exchange codes can not begin 0 or 1 .
Area codes
SR Bosnia and Herzegovina
70 - Jajce
71 - Sarajevo
72 - Zenica
73 - Goražde
74 - Doboj
75 - Tuzla
76 - Brčko
77 - Bihać
78 - Banja Luka
79 - Prijedor
80 - Livno
88 - Mostar
89 - Trebinje
SR Croatia
40 - Čakovec
41 - Zagreb
42 - Varaždin
43 - Bjelovar
44 - Sisak
47 - Karlovac
48 - Koprivnica
49 - Krapina
50 - Dubrovnik
51 - Rijeka
52 - Pula
53 - Gospić
54 - Osijek
55 - Slavonski Brod
56 - Vinkovci
560 - Našice
57 - Zadar
58 - Split
59 - Šibenik
SR Macedonia
901 - Kumanovo , Kratovo , Kriva Palanka
902 - Radoviš , Strumica , Valandovo
903 - Kočani
904 - Strumica
91 - Skopje
92 - Probištip , Štip , Sveti Nikole
93 - Gevgelija , Titov Veles
94 - Gostivar
95 - Kičevo
96 - Struga , Resen , Ohrid , Debar
97 - Demir Hisar , Bitola
98 - Prilep
SR Montenegro
81 - Titograd , Danilovgrad , Kolašin
82 - Kotor , Tivat
83 - Nikšić , Plužine , Šavnik
84 - Bijelo Polje , Mojkovac
85 - Bar , Ulcinj
86 - Budva , Cetinje
871 - Andrijevica , Ivangrad , Plav , Rožaje
872 - Pljevlja , Žabljak
88 - Herceg Novi
SR Serbia
10 - Pirot
11 - Belgrade
12 - Požarevac
14 - Valjevo
15 - Šabac
16 - Leskovac
17 - Vranje
18 - Niš
19 - Zaječar
20 - Novi Pazar
26 - Smederevo
27 - Prokuplje
30 - Bor
31 - Titovo Užice
32 - Čačak
33 - Prijepolje
34 - Kragujevac
35 - Jagodina
36 - Kraljevo
37 - Kruševac
SAP Vojvodina
13 - Vršac
21 - Novi Sad
22 - Sremska Mitrovica
23 - Zrenjanin
230 - Kikinda
24 - Subotica
25 - Sombor
SAP Kosovo
28 - Titova Mitrovica , Leposavić , Vučitrn , Srbica , Zvečan , Zubin Potok , North Mitrovica
280 - Gnjilane , Vitina , Kosovska Kamenica , Parteš , Ranilug , Klokot
29 - Prizren , Suva Reka , Dragaš , Mamuša , Mališevo
290 - Uroševac , Đeneral Janković , Kačanik , Štrpce , Štimlje
38 - Priština , Glogovac , Gračanica , Kosovo Polje , Lipljan , Novo Brdo , Obilić , Podujevo
39 - Peć , Istok , Klina
390 - Đakovica , Dečani , Junik , Orahovac
SR Slovenia
61 - Ljubljana
601 - Trbovlje
62 - Maribor
602 - Ravne na Koroškem
63 - Celje
64 - Gorenjska ( Kranj )
65 - Nova Gorica
66 - Koper
67 - Postojna
68 - Novo Mesto
608 - Krško
69 - Prekmurje ( Murska Sobota )
Emergency numbers
92 - police
93 - fire
94 - ambulance
985 - civil protection
987 - AMSJ
99 - international exit code
References
Yugoslavia
Terry James Lee ( born March 13 , 1962 ) is an American former Major League Baseball ( MLB ) first baseman . He played during two seasons for the Cincinnati Reds . He was signed by the Reds as an amateur free agent in . Lee played his first professional season with their Class A ( Short Season ) Eugene Emeralds in , and his last season with the Triple-A affiliates of the Cleveland Indians ( Colorado Springs Sky Sox ) and Minnesota Twins ( Portland Beavers ) in .
Attended and graduated from Winston Churchill High School ( Eugene , Oregon ) in 1980 . Lee played basketball at Boise State University from 1982-83 .
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Cincinnati Reds players
Nashville Sounds players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Baseball players from San Francisco
Vermont Reds players
Winnipeg Goldeyes players
Chemeketa Storm baseball players
Boise State Broncos baseball players
Miguel Fallardo ( born 24 June 1986 , Portugal ) is a Portuguese footballer .
External links
Profile at football-lineups.com
1987 births
Living people
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
FC Gloria Buzău players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Edward H. Sargent is a Canadian scientist , who serves as University Professor of Electrical & Computer Engineering and Vice-President of Research and Innovation , and Strategic Initiatives at the University of Toronto . He also is the Canada Research Chair in Nanotechnology . He will join the Departments of Chemistry and of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Northwestern University , and will be affiliated with the International Institute for Nanotechnology at Northwestern .
Sargent has made contributions in the use of colloidal quantum dots and perovskite materials for optoelectronic devices , including photovoltaic cells , photodetectors , and light emitting materials . Sargent has also published in the area of electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide .
Sargent has been honored with multiple awards for his research , including a Killam Prize for Engineering in 2020 , the NSERC Brockhouse Award in Interdisciplinary Research and Engineering with Shana Kelley in 2016 , and the Steacie Prize in 2012 . He is a fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering , Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
Education
Sargent spent several summers in the early 1990s working on quantum well lasers at Nortel . He studied Engineering Physics at Queen 's University at Kingston , earning his B.Sc.Eng . in 1995 . Sargent then conducted graduate studies in Electrical and Computer Engineering , in the area of Photonics , at the University of Toronto , with Prof. Jingming Xu . He graduated with his Ph.D. in 1998 .
Career
Sargent began his independent research career at the University of Toronto as an assistant professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering in 1998 . He was promoted to Associate Professor in 2002 , and full Professor in 2005 . In 2015 , Sargent was appointed as University Professor , the University of Toronto 's most distinguished rank .
Sargent has also held multiple administrative roles within the University of Toronto . From 2009 to 2012 , he served as Associate Chair of Research , for the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering . He was the Vice-Dean , Research for the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering from 2012 to 2016 . Sargent served as the Vice-President , International for the University of Toronto from 2016 to 2020 , helping to recruit new international graduate student researchers . Since 2020 , he has served as the Vice-President , Research and Innovation , and Strategic Initiatives .
Sargent has held several visiting professorships . From 2004 to 2005 , he was a Nanotechnology and Photonics Visiting Professor at the MIT Microphotonics Center . In 2013 he was a Fulbright Visiting Professor at UCLA . In fall of 2017 , he was a Somorjai Visiting Miller Professor at UC Berkeley , and in April 2018 he was a Distinguished Visiting Professor at the Rowland Institute at Harvard University .
In 2005 , he published for the general public about nanotechnology and its applications in everyday life , The Dance of Molecules : How Nanotechnology is Changing Our Lives .
University spin-offs
Sargent has also co-founded several university spin-off companies . In 2006 , he founded InVisage Technologies , which was acquired by Apple in 2017 . With Prof. Shana Kelley , Sargent co-founded Xagenic in 2010 , a molecular diagnostics company . Xagenic was partially acquired in 2018 by the General Atomics - Electromagnetic Systems Group ( GA-EMS ) . With Dr. Sjoerd Hoogland , Sargent also co-founded QD Solar in 2014 , which aims to develop tandem solar cells using perovskites and quantum-dots .
Awards and memberships
Sargent has been honored with multiple awards and learned society memberships for his research , including :
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science since 2009
Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers since 2011
Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering since 2014
Awarded an NSERC Silver Medal in 1999
D. N. Chorafas Foundation Award in 2000
Outstanding Engineer Award of the IEEE Canada in 2002
Named a Top 20 Researcher Under Age 40 by the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research in 2002
Named a TR100 Innovator Under 35 by the MIT Technology Review in 2003
Named one of Canada 's Top 40 Under 40 for 2003-2004
Named a member of the Scientific American 50 for 2004-2005
Named a KAUST Global Research Partnership Investigator in 2008
Awarded the Steacie Prize in 2012
Awarded the NSERC Brockhouse Award in Interdisciplinary Research and Engineering with Shana Kelley in 2016
Awarded a Killam Prize for Engineering in 2020
Personal life
Sargent is married to fellow University of Toronto Professor Shana Kelley . They met at a nanotechnology conference at UC Irvine , and have two children together .
References
External links
Google Scholar Page for Edward Sargent
Living people
University of Toronto faculty
University of Toronto alumni
Queen 's University at Kingston alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the Canadian Academy of Engineering
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The men 's singles tennis event at the 2014 Asian Games took place at the Yeorumul Tennis Courts , Incheon , South Korea from 24 September to 30 September 2014 . A total of 42 competitors from 23 nations participated in the event . Somdev Devvarman from India was the defending champion , but did not participate in this edition .
Schedule
All times are Korea Standard Time ( UTC+09:00 )
Results
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
Draw
External links
Official website
Tennis at the 2014 Asian Games
Although the United States Virgin Islands did not participate in the 2020 presidential election because it is a territory and not a state , it still participated in the U.S. presidential caucuses and primaries .
Democratic caucuses
The USVI 's Democratic presidential caucuses were held on June 6 , 2020 , in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election . The United States Virgin Islands caucuses are a closed caucus , with the territory awarding 13 delegates , of which 7 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the caucuses .
Procedure
When the United States Virgin Islands Democratic Party published its draft delegate selection plan on June 12 , 2019 , it specified a June 6 date for the 2020 caucuses .
Voting took place between 10:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m . In the closed caucuses , candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent across the territory to be considered viable . The 7 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the caucuses . Of the 7 pledged delegates , all 7 are at-large pledged delegates .
The 7 pledged delegates the United States Virgin Islands sent to the national convention were joined by 6 unpledged PLEO delegates ( 5 members of the Democratic National Committee and nonvoting delegate Stacey Plaskett ) .
Results
On June 6 , Joe Biden won the caucuses in the Virgin Islands , extending his lead in the delegate threshold .
Republican caucuses
The USVI 's Republican presidential caucuses were scheduled to take place between April 4 and May 30 , 2020 , in the Republican Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election .
Procedure
They are a closed caucus , with the territory awarding 9 delegates , of which 6 are pledged delegates directly allocated on the basis of the direct results of the caucuses . The other 3 delegates are unpledged .
Results
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed .
References
External links
The Green Papers Democratic Party delegate allocation summary
The Green Papers Republican Party delegate allocation summary
United States Virgin Islands
United States presidential elections in the United States Virgin Islands
United States Virgin Islands
United States Virgin Islands
Presidential
United States Virgin Islands caucuses
United States Virgin Islands Republican caucuses
Exotic Zoology is a 1959 cryptozoological book by Willy Ley , a science writer and space advocate . The illustrator of the book is Olga Ley .
Content
Ley had written a number of books containing scientific oddities ; Exotic Zoology collects the cryptozoological matter from those books . Throughout the book he shows examples of organisms that were rumored to exist , or were thought to be impossible , that were shown to be real ; and others that were accepted as fact , that were discovered to have never existed : `` He speculates about dragons and sea serpents , wingless birds and Abominable Snowmen . '' The book , in its description of ( fictional ) peoples and creatures , has been compared to John Mandeville 's Travels . Some of the claims have been criticized or ridiculed , for instance the statement that giant squids had left scars on whales of two feet in diameter .
Exotic Zoology was not reviewed in many academic journals . An exception was a review in the Science journal , in 1959 .
References
External links
A Bibliography of the Works of Willy Ley by Jean M. Perreault , University of Alabama in Huntsville
Cryptozoology
1959 books
Al-Sadd FC is a Saudi Arabian professional football team based in Al-Kharj , that competes in the Saudi Second Division .
Current squad
As of Saudi Second Division :
References
External links
Al Sadd FC at Kooora.com
Sadd
1979 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Association football clubs established in 1979
Football clubs in Al-Kharj
Hieronymus Franciscus ( Jerôme ) Lambrechts ( 12 October 1839 – 25 November 1896 ) was a Dutch politician .
Lambrechts was a Limburg lawyer and school overseer who was a representative for the Roermond district . As one journalist wrote , he belonged to the 'incumbent members ' . He spoke rarely and always briefly .
Lambrechts was a son of Jan Jacob Lambrechts ( 1804–1858 ) , Member of Parliament from 1849–1850 and Maria Gertudis Nelissen ( –1900 ) . He was a member of the House of Representatives for more than twenty years . Lambrechts died in 1896 in Papenhoven .
References
1839 births
1896 deaths
Living people
19th-century Dutch politicians
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
People from Echt-Susteren
Oumarou Idani is a Burkinabé politician . He is the Minister of Mines and Quarries since 20 February 2017 .
Biography
Oumarou Idani graduated from the Interstates School for Rural Equipment Engineers in 1981 . In 1991 , he received postgraduate diploma from Financial , Economics and Banking Studies Centre of Paris .
On 20 February 2017 , Idani was appointed Minister of Mines and Quarries by the Prime Minister Thieba . He remained the position in Dabiré cabinet .
Health
During the 2020 coronavirus outbreak , on 21 March , Idani contracted the coronavirus .
References
Living people
Government ministers of Burkina Faso
Mining ministers of Burkina Faso
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Burkinabé people
Dibb may refer to :
The River Dibb
Mike Dibb ( born 1940 ) , English documentary filmmaker
Saul Dibb ( born 1968 ) , a British film director
Henry Eells Barnard ( March 2 , 1837 – August 3 , 1919 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Life
Barnard was born on March 2 , 1837 in Plattsburgh , New York , the son of Charles Barnard and Sarah Eells .
Barnard attended Plattsburgh Academy . He graduated from the University of Vermont in 1859 . He read law in the office of Palmer & Armstrong , and then studied at Albany Law School , graduating from there in 1861 . He initially practiced law in Iowa , first in Des Moines then in Boonesboro . In 1862 , he became principal of the Iowa City public schools . He later returned to Plattsburgh and developed a law practice there .
In 1864 , Barnard was appointed and later elected town clerk of Plattsburgh . In 1865 , he was appointed town assessor . In 1866 , he was appointed justice of the peace to fill the vacancy caused by the death of his father , who previously served the position . In 1867 , he was elected president of the village of Plattsburgh . In 1868 , he was elected village trustee . In 1871 , he was elected District Attorney of Clinton County , and was re-elected to the position in 1898 . He was also elected a member of the board of education and served on the board for 30 years .
In 1892 , Barnard was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat , representing Clinton County . He served in the Assembly in 1893 .
Barnard was a member of the Freemasons , the Royal Arch Masons , the Knights Templar , and the Mystic Shrine . In 1869 , he married Marianna Moore of Rouse 's Point . They had two children , Charles and Harry . Harry drowned in the Saranac River on Christmas 1888 , when he was 10 . Charles served as mayor of Plattsburgh .
Barnard , suffering from declining health for some time , hung himself on August 3 , 1919 . He was buried in Riverside Cemetery .
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
Henry E. Barnard at Find a Grave
1837 births
1919 deaths
Politicians from Plattsburgh , New York
19th-century American lawyers
County district attorneys in New York ( state )
University of Vermont alumni
Albany Law School alumni
School board members in New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
New York ( state ) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
American Freemasons
1919 suicides
American politicians who committed suicide
Suicides by hanging in New York ( state )
Burials in New York ( state )
Allium achaium is a plant species endemic to Greece. < ref > [ http : //apps.kew.org/wcsp/namedetail.do ? name_id=294892 Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families , Allium achaium ' ] < /ref > Allium achaium '' produces egg-shaped bulbs up to 25 mm long . Scape is up to 30 cm tall , round in cross-section , erect , about 5 mm across . Leaves are about the same length as the scape , 3 mm wide . Umbel has up to 45 flowers , the pedicels unequal in length . Flowers are bell-shaped , pale yellow tinged with pink . Anthers are yellow , ovary green .
References
External links
JSTOR photo of herbarium specimen at Kew Botanical Gardens , syntype of Allium achaium
achaium
Onions
Flora of Greece
Plants described in 1882
Bradford is an unincorporated community in Bradford Township , Isanti County , Minnesota , United States .
The community is located west of Cambridge and Isanti ; and north of St. Francis on State Highway 47 ( MN 47 ) . The center of Bradford is generally considered at the junction of Highway 47 and Isanti County Road 40 . Other routes include County Roads 5 , 10 , and 17 .
Bradford currently has a gas station , a used car lot , a few small industries , which include , but are not limited to , Heat Mizer Glass , and has a restaurant `` Bradford Roadhouse '' on the site of the former Bradford Store .
Infrastructure
Transportation
Minnesota State Highway 47
Isanti County Road 40
Isanti County Road 5
Isanti County Road 17
Isanti County Road 10
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County , Minnesota
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is a 2010 fantasy Malayalam film written and directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty . The lead pair in the film are Tinnu Anand and Divya Dutta .
Plot
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star has the story revolving around a eunuch , played by Tinnu Anand and her search of a boy , who she believes to be the successor to her dynasty .
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star movie is based on the life of a child in a royal family headed by a matriarch who lives in the palace with her two daughters ( Swetha and Pooja ) . Swetha is married and has a son named Chintu while Pooja is an IPS Officer . Chintu is found to have a non curable physical deformity and it is proclaimed that he will grow as a eunuch in future . This news was a great shock to the family and they are forced to go after the spiritual remedies to rescue the child from growing into a eunuch . From the advise of the spiritual practitioners , the family of Chintu learns that he was born as a eunuch because of the curse of the Kuladevata and they were asked to perform poojas in the Haveli by a eunuch priest to ward off the evil . For performing the rites , they approach the head of the eunuchs named `` Kakathiya '' who is supposed to be 200 years old and deeply believes in powers and his ongoing research to transform eunuchs into powerful human beings . His belief was so high that one day he would become successful in his research works , transforming eunuchs to super human beings to rule the world .
Kakathiya sends his beloved disciple and priest Chela and his aide to the Haveli to perform the rites . At the palace , a new relationship sprouts between Chela and Chintu which threatens Swetha . Even after taking many security measures the relationship kept on growing between Chela and Chintu . A series of murders occurs and Pooja , the IPS officer is assigned to investigate and she founds that all those who were murdered were young virgins , which leads into strange rituals and practices .
Cast
Tinnu Anand
Neha Pendse
Divya Dutta
Suhasini Mulay
Sreekanth T.R . Nair
Shrikant Ram
Vaiyapuri
Madhan Bob
Captain Raju
Sayaji Shinde
Kalyani
Abhay
Vijayakumar
Soundtrack
Malayalam version
`` Magic Journey '' ( version 1 ) - Jyotsna Radhakrishnan , Afsal , Manjari , Asha Menon , Vijay Yesudas
`` Hey You '' - Vidhu Prathap
`` Maanathe Thaamare '' - MG Sreekumar , Jyotsna Radhakrishnan Gireesh Puthenchery
`` Magic Journey '' ( version 2 ) - Manjari , Asha Menon , Bhavatharani
`` Ethetho Janmathil ( Female ) '' - KS Chithra
`` Ethetho Janmathil ( Male ) '' - KJ Yesudas
`` Twinkle Twinkle '' - Bhavatharani , Chandrahassan
`` Chilanka Chilanka '' - Afsal , Manjari , Asha Menon , Vijay Yesudas
Tamil version
`` Engengo Pogindra ''
`` Hey You ''
`` Magic Journey ''
`` Twinkle Twinkle ''
`` Thudikkuthu Thudikkuthu ''
Release
The film was completed in 2005 and was scheduled to be released in 2006 , but was postponed . The film was then scheduled to be released on 12 February 2010 , but was not due to legal issues . The film was dubbed into Tamil , Telugu and Hindi .
References
External links
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star pictures . Movies.Sulekha.com
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Unreleased Malayalam-language films
Indian fantasy films
The Trustees of the University of Oregon make up the institutional governing board of the University of Oregon . The board took effect on July 1 , 2014 .
Background
In 2010 , the newly installed UO president , Richard Lariviere , proposed establishing a new governance and funding model for UO . The New Partnership , as it became known , sought to establish an independent board and large endowment to fund the university into the future . Funding had become too low and unpredictable for UO officials , and the new model would provide the university with a consistent stream of funding and the legal freedom to borrow money for large capital projects . Lariviere 's proposal called for $ 800 million in state bonds and `` an equal amount '' of private gifts . The new funds would provide a large boost to UO 's then modest endowment .
In a 2010 interview , UO booster Phil Knight discussed the New Partnership . Knight explained that Lariviere 's plan would allow UO greater control and possibly allow it to set its own tuition for in-state students .
Ultimately , the New Partnership failed . Lariviere was fired in late-2011 . Neither the governance proposal nor funding model was established during his presidency .
On March 31 , 2012 , a Political Action Committee called Oregonians For Higher Education Excellence was formed by Columbia Sportswear CEO Tim Boyle . As of May 23 , 2012 , the organization has raised over $ 320,000 . Notable contributors to the PAC include , Phil Knight , Patrick Kilkenny , and Tim Boyle . According to Boyle , the PAC 's stated goal was to help facilitate an increase in autonomy at the University of Oregon .
Board Activity
On April 14 , 2015 , it was announced that Michael H. Schill would become the next president of the university . This was the board 's first major move since the previous president resigned .
Fundraising history
UO has initiated three capital campaigns in the last 25 years . The first campaign of this era was launched with a goal of $ 150 million . It ended up raising a total of $ 255.3 million between 1992-1998 . The next campaign commenced its quiet phase in 2000 . Campaign Oregon , as it was known , raised $ 853 million , far surpassing the initial goal of $ 600 million . The most recent campaign 's quiet-phase began in 2010 , and raised $ 700 million during this period . This campaign officially launched in November 2014 , with a goal of $ 2 billion .
References
External links
2014 establishments in Oregon
University of Oregon
The Cariboo Regional District spans the Cities and Districts of Quesnel , Williams Lake , 100 Mile House , and Wells in the Central Interior of British Columbia .
Geography
The Cariboo Regional District ( CRD ) in the Central Interior of BC encompasses 80,252 square kilometers of land . The Cariboo and Coastal mountain ranges hug the CRD on its west and east side boundaries . The region straddles Highway 97 from 70 Mile House in the south to 5 km south of Hixon in the north . It belongs to the PDT/PST time zones .
Incorporated municipalities
District Municipality of 100 Mile House
City of Quesnel
District Municipality of Wells
City of Williams Lake
Communities
Alexandria
Australian
Kersley
Red Bluff
Rich Bar
Other communities
Alexis Creek
Anahim Lake
Horsefly
Lac La Hache
Likely
Lone Butte
McLeese Lake
Nazko
Nimpo Lake
Riske Creek
Tatla Lake
Forest Grove
150 Mile House
Features and Amenities
The Cariboo Regional District provides region-wide library services , recreational facilities , and local fire protection .
Demographics
As a census division in the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , the Cariboo Regional District had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
Rural Representative Elections
Electoral directors
Twelve electoral area directors and four municipal directors govern the affairs of the Cariboo Regional District . The electoral area directors are elected by area voters , and municipal directors are appointed by their municipal council . All directors serve for a four-year term .
Electoral areas
Regional District Electoral Areas are A , B , C , D , E , F , G , H , I , J , K and L .
Electoral areas have no administrative or governmental significance ; they are used only to elect rural representatives to regional district boards .
Literature
The Cariboo District and 100 Mile House are featured prominently in Al Purdy 's poem `` The Cariboo Horses '' to examine the tradition of equinity against human civilization .
References
Community Profile : Cariboo Regional District , British Columbia ; Statistics Canada
External links
Regional districts of British Columbia
Canóvanas may refer to :
Canóvanas , Puerto Rico , a municipality
Canóvanas , Canóvanas , Puerto Rico , a barrio
Canóvanas , Loíza , Puerto Rico , a barrio
Canóvanas barrio-pueblo , a barrio
Trocon Markous Robert Jr. , better known by his stage name FKi 1st , 1 $ T or 1st Down , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , DJ , and record producer . He is a member of the production and songwriting team FKi .
FKi 1st 's production has yielded 20 Gold and Platinum records , including Iggy Azalea 's `` Work '' , Travis Porter 's `` Make It Rain '' , `` Bring It Back '' and `` Ayy Ladies '' , `` Watch Out '' by 2 Chainz , and `` Pick It Up '' by Famous Dex featuring ASAP Rocky . He also co-wrote the 5× platinum single `` White Iverson '' by Post Malone .
In 2016 , FKi 1st released his own EP , First Time For Everything , on Mad Decent and toured with Fetty Wap , Post Malone , Justin Bieber , Diplo , and others . He was also executive producer of Post Malone 's debut album , Stoney ( 2016 ) , which later went 3× platinum .
Career
Beginnings
FKi 1st embarked on his music career in the production and songwriting team FKi with Sauce Lord Rich . The duo grew up together in Atlanta , Georgia . When they first met , they realized they had the same music interests and tastes ( other than the arguments they would have over Jay-Z and Nas ) and started to build their own production company . The duo decided to go to school to perfect their craft by attending Full Sail University , studying audio engineering .
FKi subsequently began working with Collipark Music , where they were introduced to Travis Porter and produced the singles `` Make it Rain '' and `` Bring it Back '' , inside a basement with a microphone and an Mbox . In 2009 , FKi shared studio space with Jon Jon Traxx , Iggy Azalea ( then known by her birth name , Amethyst Kelly ) , and Natalie Sims .
In 2012 , FKi met American EDM producer Diplo , at a small local club in Atlanta and introduced him to Iggy Azalea . They flew out to Los Angeles to Mad Decent studios and to produce Azalea 's TrapGold mixtape . FKi opened for her TrapGold European tour .
2014–2015
In 2014 , FKi 1st met Post Malone and came out with `` White Iverson '' . It was released on SoundCloud and received one million plays within three weeks .
Other noteworthy productions include `` Watch Out '' 2 Chainz , `` A Milli Billi Trilli '' 2 Chainz ft. Wiz Khalifa , `` Weekend '' by Mac Miller ft. Miguel , `` Sloppy Toppy '' by Travis Scott , `` Pleazer '' by Tyga , and more .
Alongside these tracks , FKi 1st also produced a few songs on Lil Uzi Vert 's debut mixtape under DJ Drama and Don Cannon Generation Now label , Luv Is Rage . These tracks include `` Moist '' Lil Uzi Vert , `` Wit My Crew x 1987 '' Lil Uzi Vert , and `` Nuyork Nights at 21 '' Lil Uzi Vert .
FKi 1st deejayed numerous events such as High-end Theory , Brownies & Lemonade , Trap City , Control Avalon , and more . In August 2015 he opened for Rita Ora at the El Rey theatre in Los Angeles and Drais Beach Club in Las Vegas . FKi 1st has also deejayed Mad Decent 's Mad Decent Block Party in Los Angeles , Brooklyn , and Phoenix .
2016–2017
In 2016 FKi 1st released his solo EP First Time For Everything on Mad Decent . The EP features artists Post Malone , Njomza , ILoveMakonnen , Danny Seth , and more .
In April , FKi 1st joined Diplo & Friends at the Heineken House at Coachella . He also went on to tour with Fetty Wap on his Welcome to the Zoo Tour , Justin Bieber 's Purpose Tour , and Post Malone 's Hollywood Dreams Tour .
FKi 1st won an award for `` White Iverson '' at the BMI R & B Hip Hop Awards .
FKi 1st was the executive producer for Post Malone 's debut album Stoney , and has recently collaborated with artists Njomza , Party Favor , Nicki Minaj , 2 Chainz , Anne Dereaux , and more . FKi FKi 1st teamed up with fellow Atlanta rappers Drugrixh Peso and Yakki releasing single `` Do What Bosses Do '' through his own label Zooly the Label .
2018–Present
In February 2018 he started the Good Gas series of albums featuring artists such as 2 Chainz , ASAP Ferg , and MadeinTYO .
He released the album Tokyo Project in December 2019 .
Musical style
FKi 1st 's musical style ranges from trap to EDM . He has referred to himself as the black Diplo .
His record production and songwriting team , FKi , does a blend of glitch hop , hip hop , drum and bass and trap . Their sound was first heard on their premier mixtape Transformers n the Hood , which was presented and produced by Diplo , alongside HXV as well as Mayhem , and received attention from electronic , hip hop and trap music forums throughout the US and abroad . FKi went on to produce Iggy Azalea 's entire TrapGold and in 2012 served as the official DJs for her European tour . FKi has also collaborated with other producers like Borgore , Flosstradamus , The Invisible Men and Diplo , among others .
Discography
Solo albums
First Time for Everything Part 1 ( 2016 )
Tokyo Project ( 2019 )
Productions
References
External links
African-American male rappers
African-American record producers
American hip hop record producers
Full Sail University alumni
American audio engineers
African-American songwriters
Living people
Record producers from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Songwriters from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American hip hop DJs
American dance musicians
Southern hip hop musicians
Mad Decent artists
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
American male songwriters
21st-century African-American men
Carenum regulare is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1900 .
References
regulare
Beetles described in 1900
The Green Hornet Strikes Again ! is a 1941 Universal black-and-white 15 chapter movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker . It is a sequel to Universal 's earlier serial The Green Hornet ( 1940 ) . This was the 117th serial ( the 49th with sound ) of the 137 that Universal produced . The plot involves racketeering and is unusual for a movie serial by having mostly stand-alone chapters instead of each running into the next ; this was also the case for Universal 's first Green Hornet serial .
Plot
Wealthy publisher Britt Reid and his trusted Korean valet and sidekick disguise themselves as the crime fighting vigilantes , The Green Hornet and Kato . Over the course of 15 chapters , they battle the growing power of ruthless crime lord `` Boss '' Crogan and his varied rackets and henchmen across the city . Unknown to them , Crogan also has strong ties to foreign powers unfriendly to America ...
Cast
Warren Hull as Britt Reid and his alter ego The Green Hornet . Hull replaced Gordon Jones in this role and also provided the voice of the Hornet ( instead of radio voice Al Hodge in the original serial ) .
Wade Boteler as Michael Axford , Britt Reid 's bodyguard
Anne Nagel as Lenore `` Casey '' Case , Britt Reid 's secretary
Keye Luke as Kato , the Green Hornet 's sidekick
Eddie Acuff as Ed Lowery , a reporter
Pierre Watkin ( listed in the credits as `` Pierre Watkins '' ) as Boss Crogan , racketeer
James Seay as Bordine , one of Boss Crogan 's henchmen
Arthur Loft as Tauer , Boss Crogan 's chief henchman
Joe Devlin as Dolan , one of Boss Crogan 's henchmen
William Hall as DeLuca , one of Boss Crogan 's henchmen
Dorothy Lovett as Frances Grayson , an aluminum heiress , and Stella Merja , an actress hired to replace her
Chapter titles
Source :
Flaming Havoc
The Plunge of Peril
The Avenging Heavens
A Night of Terror
Shattering Doom
The Fatal Flash
Death in the Clouds
Human Targets
The Tragic Crash
Blazing Fury
Thieves of the Night
Crashing Barriers
The Flaming Inferno
Racketeering Vultures
Smashing the Crime Ring
References
External links
Nostalgia League review of The Green Hornet Strikes Again !
1941 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films based on radio series
Universal Pictures film serials
American sequel films
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by John Rawlins
1940s crime films
The Green Hornet films
American action adventure films
1940s action adventure films
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1940s American films
Hartvik ( Arduin ) was a prelate ( most probably the bishop of Győr ) in the Kingdom of Hungary under King Coloman the Book-lover . He wrote a new Life of St Stephen I of Hungary based on the holy king 's two earlier hagiographies .
References
11th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Hungary
Bishops of Győr
11th-century Hungarian people
Cullendale is an unincorporated community in Ouachita County , Arkansas , United States . It is part of the Camden Micropolitan Statistical Area and lies at an elevation of 128 ft .
References
External links
Cullendale ( Arkansas , United States - USA )
Cullendale , Arkansas ( AR )
http : //ouachitacountyhistoricalsociety.org/Cullendale2.pdf
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Ouachita County , Arkansas
Camden , Arkansas micropolitan area
The twenty-eighth edition of the Caribbean Series ( Serie del Caribe ) was played in . It was held from February 4 through February 9 with the baseball champion teams of the Dominican Republic , Águilas Cibaeñas ; Mexico , Águilas de Mexicali ; Puerto Rico , Indios de Mayagüez , and Venezuela , Tiburones de la Guaira . The format consisted of 12 games , each team facing the other teams twice . The games were played at Estadio Luis Aparicio El Grande in Maracaibo , Venezuela .
Summary
Ten years after their first Caribbean Series title , the Mexican club won again under the guide of veteran Cananea Reyes . Mexicali made history by winning three of four games in its last at-bat , two of them against the Dominican Republic .
Mexico was shut out twice in its first three games , but after four contests all four teams were tied at 2–2 for the first time in Series history . Mexicali finished strong and defeated the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico to win the title , after host Venezuela was stopped by the Dominicans in the final contest of the tournament . Venezuela had crushed Mexico , 11–0 , in their first confrontation , but the Mexicans took revenge in their second matchup with a 14–0 thumping . The other three victories of Mexicali were by one run difference .
Pitchers Jim Leopold and Jaime Orozco took two victories apiece , while the offensive support came from C Francisco Estrada , SS Houston Jiménez and CF John Kruk . The inspired Mexican club also included DH Nelson Barrera , 1B Lorenzo Bundy , RF Roy Johnson , 2B Juan Navarrete , and Ps Salomé Barojas and Sid Monge , among others . In addition , Cananea Reyes joined Cuban skipper Nap Reyes as the only managers to win two Series titles .
The clubs from the Dominican Republic and Venezuela tied for second place with 3–3 records .
The Dominican Republic 's Águilas , managed by Winston Llenas , were a favorite to grasp the Series trophy , as the team was headed by players such as C Tony Peña , 2B Juan Samuel , 3B Domingo Ramos , SS Alfredo Griffin , LF Miguel Diloné , 1B Rufino Linares and CF Luis Polonia . The Águilas outscored their rivals , 36 to 30 , but also topped the tournament with 15 errors . Eric Plunk , who posted a 1-0 record and a 3.21 ERA in two starts , was a bright spot in a pitching staff that included José Bautista , Ravelo Manzanillo , Pascual Pérez and Bob Patterson .
The Venezuelan Tiburones , managed by José Martínez , wasted home field advantage and was the only team outscored , 34 to 27 . 1B Andrés Galarraga hit .407 and slugged .703 , driving in five runs while leading the batters in home runs ( 2 ) and doubles ( 2 ) . RF Tony Armas batted .300 with one homer and three RBIs , and was very solid at defense . Starters Ubaldo Heredia ( 1-0 , 0.00 ERA ) , Bryan Clark ( 1-0 , 0.00 ERA ) and Odell Jones ( 1-0 , 3.60 ERA ) combined for the three victories of the team , receiving some strong bullpen support from Luis Aponte ( two saves , 0.00 , 5.0 IP ) , Wilfredo Flores ( 0.00 , 6⅔ IP ) and Luis Sánchez ( 1.00 ERA , 3.0 IP ) . Other players in the roster included P Bill Mooneyham , C Tobias Hernández , and IFs Carlos Martínez , Gustavo Polidor , Al Pedrique and Argenis Salazar .
Mayagüez of Puerto Rico was managed by Nick Leyva and finished last with a 2–4 record . The team scored a second-best 31 runs , but lost two one-run games . 3B Randy Ready went 14-for-30 and captured both the batting title ( .467 ) and the RBI lead ( 7 ) , winning Series Most Valuable Player honors . His 14 hits tied a tournament record , which was set by Pedro Formental in the 1953 Series . Another highlight came from Luis DeLeón , who hurled a two-hit , complete game shutout against the eventual champions . Among the other roster members were Ps Luis Aquino , Edwin Correa , Bill Earley , José Guzmán , Jesús Hernáiz , Dale Mohorcic , Ray Searage and Candy Sierra ; C Angel Rodríguez ; DH Luis Quiñones ; IFs Wally Joyner , Willie Lozado , Al Newman and José Oquendo , as well as OFs Bobby Bonilla , John Cangelosi and Henry Cotto .
Final standings
Scoreboards
Game 1 , February 4
Game 2 , February 4
Game 3 , February 5
Game 4 , February 5
Game 5 , February 6
Game 6 , February 6
Game 7 , February 7
Game 8 , February 7
Game 9 , February 8
Game 10 , February 8
Game 11 , February 9
Game 12 , February 9
Sources
Antero Núñez , José ( 1987 ) . Series del Caribe . Jefferson , Caracas , Venezuela . Impresos Urbina , C.A .
Gutiérrez , Daniel ( 2007 ) . Enciclopedia del Béisbol en Venezuela – 1895-2006 . Caracas , Venezuela . Impresión Arte , C.A .
EspnDeportes.com – Campeones de México en Series del Caribe
Caribbean Series
Caribbean Series
International baseball competitions hosted by Venezuela
Sport in Maracaibo
1986 in Venezuelan sport
1986 in Caribbean sport
Janine L. Brown ( born 1954 ) is a scientist specializing in the reproductive biology of endangered species . She is the head of the National Zoological Park 's Endocrine Research Laboratory at the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute . Brown has been called `` a world authority on elephant reproductive biology '' and is in charge of the elephant reproduction program at the National Zoological Park ( United States ) .
Life
She received her Bachelor of Arts in animal sciences from North Dakota State University in 1976 , and her Master of Arts in 1980 and Doctor of Philosophy in 1984 in animal sciences from Washington State University .
Selected publications
References
American women scientists
Veterinary scientists
Smithsonian Institution people
American physiologists
Women physiologists
North Dakota State University alumni
Washington State University alumni
1954 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Black to the Blind is the third album by the Polish death metal band Vader . It was released on 13 October 1997 in Europe and Poland by System Shock/Impact Records and Koch International Poland , respectively . Japanese edition with one bonus track was released by Avalon/Marquee . The album was nominated for a Fryderyk Award in the category 'Hard & Heavy Album of the Year ( Album roku - hard & heavy ) ' .
Black to the Blind was recorded between July and August 1997 at Selani Studio in Olsztyn , Poland , and was produced by Piotr `` Peter '' Wiwczarek and Andrzej Bomba . The album was mastered by Julita Emanuiłow . The album features cover art by Jacek Wiśniewski . Song `` Carnal '' from the album was used in Polish action movie Gniew ( Anger ) from 1998 , directed by Marcin Ziębiński . It was also released by Koch International as part of soundtrack for this movie .
In 2012 Witching Hour Productions released remastered edition of Black to the Blind with new cover art , and layout by Zbigniew Bielak . Remastering was made by Wiesławscy Brothers , and it took place at Hertz Studio , Białystok in Poland .
Track listing
Personnel
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes .
Carnal / Black to the Blind
Carnal / Black to the Blind is the second single by the Polish death metal band Vader . It was released only in Poland in 1997 with special edition of Thrash'em All magazine entitled Super Poster '' # 1 . Apart from promo single insert includes interview with Piotr `` Peter '' Wiwczarek , Polish translation of lyrics from Black to the Blind , and additional information about the band .
Track listing
Release history
References
Vader ( band ) albums
1997 albums
Scinidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda .
Genera :
Acanthoscina Vosseler , 1900
Ctenoscina Wagler , 1926
Fortunata Chun , 1889
Scina Prestandrea , 1833
Spinoscina Bowman & Gruner , 1973
References
Amphipoda
The SS Durham Victory was the 19th Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program . The SS Durham Victory was launched by the California Shipbuilding Company on March 30 , 1944 , and completed on July 5 , 1944 . The ship 's United States Maritime Commission designation was VC2-S-AP3 , hull number 18 ( V-19 ) . SS Durham Victory served in the Pacific Ocean during World War II and was operated by Agwilines Inc .
Victory ships
The 10,500-ton Victory ships were designed to replace the earlier Liberty ships that were used only for WW2 . Compared to the Liberty ships , the Victory ships were much faster , significantly larger , and designed to last longer to serve the US Navy after the war . Victory ships also had a thinner stack set farther toward the superstructure , and a long , raised forecastle . Many ships like the SS Durham Victory were sold .
Christening
SS Durham Victory was christened prior to her first launch at the shipyard of the California Shipbuilding Corporation , also known as CalShip , in Wilmington , Los Angeles . The ship was a one of a total 550 Victory Ships , of which Calship delivered 132 . Each ship was named after an American city . The SS Durham Victory was commissioned into battle during World War II at the Battle of Leyte from June 1944 to January 1945 .
World War II
SS Durham Victory steamed into the Pacific to bring supplies to the Pacific War troops . She had the dangerous job of transporting 6,000 pounds of ammunition for the Liberation of The Philippines and the Battle of Leyte from April 1st until April 6th , 1945 . The SS Durham Victory worked closely with the US Navy ship USS Mazama , which was an ammunition ship .
She loaded the destroyer with ammunition on October 30 , 1944 , at San Pedro Bay on the Philippine Islands . She supplied ammo to the light cruiser on October 25 , 1944 , near Surigao Strait . SS Durham Victory was key in the support of the invasion of the Philippines . She was part of Task Unit ( TU ) 77.7.1 , which were supporting ships , including the T1 tanker , oilers , , and , and the merchant ship . The Task Unit was joined on October 12th by the destroyer escorts and ( out of Blanche Harbor ) , steering for Kossol Roads and then final preparations for the assault . Other escorts in the TU were and .
In 1945 , she anchored at the Ulithi atoll and supplied ammunition to a number of ships for the Battle of Leyte and other actions . On August 10th , 1945 , SS Durham Victory supplied the battleship with 225 rounds of ammo for her 16 '' , 20mm and 40mm guns .
Honors
SS Durham Victory earned two Battle Stars for combat action , one in the Leyte landings from November 23rd , 1944 , to November 29th , 1944 , and one for action from January 9th , 1945 , to January 18th , 1945 , in the Battle of Luzon . Durham Victory used her deck guns to defend herself and other ships from attacks .
Private Cargo Service
In 1946 , the SS Durham Victory was sold to the Holland America Line of Rotterdam , and was renamed the SS AVERDIJK in 1954 . In 1967 , she was sold to Consolidated Mariner S.A of Panama and renamed the MV DOMINA . In 1972 , she was taken to Taiwan and scrapped .
See also
List of Victory ships
Liberty ship
Type C1 ship
Type C2 ship
Type C3 ship
References
Sources
Sawyer , L.A. and W.H . Mitchell . Victory ships and tankers : The history of the ‘ Victory ' type cargo ships and of the tankers built in the United States of America during World War II , Cornell Maritime Press , 1974 , 0-87033-182-5 .
United States Maritime Commission :
Victory Cargo Ships
1944 ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Merchant ships of the United States
Victory ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka , Ibaraki , Japan , operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway .
Lines
Nakane Station is served by the single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies from the starting point of the line at Katsuta .
Station layout
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform with a simple passenger waiting shelter .
History
Nakane Station opened on 16 July 1931 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011 , the station was used by an average of 22 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
Nakane Onsen
Torazuka kofun
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1931
Hitachinaka , Ibaraki
ICAC Investigators ( ) is a long-running family of Hong Kong television miniseries about the work of Hong Kong 's Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) . The series are public awareness films produced by Radio Television Hong Kong or Television Broadcasts Limited , with the full co-operation of the ICAC itself . Each series dramatises real cases of the Commission and serves both to educate the populace against corrupt practises and as a public relations tool for the ICAC .
History
The series have been part of ICAC 's history since its infancy the first series of 13 episodes airing on Rediffusion Television in 1975 . Corruption in Hong Kong at that time was endemic and pervaded all walks of life . Presenting its message in a cops and robbers dramatised form proved far more effective at delivering the message , that bribes and kickbacks were unacceptable , than just lecturing the populace .
Series
Although usually produced by RTHK the series are usually aired by TVB , but also in the past Asia Television , since RTHK does not broadcast its own programs . The series usually consist of multiple stories , each usually told over the course of a single episode , based on real cases and take the form of a police procedural . The first installments of the series were broadcast under a variety different names with ICAC Investigators being the most recent and common name .
Sarat Chandra Bose ( Bengali : শরৎচন্দ্র বসু ) ( 6 September 1889 – 20 February 1950 ) was an Indian barrister and independence activist .
Early life
He was born to Janakinath Bose ( father ) and Prabhabati Devi in Cuttack , Odisha on 6 September 1889 . The family originally hailed from Kodalia ( now Subhashgram ) , South 24 Parganas , West Bengal . He belonged to the kulin Kayastha family . His father was descended from the Boses of Mahinagar ( South 24 Parganas ) while his mother Prabhabati Devi was part of the famous Dutt family of Hatkhola in north Kolkata . She gave birth to fourteen children , six daughters and eight sons , among whom were leftist leader Sarat Chandra Bose , Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and distinguished cardiologist Dr. Sunil Chandra Bose . Sarat had two elder sisters . They were Pramilabala Mitra and Saralabala Dey . He had an elder brother , Satish Chandra Bose . He had six younger brothers , namely : Suresh Chandra Bose , Sudhir Chandra Bose , Dr. Sunil Chandra Bose ( 1894 - 17 Nov 1953 ) , Subhas Chandra Bose ( 23 January 1897 – 18 August 1945 ) , Sailesh Chandra Bose and Santosh Chandra Bose . He had four younger sisters , they were Tarubala Roy , Malina Dutt , Protiva Mitra , and Kanaklata Mitra .
Sarat Bose studied in Presidency College , Scottish Church College , then affiliated with the University of Calcutta , and then went to England in 1911 to become a barrister . He was called to the bar at Lincoln 's Inn . He began a successful legal practice upon his return to India , but later abandoned it to join the Indian independence movement .
Political career
In 1936 , Bose became the President of the Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee , and served as a member of the India Congress Committee from 1936 till 1947 . Sarat Bose was arrested after the escape of Subhas the day before he was due to join as Cabinet Minister in the Fazlul Haq government . He was moved to jail in Mercara and then Coonoor where his health suffered . He was released in September 1945 after a 4 year prison sentence . From 1946 to 1947 , Bose would lead the Congress delegation to the Central Legislative Assembly . He strongly supported the formation of the Indian National Army by Subhash Chandra Bose and actively participated in the Quit India movement . Following his brother 's reported death in 1945 , Bose led efforts to provide relief and aid to the families of INA soldiers through the INA Defence and Relief Committee . In 1946 , he was appointed Member of the Interim Government for Works , Mines and Powers – the position of a minister in a national executive council led by Jawaharlal Nehru and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , and presided over by the Viceroy of India .
Bengal partition and later life
However , Bose resigned from the AICC in disagreement over the Cabinet Mission Plan 's call to partition Bengal between Hindu-majority and Muslim-majority regions . He attempted to construct a bid for a united but independent Bengal and North-East with the Bengali Muslim League leaders Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy and Abul Hashim . Muhammad Ali Jinnah ( President of the Muslim League , who became Pakistan 's founding father ) supported it , though he later changed his decision . Mahatma Gandhi also supported it . The Indian National Congress and the Hindu members of Indian Legislative Council from Bengal opposed it . After India 's independence , Bose led his brother 's Forward Bloc and formed the Socialist Republican Party , advocating a socialist system for Bengal and India . He died on 20 February 1950 , in Calcutta when he was 60 years old .
Family
Sarat Bose married Bivabati Dey , the daughter of Akhoy Kumar Dey and Subala Dey , in 1909 . The couple had eight children . Their children included Asoke Nath Bose , a Doctorate in Chemistry from Germany and eminent engineer ; Amiya Nath Bose who participated in the Quit India Movement , became a Member of Parliament , and was also the Indian ambassador to Burma ; Sisir Kumar Bose , who became a pediatrician and Member of Legislative Assembly , and Subrata Bose , who was an electrical engineer and also a Member of Parliament . His youngest daughter , Prof. Chitra Ghosh , is a distinguished academician , a social scientist , and also a member of the Parliament . His elder grandson , Sugata Bose , is a Gardiner Professor of Oceanic History and Affairs at Harvard University and a former member of the Lok Sabha . His younger grandson , Sumantra Bose , is a Professor of Comparative Politics at the London School of Economics and Political Science .
Honours
A statue of Sarat Chandra Bose is situated beside Calcutta High Court .
In January 2014 , Sarat Chandra Bose Memorial Lecture was instituted , and the maiden lecture was delivered by historian of International fame Leonard A. Gordon - who has penned a joint biography of Sarat and his younger brother Subhas , titled Brothers Against The Raj .
References
External links
Indian independence activists from Bengal
Indian barristers
1889 births
1950 deaths
Members of the Central Legislative Assembly of India
Presidency University , Kolkata alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Bengali people
Bengali Hindus
Politicians from Kolkata
West Bengal politicians
20th-century Indian lawyers
People from Kolkata
20th-century Indian politicians
All India Forward Bloc politicians
Thomas Coulson ( 1645–1713 ) , of Tower Royal , London , was an English politician .
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England and Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes on 14 December 1692 – 1695 , 1698–1708 and 1710 – 2 June 1713 .
References
1645 births
1713 deaths
Politicians from London
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1698–1700
English MPs 1701
English MPs 1701–1702
English MPs 1702–1705
English MPs 1705–1707
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for Totnes
Golbui-ye Bala ( , also Romanized as Golbūī-ye Bālā ; also known as Golbū-ye Bālā , Golbū , and Golbū ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 372 , in 107 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
{ { Taxobox
| name = Longzhua
| fossil_range =
| regnum = Animalia
| phylum = Arthropoda
| classis = Insecta
| superordo = Archaeorthoptera
| familia = incertae sedis
| genus = Longzhua
| genus_authority = Gu , Béthoux & Ren , 2011
| species = L. loculata| binomial = Longzhua loculata| binomial_authority = Gu , Béthoux & Ren , 2011
} } Longzhua loculata '' ' is an extinct archaeorthopteran ( stem group Orthoptera ) species which existed in what is now China during the Pennsylvanian period . Fossils of the genus were found in the Yanghugou Formation .
References
Pennsylvanian insects
Prehistoric insect genera
Insect enigmatic taxa
Gzhelian life
Kasimovian life
Carboniferous animals of Asia
Paleozoic insects of Asia
Carboniferous China
Fossils of China
Fossil taxa described in 2011
In information technology service management a definitive software library ( DSL ) is a secure location , consisting of physical media or a software repository located on a network file server , in which the definitive authorized versions of all software configuration items ( CIs ) are stored and protected . The DSL is separate from development , quality assurance or production software storage areas . It contains master copies of all controlled software and includes definitive copies of purchased software , as well as licensing information for software developed on-site or purchased from an external vendor . All related documentation , related to any software stored in the DSL , is also stored in the DSL .
Following the publication of ITIL version 3 , the Definitive Software Library was renamed the Definitive Media Library .
References
External links
ITIL College : Definitive Software Library ITIL
Computing terminology
Events in the year 1917 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
The Battle of Doiran was fought between the United Kingdom and Bulgaria during World War I .
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Shaneq ( ) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 242 , in 60 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Joachim Lemelsen ( 28 September 1888 – 30 March 1954 ) was a German general during World War II who rose to army-level command .
During Operation Barbarossa , the invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , troops of the XLVII Motorized Corps under his command executed the criminal Commissar Order , prompting Lemelsen to complain : `` Soon the Russians will get to hear about the countless corpses lying along the routes taken by our soldiers ( ... ) . The result will be that the enemy will hide in the woods and fields and continue to fight -- and we shall lose countless comrades '' .
Early life
Born in 1888 in Berlin , Lemelsen joined the army of Imperial Germany as an Fahnenjunker ( officer cadet ) in the artillery and later participated in World War I . Serving in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany , he commanded the Artillery Lehr Regiment in 1934 and from the following year taught at infantry school . In March 1938 , Lemelsen was given command of the 29th Infantry Division .
World War II
Lemelsen took part in the Invasion of Poland ; his division was involved in the Massacre in Ciepielów of 8 September 1939 . On 28 May 1940 he was given command of the 5th Panzer Division with which he participated in the Battle of Dunkirk .
On 25 November 1940 Lemelsen was given command of the new XLVII Motorized Corps , which he led in the Battle of Smolensk and the Battle of Kiev . Lemelsen reported to the Wehrmacht High Command about the executions of Soviet prisoners of war during the early phases of Operation Barbarossa :
The Corps was designated a Panzer Corps in June 1942 and participated as such in anti-partisan operations and in the Battle of Kursk . Later , he temporarily commanded the 10th Army in Italy for two months until the end of December 1943 . Lemelsen was given command of the 1st Army , stationed near the Atlantic coast in France in May 1944 . On 7 June , Lemelsen was transferred to Italy to take over command of the 14th Army to replace Eberhard von Mackensen who the theatre commander Albert Kesselring had dismissed . Lemelsen commanded the army in the Italian Campaign from June 1944 until mid October when he was given command of Germany 's other major formation in Italy 10th Army . In February 1945 he returned to the leadership of 14th Army until the end of hostilities in Italy in early May .
Imprisoned by British forces after the war , Lemelsen in 1947 testified on behalf of his former commander , Field Marshal Albert Kesselring , during Kesselring 's war crimes trial before a British military court convened at Venice , Italy . Soon thereafter , Lemelsen was released . He died in 1954 .
Awards
Iron Cross ( 1914 ) 2nd Class ( 21 September 1914 ) & 1st Class ( 5 December 1916 )
Clasp to the Iron Cross ( 1939 ) 2nd Class ( 21 September 1939 ) & 1st Class ( 30 September 1939 )
German Cross in Gold on 15 July 1942 as General der Panzertruppe and commander of the XXXXVII . Panzerkorps
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight 's Cross on 27 July 1941 as General der Panzertruppe and commander of the XXXXVII . Panzerkorps
Oak Leaves on 7 September 1943 as General der Panzertruppe and commander of the XXXXVII . Panzerkorps
References
Citations
Bibliography
1888 births
1954 deaths
Military personnel from Berlin
Generals of Panzer Troops
German military personnel of World War I
Prussian Army personnel
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross , 1st class
Reichswehr personnel
Keleri-Kefa ( , also Romanized as Keleri-Kefa ) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 35 , in 9 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Iphigénie class was a group of nine 32-gun/12-pounder frigates of the French Navy , built during the late 1770s at Lorient ( 2 ships ) and Saint Malo ( 7 ships ) . They were designed by Léon Guignace . The seven built at Saint Malo were initially numbered Nos . 1 – 7 respectively , and not given names until October 1777 ( for Nos 1 – 4 ) and the start of 1778 ( Nos . 5 – 7 ) ; all seven were captured by the British Navy between 1779 and the end of 1800 . Of the two built at Lorient , the Spanish captured one , and a storm wrecked the other .
Iphigénie
Builder : Gilles Cambry at Lorient Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : February 1777
Launched : 16 October 1777
Completed : March 1778
Fate : Captured by the Spanish in February 1795 , becoming Spanish Ifigenia .
Surveillante
Builder : Gilles Cambry at Lorient Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : August 1777
Launched : 26 March 1778
Completed : May 1778
Fate : Wrecked in a storm in Bantry Bay , January 1797
Résolue ( ex No.1 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : July 1777
Launched : 16 March 1778
Completed : April 1778
Fate : Captured by the British 14 October 1798 , becoming HMS Resolue .
Gentille ( ex No.2 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : July 1777
Launched : 18 June 1778
Completed : August 1778
Fate : Captured by the British 11 April 1795 , becoming HMS Gentille .
Amazone ( ex No.3 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : August 1777
Launched : 11 May 1778
Completed : July 1778
Fate : Captured by the British 29 July 1782 , but retaken by a French squadron the following day ; wrecked off the Penmarch Islands January 1797 .
Prudente ( ex No.4 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : August 1777
Launched : late March 1778
Completed : July 1778
Fate : Captured by the British 2 June 1779 , becoming HMS Prudente .
Gloire ( ex No.5 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : January 1778
Launched : 9 July 1778
Completed : October 1778
Fate : Captured by the British 10 April 1795 , becoming HMS Gloire .
Bellone ( ex No.6 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : January 1778
Launched : 2 August 1778
Completed : February 1779
Fate : Captured by the British 12 October 1798 , becoming HMS Proserpine .
Médée ( ex No.7 )
Builder : Saint Malo Dockyard
Ordered :
Laid down : January 1778
Launched : 23 September 1778
Completed : February 1779
Fate : Captured by the British 5 August 1800 , becoming HMS Medee .
Sources and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
( 1671-1870 )
Frigate classes
Mount Theseus ( ) is a prominent peak , 1,830 m , just south of Clark Glacier in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land . Named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( 1958–59 ) after a figure of Greek mythology .
Mountains of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Ateyah Al-Shaari ( 2018 ; ) is or was a Libyan rebel leader of the Shura Council of Mujahideen in Derna , which he dissolved into the Derna Protection Force on 11 May 2018 , during the Libyan National Army 's offensive on Derna . On 26 June , Agenzia Nova reported that Ateyah had been killed in a shootout with LNA forces the preceding day , but Libyan National Army spokesman Ahmed al-Mismari was unable to confirm this .
References
Leaders of Islamic terror groups
Libyan rebels
Libyan Islamists
Baotite Ba4Ti4 ( Ti , Nb , Fe ) 4 ( Si4O12 ) O16Cl is a rare mineral recognized as having a unique four-fold silicate ring . Crystals are tetragonal , though commonly deformed to the extent of appearing monoclinic . Named for the locality of first discovery , Baotou , China , baotite has been found in hydrothermal veins and alkalic rocks in various locations around the world .
Structure
Simonov first determined the crystal structure of baotite in which ( Ti , Nb , Fe ) -octahedra share edges , forming chains and cross-linking at the corners forming a 4-fold screw axis in the ( 001 ) ; these columns are analogous to those in rutile . Four silicate tetrahedra share corners creating characteristic rings in the plane perpendicular to the c axis . The barium cation is between the rings and rutile columns , while chloride fills the void between each pair of rings . Chlorine 's presence is not necessary for the structure to balance electrostatically .
Geologic occurrence
The first sample of baotite was found with galena , pyrite , albite , aegirine and alkali amphiboles in a quartz vein cutting quartzite at the Bayan Obo Mine in China . Grains from Ravalli County , Montana were found in a thin calcite crust on masses of eschynite within a carbonatic vein . Baotite also occurs at Haast River , New Zealand as an accessory phase of carbonatite , fenite and hydrothermal fluid veins associated with a dike swarm . The dike intrusion of mantle-derived magmas can likely be attributed to the close proximity of the Alpine fault plate boundary across South Island , New Zealand .
References
External links
Fact sheet from Mindat.org
Fact sheet from Webmineral.com
Cyclosilicates
Tetragonal minerals
Minerals in space group 88
Panaspis helleri is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae . The species is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 1932
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Taxa named by Arthur Loveridge
Solar power in Belgium reached an installed capacity of 4,254 MW of power generating 3,563 GWh of electricity in 2018 . In 2015 PV solar power accounted for around 4 % of Belgium 's total electricity demand , the 4th highest penetration figure in the world , although the country is some way behind the leaders Germany , Italy and Greece at between 7 % and 8 % of electricity demand .
Installed capacity grew at an outstanding pace from 2008 until 2012 , but its growth has since slowed to a steady pace . Almost all of solar power in Belgium is grid connected .
Timeline
2007
Installed capacity of solar power increased drastically after 2007 . During 2009 the amount of solar installations quadrupled from 16,000 to 65,000 . Residential and small installations had a combined power of about 220 MWp .
2009
In December 2009 , there were 35,500 solar power installations in the Flemish region , 17,000 in Wallonia and 7,000 in the Brussels Capital Region . The number of installations in the Flemish region in particular was expanding rapidly at that time due to a favourable support measure expiring at the end of the year .
2011
At the end of 2011 the bulk of photovoltaic capacity was installed in the Flemish Region ( 88 % ) , the remaining 12 % was found mostly in Wallonia . The smaller Brussels-Capital Region had an installed capacity of 7 MWp . .
2013
In 2013 , Belgium 's watt per capita distribution , the total installed photovoltaic capacity per inhabitant , amounted to 267 watts . This was the third highest per-capita figure in the European Union—and therefore also in the world at that time—just behind Germany ( 447 watts ) and Italy ( 295 watts ) . In terms of the overall installed capacity of 2,983 MW , Belgium ranked tenth and belonged to the Top 10 leading photovoltaic countries in the world .
2014
In the afternoon of 20 March 2014 , a new record of peak electricity generation had been achieved . According to the power supplier Eneco Energie , more than two gigawatts of electric power , corresponding to two full-sized nuclear power plants , were generated by solar PV and supplied more than 20 percent of the overall electricity consumption at the time .
2015
In 2015 Solar PV per capita amounted to 287 Watts , the third highest in the world after Germany and Italy , providing around 4 % of Belgium 's total electricity demand .
2016
Solar PV per capita grew to 302.8 Watts , remaining the third highest in the EU .
Solar PV market by segment
Nearly 63 % of solar power installed in Belgium in 2017 was for small systems of less than 10 kW , mostly residential rooftop Solar PV . Larger systems over 250 kW accounted for almost 20 % of the total .
Residential Solar PV Capacity
According to a report on behalf of the European Commission in 2015 Belgium Flanders had an estimated 1,301 MW ( 666 MW ) of residential solar PV capacity with 336,000 ( 232,000 ) residential solar PV prosumers in the country representing 7.1 % ( 3.7 % ) of households . The average size of residential solar PV systems is estimated to be 3.87 kW moving to 2030 . The technical potential for residential solar PV in Belgium Flanders is estimated at 7,327 MW and Belgium Wallonia at 3,753 MW . The payback time for residential Solar PV in Belgium Flanders was 14.7 years whilst in Belgium Wallonia it was 6.9 years as of 2015 . Some of the advantages of small scale residential Solar include eliminating the need for extra land , keeping cost saving advantages in local communities and empowering households to become prosumers of renewable electricity and thus raising awareness of wasteful consumption habits and environmental issues through direct experience .
Flanders
As of July 2012 there are 42,644 photovoltaic installations in the Flemish region that receive green certificates .
Subsidies
Towards 2011 , it became clear that Flemish subsidies for solar panels had a significant impact on the cost of electricity of households without a photovoltaic installation . An added cost of up to 148 EUR is charged annually . Flemish minister for Energy Freya van den Bossche admitted that subsidies were too high , especially for large-scale installations . The guaranteed minimum price for electricity produced was reduced . For small photovoltaic installations ( less than 1 MW ) it was reduced from 330 EUR per MWh to 250 EUR per MWh by January 2012 with the goal of reaching renewable energy targets at a reasonable cost . This resulted in a rally which caused the number of installations to almost double from 20,514 to 37,355 in 2011 . The minimum price will be lowered further to 93 EUR per MWh from 2013 onwards .
Notable installations
A solar park of 100MW is set to be built near the town of Lommel , in the Flemish province of Limburg . Construction will start in September 2018 and will be completed mid-2019 . It will produce 83 GWh per year equivalent of the consumption of 24000 households .
In 2011 a above ground `` tunnel '' , built to avoid having to fell trees for a new high-speed railroad , was covered with solar panels .
In December 2009 , Katoen Natie announced that they will install 800,000 m² of solar panels in various places , including Antwerp . It is expected that the installed solar power in the Flemish Region will be increased by 25 % , when finished . That will be the largest installation in Europe . The installation produces about 35 GWh yearly . The total cost will be 166 million euros .
In October 2009 , the city of Antwerp announced that they want to install 2,500 m² of solar panels on roofs of public buildings , that will generate 265 MWh per annum .
In 2009 , the city of Leuven installed 1,810 solar panels on public buildings .
Wallonia
See also
Energy in Belgium
Wind power in Belgium
Solar power
Renewable energy by country
References
External links
Belgium
Renewable energy in Belgium
Belgium
Joseph Clifford Hendrix ( May 25 , 1853 – November 9 , 1904 ) was an American educator and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from New York from 1893 to 1895 .
Biography
Born in Fayette , Missouri , Hendrix attended private schools and Central College at Fayette and Cornell University , Ithaca , New York from 1870 to 1873 .
He moved to New York City in 1873 and worked for the New York Sun .
He was appointed a member of the Board of Education of Brooklyn in 1882 .
He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for mayor of Brooklyn in 1883 .
He was appointed trustee of the New York and Brooklyn Bridge in 1884 .
Hendrix was elected secretary of the board of bridge trustees in 1885 .
He was appointed postmaster of Brooklyn by President Cleveland in 1886 and served until July 1 , 1890 .
Hendrix was elected president of the board of education of Brooklyn in 1887 .
He served as president of the Kings County Trust Co. in 1889–1893 .
He served as president of the National Union Bank of New York City in 1893–1900 .
Congress
Hendrix was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-third Congress ( March 4 , 1893 – March 3 , 1895 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1894 .
Later career and death
He served as president of the National Bank of Commerce in 1900 .
Trustee of the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences .
Trustee of Cornell University .
He died in Brooklyn , New York , November 9 , 1904 .
He was interred in Green-Wood Cemetery .
Sources
External links
1853 births
1904 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Cornell University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Central Methodist University alumni
School board members in New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
People from Fayette , Missouri
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Manuel Abaunza is a retired Nicaraguan-American soccer inside right who played one season in the National Professional Soccer League .
In 1960 , Abaunza , the younger brother of Bayardo Abaunza , played for Vizcoya in Costa Rica . He moved to Los Angeles in 1961 where he joined the Los Angeles Kickers , an amateur team in the Greater Los Angeles League . In 1964 , the Kickers won the 1964 National Challenge Cup over the Philadelphia Ukrainians . Abaunza scored in the first game , a 2-2 tie . The Kickers then won the return leg 2-0 to take the title . In 1965 , he moved to Orange County Soccer Club of the Continental League . In 1966 , Orange County lost in the final of the 1966 National Challenge Cup . On January 29 , 1967 , Abaunza signed with the Los Angeles Toros of the National Professional Soccer League . The Toros folded at the end of the season and Abaunza moved to the Los Angeles Armenians in 1968 and Los Angeles Saprissa , a team composed almost entirely of Costa Rican players . In September 1969 , he moved to San Pedro Olympia .
Although he was called into the United States men 's national soccer team in the 1960s , he never played for the team in a full international .
References
External links
NPSL profile
NASL : Manuel Abaunza
1941 births
Living people
Soccer players from Los Angeles
Los Angeles Kickers players
Los Angeles Toros players
National Professional Soccer League ( 1967 ) players
Nicaraguan footballers
Nicaraguan emigrants to the United States
Association football inside forwards
Expatriate footballers in Costa Rica
The Badulla Municipal Council is the local council for Badulla , the capital city of Uva Province . The council was first formed as a Town Council which was established in the 1933 and was upgraded to Municipal Council status in 1963 . Badulla Municipal Council is considered one of the oldest Municipal Councils in the Sri Lanka .
Representation
The Badulla Municipal Council is divided into 13 wards and is represented by 15 councillors , elected using an open list proportional representation system . Wards those belong to the Badulla Municipal Council are listed below .
Medapathana
Kailagoda
Badulla North
Pitawelagama
Badulla West
Katupelella
Badulla Central
Badulupitiya
Badulla East
Hindagoda
Badulla South
Hingurugamuwa
Kanupelella
2011 Local government election
Results of the local government election held on 8 October 2011 .
References
External links
Sri Lanka Telecom Pura Varuna - Badulla Municipal Council
Municipal councils of Sri Lanka
Badulla
Teresa Ellen Gorman ( née Moore ; 30 September 1931 – 28 August 2015 ) was a British politician . She was Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Billericay , in the county of Essex in England , from 1987 to 2001 when she stood down . She was a leading figure in the rebellions over the Maastricht Treaty that nearly brought down John Major 's government . She worked in both education and business .
Early life
Gorman was born Teresa Ellen Moore in Putney , London , England . Her father was a demolition contractor , her mother a waitress . She was educated at Fulham County School in London , leaving the all-girls grammar school at 16 , at her parents ' insistence to start work . She then trained to teach at Brighton Teacher Training College , qualifying in 1951 . While working as a teacher , she studied biology and zoology part-time at University College London , graduating with first class honours .
After marrying her first husband , James Gorman , whose surname she would keep throughout her life , she worked on an exchange programme in New York City . Besides teaching she ran a business selling teaching aids , Banta , and was involved in property development with her first husband .
Political career
Under her maiden name Moore , Gorman attempted to enter the House of Commons as an Independent candidate for the Conservative-held seat of Streatham in the October 1974 general election , polling 210 votes . In the same year she founded ( and later chaired ) the Alliance of Small Firms & Self-Employed People . She later sat as an elected member of Westminster City Council from 1982 to 1986 .
At 55 years , Gorman was elected to the House of Commons in the 1987 election . When she first sought the candidature for Billericay , she claimed to have been born in 1941 rather than 1931 , believing this would increase her chances . The night after she was elected she appeared on a notable edition of the Channel 4 late-night discussion programme After Dark when she `` stormed off the set '' .
In the 1990 party leadership election she voted for John Major to succeed Margaret Thatcher but four years later she was one of the Maastricht Rebels , who nearly brought down John Major 's government over the Maastricht Treaty .
In 1992 , Gorman introduced an amendment to the Representation of the People Act under the Ten Minute Rule to give two seats to each constituency , one for a male MP and one for a female . The amendment received only a first reading . She was a prominent figure in the group of Conservative rebels over European issues . In 1994 , she had the Conservative whip withdrawn for refusing to back the EC Finance Bill .
At the 1997 general election , there was a massive swing towards her opponent , but she remained an MP , with a much-reduced majority of 1,356 . Surprisingly she backed pro-Euro Kenneth Clarke in the 1997 leadership election when she was expected to back William Hague or John Redwood who she
backed two years earlier for the party leadership , describing him as `` a bad-mannered , insensitive snob whose remarks on single mothers were a disaster '' .
She tried to stand for the Conservative Mayor of London candidacy for the election in 2000 , but was blocked by the party leadership .
In February 2000 , she was suspended from the House of Commons for a month for failing to disclose on the Register of Members Interests between 1987 and 1994 three rented properties in south London and for her failure to register two rented-out Portuguese properties from 1987 to 1999 . The Commons ' Standards and Privileges committee also found she should not have introduced a Ten Minute Rule Bill in 1990 proposing the repeal of the Rent Acts without registering and declaring a financial interest .
Considered an able but maverick politician , Gorman was known for her public endorsement of hormone replacement therapy her tattooed eyebrows ( she shaved them off as a teenager and they never grew back ) and her belief that rapists should be castrated .
During the 2012 Local elections , it was reported that Gorman was supporting the UK Independence Party in her home area of Thurrock .
Gorman was a council member of the Freedom Association . She was interviewed about her membership of the association and the rise of Thatcherism for the BBC TV documentary series Tory ! Tory ! Tory ! ( 2006 ) .
Censure by the House of Commons Standards & Privileges Committee
Gorman was censured by the House of Commons Standards and Privileges Committee for a failure to declare a relevant interest and other breaches of the code of conduct .
The committee found that she failed to declare that her husband Jim Gorman owned three properties in London when she proposed the repeal of the Rents Act . Moreover , during its investigation the privileges committee MPs found she gave `` seriously misleading and inaccurate information '' , breached the code of conduct for members and improperly contacted witnesses . She subsequently announced her resignation from Parliament , although her retirement was also influenced by caring for her husband Jim , who had cancer .
Personal life
Teresa and James Gorman were married on 18 October 1952 . He died of cancer in 2008 . On her birthday in 2010 , she married Peter Clarke , a widower , who survived her until January 2017 . She had no children . In Whom 's Who ( 2014 ) she did not detail her marital status beyond `` married '' .
Gorman had Alzheimer 's disease . She died from end-stage dementia on 28 August 2015 at a nursing home in Grays , Essex , England .
Publications
Gorman , Teresa , MP , with Heather Kirby , The Bastards – Dirty Tricks and the Challenge to Europe , Pan Macmillan , London , 1993 , ( P/B ) ,
Gorman , Teresa , No , Prime Minister ! , Blake Publishing , London , 2001 , ( H/B ) ,
References
1931 births
2015 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in the City of Westminster
English activists
English women activists
Schoolteachers from London
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Members of the Freedom Association
People from Orsett
People from Putney
Place of death missing
Politics of the Borough of Basildon
UK Independence Party people
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
People with Alzheimer 's disease
Deaths from dementia in England
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Women councillors in England
Rosevine is an unincorporated community in northwestern Sabine County , Texas , United States , on State Highway 103 . In distance , it is located 10 miles northwest of Hemphill . As early as 1936 , the population was an estimated 75 residents . As of the census of 2000 , the population was estimated at 50 , with an operating fire station .
External links
Rosevine , Texas from the Handbook of Texas online .
Unincorporated communities in Sabine County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Patricia Emily Perry ( 28 June 1907 – 19 February 2008 ) was an English actress and dancer . Born in Torquay , Devon , she was best known for her recurring role as Madge Allsop , Dame Edna Everage 's long-suffering , silent `` bridesmaid '' from Palmerston North , New Zealand .
Early life and career
According to one obituary , Perry first appeared on stage at the Theatre Royal , Birmingham , at the age of four . Her father , who was an accountant , was reportedly shocked by her desire to become an actress , although he nevertheless paid her tuition fees at dance school and even permitted her to use the family home for her first audition .
Perry subsequently appeared as a singer , dancer and actress in pantomime and music halls . She played the role of Susan in The Desert Song for twelve years , and also toured in The Student Prince and The Belle of New York . During the Second World War , she performed with ENSA . Around 1960 , she founded a children 's dancing school , The Patricia Perry Academy of Dancing , based in Crystal Palace in South London , which she ran for twenty-five years before deciding to return to acting in 1984 . At that time , there was another actress named Patricia Perry , so she adopted her middle name , Emily , as her stage name .
Madge Allsop
Although the character of Madge Allsop was created by Barry Humphries during the 1960s , she was only mentioned in passing by Dame Edna and did not appear on stage until the late 1970s , when she was portrayed by the London-based Australian actress Madeleine Orr . Orr died of cancer in 1979 , so when the role of Madge was written into Humphries ' 1987 film Les Patterson Saves the World , she was portrayed by another Australian actress , Connie Hobbs . Later that year , when Humphries decided to cast `` the definitive Madge '' for his new TV series , The Dame Edna Experience , he auditioned many elderly actresses for what would be a recurring role . As he recalled , `` All of them tried too hard . Some were whimsical , some camp , but most were far too over the top to resemble an oppressed , inarticulate New Zealand spinster whom life had passed by . '' Perry herself later recalled : `` I did nothing at the audition , and I 've done nothing since . '' Humphries paid tribute to Perry in the second volume of his autobiography , ascribing her with `` the rare gift of being able to do nothing in the face of overwhelming provocation '' .
Perry 's portrayal of Madge Allsop in The Dame Edna Experience was well-received , and she subsequently reprised the role in many of Humphries ' other TV specials , including One more Audience with Dame Edna Everage ( 1988 ) , A Night on Mount Edna ( 1990 ) , Dame Edna 's Neighbourhood Watch ( 1992 ) and Dame Edna 's Hollywood ( 1993 ) . Madge became something of a cult figure – much to the apparent annoyance of Dame Edna – and appeared in a coffee commercial in the late 1980s .
In 1997 , she made a memorable appearance as Madge Allsop on a Comic Relief TV Special , in which she danced and sang `` Today I Feel So Happy '' . She was to have been accompanied on the piano by Andrew Lloyd Webber but , as he did not know the music , a member of the audience was conscripted instead , with Webber turning the pages of the sheet music . This brief performance , which represented the only time Madge Allsop spoke on camera , received a huge ovation from the studio audience . Perry 's last on-screen appearance as Madge Allsop was a cameo in the TV special Dame Edna lives at the Palace ( 2003 ) , in which the then 96-year-old actress was 'caught ' in bed with Ozzy Osbourne .
Other appearances
As an actress in her own right , her filmography is limited to her appearances with Dame Edna , except for a 1995 appearance on an episode of Last of the Summer Wine as `` Mrs. Broadbent '' . She appeared as herself in Night of a Thousand Faces ( 2001 ) .
Later life and death
Perry retired in 2004 and took up residence in Brinsworth House , Twickenham , where she died on 19 February 2008 , aged 100 .
References
External links
Dame Edna Everage – Official Website
Chortle report on death
1907 births
2008 deaths
English centenarians
English television actresses
Actors from Torquay
People from Twickenham
Actresses from Devon
Women centenarians
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Oregon , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1859 , Oregon has participated in every U.S. presidential election .
Winners of the state are in bold . The shading refers to the state winner , and not the national winner .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War .
See also
Elections in Oregon
Notes
References
Louis Stokes ( February 23 , 1925 – August 18 , 2015 ) was an American attorney , civil rights pioneer and politician . He served 15 terms in the United States House of Representatives – representing the east side of Cleveland – and was the first African American congressman elected in the state of Ohio . He was one of the Cold War-era chairmen of the House Intelligence Committee , headed the Congressional Black Caucus , and was the first African American on the House Appropriations Committee .
Early life
Stokes was born in Cleveland , Ohio , the son of Louise ( née Stone ) and Charles Stokes . He and his brother , politician Carl B. Stokes , lived in one of the first federally funded housing projects , the Outhwaite Homes . Stokes attended Central High School and later served in the U.S. Army from 1943 to 1946 . After attending Western Reserve University and Cleveland-Marshall College of Law on the G.I . Bill , Stokes began practicing law in Cleveland in 1953 . He argued the `` stop and frisk '' case of Terry v. Ohio before the United States Supreme Court in 1968 . Later in 1968 , he was elected to the House , representing the 21st District of Ohio on Cleveland 's East Side . He shifted to the newly created 11th District , covering much of the same area following a 1992 redistricting . Stokes served 30 years in total , retiring in 1999 .
Career
Stokes ' tenure in the House of Representatives included service on the House Appropriations Committee , where he was influential in bringing revenue to Cleveland . He was particularly interested in veterans ' issues and secured funds for health-care facilities for veterans in Cleveland .
In the 1970s , Stokes served as chairman of the House Select Committee on Assassinations , charged with investigating the murders of President John F. Kennedy and civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr . He served on the House committee that investigated the Iran-Contra Affair . As chairman of the House Ethics Committee , Stokes oversaw the committee 's investigation of a corruption scandal known as ABSCAM in 1979–80 , which eventually led to convictions of one senator and six House members . Recalling Stokes , U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach said : `` We were in the midst of a huge ... corruption scandal , and public service was taking a public beating . But Lou Stokes was there as a shining beacon of integrity , of excellence and most important of all for us , of justice . ''
In 1971 , he was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus .
In 1992 , Stokes ran for president as an Ohio favorite son , winning the delegates from his home district in Ohio , and then , in a minor Democratic convention drama , refused to release the delegate 's votes until the Clinton campaign formally asked for them .
Following his time in Congress , Stokes became a distinguished visiting professor at the Jack , Joseph and Morton Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western Reserve University . He actively served in this role until the time of his death .
Personal life
Stokes ' daughter , Angela , is a former Cleveland Municipal Court judge who served from 1995 through 2015 , while another , Lori , is currently Co-anchor of The 5 O'clock News and The 10 O'clock news and Anchor of The 6 O'clock News and former Co-anchor of Good Day New York WNYW Fox 5 . His son , Chuck , is also a journalist with WXYZ-TV in Detroit . Stokes ' brother , Carl B. Stokes , was the first African American mayor of a large American city . Stokes was a cousin of funk and R & B musician Rick James .
Stokes was a Prince Hall Freemason , and a member of the Cleveland Alumni chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity .
Later life and death
Stokes retired in 2012 as senior counsel in the law firm of Squire , Sanders & Dempsey , with offices in Cleveland and Washington .
On July 20 , 2015 , it was reported that Stokes had both brain cancer and lung cancer . He died on August 18 , 2015 , at his home in Cleveland from the diseases at the age of 90 . He was interred at Lake View Cemetery in Cleveland .
Legacy
The Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority opened the Louis Stokes Museum on September 13 , 2007 . This museum houses Stokes memorabilia , video interviews , miscellaneous video footage , awards and a written history about Stokes and his rise to prominence . The museum is located at Outhwaite Homes , 4302 Quincy Avenue .
From 2006 to 2008 , the Western Reserve Historical Society opened an exhibition on the lives of Congressman Stokes and his brother titled `` Carl and Louis Stokes : From the Projects to Politics '' . The exhibit uses photographs , manuscript collections , and personal items to showcase Louis Stokes ' rise from the Outhwaite homes , his legal career , and his Congressional service . The former Congressman was inducted into the Karamu House Hall of Fame in 2007 for his contributions to the continued legacy of Cleveland 's black settlement house and theatre .
Many buildings throughout the country have been named in Stokes honor including : Howard University 's medical library , the Cleveland Public Library 's main building expansion , and the GCRTA 's Windermere station Louis Stokes Station at Windermere . The greater Cleveland area Veteran 's hospital was renamed the Louis Stokes Cleveland Department of Veteran Affairs Medical Center . Building 50 on the campus of the National Institutes of Health is named the Louis Stokes Laboratories .
Congressman Stokes ' alma mater , Case Western Reserve University , offers the Louis Stokes Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Scholarship worth full tuition to an incoming first-year or transfer undergraduate student . It is intended to help economically and educationally disadvantaged students attain an education at the school .
Autobiography
Louis Stokes with David Chanoff ( 2016 ) : The Gentleman from Ohio . ( Foreword by Congressman John Lewis ) . Trillium Books , The Ohio State University Press .
See also
List of African-American United States representatives
List of Cleveland–Marshall College of Law alumni
List of members of the House Un-American Activities Committee
References
External links
History.house.gov
Western Reserve Historical Society 's website about the lives of Louis and Carl Stokes
Collections
Stokes : An American Dream on PBS 's World channel
The National Science Foundation has funded `` Louis Stokes Alliances '' to support post-secondary education of minority students .
1925 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American politicians
African-American lawyers
African-American members of the United States House of Representatives
African-American United States Army personnel
African-American people in Ohio politics
American Freemasons
American Prince Hall Freemasons
United States Army personnel of World War II
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Cleveland–Marshall College of Law alumni
Deaths from brain tumor
Deaths from cancer in Ohio
Deaths from lung cancer
Ohio lawyers
Lawyers from Cleveland
United States Army soldiers
Candidates in the 1992 United States presidential election
20th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
20th-century African-American politicians
21st-century African-American people
African Americans in World War II
Mat Croker ( born 11 September 1999 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Newcastle Knights in the NRL .
Background
Croker was born in Nabiac , New South Wales , Australia .
He played his junior rugby league for Taree City Bulls and Taree Panthers , before being signed by the Newcastle Knights .
Playing career
Early years
Croker rose through the ranks for the Newcastle Knights , playing with their Harold Matthews Cup team in 2015 , the S. G. Ball Cup side from 2016 to 2017 , captaining the side in the latter year , and finally the under-20s side from 2017 to 2019 . During those years , he also played for the New South Wales under-16s and under-20s teams . In November 2017 , he re-signed with the Knights on a 3-year contract until the end of 2020 . In 2020 , he joined the Knights ' NRL squad as one of their 6 allocated development players , as he graduated to the Canterbury Cup NSW team .
2021
In 2021 , Croker started the year without a contract but played with Newcastle 's NSW Cup squad as captain of the side . Ahead of round 13 of the 2021 NRL season , Croker signed an NRL contract with the Newcastle Knights after they lost three forwards from the last round in Tyson Frizell ( injury ) , David Klemmer ( suspension ) and Daniel Saifiti ( State of Origin selection ) . This allowed Croker to make his NRL debut for the Newcastle club against the Parramatta Eels which ended in a 40-4 defeat .
Personal life
Croker is currently the lead host and face of the 257 Collective podcast with fellow NRL players Kalyn Ponga and Connor Watson .
References
External links
Newcastle Knights profile
1999 births
Living people
Australian people of Chilean descent
Australian rugby league players
Newcastle Knights players
Rugby league players from New South Wales
Rugby league props
The northern dark newtonia ( Newtonia amphichroa ) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae .
It is endemic to northeastern Madagascar . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
It was formerly grouped with the recently described southern dark newtonia ( N. lavarambo ) as the dark newtonia . However , a 2018 study described N. lavarambo as a distinct species based on genetic and physical characteristics , and thus both were split from each other . However , some authorities such as The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World have tentatively classified N. lavarambo as a subspecies of N. amphicroa rather than a distinct species .
References
dark newtonia
dark newtonia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
West Coast Heritage Centre ( formerly known as the West Coast Pioneers Museum ) is a complex of buildings and collections in Main Street of Zeehan , Tasmania in West Coast Tasmania in Australia .
The complex and centre are currently ( 2016 ) managed by the company West Coast Heritage Limited .
History
The closure of the Zeehan School of Mines and Metallurgy in the 1960s saw the founding of the Pioneers Museum in 1964 .
The centre included seven hectares and housing over 30 themed displays and exhibit .
The components of the centre include :
Collections of the West Coast Pioneers ' Museum
The buildings of the former Zeehan School of Mines and Metallurgy
Zeehan Post Office
Zeehan Courthouse
Gaiety Theatre
Grand Hotel
Covered area of preserved railway locomotives , rolling stock and machinery
Mining explosive display
Art exhibitions and exhibits
Notes
Zeehan
Railway museums in Tasmania
Drepanis is a genus of Hawaiian honeycreeper in the subfamily Carduelinae of the family Fringillidae .
The birds are endemic to Hawaii .
Species
It contains the following species :
See also
Hawaiian honeycreepers
Endemic fauna of Hawaii
Bird genera
Bird genera with one living species
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the Australasia-Pacific region
Pakistan Adventist Seminary & College is a Christian co-educational institution of higher learning located in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The purpose of the Pakistan Adventist Seminary is to train workers to serve the church in Pakistan and beyond , as well as to prepare Christian youth for useful service to society .
It is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist education system , the world 's second largest Christian school system .
History
Pakistan Adventist Seminary & College is located 60 km west of Lahore on Sargodha Road at Farooqabad Mandi . The institution is located on of land .
Pakistan Adventist Seminary & College ( PASC ) developed from a small Seventh-day Adventist boys ' school founded in 1920 . In 1937 it became a co-educational institution with the integration of the seventh-day Adventist girls ' school . Steady growth followed as students came in from all parts of the Punjab and North West India .
In 1957 PASC started offering a 2-year junior seminary program . Later a senior seminary program was developed and the first graduates received their degrees in 1970 . The institution now incorporates the elementary school ( class 1–8 ) , high school ( class 9 and 10 ) and college , offering a two-year diploma , and 4- and 5-year degree in different disciplines .
PASC is an institution that is administered by the Pakistan Union of Seventh-day Adventists and has been a part of the Trans-European Division ( TED ) of the Senventh-day Adventists territory since 1985 but now is a part of the Southern Asia Pacific Division ( SSD ) of Seventh-day Adventists since 2011 .
In 2003 it offered FSc , Pre-medical , BBA , ICS , BA , Education , and Theology courses of discipline .
PASC Alumni Association ( PASCAA )
PASC Alumni Association was organized in 2007 by graduates of Pakistan Adventist Seminary & College upon request of the college administration . PASCAA exists to promote awareness , communication and interaction between overseas alumni and the college , and to unite graduates , former students , and friends of the college for mutual benefit and to promote the welfare and advance the interests of the college .
See also
List of Seventh-day Adventist colleges and universities
Seventh-day Adventist education
References
External links
PASC website
PASOAA website
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Christian organisations based in Pakistan
Schools in Punjab , Pakistan
1920 establishments in British India
Educational institutions established in 1920
Jasem Al-Qassar is a Kuwaiti handball player . He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
Living people
Handball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kuwaiti male handball players
Olympic handball players of Kuwait
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Awah , or Avba , is a town in Delta State , Nigeria .
Located on the shores of the Ase River in the Ndokwa East Local Government Area , it is one of the Isoko speaking communities found in the Old Aboh political division . Until the creation of Delta State in 1991 , it was formerly with the Ndoshimili Local Government Area with headquarters located in Kwale , in the defunct Bendel state .
Awah is the oldest of the communities that make up the Ibrede clan . The name Awah was derived from Awvenfor which literally means “ Let us rest ” . Oral history has it that the first inhabitants of Awah migrated from Otor-Iyede in the present-day Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State , Nigeria . The current location was the place where the group of immigrants who left Otor-Iyede during the uprising in Otor-Iyede rested but the majority of the immigrants later went their separate ways leaving Igwoma and a few others behind . It is pertinent to add that the founders of Ibrede , Iyede-Ame and Lagos Iyede , left Awah in search of greener pastures . Awah is also popularly called Otor-Ewho .
The town Awah shares a common boundary with Ofagbe , Ibrede , Iyede-Ame , Lagos-Iyede , Ogege , Ewho-Okorafor , Anyama , Iyowo and Onogboko .
The town has two major families which are Igwoma and Okwoye . The community operates both traditional institution and politico-administrative government with the highest leadership authority in the town as the Odio Ologbo while the politico-administrative government is headed by the president general and the belief system of the people is a combination of traditional worship and Christian practices .
The main economic activities of the town is agriculture ranging from cassava production , plantain , yam , starch , palm oil , fish , timber etc . The town has a primary school run by the state government and the named Uzobe after the quarter where the first immigrants of the town came from . The school was opened in 1955 .
References
Bibliography
S.U. , Omu . ( 2004 ) .Unity Among Isoko People , Leadership Perspective ; The Way Forward . Second National Convention of Isoko Association of North America Inc .
Ikime , O . ( 1972 ) The Isoko People .
`` Isoko in Nigeria '' . Joshua Project . Retrieved 14 February 2019 .
The Isoko Tribe , James W. Welch https : //www.jstor.org/stable/1155529
Welch , James W. ( 1934 ) . `` The Isoko Tribe '' . Africa : Journal of the International African Institute . 7 ( 2 ) : 160–173 . https : //www.jstor.org/stable/1155529
Isoko traditional rulers want peace in Ibrede - The Nigerian Voice Oct 21 , 2017 https : //www.thenigerianvoice.com/news/258825/isoko-traditional-rulers-want-peace-in-ibrede.html .
Populated places in Delta State
Rhie Won-bok ( born 4 October 1946 ) is a South Korean cartoonist and professor .
Education
Rhie was born in what is now Daejeon , South Korea . He studied architecture in Seoul National University , after which he studied graphic design in Münster , Germany .
Works
His comics are drawn in a simple , didactic manner , often explaining the inner workings and the psychological makeup of nations like Germany , Japan , or the United States . He does this by taking into account historical , geographic and political factors , drawing in a funny style . An English translation of `` Korea Unmasked '' , dealing with the Korean nations , was published in 2002 by Gimm-Young International . Most of his other works are untranslated and available in Korean only .
Other activities
He received the Noonsol Award in 1993 for contributions to the development of the South Korean cartoon industry .
From 1998 to 2000 he was president of the Korean Society of Cartoon and Animation Studies .
He is professor of graphic design at Duksung Women 's University in Seoul , South Korea .
Works
Rhie , Won-bok : Korea Unmasked . Gimm-Young International , 2002 .
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Daejeon
Seoul National University alumni
South Korean manhwa artists
South Korean expatriates in Germany
University of Münster alumni
Live : New York City 1982 is an album by the David Bromberg Quartet . As the title indicates , it was recorded live in New York City in 1982 . It was released by Appleseed Recordings on July 14 , 2008 .
On Live : New York City 1982 , David Bromberg and his band — Gene Johnson , Jeff Wisor , and Butch Amiot — play bluegrass and folk songs using various combinations of acoustic guitar , mandolin , fiddle , and bass guitar . The tunes are all covers , except for one original , `` The New Lee Highway Blues '' .
Critical reception
On AllMusic , Jeff Tamarkin said , `` A listen to this ambiguously titled disc — nowhere does it say exactly where in New York City or when in 1982 the live performance took place — confirms repeatedly that Bromberg was a whiz as an instrumentalist . As a vocalist , less so , but his coterie of loyalists never held that against him , and there is a charm to his ragged singing that befits the down-home-ness of the pickin ' .... Bromberg and his three support players ( wielding various acoustic stringed instruments ) keep the level of virtuosity high . ''
In the Philadelphia Daily News , Jonathan Takiff wrote , `` West Chester-based Appleseed Recordings ' latest serving is an amazing concert date by the David Bromberg Quartet , Live : New York City 1982 .... [ Bromberg ] showed such variety he proved a folk festival unto himself , leading a jumping little string band ... Sonic quality ai n't all that , but the performances are killer . ''
In The Bluegrass Special , David McGee wrote , `` No mere relic of an earlier time by a younger artist at his peak , the David Bromberg Quartet 's Live : New York City 1982 , previously available only years ago in a limited edition , has been remastered to a brilliant , pristine clarity by Marc Moss , the better to serve an evening of instrumental virtuosity alternately incendiary and sensitive , and soulful vocal meditations in blues and country .... Live : New York City 1982 captures a blessed night of music making by four gifted , deeply soulful musicians . ''
On Blogcritics , David Bowling said , `` The vocals are more than competent , but it is the instrumental interplay that is spectacular . The opening ten-minute medley gives each group member the opportunity to shine and fit their sound together . Bromberg is at home on both the mandolin and fiddle and he melds with the other members of the group creating an ebb and flow of sound . Whether it is one mandolin and two fiddles or two fiddles and one mandolin playing together , the sound is full and harmonious .... In the final analysis , Live : New York City 1982 is a feast of sound and song , mostly within a bluegrass setting . ''
On Folk and Acoustic Music Exchange , Mike Jurkovic wrote , `` Be it Bob Dylan 's as-of-then-unreleased , Desire-era country waltz `` Wallflower '' , or more traditional bluegrass fare as the rollicking `` Stay All Night '' or the classic `` Dark Hollow '' , the superior musicianship and intuitive interplay that has defined not only Bromberg solo but his band excursions are on full glorious display throughout LNYC 1982 . ''
In Green Man Review , David Kidney wrote , `` This live album has been remastered and sounds darn good . There 's some fine picking and vocalizing , and the songs are fun to listen to . It could serve as a workshop for up-and-coming pickers . Slow it down and try to play along , then gradually speed it up . If you can keep up , you 'll be much improved by the end . ''
Rambles.net said , `` This recording is exactly as advertised : guitar/mandolin/fiddle master David Bromberg 's string band ( long since extinct ) at its hottest ... As such things go , Live is a lot of fun , if not always an exercise in subtlety ... From the sound of things , all concerned — wherever they were standing in relation to the stage — were having a good time that night . I 'm not a huge fan of live albums , but this is undoubtedly among the better ones ... ''
Track listing
`` Do n't Let Your Deal Go Down '' , including fiddle tune medley – 10:21
`` Red Apple Rag '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by David Bromberg )
`` Blackberry Blossom '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` Turkey in the Straw '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` Dixie Hoedown '' ( Jim McReynolds , Jesse McReynolds )
`` Bill Cheatem '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` June Apple '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` Wallflower '' ( Bob Dylan ) – 3:25
`` Stay All Night '' ( Tommy Duncan ) – 3:15
`` Ookpik Waltz '' ( Frankie Rodgers ) – 5:38
`` When I Was a Cowboy '' ( Ralph McTell ) – 3:54
`` Dark Hollow '' ( Bill Browning ) – 5:47
`` The Creeper 's Blues '' ( Furry Lewis ) – 5:49
`` Midnight Hour Blues '' ( Leroy Carr ) – 4:44
Medley – 4:35
`` Sally Gooden '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` Old Joe Clark '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg )
`` Wheel Hoss '' ( Bill Monroe )
`` On Our Last Date '' ( Conway Twitty , Floyd Cramer ) – 5:05
`` Fairfax County '' ( David Massengill ) – 6:17
`` The New Lee Highway Blues '' ( Bromberg ) – 7:42
`` Workin ' on a Building '' ( Traditional , arranged and adapted by Bromberg ) – 4:20
Personnel
David Bromberg Quartet
David Bromberg – guitar , mandolin , fiddle , vocals
Gene Johnson – mandolin , fiddle , vocals
Robert `` Butch '' Amiot – bass , vocals
Jeff Wisor – fiddle , mandolin , vocals
Production
House engineer : Larry Droppa
Monitor engineer : David Callahan
Remastering engineer : Marc Moss
Packaging : Christina Galbiati
Liner notes : David Bromberg
References
David Bromberg albums
2008 live albums
Dracea is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of three villages : Dracea , Florica and Zlata . These were part of Crângu Commune until 2004 , when they were split off .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Margaret Ann Uyehara ( born 1958 ) was an American diplomat whose last posting , prior to retirement , was as the United States Ambassador to Montenegro . She was nominated by President Barack Obama on July 9 , 2014 , and confirmed by the Senate in December 2014 .
Early life and education
Uyehara grew up in Berea , Ohio , the daughter of Kenneth E. Yohner and Peggy L. Bush Yohner .
She was an undergraduate at Kalamazoo College in Michigan and graduated in 1981 with a Bachelor of Arts in political science . She later studied at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University
Career
After joining the Foreign Service , Uyehara served in Bamako , London , Manila , and Tokyo . She became liaison to the National Security Council for the 50th anniversary of the NATO summit . From 1999 to 2002 , Uyehara was a supervisory general services officer at the U.S. embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Uyehara was assigned in 2006 to Kyiv , Ukraine , as management counselor at the U.S. embassy . In 2008 she was named as director of the Regional Support Center at the U.S. Consulate in Frankfurt , Germany . In 2010 she became a management counselor in Vienna , Austria .
When she was nominated to become a U.S. ambassador , she was serving in Washington , D.C. as executive director of the Bureaus of European and Eurasian Affairs and International Organization Affairs .
Personal
Uyehara 's husband , Michael , is also a Foreign Service Officer , they have three sons and two daughters . In addition to English , Uyehara speaks German , French , Ukrainian and Japanese .
See also
List of ambassadors of the United States
References
External links
1958 births
Ambassadors of the United States to Montenegro
American women ambassadors
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
Kalamazoo College alumni
Living people
Obama administration personnel
United States Foreign Service personnel
21st-century American women
Monte Grammondo is a mountain in Liguria , northern Italy , part of the Alps .
Geography
The mountain is located in the provinces of Imperia in Italy and Alpes-Maritimes in France . It lies at an altitude of 1378 metres .
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA ( International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps ) the mountain can be classified in the following way :
main part = Western Alps
major sector = South Western Alps
section = Maritime Alps
subsection = ( Fr : Préalpes de Nice/It : Prealpi di Nizza )
supergroup = ( Fr : Groupe Rocaillon-Grand Braus/It : Gruppo Rocaillon-Grand Braus )
group = ( Fr : Chaîne Grand Baus-Razet-Grandmont/It : Catena Braus-Razet-Grandmont )
code = I/A-2.II-A.2
Access to the summit
Grammondo 's top can be reached on foot from Bevera valley starting from the villages of Sospel ( in France ) , Olivetta , Torri , San Pancrazio or Villatella ( Italy ) , and also from Castellar and Castillon , located in the valleys nearby Menton ( France ) .
Conservation
The Italian slopes of Monte Grammondo , along with most of the Ligurian part of Bévéra valley , belongs to a SIC ( Site of Community Importance ) called M. Grammondo T. Bevera ( code IT 1315717 ) .
References
Mountains of the Ligurian Alps
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Alpes-Maritimes
One-thousanders of Italy
One-thousanders of France
France–Italy border
International mountains of Europe
Mountains partially in France
Development is a bi-weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of developmental biology that covers cellular and molecular mechanisms of animal and plant development . It is published by The Company of Biologists . Development is partnered with Publons , is part of the Review Commons initiative and has two-way integration with bioRxiv .
In 2009 , the BioMedical & Life Sciences Division of the Special Libraries Association included Development in their list of top 100 journals in Biology and Medicine over the last 100 years .
Brief history
Originally called Journal of Embryology and Experimental Morphology ( ) and established in 1953 , the journal provided a periodical that would be primarily devoted to morphogenesis .
In 1987 , the journal was renamed Development . The journal 's full archive from 1953 is available online . Development is now a hybrid journal and publishes 24 issues a year . Content over 6 months old is free to read .
Scope and content
Development publishes original research articles and reports , techniques and resources , reviews , and primers across the spectrum of animal and plant developmental biology .
Topics covered include :
Stem cells and regeneration
Nuclear programming
Evolutionary development
Systems biology
Neurobiology
Regional specification
Morphogenesis
Organogenesis
Evolution of the developmental process
Aetiology of disease
Epigenetics
Plant development
Reproductive biology
Musculoskeletal system
The journal operates on a continuous publication model . The final version of record is released online as soon as it is ready .
Abstracting and indexing
Development is abstracted and/or indexed by :
BIOBASE
CAB abstracts
Cambridge Scientific Abstracts
Current Content
EMBASE
ISI Web of Science
Medline
Scopus
Development is a signatory of the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment ( DORA ) .
the Node
the Node is an online community that was launched by Development in 2010 . It is a place for developmental biologists to share news and information about the field . Anyone in the community can create an account and contribute .
Journal management
Past editors
Journal of Embryology and Experimental Morphology
1953–1978 : Michael Abercrombie
1979–1982 : R. J. Cole , R. L. Gardner , R. M. Gaze , P. A. Lawrence
1983–1987 : R. L. Gardner , R. M. Gaze , P. A. Lawrence , H. R. Woodland
Development
1987–2002 : Chris Wylie
2003–2009 : Jim Smith
2010–2018 : Olivier Pourquie
Since 2019 : James Briscoe
References
Developmental biology journals
Delayed open access journals
Publications established in 1953
English-language journals
Semi-monthly journals
The Company of Biologists academic journals
The Rock Band series of music video games supports downloadable songs for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions through the consoles ' respective online services . Users can download songs on a track-by-track basis , with many of the tracks also offered as part of a `` song pack '' or complete album at a discounted rate . All songs that are available to Rock Band 3 are playable in Rock Band Blitz .
Rock Band 4 was unveiled in March 2015 , and released on October 6 , 2015 .
List of songs released in 2019
The following table lists the available songs for the Rock Band series released in 2019 . All songs available in packs are also available as individual song downloads on the same date , unless otherwise noted . Dates listed are the initial release of songs on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live .
Starting from October 6 , 2015 , all music added to the downloadable content catalog is exclusive to Rock Band 4 . In addition , due to changes in the charting format and gameplay of Rock Band 4 , the released songs no longer support keyboard or Pro guitar and bass ( future downloadable content will continue to support vocal harmonies and Pro drum charts ) , and most songs no longer display `` family friendly '' or `` supervision recommended '' ratings . Downloadable content from previous Rock Band titles ( excepting The Beatles : Rock Band ) is forward-compatible in Rock Band 4 within the same system family ( Xbox 360 downloads are usable in the Xbox One version and PlayStation 3 downloads are usable in the PlayStation 4 version ) at no additional cost .
References
External links
Official Rock Band series song list - Additional information for all songs featured in the Rock Band series .
Rock Band 2019
Downloadable 2019
2019 in video gaming
( English : `` Brothers of the Shadow - Sons of Light '' ) is the tenth album by Popol Vuh . It was originally released in 1978 on Brain Records . In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track that was originally released on the remix compilation Sing , for Song Drives Away the Wolves in 1993 . The first two tracks from this album were used for the soundtrack of Werner Herzog 's film Nosferatu the Vampyre .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke , except tracks 3 and 4 composed by Florian Fricke and Daniel Fichelscher .
– 18:47
– 5:52
– 5:35
– 5:57
2006 bonus track
`` Sing , for Song Drives Away the Wolves '' – 4:15
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano
Daniel Fichelscher – electric guitar , acoustic guitar , percussion
Guest musicians
Robert Eliscu – oboe
Alois Gromer – sitar
Ted de Jong – tamboura
A church choir ensemble from Munich
Guido Hieronymus – digital instruments ( on track number 5 , 2006 bonus track )
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studio , Munich , on August 1978
Engineered by Rudolf Wohlschager , assisted by Peter Eichenseher
Produced by Gerhard Augustin for Gammarock Music
2006 edition bonus track , `` Sing , for Song Drives Away the Wolves '' , recorded by Guido Hieronymus at New African Studio in Munich on December 5 , 1992 , and produced by Florian Fricke and Frank Fiedler .
External links
http : //www.popolvuh.nl/nosferatubds
http : //www.enricobassi.it release information
http : //www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/bruder.htm
Popol Vuh ( band ) albums
1978 albums
Brain Records albums
Popol Vuh ( band ) soundtracks
Albums produced by Gerhard Augustin
The 1957 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1957 NCAA University Division football season . The Wolfpack were led by fourth-year head coach Earle Edwards and played their home games at Riddick Stadium in Raleigh , North Carolina . The team competed as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference , winning the conference title with an undefeated 5–0–1 record . This was NC State 's first conference title in the ACC , and the school 's first title since 1927 , when they were members of the Southern Conference .
Schedule
References
NC State
NC State Wolfpack football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
NC State Wolfpack football
The Delatite River , an inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment , part of the Murray-Darling basin , is located in the lower South Eastern Highlands bioregion and Northern Country/North Central regions of the Australian state of Victoria . The headwaters of the Delatite River rise on the western slopes of the Victorian Alps and descend to flow into the Goulburn River within Lake Eildon .
Location and features
The Delatite River rises in Howqua Gap , between the ski resort mountains of Mount Stirling and Mount Buller , of the Great Dividing Range . The river flows generally westwards , initially through rugged national park and state forests and , as the river descends , through more open woodlands . The river is joined by nine tributaries , passing north of the town of before reaching its confluence in Lake Eildon , an impoundment formed on the Goulburn and Delatite rivers , just east of . The river descends over its course .
Etymology
In Australian Aboriginal languages , the river is variously named Wappang , Callathera , Kalylatherer or Kay-lath-er-rer , Pappang , and Wapping with no defined meanings for each of the words .
The name of the river is derived from the name of the wife of a former local indigenous leader Beolite , the leader of the yowung-illum-baluks of the Taungurung people , in the Taungurung language .
See also
List of rivers of Victoria
References
External links
Rivers of Victoria ( Australia )
Goulburn Broken catchment
Rivers of Hume ( region )
Tributaries of the Goulburn River
Alpine National Park
Victorian Alps
Natalie Haas is an American cellist , originally from Menlo Park , California . A graduate of the Juilliard School , she has toured and recorded extensively with Scottish fiddler Alasdair Fraser . Also , she has toured and recorded with Mark O'Connor and his Appalachia Waltz Trio , and with Natalie MacMaster . She has appeared on more than 30 albums .
Haas teaches privately and at the Berklee College of Music as an associate professor in Boston .
She now lives in Montreal , Quebec , with her husband , Yann Falquet . Falquet is a member of the Quebecois folk group , Genticorum .
Haas 's sister , Brittany Haas , is also a professional musician , playing fiddle in the alternative bluegrass band Crooked Still ( currently on extended hiatus ) , with the trio Haas Kowert Tice , with the Dave Rawlings Machine , and on A Prairie Home Companion .
Discography
Syzygy 2021 with Alasdair Fraser
Ports of Call 2017 with Alasdair Fraser
Abundance 2013 with Alasdair Fraser
Highlander 's Farewell 2011 with Alasdair Fraser
Acoustic Project 2011 with Laura Cortese , Brittany Haas and Hanneke Cassel
In the Moment 2007 with Alasdair Fraser
Fire & Grace 2004 with Alasdair Fraser
Legacy of the Scottish Fiddle Vol . 2 2004 with Alasdair Fraser & Muriel Johnstone
Crossing Bridges 2004 live with Mark O'Connor 's Appalachia Waltz Trio
References
External links
Living people
American cellists
Juilliard School alumni
Women cellists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Menlo Park , California
Berklee College of Music faculty
Women music educators
Byron Andrews ( October 25 , 1852 – October 15 , 1910 ) was an American journalist for Chicago Inter Ocean and National Tribune , private secretary to U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant on his Industrial Excursions to Mexico and Cuba , a statesman , a lecturer and an author . He was a third owner of the National Tribune newspaper and publishing company in Washington , D.C .
Early life and family
Byron Andrews , B.A. , M.A. , L.H.D . was born on October 25 , 1852 , in Argyle , Wisconsin . He was the eldest child of John Cain Andrews ( born in Norwalk , Ohio ) and Sarah Wright ( born in Barlestone , England ) . His siblings were Marilla Andrews ( wife of Edward Lyon Buchwalter ) , Eleanora Andrews , Jerome Andrews and Cassian Andrews . In 1868 , his family moved to Evansville , Wisconsin . He would later marry Belle Fisk .
Education
In 1865 , the Andrews family moved to the small town , Evansville , Wisconsin , built a five-bedroom house at 262 West Church St. , for the purpose of Byron and his four siblings to attend the Evansville Seminary of Wisconsin that was established by the local Methodist church to educate students for entrance into college . After graduation in 1871 , he moved to Geneva , New York where in 1875 , earned a B.A . degree in journalism at Hobart College , now known as Hobart and William Smith Colleges . Later in 1900 he earns an honorary degree of the said college. ,
Career
Byron Andrews went directly from college to newspaper work and served as a reporter on the Chicago Daily News . Then for four years , he was the Washington correspondent of the Chicago Inter Ocean and the St. Paul Pioneer Press . In 1880 he accompanied U.S. President , General Ulysses S. Grant , on a tour through the West Indies , Mexico and Cuba as his secretary and as correspondent , of the Chicago Inter Ocean and New York Tribune . As early as 1880 , he was advertising representative for newspapers National Tribune , American Farmer and Boston Commonwealth in offices of the World Building ( aka Pulitzer Building ) in New York City . In 1884 Byron Andrews accepted the position of editor for the National Tribune of Washington , D.C. at a salary of $ 5000 a year and a percent of the profits . By 1897 became one of the three owners of the said newspaper/publishing company . He also filled many public positions of trust .
Ancestry
Byron Andrews grandparents were Thomas Browne Andrews ( born in Baltimore , Maryland ) and Mary ( Cain ) Andrews ( who immigrated from Ireland ) in 1805 to Baltimore . Moses Andrews , born in Cecil County , Maryland , was his great , grandfather whose brother was the notable Rev . John Andrews ( clergyman ) , D.D. , all direct descendants of Anthony Andrews ( High Sheriff of Rutland ) , England , father of Edward Andrews ( High Sheriff of Rutland ) .
Death
Byron Andrews died on October 15 , 1910 . He is buried at the Highland Cemetery , Fort Mitchell , Kenton County , Kentucky , USA
His publications
The Eastern Conflict ; Notes on the Russio-Turkish War.Published by Rhodes & McClure , Chicago , 1877 .
Biography of John A. Logan ; and One of the People .
Life and Speeches of William McKinley ; With a Brief Sketch of Garrett A . Hobart . :
The Facts about the Candidate , The Facts about the Candidate . Published 1904 .
The Story of Cuba ;
President Monroe and His Doctrine ;
Various historical and controversial pamphlets .
Scholarship
The Byron Andrews Scholarship Fund . A fund founded by Mrs. Belle Fisk Andrews , to provide scholarships `` For ambitious and needy students , who desire to pursue courses in English , Latin , Journalism , History , Literature or Political Science . ''
References
1852 births
19th-century American newspaper people
American newspaper journalists
Chicago Daily News people
Hobart and William Smith Colleges alumni
People from Argyle , Wisconsin
Writers from Chicago
Writers from Wisconsin
1910 deaths
People from Evansville , Wisconsin
Spider-Man is a 1977 American television superhero film that aired on CBS and had a theatrical release outside the US , which serves as the pilot to the 1978 television series titled The Amazing Spider-Man . It was directed by E. W. Swackhamer , written by Alvin Boretz and stars Nicholas Hammond as the titular character , David White , Michael Pataki , Jeff Donnell and Thayer David .
It is the first Spider-Man film by Columbia Pictures . Two sequels , Spider-Man Strikes Back and Spider-Man : The Dragon 's Challenge , were released in 1978 and 1981 , respectively .
Plot
Peter Parker ( Nicholas Hammond ) , a freelance photographer for the Daily Bugle , is bitten by a radioactive spider and discovers he has gained superpowers , such as super-strength , agility and the ability to climb sheer walls and ceilings . When a mysterious Guru ( Thayer David ) places people under mind-control - including a doctor and lawyer - to rob banks , Peter becomes the costumed hero Spider-Man to stop the crook 's fiendish scheme . The Guru then announces that he will hypnotize ten New Yorkers , chosen at random , into committing suicide unless the city pays him $ 50 million , which becomes a Daily Bugle headline `` Are You One of the Ten People ? '' . The situation becomes even worse when Peter Parker and his friend Judy are hypnotized into being two of the people to defenstrate themselves from the Empire State Building by week 's end . With some luck , Peter is able to break free of the hypnosis and then stop the Guru in his tracks .
Cast
Nicholas Hammond – Peter Parker/Spider-Man
David White – J. Jonah Jameson
Michael Pataki – Captain Barbera
Hilly Hicks – Joe `` Robbie '' Robertson
Lisa Eilbacher – Judy Tyler
Jeff Donnell – May Parker
Robert Hastings – Monahan
Ivor Francis – Professor Noah Tyler
Thayer David – Edward Byron
Len Lesser – Henchman
Norman Rice – Henchman
Production
The sequence in which Spider-Man crawls across an office ceiling and jumps to the wall was accomplished using a complex set of rigging and cables hidden in tracks in the ceiling . Stunt grips lifted stuntman/stunt coordinator Fred Waugh to the ceiling , and he then scuttled down the hallway using a slider track while the wire pressure pulled him upwards . The scene in which Spider-Man swings from building-to-building was extremely expensive and dangerous , and required two days of rigging ; to avoid having to repeat this , the stunt was filmed from multiple camera angles to create extra footage which could be used in future episodes of the TV series .
Release and reception
The film premiered on CBS on September 14 , 1977 . It received a 17.8 rating with a 30 share , making it the highest performing CBS production for the entire year . Overseas , the film was theatrically released and distributed by Columbia Pictures . In the UK particularly , Spider-Man received both a standalone release and a reissue as the first film in a double-bill with Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger . It received a VHS / Laserdisc release as a straight-to-video film in 1980 .
The film grossed at the overseas box office .
Sequels
Spider-Man Strikes Back , a composite of the two-parter episode `` Deadly Dust '' of the contemporary television show The Amazing Spider-Man , screened in European theatres on 21 December 1978 . A second sequel named Spider-Man : The Dragon 's Challenge was also made and released in Europe and Australia .
References
External links
1977 television films
1977 films
1970s action films
American television films
Spider-Man films
Films set in New York City
Films shot in Los Angeles
Television films as pilots
1970s superhero films
American direct-to-video films
Sony Pictures direct-to-video films
Columbia Pictures films
The Amazing Spider-Man ( 1977 TV and film series )
Films directed by E. W. Swackhamer
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Films based on Marvel Comics characters before the MCU
The East Germany national rugby union team was the representative side of East Germany in rugby union during the country 's existence from 1949 to 1990 .
East Germany internationals
East Germany played its first rugby international in 1951 in Bucharest against the Romanians , losing 26-64 . The East Germans played against mostly Eastern Bloc countries , but they did play Netherlands ( once ) , Sweden ( three times ) , Denmark ( twice ) and Luxembourg ( once ) . Their one-game against Luxembourg also happened to be their last , taking place shortly before the reunification of Germany in 1990 . Despite requests from its West German counterpart , the East German rugby body , DTSB , refused to permit an international against West Germany to take place and the two teams never played each other over their 40-year history .
The team did not compete in the FIRA championship but did take part in a number of four-nation tournaments : 1961 in Brno , 1964 in Malmö , 1978 , 1979 and 1983 in Bulgaria ( Varna and Nesebar ) .
GDR Coaches
The coaches of the GDR national team were the following :
European national rugby union teams
Rugby union in East Germany
Rugby
Former national rugby union teams
The Jasper Ocean Terminal ( JOT ) is a planned deepwater container port that will be built in South Carolina on the Savannah River , about downstream from Savannah , Georgia . JOT is planned to open between 2035 and 2037 . The terminal was originally planned because additional capacity was needed by both the Georgia Ports Authority ( GPA ) and the South Carolina Ports Authority ( SCPA ) . However , the SCPA transferred its half-interest in the property to Jasper County in 2021 . The GPA has until September , 2021 , to state whether it will develop the port with Jasper County officials . The SCPA cited differing markets as the main cause for pulling out of the deal .
The project has been in various stages of planning since 2007 and in 2008 the GPA and SCPA signed an early agreement to jointly build and operate the facility . However , political tensions regarding plans to dredge the river slowed progress , and little money was invested—by 2016 only about $ 10 million had spent on planning and permits . In November 2015 , the ports authorities signed an updated agreement to develop the terminal , and in late 2016 a new round of design work began , with an estimated $ 100 million cost . In January 2017 , the Army Corps of Engineers began the environmental impact statement for the dockside portion of Jasper Terminal . The total cost of building the port is estimated at $ 4.5 billion .
At full build-out , JOT will cover 1,500 acres , with ten berths . It will be dredged to a depth , able to accommodate ships carrying as many as 20,000 TEU containers , with an annual capacity of seven million TEUs . Access to the facility will be via a new four lane highways connecting to US Route 17 , and rail connections to both CSX Transportation and Norfolk Southern Railway lines .
See also
List of container ports in the United States
References
Container terminals
Transportation in Jasper County , South Carolina
Ports and harbors of South Carolina
William Golden ( March 31 , 1911 – October 23 , 1959 ) was an American graphic designer . He is best known for his work at Columbia Broadcasting System , starting in the CBS Radio promotion department ( before broadcast television existed ) and culminating in his tenure as creative director of advertising and sales promotion for CBS Television Network . Golden gained a reputation for always striving for a perfect , simple solution to the problem at hand , producing an original and distinguished design to convey the message .
Biography
William Golden was born in lower Manhattan on March 31 , 1911 , the youngest of twelve children . His only formal schooling was at the Vocational School for Boys , where he learned to photoengrave and the basics of commercial design . Upon his graduation from school in 1928 , the seventeen-year-old Golden left home and moved to Los Angeles to work for a photoengraving and lithography firm , and while in Los Angeles he also worked in the art department of the Examiner . Golden returned to New York in the early 1930s , where he worked first as a promotional designer for Hearst 's Journal American before joining the staff of House & Garden magazine , a production of Condé Nast Publications . While at Condé Nast , Golden met his wife , the graphic designer Cipe Pineles , and came to serve as an apprentice to Dr. Mehemed Fehmy Agha , art director of Condé Nast Publications .
In 1937 , Golden left Condé Nast and joined the promotion department at CBS , where he worked for three years before being promoted to art director . Golden 's design program went beyond the promotion of CBS as a radio network , producing advertisements that helped to define radio as a news medium . His ads emphasized the ability of radio to bring historic events to its audience in a way no other medium could at that time . Golden took a leave of absence in 1941 to join the Office of War Information in Washington , D.C . In 1943 , he entered the U.S. Army as a private , and served in Europe as art director of army training manuals . He was discharged from the military in 1945 with the rank of captain .
Golden returned to CBS as television was growing to become the dominant medium of communication in America . The time was ripe to define a visual style that would identify CBS to its viewers , and William Golden was the chief architect of the CBS identity . His efforts led CBS to a level of visual elegance that reflected the extraordinary taste and intelligence of the corporate leadership and , ultimately , the viewers of CBS . Toward this end , Golden employed the Didot typeface to use as the main type style for CBS promotional materials . Since the typeface was not extensively available in the United States at that time , CBS staff designers George Lois and Kurt Weihs were assigned the task of `` Americanizing '' the font , redrawing every character in the font from an enlargement that Golden provided to them .
He died on October 23 , 1959 .
Accomplishments
The CBS logo
In conjunction with the Didot typeface , Golden developed the famous CBS Eye logo . Kurt Weihs recalled that the eye was inspired by an article in Alexey Brodovitch 's Portfolio about the subject of Shaker design .
`` Among the illustrations was an eye symbol . Golden picked it up and used it for a CBS sales portfolio . Then he felt there was more to it and used it for an ad . ... We had done eyes before . Everybody had done eyes ; but this one was something that really worked . I felt the eye could have become the corporate symbol . We saw the eye as symbolizing CBS 'looking at the world ' '' ( Remington and Hodik , 72 ) .
The Eye soon came to be used in all aspects of station identification for CBS Television . Golden observed , `` . . . I am grateful that it is such a versatile thing that there seems to be no end to the number of ways it can be used without losing its identity '' ( Remington and Hodik , 74 ) .
Visual form
Early in his career at CBS , Golden 's work drew the attention of Frank Stanton , who was then the newly named head of the Research Department , and who eventually became the president of CBS . John Cowden , vice president of the CBS Television Network , recalled that Stanton and Golden `` shared a common philosophy about their work and in particular about advertising . They were both perfectionists ... animated by the conviction that the only possible way for advertising to command attention and be remembered was to present each message so distinctively that it would stand out in relief from all others '' ( Golden , Weihs , and Strunsky , 130 ) . The two men built a friendship on their shared belief in the effectiveness of good visual form and their ambition for excellence .
Because of their respect for one another , Stanton and Golden had a very productive relationship . Stanton gave Golden authority over the image of CBS , believing that design was a high priority within CBS and trusting Golden 's sense of visual form . Golden was named creative director of advertising and sales promotion for CBS Television Network in 1951 . Because of his friendship with Stanton , Golden was able to set the direction for CBS 's promotion and image . Although he frequently submitted designs to Stanton , it was understood that they were not for Stanton to approve or reject , but rather to keep him informed as to what Golden had decided to do .
`` On one occasion , a layout for a rate card , submitted to the head of Golden 's division , came back by messenger with a note saying , ' I do n't like it very much . Let 's discuss . ' Golden 's answer was to tape a drawing pencil to the corner of a large layout pad and send it back with this message scribbled across the top sheet : 'Let 's not ! Why do n't you make a better one ? ' The rate card was produced as originally designed '' ( Remington and Hodik , 74 ) .
Design and corporate decisions
Golden helped to shape corporate decisions , constantly pushing the executives to spend more on advertising the shows that demonstrated CBS 's respect for good theater , good music , and good news analysis — programs that highlighted CBS 's reputation as a responsible company . Although he was offered the position of vice president in charge of advertising and sales promotion at CBS , Golden chose to remain the creative director of advertising and sales promotion , preferring to keep firm control of the creative aspects of the CBS image rather than moving into a more administrative role . However , despite his love for creativity , Golden was keenly aware of the difference between the fine artist and the designer . Asked to define the difference between the two , Golden responded ,
`` I think the fine artist makes a personal statement about his world , and his reactions to his world . He makes it to a limited audience , or to a big audience — but it 's all his . He controls every bit of it . The advertising designer has a completely different function . He may be someone who thought he wanted to be a painter — but was n't . . . . If [ the designer is ] honest enough , he becomes a professional who can do something special . But this something special is for sale — it is communicating something that is not his own . I think the trouble comes when he tries to make it a work of art , too . I think the two are completely different things . I think a lot of designers , who are talented and intelligent do n't find this very satisfying . But they 're not going to find it more satisfying by pretending it 's something it is n't '' ( Golden , Weihs , and Strunsky , 79 ) .
So , rather than trying to make advertising into fine art , the way to attract the public 's attention to the message was to be subtle , original , and distinguished , by maintaining a clarity of vision to make a simple solution out of many design elements .
Golden 's work ethic set an entirely new standard for American design , as he developed , directed , and sustained the visual program at CBS . During his tenure as creative director for advertising and sales promotion , all of the ads , promotional materials , and other corporate design projects were of a consistently high aesthetic quality , despite Golden 's own belief that the business and marketing objectives were always of the highest importance , and aesthetic quality was secondary to these objectives . At the height of his career , Golden 's life ended abruptly at the age of 48 ; he died of a heart attack on October 23 , 1959 .
Impact
The CBS Eye
The CBS Eye is now a world-famous logo seen by millions every day . Golden 's design helped to highlight the reputation of CBS as a major outlet of world news , and symbolized CBS `` looking at the world . '' Its simplicity and versatility made it ideal for use in a variety of formats , to help build the corporate association between the Eye and CBS .
Golden designed the eye to be balanced , and used good proportions between the outer circle , the inner circle , and the white space around the `` pupil '' of the eye . In many advertisements , the white space in the design functioned as negative space while the outer and inner circles were overlaid with a photograph or still-frame from a television program . This is one way in which the simple Eye design could be used over and over to imprint the Eye into the American consciousness as a symbol of CBS , and to tie the CBS corporate identity to the programs that aired on CBS .
See ?
This photo montage ran as a full-page New York Times ad on April 13 , 1959 . In this ad , Golden selected a wide array of different images from CBS news broadcasts to show the range of topics that CBS had reported on , while simultaneously announcing that CBS had won the Peabody Award for Public Service for the third year in a row . This ad also demonstrates the use of the Didot Bodoni typeface and the Eye logo together , showing the maturity of the CBS identity .
The layout principles that Golden applied to this ad were uncomplicated but subtle . He did not try to do anything fancy with the images , such as tilting or variations in size to add interest ; rather , he laid them out in neat orderly columns in an `` office-building windows '' style , and let the images speak for themselves . By placing the copy in the midst of the images , the viewer 's eye is drawn to the white space and wording , and then to the surrounding images . The headline `` SEE ? '' ties in perfectly with the CBS Eye logo , a reminder of the idea that CBS is looking at the world and bringing world news to its audience .
Which Way In ? and Target
These two advertisements ran in Variety in 1954 and 1955 . Which Way In ? was CBS 's answer to which medium was the best format to deliver news to the public . As radio had grown in the preceding 30 years to compete with newspapers and print media , the debate arose as to whether news was more effective in visual format ( the printed page ) or in audio format ( the radio broadcast ) . CBS 's answer was that clearly television was better than both , since it was able to bring you the sound and emotion of the human voice , while simultaneously providing you images ( still photos or video clips ) that showed you the actual location of the news event . Target was an announcement of CBS 's achievement of the goal to deliver their programs to the largest audience at the lowest cost . The CBS network had been the highest-rated network for many years and had been gaining a reputation as the most effective network for advertisers to reach the largest audience . This ad was a reinforcement of that fact .
Both designs demonstrate Golden 's love for the simple solution . These designs allow a large image to dominate and use a short and simple headline to attract the reader 's attention and interest . Although Which Way In ? utilizes neither the CBS Eye nor the Didot Bodoni font , the photograph of the eye still serves as a reminder of the CBS Eye logo . The Target ad cleverly superimposes a smaller Eye inside the larger one , creating a bull's-eye effect to tie into the statement that CBS had hit its target .
William Golden 's drive for excellence and perfectionism led him to become a pioneer of American graphic design . Through the use of good visual form , his designs brought great aesthetics to the advertisements and promotional materials he produced , while still meeting the primary objective of conveying the message in a clear , elegant , and interesting way that would draw the attention of the reader .
References
Bibliography
Golden , Cipe Pineles , Kurt Weihs , and Robert Strunsky , eds . The visual craft of William Golden . New York : George Braziller , Inc. , 1962 .
Remington , R. Roger , and Barbara J. Hodik . Nine Pioneers in American Graphic Design . Cambridge , Massachusetts : Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press , 1989. .
External links
American Institute for Graphic Arts tribute
CBS site with several versions of the Eye logo .
Art Directors Club biography , portrait and images of work
1911 births
1959 deaths
AIGA medalists
American graphic designers
CBS executives
People of the United States Office of War Information
Sukhbir Singh is an Indian singer . He is often referred to as the `` Prince of Bhangra '' . His Bhangra music varied from fusion to pure Punjabi at times .
Early life
Sukhbir Singh was born in bhogpur Jalandhar , Punjab , India but moved with his family to Nairobi , Kenya , and was raised there . He spent 20 years in Nairobi . He began recording in 1991 and moved to Dubai in 1992 , where he has been based ever since .
Music
His first album . New Stylee , was recorded in Dubai and had many foreign influences . The album though , was nominated and won the 1996 Channel V Awards in three categories : Best Debut Album , Best Male Vocalist and Best Music Video ( for `` Punjabi Munde '' ) This album was followed by another , Gal Ban Gayi , and then a third called Hai Energy.Gal Ban Gayi went Platinum in 1997 .
His other album , Dil Kare , includes hits such as the title song and Nachle Soniye . The video to the song 'Girls Girls Girls ' features various Indian actresses , including Prachi Desai , Lara Dutta , Priyanka Chopra and Divya Chauhan .
Sukhbir 's Bhangra is a fusion of Bhangra with rap , techno and reggae . The juxtaposition of these musical styles is enhanced by Sukhbir 's use of original Bhangra instruments like the dhol and dholak . In Oi Triesto , his music was complemented by Spanish and Portuguese rhythms , while he also uses instruments like : tablas , congos , guitars and keyboards in his music .
He sang the song Dil laga from Dhoom 2 . He has also sung a song with Canadian band Josh . When the tsunami occurred he sang a song with Jassi Sidhu , Shin , DCS and Taz , stereo nation .
He made a guest appearance in a 2012 Punjabi Film Pata Nahi Rabb Kehdeyan Rangan Ch Raazi as himself .
He is back to singing now and his new album is Tere naal nachna .
In 2021 , he released the track 'Nachdi ' , featuring Arjun which peaked at No.4 on the Billboard Top Triller Global Charts .
Discography
New Stylee ( 1996 )
Gal Ban Gayee ( 1997 )
Hai Energy ( 1999 )
`` Ishq Tera Tadpave ( Oh Ho Ho Ho ) '' ( 1999 )
Prince of Bhangra Volume 1 ( 2000 )
Oi ! Triesto ( 1995 )
Dil Kare ( 2001 )
Sukhbir - The Greatest Hits ( 2002 )
Tere Naal Nachna ( 2008 )
Nirgun Raakh Liya ( 2009 )
Putt Sardara Da - Pata Nahi Rabb Kehdeyan Rangan Ch Raazi ( 2012 )
Ni Hogaya Re Pyar Soniye ( 2012 )
Nachle Mere Yaar ( 2012 )
Gal Ban Gayi ( Reworked by Meet Bros ) ( 2016 )
`` Oh Ho Ho Ho '' ( 2017 ) ( Hindi Medium )
Sauda Khara Khara ( 2019 ) Good Newwz
Sade Dil Vich ( 2020 ) ( Reworked by DJ Harshit Shah )
Nachdi ( 2021 )
Nachdi - Remix ( 2021 ) ( Reworked by DJ Harshit Shah )
Personal life
He is based out of Dubai with his wife Dimpy . He has a twin daughter and son .
References
External links
Sukhbir Facebook Page
Sukhbir Twitter Page
Third time lucky Sukhbir The Tribune - 18 September 1998
Living people
Bhangra ( music ) musicians
Punjabi people
Performers of Sikh music
Kenyan musicians
People from Jalandhar
Indian male singer-songwriters
Indian singer-songwriters
Indian emigrants to Kenya
Indian emigrants to the United Arab Emirates
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The foothill stipplethroat or foothill antwren ( Epinecrophylla spodionota ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Peru , Ecuador and southwestern Colombia . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
The foothill stipplethroat was described by the English ornithologists Philip Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1880 and given the binomial name Myrmotherula spodionota . It was subsequently placed in the genus Myrmotherula . The present genus Epinecrophylla was erected in 2006 .
The foothill stipplethroat has two subspecies :
Epinecrophylla spodionota spodionota ( Sclater & Salvin , 1880 ) - southern Colombia to northern Peru
Epinecrophylla spodionota sororia ( von Berlepsch & Stolzmann , 1894 ) - Peru
References
foothill stipplethroat
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
foothill stipplethroat
foothill stipplethroat
foothill stipplethroat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Jamaican blackbird ( Nesopsar nigerrimus ) is a species of bird in the New World blackbird and oriole family Icteridae . It is the only species ( monotypic ) in the genus Nesopsar . The species has sometimes been included in the genus Agelaius , but molecular systematics have shown it not be closely related to any living New World blackbird or grackle . The species is endemic to Jamaica , where it is restricted to Cockpit Country , some central areas and the Blue and John Crow Mountains .
Description
The Jamaican blackbird is a small icterid with all black plumage . It has a short tail that is often flayed ( see below ) .
Habitat
It is strictly arboreal and has a wheezing call . Pairs occupy large territories in a variety of wet montane forest types , including elfin and mist forests , that have substantial epiphytes and mosses on the trees . The Jamaican blackbird 's habitats are confined to areas of above 575m and are rarely seen in lowland areas .
Ecology
In the absence of specialised tree probers such as the woodcreepers , ovenbirds and woodpeckers ( Jamaica does have a species of woodpecker , the Jamaican woodpecker , but it is a generalist that typically feeds away from tree trunks ) , which occur in similar forests on the mainland , the Jamaican blackbird has convergently evolved to fill this ecological niche . The majority of the food taken by this species is found on the trunks of trees and their inner branches , feeding on animal prey , mostly insects , which it finds in bark or in bromeliads . It has shorter legs and longer claws that typical icterids , uses its tail for support when climbing tree trunks , both of which are adaptations to its niche , and has a longer bill and stronger jaw muscles than other New World blackbirds used for probing , spreading and hammering . It utilises a different niche from the other ( semi ) endemic icterid , the Jamaican oriole , which forages mainly in the outer branches of the trees .
Conservation
The principal threat to the Jamaican blackbird is habitat loss . There are numerous threats to Jamaican forests , including bauxite mining , charcoal production , forestry , farming and development . This species is particularly vulnerable because it is dependent on large trees which support many epiphytes . Because of these threats it is listed as Endangered by the IUCN . It is protected in the Blue and John Crow Mountains National Park , and efforts are underway to stop bauxite mining in Cockpit Country .
References
Jamaican blackbird
Jamaican blackbird
Birds of Jamaica
Endemic birds of Jamaica
Jamaican blackbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
An episodic video game is a video game of a shorter length that is commercially released as an installment to a continuous and larger series . Episodic games differ from conventional video games in that they often contain less content but are developed on a more frequent basis .
Such a series may or may not have continuity , but will always share settings , characters , and/or themes . Episodic production in this manner has become increasingly popular among video game developers since the advent of low-cost digital distribution systems , which can immensely reduce their distribution overhead and make episodes financially viable . Alternatively , it can be used to describe the narrative of the game . Examples of episodic video games include most Telltale games , Alan Wake , BioShock Infinite : Burial at Sea , Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City , Life Is Strange , Resident Evil : Revelations , Revelations 2 , Half-Life 2 : Episode One ( and Two ) and Star Trek Online .
Concept
To consumers , episodic games are very similar in nature to expansion packs . An expansion is an add-on to an original , non-episodic product however ; something of a lower order . In an episodic series there is no dominant ' '' first '' game ' : each installment , although perhaps of the same length and price point as an expansion , is a main event that drives the core experience forward . This particular aspect of this type of game underpins the developer focus on the game 's story .
In terms of the narrative framework , episodic games tend to end in cliffhangers because it serves as a tool to deploy a seamless transition . These scenes are also dramatic , drawing the interest of the players so that they anxiously await for the next installment .
Advantages
Episodic games have several advantages . A cheaper purchase price per episode leads to lower immediate risk for consumers and increased uptake . Other benefits include :
The lack of the 'safety net ' for disengaging periods provided by longer , less focused games coupled with the need to keep consumers on board for multiple release produces greater motivation for the production of quality and innovative titles .
Exposure and experience from early episodes can benefit the production quality of future releases .
Lower risk investment for the developers , as the games cost less to develop and to sell and are quicker onto the market .
Higher quality of life for developers , with more manageable , focused projects .
Faster games to market , as many high production titles often take anywhere from 2–5 years to complete - with episodic gaming , the wait time is often reduced to an annual or semi-annual basis .
Developing in smaller chunks means developers can better adapt to community feedback in between releases .
The developer gets several chances to hit the market with a lower level of risk each time , as opposed to a single chance to make good a lone product that has far more investment riding on it .
New advancements can be added to the next release .
Disadvantages
Essentially , the business model of the episodic gaming is still considered high-risk for developers due to the fact that this type of game is still new compared to traditional video games and its development , thus , entails a number of risks . Experts cite that this can be demonstrated in the limited number of successes of episodic game ventures . Specific disadvantages include the following :
After buying all episodes , the total cost for consumers may be more than that of the typical game .
Some developers choose the episodic model because they lack the resources to complete a full-length game , and hope the sales of episodes will fund further development . If earlier episodes fail to sell , then funding for future episodes may suffer or disappear , forcing developers to renege on promises of future episodes and cut storylines short . Notable episodic series that have been aborted early include Sin Episodes , Bone , and Insecticide .
Certain game designs would find it counter-productive to use this method as opposed to plainly producing a full-fledged sequel or series of titles , simply because the nature of the game is difficult or impossible to split into episodes . Examples include sandbox titles such as the GTA and Sims series .
Most episodic content is distributed primarily or exclusively over the internet , to offset the potential extra costs of distributing more physical copies to retail ( e.g . 5 hard copies for 5 chapters over 4 years as opposed to shipping a single item once ) . This is a disadvantage to consumers with limited or slow internet access , who might have to wait for a physically published collection of episodes or never get anything at all . It is particularly onerous if the game 's chapters are all available only through online systems ( e.g . Sonic the Hedgehog 4 for Wiiware/PSN/Xbox Live Arcade ) .
Some content will always need to be created up-front , for example rendering technology . This makes bespoke engine software unsuitable in its complex modern form .
A player trying to progress through a series of episodes may find the technological advances over time distracting ; in extreme cases , they may even be put off by the primitive techniques used in episodes produced years before .
Single-player episodic gaming
The first episodic game appeared in 1979 . Automated Simulations ' Dunjonquest series started with Temple of Apshai , and in the same year several mini-episodes using the same game system and world were released . The sequel Hellfire Warrior and several full-sized add-on packs for both main games followed 1980–1982 . Wizardry was likewise appended with additional scenarios that allowed importing of the first games ' save data .
Following Nihon Falcom 's 1986 expansion pack Xanadu Scenario II for the 1985 action role-playing game Dragon Slayer II : Xanadu , the fifth Dragon Slayer title Sorcerian in 1987 introduced a scenario system where the player can play through fifteen scenarios in their order of choice . Soon after , additional expansion packs were released containing a number of new scenarios . The game introduced an aging system , where one or more years pass by and the characters age during each scenario , with the additional scenario packs in mind . That same year saw the beginning of the Kroz series , a seven-part series of games featuring similar text-based graphics and gameplay , with renewed levels . These were not released on a regular schedule , but were sold in packages , with the first episode being available freely as shareware . During 1993-1994 , the Italian publisher Simulmondo published several games in bite-sized episodes , among them the comic book adaption Diabolik ( 11 Episodes ) and the original series Time Runners ( 30 Episodes ) .
Adventure games Shin Onigashima , Yūyūki , and Famicom Tantei Club series for the Family Computer Disk System were released in two disks , with both disks being separate releases but forming a single game .
Single-player games , particularly real-time strategy games and first-person shooters , have in the past experimented with a limited form of episodic gaming , by adding new stages , levels , weapons , enemies or missions with expansion packs . Early examples include Wing Commander : Secret Ops , which was released episodically over the internet in 1998 . However , this series was a failure and was discontinued after it failed to attract significant player numbers . One of the contributing factors was its 120 MB download size , which may have been prohibitively large in an age in which 56k internet access was the norm . Limitations in bandwidth have also been cited as one of the reasons for the failure of the episodic alternate reality game Majestic , as it required an initial download of an hour or more on a dial-up connection .
Another example of a more casual episodic game is Goodnight Mister Snoozleberg ! , an online game created by Sarbakan that was released in 1999 on TF1 's website , later on CBC and now available for download on Trygames . El Dorado 's Gate was a Japan-only episodic game released by Capcom in 2001 .
Kuma Reality Games has developed first-person shooter episodic games since its inception in 2003 . Some of the `` game-isodes '' that the company has developed include The DinoHunters , which documents a group of off-key time travelers hunting dinosaurs and other prehistoric beasts , and the controversial Kuma\War , which focuses on recent military action in the world , especially in Iraq and Afghanistan . Recently , Kuma Games produced a series mirroring The History Channel 's Shootout ! series . The games created were modeled on the battles featured in the TV show , adding another level of media depth to episodic gaming in general .
From to , the world 's first digital satellite radio broadcaster , St.GIGA , transmitted episodic video games with voice acted overdubs ( a technique called SoundLink ) , to be played in Japan on partner Nintendo 's Super Famicom video game console with its Satellaview peripheral . The first SoundLink title , BS Zelda no Densetsu , was released in four discrete broadcast episodes starting in August 1995 . Nintendo has said it to be the world 's first integrated radio-game .
Shining Force III is a three-part RPG released by Sega for the Sega Saturn between 1997 and 1999 . The narrative of the game was distributed through three distinct `` scenarios '' , each showing a part of the complete story .
Other games have contemplated going the route of episodic development and distribution , only to decide against it . Examples of this include Quantic Dream 's Fahrenheit , Ubisoft 's Rayman Origins , and a planned series of episodes starring Duke Nukem by ARUSH Entertainment .
Valve 's Steam platform is being used as a content delivery platform for several episodic games including Half-Life 2 Episodes developed by Valve themselves .
Telltale Games is one of the heaviest supporters of episodic gaming thus far , as well as its successor , AdHoc Studio , after its closure . Their game Bone is an adventure title that literally adapts chapters from Jeff Smith 's Bone comic book saga into game episodes on a periodic basis , with two episodes having been released . Telltale 's Sam & Max Save the World was their first fully completed episodic series , followed by Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space and Sam & Max : The Devil 's Playhouse . Other series based on various other franchises include Strong Bad 's Cool Game for Attractive People , Wallace and Gromit 's Grand Adventures , Tales of Monkey Island , Back to the Future : The Game and The Walking Dead .
Minerva is a single-player modification that has adopted an episodic development structure . It is one of the first mods to do so for Valve 's Half-Life 2 .
Turner Broadcasting 's GameTap has made large investments in episodic game development . The online game service 's first episodic game , Sam & Max , was co-published with Telltale Games . Each episode premiered on GameTap 14 days before becoming available on the Telltale Games web site . GameTap 's second foray into episodic games was monthly content deliveries for Myst Online : Uru Live an online massive multiplayer game by Cyan Worlds . In February , GameTap announced a third episodic game , Galactic Command : Echo Squad , developed in conjunction with 3000AD . Their most recently announced game , the 24 episode American McGee 's Grimm , was announced in May 2007 for an early 2008 launch . GameTap 's VP of content , Ricardo Sanchez , has written for sites like Gamasutra and GameDaily and presented at the D.I.C.E . Summit on the subject . His `` Three Laws of Episodics '' lay out rules by which GameTap determines whether a title is episodic or not , and rules out Bone and Half-Life 2 Episodes due to the unknown duration of time between episodes .
Dimps and Sonic Team created the episodic video game , Sonic the Hedgehog 4 for various formats , the first episode of which was released in October 2010 , with Episode 2 released in May 2012 . A third episode was planned , but was canceled .
Telltale 's episodic adventure games inspired Roy and Ronen Gluzman to revive their popular Israeli video game franchise Piposh with a four-part 2019 entry .
Deltarune was released in an chapter based format with Chapter 1 releasing in 2018 , chapter 2 releasing in 2021 and chapters 3 to 7 planned to be released at a later date .
Massively multiplayer online gaming
Since episodic gaming is mostly driven through linear storytelling , outside of story-driven single player games , it is mostly found in MMOGs . Much as they worked for offline games , expansion packs have often been sold to increase available content to MMOG players by adding additional worlds to explore and additional gameplay features , such as new weapons and characters .
As the term relates to this genre , episodes are typically contrasted to the traditional expansion pack , as in the Asheron 's Call franchise , where episodic content was downloaded without an additional fee ( to the standing subscription price ) . This included new expansive story arcs comparable to those found in offline RPGs and were updated on a bi-monthly basis . Retail expansion packs were still created for the Asheron 's Call games .
Another MMOG featuring an episodic design is the Guild Wars series developed by ArenaNet . The company 's business model involves releasing new , independent chapters for the game on a six-month basis . Since Guild Wars does not charge a monthly fee , and there is no requirement to own the newer chapters , it is one of the few games entirely reliant on the episodic games model to continue its service . To this end , Guild Wars Factions was released on April 28 , 2006 , which was subsequently followed by Guild Wars Nightfall , released worldwide on October 27 , 2006 , and finally Guild Wars Eye of the North on August 31 , 2007 .
See also
Gaiden
References
Other sources
Catalin Z. Alexandru [ December 2006 ] `` Episodic Gaming , fact or fiction '' . TheG33ks .
Ricardo Sanchez [ October 2006 ] `` What is episodic ? . GameDaily
Jason Kraft and Chris Kwak ( April 2006 ) `` Episodic Gaming in the Age of Digital Distribution '' . GamaSutra .
David Edery ( April 2006 ) `` In Defense of Episodic Content - A Response to the Above Article '' .
Patrick Klepek ( April 2006 ) `` Bethesda Responds To Oblivion Issues '' - Fan reaction to the Horse Armour expansion . 1UP.com
N. Evan Van Zelfden ( March 2006 ) `` Dallas Developers : Ritual '' - Steve Nix of Ritual Entertainment discusses Episodic delivery of SiN Episodes . Next Generation
Kris Graft ( August 2005 ) Micropayments . Next Generation
Ben Williamson ( April 2003 ) `` Episodic gaming '' Futurelab
Pete Rojas ( August 2002 ) `` But Serially , a Game in Episodes ? '' Wired
David Kushner ( March 2002 ) `` So What , Exactly , Do Online Gamers Want ? '' The New York Times
Video game distribution
Video game marketing
An Historical Description of Three Kingdoms : Congo , Matamba , and Angola ( Italian Istorica descrizione de ' tre ' regni Congo , Matamba et Angola ) is an extensive work written by Giovanni Antonio Cavazzi da Montecuccolo , an Italian Capuchin missionary , over a long period while working as a missionary in Angola , between 1654 and 1677 .
The work was commissioned by the Holy Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith when Cavazzi returned from his first missionary trip to Angola in 1668 . He completed a draft of the manuscript of the work around 1671 , but opposition from the Church , primarily because of many miracle stories , which had fallen out of favor in the church , prevented its publication . After an interval , the task of editing the work was given to another Capuchin , Fortunato da Alamandini , who edited it , and it was eventually published in 1687 in Bologna . A second edition appeared in Milan in 1690
Cavazzi probably began writing this work around 1660 , perhaps in response to his witnessing the conversion of Queen Njinga to Christianity , which he regarded as something of a miracle . He wrote several drafts of a work which he called `` Missione Evangelica '' which he completed in 1668 . This work , which is in the possession of the Araldi Family of Modena , Italy , was published in English translation on the internet by John Thornton , with a full introduction , and a comparison between this early manuscript and that of the eventual book .
References
Cavazzi da Montecuccolo , Giovanni Antonio ( 1687 ) . Istorica descrizione de tre regni Congo , Matamba ed Angola . Bologna : Giacomo Monti .
Translations
Labat , Jean-Baptiste ( 1732 ) . Relation historique de l'Ethiopie occidental . Paris : Delespine . 5 vols .
Saccardo , Graziano [ da Luggazano ] ( 1965 ) ed . and trans . Descrição histórica dos três reinos Congo , Angola e Matamba . Lisbon : Agência Geral do Ultramar . 2 vols .
Commentary
Cuvelier , Jean ( 1949 ) . `` Notes sur Cavazzi , '' Zaire 3 : 175–84 .
Pistoni , Giuseppe ( 1969 ) '' I manoscritti 'Araldi ' di Padre Giovanni Antonio Cavazzi da Montecuccolo , '' Atti e memorie , Accademia di scienze , lettere e arti di Mondena 2 : 152–65 .
idem ( 1972 ) . Fra Giovanni Antonio Cavazzi da Montecuccolo : Documenti inediti Modena
Thornton , John ( 1979 ) . `` New Light on Cavazzi 's Seventeenth Century Description of Kongo , '' History in Africa 6 : 253–64 .
Notes
African travel books
History books about Africa
Harold William `` Joe '' Bauer ( November 20 , 1908 – November 14 , 1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps air group commander , fighter pilot and flying ace credited with destroying 11 Japanese aircraft during World War II . He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions as a fighter squadron commander during the crucial struggle for the control of the Solomon Islands at the Battle of Guadalcanal .
Early years
Harold William Bauer was born in Woodruff , Kansas on 20 November 1908 and grew up in North Platte , Nebraska . He was the son of the Volga German immigrants and had two brothers and two sisters . In high school , he played football , track and baseball .
Military career
Early career
Bauer entered the United States Naval Academy in 1926 and was appointed a Marine second lieutenant upon graduation in 1930 . Bauer 's two younger brothers also followed him into the Academy . Following his commissioning , Bauer attended the Officers Basic School at Quantico , Virginia . He was then assigned as a company officer with the 1st Battalion , 6th Marines at Quantico .
In 1932 , he became assistant basketball and lacrosse coach at the Naval Academy and an instructor in marksmanship , until his assignment to the San Diego Naval Base , where he was the Assistant Range Officer . He was promoted to first lieutenant on 29 May 1934 .
He was then assigned to the Naval Air Station Pensacola , Florida , in December 1934 where he earned his wings of gold as a naval aviator in February 1936 . He was promoted to captain on June 30 , 1937 and served with several squadrons at Quantico including Marine Scouting Squadron 1 ( VMS-1 ) and Marine Fighting Squadron 1 ( VMF-1 ) . Bauer was transferred to the Naval Air Station San Diego , California , in June 1940 where he served as executive officer of VMF-221 . While stationed at San Diego , he participated in carrier group exercises on the and . The 7 December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor found Bauer and VMF-221 preparing to embark aboard the Saratoga for transport to Hawaii .
World War II
Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , Bauer and VMF-221 were transported to Hawaii and were slated to reinforce Wake Island , but were diverted to Midway after Wake fell . Transferred to Hawaii in February 1942 , Bauer took command of VMF-211 , stationed at Marine Corps Air Station Ewa , and on 1 March 1942 commissioned and took command of VMF-212 . Promoted to major on 29 April 1942 , Bauer and VMF-212 were deployed to the South Pacific and were stationed at New Caledonia , and later Efate , Vanuatu . Although still the commanding officer of VMF-212 , Bauer was also responsible for the operation of the airfield the squadron operated from and was utilized to select possible sites for additional airfields in the South Pacific . Bauer 's promotion to lieutenant colonel , after only three months as a major , was effective 7 August .
On 28 September 1942 , Bauer performed the first feat cited for the Medal of Honor . His squadron was attacked by a superior force of Japanese planes . He engaged the enemy and shot down one of their bombers . Again attacking a superior force on 3 October 1942 , he shot down four of the enemy and left a fifth badly damaged .
While leading a reinforcement flight on 16 October 1942 , from Espirito Santo , Vanuatu to Guadalcanal , away , Bauer was about to land at Henderson Field when he noticed a squadron of Japanese planes attacking the USS McFarland ( AVD-14 ) offshore . Though the long flight from Espirito Santo had almost exhausted his fuel and he knew no friendly planes were able to assist him , he immediately proceeded alone to attack the enemy and succeeded in destroying four of them before lack of gasoline forced him to return to Henderson Field .
On 14 November 1942 , he was shot down over water after downing two enemy aircraft in an attack off Guadalcanal . He was seen in the water in his Mae West water flotation device as light was fading . He did not appear to be seriously hurt . The following morning began days of intense searching by planes and Russell Island natives , but no further trace of him was found .
The squadron under his command at Guadalcanal was officially credited with downing 92 Japanese planes and helping to sink two destroyers . Lieutenant Colonel Bauer was commended for his action in the South Pacific by commanders of Army , Navy and Marine Corps units including Admiral William F. Halsey , Jr. , then Commander of the South Pacific Area and South Pacific Force .
Bauerfield International Airport in Port Vila , Vanuatu is named in his honor .
Medals and decorations
Bauer 's medals and decorations include :
Medal of Honor citation
The President of the United States takes pride in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR to
for service as set forth in the following CITATION :
For extraordinary heroism and conspicuous courage as Squadron Commander of Marine Fighting Squadron TWO TWELVE in the South Pacific Area during the period May 10 to November 14 , 1942 . Volunteering to pilot a fighter plane in defense of our positions on Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands , Lieutenant Colonel Bauer participated in two air battles against enemy bombers and fighters outnumbering our force more than two-to-one , boldly engaged the enemy and destroyed one Japanese bomber in the engagement of September 28 and shot down four enemy fighter planes in flames on October 3 leaving a fifth smoking badly . After successfully leading twenty-six planes in the over-water ferry flight of more than six hundred miles on October 16 , Lieutenant Colonel Bauer , while circling to land , sighted a squadron of enemy planes attacking the . Undaunted by the formidable opposition and with valor above and beyond the call of duty , he engaged the entire squadron and , although alone and his fuel supply nearly exhausted , fought his plane so brilliantly that four of the Japanese planes were destroyed before he was forced down by lack of fuel . His intrepid fighting spirit and distinctive ability as leader and an airman , exemplified in his splendid record of combat achievement , were vital in the successful operations in the South Pacific Area .
/S/FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
Notes
References
External links
1908 births
1942 deaths
United States Marine Corps personnel killed in World War II
American World War II flying aces
American people of German-Russian descent
Aviators from Kansas
People from Phillips County , Kansas
People from North Platte , Nebraska
United States Marine Corps Medal of Honor recipients
United States Marine Corps colonels
United States Marine Corps pilots of World War II
United States Naval Academy alumni
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Quantico Marines Devil Dogs football players
Quantico Marines Devil Dogs football coaches
Aviators killed by being shot down
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
Apotomis sororculana is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in most of Europe , and in the eastern part of the Palearctic realm .
The wingspan is 17–20 mm .
The forewings are narrower than in Apotomis betuletana , white , sometimes
partly ochreous- tinged , posteriorly with thick grey striae . The basal patch , central fascia , and the included space are brown much spotted with black , somewhat mixed with white , especially on space towards costa > The posterior edge of the fascia slightly concave , with two prominences on lower half . There is a brown terminal streak from apex , preceded by several black dots . The hindwings are light grey , darker terminally . Julius von Kennel provides a full description .
Adults are on wing from May to July .
The larvae feed on Betula species . They live between two leaves spun together .
References
Olethreutini
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Nizhnepauninskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 112 as of 2002 .
Geography
Nizhnepauninskaya is located 23 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Filimonovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Dariganga ( Mongolian : Дарьганга ) are an eastern Mongol subgroup who mainly live in Dari Ovoo and Ganga Lake , Sukhbaatar Province .
It is believed that the Dariganga were resettled by the Qing Dynasty from Chahar , Khalkha and Ööled to herd horses of the Emperor in the late 1690s .
From 1912 on , a Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Boghda Khaanate of Mongolia supervised them . And the People 's Republic of Mongolia changed their banner system in 1921 . After many reforms in Mongolian administration structure , the Dariganga people have lived in the sums : Dariganga , Naran , Ongon , Khalzan , Asgat and Bayandelger of Sukhbaatar Province since 1691 .
References
Mongols
Ethnic groups in Mongolia
Khalkha
George Warrender may refer to :
Sir George Warrender , 1st Baronet ( c. 1658–1721 ) , Lord Provost , Member of Parliament for Edinburgh
Sir George Warrender , 4th Baronet ( 1782–1849 ) , Member of Parliament for Haddington Burghs , Truro , Sandwich , Westbury and Honiton
Sir George Warrender , 7th Baronet ( 1860–1917 ) , Vice-Admiral in the British Royal Navy
SM UB-123 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy ( ) during World War I . She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 6 April 1918 as SM UB-123 .
She torpedoed and sunk a vessel operated by the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company on 10 October 1918 , shortly after the new parliamentary based German Government under Max von Baden had asked U.S. President Woodrow Wilson to negotiate an armistice .
Leinster went down just outside Dublin Bay . Over 500 people perished in the sinking – the greatest single loss of life in the Irish Sea .
UB-123 struck a mine at the North Sea Mine Barrage on 19 October 1918 , all 36 crew members died in the event .
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction , launched at Bremen on 2 March 1918 . UB-123 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S . Robert Ramm . Like all Type UB III submarines , UB-123 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun . UB-123 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-123 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged . Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged .
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen ( state )
U-boats sunk in 1918
Maritime incidents in 1918
U-boats sunk by mines
World War I shipwrecks in the North Sea
Ships lost with all hands
Eleni Zongolopoulou ( née Paschalidou , Istanbul , 1909 - Athens , 1991 ) was a Greek painter . During her artistic career she followed the movements of Expressionism , Fauvism , Cubism and Abstract art . She was wife of the sculptor George Zongolopoulos .
Childhood and education
She was born in 1909 in Moda , a neighbourhood of Kadıköy , Istanbul . Her father , Konstantinos Paschalidis , was a businessman and her mother , Despina Pappa - Paschalidou , was a doll maker . She was brought up in an bourgeoisie family environment with her sisters Danae Nikolaidi , Lili Paschalidou-Theodoridou , and Alexandra Paschalidou-Moreti . She attended the Zappeion School for Girls and by the time she completed her Gymnasium studies she had already decided to follow a career as a professional painter . She also learned three foreign languages ( French , Italian and English ) .
In 1922 her family left Istanbul and moved first to Bulgaria , then soon after to Thessaloniki and finally to Athens , where they settled permanently in 1925 . In 1928 , she enrolled in the Athens School of Fine Arts where she studied drawing under the famous Greek painter Konstantinos Parthenis .
In 1933 Paschalidou met Giorgos Zongolopoulos , a sculptor from Athens and friend of her teacher , Parthenis . They were married in 1936 and lived together in the Athenian suburb of Psychiko until Eleni 's death in 1991 . According to Zongolopoulos himself , Eleni was the most important thing I 've had in the world . Although the couple was married for almost 60 years they were childless by their own choice .
Career
In 1933 Zongolopoulou participated in a group exhibition along with other fellow students from the ASFA including Yiannis Moralis and Lazaros Lameras . Three years after , she participated at the sixth exhibition of the art group Ομάδα Τέχνη ( Group Art ) , which was founded for the promotion of modernism in Greek art . The same year she took part in the International Exposition of Paris where she was awarded with the silver medal . During her stay in Paris she examined El Greco 's paintings and she was deeply influenced by Pablo Picasso 's work , which led her toward creative abstractivism . In 1939 she took part in the International Exhibition of New York , where she was honoured for her participation as a member of the Greek pavilion .
In 1949 she moved to France with her husband and she studied at André Lhote 's School in Paris . Her first individual exhibition was held at `` Romvos '' Gallery in Athens , in 1951 . Two years later she received a scholarship from the Greek National Scholarships Foundation and thus she continued her studies in drawing in the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze . She also made educational travels in Spain , England and France . During that period Paschalidou - Zongolopoulou focused on abstract and aniconic drawings . In 1973 Zongolopoulos couple bought a studio in Paris in order to live in the center of contemporary art trends as well as to closely follow the movements in the Arts .
Paschalidou-Zongolopoulou participated in all the Pan-Hellenic Exhibitions up to 1965 . She also took part in solo as well as group exhibitions until 1986 . She was an active member of the Société Européenne de Culture in Venice from 1956 as well as a teacher of younger Greek artists like Kostas Paniaras . Her works can be found in many private and public collections in Greece , Europe , U.S.A. and Israel . Indicatively in Greece her works are at the Athens Public Library , the Ministry of Education , the National Bank of Greece , and the Vorres Museum . Some of her most important art works in Greece are her wall paintings for the railway station of Korinthos ( 1955 ) and for the Medical School of the University of Athens ( 1961 ) .
She died on February 16 , 1991 , in Athens .
Individual exhibitions
1951 `` Romvos '' Gallery , Athens .
1955 `` Ilissos '' Venue , Athens .
1962 Doxiadis Institute .
1962 Macedonian Art Company `` Art '' , Thessaloniki .
1962 Athens Technological Institute .
1964 « Il Canale » Gallery , Venice .
1966 « Motte » Gallery , Paris .
1969 Venue Κ.Τ.Ε . ( Centre of Technological Applications ) , Athens .
1976 `` Charitos '' Gallery , Athens .
1977 « Motte » Gallery , Geneva .
1981 `` Nees Morfes '' Gallery , Athens .
1987 Art Venue `` Epipeda '' .
Participation in exhibitions
1937 6th Exhibition `` Omas Art '' , Art pavilion , National Exhibition of Thessaloniki , Thessaloniki .
1940 Venue of Arts and Culture , Athens .
1946 Stockholm .
1947 London .
1955 Cairo Art Biennale .
1955 International Exhibition of Alexandria , Egypt .
1958 French Institute , Athens
1958 Collective Exhibition in U.S.A .
1959 Creuse Gallery , Paris .
1961 « Nees Morfes » Gallery , Athens .
1962 Besabel Museum , Jerusalem .
1962 « Zigos » Gallery , Athens .
1963 National Museum of Moscow .
1964 Antwerp .
1964 Tunis .
1966 Greek-American Union , Athens .
1968 Athens Art Venue Hilton .
1974 Salon des Réalités Nouvelles , Paris .
1975 « Numera » Gallery , Venice .
1977 Fiamma Vico Gallery , Venice .
1980 Biennale Cairo .
1981 SIST , Athens .
1982 Comparaisons , Grand Palais , Paris .
1982 Audiovisuel , Paris .
1982 Art Venue « Epipeda » , Athens .
1982 Mantes la Jolie , Paris .
1984 Comparaisons , Grand Palais , Paris .
1985 Audiovisuel , Paris .
1985 Mantes la Jolie , Paris .
1986 Comparaisons , Grand Palais , Paris .
1986 Salon de Mai , Grand Palais , Paris .
References
External links
George Zongolopoulos Foundation , Archive
1909 births
1991 deaths
20th-century Greek painters
Greek women painters
20th-century Greek women artists
Constantinopolitan Greeks
Emigrants from the Ottoman Empire to Greece
People from Kadıköy
Artists from Istanbul
Artists from Athens
Island Venture is an American old-time radio adventure drama . It was broadcast on CBS from November 8 , 1945 , until June 20 , 1946 .
The program originated at WBBM in Chicago , Illinois , replacing The First Line ( 1942-1945 ) , which focused on the work of the U.S. Navy during World War II .
Island Venture dramatized the adventures of ex-Navy pilot Gil Perry as he operated the Inter-Island Air Service , based on Ilopan island in the Central Pacific . Episodes also featured Trigger Brett , Berry 's partner ; Chula , a big shot ; Mendoza , who owned a cargo line , and Mendoza 's daughter . In February 1946 , the character of Nancy Goodwin was added as both the operator of a competing air service and as a romantic interest for Perry .
The cast featured Jerry Walter as Perry , Hugh Rowlands as Brett , Clare Boreum as Mendoza , Willard Waterman as Chula , and Jane Webb as Mendoza 's daughter . Others often heard were Norman Gottschalk , Jonathan Hole , and Ken Nordine .
Island Venture was sponsored by Wrigley gum .
References
External links
Logs
Partial log of episodes of Island Venture from radioGOLDINdex
Streaming
Episodes of Island Venture from Dumb.com
Episodes of Island Venture from Old Radio Programs
Episodes of Island Venture from Old Time Radio Researchers Group Library
1945 radio programme debuts
1946 radio programme endings
1940s American radio programs
CBS Radio programs
Fictional aviators
The Dock of the Bay is the first of a number of posthumously released Otis Redding albums , and his seventh studio album . It contains a number of singles and B-sides dating back to 1965 , as well as one of his best known songs , the posthumous hit `` ( Sittin ' On ) The Dock of the Bay '' . Recording of the album finished just two days before Redding 's death in a plane crash on December 10 , 1967 . In 2003 , the album was ranked number 161 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , maintaining the rating in a 2012 revised list .
Track listing
Personnel
Otis Redding – vocals
Booker T. Jones – keyboards , piano
Isaac Hayes – keyboards , piano
Steve Cropper – guitar
Donald Dunn – bass guitar
Al Jackson Jr. – drums
Wayne Jackson – trumpet
Joe Arnold – tenor saxophone
Carla Thomas - vocals on `` Tramp ''
Charts
Album
Singles
Certifications
References
External links
Album Lyrics
Otis Redding albums
Albums produced by Steve Cropper
Compilation albums published posthumously
1968 compilation albums
Atco Records compilation albums
Stax Records compilation albums
Neo Geo is a 1987 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto . The term `` neo geo '' , or `` new world '' , is derived from Sakamoto himself as a way to describe worldwide musical diversity in regard to genre ( similar to world music and world beat ) .
The track `` Risky '' featuring Iggy Pop on vocals was released as a single with another track from Neo Geo `` After All '' as the B-side . The music video for `` Risky '' was directed by Meiert Avis and was released in two different versions to accompany the 7 '' and 12 '' extended version of the song . The latter contains scenes of female nudity .
Track listing
Personnel
Performers
Ryuichi Sakamoto – keyboard , piano , computer
Yukio Tsuji – shakuhachi , gayageum
Iggy Pop – vocals ( 3 )
Kazumi Tamaki – vocals
Misako Koja – vocals
Yoriko Ganeko – vocals
Bill Laswell – bass
David Van Tieghem – percussions
Bootsy Collins – bass
Emmett Chapman – Chapman stick
Tony Williams – drums
Sly Dunbar – drums
Eddie Martinez – guitar
Haruo Kubota – guitar
Lucia Hwong – pipa
Technical
Jason Corsaro – mixing
Clive Smith – programmer
Jeff Bova – programmer
Charts
References
1987 albums
Ryuichi Sakamoto albums
Albums produced by Bill Laswell
Albums produced by Ryuichi Sakamoto
Lupe Inclán ( 1895–1956 ) was a Mexican actress , which became very popular in Mexican Carpa Theatrical plays . She was also known for movies , mainly acting in supporting comic roles . She was known as one of the most prominent Mexican actresses interpreting village women in the 20th century .
Biography
Early life
Lupe Inclán was born in 1895 , in the family of María de Jesús Delgado and Miguel Inclán García , which both ran a travelling theater company . Moreover , her brother Miguel Inclán also became a very renowned Mexican actor , known for his roles portraying villains .
In 1920 , Lupe had two twin daughters , both of which followed her mother 's path and became theatrical actresses . Gloria Alicia , one of the daughters , later became the mother of Rafael Inclán , another prominent Mexican actor , who won the Ariel Award .
Theatrical Debut
Lupe Inclán officially debuted on 31 December 1919 with the play `` 19–20 '' . Unfortunately , the play was controversial , since it depicted acts of the former president and the audience reacted poorly , resulting in the closure of the forum . After the failure of her debut , Inclán started working in companies and troupes of Carmen Martínez , the Tarazona brothers and de Julio Taboada , all well-known actors .
Film Debut
She made her movie debut in the early 1940s . Lupe mainly acted in supporting roles alongside comedians and great stars of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema . Her more influential and major roles include :
María Candelaria ( 1944 ) , by Emilio `` Indio '' Fernández ,
Capullito de alhelí ( 1945 )
Allá en el Rancho Grande ( 1949 )
El niño perdido ( 1947 )
Soy charro de levita ( 1949 )
La marca del zorrillo ( 1950 )
El revoltoso ( 1951 )
Awards
Ariel Awards
References
1895 births
1956 deaths
Anu Valia is an American television and film director , writer , actress , and producer best known for writing and directing the short film Lucia , Before and After , which won the 2017 Sundance Film Festival Short Film Jury Award .
Early life and education
Anu Valia was born to a Sikh family in Indiana and grew up in the Greater Chicago area , specifically in the town of Schererville , Indiana . Valia studied dance from age 5 , and in high school organized a charity dance performance to support people with HIV/AIDS . After graduating from Morgan Park Academy in 2006 , Valia went to school New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts .
Career
From 2011 to 2013 , Valia served as a producer at College Humor , appearing as herself in several videos and earning a nomination for a Webby Award .
Valia wrote and directed the short film Lucia , Before and After , about a young woman waiting to have an abortion in Texas . The film won the 2017 Sundance Film Festival Short Film Jury Award . In 2018 , Valia joined the Los Angeles production company Majority , which works to create opportunities for female directors .
She has directed episodes of shows including Never Have I Ever , Mixed-ish , Awkwafina Is Nora from Queens , Love Life , A.P . Bio and And Just Like That ... Additionally , Valia served as a story producer for the television adaptation of My Brother , My Brother and Me .
In July 2020 , Valia , who is of Indian descent , was announced as a mentor in the inaugural year of a mentorship program connecting aspiring talent of South Asian descent in the television and film industry with actors , writers , and leaders who could mentor them in Hollywood .
In December 2020 , Marvel Studios announced that Valia will be directing episodes of the Disney+ streaming series She-Hulk : Attorney at Law set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for a 2022 release .
References
External links
( personal website )
American film directors of Indian descent
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Brachinus berytensis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria , Cyprus , and Greece . It can also be found in the Near Eastern countries such as Armenia , Turkey ( more precisely , Asia Minor ) , Israel , Lebanon , and Syria . The species look similar to Brachinus bombarda .
References
Beetles described in 1855
Beetles of Asia
Beetles of Europe
Brachininae
Carenum tibiale is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1894 .
References
tibiale
Beetles described in 1894
Korkyra ( also Corcyra ; ) was an ancient Greek city on the island of Corfu in the Ionian Sea that is adjacent to Epirus . It was a colony of Corinth that was founded in the Archaic period . According to Thucydides , the earliest recorded naval battle took place between Korkyra and Corinth , roughly 260 years before he was writing , and thus in the mid-7th century BC . He also writes that Korkyra was one of the three great naval powers in 5th-century BC Greece , along with Athens and Corinth .
The antagonism between Korkyra and its mother city , Corinth , appears to have been an old one . Quite apart from the naval battle that Thucydides mentions , Herodotus records a myth involving the tyrant of Corinth , Periander . Periander was estranged from his younger son , Lycophron , who believed that his father had killed his mother , Milissa . After failing to reconcile with Lycophron , he sent him to Korkyra , which was within Corinth 's governance . In his old age , Periander sent for his son to come and rule over Corinthn and suggested that they would trade places and he would rule Korkyra while his son came to rule Corinth . To prevent that , the Korkyraeans killed Lycophron . In punishment , Periander captured 300 young men of Korkyra with the intention of castrating them . That is more likely to be a myth explaining the animosity between Corinth and Korkyra and justifying the use of the word tyrant for Periander 's rule than an actual historical event .
Persian War
During the Persian War of 480 BC , Greek envoys were sent to Korkyra requesting aid . Korkyra enthusiastically promised ships and fitted out 60 of them , but they failed to arrive in time for the Battle of Salamis . Herodotus ascribes that to a desire among the Korkyraeans to remain neutral and thus not to support the losing side . The excuse given for failing to join the battle was unfavourable winds , but Herodotus says that had the Persians been victorious , the Korkyraeans would have claimed to have deliberately avoided the battle to gain favour from the invading Persians .
Peloponnesian War
Writing between 431 and 411 BC , Thucydides credited Korkyra 's conflict with Corinth over their joint city Epidamnus as a significant cause of the Peloponnesian War . Korkyra , otherwise neutral as far as the two major powers , the Delian League and the Peloponnesian League , were concerned , appealed to Athens , the head of the Delian League , for assistance against Corinth , which belonged to the Peloponnesian League .
In 427 BC , during the Peloponnesian War , there was a civil war in Korkyra between the democrats , who wished to remain in an alliance with Athens , and the aristocrats , who claimed that they were being enslaved to Athens and wished to form an alliance with Corinth . The democrats won with the help of Athenian ships and subsequently slaughtered those they suspected of being an enemy .
4th century BC
Around 375 BC , a Peloponnesian fleet , under the command of Mnesippus , attacked Korkyra . After the siege , the resident Korkyraeans , suffering from hunger , deserted , were sold as slaves or were later put to death by Mnesippus .
Hellenistic Period
During the Hellenistic Period , Korkyra changed hands several times . In 303 BC , after a vain siege by Cassander of Macedon , the island was occupied for a short time by Lacedaemonian General Cleonymus of Sparta and then regained its independence . Three years later , Cassander besieged it again , but his fleet was destroyed by an intervention of Agathocles of Syracuse . The tyrant of Syracuse added the island to his own domains and in 295 BC offered it as a dowry to his daughter Lanassa on her marriage to Pyrrhus , King of Epirus . When Lanassa left Pyrrhus in 291 BC , she tried to transfer Korkyra to her next husband , King Demetrius Poliorcetes of Macedon , but in 274 BC , Pyrrhus 's son Ptolemy recovered Korkyra for his father .
Korkyra remained a member of the Epirote League until 255 BC , when it regained independence after the death of Alexander II , last King of Epirus . In 229 BC , after a Greek defeat in the naval Battle of Paxos , the city briefly suffered a occupation by Illyrians , under the command of Demetrius of Pharos . Polybius wrote on the background of the incident in that same year : `` When the season for sailing had come , [ Queen ] Teuta sent out a larger fleet of [ piratical ] galleys than ever against the Greek shores , some of which sailed straight for Corcyra .... '' Another part of the fleet that had sailed for Epidamnius was repulsed went also `` there , to the terror of the inhabitants , they disembarked and set about besieging the town ... the Corcyreans ... sent off envoys to the Achaean and Aetolian leagues , begging for instant help ... ten decked ships of war belonging to the Achaeans were manned ... fitted out in a few days , set sail for Corcyra in hopes of raising the siege . '' However , `` the Illyrians obtained a reinforcement of seven decked ships from the Acarnanians '' engaging off the island of Paxi . They bested the Achaeans , capturing four ships and sinking one ; the remaining five ran back home . `` The Illyrians , on the other hand , filled with self-confidence by their success , continued their siege of [ Corcyra ] in high spirits ... while the Corcyreans , reduced to the despair of their safety by what had happened , after sustaining the siege for a short time longer , made terms with the Illyrians , consenting to receive a garrison , and with it Demetrius of Pharos . ''
The Roman Republic intervened almost immediately by sending one of the consuls to relieve the island . At the end of the First Illyrian War , Korkyra was declared a free city and transformed into a Roman protectorate , which de facto ended the independence of the polis . Around 189 BC it was governed by a Roman prefect , presumably nominated by the consuls , and in 148 BC , it was attached to the province of Macedonia .
See also
List of ancient Greek cities
List of cities in ancient Epirus
References
Corinthian colonies
Cities in ancient Epirus
Former populated places in Greece
Populated places in ancient Corcyra
History of Corfu ( city )
Oberteich ( German for Upper Pond ) may refer to :
German name for the Upper Pond ( Kaliningrad ) , Russia
German name of Stawnica , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , Poland
pond in Schönberg , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany
pond near Stendorfer See , Schleswig-Holstein , Germany
German words and phrases
Abdullah Al-Qena ' i is a Kuwaiti handball player . He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
Living people
Handball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kuwaiti male handball players
Olympic handball players of Kuwait
Year of birth missing ( living people )
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Bondi on 6 November 1965 because Abe Landa ( ) resigned to accept the position of Agent-General for New South Wales in London . This position was usually a sinecure for retiring members of the ruling party but Premier Robert Askin offered it to Landa to force his resignation from parliament and cause a by-election with the hope of increasing his government 's small majority . Landa 's acceptance of the position resulted in his expulsion from the Labor Party .
Dates
Results
|- style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ''
! colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |After distribution of preferences
Preferences were not distributed to completion.Abe Landa ( ) resigned to accept the position of Agent-General for New South Wales in London .
See also
Electoral results for the district of Bondi
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1965 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1960s in New South Wales
November 1965 events in Australia
Andrea Seculin ( born 14 July 1990 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Modena .
Club career
Early career
Born in Gorizia , Venezia Giulia , Seculin started his career in Pro Romans of Romans d'Isonzo . He received a call-up to Friuli – Venezia Giulia Allievi representative team in 2005 , for Coppa Nazionale Primavera , an event that 19 Italian regions against each other . Friuli – Venezia Giulia finished as the 12th place .
He then left for FC South Tyrol and played in Berretti under-20 team , the top level of youth leagues for Lega Pro clubs .
Fiorentina
In January 2008 he was signed by Tuscany club Fiorentina , for €300,000 on a -year contract . Seculin immediately entered the Primavera under-20 team ( Lega Calcio version of Berretti league ) , taking the starting role from Edoardo Pazzagli . Seculin finished as losing semi-finalists in 2008 playoffs round . Seculin also played in quarter-finals and Pazzagli played in the two leg of the round of 16 . Seculin was the starting keeper in the `` spring '' in the 2008–09 season and was the fourth keeper of the first team . However , he was not eligible to the list B of 2008–09 UEFA Champions League , in which Matteo Bacciosi became the fourth keeper in UCL instead . Primavera team did not qualify for the playoffs round in the 2008–09 season . In summer 2009 Seculin signed a new five-year contract with La Viola which ended on 30 June 2014 .
Seculin also entered 2009–10 UEFA Champions League squad as the third keeper in the 22-man senior squad , replacing the left of Marco Storari . That season la Viola had Sébastien Frey and Vlada Avramov as first choice and backup . With youth team , the spring did not qualify again in 2009–10 season .
Since the signing of Artur Boruc in 2010–11 Serie A , he became the fourth keeper of the first team ( or third not counting injured Frey ; ahead Marcos Miranda and Tommaso Scuffia ; in January became fifth after signing Neto ) and as an overage player of the youth team , finished as the runner-up of 2011 Torneo di Viareggio , winning 2011 Coppa Italia Primavera . He also finished as the semi-finalists of the playoffs round of the youth league .
Seculin was awarded no . 33 for the first team in 2008–09 season . He then changed to no.90 in 2009–10 season and re-took 33 in 2010–11 season . In the first half-season he wore no.44 .
Juve Stabia
In July 2011 he left for Serie B newcomer Juve Stabia . The club loaned numbers of players from la Viola as well as other team . He had to compete with Simone Colombi for the first choice in first half of season , played 6 games , on round 1 , 3 , 8 to 10 and 15 . He wore no.90 shirt that season , his year of birth . Since January 2012 Seculin was the regular starter .
Chievo
Loan to Avellino
In July 2013 Seculin was signed by Chievo for undisclosed fee , re-joining fellow U21 internationals Marco Silvestri and Sergio Viotti . Seculin was immediately left for Serie B newcomer Avellino .
Loan to Sampdoria
On 2 September 2019 , he was loaned to Serie A club Sampdoria with an option to purchase .
SPAL
On 28 July 2021 he joined SPAL .
Pistoiese
On 31 January 2022 , Seculin signed a three-year contract with Pistoiese .
Modena
On 6 July 2022 , Seculin signed with Modena .
International career
Seculin received his first U-21 team call-up in 2008 . He made his debut in March 2009 , a friendly . That match de facto played by players born in or after 1988 for an event usually played by U-20 ( Four Nations Tournament ) , but all players were selected by U-21 coach Pierluigi Casiraghi to select junior member to the final round of 2009 U-21 Euro , which the age limit in fact was born in 1986 or after . Seculin successfully entered the final squad of 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship , as understudy of Andrea Consigli and Salvatore Sirigu , both 3 years older than Seculin .
He was the backup keeper of Vincenzo Fiorillo in 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification first round . He played his competitive debut in the round 2 of the qualification , against the weakest team Luxembourg U-21 . He also played the round 3 against Bosnia and Herzegovina . Vito Mannone then became the first choice in round 4 and 5 , with Fiorillo and Seculin became the second and third . The coach Pierluigi Casiraghi later picked Mattia Perin and then Alberto Frison as backup .
After Azzurrini was eliminated in the playoffs round , new coach Ciro Ferrara recalled Seculin in the first match Ferrara in charge , winning Turkey 2–1 on 17 November 2010 . Seculin was substituted by Perin at half time . Ferrara then used keepers with professional appearances instead of Seculin and Perin , nor Fiorillo who had a handful club appearances . After Seculin made his professional debut in August 2011 , he did not receive any call-up yet . Instead , Seculin played for Italy under-21 Serie B representative team against Italy U20 in December 2011 , an unofficial charity match .
References
External links
FIGC
Juve Stabia Profile
Lega Serie B Profile
1990 births
Living people
People from Gorizia
Footballers from Friuli Venezia Giulia
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
F.C . Südtirol players
ACF Fiorentina players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
U.C . Sampdoria players
S.P.A.L . players
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 players
Modena F.C . 2018 players
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Greece competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali , Colombia .
Medalists
Karate
Georgios Tzanos won the bronze medal in the men 's kumite 84 kg event .
Water skiing
Marie Vympranietsova won the silver medal in the women 's jump event .
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Greek sport
2013
Mucilaginibacter aquaedulcis is a Gram-negative , aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from fresh water in Yeongju in Korea .
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2015
A by-election for the seat of Boulder in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia was held on 4 December 1948 . It was triggered by the death of Philip Collier , a former premier , on 18 October 1948 . The Labor Party retained the seat at the election , with Charlie Oliver winning 78.9 percent of the first-preference vote .
Background
Philip Collier had held Boulder for the Labor Party since the 1905 state election , winning re-election at thirteen further elections ( and being returned unopposed five times ) . He was leader of the Labor Party from 1917 to 1936 , and premier on two occasions , from 1924 to 1930 and from 1933 to 1936 . Collier died at his home in Mount Lawley on 18 October 1948 . After his death , the writ for the by-election was issued on 27 October , with the close of nominations on 19 November . Polling day was on 4 December , with the writ returned on 14 December .
Results
A two-party-preferred calculation was not made .
Aftermath
Oliver was re-elected unopposed at the 1950 state election , but resigned his seat the following year to take up a position in the New South Wales union movement . One of his opponents for Labor preselection was John Teahan , who later won election to the Legislative Council in 1954 . Billy Snedden , the unsuccessful Liberal candidate , eventually moved to Victoria and was elected to the House of Representatives . He was the Liberal Party 's federal leader ( and leader of the opposition ) from 1972 to 1975 .
See also
List of Western Australian state by-elections
References
Western Australian state by-elections
1948 elections in Australia
December 1948 events in Australia
The Radiotelevisão Caboverdiana is Cape Verde 's first radio and television station broadcasting local programs from Cape Verde , Portugal and Brazil as well as the rest of the world especially France . It is a publicly owned company and enterprise and is located in the Capeverdean capital city of Praia , in the southern part in the middle of Achada Santo António RTC also has a few buildings , it also has offices in São Vicente ( serving the northwestern part ) , Sal ( serving the northeastern part ) , São Filipe on Fogo Island ( serving the southwestern part ) and Assomada in Santa Catarina ( serving Northern Santiago and possibly Maio ) . The building size is very small . The radio building is in the south on Rua 13 de Janeiro and the television station is in the north . Its current president is José Emanuel Tavares Moreira .
The station also broadcasts news , sports , television shows and recently broadcasts football or soccer coverages from Portugal and also from Brazil as well as Latin America but rarely around the world . The radio channel is branded as RCV , originally broadcast during the later part of the day and the evening in its early years and then most of the day and the evening , now it is a 24-hour radio station . The TV channel is branded as TCV and it is also available in Portugal in the principal cable and IPTV platforms as a premium channel under the name TCV Internacional . As of the late 2000s , TCV broadcast from noon to midnight . The first and only youth radion station is known as RCV+ , Radio Cabo Verde Jovem which broadcasts from 7 AM until 10 PM .
History and information
Radio
The radio services in Cape Verde began in the 1930s making it the first in the nation , first known as Rádio Colonial Portuguesa ( Portuguese Colonial Radio , equivalent to RDP in what were its colonies ) , it began broadcasting news , sporting events including soccer games from the nation and Cape Verde . After independence from Portugal on July 5 , 1975 , its overseas section of RDP was no more and radio broadcasts as RCV began . Years later , more radio affiliates were made on other islands , one of the stations was Rádio Voz de São Vicente .
Decades before TCV
The first transmissions of television in Cape Verde began under the name Televisão Experimental de Cabo Verde or TEVEC , it started on March 12 , 1975 , less than four months before independence and started operating on December 31 later in the year . It had 22 professionals and broadcast three shows a week for several hours .
Over the years , TEVEC grew and increased its frequencies and transmissions .
Some years before the foundation , poet Corsino Fortes , then Deputy Secretary to the Prime Minister and titular Minister of Social Communications , inspired a television model of Iceland in which television stations existed and operated in small cities and proved the experimental mode for the country 's model . The model worked even in its early ears , below and above . In some shows , the signals abruptively interrupted .
On June 1 , 1990 , the name TNCV ( Televisão Nacional CaboVerdiana ) marked a new era in Capeverdean television and no longer became experimental , it consolidated the idea of a national television that reflects culture and the making by its people . A second studio started construction and added several operators and capacitors began .
Later history
On August 1 , 1997 , a television channel were added and is the first in all of Cape Verde and broadcast a few programs , sporting events , documentaries and more . Until 1997 , Cape Verde was one of several nations that did not have a television channel , up to around the mid-1990s , television was non-existent in the country . The network was founded in May 1997 by the Minister of Social Communications José António dos Reis . It merged with Radio Nacional de Cabo Verde ( RNCV ) and Televisião Nacional CaboVerdiana ( TNCV ) .
The network was the first to broadcast elections , the 2001 federal elections , parliamentary and the presidential .
It had broadcast the World Cup games in which is one of the few international games seen , there were no international coverages except for the African sporting events until the 2000s . The network also broadcasts the FIBA World Championship games .
Recent history
It was the sole broadcasting television station and later the main station until March 31 , 2008 , when Record Cabo Verde started its broadcast .
A few of its programs are being aired on TV CPLP , a television station aired in lusophony countries .
Accords and protocols
Accords and protocols were made over the years . The first accord was with Radiodifusão Portuguesa in 2001 followed by Cubavisión in 2003 and an Austrian network in 2005 along with Rádio Moçambique . The first protocol was Televisão Pública de Angola , TPA in 2002 , followed by French networks TV5 Monde ( in Memorandum of Understanding ) and CFI in 2006 and TVI , Televisão Independente SA and RTP in 2007 , with radio stations including Rádio Atlântico FM ( broadcasting related to Cape Verde ) in 2006 and Rádio Voz de Ponta d'Água in 2007 . One cooperation protocol was with a private university , Jean Piaget University of Cape Verde in 2006 .
Programs
Other programs include sports coverage of some of the clubs of each island , the top clubs including Sporting Clube da Praia , Boavista Praia , Académica da Praia , CS Mindelense , FC Derby , Académica do Sal , Académica do Porto Novo , Académica do Fogo and Sporting Clube do Porto Novo , many of the regional matches are broadcast locally on radio and television . Almost every Cape Verdean Football Championships matches are aired on RCV and TCV , every championship semifinal and final matches , it once did with several national cup finals and super cup matches . Also the basketball games are aired on RCV and TCV , it may have broadcasting volleyball games .
Its main television programs include Tribuna VIP ( VIP Tribune ) which includes sports highlights .
Each year , the network broadcasts parts of several music festivals including Praia da Gamboa in Santiago in April or May , Baía das Gatas in São Vicente in August and Santa Maria in the island of Sal in September .
List of programs
Regiões ( Regions )
Tribuna VIP ( VIP Tribune ) - sports program
Coverage
With national coverage in open signal , RTC transmits in the city of Praia and other islands of the archipelago . Here are a list of signals that cover in Cape Verde :
In the filming industry
The broadcasting station made a film with Spain 's Útopi ASAD Animasur titled Kontinuasom which was released in 2009 .
Presidents
Horácio Moreira Semedo ( in 2008 )
José Emanuel Tavares Moreira ( current )
Communications staff
Júlio Rodrigues ( director of television )
Anatólio Lima ( director of radio )
Palo - soundman until 1989 at the radio station
Employees
Elisângelo Ramos - reporter for RCV radio network since 1996
See also
List of television stations in Africa
List of companies in Cape Verde
References
External links
Official website of the Radiotelevisão Caboverdiana
Official website of TCV
Official website of RCV
Radio stations in Cape Verde
Television stations in Cape Verde
Portuguese-language radio stations
Portuguese-language television networks
Radio stations established in 1997
Television channels and stations established in 1997
Mass media in Praia
1997 establishments in Cape Verde
Hameed Ullah Jan Afridi is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
He was elected to the Senate of Pakistan in 2003 where he served until 2007 .
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-46 ( Tribal Area-XI ) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election . from 2008 to 2011 . He received 5,660 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Mohammad Saeed Afridi . In March 2008 , he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Federal Minister for Environment where he continued to serve until February 2011 .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-46 ( Tribal Area-XI ) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 3,342 votes and lost the seat to Nasir Khan Afridi .
References
People from Khyber District
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Zhou Qian ( Chinese : 周倩 ; pinyin : Zhōu Qiàn ; born March 11 , 1989 ) is a wrestler from China . She won the Bronze medal at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships . She also won the Silver medal at the 2015 World Wrestling Championships and the Bronze medal at the 2015 Asian Wrestling Championships .
In 2021 , she won one of the bronze medals in the women 's 76 kg event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Chinese female sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in wrestling
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Wrestling Championships medalists
Olympic wrestlers of China
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for China
Olympic medalists in wrestling
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
The Hôtel de Paris Monte-Carlo is a hotel located in Monaco . It was opened in 1864 as part of the development of Monaco by the Société des bains de mer de Monaco . It has undergone a $ 280 million and more than four years complete renovation and reopened in March 2019 .
Facilities
The hotel has 99 rooms divided into four pricing categories .
Restaurants consist of the Michelin 3-star Louis XV , the Michelin 1-star Le Grill , Le Bar Americain and Em Sherif .
In popular culture
The hotel has been featured in numerous films , including Confessions of a Cheat ( 1936 ) , The Red Shoes ( 1948 ) , Iron Man 2 ( 2010 ) , Monte Carlo ( 2011 ) , and two James Bond films ; Never Say Never Again ( 1983 ) and GoldenEye ( 1995 ) . It was also portrayed in the 2012 animated film Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted . It was a popular shooting location for photographer Helmut Newton .
References
1863 establishments in Monaco
Paris Monte-Carlo
The Leading Hotels of the World
Paris Monte-Carlo
Paris Monte-Carlo
Monte Carlo
Second Empire architecture
Édouard Niermans buildings
Golbui-ye Pain ( , also Romanized as Golbūī-ye Pā'īn ; also known as Golbū-ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,015 , in 287 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 2006 Portuguese presidential election was held on 22 January to elect a successor to the incumbent President Jorge Sampaio , who was term-limited from running for a third consecutive term by the Constitution of Portugal . The result was a victory in the first round for Aníbal Cavaco Silva of the Social Democratic Party candidate , the former Prime Minister , won 50.54 percent of the vote in the first round , just over the majority required to avoid a runoff election . It was the first time in which a right-wing candidate was elected President of the Republic since the 1974 Carnation Revolution .
Voter turnout was 61.53 percent for eligible voters .
Procedure
Any Portuguese citizen over 35 years old has the opportunity to run for president . In order to do so it is necessary to gather between 7500 and 15000 signatures and submit them to the Portuguese Constitutional Court .
According to the Portuguese Constitution , to be elected , a candidate needs a majority of votes . If no candidate gets this majority there will take place a second round between the two most voted candidates .
Political context
In the presidential election of 14 January 2001 , the outgoing Socialist Jorge Sampaio was re-elected in the first round with 55 % of votes . Because he was term-limited , he was forbidden , by the Constitution , to run for a third consecutive term .
In the parliamentary elections of 20 February 2005 , the Socialist Party , led by José Sócrates , won for the first time in its history an absolute majority of seats , while the Social Democratic Party led by Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes fell below 30 % , their worst result since 1983 .
To cope with the bad fiscal situation , the government introduced a policy of fiscal restraint , combining higher taxes , lower public treatments and privatization . These policies were not popular and as a result , the Socialists were defeated in the local elections on 9 October 2005 . In the follow up for the presidential elections , the Socialists decided to nominate their former secretary-general , Mário Soares , President of the Republic between 1986 and 1996 . This decision divided the party , which led Manuel Alegre , a member of the party parliamentary group , to announce his candidature as an independent . The Social Democratic Party opted to support their former leader Aníbal Cavaco Silva , Prime Minister from 1985 to 1995 , and presidential candidate defeated in 1996 .
Candidates
Thirteen citizens sought election officially , but only six gathered the 7,500 signatures required under the constitution to be a candidate in the poll :
Official candidates
Manuel Alegre , a Socialist Party politician who ran without the official backing of his party ;
Aníbal Cavaco Silva , Prime Minister from 1985 to 1995 , supported by the Social Democratic Party and by the People 's Party ;
Francisco Louçã , coordinator of the political commission of the Left Bloc ;
Garcia Pereira , Secretary-General of the PCTP/MRPP ;
Mário Soares , President from 1986 to 1996 , the official candidate of the Socialist Party ; and
Jerónimo de Sousa , Secretary-General of the Portuguese Communist Party , also supported by the Ecologist Party `` The Greens '' .
All the candidates except for Cavaco Silva are considered to be from the Portuguese political left .
Unsuccessful candidacies
The other potential candidates who , according to the Constitutional Court , did not gather enough signatures , were :
Josué Rodrigues Gonçalo Pedro ;
Luís Filipe Guerra , leader of the Humanist Party ;
Teresa Lameiro ;
Manuela Magno , nuclear physicist ;
Carmelinda Pereira , leader of the Workers Party of Socialist Unity ( POUS ) ;
Luís Botelho Ribeiro ; and
Diamantino da Silva ;
Campaign period
Party slogans
Candidates ' debates
Opinion polling
Results
Summary of the 22 January 2006 Portuguese presidential election results
|-
! style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' rowspan= '' 2 '' |Candidates
! style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : left ; '' rowspan= '' 2 '' |Supporting parties
! style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : right ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |First round
|-
! style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : right ; '' |Votes
! style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : right ; '' | %
|-
|style= '' width:10px ; background-color : # FF9900 ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Aníbal Cavaco Silva
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Social Democratic Party , People 's Party
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |2,773,431
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |50.54
|-
|style= '' width : 5px '' style= '' background-color : # 777777 ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Manuel Alegre
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Independent
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |1,138,297
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |20.74
|-
|style= '' width : 5px '' style= '' background-color : # FF66FF ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Mário Soares
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Socialist Party
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |785,355
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |14.31
|-
|style= '' width : 5px '' style= '' background-color : red ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Jerónimo de Sousa
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Portuguese Communist Party , Ecologist Party `` The Greens ''
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |474,083
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |8.64
|-
|style= '' width : 5px '' style= '' background-color : # 8B0000 ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Francisco Louçã
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Left Bloc
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |292,198
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |5.32
|-
|style= '' width : 5px '' style= '' background-color : # CC0000 ; text-align : center ; '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |António Garcia Pereira
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Portuguese Workers ' Communist Party
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |23,983
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' |0.44
|-
|colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |Total valid
|width= '' 65 '' style= '' text-align : right ; background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |5,487,347
|width= '' 40 '' style= '' text-align : right ; background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |100.00
|-
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' |Blank ballots
|width= '' 65 '' style= '' text-align : right ; '' |59,636
|width= '' 40 '' style= '' text-align : right ; '' |1.07
|-
|style= '' text-align : right ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' |Invalid ballots
|width= '' 65 '' style= '' text-align : right ; '' |43,149
|width= '' 40 '' style= '' text-align : right ; '' |0.77
|-
|colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' text-align : left ; background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |Total
|width= '' 65 '' style= '' text-align : right ; background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |5,590,132
|width= '' 40 '' style= '' text-align : right ; background-color : # E9E9E9 '' |
|-
|colspan=3|Registered voters/turnout
||9,085,339||61.53
|-
|colspan=5 style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Source : Comissão Nacional de Eleições
| }
Maps
See also
President of Portugal
Portugal
Politics of Portugal
References
External links
Portuguese Electoral Commission
Official results site , Portuguese Justice Ministry
NSD : European Election Database - Portugal publishes regional level election data ; allows for comparisons of election results , 1990–2010
2006 elections in Portugal
2006
January 2006 events in Europe
fr : Élections présidentielles portugaises # 2006
N. Robin Crossby ( May 18 , 1954 – July 23 , 2008 ) was the creator of the Hârn fantasy setting and the HârnMaster role-playing game system , as well as dozens of other related works describing the world of Hârn .
Early life
N. Robin Crossby was born of Anglo-Welsh parents in 1954 in London , England , the third of four children . His early hobbies included slot car racing , a fascination with dinosaurs and the drawing of fictional maps . His early education took place at William Ellis School in London . The roots of Hârn can probably be traced back to his early role-playing experiments with his brother and sister in the early 1960s , which involved a hand-drawn map and a personal history of the lost continent of Atlantis .
Crossby 's family emigrated to Canada in 1968 , settling in the Vancouver , British Columbia suburb of Coquitlam . He attended Centennial High School . Between 1974 and 1980 Crossby was involved in dozens of projects , only some of which came to fruition . After graduating from high school both he and his future wife Sharon went to work assembling circuit boards at Crossby Electronics . This company was owned by his father , Victor Crossby . They did a great deal of GlenAyre Electronics ' contract work during the 1970s and were responsible for the bulk of circuitry installed at the former BC Hydro tower located on Burnaby Mountain . Crossby was employed there until about 1980 . He attended Douglas College from 1974 to 1976 , graduating with an associate degree in Philosophy .
College years
During his tenure at Douglas College he began dabbling in graphic design , creating many logos and posters for various Douglas College clubs under the name Hexagon Graphics . Hexagon was still around decades later , its largest project being a logo design for Maple Ridge-based company Maple Meadows Glass in approximately 1995 .
After graduating from Douglas College he transferred to Simon Fraser University , where he co-founded SPLUD , the Society for the Protection of Large Unpleasant Dragons . SPLUD was a board games club which held meetings in the SFU Rotunda . Some of the games played there were designed earlier by Crossby with names like Power and Resource . After encountering Dungeons and Dragons , he started on early precursors of Hârn .
Hobbies
Crossby was similarly attracted to the arts ; he was an accomplished guitar player and composer who often performed at family gatherings . He was also an amateur playwright , and between Douglas College and SFU Robin , his future wife Sharon , his sister Sue and their friends operated a small community theatre company called Threshold Theatre out of the James Cowan Theatre in Burnaby .
Family life
Not long after arriving in Canada he met his future spouse , Sharon MacLeod , a close friend of his sister Susan . Robin and Sharon had their first child in 1983 ( a daughter named Arien ) and their second in 1987 ( Faya ) . They were not married until 1987 just barely before the birth of their third daughter , Kiley , in 1988 .
Business and Publishing
Crossby started detailing his original fantasy world Kethira in 1977 . Near the end of the 1970s Robin started calling his gaming system Hârn and began shopping it with publishers . In 1980 , Robin made first contact with the gaming company that would later become Columbia Games Inc .
Robin signed his first contract with the Vancouver-based gaming company in 1983 . Throughout that year CGI published a series of booklets called Encyclopedia Hârnica , consisting of the history and background of several regions of the island of Hârn . These were followed in the next three years by the Kingdom Modules , a re-release of much of the same material in a more condensed format . Also in the early 80s , Columbia Games released the Hârn Regional Module , which included a massive , full-colour map that attracted many reluctant players to the system . The Hârn Regional Module was later re-released as HârnWorld .
About Harn
Like many popular role-playing environments of the time , Hârn took place in a quasi-medieval setting , on the world of Kèthîra in what could be described in another reality , but described in detail many factors that other systems often neglected . One section of HârnWorld , for instance , laid out a complex model for generating weather patterns that affected the entire planet . Hârn was unusual at its outset for having no defined system to support the story – many early players used Dungeons & Dragons rules systems or RuneQuest models to actually play Hârn campaigns . It was n't until 1986 that Columbia Games released Hârn 's companion rule system , HârnMaster I , which was a leap forward in RPG design in that it calculated the probabilities of various battle , exploration and magic scenarios in a far greater degree of detail than any existing system of the time . The level of detail involved in both modules and statistics made it intimidating for more faint-hearted players . Hârn meta-material was available in the form of CGI 's HârnQuest Magazine , released four times annually , which is still published today . At one time Hârn fandom also had a thriving mailing list called HârnLine , also known as the Duffleboard for its moderator Rob Duff .
In 1996 CGI came out with HârnMaster Core ( known colloquially as HârnMaster II ) , printed in full-colour on cardstock in a binder that theoretically allowed the system to expand with future modules . The modules included in the new HârnMaster Core series were also printed with the more popular D20 statistics , a different points system that simplified Hârn 's extremely detailed points system and brought out resentment in veteran Hârn players who preferred the HârnMaster I rule . CGI argued that this would bring in a new generation of players , but Hârn fandom has boasted about the same number of players since approximately 1990 . HârnMaster II also retailed for nearly US $ 50 , which for the time was extremely expensive .
Columbia Games moved to Washington state , and Crossby stopped writing new material for the company in 1994 ; fans began more and more to add expansions they created ( called `` fanon '' ) as no more official material was being produced for the setting , and Crossby also began working on his own version of Hârn .
International Publishing and Conflict with Columbia Games
In 1998 , Robin and CGI were contacted by Auran Games , an Australian video game company interested in developing a Hârnic Internet role-playing game . Robin signed his second contract with CGI that same year . Over the next three years Auran paid for four trips to Australia including one where he was accompanied by his wife , as well as a business associate Tom Dalgliesh and his wife Penny . But tensions had been rising between Robin and Columbia Games , which had moved to Washington state for tax purposes in 1999 . Robin had grown unhappy with the direction being taken with the Hârn product line and had begun self-publishing his own modules under the name Kelestia Productions in 1997 . These modules and rulebooks diverged from CGI 's releases as of the HârnMaster I series . Robin released both digital products in PDF format through Hyperbooks.com and print products which were produced in Burnaby and shipped in large volume from his home with the help of his eldest daughter Arien . During this period he published nearly half a dozen products , including his own extension of the basic rules called HârnMaster Gold . HMG was not only a new version of the Hârn universe , but a guide to campaigning with the Hârn world in any gaming system without compromising on the level of detail .
CGI and Robin worked together alongside Auran until 2000 when the Auran project was cancelled by Electronics Arts , the games proposed publisher , before it was fully completed . It was one of a number of games cancelled by Electronic Arts at the time due to budget cutbacks . Over the next three years there arose more conflicts between Robin and CGI over licensing and unpaid royalties , which led to Robin formally dissolving his contract with Columbia Games in 2003 . Columbia games continued to produce Hârn products in defiance of the contract dissolution up until Crossby 's death and beyond .
The present-day Kelestia Productions website was founded in approximately 2006 and began selling digital copies of modules under the name Hârn Canon , to differentiate it from the products still being sold by Columbia Games . These modules were created not only by Robin but by his fans ; by this period Robin was actively encouraging the input of his fanbase to create new material . The Chélemby City ( publication title : Chélemby : City of the Sea Kings ) module was produced as a group effort between Robin and many contributors and fans , including his long-time friend Rob Duff . Kelestia Productions was incorporated in October 2008 , and since his death in July 2008 , the company has published modules and products under the guidance of his heirs and estate-appointed project heads Jeremy Baker ( a New Zealander ) and Ken Snellings ( an American ) .
Though the dispute between Kelestia Productions and Columbia Games has never been completely resolved , Kelestia Productions has done business selling electronic-format modules since about 2006 . After Robin 's death in 2008 his intellectual property rights passed on to his eldest daughter Arien . The trademark for the name “ Hârn ” was formally granted to Arien Crossby by the Canadian Intellectual Property Office in September 2009 , and Kelestia Productions is not currently pursuing the American trademark , but continues to produce module content and other products independently .
Later life and death
In early 2006 , Robin was diagnosed with liposarcoma of the bowel , a cancer arising in fat cells . Throughout his illness he continued his work , and the last map completed by Crossby was a map of the entire Harnic world . Many also applauded Crossby for keeping a sharp and witty blog on the Kelestia website during the course of his illness . Despite surgery and chemotherapy , he died two years later on July 23 , 2008 , in a hospice in Port Coquitlam , British Columbia .
References
External links
Crossby 's personal webpage
Homepage of Kelestia Productions
1954 births
2008 deaths
People from London
Canadian game designers
Deaths from cancer in British Columbia
Deaths from liposarcoma
Role-playing game designers
The General Administration Department ( , abbreviated GAD ) is a civil service body that staffs all regional and state-level governments in Myanmar and provides administration for the country 's myriad districts and townships .
It also plays a central role in administering the country 's administrative capital of Naypyidaw , as the Constitution of Myanmar stipulates that the head of GAD is the secretary of the Naypyidaw Council , and that the GAD offices are to be co-located with the Naypyidaw Council offices.The directors of State and Region GAD offices are also the secretaries of State and Region governments . On 28 December 2018 , it was reorganized and reinvoked under the Ministry of the Office of the Union Government after being detached from the Ministry of Home Affairs . On 5 May 2021 , the SAC reorganized it under Ministry of Home Affairs .
References
See also
Ministry of Home Affairs
Cabinet of Myanmar
Government agencies of Myanmar
Civil services
Lisa Smith , performing as Noncompliant and formerly known as DJ Shiva , is an American DJ and record producer .
Life
Smith is originally from Evansville , Indiana . She moved to Indianapolis in 1996 .
Career
Smith 's current stage name is derived from the comic Bitch Planet , in which women who fail to observe patriarchal rules are termed `` noncompliant '' . She adopted the moniker in 2017 , and has said that it is `` very much based in queerness and feminism '' . Smith has spoken in favor of equality for women in electronic music .
Smith has performed sets at Berghain 's Panorama Bar , on UK radio station Rinse FM , and at Detroit 's Movement electronic music festival .
Although primarily a DJ , Smith released an original EP titled More Than Surviving in 2017 . A reviewer for Resident Advisor observed that , although described as techno , More Than Surviving has house influences . Smith also contributed a single titled `` Femslash '' to a 2017 compilation , described as a `` loopy acid cut with a sense of humor '' .
As of 2018 , she had been performing as a DJ for approximately 20 years . She purchased her first set of turntables in 1995 .
Discography
More Than Surviving ( EP , 2017 )
`` Femslash '' ( single , 2017 )
References
External links
American DJs
American techno musicians
Living people
People from Evansville , Indiana
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Paradrepanophoridae is a family of worms belonging to the order Polystilifera .
Genera :
Paradrepanophorus Stiasny-Wijnhoff , 1926
References
Polystilifera
Nemertea families
Kadal ( ; ) is the soundtrack album , composed by A. R. Rahman for the 2013 Tamil film of the same name , directed by Mani Ratnam that stars Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair in the lead roles . Noted poet-lyricist Vairamuthu and his son Madhan Karky penned lyrics for three songs each . Sri Lankan rapper Aaryan Dinesh Kanagaratnam made his debut for Indian cinema with one of the songs . The album was released under Sony Music on 28 November 2012 .
Development
Director Mani Ratnam 's usual associate music composer , A. R. Rahman was signed to compose the songs as well as the background score for the film . Rahman visited Mani Ratnam at one of the filming locations near coastal areas of Thiruchendur where they had a boat ride into the sea to discuss about the songs . In an interview , Rahman stated that the music of Kadal is a blend of Christian gospel , blues and Carnatic music as the film plot portrays Christian fishermen . Rahman claimed the sea to be a huge inspiration and hence the song `` Chithirai Nila '' was born out of this inspiration . As Mani Ratnam insisted on romantic numbers , Rahman composed `` Nenjukulley '' and `` Moongil Thottam '' in the same tempo . The songs were alternate choices for Ratnam but he retained both . On composition of song `` Adiye '' , according to the composer , most Christian gospel songs have a blues feel to them . However , he clubbed the folk genre with jazz vocal backing into it as picturisation was to be done on a village boy . Initially , Ratnam wanted the composer to croon the track but the latter had already finalised `` Elay Keechan '' and hence `` Adiye '' was sung by Sid Sriram . The operatic Italian version of song `` Anbin Vaasale '' , sung by Natalie Di Luccio was used in the background score of the film . A gibberish song sung by A.R . Rahman , used only in the film was featured on the character Celina ( played by Lakshmi Manchu ) .
The soundtrack features seven songs and two of the songs penned by Vairamuthu are taken from `` A Compilation of Vairamuthu 's Poems '' and third one from his work about sea odyssey , Thanner Thesam . The song `` Magudi Magudi '' features vocals and lyrics by Sri Lankan rapper Aaryan Dinesh Kanagaratnam .
Release
Sony Music procured the audio rights of the soundtrack . On 2 November 2012 , an unplugged version of the song `` Nenjukulle '' was performed by Shakthisree Gopalan in the first episode of MTV Unplugged India : Season 2 , aired over MTV India channel . In an interview , Rahman stated that the performed unplugged song would differ slightly from the soundtrack version . The song garnered overwhelming response with positive feedback from several viewers over the internet . The official soundtrack version of the song was released as a single on 21 November 2012 . The track `` Elay Keechan '' was released as a promotional single on 25 November 2012 . The complete album was initially supposed to be released on 12 November 2012 , although lyricist Karky as well as several media reports confirmed the same , the officials of Madras Talkies denied such release schedules . The soundtrack album was scheduled to release on 30 November 2012 , but due to tremendous pre-booking orders , the audio label advanced the release by two days .
Reception
Critical response
The soundtrack album opened up with highly positive reviews . Music Aloud stated , `` A R Rahman does it again for Mani Ratnam with an exquisite mix of genres not often heard in Tamil . '' Indiaglitz on a positive note stated , `` Rahman delivers of Mani Ratnam once again . '' Behindwoods quoted , `` Kadal is salt of the earth stuff from A.R . Rahman that is rewarding of your time spent on it . '' Sri Krishna of Musicperk summarized , `` There 's an unwritten rule in Indian Cinema that goes something like this : “ Rahman reserves his God Mode for Mani Ratnam “ . The validity of that statement has once again been established beyond ambiguity , Kadal is one for the ages , if you are a fan of deep , enduring music . '' Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff stated in her review , `` It 's been said that A R Rahman always delivers his very best for Mani Ratnam . It looks like it with Kadal , where the composer experiments and runs riot with different styles with some success . '' In an interview with CNN-IBN , senior film journalist Sreedhar Pillai said , `` I definitely think it [ Kadal ] is ARR 's best in recent times , the magic is very much there ! '' and he added that the album `` has taken Tamil music to the next level . '' In contrast , India Today stated that the album `` falls short to be called Rahman 's best '' , but called it `` enjoyable '' .
Chart performance
Within a day of its release on 22 November 2012 , the song `` Elay Keechaan '' notched to position one and `` Nenjukkule '' at two on iTunes India charts . Though the latter track clinched down , `` Elay Keechaan '' continued to be the chart topper for over two weeks . The complete album held the first position on iTunes India charts post its release . All the songs marked their position in the top ten songs category on iTunes . This made Kadal 's soundtrack enter into number one soundtrack album of India by December 2012 .
Track listing
Original Version
Prior to the release of the Tamil soundtrack album the song names were available over the internet by early November 2012 .
The complete track listing was released on the film 's official social networking page as well as on A.R . Rahman 's official website on 26 November 2012 .
Telugu Version
The song `` Gunjukunna '' was released on Madras Talkies 's official YouTube channel on 6 December 2012 . Lyrics for the Telugu version of the soundtrack are penned by poet Vanamali . Though the music was released on the label Sony Music , direct to stores on 19 December 2012 , the audio was launched in a grand function held at H.I.C.C Novotel , Hyderabad on 2 January 2013 . Suhasini Mani Ratnam and actor Arjun hosted the event . Before addressing the audience , the event opened up with composer A.R . Rahman performing medley on the keyboard , playing tunes of `` Chinni Chinni Aasaa '' and `` Vinara Vinara '' from the film Roja , thereby paying ode to his most collaborated director Mani Ratnam . Later , singer Sid Sriram performed the track `` Yadike '' and singers Harini and Abhay Jodhpurkar crooned `` Patchani Thotta '' on the stage . The lead debutantes of the film , Thulasi Nair and Gautham Karthik made their first public appearance through this event .
Accolades
See also
Kadal
List of films directed by Mani Ratnam featuring A. R. Rahman
References
External links
Kadal ( soundtrack ) at the Internet Movie Database
A. R. Rahman soundtracks
Tamil film soundtracks
2012 soundtrack albums
The American International School of Sydney was an international school located in Epping , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The school operated , in part , under the sponsorship of the United States Ambassador to Australia and awarded the American High School Diploma , which all graduates received upon completion of their studies .
The school closed in 2009 due to low enrolments , and attempted to obtain finance to reopen in 2012 .
Alumni students included American film and stage actor Aaron Eckhart , and Sudanese-born professional basketball player Ater Majok .
See also
List of non-government schools in New South Wales
List of international schools
American Australians
References
External links
American International School of Sydney ( Archive )
Defunct schools in Sydney
2009 disestablishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1999
1999 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions disestablished in 2009
Epping , New South Wales
Old Laund Booth is a civil parish in the Pendle district of Lancashire , England . It has a population of 1,459 , and contains the villages of Fence and Wheatley Lane .
Old Laund Booth was once a township in the ancient parish of Whalley . This became a civil parish in 1866 , forming part of the Burnley Rural District from 1894 ( until 1974 ) . Until 1898 when the parish was enlarged , part of Goldshaw Booth and a detached area Higham with West Close Booth , divided the township into two parts with Fence in the eastern and Wheatley Lane and Old Laund hall in the western . In 1935 the civil parish of Wheatley Carr Booth was abolished and the area also joined this parish .
The parish adjoins the Pendle parishes of Roughlee Booth , Barrowford , Nelson , Brierfield , Reedley Hallows , Higham-with-West Close Booth and Goldshaw Booth . Higher areas of the parish , north-east of the villages are part of the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2011 , the parish has a population of 1,459 , a decrease from 1,586 in the 2001 census .
Media gallery
See also
Listed buildings in Old Laund Booth
References
Citations
External links
Map of modern parish boundary at Lancashire County Council website
Old Laund Booth township - British History Online
Wheatley Carr Booth township - British History Online
Civil parishes in Lancashire
Geography of the Borough of Pendle
Kessleria burmanni is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae . It is found in Switzerland , Austria and Slovenia .
The length of the forewings is 7–8.4 mm for males and 4.5–6.5 mm for females . The forewings are grey to brown with white scales . The hindwings are dark greyish brown . Adults are on wing from the beginning of July to the end of August .
The larvae feed on Saxifraga caesia , Saxifraga oppositifolia and possibly Saxifraga hiflora macropetala . They have a dark greenish brown body and blackish brown head .
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
One of the most prestigious conference awards in college athletics , the Big Ten Medal of Honor was first awarded in 1915 to one student-athlete from the graduating class of each university who had “ attained the greatest proficiency in athletics and scholastic work. ” The 14 institutions of the Big Ten feature over 10,000 student-athletes , more than any other conference , and only 28 of those individuals are recognized each year with the Big Ten Medal of Honor . In the nearly 100 years of the Medal of Honor , just over 1,300 student-athletes have earned this distinction . The medal features the Latin phrase Mens fervida in corpore lacertoso ( `` a fervent mind in a vigorous body '' ) on one side and the student 's name and the phrase For Scholarship and Athletic Prowess on the reverse side .
History
The award was first given in 1915 . It was the first award in intercollegiate athletics to demonstrate support of the educational emphasis placed on athletics and honor those who embody the values of the `` student athlete '' . Although originally awarded only to male athletes , since 1982 , a female athlete from each institution has also been recognized .
Notable recipients
The Big Ten Medal of Honor has been awarded to numerous decorated athletes who achieved success after college both in athletics and beyond , including :
NCAA 10-time National Champion Coach John R. Wooden ( Purdue )
NFL quarterbacks and Super Bowl-winners Bob Griese and Drew Brees ( Purdue )
Seven-time NBA All-Star and member of the Basketball Hall of Fame Jerry Lucas ( Ohio State )
NFL safety and the first African-American coach to win a Super Bowl Tony Dungy ( Minnesota )
MLB catcher and three-time World Series champion Joe Girardi ( Northwestern )
College Football Hall of Fame member and football coach Pat Fitzgerald ( Northwestern )
Olympic swimmer and Gold medalist Davis Tarwater ( Michigan )
Former baseball player turned sports agent Casey Close ( Michigan )
Pan American Games Gold medalist gymnast Abie Grossfeld ( Illinois )
Collegiate track and field coach Francis X. Cretzmeyer ( Iowa )
Professional soccer players Joanna Lohman ( Penn State ) , Emily Zurrer ( Illinois ) , Vanessa DiBernardo ( Illinois ) , and Britt Eckerstrom ( Penn State )
Nine-time letterman and University of Wisconsin–Madison athletic director credited with rescuing Badger athletics Pat Richter ( Wisconsin )
Businessman Keith Nosbusch , chairman and CEO of Rockwell Automation Inc. ( Wisconsin )
NASA astronaut Michael S. Hopkins ( Illinois )
List of winners
References
Awards established in 1915
Big Ten Conference
1915 establishments in the United States
College conference trophies and awards in the United States
Student athlete awards in the United States
Robert Vadra ( born 18 April 1969 ) is an Indian businessman , entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi . He is the son-in-law of Sonia Gandhi and the brother-in-law of Rahul Gandhi .
Early life and family
Robert Vadra was born to Rajendra and Maureen Vadra on 18 April 1969 . His father 's family is of Punjabi descent settled in Moradabad district , Uttar Pradesh . His paternal family is originally from Sialkot in present-day Pakistan . Rajendra 's father moved to India at the time of partition . His mother Maureen ( née McDonagh ) is of Scottish origin . Rajendra was a resident of Civil Lines , Moradabad and ran a brass and wood handicrafts business . Vadra has only completed his high school education .
Robert Vadra 's brother Richard died by suicide and his sister Michelle died in a car accident in 2001 . His father was found dead on April 3 , 2009 in City Inn , a guest house in the Yusuf Sarai area of Delhi .
Politics
In January 2002 , Vadra issued a notice in print newspaper distancing himself from his father and brother as they were misusing his relationship with the Nehru–Gandhi family to make money while promising jobs and other favours . Following this , Sonia Gandhi , the then Congress president also issued a notice to all Congress CMs , state unit heads and senior party members to stay away from Vadra and his family .
Until 2012 , while Vadra was mostly in the background , he became a target for several opposition parties after the 2012 anti-corruption movement , India against corruption made allegations against him . These allegations got further politicization after several instances of Congress party spokespersons defending allegations on Vadra , stating he was a soft target .
While Vadra is not into active politics he had been actively campaigning for his brother-in-law Rahul Gandhi and mother-in-law Sonia Gandhi . In the Lok Sabha elections of 2019 , he campaigned actively across India for several candidates . Recently on his 50th birthday , when asked about his intent to join active politics , Vadra stated it would happen 2–3 years later .
Controversies
DLF land grab case
In October 2011 , he was accused by Arvind Kejriwal of taking an interest-free loan of 650 million and heavy bargains on land from DLF Limited in exchange for political favours . DLF responded that it had dealt with Vadra as a private entrepreneur , that the loan was Business Advance which was given , as per practice of trade , to make payments for land purchased from Vadra , that the company did not sell him land at a discounted price , and that no quid pro quo took place . Corporation Bank has denied ever providing an overdraft facility of that amount . Meanwhile after being asked to vacate the government accommodation at Lodhi estate , Priyanka Vadra shifted to a 5500 sqft 5 bedroom home at a DLF property in Gurugram .
Bikaner land case
In February 2019 , Rajasthan High Court has issued summons to Vadra and his mother Maureen in relation to a 2015 case of illegal land transactions in Kolayat area of Bikaner . The enforcement directorate had filed a case against Vadra 's company Skylight hospitality pvt ltd alleging purchase of 69.55 bigha ( approx . 28 acres ) land in connivance with Rajasthan government officials at sub market rates ( 7.2 million ) and then selling them at exorbitantly higher prices to gain illegal profits . The company had been issued a notice under Prevention of money laundering act in 2016 . Subsequently , the company approached Delhi HC and Supreme court in April 2018 for reassessment of their transactions , however the court directed Vadra to appear before the ED and cooperate in investigations . In recent development , the ED has attached the assets of Vadra 's company Skylight valued at 46.2 million after Vadra appeared before ED ignoring several previous summonses . In January 2020 , during his interrogation with the ED , Vadra stated that he had viewed the land locations on Google Maps , but could not recollect the source for the funds he used to purchase those .
Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab case
References
Nehru–Gandhi family
People from Moradabad
Living people
1969 births
Anglo-Indian people
Businesspeople from Uttar Pradesh
Indian people of Scottish descent
People charged with corruption
A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on 16 September 2016 , the last of three lunar eclipses in 2016 .
Visibility
It was visible from Europe , Africa , Asia and Australia .
Gallery
Progression as seen from Primorsko , Bulgaria
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2016
A total solar eclipse on 9 March .
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 23 March .
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 18 August .
An annular solar eclipse on 1 September .
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 16 September .
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the moon 's orbit .
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days ( Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years ) . Because of the date shift , the Earth 's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events .
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days ( a half saros ) . This lunar eclipse is related to two partial solar eclipses of Solar Saros 154 .
See also
March 2016 lunar eclipse , the first 2016 lunar eclipse ( penumbral )
August 2016 lunar eclipse , the second 2016 lunar eclipse ( penumbral )
List of lunar eclipses and List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
References
External links
Hermit eclipse : 23 Mar 2016 - Penumbral Lunar Eclipse
Penumbral Lunar Eclipse On Sep. 16 , 2016 by Giuseppe Donatiello , Oria , Italy
Penumbral Lunar Eclipse on September 16 , 2016 by Mulham Hindi , Makkah , Saudi Arabia
2016-09
2016 in science
September 2016 events
Clericalism in Iran has a long history and had a remarkable impact on Iranian society , politics as well as on Islamic theology .
Emergence
There are controversies about the emergence of clericalism in Iran . Some scholars believe that clericalism dates back to 1000 years ago .
Schools
Shia :
Najaf seminaries
Qom seminaries
Mashhad Seminaries
Sunni :
Zahedan seminaries
Structure and functions :
Over the course of history , Iranian seminaries have had traditional functions in the religious sphere to provide support to civil society in the country . However , after the Iranian revolution in 1979 , seminaries have been highly politicized and their independence greatly reduced . The revolution created a new political order based on Shiite theological foundations and the absolute ruling power was given to a Shiite jurist/cleric .
The history of Qom seminaries dates back to 3rd century ( Hijri ) . Hossein Ibn Said Ahvazi , a famous theologian , moved from Kufa to Qom . He educated the first generation of clerics in Qom .
Impact on Economy
Many clerics have been involved in high-profile economic activities , most notably Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , Abbas Vaez-Tabasi and Nasser Makarem Shirazi .
Impact on Iranian Politics
Clerics involved in politics during Safavid and Qajar era
Allameh Majlesi
Mirza Shirazi
Seyyed Jamaluddin Asadabadi ( Afghani )
Clerics involved in the Iranian Constitutional Revolution
Seyyed Mohammad Tabataba ' i
Seyyed Abdollah Behbehani
Sheikh Mohammad Khiabani
Mohammad Kazem Khorasani
Sheikh Fazlollah Nouri ( against the Constitutional Revolution )
Mohammed Kazem Yazdi ( against the Constitutional Revolution )
Influential Clerics of the Pahlavi era
Seyyed Hassan Modarres
Seyyed Abolghasem Kashani
Navvab Safavi
Sheikh Mohammad Taghi Falsafi
Clerics involved in the Iranian Revolution
Ruhollah Khomeini
Hosseinali Montazeri
Morteza Motahhari
Mohammad Beheshti
Clerics acting as high officials
Ali Khamenei
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani
Mohammad Khatami
Hassan Rouhani
Mohammad Yazdi
Ali Meshkini
Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi
Ahmad Jannati
Mehdi Karroubi
Ebrahim Raisi
Ahmad Khatami
Sadeq Larijani
Political parties founded by clerics
Association of Combatant Clerics
Combatant Clergy Association
Institutions exclusively associated with clerics
Special Clerical Court
Impact on other societies
Ali Sistani
See also
Islam in Iran
History of Qom seminaries ( in Persian )
Organization of Shafei Sunni Clericalism in Iran ( in Persian )
Organization of Hanafi Sunni Clericalism in Iran ( in Persian )
References
Islam in Iran
The 16th-century portrait Mona Lisa , or La Gioconda ( La Joconde ) , painted in oil on a poplar panel by Leonardo da Vinci , has been the subject of a considerable deal of speculation .
Columns and trimming
It has for a long time been argued that after Leonardo 's death the painting was cut down by having part of the panel at both sides removed . Early copies depict columns on both sides of the figure . Only the edges of the bases can be seen in the original . However , some art historians , such as Martin Kemp , now argue that the painting has not been altered , and that the columns depicted in the copies were added by the copyists . The latter view was bolstered during 2004 and 2005 when an international team of 39 specialists undertook the most thorough scientific examination of the Mona Lisa yet undertaken . Beneath the frame ( the current one was fitted to the Mona Lisa in 2004 ) there was discovered a `` reserve '' around all four edges of the panel . A reserve is an area of bare wood surrounding the gessoed and painted portion of the panel . That this is a genuine reserve , and not the result of removal of the gesso or paint , is demonstrated by a raised edge still existing around the gesso , the result of build up from the edge of brush strokes at the edge of the gesso area .
The reserve area , which was likely to have been as much as originally appears to have been trimmed at some point probably to fit a frame ( we know that in the 1906 framing it was the frame itself that was trimmed , not the picture , so it must have been earlier ) , however at no point has any of Leonardo 's actual paint been trimmed . Therefore , the columns in early copies must be inventions of those artists , or copies of another ( unknown ) studio version of Mona Lisa .
Landscape
People of Arezzo in the Val di Chiana , a valley in Tuscany , have traditionally claimed the Mona Lisa landscape as theirs . An article published in the journal Cartographica suggests that the landscape consists of two parts which when placed together correspond to Leonardo 's topographic map , the Val di Chiana .
Other versions
It has been suggested that Leonardo created more than one version of the painting . Another contender is the Isleworth Mona Lisa , which had been hidden in a Swiss bank vault for 40 years before being unveiled to the public on September 27 , 2012 . The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich has dated the piece to Leonardo 's lifetime , and an expert in sacred geometry says it conforms to the artist 's basic line structures .
The same claim has been made for a version in the Vernon collection . The Vernon Mona Lisa is particularly interesting because it was originally part of the collection at the Louvre . Another version , dating from c. 1616 , was given in c. 1790 to Joshua Reynolds by the Duke of Leeds in exchange for a Reynolds self-portrait . Reynolds thought it to be the real painting and the French one a copy , which has now been disproved . It is , however , useful in that it was copied when the original 's colors were far brighter than they are now , and so it gives some sense of the original 's appearance 'as new ' . It is in a private collection , but was exhibited in 2006 at the Dulwich Picture Gallery .
In January 2012 Museo del Prado in Madrid announced that it had discovered and almost fully restored a copy of the painting by a pupil of Leonardo , very possibly painted alongside the master . The copy gives a better indication of what the portrait looked like at the time , as the varnish on the original has become cracked and yellowed with age .
German imaging researchers Claus-Christian Carbon of the University of Bamberg and Vera Hesslinger of the University of Mainz performed further analysis of the Museo del Prado version , comparing it to Da Vinci 's Mona Lisa , and in May 2014 speculated that , based on perspective analysis of key features in the images , the two images were painted at the same time from slightly different viewpoints . They further proposed that two images may therefore form a stereoscopic pair , creating the illusion of 3-dimensional depth , when viewed side by side . However , a study published in 2017 has demonstrated that this stereoscopic pair in fact gives no reliable stereoscopic depth .
Nude versions
There are several copies of the image in which the figure appears nude . These have also led to speculation that they were copied from a lost Leonardo original depicting Lisa naked .
These include :
Salaì , Nude Woman ( Donna Nuda ) . Oil on canvas , 86,5 x 66,5 cm . Hermitage , St Petersburg , Russia .
Salaì , Mona Vanna . Louvre , Paris .
Mona Vanna , 16th century , from collection of Napoleon 's uncle cardinal Joseph Fesch ( 1763-1839 )
La Belle Gabrielle , 16th century , from collection of Earl of Spencer , Northampton , England
Carlo Antonio Procaccini , Flora , c. 1600 . Accademia Carrara , Bergamo , Italy
Joos van Cleve , Mona Vanna Nuda , National gallery , Prague
Joos van Cleve , Portrait of a Woman , Rheydt Palace State museum
Barthel Bruyn , Gioconda desnuda , 16th century
Smile
Mona Lisas smile has repeatedly been a subject of many—greatly varying—interpretations .
Many researchers have tried to explain why the smile is seen so differently by people . The explanations range from scientific theories about human vision to curious supposition about Mona Lisa '' 's identity and feelings .
Professor Margaret Livingstone of Harvard University has argued that the smile is mostly drawn in low spatial frequencies , and so can best be seen from a distance or with one 's peripheral vision . Thus , for example , the smile appears more striking when looking at the portrait 's eyes than when looking at the mouth itself . Christopher Tyler and Leonid Kontsevich of the Smith-Kettlewell Institute in San Francisco believe that the changing nature of the smile is caused by variable levels of random noise in the human visual system . Dina Goldin , Adjunct Professor at Brown University , has argued that the secret is in the dynamic position of Mona Lisa 's facial muscles , where our mind 's eye unconsciously extends her smile ; the result is an unusual dynamicity to the face that invokes subtle yet strong emotions in the viewer of the painting .
In late 2005 , Dutch researchers from the University of Amsterdam ran the painting 's image through `` emotion recognition '' computer software developed in collaboration with the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . The technology demonstration found the smile to be 83 % happy , 9 % disgusted , 6 % fearful , 2 % angry , less than 1 % neutral , and 0 % surprised .
Infrared scan
In 2004 , experts from the National Research Council of Canada conducted a three-dimensional infrared scan . Because of the aging of the varnish on the painting it is difficult to discern details . Data from the scan and infrared were used by Bruno Mottin of the French Museums ' `` Center for Research and Restoration '' to argue that the transparent gauze veil worn by the sitter is a guarnello , typically used by women while pregnant or just after giving birth . A similar guarnello was painted by Sandro Botticelli in his Portrait of Smeralda Brandini ( c. 1470/1475 ) , depicting a pregnant woman , on display in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . Furthermore , this reflectography revealed that Mona Lisas hair is not loosely hanging down , but seems attached at the back of the head to a bonnet or pinned back into a chignon and covered with a veil , bordered with a sombre rolled hem . In the 16th century , hair hanging loosely down on the shoulders was the customary style of unmarried young women or prostitutes . This apparent contradiction with her status as a married woman has now been resolved .
Researchers also used the data to reveal details about the technique used and to predict that the painting will degrade very little if current conservation techniques are continued . During 2006 , the Mona Lisa underwent a major scientific observation that proved through infrared cameras she was originally wearing a bonnet and clutching her chair , something that da Vinci decided to change as an afterthought .
Eyebrows and eyelashes
One long-standing mystery of the painting is why Mona Lisa features very faint eyebrows and apparently does not have any eyelashes . In October 2007 , Pascal Cotte , a French engineer and inventor , says he discovered with a high-definition camera that Leonardo da Vinci originally did paint eyebrows and eyelashes . Creating an ultra-high resolution close-up that magnified Mona Lisas face 24 times , Cotte says he found a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left eye . `` One day I say , if I can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , I will have definitively the proof that originally Leonardo da Vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , '' said Cotte . The engineer claims that other eyebrow hairs that potentially could have appeared on the painting may have faded or been inadvertently erased by a poor attempt to clean the painting . In addition , Cotte says his work uncovered proof that her hands were originally painted in a slightly different position than in the final portrait .
Giorgio Vasari 's Lives of Artists describes the painting as having thick eyebrows ; however , while this may mean that the eyebrows and lashes were accidentally removed , it could also mean that Vasari did not have first-hand knowledge of the work .
Subject
Although the sitter has traditionally been identified as Lisa del Giocondo , a lack of definitive evidence has long fueled alternative theories . During the last years of his life , Leonardo spoke of a portrait `` of a certain Florentine lady done from life at the request of the magnificent Giuliano de ' Medici . '' No evidence has been found that indicates a link between Lisa del Giocondo and Giuliano de ' Medici , but then the comment could instead refer to one of the two other portraits of women executed by Leonardo .
The artist Susan Dorothea White has interpreted the masculine proportions of Mona Lisa 's cranial architecture in her anatomical artworks Anatomy of a Smile : Mona 's Bones ( 2002 ) and Mona Masticating ( 2006 ) . Lillian Schwartz of Bell Labs suggests that the Mona Lisa is actually a self-portrait . She supports this theory with the results of a digital analysis of the facial features of the woman in the painting and those of the famous Portrait of a Man in Red Chalk . However , the drawing on which Schwartz based the comparison may not be a self-portrait .
For Sigmund Freud the famous half-smile was a recovered memory of Leonardo 's mother . In 1994 Leonardo 's biographer Serge Bramly wrote , `` there are about a dozen possible identifications of the sitter , all more or less defensible ... Some people have suggested that there was no model at all , that Leonardo was painting an ideal woman . ''
In 2004 , historian Giuseppe Pallanti published Monna Lisa , Mulier Ingenua ( published in English as Mona Lisa Revealed : The True Identity of Leonardo 's Model ) . The book gathered archival evidence in support of the traditional identification of the model as Lisa . According to Pallanti , the evidence suggests that Leonardo 's father was a friend of del Giocondo : `` The portrait of Mona Lisa , done when Lisa del Giocondo was aged about 24 , was probably commissioned by Leonardo 's father himself for his friends as he is known to have done on at least one other occasion . '' In 2007 , genealogist Domenico Savini identified the princesses Natalia and Irina Strozzi as descendants of Lisa del Giocondo . Scan data obtained in 2004 suggested that the painting dated from around 1503 and commemorated the birth of the Giocondo 's second son .
In 2011 , art historian Silvano Vinceti claimed longtime apprentice ( and possible lover ) to Leonardo , Salaì , was the inspiration and figure for the painting .
In 2005 Heidelberg University academics discovered notes scribbled into the margins of a book by its owner in October 1503 . These notes state that Leonardo is working `` on the head of Lisa del Giocondo '' . This is seen by some as confirmation that a certain Lisa del Giocondo had been the sitter for the Mona Lisa . However , these notes offer no description of the painting or drawing and could be attributed to any female portrait of that time .
In 2011 , after the discovery of old documents that indicated that Lisa del Giocondo was buried beneath a convent in Florence , an excavation was performed .
In 2014 , Angelo Paratico suggested that Leonardo 's mother ( probably Mona Lisa ) was a Chinese slave . It has also been suggested that she was a Middle Eastern slave .
Metabolic disorders
In January 2010 , Dr Vito Franco , professor of pathological anatomy at Palermo University , published research in an article in La Stampa newspaper and at a medical conference in Florence which suggested that the subject showed clear signs of xanthelasma , small accumulations of cholesterol-rich material under the skin , perhaps caused by problems in her biliary tract , due to hyperlipidemia , an inherited metabolic disorder . Dr Franco also suggested that she shows signs of having a lipoma behind her right eye .
Letters and identity of model
In December 2010 , Italian art historian Silvano Vinceti reported that the Mona Lisa appears to have tiny letters and numbers in her eyes which are only apparent when viewed with a magnifying glass and shortly afterwards said that the model was Leonardo 's male apprentice Gian Giacomo Caprotti ( known as Salaì ) and that the letters were clues to his identity . The Louvre , pointing out that he had had no access to the actual painting , said that after `` every laboratory test possible '' in 2004 and 2009 that `` no inscriptions , letters or numbers , were discovered during the tests . '' and that `` The ageing of the painting on wood has caused a great number of cracks to appear in the paint , which have caused a number of shapes to appear that have often been subject to over-interpretation '' .
References
External links
Mona Lisa , an interpretation
The Mona Lisa Mystery Documentary produced by the PBS Series Secrets of the Dead ''
Mona Lisa
