Felicia Zhang ( born September 22 , 1993 ) is an American former pair skater . With Nathan Bartholomay , she is a two-time U.S. national medalist ( silver in 2014 , bronze in 2013 ) and competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Personal life
Felicia Zhang was born in New York City and grew up in Plainsboro Township , New Jersey . Her mother , a doctor 's receptionist , and father , a computer information technology worker , are both from Beijing , China . After graduating in 2011 from West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South , she began studying at the University of South Florida , majoring in psychology .
Career
Early years and single skating
Zhang started skating at the age of seven after attending a skating birthday party . In singles , Zhang won the novice bronze medal at the 2008 U.S. Championships , and placed sixth on the junior level at the 2010 U.S. Championships .
Partnership with Toth
Zhang teamed up with Taylor Toth in 2009 . They won the junior gold medal at the 2010 U.S. Championships . They finished 9th at the 2010 World Junior Championships .
Zhang/Toth moved up to the senior level for the 2010–11 season and competed in the Grand Prix at Skate America , where they finished 7th , and Trophée Eric Bompard , where they finished 5th . They withdrew from the 2011 U.S. Championships due to Zhang 's rib injuries . On March 10 , 2011 , Zhang and Toth announced they had parted ways . During their partnership , they were coached by Jeff DiGregorio in Newark , Delaware .
Partnership with Bartholomay
Zhang teamed up with Nathan Bartholomay by May 2011 . They are coached by Jim Peterson and Lyndon Johnston at the Ice and Sports Complex in Ellenton , Florida . In their first season , they were eighth at the U.S. Championships .
Zhang/Bartholomay won bronze at the 2013 U.S. Championships and were assigned to the 2013 Four Continents Championships where they placed fourth .
In the 2013–14 season , Zhang/Bartholomay received two Grand Prix assignments , the 2013 Skate America and 2013 Cup of China , finishing 7th and 6th . After winning the silver medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships , ahead of Caydee Denney / John Coughlin , they were named in the U.S. team to the Olympics and listed as first alternates for the World Championships . Zhang/Bartholomay finished 12th at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . They were called up to replace the injured Denney/Coughlin at the 2014 World Championships . They announced the end of their partnership on July 16 , 2014 .
Programs
With Bartholomay
With Toth
Single skating
Competitive highlights
GP : Grand Prix ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
Pair skating with Bartholomay
Pair skating with Toth
Single skating
References
External links
Felicia Zhang / Nathan Bartholomay at Ice Network
American female pair skaters
American female single skaters
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Bronx
American sportspeople of Chinese descent
People from Plainsboro Township , New Jersey
Sportspeople from Middlesex County , New Jersey
West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South alumni
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of the United States
21st-century American women
Eiffelton is a lightly populated locality in the Mid-Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Geography
Eiffelton is situated on the Canterbury Plains near the Hinds River , which reaches the Pacific Ocean in nearby Longbeach . The small township of Hinds is to Eiffelton 's west . Other nearby settlements include Lynnford between Eiffelton and Hinds , Willowby to the north , and Flemington and the ghost town of Waterton to the east . The closest town of significant size is Ashburton to the north .
Ashburton balls
Eiffelton 's major claim to fame is that in 1978 , it was the site of the discovery of an object similar to the Ashburton balls six years after the original balls were found . The balls were pieces of space debris from the failed Russian space vessel Cosmos 482 .
Religion
Eiffelton once had a Catholic church . Mass was first said in the area in 1888 in Waterton 's town hall , but it was subsequently held in Eiffelton at either the school or the town hall . On 4 June 1961 , a proper church was built , the Church of St Thomas More , and 300 people gathered for its formal opening . It seated 80 for regular services , but declining attendance meant that Mass was held only monthly in the early 1970s . It closed on 7 November 1976 , with the altar taken to a church in Hinds and the church 's building moved to a nearby site to be used by local scouts .
Services
Eiffelton has a town hall and formerly had a primary school . As of 2000 , it merged with two other nearby schools and relocated to a site in Willowby . It also had a play centre for children under primary school age , but between 2001 and 2005 , the play centre also relocated to Willowby .
Transport
Eiffelton is not located on major transport routes . It is not far from State Highway 1 and the Main South Line railway , which both pass through Hinds .
Demographics
The Eiffelton statistical area , which also includes Ashton , Flemington , Huntingdon , Lake Hood , Longbeach , Waterton and Willowby , covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2 .
Eiffelton had a population of 2,466 at the 2018 New Zealand census , an increase of 240 people ( 10.8 % ) since the 2013 census , and an increase of 678 people ( 37.9 % ) since the 2006 census . There were 870 households . There were 1,293 males and 1,170 females , giving a sex ratio of 1.11 males per female . The median age was 38.1 years ( compared with 37.4 years nationally ) , with 546 people ( 22.1 % ) aged under 15 years , 429 ( 17.4 % ) aged 15 to 29 , 1,179 ( 47.8 % ) aged 30 to 64 , and 312 ( 12.7 % ) aged 65 or older .
Ethnicities were 88.2 % European/Pākehā , 5.1 % Māori , 0.7 % Pacific peoples , 7.5 % Asian , and 3.2 % other ethnicities ( totals add to more than 100 % since people could identify with multiple ethnicities ) .
The proportion of people born overseas was 16.9 % , compared with 27.1 % nationally .
Although some people objected to giving their religion , 46.4 % had no religion , 44.5 % were Christian , 1.0 % were Hindu , 0.5 % were Buddhist and 0.7 % had other religions .
Of those at least 15 years old , 333 ( 17.3 % ) people had a bachelor or higher degree , and 363 ( 18.9 % ) people had no formal qualifications . The median income was $ 43,700 , compared with $ 31,800 nationally . The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,140 ( 59.4 % ) people were employed full-time , 372 ( 19.4 % ) were part-time , and 30 ( 1.6 % ) were unemployed .
References
Ashburton District
Populated places in Canterbury , New Zealand
Wassberg may refer to :
People
Roy Wassberg , a Norwegian footballer , most known for his two runs in SK Brann
Thomas Wassberg , a Swedish former cross-country skier
Places
a mountain which is part of the Forch area in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland
Smallpox Bay is a bay on the west side of San Juan Island in the U.S. state of Washington .
Smallpox Bay was named for the fact that a group of indigenous victims of the 1862 Pacific Northwest smallpox epidemic died there and their corpses burned by US officers .
References
Bodies of water of San Juan County , Washington
Bays of Washington ( state )
Upstage ( also known as The Mask of Comedy ) is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film directed by Monta Bell , starring Norma Shearer and New York musical comedy star Oscar Shaw .
Plot
Dolly ( Norma Shearer ) is a stagestruck girl whose career has begun to wane until she displays show-must-go-on courage by standing-in as target in a knife-throwing act .
Cast
Norma Shearer - Dolly Haven
Oscar Shaw - Johnny Storm
Tenen Holtz - Sam Davis
Gwen Lee - Dixie Mason
Dorothy Phillips - Miss Weaver
J. Frank Glendon - Mr. Weston
Ward Crane - Wallace King
Charles Meakin - Stage Manager
John T. Bambury - Midget ( uncredited )
Preservation status
A print of the film has been preserved by MGM .
References
External links
1926 films
1926 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films about actors
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
The Neda ( ) is a river in the western Peloponnese in Greece . It is long , and its drainage area is . It is unique in the sense that it is the only river in Greece with a feminine name .
Geography
The river begins on the southern slope of Mount Lykaion , near the village of Neda in northern Messenia . It flows to the west through a varied landscape of barren rock and forests . From near Figaleia until its mouth it forms the border of Messenia and Elis . There is a well known waterfall near the village Platania . The Neda flows into the Gulf of Kyparissia , a bay of the Ionian Sea , near the village Giannitsochori .
Places along the river
The Neda flows along the villages Neda , Kakaletri , Figaleia , Platania , Karyes and Giannitsochori .
See also
List of rivers in Greece
References
Landforms of Elis
Landforms of Messenia
Rivers of Greece
Rivers of Peloponnese ( region )
Rivers of Western Greece
Drainage basins of the Ionian Sea
Geoff Bloes ( born June 3 , 1985 ) is a former American soccer player .
Career
College
Bloes attended Middletown High School and played college soccer at Shippensburg University , where he set new school records for goals ( 51 ) and points ( 130 ) , and finished second in school history with 28 assists . As a senior in 2007 , he scored 13 goals and 35 points en route to his second straight Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference Athlete of the Year Award ; he was also named the Division II Northeast Region Player of the Year . Bloes was a three-time All-PSAC First Team selection , and in 2007 , he became only the second player in school history to earn Division II First Team All-American honors .
Professional
Bloes turned professional when he signed with Harrisburg City Islanders of the USL Second Division in 2008 . He made his professional debut on June 28 , 2008 , as a substitute in a 1–1 tie with the Wilmington Hammerheads . On February 2 , 2010 , Harrisburg City announced the re-signing of Bloes for the 2010 season .
Geoff is currently a Logistics Manager in Elizabethtown , Pennsylvania , for an animal health company .
References
External links
Harrisburg City Islanders bio
Shippensburg bio
1985 births
Living people
American soccer players
Penn FC players
USL Second Division players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from Pennsylvania
Association football midfielders
Tibor Zátek ( born 14 June 1971 ) is a former Slovak football player .
Zátek played for Dukla Banská Bystrica before moving to Czech Baník Ostrava in 1997 . In 1999 , he moved to 1 . FC Košice in Slovakia . After playing another two seasons at MFK Ružomberok , Zátek moved to Austria , where he played for several lower-division clubs . Today he lives in Southern Germany ( Freiburg im Breisgau ) .
External links
Profile at SV Mattersburg website
Slovak footballers
Slovakia international footballers
1971 births
Living people
FC Baník Ostrava players
MFK Ružomberok players
SV Mattersburg players
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Association football defenders
People from Čadca
Rose Ave. ( stylized in all lowercase ) is the debut studio album by North American folk music duo You+Me , consisting of Dallas Green and Alecia Moore ( Pink ) . The album was released on October 14 , 2014 through RCA and Dine Alone records . All songs were written and produced by Pink and Green except `` No Ordinary Love '' , a song by English band Sade . The album debuted at number-one on the Canadian Albums Chart and at number-four on the Billboard 200 .
Background
Pink and Green had considered collaborating for several years . In March 2014 , their schedules allowed them to get together . The intent was to sit down and explore the possibilities , not to produce an album . They had written bits and pieces in advance . Pink booked a studio as a precaution , and the two artists spent a full week in the studio writing and recording . The record label was unaware of the efforts . The album was almost entirely recorded within the week . The artists said the lack of the usual production pressures made it a rewarding experience . According to Green `` this album is very personal for us . '' Pink said `` The fact that there were no expectations – I think that 's what made it so freeing ( ... ) I just felt like I was doing it because I loved it . '' Once the recordings were done , the artists handed the project over to the record label . The album was named after the recording studio 's location .
Release
The album was released on October 14 , 2014 . Three of the songs premiered on the duo 's Vevo channel prior to the album 's release . The first single `` You and Me '' premiered on September 8 , 2014 , and was followed by `` Break the Cycle '' and `` Capsized '' . Pink wrote `` Break the Cycle '' as a letter to her mother . The duo described their collaboration and songwriting process in two videos posted on their Vevo channel . The duo 's first performance was on October 9 , 2014 , in Santa Monica , California .
Promotion
On October 11 , 2014 , Pink and Green were interviewed on National Public Radio and described the circumstances of the first time they sang together . On October 13 , 2014 , the duo performed `` You and Me '' on the Ellen DeGeneres Show , and Pink took part in an interview . On October 15 , videos of the duo 's first live performance were released on the+Me official Vevo channel . On October 16 , the duo performed `` You and Me '' on the Jimmy Kimmel Show . On October 23 , the duo performed at the Los Angeles House of Blues , and the proceeds benefited Saint John 's Health Center cancer prevention program .
Critical reception
AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine said about the atmosphere of the album : `` sparseness [ of arrangements ] suggests intimacy and the prevalence of minor keys ( ... ) suggests melancholy , two elements that make Rose Ave. feel cozy even when the music plays fairly broadly . '' Caroline Sullivan of The Guardian noticed the two voices together : `` the pair explore pastoral byways , and it 's a partnership of equals – while Pink often dominates their harmonies due to the featheriness of Green 's voice , she gives him plenty of space . ''
Commercial performance
In Canada , the album debuted at number-one on the Canadian Albums Chart , selling 23,000 copies . In the United States , the album debuted at number-four on the Billboard 200 , selling 50,000 copies . The album debuted in the top 10 in Australia , New Zealand , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , and the United Kingdom .
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from AllMusic .
Dallas Green – primary artist , guitar , percussion , producer , vocals
Alecia Moore – primary artist , percussion , producer , unknown instrument , vocals
Stevie Blacke – arranger , strings
Matt Kelly – organ , pedal steel , piano , wurlitzer
Alex Newport – bass , mixing
John X. Volaitis – engineer , mixing
Tom Coyne – mastering
Elliot Lee Hazel – photography
Jeri Heiden – art direction , design
Nick Steinhardt – art direction , design
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Promotional singles
Certifications
References
2014 debut albums
RCA Records albums
Dine Alone Records albums
You+Me albums
Araksi Çetinyan ( ) was the winner of the first beauty contest held in the newly founded Turkish Republic .
The pageant was held by İpek Film on May 3 , 1925 or 1926 ( sources differ ) at Istanbul 's Beyoğlu Melek Cinema Hall ( present-day Emek Cinema Hall ) . However , the contest was not considered serious and was subsequently annulled due to favouritism and lack of organisation . Mustafa Özgur of Vakit newspaper wrote : `` In 1926 , at a beauty contest attempted by İpek Film Şirketi , an Armenian girl named Miss Araksi Çetinyan was chosen as the winner ; however , the contest , which Turkish girls took no interest in , was ultimately disregarded . ''
In 1929 Çetinyan participated at the first Miss Turkey competition and finished in 3rd place after Feriha Tevfik and Semine Nihat . She was of Armenian descent .
References
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
Turkish people of Armenian descent
Turkish beauty pageant winners
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing
Regina Blois Duarte ( born 5 February 1947 ) is a Brazilian actress who briefly served as Special Secretary of Culture , a cabinet position in President Jair Bolsonaro 's federal administration , from March to May 2020 .
Political activities
Her efforts against former Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva ( of the Workers ' Party ) in the 2002 elections caused considerable controversy . Duarte appeared in a TV advertisement saying that she was afraid of what could happen to Brazil if Lula won :
She was also involved in the short-lived polemic organization Cansei .
Special Secretary of Culture
Following Roberto Alvim 's controversy and subsequent removal from office in January 2020 , Duarte was invited to be Special Secretary of Culture . At first , she did not accept the job , but on January 29 , Duarte announced after a meeting that she had decided to accept the position . On March 4 , 2020 , she took office as the fourth Special Secretary of Culture in Jair Bolsonaro 's government .
Duarte 's time as secretary had no shortage of controversies , the most recent of which happened on May 7 . During an interview with CNN Brazil , Duarte minimized the negative aspects of the Military dictatorship in Brazil , such as assassination and torture . When questioned by a fellow actress , Maitê Proença , about her plans to help artists during the COVID-19 pandemic , Duarte abruptly ended the interview .
On May 20 , 2020 , Bolsonaro posted a video to Twitter in which , alongside Duarte , he announces her transfer from Special Secretary of Culture to president of Cinemateca Brasileira , an institution in São Paulo responsible for the preservation of Brazilian audiovisual production . In the video , Duarte states that , while living in Brasília , she misses her family , and that a transfer to São Paulo would mean she could live with her relatives again . Her successor as Special Secretary of Culture was Mário Frias , who took office on June 23 , 2020 .
Filmography
Television
Film
1968 - Lance Maior - Cristina
1969 - A Compadecida - Compadecida
1975 - O Auto da Compadecida
1976 - Chão Bruto - Sinhana
1977 - Parada 88 , o Limite de Alerta - Ana
1978 - Daniel , Capanga de Deus - Beatriz / Sandra
1981 - The Underground Man - Luisa dos Santos
1982 - O Homem do Pau-Brasil - Lalá
1983 - O Cangaceiro Trapalhão - Aninha
1984 - São Bernardo - Madalena
1985 - Happily Ever After - Fernanda
1995 - La Lona
2000 - Um Anjo Trapalhão
2003 - Olga Del Volga - unfinished to this day
2012 - Astro : An Urban Fable in a Magical Rio De Janeiro
2014 - Gata Velha Ainda Mia
Theater
1966 - A Megera Domada
1967 - Black-Out - uma adolescente
1969 - Romeu e Julieta - Julieta Capuleto
1971 - Dom Quixote , Mula Manca e seu Fiel Companheiro
1975 - Réveillon - Janete
1978 - O Santo Inquérito - Branca Dias
1986 - Miss Banana - musical
1992 - A Vida É Sonho - Segismundo
2001 - Honra - Norah
2005 - Coração Bazar
2013 - Bem-Vindo , Estranho - Jaki
Awards
Awards IstoÉ Gente
2006 - personalidade the year in television ( IstoÉ Gente )
Awards Contigo
1997 - the body of work ( in performance in Por Amor
Professional Quality Award
2002 - the body of work ( in performance in Desejos de Mulher
Globe Award for Best Actress
1971 - by `` Patrícia '' , in Minha Doce Namorada
Press Award for Best Actress
1965 - by `` Malu '' , in A Deusa Vencida ( actress revelation )
1967 - by `` Bete '' , in Os Fantoches
1970 - by `` Ritinha '' , in Irmãos Coragem
1972 - by `` Simone '' e `` Rosana '' , in Selva de pedra
1973 - received the award for best actress in Carinhoso as another actress thought deserved the prize offered for Eva Wilma .
1979 - by `` Malu '' , in Malu Mulher
1985 - by `` Viúva Porcina '' , in Roque Santeiro
APCA Award / TV Actress
1979 - by Malu Mulher
1980 - by Malu Mulher
1985 - by Roque Santeiro
References
External links
|- style= '' background : # ddd ; ''
| colspan= '' 5 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | APCA Awards
|-
|- style= '' background : # ddd ; ''
| colspan= '' 5 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | Troféu Imprensa
|-
1947 births
Living people
People from Franca
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian stage actresses
Brazilian telenovela actresses
Brazilian film actresses
20th-century Brazilian actresses
21st-century Brazilian actresses
Patissa intersticalis is a moth of the family Crambidae . It is found in Sri Lanka .
References
Moths described in 1908
Schoenobiinae
Karkan or Karakan or Korkan ( ) may refer to :
Karkan , _Gilan , Bandar_e Anzali
Karkan , East Azerbaijan
Karkan , Fars
Karkan , Hamadan
Karkan-e Olya , Lorestan Province
Karkan , Markazi
Karkan-e Bala , Markazi Province
Karkan-e Pain , Markazi Province
Alfred Garneau ( 1836–1904 ) was a poet who was born in Quebec , Canada on December 20 , 1836 . His father was François-Xavier Garneau .
Garneau 's Life
Alfred was the eldest son of François-Xavier Garneau ( 1809-1866 ) . Alfred was a well-educated young boy , who went to a seminary and was called in 1860 . After Seminary School he then studied to become a lawyer . In 1861 he joined the Canadian civil service , and was appointed to Chief French Translator for the Senate of Canada in 1873 .
His grandson Hector de Saint-Denys Garneau ( 1912-1943 ) was a poet and painter .
Garneau 's Works
Alfred Garneau 's works include the Le Foyer Canadien , Histoire du Canada , and Poésies . Alfred worked on these articles as an editor and as an author , some say he had co-written these books , while others say he had others write for him .
References
1836 births
1904 deaths
19th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Writers from Quebec
Canadian poets in French
19th-century Canadian male writers
Washington Hill is a neighborhood in Baltimore , Maryland , United States . It is north of Fells Point , south of Johns Hopkins Hospital , east of Old Town and Jonestown and west of Butchers Hill . It is bounded by Fayette Street , Washington Street , Lombard Street , and Central Avenue . The neighborhood surrounds Broadway ( formerly known as Market Street in Colonial times ) running north from Fells Point to terminate at East North Avenue and is named for the now-defunct Washington Medical College later known as the Church Home and Hospital on Broadway where famed writer/poet Edgar Allan Poe was taken to die in 1849 after being found comatose in a downtown Baltimore street . In the median strip of Broadway is a statue of seven-term mayor of Baltimore , Ferdinand Claiborne Latrobe .
City Springs School , a charter school for the Baltimore Curriculum Project , is located in Washington Hill . City Springs was the second school in Baltimore City history to be removed from the state 's `` recon list '' of failing schools . Fairmount Heights Vocational High School ( now closed ) is in the area . Also nearby is City Springs Park , which contains recreational facilities .
Demographics
As of the census of 2010 , there were 7,937 people living in the neighborhood . The racial makeup of Washington Hill was 29.1 % White , 57.2 % African American , 1.3 % Native American , 2.2 % Asian , 3.1 % from other races , and 2.2 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.3 % of the population . 34.0 % of occupied housing units were owner-occupied . 10.0 % of housing units were vacant .
Washington Hill is home to many descendants of Irish , Czech , Russian , and Polish immigrants , as well as Appalachian people and Lumbee Native Americans .
60.0 % of the population were employed , 7.7 % were unemployed , and 31.9 % were not in the labor force . The median household income was $ 36,138 . About 16.3 % of families and 23.8 % of the population were below the poverty line .
Urban Redevelopment
In 1974 Citizens for Washington Hill was established as a federal and city sponsored organization to create a revitalization plan for the community . Betty Hyatt became the leader of the community organization that subsequently led the development of artists housing and studios in the 1500 and 1600 blocks of East Baltimore St , the renovation of a significant number of blocks of housing throughout the neighborhood , and the creation of Washington Hill Mutual Homes , a very successful community housing cooperative . With over 200 resident-owned dwellings that dominate Broadway and the blocks of East Fairmount and East Baltimore Streets , the development has been a model for community-led urban housing development having been visited by Prince Charles of England and President Jimmy Carter .
References
External links
Citizens for Washington Hill
Demographics from Neighborhood Indicators Alliance
Appalachian culture in Baltimore
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Baltimore National Heritage Area
German-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Irish-American culture in Baltimore
Lumbee
Polish-American culture in Baltimore
Russian-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Southeast Baltimore
Ajahn Viradhammo or Luang Por Viradhammo ( born Vitauts Akers , April 27 , 1947 Esslingen , Germany ) is a Canadian monk in the Thai forest tradition of Theravada Buddhism . He was ordained as a monk in 1974 by Ajahn Chah at Wat Nong Pah Pong monastery and became one of the first residents at Wat Pah Nanachat , the international monastery in north-east Thailand . Luang Por Viradhammo is the most senior Thai Forest monk in Canada and currently the Abbot of Tisarana Buddhist Monastery in Perth , Ontario . Luang Por means Venerable Father ( หลวงพ่อ ) , an honorific and term of affection in keeping with Thai custom ; ajahn means teacher .
Biography
Ajahn Viradhammo ( Vitauts Akers ) was born in Esslingen , Germany where his parents had become refugees after fleeing from the Soviet re-occupation of Latvia in 1944 . He , his parents and two year older brother immigrated to Toronto , Canada in 1951 .
Ajahn Viradhammo 's parents were both Lutheran and he himself was confirmed in the Lutheran Church . His early experiences of silence and pure awareness came at around the age of five but it was not until much later that he was able to explain them .
He started in an Engineering program at the University of Toronto at the age of sixteen but quickly discovered that this was not his vocation and , in 1969 , decided to travel to satisfy his continued search for meaning , first in North Africa and then in Europe and finally in Almora , India , near the Nepalese border . It was while reading a book by J. Krishnamurti that Ajahn Viradhammo re-lived his experiences of pure , non-dual awareness that he had had as a child . While living in India in 1969 he met the late Sāmanera Bodhesako , who introduced him to the teachings of the Buddha , which led him to travel to Thailand and become a novice at Wat Mahathat in 1973 .
Monasteries in the UK , New Zealand and Canada
In 1977 Ajahn Chah asked him to join Ajahn Sumedho at the Hampstead Vihāra in London and later helped establish both the Chithurst Buddhist Monastery and Aruna Ratanagiri monastery in the UK , where he was abbot . In 1985 he was invited by the Wellington Theravāda Buddhist Association to move to New Zealand where he lived for 10 years , helping build Bodhinyānārāma monastery . In 1995 he came to the UK to assist Ajahn Sumedho the then Abbot of Amarāvati . He stayed in the UK for four years before returning to New Zealand , where he lived until 2002 .
Starting in 2002 , Ajahn Viradhammo lived in Ottawa , caring for his mother until her death in 2011 . In 2006 , with the support of the Ottawa Buddhist Society , affiliated Buddhist groups in Ontario , Canada and abroad , Ajahn Viradhammo founded the Tisarana Buddhist Monastery , of which he is the abbot . The monastery is located in Perth , Ontario about sixty kilometers southwest of Ottawa .
Publications
Audio Recordings
Dhamma talks on iTunes
Dhamma talks on Amaravati Web Site
References
External links
Bodhinyānārāma monastery
Amaravati monastery
Tisarana monastery
1947 births
Latvian expatriates in Germany
Latvian emigrants to Canada
Former Lutherans
Converts to Buddhism from Protestantism
Canadian Buddhist monks
Thai Forest Tradition monks
Theravada Buddhism writers
Living people
The Gell-Mann and Low theorem is a theorem in quantum field theory that allows one to relate the ground ( or vacuum ) state of an interacting system to the ground state of the corresponding non-interacting theory . It was proved in 1951 by Murray Gell-Mann and Francis E. Low . The theorem is useful because , among other things , by relating the ground state of the interacting theory to its non-interacting ground state , it allows one to express Green 's functions ( which are defined as expectation values of Heisenberg-picture fields in the interacting vacuum ) as expectation values of interaction picture fields in the non-interacting vacuum . While typically applied to the ground state , the Gell-Mann and Low theorem applies to any eigenstate of the Hamiltonian . Its proof relies on the concept of starting with a non-interacting Hamiltonian and adiabatically switching on the interactions .
History
The theorem was proved first by Gell-Mann and Low in 1951 , making use of the Dyson series . In 1969 Klaus Hepp provided an alternative derivation for the case where the original Hamiltonian describes free particles and the interaction is norm bounded . In 1989 Nenciu and Rasche proved it using the adiabatic theorem . A proof that does not rely on the Dyson expansion was given in 2007 by Molinari .
Statement of the theorem
Let be an eigenstate of with energy and let the 'interacting ' Hamiltonian be , where is a coupling constant and the interaction term . We define a Hamiltonian which effectively interpolates between and in the limit and . Let denote the evolution operator in the interaction picture . The Gell-Mann and Low theorem asserts that if the limit as of
exists , then are eigenstates of .
Note that when applied to , say , the ground-state , the theorem does not guarantee that the evolved state will be a ground state . In other words , level crossing is not excluded .
Proof
As in the original paper , the theorem is typically proved making use of Dyson 's expansion of the evolution operator . Its validity however extends beyond the scope of perturbation theory as has been demonstrated by Molinari . We follow Molinari 's method here . Focus on and let . From Schrödinger 's equation for the time-evolution operator
and the boundary condition we can formally write
Focus for the moment on the case . Through a change of variables we can write
We therefore have that
This result can be combined with the Schrödinger equation and its adjoint
to obtain
The corresponding equation between is the same . It can be obtained by pre-multiplying both sides with , post-multiplying with and making use of
The other case we are interested in , namely can be treated in an analogous fashion
and yields an additional minus sign in front of the commutator ( we are not concerned here with the case where
have mixed signs ) . In summary , we obtain
We proceed for the negative-times case . Abbreviating the various operators for clarity
Now using the definition of we differentiate and eliminate derivatives using the above expression , finding
where . We can now let as by assumption the in left hand side is finite . We then clearly see that is an eigenstate of and the proof is complete .
References
1 .
2 . K. Hepp : Lecture Notes in Physics ( Springer-Verlag , New York , 1969 ) , Vol . 2 .
3 . G. Nenciu and G. Rasche : `` Adiabatic theorem and Gell-Mann-Low formula '' , Helv . Phys . Acta 62 , 372 ( 1989 ) .
4 .
5 . A.L . Fetter and J.D . Walecka : `` Quantum Theory of Many-Particle Systems '' , McGraw–Hill ( 1971 )
Quantum field theory
Theorems in quantum mechanics
Sunferries was a ferry company based in Townsville , Queensland .
It operated both ferry services to Magnetic Island and Palm Island , as well as charter and tour vessel services to the Great Barrier Reef .
In March 2011 it was acquired by the SeaLink Travel Group and was rebranded Sealink .
See also
Transport in Townsville , Queensland
References
Ferry companies of Queensland
Transport in Queensland
Transport in Townsville
Companies based in Queensland
Strathcona-Westmin Provincial Park is a Class B provincial park located at the southern extremity of Buttle Lake on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada . The park was separated out from Strathcona Provincial Park by BC Parks in 1987 so that mining operations could proceed within park boundaries . Strathcona-Westmin is expected to be reabsorbed into Strathcona Provincial Park once mining operations cease .
Description
Strathcona-Westmin hosts a dense temperate rainforest ecosystem set in the rugged terrain of the central Vancouver Island Ranges . Much like the surrounding park , Strathcona-Westmin is a popular destination for hiking , backcountry camping , and fishing .
The park also features Myra Falls , a tiered waterfall that empties into Buttle Lake , and Upper Myra Falls , a punchbowl waterfall located further upstream .
Myra Falls Operation
Myra Falls Operation is an underground mine located within a large stratiform basin in the centre of Strathcona-Westmin Provincial Park . It is owned by Nyrstar Myra Falls Ltd. , a subsidiary of European mining company Nyrstar . Mining operations were first approved by the Ministry of Mines and Petroleum Resources on 6 April 1970 . The mine started as two small open pits , but quickly became an underground mine with several expansions made since 1980 .
The mine produces ore containing copper , lead , zinc , gold , and silver . It has an annual capacity of 1.4 million tonnes of ore .
See also
Hamber Provincial Park
Sooke Mountain Provincial Park
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Mid Vancouver Island
1989 establishments in British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1989
Jamna may refer to :
Jamna ( bird ) , an extinct passeriform bird from early Oligocene deposits in Poland
Jamna , Slovenia , a settlement in northeastern Slovenia
Jamna , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , a village in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland
Jamna Górna and Jamna Dolna , two non-existing villages in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland
Yamuna River , also known as Jamna , a major river of northern India
Jamna , the stream in the city of Mikołów , Silesia , Poland
Popular Front of Islamic Revolution Forces ( JAMNA ) , political organization in Iran
See also
Yamna ( disambiguation )
Jamuna ( disambiguation )
Jamna Auto Industries , an Indian multinational Automotive parts company
SC Dynamo Slovyansk was a Ukrainian football club from Sloviansk .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
| }
See also
FC Slavkhlib Slovyansk
References
Football clubs in Sloviansk
Dynamo Sloviansk
Association football clubs established in 1994
Association football clubs disestablished in 1996
1994 establishments in Ukraine
1996 disestablishments in Ukraine
is a former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan 's Pacific League .
External links
1980 births
Living people
Baseball people from Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Orix BlueWave players
Orix Buffaloes players
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles players
Manipur Zoological Garden ( ) is a zoo in Iroisemba , Manipur . It is the second habitat of Sangai ( Cervus eldi eldi ) , the world 's only dancing deer species , after the Keibul Lamjao National Park , the world 's only floating national park . It is a medium sized zoological garden . It houses Schedule 1 species of amphibians , birds , mammals and reptiles . The animals kept in the zoo are mostly endemic to Manipur . The Central Zoo Authority of India recognized it as the coordinating zoo for the conservation breeding center of Sangai and Serow ( ) .
The best time to visit the zoo during summer is from April to September . The best time during Winter is from October to March . Monday is usually closed .
History
The Manipur Zoological Garden was established on 2 October 1976 .
Location
The Manipur Zoological Garden is located in Iroisemba town along the Imphal-Kangchup road . It is in the Imphal West District . It is 5–6 km away from Imphal .
Features
The zoo offers its visitors to have an opportunity to see the graceful Sangai , the brow antlered deer . This deer is one of the rarest and one of the most endangered species in the world . This zoo is located at the foothills of the pine growing hillocks in the westernmost corner of Lamphelpat .
Conservation
It is an in situ conservation center of 45 endangered mammals , reptiles and birds . Many Schedule 1 species of mammals , reptiles , birds and amphibians are kept in the zoo . The animals endemic to Manipur are kept in the zoo . It is recognised as the coordinating zoo for the conservation breeding center of Sangai and Serow ( ) by the Central Zoo Authority of India .
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world 's only floating national park in Manipur , India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur State Museum
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur , India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
References
Zoos in India
Buildings and structures in Manipur
Faith Broadcasting Network was a Christian television network owned and operated by the Faith Center church in Glendale , California .
Until the mid-1980s , FBN owned and operated WHCT-TV 18 in Hartford , Connecticut ( now Univision affiliate WUVN ) , KVOF-TV 38 in San Francisco ( now KCNS ) , and KHOF-TV ( today 's KPXN-TV ) 30 in San Bernardino , CA . During the same era the Faith Center owned and operated KHOF-FM which was licensed in the city of Los Angeles , CA .
KHOF-FM
An FM radio station was the first broadcast property owned by Faith Center and was constructed around 1955 . The transmitter site was located on a hill south of the junction of the Ventura and Glendale Freeways . Radio studios were originally in the pipe organ studios of Lorin Whitney in Glendale and later re-located to a rented store-front on Adams at the bottom west side of the transmitter hill . Studios were ultimately located at Faith Center when the church relocated to 1615 South Glendale Avenue in Glendale .
The station operated on FM frequency 99.5 MHz with an original power of 16,500 watts and later increased to 100,000 watts . The call letters of KHOF stood for the King 's Herald Of Faith . The original station manager was Jean Carpenter and Chief Engineer , Howard Bollanback . After Howard left , Jack Short became Chief Engineer until 1961 .
KHOF-TV
One of the early Christian television stations on the west coast was KHOF-TV . Faith Center constructed the station from ground up and signed it on the air in October 1969 . The transmission facilities were located on Sunset Ridge , which is about 20 miles east of Mount Wilson , where the major television stations for Los Angeles are located . The station was licensed to San Bernardino and broadcast on UHF television channel 30 . Programming originated at the transmitter facility , with video tape and film programming transported daily up the mountain for broadcast . A 30-mile microwave radio link was constructed from Faith Center in Glendale to Sunset Ridge which allowed for live programming , such as church services , telethons and festivals , to be broadcast .
KIFM
Around late 1971 Faith Center acquired an FM radio station in Bakersfield , California . The station operated on FM frequency 96.5 MHz with the call sign of KIFM . The call sign was passed along from the previous ownership and the meaning is assumed to have been Kings Inspirational FM , or Kings Inspiration For Man . The KIFM studios in Bakersfield were located in a renovated residence on South H Street . While KIFM had a small staff to program the station there was a radio link established where the programming from KHOF-FM was sent to the KIFM studios . This allowed for some KHOF-FM programming including live church services to be broadcast on the Bakersfield station .
WHCT-TV
On February 16 , 1972 Faith Center further expanded its ministries with the addition of WHCT in Hartford , Connecticut . WHCT was acquired from RKO General and broadcast on UHF television channel 18 . RKO donated the station to Faith Center . The call letters were passed along from the RKO ownership . The “ W ” in the call sign is the typical first letter of the FCC call sign for stations located east of the Mississippi River . While “ HCT ” without a doubt originally stood for Hartford , Connecticut ( CT ) there was a dual meaning of Hartford Christian Television . Studios were located at 555 Asylum Street in Hartford .
Unlike the other two television stations , WHCT remained a commercial station most of the broadcast day , at least initially . They signed on late morning , running rejected CBS shows , then religious shows early afternoon , a mix of cartoons , sitcoms , and westerns in the late afternoon and early evening , sports some evenings and Christian programming others . As sports contracts expired , the station gradually added more Christian programming and by 1974 was about half and half . Due to WHCT being across country , there was no economical means the station could be connected to Faith Center for live programming . Christian programming in the form of videotape and film was shipped from Faith Center to WHCT for airing on a part-time basis . By late 1975 , the station was about 2/3 Christian , with 1/3 from Faith Center and 1/3 from selling time but was down to about 9 hours a day .
In 1975 , Doctor Gene Scott took over Faith Center , and the station gradually cut the budget and stopped renewing most programming . Plans in 1975 were to sell Faith Center 's assets , with WHCT to be sold to the Christian Broadcasting Network and become a more conventional commercial independent station , with Christian programming late mornings and prime time . However , the planned sale was canceled in early 1976 . That fall , the station was nearly all Christian , but due to financial problems , WHCT was only on the air about 10 hours a day . By the fall of 1977 , WCHT aired Christian programming the entire broadcast day ( except for an hour ) , though the entire broadcast day was now down to about 8 hours . From 1977 to 1979 , all the outside Christian programming was gradually replaced with strictly religious shows with Gene Scott . In 1980 , with satellite technology , WHCT ran Faith Center programming full-time as well but hours were down to only a couple a day .
KVOF
Faith Center acquired a television station in San Francisco , California and signed it on the air on August 4 , 1974 . The call sign of KVOF which stood for King 's Voice Of Faith was assigned and the station transmitted on UHF channel 38 . Office facilities were located at 601 Tarval Drive in San Francisco , while the transmitter and tower were located atop San Bruno Mountain in Daly City . For several years , Christian programming was shipped to KVOF from Faith Center by ground carrier , similar to how programming was being sent to WHCT in Hartford . In 1978 , a microwave radio link was leased that interconnected Faith Center to KVOF , so programming could now originate in Glendale and be broadcast live on KVOF .
FBN Production Center
The demand of increased Christian programming for the five broadcast stations owned by Faith Center was met through the construction of a television production center . Production in the church auditorium was becoming very labor-intensive as it required setting up lights and sets for productions but then having to tear everything down for Wednesday and Sunday church services . This also required the disassembling and reassembly of the rows of folding chairs to accommodate the attendees of the church services . In circa 1973 Faith Center acquired the former Glendale Hardware store located on East Broadway in Glendale . The building was refurbished and converted into a three studio production facility . A microwave link was installed between the production center and Faith Center which allowed live broadcasts to originate from there .
See also
Faith Broadcasting Network Information Site
Eugene Scott
References
Evangelical television networks
Companies based in Glendale , California
Radio stations established in 1955
Television channels and stations established in 1969
1955 establishments in California
Religious television stations in the United States
Thomas Carter ( – August 1726 ) was an Irish politician . He was a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the borough of Fethard in County Tipperary from 1695 to 1703 , and for Portarlington from 1703 to 1713 .
References
1650 births
1726 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for County Tipperary constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for Portarlington
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Irish MPs 1703–1713
NYC Metro may refer to :
New York metropolitan area
New York City Subway
Manganese was an unincorporated community in Wood County , West Virginia , United States .
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Former populated places in West Virginia
S. Brainard Sons ( also known as S. Brainard 's Sons and S. Brainard & Sons ) was a music publisher , music periodical publisher , and musical instrument retailer based in Cleveland , Ohio and then Chicago , Illinois . The company was founded in 1836 by Silas Brainard with Henry J. Mould . The business published music and songbooks including political and patriotic music . Brainard also published the periodical Western Musical World which was eventually renamed Brainard 's Musical World . The Library of Congress has a collection of their sheet music . The New York Public Library has copies of their periodical in its collection .
History
Brainard sold Chickering & Sons pianos . It acquired Chicago publisher Root & Cady 's plates in 1871 after the Great Chicago Fire and eventually relocated to Chicago . After Brainard 's death in 1871 , the business passed to his two eldest sons , Charles Silas Brainard ( 1841-1897 ) and Henry Mould Brainard ( 1844-1918 ) . His third , and youngest son , Arthur W Brainard ( 1861-1942 ) , aged 10 , was considered too young to partake in the family business . Throughout the 1870 's and 1880 's , Charles and Henry continued their father 's work ; publishing vocal and instrumental music , songbooks , and political and patriotic songs . During this time , Henry Mould Brainard opened his own shop in Cleveland as an outfit for Steinway pianos .
In the mid-to-late 1880 's the Brainard family began to expand their businesses outside of Cleveland . In 1886 , Arthur W Brainard , now a developer and businessman , moved to California , where he contributed in founding and building the city of Sierra Madre . In 1889 Charles Silas Brainard and Henry Mould Brainard moved the company out of Cleveland , OH and into Chicago , IL , where it would remain until the 1930s .
From 1899 until his death , Thomas Sidwell ( 1860–1909 ) was President of S. Brainard Sons . Upon his death , management was carried on by his widow , Katie ( Kate H. Sim ; 1851–1936 ) , who , on January 24 , 1910 , re-married – in Highland , New York – to Edward Albert Stege ( Albert Eduard Gustav Stege ; 1861–1933 ) of Eldred , New York . Katie Stege ( under the name K. Sidwell ) , Edward A. Stege , and C.C . Beekman , in early 1910 , formed a corporation , `` The Edward A. Stege Co. , '' printers , engravers , bookbinders , etc .
Music periodical
The music journal was published from 1864 until 1895 when it was merged with Etude . The content of each issue included a musician 's biography . The publication competed with Root and Cady 's Song Messenger of the Northwest .
Karl Merz became an editor of Brainard 's Musical World .
Selected publications
School Chimes , A New School Music Book ( 1874 ) written by the hymn composer James Ramsey Murray
`` Weston 's March to Chicago '' ( 1867 ) , composed by Edward Mack ; publisher : ( List of songs about Chicago )
`` Keep the Horse Shoe Over the Door ''
Fanny Crosby 's Six Songs by Wurzel ( 1855 ) : `` O How Glad to Get Home '' , `` Honeysuckle Glen '' , `` The Church in the Wood , '' `` All Together Now '' , and `` Proud World , Good-by '' . The most popular of these songs was `` Rosalie , the Prairie Flower '' , about the death of a young girl . It was popularized in the 1850s by the Christy Minstrels ; it sold more than 125,000 copies of sheet music and earned nearly $ 3,000 in royalties for Root —and almost nothing for Crosby .
Francis Boott 's `` The Convict 's Lullaby '' ( Henry Kirke White ) ; revised 1874
William Krell 's `` Mississippi Rag '' January 27 , 1897 and `` Shake Yo ' Dusters of Piccaninny Rag ''
Eben Eugene Rexford 's `` Rosa Lee '' ( 1890 ) , music by H. C. Verner
Lucia di Lamermoor ( 1868 ) , arranged by Justin Holland
Gallery
References
Further reading
; ; .
< li >
< li >
Music publishing companies of the United States
Sheet music publishing companies
1836 establishments in Ohio
1895 disestablishments in Ohio
Companies based in Cleveland
Magazine publishing companies of the United States
American companies disestablished in 1895
American companies established in 1836
Esher Sixth Form College is an open access , non-selective 16-19 Academy located in the Thames Ditton , Surrey , England .
Rated as `` outstanding '' by Ofsted , as Esher College , it now has around 2000 students enrolled , with a catchment drawn from north Surrey and southwest London . They offer over 40 A Level and BTEC National courses , with the opportunity to combine both .
Location
Esher Sixth Form College is very close to the Thames Ditton railway station on the northern edge of Surrey . It is situated just south of the roundabout of the A309 and B364 .
History
Grammar school
The site was formerly Esher County Grammar School which moved there in 1965 , having been established as Surbiton County Grammar in the 1920s . The original Surbiton site is now occupied by the Hollyfield School .
Sixth form college
The transformation into a sixth form college began in 1974 with the last intake of grammar school pupils . It became a wholly sixth form college in 1979 , by which time it was known as Esher College and had approximately 1000 students . It has since expanded , and the 2021 prospectus describes the college as ' a community of over 1900 full-time students ' .
16-19 Academy
It became a 16-19 Academy in September 2019 and changed its name to 'Esher Sixth Form College '
Former pupils
India de Beaufort , actress
Finn Cole , actor
Josh Franceschi , ( You Me at Six lead singer )
Mike Galsworthy , science researcher and pro-EU advocate
Camilla Kerslake , singer
Keira Knightley , actress
Ray Lewington , Watford F.C . assistant manager
Jamie T , musician
Ruth Wilson , actress
References
External links
Esher Sixth Form College official website
Esher College OFSTED Report
EduBase
Sixth form colleges in Surrey
Learning and Skills Beacons
Educational institutions established in 1974
Khorramdarreh ( ; also known as Estakhr-e Derāz , Khowrmowdīyeh , and Khowrmowdūyeh ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . According to the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 6 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Cape Shelagsky or Cape Shelag ( ; ) , also known as Erri by the Siberian Yupik , is a headland situated in eastern Siberia , Russia on the shores of the East Siberian Sea .
The cape was named after the Shelags , a little-known ethnic group that lived on the Arctic coast to the east of Cape Shelagsky .
Geography
It is the eastern headland at the entrance of Chaun Bay . The cape is located at the western end of the Shelag Range , the northwesternmost subrange of the Chukotka Mountains .
References
Bays of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug
Bays of the East Siberian Sea
Tarand may refer to :
People
Andres Tarand ( born 1940 ) , Estonian politician
Helmut Tarand ( 1911–1987 ) , Estonian poet , philiogist and cultural figure
Indrek Tarand ( born 1964 ) , Estonian politician
Kaarel Tarand ( born 1966 ) , Estonian journalist
Places
Tarand-e Bala , village in Tehran Province , Iran
Tarand-e Pain , village in Tehran Province , Iran
Tarand Rural District , administrative subdivision of Tehran Province , Iran
Other
Tarand ( animal ) , a legendary creature first mentioned by Pliny the Elder
Estonian-language surnames
Andrew Weber ( born August 9 , 1983 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Sporting Arizona FC .
Career
Youth and College
Weber played college soccer at the University of New Mexico where he holds UNM 's career records for games played ( 83 ) , minutes played ( 7,681 ) , goalie wins ( 50 ) , saves ( 350 ) , and shutouts ( 25 ) . He also played with the Cape Cod Crusaders and the Indiana Invaders in the USL Premier Development League , and was part of the squad which won the 2003 PDL title .
Professional
Weber began his professional career with D.C. United , signing as a developmental player on June 3 , 2005 , after impressing during a one-week trial . Although he did not play a game in Major League Soccer , he did take part in three match-ups with United 's reserve team . Weber joined Montreal Impact in the USL First Division in April 2006 , and went on to make 29 appearances for the Québécois team over the next two years . During the 2007 season he was loaned to the Impact 's farm team Trois-Rivières Attak of the Canadian Soccer League . He made his debut for the Attak on June 3 , 2007 in a match against the Portuguese Supra , which resulted in a 4–2 victory .
Weber signed with San Jose Earthquakes on February 11 , 2009 and made his league debut on September 27 , 2009 in a 2–1 win vs D.C. United . He was released by the team on June 29 , 2010 , but re-signed with San Jose on March 7 , 2011 . At season 's end , the club declined his 2012 contract option and he entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft . Weber was not selected in the draft and became a free agent .
He signed with Seattle Sounders FC for the 2012 season . At season 's end , Seattle declined his 2013 contract option and Weber entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft . Weber was not selected in the draft and became a free agent . He joined Phoenix FC in USL Pro for the 2013 season and later re-joined the Sounders on a loan ; he returned to Phoenix following the loan ( having made three starts in Seattle ) .
He joined the Portland Timbers ahead of the 2014 season .
Personal life
Weber and his twin brother Elliot were contestants on the 20th season of The Amazing Race . They ended up in 9th place out of 11 teams and were the third team eliminated in The Amazing Race 20 in Asunción , Paraguay .
Honors
Club
Cape Cod Crusaders
USL Premier Development League Champions ( 1 ) : 2003
Portland Timbers
MLS Cup : 2015
Western Conference ( playoffs ) : 2015
References
External links
Andrew Weber Interview
1983 births
Living people
The Amazing Race contestants
American soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Canadian Soccer League ( 2006–present ) players
Cape Cod Crusaders players
D.C. United players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
FC Arizona players
Indiana Invaders players
Major League Soccer players
Montreal Impact ( 1992–2011 ) players
National Premier Soccer League players
New Mexico Lobos men 's soccer players
San Jose Earthquakes players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Soccer players from Phoenix , Arizona
Soccer players from Austin , Texas
Trois-Rivières Attak players
Twin people from the United States
Twin sportspeople
USL Championship players
USL First Division players
USL League Two players
United Premier Soccer League players
Peter Ford , better known as Baby Ford , is a British electronic music record producer , known particularly for his contributions to the birth of acid house . He has also released material under aliases with Mark Broom ( Casino Classix , El Mal , Solcyc , & Perbec ) , Thomas Melchior ( Soul Capsule & Sunpeople ) , and Eon ( Minimal Man ) .
Career
Ford is influenced by Chicago musicians such as Marshall Jefferson , Ron Trent , Armando , and Larry Heard , and was one of the founders of the acid house scene in the United Kingdom . His early work was released on Rhythm King , including the club tracks `` Oochy Koochy ( F.U . Baby Yeah Yeah ) '' ( a No . 58 UK Singles Chart hit seen as the first British acid house record ) , and `` Chikki Chikki Ahh Ahh '' ( UK No . 54 ) . These two first singles appeared on the 2x12 '' EP `` Ford Trax '' ( BFORD3 . )
Both appeared in remixed form on the EP , and the original singles were remixed on a variety of different formats ( 12 '' and CD ) and energized the burgeoning UK acid-house scene . Sire Records in the US signed Baby Ford , as well as several other artists , on the Rhythm King label . Sire had been impressed with the label , but reportedly had concerns about how to effectively market Rhythm King artists in the US , as acid house had not broken into the US mainstream . The second album Oooh , the World of Baby Ford contained three singles , the most popular of which was a cover of Marc Bolan & T. Rex 's `` Children of the Revolution '' ( a UK No . 53 hit in 1989 ) . It was also a club hit across the globe , as was 1990 's `` Beach Bump '' ( UK No . 68 ) . The US released the `` Let 's Talk It Over '' EP in 1990 , with exclusive live tracks . The tracks were recorded on Baby Ford 's tour of the US , where he opened for Depeche Mode on several dates of their Violator tour .
The BFord9 album in 1992 revealed a different side of Ford 's electronic influences . The release incorporated minimal techno with trance-like elements , long before these genres became popular later in the decade . CJ Bolland contributed a mix of `` In Your Blood '' on BFord9 and `` Fetish '' was a club hit in both the UK and the US . Several of the songs on BFord9 were re-released by Aphex Twin on his Re-Phlex label in the late 1990s in a remixed format on `` Normal EP '' . Many of these remixes were recorded in 1992 .
Baby Ford , Eon , and Mark Broom continued their explorations into minimal electronic music throughout the 1990s and well into the next decade through the iFach , Pal-SL and Trelik Record labels . iFach Vol . 1 contained the first five releases on the iFach label .
Releases appeared on Sire , Source , and Insumision/Transglobal . He co-managed the labels Trelik and iFach , and worked with Trelik 's Ian Loveday . His remixing work includes tracks by Stefan Robbers and S'Express .
Discography
Albums
Ford Trax ( Rhythm King , 1988 , BFORD3 )
'Ooo ' The World of Baby Ford ( Rhythm King ( UK ) , Sire ( US ) , 1989 , BFORD5 )
BFord9 ( Transglobal ( Rhythm King ) ( UK ) , Sire ( US ) , 1992 )
Headphoneasyrider ( Blackmarket Records , 1997 , BFORD12 )
Sacred Machine ( Klang Electronic , 2001 )
Basking in the Brakelights ( EFA , 2003 )
Birds ( Pal , 2007 )
Singles and EPs
`` Oochy Koochy ( F.U . Baby Yeah Yeah ) '' ( Rhythm King 1988 ) ( BFORD1 ) - UK No . 58
`` Chikki Chikki Ahh Ahh '' ( Rhythm King 1988 ) ( BFORD2 ) - UK No . 54
`` Children of the Revolution '' ( Rhythm King 1989 ) ( BFORD4 ) - UK No . 53
`` Beach Bump '' ( Rhythm King 1990 ) ( BFORD6 ) - UK No . 68
`` Change '' ( Rhythm King 1990 ) ( BFORD7 )
`` In Your Blood '' ( Rhythm King 1992 ) ( BFORD8 )
`` Fetish '' ( Rhythm King 1992 ) ( BFORD10 )
`` Move-On '' ( Sire US 1992 ) ( US-only release )
`` Slow Hand '' ( PAL-SL 1 ) ( BFORD11 )
`` Tall Storey '' / `` Now and Then '' ( Source Records ) ( BFORD13 )
`` Night D3 Died EP '' ( PAL-SL 4 ) ( BFORD14 )
`` Normal EP '' ( Rephlex 1999 ) ( BFORD15 )
References
External links
Baby Ford site
Discogs : Baby Ford
The Garage Recording Studio : Baby Ford
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
British house musicians
British electronic musicians
British record producers
Rhythm King artists
Sire Records artists
Royal Air Force Welford or more simply RAF Welford is an active Royal Air Force station in Berkshire , England . The station is located approximately northwest of Newbury ; about west-southwest of London
Opened in 1943 , it was used during the Second World War by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces . During the war it was used primarily as a transport airfield . After the war it was closed in 1946 and placed in reserve status . As a result of the Cold War , the station was reopened in 1955 as a munitions depot by the United States Air Force .
Today it is one of the largest ammunition compounds for the United States Air Force in Western Europe for heavy munitions .
Location
RAF Welford is located in West Berkshire with a dedicated and rarely used access road leading to the station from the eastbound M4 motorway between junctions 13 and 14 to the west of the A34 junction with the M4 . The access road from the M4 is signposted `` Works Unit Only '' . The 1 mile marker sign did have the distinctive red border of a defence establishment until changes made in 2015 and a photo refers .
History
USAAF use
In October 1943 the airfield was allocated to Ninth Air Force IX Troop Carrier Command ( TCC ) . While under USAAF control , Welford was known as USAAF Station AAF-474 .
315th Troop Carrier Group
The 315th Troop Carrier Group arrived at Welford on 6 November 1943 from RAF Aldermaston flying C-47s and C-53s . Its squadrons and fuselage codes were :
34th Troop Carrier Squadron ( NM )
43d Troop Carrier Squadron ( UA )
309th Troop Carrier Squadron ( M6 )
310th Troop Carrier Squadron ( 4A )
The 315th TCG was part of the 52nd Troop Carrier Wing . On 7 February 1944 the group was transferred to RAF Spanhoe .
435th Troop Carrier Group
As part of the IX Troop Carrier Command 's desire to have its C-47 groups commence training with paratroops of the 101st Airborne Division deployed in the Salisbury Plain area , the squadrons of the 435th Troop Carrier Group arrived at Welford on 25 January 1944 from RAF Langar flying C-47s and C-53s . Its squadrons and fuselage codes were :
75th Troop Carrier Squadron ( SH )
76th Troop Carrier Squadron ( CW )
77th Troop Carrier Squadron ( IB )
78th Troop Carrier Squadron ( CM )
The 435th TCG was assigned to the 53d Troop Carrier Wing . In early February 1945 the group was moved to an Advanced Landing Ground at Breigny France ( A-48 ) .
USAF use
After being placed on a care and maintenance basis after the war , the station re-opened as the home of the 7531st Ammunition Squadron in September 1955 . In 2009 USAF staffing at Welford was reduced as part of USAF wide budgetary adjustments . The munitions base 's function is described as `` at its busiest when the US government deploys bombers to a forward air station at RAF Fairford '' . The bombers at RAF Fairford can include B-1 , B-2 and B-52 .
There are three public photos , possibly taken in 2007 , and a September 2014 aerial photo of the depot .
In May 2019 the USAF moved half a million pounds of net explosives weight from Newport Port , South Wales to RAF Welford . The vessel involved was the US Ocean ship Ocean Globe .
Based units
Welford is now under the command of the 420th Munitions Squadron , and comes under the command of the 501st Combat Support Wing , with headquarters at RAF Alconbury , which provides support to the Geographically Separated Units ( GSU ) s in the United Kingdom .
See also
List of Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
Freeman , Roger A . ( 1994 ) UK airfields of the Ninth : then and now , London : Battle of Britain Prints International ,
Maurer , Maurer ( 1983 ) Air Force combat units of World War II , Washington , D.C. : Office of Air Force History ,
External links
420th Munitions Squadron
- History of RAF Welford
Royal Air Force stations in Berkshire
Installations of the United States Air Force in the United Kingdom
Airfields of the IX Troop Carrier Command in the United Kingdom
RAF
Saudi Arabian media often attacks Jews in books , news articles , and mosques with what some describe as anti-Semitic satire . Saudi Arabian government officials and state religious leaders often promote the idea that Jews are conspiring to take over the entire world ; as proof of their claims , they publish and frequently cite The Protocols of the Elders of Zion as factual .
Antisemitism in public administration
Barring people with either Israeli passports or Israeli stamps in their passport from visiting Saudi Arabia , has been a long-established practice . When in February 2004 , Saudi Arabia started issuing visas to non-Muslims for the first time , in order to attract more foreign visitors , the website of the Saudi Arabian Supreme Commission for Tourism initially stated that Jews would not be granted tourist visas to enter the country . The discriminatory stipulation was widely reported and drew strong criticism , renewing the notion of Saudi Arabia being a `` backward country '' . Subsequently , the Saudi embassy in the U.S. distanced itself from the statement , apologizing for posting `` erroneous information '' , which was later removed .
Members of religions other than Islam , including Jews , are not permitted to practice their religion publicly in Saudi Arabia ; according to the U.S. State Department , religious freedom `` does not exist '' in Saudi Arabia . Islam is the official religion of Saudi Arabia , and the tenets of that religion are enforced by law .
Antisemitism in school textbooks
Saudi textbooks vilify Jews ( as well as Christians and non-Wahhabi Muslims ) : according to the 21 May 2006 issue of The Washington Post , Saudi textbooks claimed by them to have been `` sanitized '' of antisemitism still call Jews apes ( and Christians swine ) ; demand that students avoid and not befriend Jews ; claim that Jews worship the devil ; and encourage Muslims to engage in jihad to vanquish Jews .
The Center for Religious Freedom of Freedom House analyzed a set of Saudi Ministry of Education textbooks in Islamic studies courses for elementary and secondary school students . The researchers found statements promoting hatred of Christians , Jews , `` polytheists '' and other `` unbelievers , '' including non-Wahhabi Muslims . The fictitious Protocols of the Elders of Zion was being taught as historical fact . The texts described Jews and Christians as enemies of Muslims , and the clash between them was described as an ongoing fight that will end in victory over the Jews . Jews were blamed for virtually all the `` subversion '' and wars of the modern world . A of Saudi Arabia 's curriculum has been released to the press by the Hudson Institute .
Antisemitism in Saudi media
Saudi Arabian media often attacks Jews in books , news articles , and mosques with what some describe as anti-Semitic satire . Saudi Arabian government officials and state religious leaders often promote the idea that Jews are conspiring to take over the entire world ; as proof of their claims they publish and frequently cite The Protocols of the Elders of Zion as factual .
One Saudi Arabian government newspaper suggested that hatred of all Jews is justifiable . `` Why are they ( the Jews ) hated by all the people which hosted them , such as Iraq and Egypt thousands years ago , and Germany , Spain , France and the UK , up to the days they gained of power over the capital and the press , in order to rewrite the history ? ''
Even during the height of the Saudi crackdown on extremism in 2004 , a Saudi IQRA TV `` man on the street '' segment on feelings toward Jews , was entirely antagonistic . Interviewees described Jews as `` our eternal enemies '' , `` murderous '' , `` the enemies of Allah and His Prophet , '' `` murderers of prophets , '' `` the filthiest people on the face of this earth '' , etc .
In 2001 , Arab Radio and Television of Saudi Arabia produced a 30-part television miniseries entitled `` Horseman Without a Horse '' , a dramatization of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion . One Saudi Arabian government newspaper suggested that hatred of all Jews is justifiable .
Antisemitism in religious circles
Antisemitism is common within religious circles . Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais , the imam of the Grand mosque in Mecca , Saudi Arabia , has been described as an antisemite for publicly praying to God to 'terminate ' the Jews .
The BBC aired a Panorama episode , entitled A Question of Leadership , which reported that Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais , the leading imam of the Masjid al-Haram located in the Islamic holy city of Mecca , Saudi Arabia , referred to Jews as `` the scum of the human race '' and `` offspring of apes and pigs '' . Al-Sudais further stated : `` the worst [ ... ] of the enemies of Islam are those [ ... ] whom he [ ... ] made monkeys and pigs , the aggressive Jews and oppressive Zionists and those that follow them [ ... ] Monkeys and pigs and worshippers of false Gods who are the Jews and the Zionists . '' In another sermon , on 19 April 2002 , he declared that Jews are `` evil offspring , infidels , distorters of [ others ' ] words , calf-worshippers , prophet-murderers , prophecy-deniers [ ... ] the scum of the human race whom Allah cursed and turned into apes and pigs [ ... ] ''
See also
History of the Jews in Saudi Arabia
Islam and antisemitism
Israel–Saudi Arabia relations
References
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia
I 've Been Around is a 1935 American drama film directed by Philip Cahn and starring Chester Morris , Rochelle Hudson and G. P. Huntley . On their wedding night , a woman tells her husband that she loves another man .
Cast
Chester Morris as Eric Foster
Rochelle Hudson as Drue Waring
G. P. Huntley as Franklin 'Nick ' De Haven
Phyllis Brooks as Gay Blackstone
Gene Lockhart as Sammy Ames
Isabel Jewell as Sally Van Loan
Ralph Morgan as John Waring
William Stack as Doctor
Henry Armetta as Italian
Dorothy Christy as Girl
Verna Hillie as Girl
Jean Fenwick as Girl
Patricia Caron as Girl
Carol Wines as Girl
Dorothy Granger as Girl
Lorin Raker as Elevator Man
C. Daniel Whipple as Orchestra Leader
King Baggot as Doorman
Frances Morris as Nurse
Julie Kingdon as Maid
William H. O'Brien as Waiter
Gloria Ann White as Child
Virginia Odeon as Governess
Sidney Bracey as Alex , Nick 's Man
Patricia Chapman as Girl
Arnold Gray as Waiter
Jack Mulhall as Undetermiend Role
Betty Blythe as Woman
References
Bibliography
Quinlan , David . The Film Lover 's Companion : An A to Z Guide to 2,000 Stars and the Movies They Made . Carol Publishing Group , 1997 .
External links
1935 films
1935 drama films
American drama films
Universal Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by B. F. Zeidman
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The silvery-cheeked antshrike ( Sakesphoroides cristatus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae , the antbirds . It is the only member of the monotypic genus Sakesphoroides . Prior to 2022 , it was classified in the genus Sakesphorus , but it was reclassified into its own genus by the International Ornithological Congress based on the results of a 2021 molecular study .
It is endemic to Brazil . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
References
silvery-cheeked antshrike
Birds of the Caatinga
Endemic birds of Brazil
silvery-cheeked antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dock Walloper is a current comic book series from film star Edward Burns and Virgin Comics .
Credits
Dock Walloper was created by Edward Burns and is written by Burns and Jimmy Palmiotti , with art and color by Siju Thomas .
Synopsis
Dock Walloper is the story that takes place in the roaring 20 's of New York City . America 's great metropolis has become the nexus of high society culture , cutting edge industry and perhaps the most shocking crime wave in our country 's history . Known for its sinister and treacherous underworld , there 's a new power waking up the city that never sleeps . Its name ... John `` The Hand '' Smith .
The Nickname is a given . An outcast and an orphan , Smith 's massive right hand is nearly twice as large as his left , and when push comes to shove , you 'd pity anyone who gets in his way . Smith 's only friends in the world are a fellow orphan and low-rent black gangster nicknamed Bootsy , and an Asian femme fatale known as Ring-a-Ling . In a world of crime , passion , and a touch of the fantastic , they will attempt to change organized crime or die trying .
See also
Indian comics
1920s
External links
Comic Wire article
weblogs.variety article
Auburn Comics Article
2007 comics debuts
Virgin Comics titles
Georgios Argiropoulos ( born 20 January 1970 ) is a Greek racewalker . He competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1970 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Greek male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Greece
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Wangshi ( ) is a town of Jianli County , Jingzhou , in southern Hubei province , China .
Administrative divisions
, Wangshi had 2 residential communities ( ) and 23 villages ( ) under its administration .
Two residential communities :
Wangshi ( ) , Beikou ( )
Twenty-three villages :
Xiaotan ( ) , Gaoqiao ( ) , ( ) , Sanguan ( ) , Gaomiao ( ) , Gumiao ( ) , Hengdi ( ) , Jianxin ( ) , Beikou ( ) , Tiemiao ( ) , Yushi ( ) , Nianqiao ( ) , Wangshi ( ) , Xinlu ( ) , Zhoutai ( ) , Miaolu ( ) , Sansheng ( ) , Tiezui ( ) , Minglu ( ) , Datan ( ) , Liulian ( ) , Liuwang ( ) , Xinshan/sha ( )
See also
List of township-level divisions of Hubei
References
Township-level divisions of Hubei
Jingzhou
Bernardino de Anaya came to Peru in the middle of the 16th century and founded the city of Chachapoyas , Peru . Alderete Maldonado of Anaya , more known as the Admiral , settled down in Cusco and at present his house is a museum called The house of the Admiral . Also , Anaya was entrusted to kill the last Inca in Vilcabamba , but had no success , so they killed it .
References
16th-century Spanish people
People from Amazonas Region
Spanish city founders
Elmer Bragg Adams ( October 27 , 1842 – October 24 , 1916 ) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and of the United States Circuit Courts for the Eighth Circuit and previously was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri .
Education and career
Adams was born on October 27 , 1842 , in Pomfret , Vermont , a lineal descendant of Henry Adams of Braintree , Massachusetts . He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1865 and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1868 . He was a teacher for the American Union Commission in Georgia from 1865 to 1866 , and then engaged in the private practice of law in St. Louis , Missouri , from 1866 to 1879 . He was a state court judge of the St. Louis Circuit Court from 1879 to 1884 , thereafter returning to private practice in St. Louis until 1895 . He also received the degree LL.D . from the University of Missouri in 1896 .
Federal judicial service
Adams received a recess appointment from President Grover Cleveland on May 17 , 1895 , to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri vacated by Judge Henry Samuel Priest . He was nominated to the same position by President Cleveland on December 4 , 1895 . He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 9 , 1895 , and received his commission the same day . His service terminated on May 29 , 1905 , due to his elevation to the Eighth Circuit .
Adams received a recess appointment from President Theodore Roosevelt on May 20 , 1905 , to a joint seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and the United States Circuit Courts for the Eighth Circuit vacated by Judge Amos Madden Thayer . He was nominated to the same position by President Roosevelt on December 5 , 1905 . He was confirmed by the Senate on December 12 , 1905 , and received his commission the same day . On December 31 , 1911 , the Circuit Courts were abolished and he thereafter served only on the Court of Appeals . His service terminated on October 24 , 1916 , due to his death in St. Louis .
Personal life
Adams was married to Emma Richmond of Woodstock , Vermont in 1870 .
References
Sources
1842 births
1916 deaths
People from Pomfret , Vermont
Yale University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Missouri state court judges
Judges of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
United States federal judges appointed by Grover Cleveland
19th-century American judges
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Theodore Roosevelt
20th-century American judges
Judges of the United States circuit courts
Ron Galotti is an American former magazine executive . He was a corporate Vice President at Condè Nast and the publisher of such Newhouse owned publications as Vogue , GQ and Vanity Fair . Galotti famously left Condè Nast to found Talk magazine with editor Tina Brown , where he was president of the company . Talk became a symbol of old-school excess and failed less than three years after its launch . The company was backed by Harvey Weinstein , who reportedly invested 50 million dollars of personal capital . After Talk folded , Galotti returned to Condè Nast to run GQ for about two years before retiring to Vermont .
Background
The Bronx-born Galotti was raised in Peekskill , Westchester County , New York . His parents ran a liquor store . Young Ron raised chickens and earned a five-year 4-H pin from the Yorktown Grange . His only known sibling was a sister ( born with Down syndrome ) who is now deceased . Galotti 's father died when Ron was nine years old . After barely managing to graduate from high school , he enrolled in the Air Force , at the height of the Vietnam War . He was stationed for more than 3 years in the Philippines , rising to the rank of sergeant . He earned income by loan-sharking and later opened a brothel with the usury proceeds .
Relocation
After his last magazine position at GQ , Galotti sold his homes in Manhattan and Long Island , and relocated , around 2004 , with his family to a farm in North Pomfret , Vermont .
Inspiration for `` Mr. Big ''
He is generally considered to be , and has been cited by New York magazine as , the real-life inspiration for the character of `` Mr. Big '' ( played by actor Chris Noth ) on HBO 's Sex and the City ( based on the books of the same name by Candace Bushnell ) .
References
Living people
American media executives
American people of Italian descent
Businesspeople from New York ( state )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from the Bronx
People from Pomfret , Vermont
Military personnel from New York City
Michael Mmoh was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title .
J. J. Wolf won the title after defeating Mikael Torpegaard 6–7 ( 4–7 ) , 6–3 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
2019 ATP Challenger Tour
Columbus Challenger
William Honychurch ( by 1489 – 1530/1531 ) , of Tavistock , Devon and London , was an English politician .
Family
Honychurch was the son of Walter Honychurch of Tavistock and Marion née Fitz of Tavistock . He was educated at Lincoln 's Inn . He married Emma Coles , daughter of John Coles of North Tawton , Devon . They had three sons and two daughters .
Career
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Tavistock in 1529 .
References
15th-century births
1531 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England for Tavistock
Lawyers from Devon
English MPs 1529–1536
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
15th-century English lawyers
16th-century English lawyers
John Frederick `` Fred '' Small ( July 15 , 1963 – June 24 , 2003 ) was a professional American football player who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League ( NFL ) in 1985 .
Born and raised in Los Angeles , Small graduated from John C. Fremont High School in 1981 . He played college football at the University of Washington in Seattle under head coach Don James . An outside linebacker in his senior season in 1984 , the Huskies won the Orange Bowl and were second in the final rankings . Small was selected in the ninth round of the 1985 NFL Draft by the Steelers .
After leaving football , he became a police officer in southern California and joined the Inglewood Police Department in 1998 . While on duty on his police motorcycle , he was involved in a late night three-vehicle collision on the Pomona Freeway , and died from his injuries at age 39 at Pomona Valley Hospital . He was survived by his wife and four children .
References
External links
California Peace Officers Memorial – John F. Small
Officer Down Memorial – Police Officer John Frederick Lee `` Fred '' Small
1963 births
2003 deaths
American football linebackers
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Washington Huskies football players
Players of American football from Los Angeles
Road incident deaths in California
Sheikh Ahmad Rida ( also transliterated as Ahmad Reda ) ( 1872–1953 ) ( ) was a Lebanese linguist , writer and politician . A key figure of the Arab Renaissance ( known as al-Nahda ) , he compiled the modern monolingual Arabic dictionary , Matn al-Lugha , commissioned by the Arab Academy of Damascus in 1930 , and is widely considered to be among the foremost scholars of Arab literature and linguistics .
Rida was also heavily involved in Arab nationalist politics and has been variously described as `` one of the leading reformers in Syria '' and among the `` key players in the turn-of-the-century stirrings of Arabism , local patriotism , and even defenses of Shi ' i particularism '' .
He argued for pan-Arab unity , and was among the first scholars in Jabal Amel to seek to integrate his Shi'ite co-religionists into the greater Arab and Muslim nations while retaining their identity as a religious community .
Political activism and social reform
Born in Nabatiyeh , he was a main supporter of King Faisal 's Greater Syrian rule , following the Arab Revolt in the First World War . With Ahmad Aref al-Zain , he represented Jabal Amel and Lebanon 's Shi'ites in most of the conferences which , at first , led to the creation of the short-lived Syrian Arab Kingdom ruled by Faisal and later , in 1936 , were held to underscore Syrian unity .
He was one of the three reformers , alongside historian Mohammad Jaber Al Safa ( also his son-in-law ) and sheikh Suleiman Daher , to have started a scientific and social renaissance movement in Jabal Amel . The three had formed a prominent intellectual gathering , known as `` the Ameli Three '' ( or `` Amili Trio '' ) , helping establish foundations and associations aiming at eradicating illiteracy in the region . This movement was part of what is known as Al-Nahda , of which Rida and his companions were considered to be the among pioneers in the Levant region .
The Trio played a principal role in forming Jabal Amel 's political and cultural history , being the first Shi ' i intellectuals to speak of an Arab nation and of an Arab state , and to formulate the arguments of the `` Arabism '' of the Shi'is . Rida and his companions spent two months in Aley 's military prison , because of the group 's violent stands against the Ottoman rule .
Legacy
Sheikh Ahmad Rida wrote the important dictionary `` Matn al-Lugha '' . As a writer , a poet and a linguist , he was a member of the Arab Academy of Damascus , and was considered to be one of the greatest intellectuals to have emerged from Greater Syria , in the twentieth century . He was described by Egyptian writer Ahmad Amin as the `` greatest writer in the Levant , and the greatest linguist in the Arab world '' . He was the uncle of prominent scientist Hassan Kamel Al-Sabbah , father-in-law of Muhammad Jaber Al Safa and great-grandfather of General Hisham Jaber . Moreover , he worked with Ahmad Arif az-Zain and Sulaiman Zahir on the magazine al-Irfan .
See also
Al-Nahda
Muhammad Jaber Al Safa
References
External links
Short biography on asharqalarabi.org.uk , in Arabic
Summary of book written about Ahmad Rida , in Arabic
Short biography on cultural blog , in Arabic
Short biography on alnabatieh.com , in Arabic
1872 births
1953 deaths
People from Nabatieh
Nahda
Lebanese writers
Lebanese Arab nationalists
Ottoman Arab nationalists
Lebanese Shia clerics
References
Government of Zimbabwe
2009 establishments in Zimbabwe
Cabinets established in 2009
USA-199 , also known as GPS IIR-18 ( M ) , GPS IIRM-5 and GPS SVN-57 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the fifth of eight Block IIRM satellites to be launched , and the eighteenth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
USA-199 was launched at 20:04:00 UTC on 20 December 2007 , atop a Delta II carrier rocket , flight number D331 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-199 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
By 15 February 2008 , USA-199 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.98 minutes , and 54.9 degrees of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 29 signal , and operates in slot 1 of plane C of the GPS constellation . The satellite has a design life of 10 years and a mass of . As of 2012 it remains in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2007
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Steve Cribb ( Peter Stephen Cribb 1944-1994 ) was an English disability rights activist , artist , collector and numismatist .
Disability activism
Cribb was in public office as a London Borough of Hounslow councillor and later as a development officer for the disabled in the same borough . He is particularly well known for his artworks , working with the London Disablity Art Forum and Shape Arts . He was the grandson of the sculptor , letter cutter and carver Joseph Cribb and brother of the numismatist Joe Cribb .
Exhibiitions
1991 Hanging Up in Hounslow , at Louder than Words Festival ( May 1991 )
1992 Wilder than Lourdes : The Alternative Cabaret Party , at Louder than Words Festival ( March 1992 )
1993 Defiance : Art Confronting Disability ( City Museum and Art Gallery , Stoke on Trent ) ( April 1993 )
1993 How We Like It ( LDAF exhibition , Diorama Arts Center ) ( November 1993 )
1994 Famous Now I 'm Dead - Steve Cribb retrospective ( Waterman Art Gallery ) ( August 1994 )
1995 Unleashed : Images and Experience of Disability ( Laing Art Gallery , Newcastle ) ( January 1995 )
1998 Postal Strike ! ( March 1998 )
Numismatics
Cribb collected Chinese coins , Chinese paper money , postal orders , co-operative tokens , school medals and religious medals . He was one of the founders of the Oriental Numismatic Society . Some of his collections are now in the British Museum , including the Steve Cribb Collection of religious medals . A selection from this vast collection was displayed in the exhibition `` Receive our prayers : the Steve Cribb Collection of Catholic medals '' at the British Museum , in 1995 . The residue of his religious medal collection is in the University of Bergen Museum collection .
Numismatic Publications
The standard catalogue of postal orders . Vol.1 , The British Postal Order , 1881-1981 ( c.1984 . )
Northants Co-op societies & their tokens ( with Christopher J. Glazebrook ) ( Northampton Heritage Hunters , 1983 . )
References
External links
Steve Cribb collections in the British Museum
Steve Cribb 's art at The National Disability Arts Collection and Archive
Steve Cribb at The National Disability Arts Collection and Archive
Steve Cribb collection at The National Disability Arts Collection and Archive
1944 births
1994 deaths
Disability rights activists from the United Kingdom
English numismatists
English artists
Saul Halpin ( born 25 October 1991 ) is an English midfield footballer who most recently played for Icelandic club Vestri after previous spells with Torquay United and Bideford .
Career
Halpin came through the college set-up and youth team at Torquay United and was offered a professional contract during the 2009–2010 season . His progress impressed the Torquay coaching staff as well as more senior players within the first team squad and manager Paul Buckle was quick to praise the left midfielder : `` We have extended Saul 's contract and he is now committed to the club for a further three years which is fantastic . The special thing about Saul is his age . He has come back looking very bright ; he can go past people and has already upset a few of the senior players . ''
Halpin signed his second professional contract at Torquay United on 9 July 2010 , months after signing his first professional contract , signing a three-year contract extension .
His Torquay debut came as a second-half replacement for fellow winger Danny Stevens in an FA Cup clash with Crawley Town on 29 January 2011 . His league debut came several days later , where , once again , he came on as a second-half substitute for Danny Stevens .
In March 2011 , Halpin had a trial with Derby County and impressed with a hat-trick in a 7–1 win against Nottingham Forest reserves .
In March 2013 Halpin was loaned to Bideford for one month , along with teammate Karl Baker .
At the end of the season , he was released by Torquay United along with six other players .
He joined Southern League side Shortwood United in January 2014 .
After a short spell with Midland Alliance side Westfields he moved to New Zealand to play for Hawke 's Bay United .
At the end of the Stirling Sports Premiership 16/17 season after scoring 12 goals in the league for Hawkes 's Bay United , Halpin signed for Miramar Rangers .
References
External links
Profile at torquayunited.com
1991 births
Living people
People from Bodmin
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Torquay United F.C . players
Bideford A.F.C . players
Shortwood United F.C . players
Westfields F.C . players
Hawke 's Bay United FC players
English Football League players
Vestri ( football club ) players
`` All We Need Is Love '' is a song recorded by Australian singer and songwriter Ricki-Lee Coulter . It was released as a digital extended play on 2 May 2014 , as the lead single from her fourth studio album Dance in the Rain . Coulter wrote the song with Ilan Kidron and Stuart Crichton , in hopes that it would encourage people to spread love and positivity . The lyrics are intended to make people smile and feel good about themselves .
Upon its release , `` All We Need Is Love '' debuted at number 39 on the ARIA Singles Chart . The accompanying music video was directed by Melvin J. Montalban and features stories about three people . Coulter promoted `` All We Need Is Love '' with interviews and performances on television and radio programs . The song was also part of Coulter 's set list for the Australian leg of Jason Derulo 's Tattoos World Tour , where she was the supporting act .
Writing and inspiration
`` All We Need Is Love '' was written by Ricki-Lee Coulter , Stuart Crichton and Ilan Kidron . Coulter stated that they were inspired to write the song after becoming fed up with all the drama in their personal lives and the bad things happening in today 's society . She said , `` We live in a world full of negativity , hate , criticism and judgment . We wanted to make a song about accepting and embracing each other , supporting , encouraging and complimenting each other and spreading love . '' Coulter also explained that the song 's lyrics are intended to make people smile and feel good about themselves .
The line `` Kicking down the doors / and coming alive '' was inspired by a fan who sent Coulter a private message on Twitter , saying that her support of the gay community had inspired him to finally come out to his family . In an interview with News.com.au , Coulter said that she believes people have forgotten she can sing because the vocals on her comeback album , Fear & Freedom ( 2012 ) , were not as `` front and centre '' like her earlier releases . She intended for `` All We Need Is Love '' to remind people that she can sing , saying , `` I wanted to be able to strip it all back and take everyone back to the very beginning when they met me ten years ago on [ Australian ] Idol and the reason they embraced me was because of my voice . ''
Release and reception
An audio teaser of `` All We Need Is Love '' was uploaded to Coulter 's YouTube account on 13 April 2014 , and the full song premiered on Australian radio stations the following day . It was released as a digital extended play ( EP ) on 2 May 2014 ; it features a B-side track titled `` Happy Ever After '' , an acoustic cover of Avicii 's `` Wake Me Up '' , as well as acoustic and remix versions of `` All We Need Is Love '' . The song served as the lead single from Coulter 's fourth studio album , Dance in the Rain .
After hearing the track , News.com.au wrote that `` Coulter has reclaimed the powerful pop voice which launched her on Australian Idol a decade ago . '' Take 40 Australia described it as a `` positive song . '' Stephanie Tell of The Music awarded `` All We Need Is Love '' two-and-a-half stars and wrote that it sounds like `` the generic , catchy pop we 've come to expect '' from Coulter . She concluded that the track `` perfects its tried-and-true brand of wholesome dance stylings , building dutifully to a satisfying chorus . '' Upon its release , `` All We Need Is Love '' debuted at number 39 on the ARIA Singles Chart issue dated 12 May 2014 . In its second week , the song dropped fifty-nine spots to number 98 .
Promotion
In April–May 2014 , Coulter was the supporting act for Jason Derulo 's Australian leg of his Tattoos World Tour , where she performed `` All We Need Is Love '' as part of her set list . On 5 May 2014 , Coulter performed the song on Sunrise as part of their `` Sunrise Street Party '' in Jamisontown , New South Wales . She also performed acoustic versions of `` All We Need Is Love '' on The Dan & Maz Show ( 7 May 2014 ) and Mornings ( 19 May 2014 ) , and promoted the song during television interviews on The Riff ( 13 May 2014 ) and The Daily Edition ( 14 May 2014 ) .
Music video
The music video was directed by Melvin J. Montalban and filmed in Sydney in April 2014 . A behind-the-scenes video of the shoot was posted on YouTube on 1 May 2014 , and shown on Sunrise the following day . The official video clip premiered exclusively on Scoopla.com on 9 May 2014 . The video features three stories about love . The first is about a `` young man telling his father he is gay and gaining acceptance '' and the second is about `` a boy at school who stands up to his bullies with his dance moves and wins their respect . '' The third story is about a woman ( played by Coulter ) who is training for a marathon `` which ends up being a fundraiser for her seriously ill sister in hospital . '' Take 40 Australia called it `` a gorgeous video '' and said `` it made everyone in the Take 40 office shed a tear with its inspirational message . ''
Track listing
Digital EP
`` All We Need Is Love '' – 3:16
`` Happy Ever After '' – 4:03
`` Wake Me Up '' ( Acoustic ) – 4:21
`` All We Need Is Love '' ( Acoustic ) – 3:33
`` All We Need Is Love '' ( Minx Remix ) – 4:39
Charts
Release history
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Ricki-Lee Coulter songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Ricki-Lee Coulter
Songs written by Ilan Kidron
Songs written by Stuart Crichton
Euchrysops crawshayi , Crawshay 's blue , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania , Burundi , Rwanda , Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The habitat consists of moist savanna .
The larvae feed on Anchusa species , Cynoglossum coeruleum and Cynoglossum lanceolatum . They feed on the fleshy outer cortex of the main tap root of the host plant , always below ground . They are attended by many species of ants , including Monomorium minutum var . pallipes .
Subspecies
Euchrysops crawshayi crawshayi ( Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania , southern Sudan )
Euchrysops crawshayi fontainei Stempffer , 1967 ( Burundi , Rwanda , Democratic Republic of the Congo : east to South Kivu , north-western Tanzania )
References
Butterflies described in 1899
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Team Phoenix ( ) is a Burmese football club , founded in 2017 . This is the first time MNL-2 season of Team Phoenix FC .
Current squad
References
External links
First Eleven Journals in Burmese
Soccer Myanmar in Burmese
Association football clubs established in 2009
Myanmar National League clubs
2009 establishments in Myanmar
Football clubs in Myanmar
Hussain Rabi Gandhi ( also Spelled Hussain Rabigandhi , Husen Rabi Gandhi ) is an Indian Odia writer of the late-twentieth century and a politician hailing from the Indian state of Odisha . He served as the general secretary of Biju Janata Dal from upon its formation in 1998 till 2005 . In 1994 the title of Biplabi Loka Kabi was conferred upon him by the Mayor of Cuttack . He was also awarded with the title of Utkala Jyoti in 1996 by the then Deputy chief minister of Odisha , Basant Kumar Biswal on the behalf of Freedom Fighter 's Organisation . Hussain basically writes in Odia language and was awarded with the Secular India Harmony Award in 1993 by the former President of India , Giani Zail Singh and with the Gangadhar Meher Kabita award in 2015 for his notable contributions to the field of Odia poetry . Hussain served as the President of Odisha Sahitya Akademi ( 2008-2010 ) .
Early life and education
Hussain was born as Chowdhury Fazal e Haq Mohammad Hussain on 23 April 1948 , in MuftiBagh , Haldigadia village of Jajpur District into the ruling family of Tarakot . He is the eldest son of Mohammed Mozammil Hussain and the grandson of Dabiruddin Mohammad Khan Bahadur , the last ruler of Tarakote State . The critically acclaimed film director and author , Mehmood Hussain is his younger brother .
He attended school first at Korai ME ( Middle English ) school and then at Bargarh George high school . Hussain graduated and finished his master 's degree in history from Gangadhar Meher College , Sambalpur . He then did his L.L.B from Lajpat Rai Law College in Sambalpur . He practiced law for a brief period of time in Odisha High Court , Cuttack . As he studied in different parts of Odisha , it gave him the opportunity to learn the different dialects prevalent in different regions of Odisha . He later did his PhD in Odia literature from Utkal University in 1990 .
Hussain married Tabasum Amin Sultana , the granddaughter of the notable educationist and freedom fighter from Cuttack , Sayeed Mohammed .
Books
Kabya
Hussain has authored 13 anthologies including :
Mukta Purbasa
Singhasana Bhangiba Ra Karjyakrama
Niyanta Ratira Swapna
Binsa Ru Ek Binsa
Shabda Brahma
Lokageeta
Karna
Nijaku Khojuthiba Bele
Hajijaithiba Manisa
Punsacha Salabega
Story
Ajira Galpa
Galpa Samaraha ( was included in +2 M.I.L ( Odia ) Syllabus . )
Hussain has also translated the Hindi novel `` Rani Laxmi Bai '' into Odia which was later published by National book trust of India in the year 2012 .
Career
Hussain 's political career started as early as in his youth days when he was elected as the President of the Students Union at Gangadhar Meher College . He also served as the President of Students Union at L.R law college at Sambalpur .
During the 1969 historic students strike in Odisha , Hussain was appointed as the chairman of the Western Odisha students action committee and had conducted and participated in various strikes all over Odisha . He was imprisoned several times for the same . Hussain also wrote poems to mobilize the students , which earned him the titles of 'Rabi ' and 'Gandhi ' .
In 1985 he contested in the state assembly elections from Korai constituency under the Jagrat Odisha party formed by the former chief minister of Odisha , Nandini Satpathy .
In 1987 Vishwanath Pratap Singh , the former Prime Minister of India founded the Jan Morcha ( The people 's front ) , Hussain served as the President of the party 's regional youth branch in Odisha .
Under the influence of Biju Patnaik , Hussain joined the undivided Janata Dal in 1988 and was appointed as the General secretary of the party by Pattnaik . In the 1989 General elections he was appointed as the Vice Chairman of the campaign committee of the Janta Dal and finally in 1990 , after the massive victory of the party in the state assembly elections , Hussain was appointed as the chairman of Odisha state leather corporation Ltd by Biju Patnaik . During his tenure ( 1990-1995 ) , he expanded the tannery business and had increased the shoe production by establishing 13 shoes manufacturing units all over Odisha . In December 1997 , the Janta Dal was divided and a new political party called the Biju Janata Dal was formed . Hussain was one among the founding members of the party along with Dilip Ray , Bijoy Mohapatra , Prasanna Acharya , Ananga Udaya Singh Deo and Amar Sathpathy . In January 1998 he was appointed as the General Secretary of the Biju Janata Dal by the current chief minister of Odisha , Naveen Patnaik and had served as the party observer for Deogarh and Sambalpur elections .
He is active in politics as a member of the Biju Janata Dal . Hussain is also the co-founder secretary of Maulana Azad Multipurpose College , Cuttack .
Hussain Rabigandhi has been active in Odia literary scene too . He has been associated with the movement to revive Revolutionary Humanism in odia poetry . His published works include poetry collection Mukta Purbasha , Loka Geeta and short story collection Ajira Galpa He was appointed as the editor of Utkala Prasnga , a cultural monthly published of Government of Odisha in 2010 .
He served as the Vice-President ( 2005-2008 ) and then President of Odisha Sahitya Akademi from 28 May 2008 to 27 May 2010 . During his term the Odisha Sahitya Academy celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 22 districts of Odisha .
Bibliography
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
People from Jajpur district
Odia-language writers
Indian male short story writers
20th-century Indian short story writers
Poets from Odisha
20th-century Indian male writers
Amin family
Biju Janata Dal politicians
Indian politicians
George Arthur Burgess ( 2 November 1863 – 8 February 1941 ) was an Australian politician .
He was born at Mara Creek to publican George Edward Burgess and Mary Grimley . He attended primary school until the age of twelve , after which he worked as a shearer and farmer in the Coonamble district . On 27 January 1896 he married Florence Clark , with whom he would have five children .
An organiser and local secretary of the Australian Workers ' Union , he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1901 as the Labor member for Young . Young was abolished in 1904 and replaced by Burrangong which Burgess successfully contested in 1904. and remained on the Labor backbench until the conscription split of 1916 , when , as a supporter of conscription , he followed Premier William Holman into the Nationalist Party . He lost his seat as a Nationalist candidate in 1917 .
Burgess died at Liverpool in 1941 ( aged ) .
References
1863 births
1941 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
The 1997 NBL season was the 14th season for the Melbourne Tigers in the Australian-based National Basketball League . The club won its first NBL Championship after defeating the Perth Wildcats 2-1 in the Grand Final series in 1993 . In 1996 , the Tigers lost to cross town rival South East Melbourne Magic in the Grand Final series 1-2 . A year later , they won for the second time .
The Melbourne Tigers played their home games at the 14,820 seat Rod Laver Arenas .
Roster
Depth chart
Ladder
The NBL tie-breaker system as outlined in the NBL Rules and Regulations states that in the case of an identical win–loss record , the results in games played between the teams will determine order of seeding .
Player statistics
Regular season
Team leaders
Points per game 31.68 – Andrew Gaze
Rebounds per game : 12.64 – Mark Bradtke
Assists per game : 6.7 – Andrew Gaze
Steals per game : 2.0 – Lanard Copeland
Blocks per game : 2.1 – Mark Bradtke
Finals
Team leaders
Points per game : 26.20 – Andrew Gaze
Rebounds per game : 11.20 – Mark Bradtke
Assists per game : 8.2 – Andrew Gaze
Steals per game : 2.4 – Lanard Copeland
Blocks per game : 1.8 – Mark Bradtke
Awards
NBL award winners
NBL MVP – Andrew Gaze
All-NBL First team – Andrew Gaze and Mark Bradtke
Grand Final MVP – Lanard Copeland
NBL All-Star – Andrew Gaze , Mark Bradtke and Lanard Copeland
NBL Coach of the Year – Lindsey Gaze
NBL Most Efficient Player – Andrew Gaze
NBL scoring champion – Andrew Gaze
NBL 3 point champion – Andrew Gaze
Season summary
Regular season
The 1997 Melbourne Tigers were determined to go one better and avenge their Grand Final loss to the South East Melbourne magic in 1996 . Melbourne let go longtime import Dave Simmons after eight years and one championship with the power forward . In Simmons ' place they signed import forward Jarvis Lang .
The Tigers had a slow start to the season , starting off the season at 4-9 . There was talk in the Herald Sun about sacking the team 's long-term head coach Lindsey Gaze , but it was the import Jarvis Lang , who was dealing with knee soreness and struggling to learn the Tigers ' shuffle offense , that was let go . In turn the Tigers turned the season around by winning 16 straight games 17-1 during the end of the regular season and finals .
The Tigers went from second last at 4-9 on the ladder during the start of the season to finishing in second place at 19-11 , with a 13-game winning streak to end the regular season . The Tigers were meant to finish the regular season with a 20-10 record , but because of some paper work that was n't finalized , the league stripped the Tigers of a win over in round 3 against the 36ers . As expected , the team was led by Andrew Gaze , who had one of his best shooting seasons of his career , averaging just on 4 3 point field goals made 143 for the season , whilst averaging his typical over 30 points per game and over 6 assists . Alongside him in the back court , Lanard Copeland averaged his typical over 22 points for the season , whilst big man Mark Bradtke anchored down low averaging 20 points over 12 rebounds . Timmons averaged over 17 points and over 8 rebounds . Andrew Gaze would be named MVP , and he and Mark Bradtke would be named to All-First NBL team , whilst Andrew Gaze and Mark Bradtke were named to the All-Star game .
Semi-finals
Along with the 1st placed South East Melbourne Magic , the Tigers were given a bye in the quarter-finals . In their three-game semi-final against the 3rd placed North Melbourne Giants there was little resistance , sweeping them in two games . The Tigers would be moving on to their second consecutive grand final appearance . Andrew Gaze was outstanding in the semi-finals , averaging 36.5 points and 9.5 assists per game . Ahead of the Tigers was cross-town rival South East Melbourne Magic , the same team that they had lost to the year before in the deciding game 3 .
NBL grand final
The Tigers ' opponents in the 1997 NBL Grand Final would again be the South East Melbourne Magic , the same team that beat the Tigers in the previous grand final in game 3 . All three of the games would be held at Melbourne Park , game 3 if needed . Similar to the Tigers the Magic swept their previous round of the finals .
Game 1 was a beat down from the Tigers , who were on full attack from the beginning , never trailing in the game and winning 111-74 . Larand Copeland was the game 's high scorer with 29 , whilst Gaze added 23 and 9 assists . Frank Drimc was top scorer with 12 for the Magic .
Similarly to the year before after dropping the first game , Game 2 was a lot better for the Magic . They started veteran John Dorge over the young Chris Anstey . The Magic bounced back to beat the Tigers , winning the close game to even the series at 1-1 and forcing a game 3 for the second straight year against the Magic and Tigers . The scores were 84-78 with Chris Anstey bouncing back from an average game one dropping 21 points in game 2 . Lanard Copeland was the Tigers ' high scorer with 28 .
For the second straight year the Melbourne Tigers played the South East Melbourne Magic in game 3 to decide who would win the championship . The Melbourne Tigers won the NBL championship with a score line of 93-83 , the top scorer again being Larand Copeland with 26 points ; Gaze added 22 and 9 assists . Lanard Copeland was named Most Valuable Player , and Andrew Gaze won his second championship ring .
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
References
Sources
http : //websites.sportstg.com/team_info.cgi ? c=0-189-12322-125723-369917 & a=STATS
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Warrick_Giddey/Australia/Werribee-Devils/8140
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Daniel_Egan/Australia/Townsville-Heat/9957
http : //basketball.eurobasket.com/player/Brett_Jeffries/Sweden/Alvik-Basket-Stockholm/15749
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Erik-Wickstrom/Australia/Sandringham_Sabres/25312
https : //www.tigersbasketball.com.au/20th-anniversary-of-melbourne-tigers-vba-championship-part-2/
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Brett_Rainbow/Australia/Ringwood-Hawks/12349
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Blair_Smith/Australia/Gladstone-Port-City-Power/12470
https : //basketball.australiabasket.com/player/Marcus_Timmons/Australia/Hawthorn-Magic/24513
Melbourne United seasons
NBL
Chikola may refer to :
Chikola , Russia , a rural locality ( a selo ) in the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania , Russia
Chikola ( Dodoma Rural ward ) , a Tanzanian ward in Dodoma Rural region
Chikola ( Manyoni ward ) , a Tanzanian ward in Manyoni region
The Oakleigh Chargers is an Australian rules football club playing in the NAB League , the top statewide under-18 competition in Victoria , Australia . They are based at Warrawee Park in Oakleigh , Victoria , representing the southeastern suburban area of Melbourne . The Chargers were one of two additional metropolitan clubs introduced to the competition in 1995 as part of a plan by the AFL to replace the traditional club zones with independent junior clubs . This was to help aid in player development and the process of the AFL draft . In June 2008 the Chargers moved into a new pavilion at Warrawee Park . The chargers are aligned to Collingwood , Richmond & Port Melbourne .
The Chargers have had the past 2 # 1 AFL Draft picks and last # 1 AFL W Draft picks making them one of the most successful development programs in Australia .
AFL Draftees History
1995 : -
1996 : Heath Black , Patrick Steinfort
1997 : Luke Power , Paul DiGiovine
1998 : Ian Prendergast , Luke Penny , Adam Morgan , James White , Cameron McKenzie-McHarg
1999 : Caydn Beetham , Chad Davis , Luke Williams
2000 : Matthew Smith , Nick Gill
2001 : Sam Power , Campbell Brown , Ashley Hansen , Andrew Carrazzo , Bret Thornton , Will Slade , Justin Crow
2002 : Cameron Croad , Stephen Gilham
2003 : Julian Rowe , David Jackson , Thomas Roach
2004 : Josh Gibson
2005 : Marc Murphy , Beau Dowler , Matthew Laidlaw
2006 : Todd Goldstein , David MacKay , Robert Gray , Sam Sheldon
2007 : Andy Otten
2008 : Luke Shuey , James Strauss , Dan Hannebery , Zac Clarke , Jordan Lisle , Casey Sibosado , Robin Nahas
2009 : Jamie MacMillan , Sam Shaw , Ben Sinclair
2010 : Andrew Gaff , Patrick Karnezis , Ryan Lester , Sam Crocker , Viv Michie , Alex Browne , Alex Johnson
2011 : Tim Golds * , Dom Tyson , Adam Tomlinson , Toby Greene , Tom Curran , Daniel Pearce , Matthew Arnot , Lin Jong
2012 : Jackson Macrae , Kristian Jaksch , Jack Viney , Jason Ashby
2013 : Jack Billings , Tom Cutler , Jay Kennedy Harris , Darcy Byrne-Jones , Lachlan Mackie , Will Maginness
2014 : Jordan De Goey , Darcy Moore , Daniel McKenzie , Toby McLean , Marc Pittonet , Jack Sinclair
2015 : David Cuningham , Alex Morgan , Jack Silvagni , Tom Phillips , Ben Crocker , Dan Houston
2016 : Jordan Ridley , Sam McLarty , Ed Phillips , Josh Daicos , Dion Johnstone , Patrick Kerr , Nick Larkey , Taylin Duman
2017 : Ed Richards , Jack Higgins , Toby Wooler
2018 : Isaac Quaynor , Riley Collier-Dawkins , James Rowbottom , Xavier O'Neill , Will Kelly , James Jordon , Jack Ross , Noah Answerth , Ben Silvagni , Atu Bosenavulagi , Will Golds
2019 : Matt Rowell , Noah Anderson , Dylan Williams , Nick Bryan , Trent Bianco , Lachlan Johnson
2020 : Jamarra Ugle-Hagan , Will Phillips , Conor Stone , Finlay Macrae , Bailey Laurie , Reef McInnes , Maurice Rioli Jr
2021 : Nick Diacos , Sam Darcy , Lachlan Rankin , Patrick Voss , Karl Warner
Honours
Premierships ( 5 ) : 2006 , 2012 , 2014 , 2015 , 2019 , Girls 2021 .
Runners-up ( 2 ) : 2011 , 2018
Wooden Spoons : Nil
Morrish Medallists : Jack Higgins ( 2017 )
Grand Final Best-on-Ground Medalists : Matthew Rowell ( 2018 , 2019 )
References
External links
Oakleigh Chargers Website
NAB League clubs
1995 establishments in Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1995
Australian rules football clubs in Victoria ( Australia )
NAB League Girls clubs
Liachirus is a genus of soles native to the Indian and western Pacific oceans .
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus :
Liachirus melanospilos ( Bleeker , 1854 )
Liachirus whitleyi Chabanaud , 1950
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Michael James S. Fish ( born October 23 , 1934 ) is a Canadian architect and urban conservationist , best known for his attempts to preserve heritage buildings in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Biography
Michael Fish began his career in Montreal in 1956 , mostly involved in new apartment building construction . Soon , he developed an interest in renovating established buildings rather than constructing after demolition . He noted that it was less expensive and less disruptive to the cohesion of neighbourhoods . He became involved in community groups that advocated to save structures such as the Van Horne Mansion .
In 1970 , Fish co-founded Friends of Windsor Station with architect Peter Lanken and urban-planning professor Jean-Claude Marsan . In 1974 , he co-founded Save Montreal . He has been credited with playing a major role in saving , or preventing major transformation of , such buildings as the Dawson College building at Sherbrooke and Atwater Streets , the Collège de Montréal on Sherbrooke Street , the Grey Nuns ' quarters and church at René Lévesque Boulevard and Guy Street , and the patriotes ' prison near the Jacques Cartier Bridge . In the mid-1980s , he served as vice-president of the Canadian International Council of Monuments and Sites , a United Nations affiliate .
After becoming more involved in political lobbying for marginalized groups , he found less and less work available to him from private developers , who saw conservationists as `` a threat '' , according to him . In the latter part of his career , his firm worked only on social housing projects . He has stated that a highlight of his conservation work was saving a row of greystone houses on Jeanne Mance Street , south of Sherbrooke Street .
In 1989 , he advocated for the preservation of Rockcliffe Airport hangars . Earlier in his career he had designed hangars for Canada 's air force , and for Trans-Canada Air Lines .
Awards
In 1987 , he received acclaim for his `` significant contribution to heritage preservation in Quebec '' and was presented with a lieutenant-governor 's award from Heritage Canada .
In 2003 , he was presented with a Montreal city medal for his work with Save Montreal .
References
External links
Michael Fish 's blog
20th-century Canadian architects
Architects from Montreal
1934 births
Living people
Anglophone Quebec people
Preservationist architects
Forever Glam ! is the greatest hits album by French singer Amanda Lear released in 2005 by Edina Music .
Background
The CD was released only in France , distributed by Nocturne . While numerous CD collections of Amanda Lear music had been released before , Forever Glam ! is notable for being the first compilation to be officially approved of and promoted by the singer herself . The album marked the beginning of Lear 's creative collaboration with Alain Mendiburu who would produce or co-produce most of her records since then .
Nearly all tracks are arranged chronologically , representing every stage of Lear 's musical career . Besides most of her best known songs from the 1970s , combined with selected tracks from the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s , Forever Glam ! includes two new recordings , which had both been released as singles ; `` Martini Disease '' , a duet with Italian indie band Jetlag on which Lear recites Charles Baudelaire , and her English-French language take on Barry Manilow 's 1978 hit `` Copacabana '' . The compilation also contains three tracks that have never been available on CD before ; the evergreens `` As Time Goes By '' and `` Bye Bye Baby '' , recorded for the 1985 EP A L , as well as the rare 1984 single `` Assassino '' . Included is also Lear 's recording of Giorgio Moroder 's `` From Here to Eternity '' , remixed by DJ Eric D. Clark , previously not available on any of her solo albums .
The photographs used on the cover were taken by Denis Taranto , and date back to 1979 when one of the images from the session was used on the cover of the single `` Fabulous ( Lover , Love Me ) '' .
Track listing
`` Martini Disease '' ( With Jet Lag ) ( Emilio Cozzi , Jacopo Rondinelli , Livio Magnini ) – 3:25
`` Blood and Honey '' ( Anthony Monn , Amanda Lear ) – 4:50
`` Queen of Chinatown '' ( Anthony Monn , Amanda Lear ) – 4:11
`` Follow Me '' ( Anthony Monn , Amanda Lear ) – 3:50
`` Fashion Pack '' ( Long Version ) ( Anthony Monn , Amanda Lear ) – 5:09
`` Fabulous Lover Love Me '' ( Rainer Pietsch , Amanda Lear ) – 4:13
`` Assassino '' ( Cristiano Malgioglio , Luigi Lopez , Amanda Lear ) – 3:51
`` I 'm a Mystery '' ( Seraphim , Amanda Lear , Roland Vincent ) – 4:36
`` Scuola d'amore '' ( Daiano , Amanda Lear ) – 4:30
`` As Time Goes By '' ( Herman Hupfeld ) – 3:25
`` Bye Bye Baby '' ( Jule Styne , Leo Robin ) – 3:00
`` Loving '' ( David Laloue , Amanda Lear ) – 3:38
`` On the Air Tonight '' ( Peter Bardens ) – 3:29
`` The Sphinx '98 '' ( Anthony Monn , Amanda Lear ) – 4:39
`` From Here to Eternity '' ( Giorgio Moroder , Pete Bellotte ) – 3:36
`` Do U Wan na See It '' ( Laurent Wolf , Thierry Willems , Amanda Lear ) – 3:51
`` I Just Wan na Dance Again '' ( Pumpin ' Dolls Mix ) ( Laurent Wolf , Thierry Willems ) – 3:50
`` Love Boat '' ( Charles Fox , Paul Williams ) – 3:13
`` Copacabana '' ( Barry Manilow , Jack Feldman , Bruce Sussman ) – 4:17
Personnel
Amanda Lear – lead vocals
Alain-Rudy-Buman – liner notes
Yvon Chateigner – production
Alain Mendiburu – production
C. Ricchi-Fedeli – assistance with liner notes
Denis Taranto – photography
Release history
References
External links
Forever Glam ! at Discogs
Forever Glam ! at Rate Your Music
2005 greatest hits albums
Amanda Lear compilation albums
Voice-over ( also known as off-camera or off-stage commentary ) is a production technique where a voice—that is not part of the narrative ( non-diegetic ) —is used in a radio , television production , filmmaking , theatre , or other presentations . The voice-over is read from a script and may be spoken by someone who appears elsewhere in the production or by a specialist voice actor . Synchronous dialogue , where the voice-over is narrating the action that is taking place at the same time , remains the most common technique in voice-overs . Asynchronous , however , is also used in cinema . It is usually prerecorded and placed over the top of a film or video and commonly used in documentaries or news reports to explain information .
Voice-overs are used in video games and on-hold messages , as well as for announcements and information at events and tourist destinations . It may also be read live for events such as award presentations . Voice-over is added in addition to any existing dialogue and is not to be confused with voice acting or the process of replacing dialogue with a translated version , the latter of which is called dubbing or revoicing .
Techniques
Character device
In Herman Melville 's Moby Dick ( 1956 ) , Ishmael ( Richard Basehart ) narrates the story , and he sometimes comments on the action in voice-over , as does Joe Gillis ( William Holden ) in Sunset Boulevard ( 1950 ) and Eric Erickson ( William Holden ) in The Counterfeit Traitor ( 1962 ) ; adult Pip ( John Mills ) in Great Expectations ( 1946 ) and Michael York in its 1974 television remake .
Voice-over technique is likewise used to give voices and personalities to animated characters . Noteworthy and versatile voice actors include Mel Blanc , Daws Butler , Don Messick , Paul Frees , and June Foray .
Charactering techniques in voice-overs are used to give personalities and voice to fictional characters . There has been some controversy with charactering techniques in voice-overs , particularly with white radio entertainers who would mimic black speech patterns . Radio made this racial mockery easier to get away with because it was a non-confrontational platform to freely express anything the broadcasters found fit . It also became the ideal medium for voice impersonations . Characterization has always been popular in culture and all forms of media . In the late 1920s , radio started to stray away from reporting exclusively on musicals and sporting events ; instead , radio began to create serial talk shows as well as shows with fictional story lines . The technique of characterization can be a creative outlet to expand on film and radio , but it must be done carefully .
Creative device
In film , the filmmaker distributes the sound of a human voice ( or voices ) over images shown on the screen that may or may not be related to the words that are being spoken . Consequently , voice-overs are sometimes used to create ironic counterpoint . Also , sometimes they can be random voices not directly connected to the people seen on the screen . In works of fiction , the voice-over is often by a character reflecting on his or her past , or by a person external to the story who usually has a more complete knowledge of the events in the film than the other characters .
Voice-overs are often used to create the effect of storytelling by a character/omniscient narrator . For example , in The Usual Suspects , the character of Roger `` Verbal '' Kint has voice-over segments as he is recounting details of a crime . Classic voice-overs in cinema history can be heard in Citizen Kane and The Naked City .
Sometimes , voice-over can be used to aid continuity in edited versions of films , in order for the audience to gain a better understanding of what has gone on between scenes . This was done when the film Joan of Arc ( 1948 ) starring Ingrid Bergman turned out to be far from the box-office and critical hit that was expected and it was edited down from 145 minutes to 100 minutes for its second run in theaters . The edited version , which circulated for years , used narration to conceal the fact that large chunks of the film had been cut out . In the full-length version , restored in 1998 and released on DVD in 2004 , the voice-over narration is heard only at the beginning of the film .
Film noir is especially associated with the voice-over technique . The golden age of first-person narration was during the 1940s . Film noir typically used male voice-over narration but there are a few rare female voice-overs .
In radio , voice-overs are an integral part of the creation of the radio program . The voice-over artist might be used to entice listeners of the station name or as characters to enhance or develop show content . During the 1980s , the British broadcasters Steve Wright and Kenny Everett used voice-over artists to create a virtual `` posse '' or studio crew who contributed to the programmes . It is believed that this principle was in play long before that time . The American radio broadcaster Howard Stern has also used voice-overs in this way .
Educational or descriptive device
The voice-over has many applications in non-fiction as well . Television news is often presented as a series of video clips of newsworthy events , with voice-over by the reporters describing the significance of the scenes being presented ; these are interspersed with straight video of the news anchors describing stories for which video is not shown .
Television networks such as The History Channel and the Discovery Channel make extensive use of voice-overs . On NBC , the television show Starting Overused Sylvia Villagran as the voice-over narrator to tell a story .
Live sports broadcasts are usually shown as extensive voice-overs by sports commentators over video of the sporting event .
Game shows formerly made extensive use of voice-overs to introduce contestants and describe available or awarded prizes , but this technique has diminished as shows have moved toward predominantly cash prizes . The most prolific have included Don Pardo , Johnny Olson , John Harlan , Jay Stewart , Gene Wood and Johnny Gilbert .
Voice-over commentary by a leading critic , historian , or by the production personnel themselves is often a prominent feature of the release of feature films or documentaries on DVDs .
Commercial device
The commercial use of voice-over in television advertising has been popular since the beginning of radio broadcasting .
In the early years , before effective sound recording and mixing , announcements were produced `` live '' and at-once in a studio with the entire cast , crew and , usually , orchestra . A corporate sponsor hired a producer , who hired writers and voice actors to perform comedy or drama .
Manufacturers will often use a distinctive voice to help them with brand messaging , often retaining talent to a long-term exclusive contract .
The industry expanded very rapidly with the advent of television in the 1950s , and the age of highly produced serial radio shows ended . The ability to record high-quality sound on magnetic tape also created opportunities . Digital recording , thanks to the proliferation of PCs , smartphones ( iOS and Android 5.0+ ) , dedicated recording devices , free or inexpensive recording and editing software , and USB microphones of reasonable quality , and the increasing use of home studios , has revolutionized the industry .
The sound recording industry uses the term `` presence '' as the standard of a good quality voice-over and is used for commercial purposes in particular . The term `` presence '' measures the legitimacy of how a voice sounds , specifically one of a voice-over . Advances in technology for sound recording have helped voice-overs reach that standard . These technological advances have increasingly diminished `` the noise of the system ... and thus reducing the distance perceived between the object and its representation . ''
Translation
In some countries , such as Russia , Ukraine and Poland , voice-over provided by an artist is commonly used on television programs as a language localization technique , as an alternative to full dub localization .
In Bulgaria , multiple voice-over is also common , but each film ( or episode ) is normally voiced by three to six actors . The voice artists try to match the original voice and preserve the intonation . The main reason for the use of this type of translation is that unlike synchronized voice translation , it takes a relatively short time to produce , since there is no need to synchronize the voices with the character 's lip movements , which is compensated by the quieted original audio . When there is no speaking in the film for some time , the original sound is turned up . Recently , as more films are distributed with separate voice and noises-and-music tracks , some voice-over translations in Bulgaria are produced by only turning down the voice track , in this way not affecting the other sounds . One actor always reads the translation crew 's names over the show 's ending credits ( except for when there is dialogue over the credits ) .
See also
Bumper ( broadcasting )
Bumper music
Cinéma vérité
Direct cinema
I Know That Voice , a documentary film about American voice acting
National Audio Theatre Festival
Offscreen
Voice acting
Dubbing ( filmmaking )
References
Film production
Television terminology
Radio broadcasting
Film and video terminology
Paandi Nattu Thangam is a 1989 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by T. P. Gajendran . The film stars Karthik and Nirosha . The film , produced by Kalyani Murugan , had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 19 May 1989 . The film was one of the biggest hits of Karthik in the 1980s .
Plot
Thangapandian , an honest forest officer , is transferred to a village . The village chief cuts illegally the sandalwood trees . Radha is brought up by her adoptive family . When she was young , her father , a famous singer , died in a car accident . Thangapandian falls in love with Radha .
Cast
Karthik as Thangapandian
Nirosha as Radha
M. N. Nambiar as Captain Raghu , Thangapandian 's father
Senthamari as Village Chief
Babloo Prithviraj as ravi
S. S. Chandran as Senthil Brother
Senthil as Vinayagam
Kovai Sarala as Venkatasubbama ( Chuppu )
Sangili Murugan as Munsif
V Gopalakrishnan as Inspector
Sattam Pillai Venkatraman
Usilai Mani
Peeli Sivam
Kullamani
Baby Manju as Durga
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja , with lyrics written by Gangai Amaran .
References
External links
1980s Tamil-language films
1989 films
1989 romantic drama films
Films directed by T. P. Gajendran
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Indian romantic drama films
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter HD is a 2013 first-person shooter video game developed and published by Vogster Entertainment . It is the sixth game in the Carnivores series of dinosaur-hunting games , serving as a sequel as well as a modern remake of the original game , Carnivores ( 1998 ) . The game was released for the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) via the PlayStation Network ( PSN ) . Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter HD received `` mixed or average reviews '' according to Metacritic .
Gameplay
The game 's premise is not told within the game itself . According to the PlayStation Network website , the player takes the role of a wealthy space-traveller in the future who hunts dinosaurs for sport on a distant planet similar to Earth .
The game features three environments , including mesas and forests , each with a daytime , dusk , and fog setting . The player is rewarded with gems and money after each hunt . The amount rewarded depends on how well the player did on the hunt . Gems and points are used respectively to purchase new weapons and unlock new environments . The player has access to a multi-purpose hunting device known as Gadget , which features a map , and informs whether the player is being watched by a dinosaur or making too much noise . The device can be updated to include features such as radar , using gems earned from the hunts . The game does not feature any music , but includes dinosaur roars , as well as the sounds of unseen birds , frogs , and insects .
Dinosaurs include Ankylosaurus , Ceratosaurus , Parasaurolophus , Stegosaurus , Triceratops , and Tyrannosaurus rex . The player has the ability to evacuate a hunt at any time . Whenever the player is killed by a dinosaur , the screen fades to blackness rather than depicting a death scene . The player starts out hunting only herbivorous dinosaurs , although a Ceratosaurus can rarely spawn on every map and time . Killed dinosaurs are beamed up by the player 's personal spaceship , and the player receives trophy versions of each killed dinosaur and display them in a trophy room . The game includes the `` Observer Mode '' , which allows the player to explore a chosen environment and observe the dinosaurs rather than hunt them . The player also has the option to tranquilize a dinosaur rather than kill it .
Development and release
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter HD was developed and published by Vogster Entertainment . It is a modern remake of the original 1998 Carnivores video game , as well as a sequel in the Carnivores series . In the United States , the game was released for the PlayStation 3 via the PlayStation Network on September 10 , 2013 . After the game 's North American release , Vogster Entertainment gathered user feedback to make further improvements to the game prior to its European release , which occurred on December 18 , 2013 , through the PlayStation Network .
Reception
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter HD received `` mixed or average reviews '' according to Metacritic . Reviewers particularly criticized the game for its grinding gameplay .
David Meikleham of PlayStation Official Magazine – UK noted that the game had `` a pretty out-there premise '' . Meikleham criticized the high amount of gems and points needed to purchase and unlock parts of the game , such as weapons and levels . However , he also wrote , `` Slow-burning , often unspectacular , this PSN hunter nevertheless has a charming depth if you 've got the patience to unearth it . '' Robert Ramsey of Push Square praised the scenery , but noted the `` cheap and tacky '' design of the game 's menus . Ramsey also criticized the repetitive dinosaur roars and the lack of music .
Kallie Plagge of IGN called the game `` slow , aimless , bland , and not nearly as exciting as the name would have us believe . '' Plagge stated that despite the `` HD '' in its title , the game had `` some truly awful '' and outdated textures . Plagge praised the environmental exploration as the highlight of the game , but was critical of the rewards system . Plagge also criticized the ability to evacuate a hunt , stating that `` removing any sense of danger or risk takes a lot of the fun out of playing . '' Additionally , Plagge criticized the lack of player death scenes , and stated that the game `` fails to deliver in almost every way . ''
Lee Cooper of Hardcore Gamer praised the controls but criticized some of the graphics as being `` poorly rendered '' , and stated that while `` the dinosaurs look pretty cool , and the environments are expansive and littered with detail , the game is simply not fun . '' Cooper also criticized the lack of an in-game storyline , but concluded that the game was the `` best arcade-style dinosaur hunting game '' available for the PS3 .
References
External links
Official website ( archived )
2013 video games
Hunting video games
First-person shooters
Dinosaurs in video games
Dinosaur hunting
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 3-only games
PlayStation Network games
Video game sequels
Video games set in the 22nd century
Video game remakes
Julimes is a town and seat of the municipality of Julimes , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town of Julimes had a population of 1,795 , up from 1,756 as of 2005 .
The community is adjacent to the east bank of a north-flowing section of the Rio Conchos .
References
Rio Conchos
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
Qaleh-ye Abdolabad ( , also Romanized as Qal ‘ eh-ye ʿAbdolābād ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 724 , in 168 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
In India 's Agriculture Problem : Lack of Access to Credit is one of the most pressing issues that hinder India 's rural population from progress . It means the lack of access to credit by a farmer . Farmer 's suicide within the agricultural sector does not occur as a shocking matter as the farmers are deprived of monetary assistance when they are most in need .
A farmer 's cries for help have been ignored as the damaging effects from the absence of credit loans tickles down the population . Apart from the healthcare of a farmer , the lack of access to credit also highly important as almost 80 % the farmers own less than a hectare of land . The availability of credit allows farmers to be protected from the inflated costs faced in agriculture and also , improve the quality of fertilizers and hence the output . Should the distribution of credit loans improve , the Indian government would also find it easy to meet production targets and have a better control over prices of grains . Due to the critical shortage of agricultural output , India has to resort to banning grain exports and instead , drive up its import bills from wheat coming into the country . There has been so much attention focused on the industrial and services sector that the agricultural side has been largely neglected . The lack of credit loans coupled with improper government intervention had resulted in the livelihood of the farmers to go downhill .
As commercial banks are not present in remote locations of India , where agriculture is supposed to thrive , it becomes an important limitation as the rural population has a strong dependence on it . Co-operative banks which have been set up previously were also doomed to fail as a result of bad loans and a lack of funds . These commercial banks have their own set of worries , as defaults and crop failures are common in the sector . As such , they prefer lending out to areas where each farmer owns a much larger proportion of land and also , have better irrigation systems .
However , that does not solve the problem as the smaller farmers ' ( which forms a majority ) issues remains unaddressed . There should be better banking systems established that is accessible and affordable to every person . The benefits of economic growth have not been equally shared among all as the access to credit is not granted to all . Economic opportunities ought to be created for the marginalized groups to help in poverty reduction and inequality problems . Further attempts made by the government to expand credit loans have resulted in more cases of poverty than ever . The lack of access to formal credit thus places many constraints on agricultural output and also , the standards of living for the rural population thereby hindering their path to further economic and social development .
See also
Debt bondage in India
References
Agricultural finance in India
Debt bondage in India
Indus International University ( IIU ) is a private not-for-profit university , located near the village Bathu in Haroli Tehsil , Una district , Himachal Pradesh , India . The university was established in 2010 by the Kartha Education Society through the Indus International University ( Establishment & Regulation ) Act , 2009 .
Schools and departments
The university comprises three schools :
School of Engineering and Technology
Computer Science Engineering
Department of Civil Engineering
Department of Mechanical Engineering
School of Sciences and Humanities
Department of Mathematics
Department of Physics
Department of Chemistry
Department of English
School of Business and Management
Department of Business and Management
Department of Hospitality and Tourism Management
Approval
Like all universities in India , Indus International University is recognised by the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) , which has also sent an expert committee and accepted compliance of observation/deficiencies .
References
External links
Education in Una district
Universities in Himachal Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Himachal Pradesh
Private universities in India
Pandercetes is a genus of huntsman spiders that was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in his 1875 treatise on Australian spiders . They are mainly distributed in tropical Asia and Australia , and are known for their cryptic coloration that matches local moss and lichen . Their legs have lateral hairs , giving them a feathery appearance , further masking their outline against tree trunks . Their head is somewhat elevated and the carapace has the thoracic region low and flat .
The genus is characterized by the internal anatomy of the reproductive structures . Males have irregular coils at the terminal end , while females have screw like copulatory ducts .
Species
it contains sixteen species and one subspecies , found in tropical forests in Asia , extending east to Australia :
Pandercetes celatus Pocock , 1899 – India
Pandercetes celebensis Merian , 1911 – Indonesia ( Sulawesi )
Pandercetes c. vulcanicola Merian , 1911 – Indonesia ( Sulawesi )
Pandercetes decipiens Pocock , 1899 – India , Sri Lanka
Pandercetes gracilis L. Koch , 1875 ( type ) – Indonesia ( Moluccas , Sulawesi ) , New Guinea , Australia ( Queensland )
Pandercetes isopus Thorell , 1881 – Indonesia ( Moluccas ) , New Guinea
Pandercetes longipes Thorell , 1881 – Papua New Guinea ( Yule Is . )
Pandercetes macilentus Thorell , 1895 – Myanmar
Pandercetes malleator Thorell , 1890 – Malaysia , Indonesia ( Aru Is . )
Pandercetes manoius Roewer , 1938 – New Guinea
Pandercetes niger Merian , 1911 – Indonesia ( Sulawesi )
Pandercetes nigrogularis ( Simon , 1897 ) – Indonesia ( Java )
Pandercetes ochreus Hogg , 1922 – Vietnam
Pandercetes palliventris Strand , 1911 – New Guinea
Pandercetes peronianus ( Walckenaer , 1837 ) – New Zealand
Pandercetes plumipes ( Doleschall , 1859 ) – Sri Lanka , Indonesia ( Ambon ) , New Guinea
Pandercetes plumosus Pocock , 1899 – Papua New Guinea ( New Britain )
See also
List of Sparassidae species
References
External links
Atlas of Living Australia
Araneomorphae genera
Sparassidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders of Australia
Taxa named by Carl Ludwig Koch
Tiunovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 65 as of 2002 .
Geography
Tiunovskaya is located 14 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kokorikha is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Berlin Wall was constructed in 1961 to separate West Berlin and East Berlin during the Cold War . All the differences between the countries made it a perfect place for people to express their opinions , especially on their preferences and dislikes . In the 1980s , the wall was reconstructed and made tall . Graffiting on the wall became popular for artists from all over the world and a place where tourists would go and admire the artwork . The West Berlin side of the wall had artwork completely covering the wall , while the East Berlin side was kept blank because people were not permitted to get close enough to the eastside of the wall to paint anything .
The Berlin Wall was one of the largest canvases in the world . Much of the artwork was not claimed by artists and remains anonymous . Because the wall was open to everyone , there were no restrictions on what artists could put on the wall . Almost all of the wall has been removed and it only exists in places such as Potsdamer Platz , the East Side Gallery , and Bernauer Straße ; many segments are now exhibited in other countries ; see List of Berlin Wall segments .
Gallery
References
External links
https : //www.berlinwallart.com/
`` Berlin Wall Art and Graffiti '' , dailysoft.com
`` West Berlin : The City in the Middle '' by Edward Murray
Berlin Wall
Graffiti and unauthorised signage
Cold War in popular culture
The 1983–84 Syracuse Orangemen men 's basketball team represented Syracuse University during the 1983–84 college basketball season .
Roster
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Big East Tournament
|-
! colspan=9 style=| NCAA Tournament
References
Syracuse Orange
Syracuse Orange men 's basketball seasons
Syracuse
Syracuse Orange
Syracuse Orange
Qaleh-ye Golab ( ) , also rendered as Qaleh-i-Gulab , may refer to :
Qaleh-ye Golab , Kerman
Qaleh-ye Golab , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
Trachylepis tandrefana is a species of skink , a lizard in the family Scincidae .
The species is endemic to Madagascar .
References
Trachylepis
Reptiles of Madagascar
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1999
Taxa named by Ronald Archie Nussbaum
Taxa named by Christopher John Raxworthy
Taxa named by Jean-Baptiste Ramanamanjato
The Linda Vista Shopping Center is a neighborhood shopping center San Diego and one of the first in the United States , built in 1943 . It was predated in California only by the Broadway & 87th Street shopping center in South Los Angeles opened in seven years earlier in 1936 .
Linda Vista was dedicated by Eleanor Roosevelt . Pasadena architects Karl F. Giberson and Whitney P. Smith designed the center . It is located in the neighborhood of Linda Vista , an area whose population soared in 1941 , when 3000 homes were constructed in less than a year to house aircraft workers and their families . Linda Vista was America 's largest defense housing project during World War II , and the world 's largest low-cost modern housing development , according to the San Diego Historical Society .
The design was innovative for the time and place , with Pasadena architect Whitney Smith following garden city principles , with parking around the edges and a landscaped `` main street '' or `` town green '' interior with a lawn , trees , and an arc-shaped , bench-lined covered promenade . Uniform paint color , shopfronts , and signage were also relatively new concepts . The center measured of leasable space , consisting of 10 specialty stores , a dime store , supermarket and small branch of San Diego-based Walker Scott department store ( originally the independent `` Linda Vista department store '' ) . There was parking for 261 cars around the entire perimeter , also an innovative feature .
The center won a Creditable Mention Award from the Southern California Chapter of the American Institute of Architects in January 1947 .
Much ( but not all ) of the complex was demolished and replaced in 1972 . It still thrives with many shops now having an Asian-centric offering , reflecting the evolving population in the area .
References
Defunct shopping malls in the United States
Buildings and structures demolished in 1972
Shopping malls in San Diego County , California
Neighborhood shopping centers
Wood and Walters is a British television comedy sketch show starring Julie Walters and Victoria Wood for Granada Television and written entirely by Wood . The show was short-lived , with one pilot in 1981 and a series of seven shows in 1982 .
Background
Both women had first met at Manchester Polytechnic in 1970 , Wood was hoping to enroll , and Walters was coming to the end of her course . They met again in 1978 when they both appeared in the same revue In at the Death at The Bush Theatre in London .
Wood had been initially spotted by Granada 's head of drama , Peter Eckersley , performing in her self-written play Talent at Sheffield 's Crucible Theatre , who asked her to recreate it for television ( his widow is actress Anne Reid , who would appear as Jean in Wood 's 1998 sitcom dinnerladies ) . The TV version of Talent and its sequel Nearly a Happy Ending , would also co-star Walters .
Pilot – Wood and Walters : Two Creatures Great and Small
Broadcast 1 January 1981
After she had turned down the female role in the satirical sketch show Not the Nine O'Clock News in 1979 , Eckersley offered Wood a sketch show of her own in 1980 . However , Wood agreed only on the understanding that Walters received equal billing , not feeling confident enough as yet to go it alone . Wood had in fact only ever written one sketch three years earlier before being given her own show . She fell back on songs , which she felt was her strength , the pilot contained four in 30 minutes . The sketches concerned themselves with Marriage Guidance Council , keep fit classes , DIY and gossip . Wood hated the finished result , so was very surprised that the show was nominated for a BAFTA for Best Light Entertainment Programme alongside The Two Ronnies , The Kenny Everett Video Show and The Stanley Baxter Series ( which won ) .
Series
Broadcast 1 January 1982 – 21 February 1982
For the series a year later , the 'Two Creatures Great and Small ' adjunct had been dropped , as critics commenting on Wood 's weight had been beginning to get to her ( though she did also say later she was delighted that she was once described as `` dominating the stage like a witty tank '' ) .
The show was not a happy experience as , in the intervening time since the pilot , the show 's producer ( and Wood 's mentor ) Peter Eckersley had died of cancer . It was a terrible blow to Wood who said `` he had lots of ideas for the series…but he never told me what they were . His value to me was inestimable . He had a marvellous eye for what was unnecessary and great attention to detail . He had liked the first material for the series but never saw any of the other stuff . '' Wood was not impressed by his replacement for the series , Brian Armstrong , and was of the opinion that he had hired several unsuitable actors .
The studio audience was generally filled with pensioners who often had difficulty understanding Wood 's refined humour . Before one sketch , the warm up man had to explain to them what a boutique was . Wood said she heard one disgusted audience member say to her friend : `` You realise we 're missing Brideshead for this '' .
Sketches for Wood and Walters included
The Woman With 740 Children , in which Wood played a woman who overdosed on a fertility drug . Much to her surprise , Granada hired 70 babies to appear in the sketch .
‘ Girl Talking ' was an expert parody of social realist documentaries , and
‘ Northerners ' was a song parodying stereotypes of the North of England .
A regular character on the show was Dotty . The items entitled `` Dotty 's Slot '' featured Walters as Dotty , who performed a witty monologue by a middle-class housewife discussing all matters national and trivial , such as in the sketch ‘ Dotty on Women 's Lib ' . As a character , she shares many similarities with a later Wood creation 'Kitty ' ( as played by Patricia Routledge ) .
Rik Mayall also appeared in a one-off monologue as a chauvinistic feminist called Mitch , filling a similar guest slot as he had with Kevin Turvey in the sketch show A Kick Up the Eighties . Another alternative comedy innovator to appear on the show was John Dowie , who had already toured with Wood in 1978 .
Wood 's view of the series was `` Some bits of it were good , some deadly '' .
Around this time , Wood made a weekly musical appearance in the BBC Radio 2 show The Little and Large Party , narrated an Arts Council film on the pantomime dame , and was profiled in the schools programme Scene . Walters would also appear with Michael Angelis in 1982 as his wife in Alan Bleasdale 's Boys from the Blackstuff .
Wood and Walters place in British comedy history can be seen as that of a dry run for the more popular and acclaimed Victoria Wood : As Seen on TV which aired on BBC television between 1985 and 1987 , which shared some of the same elements such as pseudo-documentaries , songs , sketches , as well as co-starring Walters and Preston .
Although consisting of seven episodes , the seventh in the series was a compilation of sketches and songs pulled from the earlier six parts and the pilot .
Home media
The series was released on DVD by Network on 18 October 2010 . The release included all seven episodes and the original `` Two Creatures Great and Small '' pilot episode on a single disc .
References
External links
BBC Comedy Guide to Wood And Walters
Screenonline on Wood And Walters
1981 British television series debuts
1982 British television series endings
ITV sketch shows
ITV comedy
Television series by ITV Studios
English-language television shows
Television shows produced by Granada Television
1980s British television sketch shows
Kontakt TV or Kontakt is a local commercial cable television channel based in Banja Luka , Bosnia and Herzegovina . The program is mainly produced in Serbian . The TV station was established in 2015 . Kontakt TV broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news , sports , music , and documentaries .
Radio Kontakt is also part of the company .
References
External links
www.mojkontakt.com
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mass media in Banja Luka
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2015
AB Pictoris ( abbreviated AB Pic , also catalogued as HD 44627 ) is a K-type star , approximately 163 light-years away in the constellation of Pictor . It has been identified as a member of the young ( 30 million years old ) Tucana–Horologium association . The star has also been classified as a BY Draconis variable . In 2005 it was announced that an astronomical object ( AB Pictoris b , abbreviated AB Pic b ) had been imaged in 2003 and 2004 close to and apparently in orbit around the star . Its mass suggests that it is at the borderline between being a brown dwarf or a planet .
Possible planetary system
In 2003 and 2004 , an object ( now catalogued as AB Pictoris b ) was observed close to the star by a team of astronomers at the European Southern Observatory . Since it had common proper motion with AB Pictoris , it was concluded that it was physically close to the star . Its spectral type was estimated as between L0V and L3V . Using evolutionary models , its mass was estimated as from 13 to 14 Jupiter masses . However , because modelling such young objects is difficult , this estimate is very uncertain ; some models give masses as low as 11 Jupiter masses or as high as 70 Jupiter masses . Temperature estimates range from 1600 K to 2400 K. As it is not known if the mass of the object exceeds the deuterium burning limit of 13 Jupiter masses , it is not clear whether the object should be classified as an extrasolar planet or a brown dwarf .
See also
51 Pegasi
Beta Pictoris
GQ Lupi
References
External links
Homogeneous comparison of directly detected planet candidates : GQ Lup , 2M1207 , AB Pic , Ralph Neuhaeuser , ESO Workshop Proceedings on Multiple Stars , , .
K-type main-sequence stars
Pictor ( constellation )
030034
044627
Pictoris , AB
CD-58 01409
BY Draconis variables
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
J. Wentzel van Huyssteen ( 29 April 1942 - 18 February 2022 ) was a professor at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1992-2014 . His official position was the James I. McCord Professor of Theology and Science . Born in South Africa , he was ordained as part of the Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa . He received his MA in philosophy from the Stellenbosch University in South Africa , and his PhD in philosophical theology from the Free University of Amsterdam . His areas of expertise are theology and science as well as religion and scientific epistemology . He was on the editorial board for the American Journal of Theology and Philosophy , the Nederduits Gereformeerde Teologiese Tydskrif , and the Journal of Theology and Science , and was coeditor of the Science and Religion Series ( Ashgate Press ) . In 2004 he was selected to deliver the esteemed Gifford Lectures , in which he presented his work titled “ Alone in the World ? Science and Theology on Human Uniqueness . ”
van Huysteen has also worked on cooperation with archaeologists , and has published an article on the development of self in Çatal Höyük .
Major publications
Ashgate Science and Religion Series : Anna Case-Winters , Reconstructing a Christian Theology of Nature : Down to Earth , coedited with Roger Trigg . Series Editors ( Adlershot : Ashgate Press , 2007 )
Alone in the World ? Human Uniqueness in Science and Theology ( Wm . B. Eerdmans Publishing Company , 2006 )
The Encyclopedia of Science and Religion ( Two volumes ) . Editor-in-chief ( Macmillan Publishers , 2003 )
The Shaping of Rationality : Toward Interdisciplinarity in Theology and Science ( Wm . B. Eerdmans Publishing Company , 1999 )
Duet or Duel ? Theology and Science in a Postmodern World ( SCM/Trinity Press , 1998 )
Also , Christopher Lilley and Daniel J. Pedersen ( Eds . ) , Human Origins and the Image of God : Essays in honor of J. Wentzel van Huyssteen ( Wm . B. Eerdmans Publishing Company , 2017 )
References
Living people
South African theologians
1942 births
Princeton Theological Seminary faculty
Sedona is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Tommy Stovall . The plot concerns the experiences of an advertising executive and a lawyer in Sedona , Arizona . Released theatrically in 2012 , the film 's cast includes Frances Fisher , Seth Peterson , Barry Corbin , Christopher Atkins , Lin Shaye , and Beth Grant .
Plot
The film contains two stories that take place in Sedona , Arizona . One story involves a successful advertising executive named Tammy ( Frances Fisher ) who , on her birthday , is driving from Portland to Phoenix to land the biggest client of her career until a wrong turn gets her lost and takes her into Sedona by mistake , where she is run off the highway by a tour plane making an emergency landing and right in the middle of town , and so she is forced to wait in Sedona while her damaged car is being repaired .
Across town , a lawyer named Scott ( Seth Peterson ) is hiking in the woods with his partner Eddie ( Matt Williamson ) and their two young sons . Eddie brought the workaholic Scott to Sedona for some rest and relaxation , but wind up in an unexpected adventure when 7-year-old Denny ( Trevor Sterling Stovall ) gets lost . The ensuing frantic search for Denny sends Scott into a profound life-changing journey that forces him to examine his own priorities and determine what 's truly important in his life .
Meanwhile , Tammy unwittingly begins a spiritual transformation of her own as she encounters an array of the townspeople , each of them touching her in different meaningful ways . A chain of coincidences spirals her out of control , leaving her haunted by her past and forcing her to face her demons head on . Letting her guard down , she confronts the implausible possibility that she has been brought to Sedona for a reason .
Cast
Frances Fisher as Tammy
Seth Peterson as Scott
Beth Grant as Deb Lovejoy
Matt Williamson as Eddie
Trevor Sterling Stovall as Denny
Rand Schwenke as Jeremy
Christopher Atkins as Pierce
Barry Corbin as Les
Tatanka Means as Chuck
Lin Shaye as Claire
Kylee Cochran as Alana
Robert Shields as Sky
Rachel Reenstra as Linda
Andy Ridings as Pat
Reviews
Jason Buchanan of TV Guide wrote that viewers `` will likely walk away smiling thanks to stunning cinematography that gives a genuine sense of place , two skillfully interwoven storylines , convincing performances by a talented cast , and a fantastic portrayal of two loving , supportive gay parents that makes their sexuality a complete non-issue . '' Rotten Tomatoes Critic Mark R. Leeper gave Sedona a score of 7 out of 10 . Bill Goodykoontz from The Arizona Republic , who gave the film 2 out of 5 stars , wrote `` Tommy Stovall 's film gets bogged down in a morass of clichés , stereotypical characters and over-the-top acting , much of it committed by Frances Fisher , who you 'd think might know better . ''
References
External links
2011 films
Films set in Sedona , Arizona
Films shot in Arizona
American independent films
American comedy-drama films
Films about spirituality
American LGBT-related films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Veit Stoss ( also : Veit Stoß and Stuoss ; ; before 1450about 20 September 1533 ) was a leading German sculptor , mostly working with wood , whose career covered the transition between the late Gothic and the Northern Renaissance . His style emphasized pathos and emotion , helped by his virtuoso carving of billowing drapery ; it has been called `` late Gothic Baroque '' . He had a large workshop , and in addition to his own works there are a number by pupils . He is best known for the altarpiece in St. Mary 's Basilica in Kraków , Poland .
Life
According to the contracts and other official documents written in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , Stoss was born in a place pronounced as Horb or Horbn . Most researchers identify this place with Horb am Neckar near Stuttgart in Germany . However , there are artistic traces indicating that Stoss 's early education could take place in the modern Switzerland . Moreover , his brother was certainly born in Aarau in northern Switzerland , which suggests that the artist 's family lived in the region and that Stoss was rather born in the town of Horben , located 30 km southeast of Aarau
His exact date of birth is unknown though it must have been shortly before 1450 . Nothing about his life is known for certain before 1473 when he moved to Nuremberg in Franconia and married Barbara Hertz . Their eldest son Andreas was born there before 1477 , when Stoss moved to Kraków , the royal capital of Poland , where he was commissioned to produce the enormous polychrome wooden Altar of Veit Stoss ( Ołtarz Wita Stwosza ) at St Mary 's Church in Kraków . His son Stanisław was also a sculptor . Veit lived and worked in Kraków for the next twenty years . His name is usually polonized as Wit Stwosz .
In Kraków
The altar in Kraków was completed in 1489 , and was the largest triptych of its time . Like Stoss ' other large works , it required a large workshop including specialized painters and gilders . Other important works from Stoss ' period in Poland were the tomb of Casimir IV in Wawel Cathedral , the marble tomb of Zbigniew Oleśnicki in Gniezno , and the altar of Saint Stanislaus . The Polish court was more aware of Italian styles than Nuremberg patrons of that time , and some of Stoss ' Polish work used Renaissance classical ornament .
During World War II , on the order of Hans Frankthe Governor-General of that region of occupied Polandthe dismantled Altar was shipped to Nazi Germany around 1941 . It was rediscovered in 1945 in Bavaria , hidden in the basement of the heavily bombed Nuremberg Castle . The High Altar underwent major restoration work in Poland and was put back in its place at the Basilica ten years later .
Nuremberg
In 1496 , Stoss returned to Nuremberg with his wife and eight children . He reacquired his citizenship for three gulden and resumed his work there as a sculptor . Between 1500 and 1503 he carved an altar , now lost , for the parish church of Schwaz , Tyrol of the `` Assumption of Mary '' . In 1503 , he was arrested for forging the seal and signature of a fraudulent contractor and was sentenced to be branded on both of his cheeks and prohibited from leaving Nuremberg without the explicit permission of the city council . He was pardoned in 1506 by Emperor Maximilian and restored of his civil rights .
Despite the prohibition he went to Münnerstadt in 1504 , to paint and gild the altarpiece that Tilman Riemenschneider had left in plain wood ten years earlier , presumably according to his contract ( unlike Stoss , his workshop did not include painters and gilders ) . Leaving wood sculpture unpainted was a new taste at the time , and `` perhaps the tastes of the city council were somewhat provincial . '' He also created the altar for Bamberg Cathedral and various other sculptures in Nuremberg , including the Annunciation and Tobias and the Angel . In 1506 he was arrested a second time . In 1507 , Emperor Maximilian wrote a letter of pardon . The sole argument was made on the account of his genius . The council of the Imperial free city Nuremberg refused to give him a public notice . But Maximilian 's intervention saved him from the dungeons and having his hands chopped off . He was able to resettle in Nuremberg from 1506 , but was shunned by the council and received few large commissions from that time onwards . In 1512 , the Emperor asked Stoss to help with the planning of his tomb monument , which was eventually placed in the Hofkirche , Innsbruck ; it seems Stoss 's attempts to cast in brass were unsuccessful .
During the period 1515–1520 , Veit Stoss received a commission for sculptures by Raffaele Torrigiani , a rich Florentine merchant . In 1516 he made Tobias and the Angel ( now in Germanisches Nationalmuseum , Nuremberg ) , and a statue of Saint Roch for the Basilica of Santissima Annunziata in Florence . This wooden statue represents the saint in a traditional way : in the garb of a pilgrim , lifting his tunic to demonstrate the plague sore in his thigh . Even Giorgio Vasari , who did not think much of artists north of the Alps , praised it in his Le Vite and called it `` a miracle in wood '' , though misattributing it .
Veit Stoss was buried at St. Johannis cemetery in Nuremberg . His artistic legacy was continued by his son Stanisław .
In popular culture
Veit Stoss is featured in Judith Weir 's opera , The Black Spider . He is one of the singing sculptors in Act 3 Scene 2 inside the Wawel Cathedral . He is shown chiseling at the tomb of King Casimir IV .
There is a Polish book ( 1913 ) and film ( 1961 ) Historia żółtej ciżemki ( The story of a yellow crakow ) about Veit Stoss in Cracow .
Notes and references
Sources
External links
Robin Pilch Craren ( 2012 ) : VEIT STOSS/WIT STWOSZ CONTEXTUALIZED WITHIN THE POLISH TRADITION OF SCULPTURE IN THE LATE FIFTEENTH CENTURY , M A Thesis , fulltext , pictures , 118 pp
St. Mary 's Altar by Veit Stoss , Cracow 2010 , detailed videodocument
Story of the Cracow altarpiece
Web Gallery of Art : STOSS Veit
Stoss carving in the Victoria and Albert Museum , London
Profile of Veit Stoss ( Wit Stwosz ) at Culture.pl
Gothic sculptors
15th-century German sculptors
German male sculptors
16th-century German sculptors
German woodcarvers
15th-century births
1533 deaths
People from Horb am Neckar
Artists from Nuremberg
German Roman Catholics
Federation of Trade Unions can refer to :
All-China Federation of Trade Unions
Federation of Independent Trade Unions of Russia
Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus
Federation of Trade Unions of Burma
Federation of Trade Unions of Macedonia
Federation of Trade Unions of the Republic of Kazakhstan
Federation of Trade Unions of Ukraine
Federation of Trade Unions of Uzbekistan
General Federation of Trade Unions ( Syria )
the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions
International Federation of Trade Unions
Kyrgyzstan Federation of Trade Unions
World Federation of Trade Unions
See also
List of federations of trade unions
Confederation of Trade Unions ( disambiguation )
Hiram Lincoln Church ( 1863–1926 ) was an American baseball player . He played for the 1890 Brooklyn Gladiators in the American Association . He also played college ball at Syracuse University .
External links
`` 1889 Oneida Indians ''
1863 births
1926 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
19th-century baseball players
Brooklyn Gladiators players
Oneida Indians players
Syracuse Orangemen baseball players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
People from Oswego County , New York
Devon Monk is an American writer of urban fantasy novels . She has also published over 50 short stories in fantasy , science fiction , horror , humor , and young adult magazines and anthologies . Monk currently resides in Oregon with her husband , two sons , and a dog named Mojo .
Published works
Allie Beckstrom Series
Magic to the Bone ( November 4 , 2008 , Roc Books , )
After Allie 's father is murdered , she becomes the prime suspect . She must race to stay ahead of those hunting her and prove her innocence while trying to find her father 's killer .
Magic in the Blood ( May 5 , 2009 , Roc Books , )
Those with high power are unsure where Allie fits in , if at all . Struggling with memory loss creates unique situations , especially as her magic abilities open up .
Magic in the Shadows ( November 3 , 2009 , Roc Books , )
Magic on the Storm ( May 4 , 2010 , Roc Books , )
Magic at the Gate ( November 2 , 2010 , Roc Books , )
Magic on the Hunt ( April 5 , 2011 , Roc Books , )
Magic on the Line ( November 1 , 2011 , Roc Books , )
Magic Without Mercy ( April 3 , 2012 , Roc Books , )
Magic for a Price ( November 6 , 2012 , Roc Books , )
Broken Magic Series
Hell Bent ( November 5 , 2013 , Roc Books , )
Stone Cold ( April 1 , 2014 , Roc Books , )
Age of Steam
Devon Monk has been contracted for at least two books set in the steampunk American West . The books will focus on a cursed bounty hunter in the wilds of the West where steam technology , magic , and gunslingers collide .
Dead Iron : The Age of Steam ( July 5 , 2011 , Roc Books , )
Tin Swift : The Age of Steam ( July 3 , 2012 , Roc Books , )
Cold Copper : The Age of Steam ( 2013 , Roc Books , )
House Immortal
`` House Immortal '' ( September 2014 , Roc Books , )
`` Infinity Bell '' ( March 2015 , Roc Books , )
`` Crucible Zero '' ( September 2015 , Roc Books , )
Ordinary Magic
`` Death and Relaxation '' ( June 20 , 2016 , Odd House Press , )
`` Devils and Details '' ( August 31 , 2016 , Odd House Press , )
`` Gods and Ends '' ( May 14 , 2017 , Odd House Press , )
`` Rock Paper Scissors '' ( June 21 , 2018 , Odd House Press , )
`` Rock Paper Scissors '' was originally released as three separate Ordinary Magic Short Stories , later compiled to become book 4 :
`` Rock Candy '' ( September 30 , 2017 , Odd House Press , )
`` Paper Stars '' ( December 3 , 2017 , Odd House Press , )
`` Scissor Kisses '' ( March 18 , 2018 , Odd House Press , ) Note : ISBN as printed in e-book
`` Dime a Demon '' ( June 12 , 2019 , Odd House Press , )
`` Hell 's Spells '' ( October 12 , 2020 , Odd House Press , )
`` Sealed With a Tryst '' ( August 22 , 2021 , Odd House Press , )
`` Sealed with a Tryst '' was originally published in the `` Dirty Deeds '' collection , an urban fantasy collection of various authors . `` Dirty Deeds '' is no longer available , so `` Sealed with a Tryst '' was released as a standalone eBook .
`` Nobody 's Ghoul '' ( June 17 , 2021 , Odd House Press , )
`` Brute of All Evil '' ( Unreleased , Odd House Press , ISBN TBD ) Note : Expected release 2022
Short stories
Anthologies
`` The Sweet Smell of Cherries '' ( Allie Beckstrom short story ) , published in Crime Spells ( February 3 , 2009 , DAW Books , )
`` That Saturday '' , published in Better Off Undead ( November 4 , 2008 , DAW Books , )
`` Bearing Life '' , published in Maiden , Matron , Crone ( May 3 , 2005 , DAW Books , )
`` Singing Down the Sun '' , published in Fantastic Companions ( May 17 , 1005 , Fitzhenry & Whiteside , )
`` Peggy Plain '' , published in Rotten Relations ( December 7 , 2004 , DAW Books , )
`` Moonlighting '' , published in Fantasy Gone Wrong ( September 5 , 2006 , DAW Books , )
`` Medium on the Rise '' , published in Deathgrip : Exit Laughing ( October 2006 , HellBound Books , )
`` Stitchery '' , published in Years Best Fantasy # 2 ( July 2 , 2002 , Eos , )
`` Under Her Wing '' , published in Sword and Sorceress XV ( January 1 , 1998 , DAW Books , )
Collections
Devon Monk has sold a collection of her short stories to Fairwood Press .
A Cup of Normal
References
External links
Living people
21st-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
American women novelists
Urban fantasy writers
Novelists from Oregon
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
21st-century American women writers
1970 births
The Connecticut Department of Administrative Services ( DAS ) is a department of the American state of Connecticut . It oversees many of the state 's core functions and acts as a service provider and administrator for other state departments and agencies .
Overview
The DAS serves as the state 's “ nerve center ” and oversees most state contracting and asset management .
The DAS handles the contracting for prisoner communications services . Their handling of those contracts has been heavily criticized .
History
In July 2013 the Connecticut Department of Public Works became part of the DAS .
In 2017 independent auditors found massive problems with the way the Department tracks orders and payments as well as failing to properly punish drivers of state vehicles who misused their vehicles .
In 2019 Governor Ned Lamont appointed Josh Geballe as commissioner . Geballe is a ten-year IBM veteran who most recently served as CEO of New Haven based Core Informatics . He replaced retiring Commissioner Melody Currey .
Components
Bureau of Enterprise Systems and Technology
External links
DAS website
References
State agencies of Connecticut
Juan Tuñas Bajeneta or Romperredes ( 17 July 1917 – 4 April 2011 ) was a Cuban footballer .
Club career
He played for the Cuban clubs Juventud Asturiana and Centro Gallego . After helping lead Cuba to the quarterfinals in their only World Cup appearance , he moved to Mexico and played for Real Club España , winning two Liga Mayor ( Mexico First Division ) championships there , in 1942 and 1945 .
International career
Tuñas was a member of the Cuba national football team that played at the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France , winning the game to Romania ( according to the official FIFA match report ) .
Personal life
His nickname Romperredes means `` net-breaker '' , after his powerful shots on goal with him once shooting a hole in a goalnet . In 2005 , he received the Gloria del Deporte Cubano Award in Havana . After his retirement he resided in Mexico City and was the last surviving member of Cuba 's squad from the 1938 World Cup . He died in April 2011 .
References
External links
biographical sketch at CONCACAF
FIFA article
1917 births
2011 deaths
Sportspeople from Havana
Association football forwards
Cuban footballers
Cuba international footballers
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Real Club España footballers
Liga MX players
Cuban expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Cuban expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Cuban emigrants to Mexico
Gavjellu ( , also Romanized as Gāvjellū and Gāv Jelow ; also known as Gāv Chelū , Gav Jelo , Jūjalū , and Kūh Jālū ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Saruq District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 143 , in 32 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Szabolcs Gergő Schön ( born 27 September 2000 ) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Fehérvár and the Hungary national team .
Club career
In April 2021 , Schön signed with FC Dallas . He returned to Hungary on 26 August 2022 , signing with Fehérvár .
International career
On 1 June 2021 , Schön was included in the final 26-man squad to represent Hungary at the rescheduled UEFA Euro 2020 tournament . He took part in two of three group stage matches for Hungary at Euro 2020 where Hungary nearly pulled off the impossible in escaping the group of death with France , Germany , and Portugal .
He made his debut for Hungary national team on 8 June 2021 in a friendly against Ireland . He substituted Ádám Szalai in the 88th minute of a 0–0 draw .
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
Hungarian footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Hungary under-21 international footballers
Hungary international footballers
Association football forwards
Eerste Divisie players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Jong Ajax players
MTK Budapest FC players
FC Dallas players
Fehérvár FC players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Hungarian people of German descent
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Major League Soccer players
Footballers from Budapest
Mount Reinstein is a 12,586-foot-elevation ( 3,836 meter ) mountain summit located west of the crest of the Sierra Nevada mountain range , in Fresno County , California , United States . This peak is situated on the common boundary shared by Kings Canyon National Park with John Muir Wilderness , and it is the highest point on LeConte Divide . Reinstein ranks as the 260th-highest summit in California . It is set west of Scylla and southwest of Mount Goddard . Topographic relief is significant as the summit rises nearly 1,600 feet ( 488 meters ) above Martha Lake in less than one mile . An ascent of the peak is non-technical , and inclusion on the Sierra Peaks Section peakbagging list generates climbing interest in this remote peak .
History
This mountain was named `` Reinstein Peak '' in 1911 to honor Jacob Bert Reinstein , a charter member of the Sierra Club , prominent San Francisco attorney , and a regent of the University of California from 1897 until his death on April 16 , 1911 , at age 57 . The toponym 's present form was officially adopted in 1983 by the United States Board on Geographic Names .
Climate
Mount Reinstein is located in an alpine climate zone . Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean , and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains . As fronts approach , they are forced upward by the peaks ( orographic lift ) , causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range . Precipitation runoff from this mountain drains east into Goddard Creek which is a tributary of the Middle Fork Kings River , and west to the North Fork Kings River .
See also
Sequoia-Kings Canyon Wilderness
References
External links
Weather forecast : Mount Reinstein
Jacob Reinstein ( photo )
Jacob Reinstein In Memoriam
Mt . Reinstein ( photo ) : Flickr
Mountains of Fresno County , California
Mountains of Kings Canyon National Park
North American 3000 m summits
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada ( United States )
Mountains of the John Muir Wilderness
This is a list of former accounting firms .
United Kingdom
A
Arthur Young & Co .
B
Binder Hamlyn
C
Coopers & Lybrand
D
Deloitte Haskins & Sells
E
Ernst & Ernst
Ernst & Whinney
N
Numerica
P
Peat , Marwick , Mitchell & Company
Price Waterhouse
R
RSM Bentley Jennison
RSM Robson Rhodes
RSM Tenon
T
Touche Ross
V
Vantis
W
William Barclay Peat & Co .
United States
A
Arthur Andersen
B
Beard Miller Company
H
Haskins & Sells
References
Defunct accounting firms
Gavambodhi ( pronounced gavāmbōdhi , meanin The teacher of the cows ) is a ragam in Carnatic music ( musical scale of South Indian classical music ) . It is the 43rd Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music . It is called or in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 1st rāgam in the 8th chakra Vasu . The mnemonic name is Vasu-Pa . The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dha na . Its structure ( ascending and descending scale ) is as follows ( see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms ) :
:
:
( the notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham , sadharana gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham , shuddha nishadham )
As it is a melakarta rāgam , by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam ( has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale ) . It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Senavati , which is the 7th melakarta .
Janya rāgams
Gavambodhi has a few minor janya rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it . See List of janya rāgams for all janya rāgams associated with Gavambodhi .
Compositions
A few compositions set to Gavambodhi are :
Virai vagave by Koteeswara Iyer
Vinati chakonavayya by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Namomasti geervani by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam .
Gavambodhi 's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a minor melakarta rāgam Hatakambari . Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam . For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Hatakambari .
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Ursula Wood may refer to :
Ursula Vaughan Williams ( 1911–2007 ) , English poet and author , previously Ursula Wood
Ursula Wood ( artist ) ( 1868–1925 ) , British artist and illustrator
Boomerang is an Australian television program which aired from 1961 to 1962 on Melbourne station GTV-9 . A daytime program , it was hosted by Sybil Francis , and aired in a 30-minute time-slot . Among its segments was `` Kangaroo Court '' , which featured discussion of controversial topics .
Early in its run , Boomerang aired on Thursdays at 2:00 PM , against Thursday Theatre on HSV-7 . Towards the end of the series run , it aired at 1:00 PM , aired against Summer Science School on HSV-7 and a test pattern on ABV-2 .
References
External links
1961 Australian television series debuts
1962 Australian television series endings
Australian television talk shows
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Vernon Eugene Clark ( born September 7 , 1944 ) is a retired admiral who served as the Chief of Naval Operations ( CNO ) of the United States Navy . He retired on July 22 , 2005 , making his tenure of five years the second-longest serving CNO behind Arleigh Burke . He currently sits on the board of directors of Raytheon and SRI International . In November 2009 , he was selected along with former Secretary of Veterans Affairs Togo West by Defense Secretary Robert Gates to lead the military investigation into the Fort Hood massacre .
Early life and education
Clark was born in Sioux City , Iowa , and grew up in the states of Nebraska , Missouri and Illinois . Clark graduated from Evangel College and earned a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Arkansas . He attended Officer Candidate School and received his commission in August 1968 .
Career
Clark served aboard the destroyers and . As a lieutenant , he commanded . He subsequently commanded , , the Atlantic Fleet 's Anti-Submarine Warfare Training Center , Destroyer Squadron 17 , and Destroyer Squadron 5 . After being selected for flag rank , Clark commanded Carl Vinson Battle Group/Cruiser-Destroyer Group 3 , Second Fleet , and United States Atlantic Fleet .
Ashore , Clark first served as special assistant to the director of the Systems Analysis Division in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations . He later completed assignments as the administrative assistant to the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations ( Surface Warfare ) and as the administrative aide to the Vice Chief of Naval Operations . He served as head of the Cruiser-Destroyer Combat Systems Requirements Section and force anti-submarine warfare officer for the commander of Naval Surface Force , Atlantic Fleet , and he directed the Joint Staff 's Crisis Action Team for Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm .
Clark 's first flag assignment was at the United States Transportation Command ( TRANSCOM ) , where he was director of plans and policy ( J5 ) and financial management and analysis ( J8 ) . While commanding the Carl Vinson Battle Group , he deployed to the Persian Gulf and later served as the Deputy Commander , Joint Task Force Southwest Asia . Clark has also served as the Deputy and Chief of Staff , United States Atlantic Fleet ; the Director of Operations ( J3 ) and subsequently Director , of the Joint Staff . Clark became the 27th Chief of Naval Operations on July 21 , 2000 , relieving Jay L. Johnson .
Clark now serves on the board of directors of Raytheon Company , Rolls-Royce North America , SRI International , Horizon Lines , the Armed Forces YMCA , and is on the world board of governors of the USO . He serves as a senior advisor with Booz Allen Hamilton , the Defense Policy Board , the advisory boards of Fleishman-Hillard , Computer Science Corporation , the Comptroller General 's advisory board of the GAO , and the executive committee of Military Ministry . In addition , he is currently a distinguished professor at Regent University in Virginia Beach , Virginia . Clark teaches in the Robertson School of Government and the School of Business & Leadership and is a member of the Regent 's board of trustees . He is also a member of the Board of Visitors at Air University .
Awards and decorations
Since his retirement , Clark has been honored with the Eisenhower Award from the Business Executives for National Security and the Distinguished Sea Service Award from the Naval Order of the United States .
Clark was elected to the board of directors of Raytheon in December 2005 and the board of directors of SRI International in March 2007 .
References
External links
This article incorporates text in the public domain from the U.S. Department of Defense .
1944 births
Living people
People from Sioux City , Iowa
Assemblies of God people
Evangel University alumni
Military personnel from Iowa
United States Navy officers
University of Arkansas alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Navy admirals
Recipients of the Coast Guard Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal ( US Army )
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Chiefs of Naval Operations
Raytheon Company people
Directors of SRI International
Regent University faculty
The 2017 European Amateur Team Championship took place 11–15 July at Diamond Country Club , in Atzenbrugg , Austria . It was the 34th men 's golf European Amateur Team Championship .
Venue
The hosting Diamond Championship Course at Diamond Country Club , surrounding a centrally located 10-hectare artificial lake , located in Atzenbrugg in the district of Tulln in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , 35 kilometres west of the city center of capital Vienna , was designed by Jeremy Pern and opened in 2002 . It had previously been home for several Austrian Open tournaments on the European Tour .
The championship course was set up with par 72 over 7,457 yards .
Format
Each team consisted of six players , playing two rounds of an opening stroke-play qualifying competition over two days , counting the five best scores each day for each team .
The eight best teams formed flight A , in knock-out match-play over the next three days . The teams were seeded based on their positions after the stroke play . The first placed team was drawn to play the quarter final against the eight placed team , the second against the seventh , the third against the sixth and the fourth against the fifth . Teams were allowed to use six players during the team matches , selecting four of them in the two morning foursome games and five players in to the afternoon single games . Teams knocked out after the quarter finals played one foursome game and four single games in each of their remaining matches . Games all square at the 18th hole were declared halved , if the team match was already decided .
The eight teams placed 9–16 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight B , to play similar knock-out play , with one foursome game and four single games in each match , to decide their final positions .
Teams
16 nation teams contested the event . Iceland , Wales and the Czech Republic qualified after finishing first , second and third at the 2016 Division 2 . Each team consisted of six players .
Players in the leading teams
Other participating teams
Winners
Leader of the opening 36-hole competition was team England , with an 8-under-par score of 712 , seven strokes ahead of team Norway . Team Sweden , on third place , was another stroke behind .
There was no official award for the lowest individual score , but individual leader was Kristoffer Reitan , Norway , with a 5-under-par score of 139 , two strokes ahead of six players tied on second place .
Team Spain won the gold medal , earning their fourth title , beating team England in the final 4–3 .
Italy earned the bronze on third place , after beating Sweden 4–3 in the bronze match .
Belgium , Switzerland and Wales placed 14th , 15th and 16th and was moved to Division 2 for 2018 .
Results
Qualification round
Team standings
Individual leaders
Note : There was no official award for the lowest individual score .
Flight A
Bracket
Final games
Flight B
Bracket
Final standings
Sources :
See also
Eisenhower Trophy – biennial world amateur team golf championship for men organized by the International Golf Federation .
European Ladies ' Team Championship – European amateur team golf championship for women organised by the European Golf Association .
References
External links
European Golf Association : Full results
European Amateur Team Championship
Golf tournaments in Austria
European Amateur Team Championship
European Amateur Team Championship
European Amateur Team Championship
Marske may refer to :
Places
Marske , Richmondshire , a village in North Yorkshire , England
Marske-by-the-Sea , Redcar and Cleveland , a large village , North Yorkshire , England
Marske railway station
New Marske , Redcar and Cleveland , a village south-west of Marske-by-the-Sea
Other uses
Marske ( horse ) , a thoroughbred racehorse and sire
Marske United F.C. , an English football club in Marske-by-the-Sea
Caught in a Moss : BBC Live in Concert is a live album released by the American heavy metal band Anthrax on January 22 , 2007 , internationally and on November 10 , 2009 , in the United States . It contains Anthrax 's February 15 , 1987 , show at the Hammersmith Odeon in London ( disc 1 ) , as well as their performance at the Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington on August 22 , 1987 , ( disc 2 ) .
Track listing
Recorded live at the Hammersmith Odeon on February 15 , 1987
Recorded live at Donington on August 22 , 1987
Personnel
Joey Belladonna – lead vocals
Dan Spitz – lead guitar , backing vocals
Scott Ian – rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Frank Bello – bass guitar , backing vocals
Charlie Benante – drums
References
Anthrax ( American band ) live albums
2007 live albums
Island Records live albums
Universal Music Group live albums
Live thrash metal albums
Albums recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo
Alexandre Franquet ( Songy , 28 June 1828 – Lorient , 25 August 1907 ) was a French Navy officer . He was in command during the Battle of Havana , the most significant naval engagement of the Franco-Prussian War .
Biography
Franquet joined the École navale in October 1843 . He took part in the Crimean War , serving on the corvette Galatée and the gunboat Lance ( 1854–1855 ) with the rank of Ensigne . He then took part in campaigns in China ( 1858–1860 ) on Didon and Primauguet .
During the Franco-Prussian War , with the rank of capitaine de frégate , he was in command of the aviso Bouvet . On 9 November 1870 , he fought the German gunboat Meteor off Havana . Following the inconclusive engagement , he was promoted to capitaine de vaisseau . In June 1881 , he rose to contre-amiral and took command of the squadron based in Algeria . Promoted to vice-amiral in February 1888 , he was appointed Maritime Prefect in Rochefort in September 1892 . He retired in June 1893 .
Honours
Commandeur of the Legion of Honour on 28 December 1884 , Grand Officier on 10 July 1890 .
Médaille de Crimée
References
French military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
École Navale alumni
French Navy admirals
1828 births
1907 deaths
The Musa is a river on the eastern side of the Papuan Peninsula , in Papua New Guinea . It is one of the primary rivers on Oro Province . Its mouth exits into Dyke Ackland Bay .
A plan to dam the river in 1975 caused local opposition .
References
Rivers of Papua New Guinea
Frits Landesbergen ( born 1961 in Voorschoten ) is a Dutch jazz drummer and vibraphonist .
Private life
Since about 2003 he has been in a relationship with Joke Bruijs . The made an album together and his marriage was ending and her marriage had ended . He is younger by eleven years .
References
External links
Official Website
1961 births
Living people
Dutch jazz drummers
Male drummers
People from Voorschoten
Male jazz musicians
Jazz vibraphonists
Dream Castle is the eighth studio album by the artist Vektroid under the one time alias Tanning Salon released on December 3 , 2011 . The album is an example of both lo-fi and ambient music genres . Although not one of Vektroid 's more popular works , it remains among her most critically acclaimed . The album has had releases on vinyl , however some of the releases have been unofficial .
Track listing
References
Vektroid albums
2011 albums
Ambient albums by American artists
The Norwegian Judo Federation ( - NJF ) is the national federation of judo in Norway . The chairman is Vibeke Thiblin ( since 2009 ) and the deputy chairman is Harald Monsen . The Norwegian Judo Federation was founded in 1967 .
The organisation 's headquarters are in Oslo . It is an affiliate of the International Judo Federation .
Overview
In 2002 the Norwegian Judo Federation started training Afghan judokas under an exchange program with the Afghan Judo Federation established that year with the federation slogan `` Judo for Peace '' . What began as a modest effort took on a big scale as increasingly more Afghan children and teenagers enrolled in the training program , the demand rising further . The project 's objective also included giving priority to the underprivileged girls and women of Afghanistan , who showed equal interest and enthusiasm to their male counterparts . The result was a historic first : Freba Razzey became the first ever Afghan female to participate in an Olympic competition ( in 2004 ) .
Besides organizing international exchange programs , the Norwegian Judo Federation , a member of both the European Judo Union and the International Judo Federation ( IJF ) , has been actively participating in international conventions . In 2010 , it participated in the `` Judo for Peace Event '' hosted by the IJF in Jaipur , India .
Organization
Chairman : Vibeke Thiblin
Deputy chairman : Harald Monsen
Chairmen of the NJF
Norwegian judoka
Mette Johansen ( born in 1989 )
Martin Thiblin
See also
European Judo Union
References
External links
Sports organizations established in 1967
1967 establishments in Norway
Judo
Judo organizations
National members of the International Judo Federation
Rorgue is a French producer of custom-made cooking ranges and stoves .
Founded in 1893 in Clermont-Ferrand as a domestic hotwater and boilermaker , the factory moved to Saint-Denis , next to Paris , at the beginning of the 20th century . There they had access to a number of cafes and restaurants , which all had need for ranges , stoves and ovens .
After producing its first ranges running on solid fuel , Rorgue was one of the first to produce ranges and stoves running on gas , then on electricity .
Rorgue stoves are used by a number of notable chefs , including Heston Blumenthal at London 's Mandarin Oriental hotel . Gordon Ramsay at Royal Hospital Road & Maze , Michel Roux Jr. at Le Gavroche , John Willams at The Ritz .
In the UK the ranges are managed and distributed by Exclusive Ranges Ltd who are the sole UK agents .
References
External links
Official website
Home appliance manufacturers of France
French brands
Ashmunella levettei is a species of air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
References
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1882
`` Like Water '' is a 2011 single by New Zealand singer-songwriter/rapper Ladi6 . The song originally appeared on her album The Liberation Of ... and was subsequently released as a single in March 2011 .
It peaked at number 9 on the NZ Top 40 Singles Chart and spent 22 weeks in the top 40 . It was ranked at number 23 on the 2011 year-end chart .
`` Like Water '' was nominated for Single of the Year and director Faye McNeil was nominated for its music video at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Music video for Like Water , directed by Faye McNeil
2011 singles
Nguyen Hue High School for the Gifted ( Trường Trung học phổ thông chuyên Nguyễn Huệ ) is a public high school of Hanoi city , was founded in March 1947 . This is one of 4 specialized schools under the Department of Education and Training of Hanoi , including 11 specialized classes ( Math , Computer Science , Physics , Chemistry , Biology , Literature , History , Geography , English , French , Russian ) .
History
In March 1947 , Nguyen Hue School was established in Sam village , Trinh Tiet commune , My Duc district , Ha Dong province ( later Ha Tay , now in Hanoi ) . The Inter-regional Education Department III appoints teacher Nguyen Dinh Quang to be the first principal . After that , from 1947–1954 , the teachers Hoàng Đình Ân , Nguyễn Khắc Cương and Lê Hoàng Oánh took over this position ; with the first generation of teachers of the school : Chu Xuan Nguyen , Nguyen Van Binh , Nguyen Van Minh , To Thao , ... First courses , the school recruited nearly 200 students , placed in 4 classes . . They were students , cadres from Hanoi evacuated to the resistance and students of Ha Dong province ( free zone and temporary occupied area ) . The first , second and third classes are studied in the elementary school in Seu village , the fourth class is in the communal house . On March 30 , 1948 , My Duc district committee decided to establish the first branch of the school . On November 17 , 1949 , the school conducted the first Principal Conference , led by Tuong Toan Chinh , who was the principal .
In 1984 the school had a specialization system and in 1988 the French system was established . In 1995 , Mr . Vu Tich retired , and Mr. Thai Van Binh became the principal . The school was awarded the Third Class Labor Medal by the State Council in 1987 , the Second Labor Medal in 1990 and the First Labor Medal in 1997 . In 1997 , in the spirit of the Central Resolution 2 implementing the educational goal `` Improving people 's knowledge - Training human resources - Fostering talents '' , the provincial People 's Committee and the Department of Education and Training of Ha Tay assigned to the home . School a new mission to train gifted students for the province . On July 8 , 1997 , the Provincial People 's Committee issued Decision No . 689 / QD-UB transforming Nguyen Hue High School into Nguyen Hue Specialized High School , the school has only 3 systems specializing in Math , French and Chemistry . learn . The school currently has 11 majors in Math , Physics , Chemistry , Biology , Informatics , Literature , History , Geography , English , French and Russian .
Facilities and equipment
Funding for building the school is about VND 250 billion . The total area of the school is 15 600m2 , in which working area , dormitory is 11 000 m2 , dormitory 4 600 m2 . The school has 52 classrooms , 20 subject classrooms , 11 laboratories , 02 library rooms ( an electronic library room with 72 computers with internet access and a reading room ; a gymnasium 01 gymnasium multi-function , 01 swimming pool , 01 football fields , basketball court , volleyball court with full training equipment ; 01 hall with a capacity of 450 seats ; 01 meeting room for 150 seats ; working area for brand houses with 36 functional rooms with full equipment ; boarding area with 130 self-contained rooms can cater for all boarding students and fast food for students throughout the school .
Achievements
Awards
The Labor Hero Unit ( Hero of Labor - Đơn vị anh hùng lao động ) : 2000
Third-class Independence Medal ( Order of Independence - Huân chương độc lập ) : 2003
Second-class Independence Medal ( Order of Independence - Huân chương độc lập ) : 2008
IJSO ( International Junior Science Olympiad )
Student Nguyen Dinh Hieu ( 10th grade Specialist Nguyen Hue High School ) won a Silver Medal at the International Junior Science Olympiad 2019 .
Incident ( s )
On August 16 , 2015 , a drowning accident occurred at the school 's swimming pool , causing a female soldier to die .
Notable alumni
Nguyễn Ngọc Thuỷ , President of Egroup , General Director of Apax English Joint Stock Company .
References
Education in Vietnam
High schools in Hanoi
High schools for the gifted in Vietnam
Aurora Cerilles ( Enerio ; born September 17 , 1949 ) is a Filipino politician . She was a former representative of the second ( 2nd ) legislative district of the Province of Zamboanga del Sur to the House of Representatives of the Philippines . She is the spouse of Antonio Cerilles , governor of Zamboanga del Sur from 2010 to 2019 . She switched positions with her husband and ran for Governor during the 2019 elections , but lost by almost 100,000 votes to former Representative Victor Yu of PDP Laban .
Education
She graduated from University of the East with a BS in Business Administration degree .
See also
List of Governors in the Philippines
List of representatives elected in the Philippine House of Representatives elections , 2010
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
Living people
1949 births
Governors of Zamboanga del Sur
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Zamboanga del Sur
University of the East alumni
Women members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines
Lakas–CMD politicians
Women provincial governors of the Philippines
Zara Glover ( born 24 January 1982 in Preston , Lancashire ) , is a ten-pin bowler . She is a world champion bowler and a bowling tutor for Brunswick Bowling Academies across Europe .
Achievements
2007 World Ranking Masters runner-up - Florida , U.S .
2006 San Marino Open Champion - second title defended successfully in 2006
2006 Indonesian Open Champion - title defended successfully
2005 European Ladies Masters Champion - Barcelona
2005 San Marino Open Champion
2005 Indonesian Open Champion - Jakarta
2005 World Games Singles silver medallist - Müllheim , Germany
2004 World Tenpin Team Cup gold medallist - Hoofddorp , Netherlands
2004 European Tenpin Team Cup gold medallist - Norwich , England
2004 Oltremare Naples Champion - Italy
2003 World Tenpin Team Cup gold medallist - Odense , Denmark
2003 Singles , Doubles and All-events World Champion - Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia
2002 World Youth Championships Team gold medallist - Pattaya , Thailand
2002 European Tenpin Team Cup Bronze medallist - Müllheim , Germany
2001 Trios European Champion and Masters silver medallist - Aalborg , Denmark
2000 World Youth Championships Doubles gold medallist - Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic
References
External links
Glover 's website
Super Series profile
British ten-pin bowling players
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Preston , Lancashire
Competitors at the 2009 World Games
World Games medalists in bowling
World Games silver medalists
Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost ( EJGr Ost ) ( Supplementary Fighter Group , East ) was a fighter pilot training unit of the German Luftwaffe in World War II . It was formed on 27 January 1942 in Krakau and renamed Jagdgruppe Ost ( JGr Ost ) on 25 November 1942 . Its main purpose was to provide specialized training for new fighter pilots destined for the Eastern Front . Training was provided by experienced Eastern Front veterans , who were rotated in and out of this unit .
History
On 3 January 1942 , the Luftwaffe ordered the disbandment of the various Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppen , supplementary fighter groups attached to the various fighter wings . The order was carried out by 10 January and the subsequently released commanding officers and infrastructure was used to form new regular fighter groups as well as new training units . In consequence the following regular fighter groups were created :
a new III . and IV . Gruppe ( 3rd and 4th group ) of Jagdgeschwader 1
a new I. Gruppe ( 1st group ) of Jagdgeschwader 3
a III . Gruppe ( 3rd group ) of Jagdgeschwader 5
Additionally , three new training units were also formed , these were the Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppen West , Ost and Süd . Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost was created from the Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe of Jagdgeschwader 51 ( JG 51—51st Fighter Wing ) . In January 1942 , Erg./JG 51 was based in La Rochelle , France . In February , Erg./JG 51 was moved to Krakau where it formed the nucleus of Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost .
Commanding officers
Gruppenkommandeure
Hauptmann Günther Beise , February 1942 – 12 May 1942
Hauptmann Hubertus von Bonin , May 1942 – 22 May 1942
Major Werner Andres , 23 May 1942 – 31 January 1943
Oberstleutnant Hermann Graf , 1 February 1943 – April 1943
Major Werner Andres , April 1943 – 30 June 1943
Major Viktor Bauer , 1 July 1943 – 4 November 1944
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Luftwaffe Wings
The 1976 Orange Bowl was the 42nd edition of the college football bowl game , played at the Orange Bowl in Miami , Florida , on Thursday , January 1 . Part of the 1975–76 bowl game season , it matched the fifth-ranked Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference and the # 3 Oklahoma Sooners of the Big Eight Conference . In the first meeting between these two teams , favored Oklahoma won 14–6 .
This was the sixth and final Orange Bowl played on artificial turf ; Poly-Turf , similar to AstroTurf , was installed before the 1970 season and two versions lasted six seasons . It was removed in early 1976 , following Super Bowl X , and replaced with natural grass .
Teams
Michigan
The Wolverines ( 8–1–2 ) were the runner-up in the Big Ten Conference , after falling to rival Ohio State in Ann Arbor , 21–14 . This was the first season that the Big Ten ( and Pac-8 ) allowed multiple bowl teams .
Oklahoma
The Sooners were co-champions in the Big Eight Conference with Nebraska . Oklahoma opened with eight wins before an unexpected 23–3 loss at home to Kansas , which snapped a 28-game winning streak ( 37-game unbeaten streak ) and dropped them from second to sixth in the rankings . With wins over Missouri and Nebraska , they rose to third .
Game summary
Statistics
Aftermath
With top-ranked Ohio State 's loss in the Rose Bowl , the Sooners were voted national champions . ( Since the previous poll in early December , # 2 Texas A & M lost twice and fell out of the top ten . )
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library , University of Michigan Athletics History
Orange Bowl
Orange Bowl
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
Oklahoma Sooners football bowl games
January 1976 sports events in the United States
Orange Bowl
1970s in Miami
Daniel M. Colla ( born February 23 , 1964 ) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina , who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics . After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles he was a member of the men 's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul , South Korea .
External links
1964 births
Living people
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Argentine men 's volleyball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Ansar Al Mawadda Sporting Club ( ) is a football club based in Tabbaneh , a district in Tripoli , Lebanon , that competes in the .
Established in 1968 as Racing Hazmieh ( ) , the club 's licence was bought by Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Beirut ( ) in 2005 , before changing their name to Ansar Al Mawadda in 2019 . Their first and only participation in the Lebanese Premier League was in the 2017–18 season , having won the 2016–17 Lebanese Second Division .
History
Founded in 1968 as Racing Hazmieh ( ) , in 2005 Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Beirut ( ) bought the licence of the former club . In 2010 they won the Lebanese Fourth Division title , moving to the Third Division . In 2016 they moved to the Second Division and the following year they promoted to the Lebanese Premier League for the first time in their history . Their stay did n't last long , as in 2018 they were relegated back to the Second Division , before being relegated the following year to the Third Division .
In 2019 , the club was purchased by Al Ansar FC president Nabil Badr , who transferred the team from Beirut to Tripoli and renamed it Ansar Al Mawadda Sporting Club ( ) .
Honours
Lebanese Second Division
Winners ( 1 ) : 2016–17
See also
List of football clubs in Lebanon
List of association football clubs with multiple consecutive promotions or relegations
References
Ansar Al Mawadda SC
Football clubs in Lebanon
Association football clubs established in 1968
Joseph Tait ( October 21 , 1839 – March 18 , 1911 ) was an Ontario businessman and political figure . He represented Toronto in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1890 to 1894 .
He was born in Kirkcudbrightshire , Scotland in 1839 , the son of John Tait , and trained as a baker . In 1863 , he married Elizabeth McKie . Tait travelled to Pennsylvania in 1871 and then settled at Toronto in 1872 , where he established a bakery . He served on the city council , was a member of the Toronto Board of Trade and a director for the Globe Printing Company . Tait was also a Methodist preacher . He married Susan Stibbard in 1876 after the death of his first wife . He was defeated by George Frederick Marter in his bid to be reelected in 1894 . In 1897 , Tait was named registrar for the Surrogate Court in York County , at which time he retired from business .
Tait died in 1911 after falling down an elevator shaft and fracturing his hip .
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion , 1891 JA Gemmill
Member 's parliamentary history for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
The Canadian men and women of the time ... , HJ Morgan ( 1898 )
Commemorative biographical record of the county of York , Ontario ( 1907 )
1839 births
1911 deaths
Canadian Methodists
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Methodist ministers
Lieutenant-General Sir Henry George Grey GCH , GCB ( 25 October 1766 – 11 January 1845 ) was a British Army officer who served as acting Governor of Cape Colony .
Military career
Born the son of Charles Grey , 1st Earl Grey , Grey served in the 18th Light Dragoons . He was promoted to major in that regiment on 1 September 1795 , having transferred to the 17th Light Dragoons , he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel on 21 April 1794 . He served as acting Governor of Cape Colony in 1807 and again in 1811 . He was also colonel in the 13th Light Dragoons .
References
British Army lieutenant generals
1766 births
1845 deaths
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
13th Hussars officers
18th Royal Hussars officers
17th Lancers officers
Younger sons of earls
In the mathematical and algorithmic study of graph theory , the converse , transpose or reverse of a directed graph is another directed graph on the same set of vertices with all of the edges reversed compared to the orientation of the corresponding edges in . That is , if contains an edge then the converse/transpose/reverse of contains an edge and vice versa .
Notation
The name arises because the reversal of arrows corresponds to taking the converse of an implication in logic . The name is because the adjacency matrix of the transpose directed graph is the transpose of the adjacency matrix of the original directed graph .
There is no general agreement on preferred terminology .
The converse is denoted symbolically as , , , or other notations , depending on which terminology is used and which book or article is the source for the notation .
Applications
Although there is little difference mathematically between a graph and its transpose , the difference may be larger in computer science , depending on how a given graph is represented . For instance , for the web graph , it is easy to determine the outgoing links of a vertex , but hard to determine the incoming links , while in the reversal of this graph the opposite is true . In graph algorithms , therefore , it may sometimes be useful to construct an explicit representation of the reversal of a graph , in order to put the graph into a form which is more suitable for the operations being performed on it . An example of this is Kosaraju 's algorithm for strongly connected components , which applies depth first search twice , once to the given graph and a second time to its reversal .
Related concepts
A skew-symmetric graph is a graph that is isomorphic to its own transpose graph , via a special kind of isomorphism that pairs up all of the vertices .
The converse relation of a binary relation is the relation that reverses the ordering of each pair of related objects . If the relation is interpreted as a directed graph , this is the same thing as the transpose of the graph . In particular , the dual order of a partial order can be interpreted in this way as the transposition of a transitively-closed directed acyclic graph .
See also
References
Graph operations
Directed graphs
Herbert Kuhlmann ( 17 April 1915 – 9 November 1985 ) was a German SS commander during the Nazi era . During World War II , he served in various Waffen-SS units and was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross . After the war , he escaped to Argentina where he assisted Nazi criminals to hide from the authorities .
SS career
Kuhlmann was born in Harburg , Germany , on 7 April 1915 . Kuhlmann graduated SS Junkerschule at Braunschweig in 1936 with the SS Number 118 826 and served with various SS units . In 1942 , he was posted to SS Division Das Reich and later to the SS Division Leibstandarte and the SS Division Hitlerjugend .
During the Ardennes offensive he was in command of his own Kampfgruppe , which consisted of the 12th SS Panzer Regiment , 560 SS Panzerjager Battalion , Panzer Grenadier Battalion , Self-propelled Artillery Battalion and an engineer company .
Later life
After the fall of the Reich , Kuhlmann escaped to Argentina . Like many within Buenos Aires ' underground Nazi community , he built a fortune in business , joining the upper echelons of Buenos Aires society . The wealth and successful business-ventures of Nazis who escaped to Buenos Aires after the war was thanks in most part to the support and protection made available by the highest-ranking officials within the Argentine government . Perhaps the greatest support to Kuhlmann and his fellow Nazis came directly from the Argentine President and Nazi-sympathizer , Juan Perón , husband of the much loved , late Eva Perón .
Kuhlmann helped many other Nazis into hiding in establishing their new lives in Argentina . One of the most infamous among those he helped was Adolf Eichmann , the Third Reich functionary responsible for deportation of the Jews to death camps and concentration camps in the Final Solution . Kuhlmann provided Eichmann with a lease to a modest home in Buenos Aires ' largely German suburb of Olivos , after Eichmann had spent years living in extreme isolation in the Argentine province of Tucumán , 700 miles north of the capital . Kuhlmann , on the other hand , managed a much more plush residence for himself , behind the walls of a palatial mansion in Palermo Chico , the embassy row of Buenos Aires .
References
1915 births
1985 deaths
SS-Obersturmbannführer
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
Waffen-SS personnel
Military personnel from Hamburg
German emigrants to Argentina
Cerro Gordo County ( ; ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 43,127 . Its county seat is Mason City . The county is named for the Battle of Cerro Gordo , which took place during the Mexican–American War .
Cerro Gordo County is part of the Mason City , IA Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Cerro Gordo County was formed in 1851 and takes its name from the Battle of Cerro Gordo in the Mexican–American War , where General Winfield Scott defeated the Mexican General Santa Anna on April 18 , 1847 .
In 1851 the first white settlers came into the area of the present county and settled on Clear Lake . Four years later , on August 7 , 1855 , the first elections were held and the first legal proceedings occurred in 1857 . In the summer of the same year , Livonia was chosen as the new county seat . In 1858 , the seat was returned to Mason City . In 1866 , the first courthouse was erected , which was used until 1900 . The courthouse still used today opened on November 17 , 1960 .
Cerro Gordo County was the site of the airplane crash north of the city of Clear Lake , in which rock and roll stars Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens , and J.P. `` The Big Bopper '' Richardson , along with their pilot Roger A. Peterson , were killed on February 3 , 1959 . The site is in Grant Township , in the northwestern part of the county .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.2 % ) is water .
Law enforcement
The Cerro Gordo County Sheriff 's Office is headed by Sheriff Kevin Pals . The Sheriff 's Office provides law enforcement , performs investigations , executes legal processes such as writs , and is responsible for operating the county jail and for inmates in custody .
The Sheriff 's Office is at 17262 Lark Ave , Mason City , IA 50401 .
Major highways
Interstate 35
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 65
Iowa Highway 27
Iowa Highway 122
Airport
The county also has a municipal airport , Mason City Municipal Airport , ( MCW ) with commercial service by Air Choice One .
Adjacent counties
Worth County ( north )
Mitchell County ( northeast )
Floyd County ( east )
Franklin County ( south )
Hancock County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 43,127 in the county , with a population density of . There were 22,603 housing units of which 19,224 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 44,151 in the county , with a population density of . There were 22,163 housing units , of which 19,350 were occupied .
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 46,447 people , 19,374 households , and 12,399 families in the county . The population density was . There were 21,488 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile ( 15/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.26 % White , 0.80 % Black or African American , 0.17 % Native American , 0.70 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.88 % from other races , and 1.16 % from two or more races . 2.78 % . were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 19,374 households 29.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.90 % were married couples living together , 9.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.00 % were non-families . 30.90 % of households were one person and 13.50 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91 .
The age distribution was 23.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.00 % from 18 to 24 , 26.40 % from 25 to 44 , 23.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 17.70 % 65 or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females , there were 92.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.10 males .
The median household income was $ 35,867 and the median family income was $ 46,099 . Males had a median income of $ 31,790 versus $ 21,781 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,184 . About 5.90 % of families and 8.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.10 % of those under age 18 and 8.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Clear Lake
Dougherty
Mason City
Meservey
Plymouth
Rock Falls
Rockwell
Swaledale
Thornton
Ventura
Townships
Cerro Gordo County is divided into sixteen townships :
Bath
Clear Lake
Dougherty
Falls
Geneseo
Grant
Grimes
Lake
Lime Creek
Lincoln
Mason
Mount Vernon
Owen
Pleasant Valley
Portland
Union
Census-designated places
Burchinal
Portland
Other unincorporated communities
Cameron
Cartersville
Emery
Freeman
Hurley
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Cerro Gordo County .
† county seat
Economy
In September 2016 Cerro Gordo County supervisors voted to appeal the Iowa Department of Natural Resources 's decision to approve construction of a hog confinement facility near Ventura , Iowa .
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cerro Gordo County , Iowa
References
External links
County Government website
Cerro Gordo County Iowa Records
1851 establishments in Iowa
Mason City , Iowa micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1851
Ghulam Hassan Pinglana ( ) ( d. 9 April 1996 ) was an Indian politician who was assassinated by unknown gunman in his home village of Pinglana , Pulwama district , Jammu and Kashmir .
Born in Pinglana ( 1939 ) , he started his career as a leader of Shahoora agitation against government 's apathy towards the Shahoora region . He was later on elected to Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Council under an agreement reached between Shahoora agitation committee and then prime minister Bakshi Ghulam Mohammad . In 1980 he was elected District President of the Jammu and Kashmir Pradesh Congress Committee ( JKPCC ) . He was later promoted and remained vice President of the JKPCC .In 1989 he resigned from congress and was believed to have come closer to pro freedom Jamat Islami . From 1990 to 1995 he was arrested twice by Indian security forces for his alleged links with Jamat Islami . He served as a Member of the Legislative Council ( MLC ) and as a parliamentarian in the Indian National Congress .
He was assassinated at his home in a wave of pre-election violence by an unknown gunman . Amnesty International reported that he was killed `` allegedly by the Hizbul Mujahideen . `` However most of the militant organisations including Hizbul Mujahideen have accused pro-Indian renegate militants for his murder ''
Mr. Mir was a popular politician and people considered him very helpful . He is being remembered for his efforts to get potable drinking water , roads , electricity , schools and jobs to his constituency in pulwama . He has served on board of directors of Jammu and kashmir Khadi and village Industries & Jammu and Kashmir Land Development Bank . He also was chairman of Khadi sang and a member of Indian good will mission to Saudi Arabia in 1989 . His murder has not been investigated by the state police department and no final report has been submitted .
References
Year of birth missing
1996 deaths
1996 murders in India
Indian murder victims
Deaths by firearm in India
People murdered in Jammu and Kashmir
People from Pulwama district
Members of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Council
Indian National Congress politicians
The United States Presidential Scholars Program is a program of the United States Department of Education . It is described as `` one of the Nation 's highest honors for students '' in the United States of America and the globe .
The program was established in 1964 by Executive Order of the President of the United States to recognize the most distinguished graduating seniors for their accomplishments in many areas : academic success , leadership , and service to school and community . In 1979 , it was expanded to recognize students who demonstrate exceptional scholarship and talent in the visual , creative , and performing arts . In 2015 , the program was expanded once again to recognize students who demonstrate ability and accomplishment in career and technical fields . In the recent past , the organization has welcomed nominations from individual recommenders of the students ' own choosing regardless of whether these students ' academic results or achievements otherwise qualified them for recognition ; however , per the organization 's website , at present , `` application for the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program is by invitation only . Students may not apply individually to the program or be nominated ( outside of the above process ) . '' Annually , the presidentially-appointed White House Commission on Presidential Scholars chooses up to 161 U.S. Presidential Scholars from among that year 's senior class . All Scholars are invited to Washington , DC in June for the National Recognition Program , featuring various events and enrichment activities and culminating in the presentation of the Presidential Scholars Medallion during a White House-sponsored ceremony .
To commemorate their achievements , the scholars are individually awarded the Presidential Medallion in a ceremony sponsored by the White House .
Eligibility and selection process
All candidates are invited to apply to the program in January of their graduation year . Applications are due in February . Semifinalists are announced in mid-April and all Scholars are announced during May . The National Recognition Program in Washington , DC usually occurs in June .
An overview of selection progression follows :
General
All graduating from high school seniors who are U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents around the globe , enrolled in either private or public high schools , and who have scored exceptionally well on either the SAT of the College Board or the ACT Assessment of the American College Testing Program on or before October of each year are automatically considered for participation .
The United States Department of Education then examines the test records for the top 30 males and top 30 females in each state/jurisdiction . The combined file of scores from the top male examinees and top female examinees are then ranked from high to low in each state . The scores associated with the top 20 male examinees and top 20 female examinees are used to identify the candidates in each state . When ties occur in the threshold score , more than 20 persons of that gender are invited in that state . In addition , each Chief State School Officer ( CSSO ) may nominate up to ten male and ten female candidates , residing in the CSSO 's jurisdiction , based on their outstanding scholarship . Additionally , the program is partnering with several recognition organizations that will each nominate up to 10 candidates from their individual programs . Each year approximately 4,000 students are invited to apply to the program .
Candidates then go through a rigorous application process where they must submit candidacy materials , including essays , self-assessments , secondary school reports , and transcripts . Candidates are evaluated on their academic achievement , personal characteristics , leadership , service , and other extracurricular activities , and an analysis of their essays .
In mid-April approximately 800 Semifinalists are chosen by a review committee of qualified individuals experienced in secondary and post-secondary education . Six to twenty Semifinalists are identified for each state/jurisdiction . The number of Semifinalists identified per state/jurisdiction is proportionate to the number of candidates for that state .
In May , the White House Commission on Presidential Scholars ( a group of eminent private citizens appointed by the President across the country , representing the fields of education , medicine , law , social services , business , and other professions ) makes the final selection of up to 161 Presidential Scholars . One male student and one female Scholar are chosen from each state , the District of Columbia , the territory of Puerto Rico , and from U.S. citizens and legal residents living abroad , whose parents are also U.S. citizens . In addition , up to fifteen Scholars are chosen at-large .
Arts
Overview
The National YoungArts Foundation reviews approximately 12,000 candidates annually of 15- to 18-year-old artists in the fields of visual , literary , performing and design arts . From these they select ( through a blind adjudication process ) the top 600-700 artists in the nation as National Winners . 171 of these Winners travel to Miami , Florida for National YoungArts Week , where they are further adjudicated by panelists and can win up to $ 10,000 to help them pursue a career in the arts . These 171 Winners are then narrowed down to 60 nominees that are recommended to the White House Commission on Presidential Scholars . These 60 candidates are invited to apply , and the Commission , in turn , selects the 20 U.S. Presidential Scholars in the Arts .
Selection
Students must register and participate in YoungArts , a national program of the National Young Arts Foundation designed to identify , recognize and encourage talented high school seniors who demonstrate excellence in cinematic arts , dance , design , jazz , music , photography , theater , vocal performance , visual arts or writing .
Based on the discipline entered , registrants must submit audiotapes , videotapes , slides or manuscripts demonstrating artistic accomplishment . One panel for each arts discipline evaluates applicants in a two-step blind adjudication process . The judges review material submitted by the applicants and select up to 20 award candidates in each of the ten disciplines for live adjudications in Miami ( YoungArts also has National Merit and Honorable Mention Winners that can attend one of three Regional Programs in Los Angeles , New York City and Miami , Florida , as well ) . All applicants are judged against a standard of excellence within each artistic discipline , not against each other .
The final judging from the National YoungArts Week results in the recognition of excellence in five different award categories . Upon completion of the YoungArts program , YoungArts will nominate up to sixty students who meet the eligibility requirements for the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program . These students will be mailed candidacy materials and invited to apply to the program .
To be considered further , candidates must submit candidacy materials , including essays , self-assessments , secondary school reports , and transcripts . Candidates are evaluated on their academic achievement , personal characteristics , leadership , service , and extracurricular activities , and an analysis of their essays .
Arts candidates enter the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program selection process at the semifinalist level . In April the White House Commission on Presidential Scholars makes the final selection of up to twenty U.S. Presidential Scholars in the Arts .
Career and technical education
In 2015 , the program was again extended to recognize students who demonstrate ability and accomplishment in career and technical education fields . Students are nominated through their Chief State School Officer ( CSSO ) . Each CSSO can nominate up to five candidates who meet the U.S. Presidential Scholars candidacy requirements for the 2016 program . Candidacy materials are mailed to the selected students , and they are invited to apply to the program . To be considered further , candidates must submit candidacy materials , including essays , self-assessments , secondary school reports , and transcripts . Candidates are evaluated on their academic achievement , personal characteristics , leadership , service , and extracurricular activities , and an analysis of their essays . Career and Technical Education candidates enter the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program selection process at the semifinalist level . In April the White House Commission on Presidential Scholars makes the final selection of up to twenty U.S. Presidential Scholars in Career and Technical Education .
Prominent scholars
Academic
Richard Alley ( 1976 , Ohio ) - geosciences professor at Pennsylvania State University
Patrick Chovanec ( 1988 , Illinois ) - business professor at Tsinghua University , former aide to Speaker of the House John Boehner
Kristin Forbes ( 1988 , New Hampshire ) - business professor at MIT , former member of Council of Economic Advisors
Elizabeth Kiss ( 1979 , Virginia ) - eighth president of Agnes Scott College , first female Warden of Rhodes House , Oxford University and CEO of the Rhodes Trust
Kermit Roosevelt III ( 1989 , District of Columbia ) - author , law professor at University of Pennsylvania
Arts
Suzette Charles ( 1981 , New Jersey ) – Miss America 1984 , singer and entertainer
Claire Chase ( 1996 , California ) - flutist , composer , professor of music Harvard University , and winner of a MacArthur Fellowship
Rita Dove ( 1970 , Ohio ) – Poet Laureate of the United States , winner of Pulitzer Prize for Poetry
Desmond Richardson ( 1986 ) – dancer , co-founder of Complexions Contemporary Ballet
Josh Singer ( 1990 , Pennsylvania ) – screenwriter
Conrad Tao ( 2011 , New York ) – pianist , composer and violinist
Dominique Thorne ( 2015 , New York ) – actress
Civil rights
Martha J. Bergmark ( 1966 , Mississippi ) - attorney , civil rights advocate , writer , Executive Director of Voices for Civil Justice , recognized as Champion of Change by Obama White House in 2011 , U.S. Presidential Scholars Foundation Roosevelt “ Rosey ” Thompson award , 2018 .
Energy
Amory Lovins ( 1964 , Massachusetts ) - environmentalist , Chairman and Chief Scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute
Government and politics
Donald S. Beyer Jr. ( 1968 , District of Columbia ) – U.S. House of Representatives ( D , VA-8 ) , former ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein , former Lieutenant Governor of Virginia
Mitch Daniels ( 1967 , Indiana ) – President of Purdue University , former Governor of Indiana , former Director of U.S. Office of Management and Budget
Merrick Garland ( 1970 , Illinois ) – United States Attorney General , Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , Associate Justice nominee
George P. Kent ( 1985 , South Carolina ) – Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs
Bruce Reed ( 1978 , Idaho ) – CEO of the Democratic Leadership Council , former aide to President Bill Clinton
Michelle Wu ( 2003 , Illinois ) – Mayor of Boston
Technology
Clara Shih ( 2002 , Illinois ) – CEO of Hearsay Social
References
External links
U.S. Department of Education Presidential Scholars Program
Presidential Scholars Alumni Association
Lists of past Presidential Scholars
Student awards
United States Department of Education
Scholars Program
Willie Creek is an American former Negro league catcher who played in the 1920s and 1930s .
Creek made his Negro leagues debut in 1924 with the Washington Potomacs . He went on to play
for the Brooklyn Royal Giants from 1929 to 1931 , spent 1932 with the Bacharach Giants , and finished his career in 1933 back with Brooklyn .
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
Year of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Bacharach Giants players
Brooklyn Royal Giants players
Washington Potomacs players
Baseball catchers
Giannis Angelopoulos ( ; born 3 April 1998 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Levadiakos. < ref > < /ref
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2 : 2021–22
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Cypriot First Division players
Super League Greece 2 players
Olympiacos F.C . players
Pafos FC players
Levadiakos F.C . players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Association football goalkeepers
People from Messenia
Martijn Kuiper ( born November 26 , 1970 ) is a Dutch actor . He has played roles in the Spanish television . In 2016 he won the award for best actor in the International Festival of Short Films of Terror and Fantastic `` Terroríficamente Cortos '' . He won the `` Ojitos '' prize for best actor of the 2020 Morelia International Film Festival for his role in Ricochet , a film by Rodrigo Fiallega .
Filmography
Film
Television roles
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Male actors from Amsterdam
Dutch expatriates in Spain
Dutch expatriates in Mexico
Dutch male film actors
Dutch male television actors
Glyphoderma is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Middle Triassic of China . It differs from its relative Psephochelys in having three , rather than one , fused osteoderms on the posterior skull surface , and has an earlier temporal range , from the Ladinian epoch rather than the Late Triassic . Otherwise , it is similar in most respects to the other plachochelyids found in China . The name comes from the Greek 'γλυφος ' , 'sculpture ' and 'δερμα ' , 'skin ' referring to its unique carapace structure . The specific name honours a Mr. Kang Ximin .
The holotype , an almost complete skeleton , was found in 2008 in Fuyuan , Yunnan Province of central China in the Falang Formation . It is preserved in a thick block of limestone , and so the ventral side is not well known . The total length is 873 mm .
Features
Skull
Glyphoderma '' 's skull is the shape of an isosceles triangle , with a long narrow rostrum . The skull is 110.6 mm long and 83.7 mm wide . There are three large osteoderms fused to the temporal arch on each side of the skull , which protrude backwards . The suture between the maxilla and the jugal are underneath the posterior part of the orbit . The premaxilla has a smaller posterior process than in Placochelys , only reaching the naris while that of Placochelys reaches the orbit . Most of the other cranial bones are entirely fused , giving Glyphoderma a very strong skull . The temporal fenestrae are about twice as large as the orbits , at 37.3 mm long rather than 25.9 mm . There are two blunt teeth in the posterior part of the lower jaw , but most of the dentary lacks teeth entirely as in the other placochelyids .
Carapace
The carapace , made up of more than 400 osteoderms , is roughly circular but with small excavations at front and back to allow the neck and tail to move around a little more . Its dorsal surface is slightly convex and has a shallow longitudinal groove along the midline . The excavation at the back is biconcave rather than simply concave , and just exposes the pelvis . The anterior excavation is more open than that of Psephochelys . The osteoderms that make up the carapace are pentagonal or hexagonal , and are tightly sutured but not fused as they are in Psephochelys . Around the edge of the carapace , they are more isolated and have drifted away from their original positions . The carapace is very slightly wider , at 262 mm , than it is long ( 242.8 mm ) . There are two slightly enlarged osteoderms , one on either side of the anterior excavation , but these are not tuberculiform and are much smaller than those in Psephochelys . All the osteoderms are highly convex and have radial grooves and ridges which are very deep or very high , hence the genus name . They also have many tiny pits .
Vertebrae and tail Glyphoderma '' has five or six cervical vertebrae , all of which are very flattened and wide , with low neural spines . Only one dorsal vertebra can be seen beneath the carapace . There are four sacral vertebrae , with distally expanded pleurapophyses enclosing a foramen between each pair . 34 caudal vertebrae are preserved , although some may be missing , and the first three of them have transverse processes .
Front legs
Only the distal end of each scapula is exposed by the carapace , but the humeri are well preserved and exposed , at 65.7 mm long . The distal end of each humerus is expanded , with a flat triangular depression on the dorsal side , and an open ectepicondylar groove along the anterior margin . The ulna and radius are of very similar lengths ( 39.5 and 40.8 mm respectively ) but the radius is much thicker . Both ends of the radius have a depression on the dorsal surface . There are five ossifications in the carpus , but the manus is very poorly preserved and we know almost nothing about it .
Hind legs
The femur is expanded at both ends , but has a short shaft ( only 59 mm ) . The space between the tibia and fibula is very large as the tibia has a straight medial edge and a concave lateral one . They are roughly the same length ( 47.5 mm fibula , 49.4 mm tibia ) . The calcaneum and astragalus form a depression for the distal end of the tibia to fit into . There are four other tarsals and four metatarsals , but it is very difficult to determine the phalangeal formula due to the poor preservation of the foot .
References
Middle Triassic reptiles of Asia
Placodonts
Sauropterygian genera
Esther Delisle ( born 1954 ) is a French Canadian historian and author of historical works from Quebec .
Biography
Born and raised in Quebec City , she completed her BA and MA in political science at Université Laval in Sainte-Foy , Quebec , and taught political theory at a Quebec CEGEP and worked as a researcher for the CBC news show the fifth estate . She then studied for three years at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem before returning to Laval to complete her doctorate , following which she did post-doctoral studies at the department of history at McGill University .
Delisle-Richler controversy
Her doctoral thesis , in which she adduced evidence of a history of antisemitism and support of fascism among Quebec nationalists of the 1930s , was controversial long before it was published . The book was strongly critical of the nationalist historian Lionel Groulx and the newspaper Le Devoir . The normal time for a thesis at Université Laval to be approved was three months ; her committee delayed a decision for almost two years , until articles about the delay and the controversy surrounding her work had appeared in the French and English press .
In 1993 , she published a book based on her doctoral political science thesis , short-titled The Traitor and the Jew . The book aroused considerable hostility ; when she appeared at one Quebec bookstore , the manager of the shopping mall cut the electricity to the bookstore in order to interfere with her book signing . ( Different versions of this incident appear in Sara Scott , `` The Lonely Passion of Esther Delisle '' , Elm Street , April 1998 , p. 97 , and Sheli Teitelbaum , `` Quebec and French Nazis '' , The Canadian Jewish News , December 15 , 1994 , reprinted from The Jerusalem Report . ) A 2002 documentary film by Eric R. Scott titled Je me souviens , recounts Delisle 's story using rare archival footage with speeches and commentaries by some of Quebec 's leading nationalist figures of the time .
The controversy over whether or not Quebec society is or was antisemitic simplifies her thesis and has obscured the more important themes of her work . For Delisle , Quebecers were not uniformly antisemitic ; antisemitism was a disease of Quebec intellectuals rather than of the common people , part and parcel of their condemnation of the vices of liberalism , modernity , urbanism , not to mention movies and jazz music and other aspects of American culture , all of which they saw as dangers to their conception of the ideal Quebec society . She attacks as myth the beliefs put forward by historians such as Lionel Groulx that the Québécois are a racially and ethnically homogeneous group of pure descent from French-speaking Catholic immigrants to New France . She argues that the Quebec intellectuals of the 1930s and 1940s were far less isolated and more deeply influenced by the intellectual currents in Europe , particularly the nationalism of the extreme right , than is described in most Quebec histories of the period .
In 1998 , Esther Delisle published , Myths , Memories and Lies , an account of how some members of Quebec 's elite , nationalist and federalist , supported Nazi collaborator Marshal Philippe Pétain and his Vichy government in Nazi-occupied France during World War II and helped bring French war criminals to safety in Quebec after the war ended ..
Criticism
Historian Gérard Bouchard , who also published a book critical of Lionel Groulx , has been very critical of The Traitor and the Jew . In a letter to Le Devoir , published on May 1 , 2003 , he contended that only 14 of 58 quotes of Lionel Groulx in Delisle 's thesis are accurate , and that the 44 other quotes contain 56 irregularities , including additions and amputations of the text , word replacements that change the meaning , and quotes that are not found in the text where Delisle claims they are . He asserts that the magnitude of inaccuracy discourages him from even considering Delisle 's work as a basis for his own criticism of Groulx ( Les Deux Chanoines - Contradiction et ambivalence dans la pensée de Lionel Groulx , 2003 ) . Delisle admitted to 13 irregularities in the references of her book and later corrected citations for some of the disputed quotations .
Bouchard and Delisle agree that Groulx expressed antisemitic opinions . For Bouchard , these opinions do not taint Groulx 's scholarship or secular Quebec nationalism because Groulx 's antisemitism is seen as a personal bias unrelated or peripheral to his academic work . Delisle , by contrast , argues that antisemitism is an integral component of Groulx 's race-based nationalism and his enthusiasm for right-wing authoritarian governments .
Bibliography
References
1954 births
Living people
Canadian political scientists
French Quebecers
Academics in Quebec
Writers from Quebec City
Université Laval alumni
Canadian non-fiction writers in French
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
McGill University alumni
Canadian women historians
Women political scientists
20th-century Canadian historians
20th-century Canadian women writers
Spasmolytic may refer to :
Antispasmodic , smooth muscle relaxant
A type of muscle relaxant
`` Spasmolytic '' ( song ) , by Canadian band Skinny Puppy
Nanos ( ; ) is a karst limestone plateau at the eastern border of the Inner Carniola in southwestern Slovenia .
Geography
The plateau is about wide and long in the northern extension of the Dinaric Alps . The highest point of the plateau is Dry Peak ( , ) . The plateau is traversed by the Slovene Mountain Trail , the oldest interconnecting trail in Slovenia . The most popular destination on Nanos and part of the trail is Pleša Peak ( ) with the Vojko Lodge ( , named for the Slovene Partisan Janko Premrl , a.k.a . Vojko ) below its summit . In 1987 , the southern and western slopes of Nanos were declared a regional park with an area of .
History
In Antiquity , Nanos was known as Ocra . Strabo reckoned it the last peak of the Alps . In the 1st century , the pass at Nanos was an important route for civilian and military traffic from Trieste ( Tergeste ) to Ljubljana ( Emona ) and beyond to Carnuntum at the Danube . It lost its importance when a faster road connected Emona to Aquileia further north in the 2nd century .
Nanos is mentioned as Nanas in Johann Weikhard von Valvasor 's 1689 work The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola .
Nanos has an important symbolic place in the history and identity of Littoral Slovenes . In September 1927 , the anti-Fascist insurgent organization TIGR was founded on the Nanos Plateau . On 18 April 1942 , the Battle of Nanos took place at Nanos . It was one of the first battles between the Partisan insurgence in the Slovene Littoral , led by Janko Premrl , and the Italian Army , and was the beginning of the struggle for the western border between the two nations .
Demographics and economy
There are around 35 residents domiciled on Nanos Plateau . They were finally connected to the electricity grid in 2006 . Their most highly valued product is the Nanos cheese , produced already in the 16th century and , since October 2011 , the protected designation of origin label . Today , it is made of cow milk , although before World War II , it was made of sheep milk . The number of sheep on the plateau dropped significantly since then . Residents also make a living from tourism .
The Nanos transmitter
The Nanos transmitter is an FM/DAB/TV-broadcasting facility consisting of a 50 m guyed tower , a guyed mast , which may be a bit less tall , and a small guyed mast . The transmitter building has many dishes for radio relay links . The Nanos transmitter went into service in 1962 and played an important role in introducing PAL-standard color TV in the former Yugoslavia . The facility was attacked during the Slovene independence war in 1991 . It is operated by the broadcaster RTV Slovenija .
References
External links
Nanos on Geopedia
Dinaric Alps
Plateaus of Inner Carniola
Karst plateaus of Slovenia
Landscape parks in Slovenia
Natura 2000 in Slovenia
Radio masts and towers in Europe
Transmitter sites in Slovenia
The Caledonia Bowstring Bridge is a historic bridge in the village of Caledonia , Ohio , United States . Built in the 1870s but no longer in use , it has been named a historic site .
In 1873 , local officials arranged with the Wrought Iron Bridge Company of Canton , Ohio for the construction of a bowstring arch bridge over the Scioto River . The completed bridge features lattice bracing over the deck , which enabled the design to have both vertical and horizontal support at a low cost . Its structure combines elements of iron and steel .
In 1976 , the Marion County Engineer decided to remove the bridge from its original location in order to build a new bridge at its original location . Instead of destroying it , the engineer 's office moved it to Caledonia , where village officials arranged for its placement across the Olentangy River in order to provide access to a community park . Four years later , the bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places , qualifying both because of its place in Ohio 's history and as an example of historically important methods of construction . Despite village officials ' plans , by 2011 the bridge was abandoned and overgrown .
References
Bridges completed in 1873
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Marion County , Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Marion County , Ohio
Former road bridges in the United States
Relocated buildings and structures in Ohio
Tied arch bridges in the United States
Wrought iron bridges in the United States
Steel bridges in the United States
Hobart Mills is a former settlement in Nevada County , California . It is situated at an elevation of above sea level .
The town is named after Walter Scott Hobart , Sr. who operated a sawmill in the area since 1897 . Hobart was a leading lumberman in the Lake Tahoe district from the 1860s until his death in 1892 .
There was a post office in the town during the period of 1900 through 1938 .
The politician Patrick J. Hillings was born in Hobart Mills .
References
Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Steven Nathan Zwicker ( born June 4 , 1943 ) is an American literary scholar and the Stanley Elkin Professor in the Humanities in Arts and Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis .
Biography
Zwicker is an expert on Restoration-era English literature and politics and is the author of Dryden 's Political Poetry : The Typology of King and Nation ( 1972 ) , Politics and Language in Dryden 's Poetry : The Arts of Disguise ( 1984 ) , and Lines of Authority : Politics and English Literary Culture , 1649-1689 ( 1993 ) . He has edited six volumes and published more than two dozen essays in journals and volumes in the United States and abroad .
Zwicker was born in San Diego , California . He received his BA from the University of California , Los Angeles ( 1965 ) and his MA ( 1966 ) and PhD ( 1969 ) from Brown University . He was a Woodrow Wilson Scholar at Brown University when he earned his PhD . He has been a member of the Washington University faculty since 1969 .
Bibliography
Works
Dryden 's Political Poetry : The Typology of King and Nation . Providence , RI : Brown University Press , 1972 .
Politics and Language in Dryden 's Poetry : The Arts of Disguise . Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 1984 .
Lines of Authority : Politics and English Literary Culture , 1649-1689 . Ithaca , NY : Cornell University Press , 1993 .
As editor or contributor
Politics of Discourse : The Literature and History of Seventeenth-Century England . Edited by Kevin Sharpe and Steven N. Zwicker . Berkeley , CA : University of California Press , 1987 .
The Cambridge Companion to English Literature , 1650-1740 . Edited by Steven N. Zwicker . Cambridge , UK ; New York : Cambridge University Press , 1998 .
Refiguring Revolutions : Aesthetics and Politics from the English Revolution to the Romantic Revolution . Edited by Kevin Sharpe and Steven N. Zwicker . Berkeley , CA : University of California Press , 1998 .
John Dryden : A Tercentenary Miscellany . Edited by Susan Green and Steven N. Zwicker . San Marino , CA : Huntington Library , 2001 .
Reading , Society , and Politics in Early Modern England . Edited by Kevin Sharpe and Steven N. Zwicker . Cambridge , UK ; New York : Cambridge University Press , 2003 .
The Cambridge Companion to John Dryden . Edited by Steven N. Zwicker . Cambridge , UK ; New York : Cambridge University Press , 2004 .
References
External links
Steven Zwicker 's faculty page at Washington University in St. Louis
American literary critics
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
Brown University alumni
People from St. Louis County , Missouri
Writers from Los Angeles
1943 births
Living people
Journalists from California
Sir Edward James Reid , 2nd Baronet , KBE ( 20 April 1901 – 23 February 1972 ) was British merchant banker .
Reid was born in London on 20 April 1901 , the son of Sir James Reid , 1st Baronet , physician at the royal court , by his wife Honourable Susan Baring , daughter of Edward Charles Baring , 1st Baron Revelstoke . Edward VII stood as sponsor at his baptism in May 1901 , and he was Page of Honour to George V between 1911 and 1917 . He was educated at Eton and King 's College , Cambridge , and succeeded his father as second baronet in 1923 .
Joining his mother 's family firm of Baring Brothers in 1922 , he rose to become a director in 1926 and partner in 1928 . During his career his German connections meant he played significant roles in a number of banking negotiations both pre- and post- World War II . He was Chairman of the Accepting Houses Committee ( 1946–1966 ) , Chairman of the British Banking Committee for German Affairs ( 1948–1962 ) , and President of the Institute of Bankers ( 1962–1964 ) . He retired from Barings in 1966 as senior partner .
He worked for the War Office during World War II , and wrote a report in 1945 for MI5 regarding the German production of fake British banknotes .
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire 1947 , promoted to Knight Commander in 1967 . He died on 23 February 1972 .
References
1901 births
1972 deaths
Businesspeople from London
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of King 's College , Cambridge
English bankers
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century English businesspeople
Stamp River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada . The 327-hectare park is located 14 km north of Port Alberni on Vancouver Island . There are 23 camping spaces and 2 km of trails within the park along the Stamp River , named for Edward Stamp , a sawmill pioneer in the Alberni Valley .
The park features rapids and a waterfall as well as a substantial fish ladder constructed by Fisheries and Oceans Canada which allows half a million coho , sockeye and chinook salmon to pass upriver during the annual run from August to December . Spawning for these species takes place in the upper reaches of the river and in Great Central Lake . During the salmon run season , there is a greater prevalence of black bears in the area , attracted by the abundance of fish in the river .
Notes
External links
Official Site
Alberni Valley
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1997
1997 establishments in British Columbia
Cape Kidson ( ) is an abrupt rock scarp which rises to , forming the north side of the entrance to New Bedford Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica . It was first sighted and photographed from the air by members of the United States Antarctic Service in 1940 . During 1947 the cape was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition , who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) charted it from the ground . It was named by the FIDS for Edward Kidson , a New Zealand meteorologist and author of the meteorological reports of the British Antarctic Expedition , 1907–09 , under Ernest Shackleton , and of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under Douglas Mawson , 1911–14 .
References
Headlands of Palmer Land
Benin–India relations refers to the bilateral ties between India and Benin .
Both nations are part of the Non-Aligned Movement . Benin supports India 's candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed Security Council . The Ministry of External Affairs of the Government of India has said that India 's ties with Benin were characterized by `` democracy '' and `` secularism '' .
The Indian Minister of State for External affairs visited Benin , where he said that , '' We in India greatly admire Republic of Benin as a shining example of a tolerant , progressive multi-ethnic and multi-religious society with a multi-party democracy . India , being the world 's largest democracy , rejoices at Benin 's various achievements and wishes to contribute to its further success . ''
Economic ties
Trade between India and Benin has been growing consistently and had reached nearly 310 million dollars by 2009 . India is one of Benin 's largest trading partners and is the third largest export market for Benin , with exports being primarily in agro-products such as cashew nuts and cotton .
India recently launched a Duty Free Tariff Preferences regime to promote trade with Benin .
Diplomatic representation
Benin does not have a resident embassy in New Delhi . India also does not have a resident mission in Benin . The Indian High Commissioner in Abuja is concurrently accredited to Benin .
References
India
Bilateral relations of India
Africa–India relations
John Howard `` Fat Jack '' Fisher ( born March 4 , 1939 ) is an American former professional baseball player . He played in Major League Baseball as a right-handed pitcher from through for the Baltimore Orioles , San Francisco Giants , New York Mets , Chicago White Sox and the Cincinnati Reds .
Baseball career
Fisher was born in Frostburg , Maryland . He attended Richmond Academy High School in Augusta , Georgia and later enrolled in the University of Georgia . He was used primarily as a starting pitcher during his 11-year MLB career . He is known for giving up a few historic home runs . One was Ted Williams 's 521st in his final major league at bat ( September 28 , 1960 ) . Another was Roger Maris 's 60th home run of the 1961 season ( September 26 , 1961 ) . Also , he gave up the first home run in Shea Stadium history , to Willie Stargell ( April 17 , 1964 ) .
Fisher made his major league debut in relief on April 14 , 1959 against the New York Yankees at Memorial Stadium . He pitched three innings in the 13–3 loss , giving up seven hits , two walks , four runs ( two earned ) , and striking out five . His first strikeout victim was All-Star catcher Elston Howard , the second batter he faced .
Fisher 's best season was 1960 , when he had his only winning record ( 12–11 ) and was tied for fourth in the American League with three shutouts . From August 24 to September 14 he pitched 29.2 consecutive scoreless innings and ended the year with a 3.41 earned run average , one of his lowest .
Fisher 's busiest seasons were with the early New York Mets . In four seasons ( 1964–1967 ) with the perennial losers he won 38 games , lost 73 , and had an ERA of 4.58 in 931.2 innings pitched . ( The Mets played .355 ball during this time . ) Fisher led the National League twice in losses ( 1965 and 1967 ) and three times in earned runs allowed ( 1964 , 1965 , and 1967 ) . In 1965 he lost 24 games , still tied with Roger Craig for the most since 1935 . In 1967 , however , Fisher pitched the lowest-hit complete game of his career , a two-hit shutout over the Philadelphia Phillies ( June 21 at Connie Mack Stadium ) .
The home starting pitcher in the first game ever at Shea Stadium , Fisher received the honor of throwing the stadium 's first official pitch in 1964 . Overwhelmed by the crowd noise and pre-game pomp , Fisher recounts that he asked Mets manager Casey Stengel if he could warm up in the bullpen rather than on the field 's pitcher 's mound , and credits himself with starting that day the big league custom of starting pitchers warming in the bullpen before the game .
Pitching for the White Sox in 1968 , Fisher had a record of 8–13 with a 2.99 ERA , the lowest of his career . In 1969 he was 4–4 with Cincinnati and was traded to the California Angels in the off-season . He was released by the Angels on April 7 , 1970 ( Opening Day ) , and his big league career was over at the age of 31 .
Tommy John described Fisher as `` a good , not great , journeyman pitcher ... He could give you 200 to 250 innings , and pitch around .500 ball . ''
Career statistics
In an eleven-season major league career , Fisher posted a 86–139 record with 1,017 strikeouts and a 4.06 ERA in 1,975.2 innings pitched , including 9 shutouts and 62 complete games . He had a batting average of .125 in 594 at bats with one home run , hit against Bobby Locke of the Cleveland Indians on August 7 , 1960 .
Later life
Following his retirement from baseball , Fisher settled in Easton , Pennsylvania , where he lives five blocks from former world heavyweight boxing champion Larry Holmes . He once owned Fat Jack 's , an Easton sports bar he sold in 1998 . Fisher was inducted into the Academy of Richmond County ( his high school ) Hall of Fame in October 2017 . ARC won seven consecutive state championships from 1951 to 1957 . Fisher played on four of those teams . Jack Fisher Way on the school 's campus is named for him .
Sources
1968 Baseball Register published by The Sporting News
References
External links
Jack Fisher at SABR ( Baseball BioProject )
Jack Fisher at Baseball Library
1939 births
Living people
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Maryland
Baltimore Orioles players
San Francisco Giants players
New York Mets players
Chicago White Sox players
Cincinnati Reds players
People from Frostburg , Maryland
Baseball players from Augusta , Georgia
Knoxville Smokies players
Wilson Tobs players
Miami Marlins ( IL ) players
Rochester Red Wings players
Tulsa Oilers ( baseball ) players
Popielarnia is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Popielarnia
Delia Beatriz Bisutti ( born March 31 , 1947 ) is an Argentine centre-left politician who was a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies representing Buenos Aires from 2005 to 2009 .
Bisutti was born in Buenos Aires and became a teacher after studying at the National University of Quilmes . From an early age she took an active role in trade unions , serving as a union delegate from 1970 to 1989 . In 1977 , during the Dirty War , she was detained by the military government and imprisoned in the concentration camp known as the 'Sheraton ' . Her husband was also taken and disappeared , presumed dead .
In 1989 Bisutti became secretary general of the teachers ' union , Unión de Trabajadores de la Educación ( UTE ) , part of CTERA and the CTA ( independent trade unions ) . She sat on CTERA 's national committee . From 1995 she was a member of the executive of the Buenos Aires left-wing party , the Frente Grande , and in 1997 she was elected to the city legislature for the party as part of FrePaSo , where she presided over several committees including economic development .
Bisutti had been a critic of FrePaSo 's alliance with the Radical Civic Union . In 2001 , she joined the new centre-left party , Support for an Egalitarian Republic ( ARI ) and sat on the party 's city executive . In 2003 she led the ARI block in the Buenos Aires legislature . Later that year she resigned her seat to take a junior role in the city government , within the education department , serving until January 2005 .
Bisutti was elected a deputy for ARI in the October 2005 elections . Following ARI 's integration into the Civic Coalition in 2007 , Bisutti and a number of her colleagues left the party in protest against ARI 's courting of more centrist figures . Initially forming a separate block in Congress known as the Autonomous ARI , in May 2008 they announced the formation of a new party , Solidarity and Equality , Si .
References
External links
ARI deputies ' profiles
Autonomous ARI profile
1947 births
Living people
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Italian descent
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires
Argentine trade union leaders
Civic Coalition ARI politicians
Front for a Country in Solidarity politicians
Women members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Broad Front ( Argentina ) politicians
Solidarity and Equality politicians
20th-century Argentine women politicians
20th-century Argentine politicians
21st-century Argentine women politicians
21st-century Argentine politicians
Ramthakur ( ) ( 2 February 1860 – 1 May 1949 ) , born Ram Chandra Chakraborty ( ) , was an Indian mystic , yogi and spiritual master during 19th-century India .
References
External links
1860 births
1949 deaths
19th-century Hindu religious leaders
20th-century Hindu religious leaders
Indian Hindu yogis
Tantra
Bengali Hindu saints
Mount Queen Elizabeth is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia , directly east of Mount King Albert . It was named in 1916 by interprovincial boundary surveyors after Queen Elisabeth of Belgium . Note that Elisabeth is the correct spelling of her name .
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
{ { DEFAULTSORT : Queen Elizabeth ] ] } }
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Jason Pargin ( born January 10 , 1975 ) , known by his former pen name David Wong , is an American humor writer . He is the former executive editor of humor website Cracked.com , a recurring guest in the Cracked Podcast , and has written five novels : John Dies at the End ( 2007 ) , This Book Is Full of Spiders ( 2012 ) , Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits ( 2015 ) , What the Hell Did I Just Read ( 2017 ) , and Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick ( 2020 ) . John Dies at the End was adapted into a film of the same name in 2012 .
Early life
Pargin was born in Lawrenceville , Illinois . He and fellow Internet writer John Cheese ( real name Mack Leighty ) attended high school together and met during an art class they shared . Pargin then attended the Southern Illinois University ( SIU ) radio-television program , graduating in 1997 . While at SIU , he was part of a TV show on Alt.news cable TV called Consumer Advocate . A number of episodes were produced . He lived in Marion , Illinois until 2014 , when he moved to Nashville .
PWOT and Cracked
In 1999 , Pargin started his own humor site , Pointless Waste of Time ( PWOT ) , which would eventually be absorbed into Cracked.com .
While working as a copy editor at a law firm , he would spend his days copy editing insurance claims and nights posting humor articles on PWOT . Every Halloween on the site he wrote a new chapter of an online story that he published as a webserial . An estimated 70,000 people read the free online versions before they were removed in September 2008 . Pargin used the feedback from people reading each episode of the webserial to tweak what would eventually become the book , John Dies at the End .
Demand Media hired Pargin to be the head editor for their revamped online magazine , Cracked.com , although Demand was not aware of Pargin 's book deal . As part of the deal , he merged PWOT into the Cracked forums . Pargin has described a disconnection between the old Cracked print magazine and the humor site Cracked.com due to multiple relaunches and almost entirely new staff . As a child , he read Cracked magazine 's biggest competitor , Mad magazine .
In a popular article published at Cracked.com , Pargin coined the neologism `` monkeysphere '' which introduces the concept of Dunbar 's number in a humorous manner . Pargin referred to Dunbar 's number again in his novel , This Book Is Full of Spiders .
When Pargin started PWOT , he took on the pseudonym of David Wong to keep his real and online lives separate . Since much of his writing involved situations similar to his real life , he did not want co-workers and his employers to think that his rants about fictional characters were inspired by real people . The origin of the name was a character from one of his first short stories . He writes :
After his book and movie deal , his real name became common knowledge , but Pargin accepted it , saying , `` It 's not like I 'm under the Witness Protection program or anything . I was just trying to keep things simple in my personal life . ''
In late 2020 , Pargin announced that he was retiring the `` David Wong '' pseudonym , with future editions of his works being published under his real name instead .
A notable mention in his life is writing The Ten Minute Suicide Guide where he talks about a piece of human feces that wanted to kill itself ( name of feces , Skyler Tyler R.I.P ) the article was published on cracked in 2007
Published works
His first novel John Dies at the End was at first rejected by publishers , and Pargin considered taking it down until indie horror publisher Permuted Press agreed to publish the novel in 2007 . A second edition by Thomas Dunne Books was published with additional material as a hardcover on September 29 , 2009 . After enjoying some success , it came to the attention of Don Coscarelli , who decided to adapt it as a film . In 2007 , Coscarelli optioned the film rights to John Dies at the End . Filming took place from late 2010 until January 2011 at locations in Southern California .
The film , starring Chase Williamson , Rob Mayes , Clancy Brown , and Paul Giamatti , premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23 , 2012 . It also played on March 12 , 2012 , at South by Southwest , in Austin , Texas .
The author stated in January 2018 that Zoey Punches the Future in the Dick , the sequel to Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits , was nearing completion and scheduled for release in late 2020 . The fourth book in the John Dies at the End series is currently under development as well .
Bibliography
John and Dave series
Zoey Ashe series
See also
Daniel O'Brien
Michael Swaim
Seanbaby
References
External links
David Wong at film premiere
1975 births
American humorists
American columnists
Internet humor
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Novelists from Illinois
Living people
American comedy writers
Southern Illinois University alumni
People from Lawrenceville , Illinois
People from Marion , Illinois
Journalists from Illinois
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
21st-century pseudonymous writers
Philippe Desavoye ( born 17 February 1965 ) is a French boxer . He competed in the men 's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1965 births
Living people
French male boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Seine-Maritime
Flyweight boxers
`` 99 Miles From L.A. '' is a 1975 single written by Albert Hammond and Hal David and performed by Hammond . The song was Hammond 's only number one on the Easy Listening chart as well as his most successful release on the chart . `` 99 Miles From L.A. '' spent one week at number one and peaked at number ninety-one on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Cover versions
The song was included as a track on Art Garfunkel 's 1975 album , Breakaway .
A new version of this song was included as a track on Albert Hammond 's 1977 album , When I Need You .
In 1990 , Julio Iglesias covered the song for his album Starry Night .
Johnny Mathis covered the song live on his 1975 album `` Feelings '' .
Dionne Warwick covered the song on her 50th Anniversary Album `` Now '' .
Nancy Sinatra covered the song on her 2002 album California Girl .
Stevie Holland covered the song on her 2015 album Life Goes On .
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 ( U.S . )
References
1975 singles
Songs written by Albert Hammond
Songs with lyrics by Hal David
Albert Hammond songs
Epic Records singles
1975 songs
Art Garfunkel songs
Songs about Los Angeles
Deh Now ( ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 53 , in 10 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Sävedalen is a district ( `` kommundel '' ) located in Partille Municipality . At west it borders to Gothenburg Municipality and is a suburb of Gothenburg .
The ice-cream company Triumf Glass was founded and have their headquarters in Sävedalen .
History
Earlier the village Ugglum was located here . But when the railway station was opened in 1917 , it changed name to Sävedalen for avoiding confusion with Ucklum .
Famous people
The comedian and tv-personality Petra Mede grew up in Sävedalen .
References and sources
External links
Eniro Maps
Information about Sävedalen on Wikimedia Commons
Populated places in Västra Götaland County
Kucch To Hai ( ) is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language slasher film written by Rajeev Jhaveri and directed by Anurag Basu and Anil V. Kumar . The film stars Tusshar Kapoor , Esha Deol , Anita Hassanandani , Yash Tonk , Rishi Kapoor , Jeetendra and Moonmoon Sen . The film was produced under the banner of Balaji Motion Pictures . It was inspired by an Urban Legend ( 1998 ) and is an unofficial remake of the Hollywood slasher film I Know What You Did Last Summer ( 1997 ) and inspired from Scream series .
Plot
Karan ( Tusshar Kapoor ) and Natasha ( Anita Hassanandani ) are childhood friends . Natasha has always loved Karan , albeit secretly , and wanted to marry him . Karan , however , falls for Tanya ( Esha Deol ) , the new admission to college . Meanwhile , Professor Bakshi ( Rishi Kapoor ) , who is rumored to have murdered his wife and hidden her body , is reinstated at the college . When Karan falls for Tanya , a playboy named Yash ( Yash Tonk ) befriends him and helps his way through Tanya 's heart . To impress Tanya , Karan promises her that he will steal the exam answers from Professor Bakshi 's house so that Tanya would pass easily .
Together Karan , Natasha , and Yash along with two other friends , Pat and Kush , sneak inside Professor Bakshi 's house to retrieve the exam papers so Tanya 's year wo n't be a waste . When they find a woman 's dead body there , they try to run away but are chased by Professor Bakshi . Their car accidentally hits Professor Bakshi and he falls down the cliff . Fearing arrest , they run away . Tanya is traumatized by these events and leaves to start a new life .
Years later , Tanya , Karan , and their group have a reunion at the wedding of one of their friends . However , a killer is lurking somewhere nearby and is waiting to strike . And one by one they start to die : Dolly , Pat , and Kush are all killed , while Yash is attacked , but miraculously survives . Eventually , only three are left .
When Yash is attacked again , Karan follows who appear to be Professor Bakshi , only to find someone else being attacked while Bakshi is with him . He leaves to find Khush attacked , and Khush says `` Tanya '' as he holds a piece of red fabric .
Karan follows a car that has Natasha and Tanya in it to a cliff and finds Natasha injured . She tells him that Professor Bakshi had brought her and Tanya here . Karan realizes she is lying , as Professor Bakshi was with him , and also realizes the piece of fabric Khush had in his hand came off Natasha 's scarf . He asks Natasha why she attacked everyone , and she claims it is because she loved him . She begs him to forgive her , but he is speechless . She says that after finding this out , he wo n't forgive her , so she walks backward in the snow and falls off the edge , yelling Karan 's name . He runs to save her but is unsuccessful , and her scarf blows into his face .
On the first day of college , Karan remembers each of his friends who died , including Natasha . While on the plane back to Delhi , he meets Tanya again , and they decide to be with each other , while they find Yash in the back seat .
Cast
Tusshar Kapoor as Karan
Esha Deol as Tanya Oberoi
Rishi Kapoor as Professor Bakshi
Johnny Lever as Popatlal
Anita Hassanandani as Natasha “ Tasha ” / Tashu
Vrajesh Hirjee as Pat
Yash Tonk as Yash
Manoj Pahwa as Professor Bhalla ; Dolly 's father
Moon Moon Sen as Madam Saxena
Jeetendra as Ravi , Karan 's father
Kusumit Sana as Dolly
Akshay as Kush
Reception
The film 's reviews were generally unfavorable , the film was declared a flop by boxofficeindia.com . Critic Taran Adarsh gave it 1.5 star out of 5 and commented : `` A poor remake of the Hollywood flick I Know What You Did Last Summer , Kucch To Hai hardly offers much to the audience with a few chills and thrills . ''
Tusshar Kapoor denied that they copied I Know What You Did Last Summer and said he did not see the original film yet .
Times of India gave it 2.5 stars out of five .
Music
The film 's soundtrack contains 8 songs , all composed by Anu Malik and written by Sameer . According to the Indian trade website Box Office India , with around 9,00,000 units sold , this film 's soundtrack album was the year 's fourteenth highest-selling .
See also
List of Bollywood thriller films
I Know What You Did Last Summer ( franchise )
References
External links
2003 films
2003 horror films
2000s Hindi-language films
2000s buddy films
Films scored by Anu Malik
Indian buddy films
Indian slasher films
Indian romantic horror films
Indian romantic thriller films
Balaji Motion Pictures films
Indian horror film remakes
Indian remakes of American films
2003 directorial debut films
2000s romantic thriller films
2000s slasher films
Films directed by Anurag Basu
TV Rudo or Televizija Rudo is a local Bosnian public television channel based in Rudo municipality . It was established on 28 June 1993 as part of public municipality services .
References
External links
Official website of Rudo municipality
Website of CRA BiH
Television channels and stations established in 1993
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Agri Farm Ward is a ward located under Nagaland 's capital city , Kohima . The ward falls under the designated Ward No . 17 of the Kohima Municipal Council .
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Agri Ward
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The Notitia provinciarum et civitatum Africae ( `` Notice of the Provinces and Cities of Africa '' ) is a Byzantine-era document listing the bishops and sees in the Roman provinces of North Africa , Sardinia and the Balearics .
The cause of its preparation was the council of Carthage held on 1 February 484 by the Arian king of the Vandals , Huneric ( 477–484 ) .
It is arranged according to provinces in the following order : Proconsularis , Numidia , Byzacena , Mauretania Caesariensis , Mauretania Sitifensis , Tripolitana and Sardinia . It also names exiled bishops and vacant sees , and is an important authority for the history of the early African church and the geography of these provinces . It is preserved in the sole extant manuscript containing the History of the Vandal Persecution by Bishop Victor of Vita .
Description
The Notitia provinciarum and civitatum Africae is the conventional long title in Latin , but it is also known simply as the Notitia Africae ( NA ) .
The Notitia lists the Chalcedonian ( Catholic ) bishops ( nomina episcorum catholicorum ) who participated in the council held at Carthage on 1 February 484 , as well as those who were victims of the Vandal Persecution and those who were exiled or fled ( fugerunt ) . It also by implication describes the extent of the Vandal Kingdom at that time .
It lists four hundred and eighty-three dioceses in seven ecclesiastical provinces , five of which correspond to Roman provinces . The order of the provinces seems to follow the chronological order of their creation :
The first list is the Proconsularis ( or Zeugitana ) , which includes the diocese of Carthage , whose bishop is the primate of Africa .
The second list is that of Numidia , the first bishop of which , Secundus of Tigisis , is attested in 305 .
The third list is that of Byzacena , which had a bishop by the middle of the 4th century .
The fourth list is that of Mauretania Caesariensis , the provincial seat of which might go back to the 4th century and the acts of the council of Carthage ( 407 ) .
The fifth is a list of Mauretania Sitifensis , which was set up after the general council of Africa held at Hippo on 8 October 393 .
The sixth list is that of Tripolitania .
Sardinia is not presented as a province but as an island . The list also contains the names of the Bishops of Majorca and Menorca , in the Balearic Islands .
The author of the Notitia is unknown . It has long been attributed , wrongly , to Victor of Vita , and its author is designated , by convention , as Pseudo-Victor .
Bishops named in the Notitia
Fulgentius of Ruspe and Stephen
Tiberiumus
Paschasius
Aemilianus
Amourah
Athenius of Cercina
Aurilius of Kelibia
Benantius of Oppidum Novum
Collo
Crescens
Dantus
Eugenius of Carthage
Florentinus
Fortunatas and Optantius
Felix
Fortunatianus of Cillium
Frumentius
Honartus of Tlemcen
Reparatus of Cissi
Leporis of Azura
Martialis of Columnata
Maximus of Cova
Petrus
Peregrinus ( bishop )
Pudentius of Madauros , M'Daourouch
Tacanus of Albulae
Tiberianus of Quiza
Rogatus
Quintian , Lucius and Julian
Quodvultdeus of Coeliana
Victor of Pomaria
Victorian , Frumentius and Companions
Vadius of Lesvi
Vitalis of Castra Nova
Bishop of Beniane , Tipasa , Bonusta , Macri .
See also
Notitia Dignitatum
Annuario Pontificio
References
Byzantine manuscripts
Lists of Roman Catholic bishops and archbishops
History of Christianity in North Africa
History of the Balearic Islands
History of Sardinia
Lists of Roman Catholic dioceses
The ( see photo below ) is a monument in Kamakura , Kanagawa , Japan , located some hundred meters north of the site where the palace called Ōkura Bakufu , seat of Minamoto no Yoritomo 's government , once stood . Although there is no evidence his remains are actually there , it is commonly assumed to be the resting place of Minamoto no Yoritomo , founder and first shōgun of the Kamakura shogunate . The cenotaph consists of a 186 cm gorintō ( a Buddhist stone stupa ) surrounded by a stone tamagaki ( a fence usually delimiting the sacred soil of a Shinto shrine ) , and was built during the Edo period ( 1603–1868 ) , far after the shōguns death in 1199 . In the course of history , the site 's prestige has attracted other structures , so that now it is occupied by the Site of the Hokke-dō , ( the spot where Yoritomo 's Hokke-dō , or funeral temple , used to stand during the Edo period ) , ( not to be confused with the homonymous shrine part of Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū ) , and the black stone stele commemorating the Hokke-dō and the mass suicide of the Miura clan . A couple of hundred meters further to the east lie the yagura ( an artificial cave used during the Kamakura period as a grave or as a cenotaph ) of the Miura clan , the twin tombs of Oe no Hiromoto and of his son Mōri Suemitsu , and the grave of Yoritomo 's illegitimate son Shimazu Tadahisa . The grave of Yoritomo and the ruins of the Hokke-dō are national Historic Sites .
History
When Yoritomo suddenly died falling from his horse on February 8 , 1199 ( Shōji era , 13th day of the first month ) he was buried in a Buddhist temple on the side of a hill just north of his government 's seat , the Ōkura Bakufu . The temple stood where the tomb of Yoritomo now is , and was moved elsewhere in the Edo period . The temple had n't yet assumed the name it is now known under , but was simply Yoritomo 's , the temple which enshrined his tutelary goddess Shō-Kannon . The name under which this area in now known , Nishi Mikado or `` Western Gate '' , is itself a relic of the time in which it was just west of the shōguns palace .
Remains of the Hokke-dō
The Hokke-dō was Yoritomo 's personal temple , which was destroyed , moved and rebuilt several times in the course of its history and which is no longer extant . On the site where it used to stand before it was demolished in 1872 there are now a shrine called Shirahata Shrine and a stone stele which reads :
The Hokke-dō originally enshrined Yoritomo 's tutelary goddess [ Shō-Kannon ] but , after his death , was turned into his grave . When in June 1217 ( Kempō 5 , 5th month ) Wada Yoshimori rebelled and set the Ōkura Bakufu on fire , this is where shōgun Sanetomo found refuge . Also , on August 7 , 1247 ( Hōji 1 , 5th day of the 6th month ) , Miura Yasumura barricaded in here to resist the onslaught of Hōjō forces , but was defeated . He therefore gathered 500 members of his clan and committed with them mass suicide , dyeing the ground in red and black with their blood .
A is today a Tendai hall whose layout allows walking around a statue for meditation . The purpose of walking is to concentrate on the Lotus Sūtra and seek the ultimate truth . In Yoritomo 's time however the term simply meant someone 's funerary hall . That use of the word had its origin in the fact that the Lotus Sūtra ( Hokkekyō ) was usually read during funeral ceremonies .
Built in 1189 as Yoritomo 's personal temple , at his death in 1199 it became his grave and there were performed his funerary rites . The Hokke-dō however assumed its present name only the following year , in occasion of Yoritomo 's yearly funeral rites for that year . Likely a building of a certain size , it had as its dōshi ( officiating monk ) the famous holy man Eisai and , according to the Azuma Kagami , it was visited by Hōjō Tokimasa and the powerful of the shogunate .
The main object of worship chosen by Yoritomo was a 6 cm silver statue of Shō-Kannon , which seems to attest that the temple was n't built simply as a grave for the shōgun .
The Wada Kassen
In 1213 Wada Yoshimori rebelled against the Hōjō regents in the so-called and his famous son Asahina Yoshihide stormed into the Ōkura Bakufu , burning it into the ground . Second shōgun Minamoto no Sanetomo consequently had to run for his life , and found refuge in the Hokke-dō . Shikken Hōjō Yoshitoki and Ōe no Hiromoto followed him there . It seems likely that this was done not simply because the temple was close , but also because it was in an elevated position , was sufficiently large to house an army and therefore easily defensible , and was probably fortified .
The Hōji Kassen ( a.k.a . Miura no Ran ) and the death of the Miura clan
In 1247 , 500 members of the Miura clan , at the closing of the ( also known as the ) barricaded inside the Hokke-dō under the orders of Miura Yasumura and committed seppuku ( mass suicide ) . It is said that the whole floor was red with their blood .
The episode was the culmination of events that saw the tension between the Hōjō and the Adachi clans , on one side , and the Miura on the other , grow to the point where Adachi Yasumori with his troops attacked Yasumura 's mansion in Nishi Mikado . The mansion was burned down and the clan took refuge inside the Hokke-dō . There , realizing their position was hopeless , the decision was taken to proceed with the seppuku . Their deaths are commemorated in a yagura carved in the rock a few hundred meters to the east of this site . ( See below )
The Edo period and Shirahata Shrine
We know that during the Edo period ( 1600–1878 ) the Hokke-dō had already moved to the spot where Shirahata Jinja is today . The area around the tomb of Yoritomo is clearly shown in an Edo period drawing ( below ) , and in it the Hokke-dō has already moved from its original site on the side of the hill to the plain under the original location . Clearly visible in the upper left corner are also the tombs of Ōe no Hiromoto , Shimazu Tadahisa and Mōri Suemitsu .
The Buddhist temple was also used as a Shinto shrine ( as was normal at the time ) , and in fact it enshrined the spirit of Yoritomo . When however during the Meiji period the separation of Buddhism and Shinto was made mandatory with the ( see the articles Shinbutsu Bunri and Haibutsu kishaku ) , Yoritomo 's kami had by law to be enshrined with the name in today 's Shirahata Shrine , a Shinto shrine under the administration of Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū . The name Shirahata , meaning `` white flag '' , is a reference to the white Minamoto flag . The area where the demolished Hokke-dō used to stand was then declared a national Historic Site . According to the sign in front of Shirahata Shrine , the present building was built in 1970 with charity donations .
The tomb of Yoritomo
The gorintō that today constitutes the grave was brought there by 's chief priest from the ruins of a temple called at the time the Meiji period 's forcible separation of Shinto and Buddhism . According to a 1795 document called , at the time just to the north of the Ōkura Bakufu there was . The author mentions that locals were pleased by the fact that repairs to it were planned .
The first mention of a gorintō is of 1814 . Shimazu Shigehide in 1779 had his ancestor 's tomb repaired , a temizubachi installed and the whole place refurbished .
Every year on April 13 , as part of the Kamakura Matsuri week of celebrations , in front of the tomb is held the . From Kyūshū comes also a representative of the Shimazu clan , whose founder Shimazu Tadashisa is buried in the vicinity .
The tombs of Ōe no Hiromoto , Shimazu Tadahisa and Mōri Suemitsu
A steep stairway carved into the rock a few meters away from Yoritomo 's grave leads to the graves of Shimazu Tadahisa , Mōri Suemitsu and Ōe no Hiromoto .
Ōe no Hiromoto was a kuge and the Kamakura shogunate 's chief vassal , and he greatly contributed to the development and consolidation of its administrative structure .
Shimazu Tadahisa ( d. 1227 ) was the illegitimate son of shōgun Yoritomo and a sister of Hiki Yoshikazu , and the founder of the Shimazu clan . He was nominated shugo , or governor , of Satsuma province in Kyūshū . His family would then retain control of the province until the Meiji restoration in the 19th century . His tomb was built here by his descendant Shigehide in 1779 .
( 1211–1247 ) was Ōe no Hiromoto 's fourth son and the founder of the Mōri clan . He died together with the Miura at the Hokke-dō in 1247 .
Their graves , carved from the side of the hill , stand side to side and are still regularly tended to .
The yagura of the Miura clan
During the Kamakura period in and around Kamakura , for reasons that are unclear , warriors , priests and sometimes even commoners were buried in caves called Yagura carved out of the soft limestone that makes up the hills around the city . Yagura containing a gorintō were sometimes used also as cenotaphs ( memorial monuments ) . The souls of those of the Miura clan who perished during the siege of the neighboring Hokke-dō are enshrined in a small yagura whose opening is barely visible to the left of the base of the twin stairways leading to the tombs of Shimazu Tadahisa and Mōri Suemitsu ( see map above ) . The cenotaph is still tended and visited .
Notes
References
Buildings and structures in Kamakura , Kanagawa
Cemeteries in Japan
Minamoto clan
Kamakura shōguns
Samurai
People of Heian-period Japan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
Tourist attractions in Kanagawa Prefecture
Philadelphia Fever is an American women 's soccer club last playing in the Women 's Premier Soccer League , the second tier of women 's soccer in the United States . The club was founded and joined the league in the Women 's Premier Soccer League Elite inaugural season , before returning to the main WPSL for the 2013 WPSL season . After disbanding for 2014 and 2015 , the Fever returned in the summer of 2016 . The team 's first season back was a development/exhibition year , looking to gather some interest and momentum before the Women 's Arena Soccer League ( WASL ) kicks off in 2017 . The WASL will be the women 's equivalent of the American Soccer League ( ASL ) , where the men 's Philadelphia Fury compete .
The aim for the new league , is to add another platform to Women 's Soccer and to continue to bridge the gap between amateur and professional soccer . The Philadelphia Fever , along with AC Crusaders and Philadelphia Fury soccer clubs are part of the Atlantic Soccer Factory organization .
Year-by-year
External links
http : //www.asfsoccer.com
References
Association football clubs established in 2012
2012 establishments in Pennsylvania
Women 's Premier Soccer League Elite teams
Women 's Premier Soccer League teams
Wrestling is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition . It has been a sport in the program of the Mediterranean Games since its inception in 1951 .
Editions
All-time medal table
Updated after the 2022 Mediterranean Games
References
Mediterranean Games 1951 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1955 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1959 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1963 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1967 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1971 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1975 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1979 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1983 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1987 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1991 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1993 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 1997 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 2001 Results ( PDF file )
Mediterranean Games 2005 Results ( PDF file )
Official website of the 2009 Mediterranean Games ( archived )
Official website of the 2013 Mediterranean Games ( archived )
Mediterranean Games 2022 Results ( PDF file )
Wrestling
Mediterranean Games
is a Japanese pop singer-songwriter and actor .
Although Tokunaga failed to pass the test of Star Tanjō ! in 1982 , he debuted as a recording singer in 1986 . After he released hit songs such as `` Yume o Shinjite '' ( the first ending theme of the anime series Dragon Quest ) and `` Kowarekake no Radio '' in 1990 , his single `` Wednesday Moon '' reached No . 1 on Oricon weekly charts in 1991 . He was also known for Vocalist album series , comprising his covers of female songs . Vocalist , Vocalist 2 , Vocalist 3 and Vocalist 4 were released in 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2010 respectively .
Tokunaga is the first male artist to have at least one album to reach the number-one position on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts for four decades ( 1980s , 1990s , 2000s and 2010s ) .
Tokunaga also composed other singers ' songs such as KinKi Kids ' `` Eien Ni '' ( from their 2007 album Phi ) .
Tokunaga gained high popularity in Hong Kong due to huge number of songs covered in Cantonese version by superstars such as Alan Tam , Leslie Cheung , Jackie Cheung , and Leon Lai .
Career
Tokunaga took part in the Japanese television program Star Tanjō ! in 1982 . The program produced many Japanese stars such as Momoe Yamaguchi , Pink Lady and Akina Nakamori . However , Akiko Matsumoto passed the test at that time , while Tokunaga and Minako Honda were rejected .
On January 21 , 1986 , Tokunaga debuted with the album Girl and the single `` Rainy Blue '' . In 1987 , his third studio album Birds reached the number-one position on the Japanese Oricon charts . Revolution from 1991 had been his last number-one album until 2007 .
In the early 1990s , the song from Tokunaga 's 1989 album Realize became well-known in the Philippines , when it was covered by Ted Ito as `` Ikaw Pa Rin '' , Keempee de Leon as `` My One and Only '' , Maso as `` Kailanman '' , and as an instrumental by saxophonist Jake Concepcion .
Tokunaga began to release the Vocalist album series , in which he covered many Japanese songs of female singers . On September 14 , 2005 , he released the album Vocalist , the first work of the series . The album includes his cover versions of Miyuki Nakajima 's 1975 song `` Jidai '' and Momoe Yamaguchi 's 1977 song `` Cosmos '' . Vocalist was certified A Million by RIAJ for shipment of 1,000,000 copies .
On August 30 , 2006 , Tokunaga released Vocalist 2 . The album includes his cover versions of Akina Nakamori 's 1982 song `` Second Love '' and Mika Nakashima 's 2003 song `` Yuki no Hana '' . Vocalist 2 was certified Triple Platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 750,000 copies .
On August 15 , 2007 , Tokunaga released Vocalist 3 , which includes his cover versions of Akiko Kobayashi 's 1985 song `` Koi ni Ochite -Fall in Love- '' and Every Little Thing 's 1998 song `` Time Goes By '' . His cover version of Namie Amuro 's 1997 song `` Can You Celebrate ? '' was the final track of the album , but there was also a first press limited edition which included a bonus track , his cover version of Naomi Chiaki 's 1972 song `` Kassai '' . Vocalist 3 reached the number-one position on the Oricon weekly album charts , making it his first number-one album in 15 years 10 months . Vocalist 3 topped the Oricon weekly album charts for two weeks . The album was certified A Million by RIAJ for shipment of 1,000,000 copies .
On November 1 , 2007 , Tokunaga also covered Noriko Awaya 's `` Wakare no Blues '' at the Tokyo International Forum as a part of Ryoichi Hattori 's 100th Anniversary Concert .
On May 6 , 2009 , Tokunaga released his studio album We All . The album debuted at No . 1 on the Oricon weekly album charts . With the album , he became the first solo male artist who debuted in the 1980s to have at least one studio album to top the Oricon weekly charts for three decades ( 1980s , 1990s and 2000s ) .
Tokunaga released the single `` Toki no Nagare ni Mi wo Makase '' on March 31 , 2010 . It was his cover version of Teresa Teng 's 1986 song and its B-sides were his cover versions of Seiko Matsuda 's 1982 song `` Akai Sweet Pea '' and Juju 's 2009 song `` Yasashisa de Afureru Yō ni . '' Those songs were included by the album Vocalist 4 , released on April 20 , 2010 . The album included his cover version of Hikaru Utada 's 1999 song `` First Love . '' Vocalist 4 debuted at No . 1 on the Oricon weekly charts . Because of the album , he became the first male artist to have at least one album to top the Oricon weekly charts for four decades .
Health issues
In May 2001 , Tokunaga cancelled his concert tour after being diagnosed with moyamoya disease . He returned to performing live shows in November 2002 after one and a half years of treatment and recovery . On February 22 , 2016 , Tokunaga underwent bypass surgery to prevent cerebral infarction . On July 15 , Tokunaga was forced to postpone several dates on his 30th anniversary concert tour when he was diagnosed with acute laryngo pharyngitis after experiencing a sore throat following a show in Kobe .
On September 4 , 2018 , Tokunaga was hospitalized after experiencing dizzy spells while talking to his staff at his office . He was diagnosed with a light stroke caused by dehydration and was confined for a week , resulting in the postponement of four concerts in his schedule .
Discography
Studio albums
Girl ( 1986 )
Radio ( 1986 )
Birds ( 1987 )
Dear ( 1988 )
Realize ( 1989 )
Justice ( 1990 )
Revolution ( 1991 )
Nostalgia ( 1993 )
Taiyō no Shōnen ( 1995 )
Bless ( 1997 )
Honesto ( 1999 )
Remind ( 2000 )
Ai wo Kudasai ( 2003 )
My Life ( 2004 )
Vocalist ( 2005 )
Vocalist 2 ( 2006 )
Vocalist 3 ( 2007 )
We All ( 2009 )
Vocalist 4 ( 2010 )
Vocalist Vintage ( 2012 )
Statement ( 2013 )
Vocalist 6 ( 2015 )
Baton ( 2017 )
Love Person ( 2021 )
Videography
VHS
Live Special Vol . 1 : Dear ( 1988 )
Live Special Vol . 2 : Sound Shower Sincerely ( 1988 )
Myself Vol . 1 ( 1989 )
Myself Vol . 2 ( 1989 )
Revolution on Film ( 1992 )
Kaikisen ( 1992 )
The End of A ( 1994 )
DVD/Blu-ray
Live and Clip Track ( 2000 )
2001 to 2003 : Bokura no Yume wa Ima Hajimatta Bakari ( 2003 )
Vocalist Tracks ( 2005 )
Beautiful Clips ( 2006 )
Beautiful Lives ( 2007 )
Tabi no Okurimono 0:00 Hatsu ( 2007 )
Yakushiji Live ( 2008 )
Vocalist & Songs ~ 1000th Memorial Live ( 2008 )
Concert Tour '08-'09 Singles Best ( 2009 )
A Day of Red Sun VII ( 2010 )
Concert Tour 2009 ( 2010 )
2009 Live Special Edition ( 2010 )
Perfect Clips -Vocalist & Songs- ( 2011 )
Concert Tour 2010 : Vocalist & Songs 2 ( 2011 )
25th Anniversary Concert Tour 2011 : Vocalist & Ballade Best Final [ Perfect Edition ] ( 2012 )
Concert Tour 2012 : Vocalist Vintage & Songs ( 2013 )
Concert Tour 2013 : Statement ( 2014 )
Concert Tour 2015 : Vocalist & Songs 3 ( 2016 )
Perfect Clips ~1986-2016~ ( 2016 )
30th Anniversary Concert Tour 2016 : All-Time Best Presence ( 2017 )
Concert Tour 2017 : Baton ( 2018 )
Concert Tour 2018 : Eien no Hate ni ( 2019 )
References
External links
Official website at Universal Music
1961 births
Living people
Japanese male actors
Japanese male pop singers
Japanese male singer-songwriters
Japanese singer-songwriters
People from Yanagawa , Fukuoka
Actors from Fukuoka Prefecture
Musicians from Fukuoka Prefecture
Writers from Fukuoka Prefecture
20th-century Japanese musicians
21st-century Japanese musicians
20th-century Japanese male singers
21st-century Japanese male singers
English-language singers from Japan
Universal Music Japan artists
The Firebird Z-One is a German single-place , paraglider that was designed and produced by Firebird Sky Sports AG of Füssen in the mid-2000s . It is now out of production .
Design and development
The Z-One was designed as a beginner glider . The models are each named for their relative size .
Variants
Z-One S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots . Its span wing has a wing area of , 40 cells and the aspect ratio is 3.98:1 . The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified .
Z-One M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots . Its span wing has a wing area of , 40 cells and the aspect ratio is 3.98:1 . The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified .
Z-One L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots . Its span wing has a wing area of , 40 cells and the aspect ratio is 3.98:1 . The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified .
Specifications ( Z-One L )
References
Z-One
Paragliders
Lynni Treekrem ( born 26 December 1958 ) is a Norwegian singer and composer .
She was born in Seattle , Washington , US , and grew up in Kristiansund . Her album Haugtussa from 1995 earned her Spellemannprisen . Among her other albums are Storm from 1997 , and Sweethearts from 2004 .
References
1958 births
Living people
Musicians from Seattle
Musicians from Kristiansund
American emigrants to Norway
Norwegian women singers
Norwegian composers
Spellemannprisen winners
There are numerous parks throughout the city of Amsterdam , Netherlands . This is a fairly complete list of the most notable ones .
Major parks
Vondelpark
The largest and most-visited park within the city is Vondelpark . It is located near Marnixplein . It is named after Joost van den Vondel , a 17th-century Amsterdam writer .
Beatrixpark
Beatrixpark is named after Queen Beatrix .
Sarphatipark
Sarphatipark is located in the stadsdeel Amsterdam Oud-Zuid . It is named after Samuel Sarphati . Because Sarphati was Jewish , between 1942 and 1945 , the park was called `` Bollandpark '' after G.J.P.J . Bolland .
Oosterpark
Oosterpark is located in the Oost borough . It is the first large park laid out by the municipality of Amsterdam . It is an English garden , and was designed by Dutch landscape architect Leonard Anthony Springer and was laid out in 1891 .
Park Frankendael
Park Frankendael is located on the east side of Middenweg south of Oosterpark .
Rembrandtpark
Rembrandtpark park is located northwest of Vondelpark .
Westerpark
Westerpark is in the neighbourhood of Westerpark . It is situated on the former Westergasfabriek gasworks along Haarlemmerweg .
Flevopark
Flevopark is located east of Central in the Indische Buurt . It contains large lawn areas , running paths , a playground , a youth centre called Jeugdland , swimming pool , and other features .
Amsterdamse Bos
The Amsterdamse Bos is located between Amsterdam and Amstelveen . This park is around three times larger than New York City 's Central Park .
Amstelpark
Amstelpark is located in the borough of Amsterdam-Zuid and is home to the Rieker windmill built in 1636 .
Hortus Botanicus
Established in 1638 , Hortus Botanicus is one of the oldest botanical gardens in the world . It is located in the Plantage and is a major tourist attraction .
It was originally established as a herb garden for doctors and apothecaries . It now contains more than six thousand tropical and indigenous trees and plants . The monumental Palm House dates from 1912 and is renowned for its collection of cycads .
The hexagonal pavilion dates from the late 1600s . The entrance gate was built in the early 1700s . The Orangery dates from 1875 , and the Palm House and Hugo de Vries Laboratory - both created in Amsterdam School expressionist architecture - date from 1912 and 1915 .
Wertheimerpark
Wertheimerpark is adjacent to Hortus Botanicus to the northeast .
Martin Luther Kingpark
Martin Luther Kingpark is located on the north bank of the Amstel River .
Sloterpark
Sloterpark is west of Central and located on the eastern shore of Sloterplas .
Frederik Hendrikplantsoen
Frederik Hendrikplantsoen is located between the neighborhoods of the Jordaan and Frederik Hendrikbuurt and is named after Frederik Hendrik , son of Prince William of Orange . In 2015 the park underwent an extensive redesign and redevelopment , including the installation of an expansive children 's play area and statues by artist Joep van Lieshout , which tells the story of the history of the neighbourhood , which in the 18th and 19th centuries was the heart of Amsterdam 's timber and sawmill industry .
Comprehensive list
The following is a more comprehensive list :
Amstelpark , Amsterdamse Bos , Baanakkerspark , Beatrixpark , Bijlmerweide , Darwinplantsoen , De Noorderparkkamer , Diemerpark , Eendrachtspark , Eerste Marnixplantsoen , Erasmuspark , Flevopark , Florapark , Frederiksplein , Frederik Hendrikplantsoen , Gaasperpark , Geuzenbos , Gijsbrecht van Aemstelpark , Hederabrug , Ingang Noorderpark , Martin Luther Kingpark , Amsterdam , Nelson Mandelapark , Observatorium Noord , Oeverpark , Oosterpark , Park Schinkeleilanden , Piet Wiedijkpark , Pijporgel , Rembrandtpark , Rosarium Noorderpark , Sarphatipark , Schellingwouderpark , Siegerpark , Sloterpark , Trekpontje , Treurwilg , Vliegenbos , Volewijckspark , Vondelpark , Wandelparkje , Wertheimpark , Westerpark , and Windmolenpark .
Gallery
See also
List of squares in Amsterdam
List of tourist attractions in Amsterdam
References
Amsterdam-related lists
Amsterdam
Trinity : Souls of Zill Ơll , known in Japan as , is an action fantasy role-playing video game developed by Omega Force , a part of the Zill Ơll series , which had previously appeared on PlayStation , PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable . The game is a prequel , taking place five years before the events in Zill Ơll .
Downloadable content that included additional quests and alternate costumes for the main party was released exclusively in Japan .
Gameplay
The game features a three character party system ; the player is allowed to only control one character but can freely switch between each of them with a single button to perform a variety of setups and combos . For example , one character can be set to cast a spell and the player can immediately switch to another to defend the magic caster . When the character controlled by the player leads the party into a group of monsters , the two other characters may automatically assist the player 's character .
All three characters can perform two group attacks : the Trinity Attack or the Soul Burst . Like the musou feature found in several Warriors games , the party will gradually build a gauge - called a Trinity Gauge - that is adjacent to their characters ' face icons . The party can unleash a Trinity Attack , a destructive attack in a wider range than usual , once the gauge is filled . Trinity Attacks can be strengthened as it possesses its own leveling system . Soul Bursts are stronger attacks unleashed by the entire party , but they are trickier to take effect . It advocates for each character to attack a foe simultaneously .
Each character has a different job class ( warrior , mage and assassin ) or Souls . Souls are packed with the techniques and abilities that vary based on the character . When a particular Soul runs out of abilities to learn , a new Soul may replace it . Skills from various Souls can cross over to create different techniques . Magic is learned in this manner and is categorized as either air , fire , earth or water . These abilities can either be bought at a Sorcerer 's Guild within a town , found as a treasure in dungeons , or earned by acclimating Skill Points ( SP ) from defeated enemies in battle .
Environments are fully interactive to allow players to destroy it , pick up items on the field and unlock new pathways . Cutting away the field in such a fashion can be used to the player 's advantage during battles with monsters .
Plot
Areus , a half elf is destined to kill the emperor , his grandfather . When the evil emperor finds out about his fate he has his pregnant daughter and Areus 's father murdered . Areus 's mother manages to escape to a boat with the emperor 's men in hot pursuit . Many years later Areus has become an adventurer who fights in the arena in a major city in order to get stronger to avenge his father .
Along his travels Areus meets two new characters who join him and have their own backstory and secrets . Finding out and having them trust him is n't as easy as it sounds .
Development
The game was developed by Omega Force and published by Tecmo Koei , and released in Japan on November 25 , 2010 and in North America and Europe in February 2011 .
The game design from previous differs from earlier iterations of the Zill Ơll franchise by replacing the turn based battles with real time combat , which allows switching between a group of three playable characters .
In an interview with Akihiro Suzuki when asked about the visual style , he explained : `` We 're creating a very original visual style for the game . Ultimately , Trinity will resemble what we 're calling a `` living painting '' , something along the lines of a romanticist oil painting come to life . We believe that the world of fantasy and the unique sensation of oil paintings match really well somehow , so we are going to try and have a go at this mixture for the visuals . We looked at structures and architecture from our own world , both from ancient history and modern day , and pulled inspiration from different cultures and mythologies . In many ways , the game world we created for Trinity is a reflection of our own planet and the differences on it '' .
The games logo uses the Ouroboros which symbolizes self-reflexivity , cyclicality , re-creation , and things beginning anew as soon as they end similar to the phoenix .
Related media
During the Neoroma & Musou radio program a pre-recorded commercial for the game routinely plays at breaks . The director attended a live broadcast to answer basic questions of the gameplay . He also performed a similar task at the twentieth episode of Niconico Live Game no Jikan .
In November 2010 , Omega Force began an illustration contest for Trinity : Souls of Zill Ơll as a collaboration project with Nico Nico Seiga . Interested participants either drew any character of the game they wanted or illustrated a picture that emphasizes a bond shared between any of the characters . The `` most excellent '' and `` notable '' pieces could be entered as guest illustrations with full artist recognition . Players needed to complete specially marked quests to see the fan created pictures but their art would be in the game 's actual gallery . The `` most excellent '' winner additionally won Zill Ơll merchandise for their efforts , which sets them apart from other winners . The contest lasted until January 10 , 11:59 PM . Contest winners can now be seen on the contest page .
Dream 's collaboration for the game was revealed at TGS 2010 , where they performed their songs , Breakout and My Way ~ULala~ on stage . The image song will be on Dream 's album Hands Up ! , which also has an alternative TRINITY : Zill Ơll Zero version . The ladies also demonstrated the title 's Time Attack event for those in the audience . The musical unit also had a video message for fans at the October talk show event , stating they felt closely to the game 's theme in their own group . If the player inputs a specially marked number code on their booklets in the game , they will gain three exclusive weapons for their party . Players could do this until March 31 , 2011 .
Reception
The game received `` mixed '' reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic . G4 praised the combat , but noted a lack of depth in all other areas . GameSpot stated : `` Trinity : Souls of Zill Ơll offers such varied and satisfying combat that it 's easy to lose dozens of hours while you cleanse the world of evil '' , but added : `` The setup has been done before , and Trinity does n't offer interesting twists to make this tale compelling '' . In Japan , Famitsu gave it a score of one nine , two eights , and one seven for a total of 32 out of 40 .
References
Attribution
External links
Official North American Site ( English )
Official Japanese Site ( Japanese )
IGN Interview
PlayStation 3-only games
Role-playing video games
PlayStation 3 games
Koei games
Action role-playing video games
2010 video games
Video games developed in Japan
Yusif Mammadaliyev
Yusuf Mammadaliyev ( minister )
Yusif Mammadaliyev ( film )
Yusif Mammadaliyev ( village )
LST-172 was an American World War II Landing Ship , Tank .
History
On 23 April 1946 , while LST-172 was in the Yangtze River near Shanghai , China , a teen-aged Seaman 2d Class , William Vincent Smith , of Asheville , North Carolina , described as a silent , introspective individual , went berserk at 0300 hrs . and shot to death nine of the 30 shipmates in the berthing space before stabbing himself . Smith was only two months out of the United States at the time of his attack .
One of his mortally wounded victims managed to disarm him of the carbine and pistol he used , firing 20 rounds in all , whereupon Smith stabbed himself three times in the abdomen . He , and one of his victims , Seaman 2d Class George E. Simpson , 18 , were taken to the hospital ship USS Repose , where Smith was initially given a 50/50 chance of surviving . Simpson , of Waterbury , Connecticut , was struck on the left side of his chest by one of the rounds fired by Smith .
Investigation
Rear Admiral Bertram J. Rodgers , commander of the Seventh Fleet amphibious forces , ordered an immediate court of inquiry and made a flying trip to the LST for a personal investigation .
`` The Navy said that Smith had stood a two-hour watch just before midnight and sometime in the quiet hours before 3 a.m. , obtained a carbine from the cabin of the gunnery officer , who was on watch . Then with the carbine and a 22-caliber pistol which he had concealed among his effects , he went to the compartment , switched on the lights , and opened up . He fired until the magazines of both carbine and pistol were emptied , then leaped among the seaman with a flashing knife . ''
The names of the victims were withheld pending notification of next of kin .
The dead were buried in the U.S. Military Plot of the Shanghai Cemetery .
Suicide ends case
While awaiting court martial for the slayings of his fellow crew members , Seaman 2d Class William V. Smith , 21 , was found hanged in his cell at the Anacostia Naval Receiving Station , Washington , D.C. , on 1 August 1947 . He was being held in solitary confinement pending trial on 19 August , officers said .
References
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
1943 ships
La Gerdu or Lagerdu ( ) may refer to :
La Gerdu , Kerman
Linden is a New Jersey Transit station on the Northeast Corridor in Linden , New Jersey , United States . It is served by the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey coastlines and located downtown on an embankment south of South Wood Avenue .
This station has two high-level side platforms on six tracks . The four middle tracks are used by New Jersey Transit express trains as well as Amtrak 's Northeast Regional , Acela Express , Keystone service .
Station layout
The Trenton-bound platform for Track B is nearly twice as long as the New York-bound one for Track A . On its northern end , it has a long staircase up to it from Wood Avenue , which runs under the line , alongside a driveway that leads into the 464 space parking lot along this platform . The staircase has a short landing a gated off wooden low-level platform that stretches through all six tracks . The platform is canopied for its first quarter length with a small enclosed shelter . There is another staircase and ramp , which ends nearly at the platform 's northern end , down to the parking lot here . By the staircase are two shelters , one enclosing parking Muni-Meters and the other two Ticket Vending Machines . Towards the platform 's southern end has another staircase to the parking lot near its main entrance from Elizabeth Avenue .
The Wood Avenue overpass has an abandoned staircase between Track A and 1 that led up to a small low-level platform for Tracks 1 and 2 . The tracks are labeled in the underpass with small black numbers and letters .
The shorter New York-bound platform is entirely canopied with green supports . It begins on the northern side of the Wood Avenue overpass with the back of its windscreen painted blue and a `` Welcome to Linden '' message . The historic station house runs along the south side of the street adjacent to this platform . It is a cream colored building with green trim and a green roof with a now unstaffed waiting room . Inside are wooden benches with arms and the closed ticket window . Behind the station house are two shelters , one covering Ticket Vending Machines and the other parking Muni-Meters , and the only staircase up to the platform . This leads to a 141-space parking lot with entrances from Wood Avenue and Penn Place . At the platform 's southern end is a blocked off staircase going down to low-level wooden platforms and long wheelchair ramp that leads down into the parking lot .
Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor services bypass the station via the inner tracks .
References
External links
Station House from Google Maps Street View
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
Stations on the Northeast Corridor
Railway stations in Union County , New Jersey
Linden , New Jersey
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
Flanders is an unincorporated community located within Mount Olive Township , in southwestern Morris County , New Jersey , United States . Flanders is served by the United States Postal Service as ZIP Code 07836 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , the population of the Flanders ZIP Code Tabulation Area was 12,568 .
At the 2000 United States Census , Flanders had a population of 12,217 . At the 1990 Census , the population was 10,528 .
Notable people
People who were born in , residents of , or otherwise closely associated with Flanders include :
Kenny Agostino ( born 1992 ) , professional hockey player who played for the Montreal Canadiens .
Noah Brown ( born 1996 ) , wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys .
David W. K. Peacock Jr. ( 1924–2005 ) , government official and businessman who served as a Deputy Undersecretary at the Department of Commerce during the Nixon Administration .
John R. Neill ( 1877-1943 ) , magazine and children 's book illustrator primarily known for illustrating more than forty stories set in the Land of Oz .
Jonathan Nicholas ( 1757/59–1839 ) , early settler of Flanders who served as a sergeant in the American Revolutionary War .
Lee Rouson ( born 1962 ) , former NFL running back for the New York Giants .
Steve Slattery ( born 1980 ) , Olympic track and field athlete .
Charles Stewart Wurts ( 1790-1859 ) , founder of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company .
John Wurts ( 1792-1861 ) , member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
References
Mount Olive Township , New Jersey
Unincorporated communities in Morris County , New Jersey
Unincorporated communities in New Jersey
The fulvous-breasted flatbill ( Rhynchocyclus fulvipectus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found in Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
fulvous-breasted flatbill
Birds of the Northern Andes
fulvous-breasted flatbill
fulvous-breasted flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mzwandile Collen Masina ( born 2 September 1974 ) is a South African politician from Gauteng who served as the Executive Mayor of the City of Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality from 2016 to 2021 . He is a member of the African National Congress ( ANC ) and the party 's Ekurhuleni chairperson , elected in 2014 and re-elected in 2018 . From 2014 to 2016 , he served as a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa and as the Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry .
Controversy
In 2020 Masina was driving at high speed in a state police car which is used for transporting VIPs . Masina got involved in an accident with a truck . It was discovered that he was not authorised to drive the car and it was also determined that he was driving during a Covid-19 lockdown curfew .
References
External links
Cllr Zwandile Masina – Ekurhuleni Executive Mayor
People 's Assembly – Mzwandile Masina
Mzwandile Masina , Mr – South African Government
Living people
African National Congress politicians
Zulu people
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Mayors of places in South Africa
Mayors of Ekurhuleni
1974 births
Samantha Diaz ( born November 23 , 1998 ) , known by their stage name Just Sam , is a singer-songwriter from Harlem , New York who rose to fame after winning the eighteenth season of the singing reality show American Idol .
Early life
Just Sam was born and raised in Harlem , New York . When they were six years old , their grandmother , Elizabeth , adopted Diaz and their sister , Anabelle , after their mother had been incarcerated . They were the topic of a short documentary in 2018 called Sam , Underground , which was shot and produced by Joe Penney and Ladan Osman . In the documentary , they explained that in high school , they were bullied for how they dressed , inspiring their `` Just Sam '' nickname .
Prior to appearing on American Idol , Just Sam made a living singing in subway trains , and auditioned for America 's Got Talent and the American iteration of The Voice , but neither one came to fruition .
American Idol
Just Sam auditioned for the eighteenth season of the singing reality show American Idol in Washington , D.C. on October 14 , 2019 . After surviving Hollywood Week and making it into the Top 5 , Just Sam received the most votes to win , and on May 17 , 2020 , Just Sam was crowned the winner of the eighteenth season of American Idol , beating runner-up Arthur Gunn . Just Sam was also the first African American winner since Candice Glover in season twelve and the show 's revival on ABC .
Post-Idol
After winning American Idol in May 2020 , Just Sam signed with Hollywood Records , although this arrangement was short-lived . Just Sam left the label without releasing any albums under them , explaining in 2022 , `` I thought it was gon na be easy . Just go to the studio , record , put out music , and that 's not how the world works . That 's not how the industry works . It takes time , it takes money that I do n't have . It takes patience . '' Just Sam had to pay Hollywood Records to claim the music they recorded with them , stating that they `` ended up broke '' in the process , but that they planned to release music `` when I can and when it 's ready . ''
On March 13 , 2021 , Just Sam released `` Africando , '' their first single since American Idol , which they wrote with a co-songwriter named Cat Clark and released with the help of independent digital music service DistroKid .
On September 28 , 2021 , Just Sam released a second independent single called `` Change , '' which they wrote and recorded with Cat Clark . Just Sam dedicated the song to family members and friends who were murder victims .
Personal life
In a May 19 , 2020 interview with Chuck Arnold of the New York Post , Just Sam stated , `` I am a child of God , so that 's always gon na come first . That 's actually the only label that I ever want to have . But I like what I like , and that 's just that , you know ? And it 's not men . Like , at all . ''
Just Sam goes by singular 'they ' pronouns .
Discography
Singles
Notes
References
1998 births
21st-century American women singers
American Idol participants
American Idol winners
African-American women singer-songwriters
Living people
Hollywood Records artists
LGBT singers from the United States
LGBT people from New York ( state )
21st-century American singers
BK Dukla Praha ( ) is a Czech ( former military ) basketball club from Prague .
History
In the years 1950-1953 participated in the elite basketball league ( CSBL ) ( 1950-1951 , 1951 , 1952 , 1953 ) under the name `` ATK Praha '' and ranked gradually on the 6th , 4th , 5th and 2nd place . Then , the club has named `` ÚDA Praha '' and won the top league three times in a row ( in 1954 , 1955 , 1956 ) and include it in the record of the Czechoslovak league 5th place overall . Underpinning championship team were mainly representatives Miroslav Škeřík , Jaroslav Tetiva and Jaroslav Arrow .
With the reorganization of armed forces sports clubs by the communist government in 1956 , was disbanded the basketball team . Plenty of players moved into the competitive club of Slovan Orbis , where the very next season won the championship .
The club renewed its activity and returned to the Czechoslovak league in season 1959-1960 under the name `` Dukla Praha '' ( trainer D. Ozarčuk ) finished in 9th place when its best player and scorer was representative Boris Lukášik . In the seasons 1960-61 and 1963-64 ( then played her Václav Klaus ) finished in 12th place out of 14 participants . In other years Dukla started in the second Czechoslovak league .
The club has played a number of players who represented Czechoslovakia .
Honours
Czechoslovak League
Winners ( 3 ) : 1953-54 , 1954-55 , 1955-56
References
External links
BK VTJ Dukla Praha
Sport in Prague
Basketball teams in the Czech Republic
USS Beagle ( IX-112 ) , was an tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel . She was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the beagle , a breed of small , short-coated hunting hound .
Construction
Her keel was laid down 27 September 1943 , under a Maritime Commission ( MARCOM ) contract , MC hull No . 1901 , as the Type T1 tanker David Rittenhouse , by California Shipbuilding Corporation , Terminal Island , Los Angeles , California ; launched on 29 October 1943 ; sponsored by Mrs. Victor Dalton ; renamed Beagle and designated IX-111 on 27 October 1943 ; delivered to the Navy 20 November 1943 , and commissioned the same day .
Service history
Following shakedown early in 1944 , the tanker moved to the western Pacific . There she transported fuel among the various island groups . Between 13 October and 9 November , Beagle operated in the vicinity of Leyte providing support for the invasion of that island . After that operation , Beagle resumed her more routine fuel supply missions between bases in the Pacific .
Post-war service
After the war ended , she continued those duties in support of American occupation forces in the Far East . The ship headed back to the United States from Eniwetok on 11 March 1946 . She transited the Panama Canal on 16 April , and arrived in Norfolk , Virginia , on 30 April . Beagle was decommissioned at Norfolk on 13 June 1946 , and was turned over to MARCOM for disposal . Her name was struck from the Navy list on 3 JuIy 1946 .
Merchant service
On 14 July 1948 , to the Edison Tanker Corporation , Inc. , of New York City , the vessel was renamed Edison Skipper . She saw later merchant service under the names George S. , Georgios Sideratos , and Maria G.L. , before she was scrapped in 1964 .
Awards
Beagle earned one battle star for her World War II service .
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
Grange Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Paris in Oneida County , northeast of Waterville .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
The Highland People Discovery Museum ( พิพิธภัณฑ์เรียนรู้ราษฎรบนพื้นที่สูง ) , formerly known as Tribal Museum is an ethnographic museum in the Mueang Chiang Mai District of Chiang Mai province , northern Thailand , showing the life of Thailand 's minority hill tribes .
Exhibits
The museum highlights the history and culture of the mountain tribes of north Thailand , including the Akha , Karen , Khamu , Lahu , Lua , Lisu , Hmong , Mien , and Thin peoples . The museum has three components :
Indoor exhibits of tribal clothes , jewellery and other artefacts
A video presentation of tribal life in northern Thailand
A large garden with exhibits of tribal huts , reconstructed in an attractive waterside setting .
In addition , the Tribal Museum hosts a monthly tribal market , selling handmade clothes , craft goods and food , from a different hill tribe each month .
Reviews
The Rough Guide notes that the Tribal Museum `` enjoys a superb location behind the artfully landscaped Ratchamangkla Park . Overlooking a tree-lined lake , the very pretty and peaceful setting makes a visit worthwhile , as does the opportunity to learn something about the various hill tribes before heading off on a trek . '' The `` useful wall chart '' explains life in a village around the year , `` giving a month-by-month picture of the agricultural activities , ceremonies and festivals of the tribes featured '' , while the photographs and models of village houses give `` a good idea of the different styles of architecture , and a display of hill tribe instruments accompanied by taped music '' .
The New York Times quotes Frommer on the Tribal Museum : `` Formerly part of Chiang Mai University 's Tribal Research Institute , this small exhibit showcases the cultures and daily lives of the hill tribe people of Thailand 's north . It is recommended as a good introductory course for those who plan to visit many northern villages . ''
Thailand 's World recommends the Tribal Museum , writing `` A visit to the Tribal Museum is strongly recommended as an introduction to the cultures and practices of the current hill tribes of northern Thailand . This museum serves as an extensive resource centre for the tribal cultures , and the visitor will certainly leave with a better understanding of each hill tribe . It is unique and compact , and together with the nearby National Museum of Chiang Mai , can be viewed in half a day . ''
References
Further reading
External links
Website of the museum
Bangkok Post : Travel
Thailand 's World
Museums in Chiang Mai
Tribal art
Ethnographic museums in Asia
Docks of San Francisco is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Mary Nolan , Jason Robards Sr. and Marjorie Beebe . It was originally released by Mayfair Pictures , and later re-released by Commonwealth Pictures in 1948 . The film was long considered to be a lost film but is now on YouTube .
Plot
The plot follows a café waitress who becomes a small-time gangster 's mistress and a novelist decides to rescue her from the gangster 's clutches .
Cast
Mary Nolan as Belle
Jason Robards Sr. as John Banning
Marjorie Beebe as Rose Gillen
John Davidson as Vance
Max Davidson as Max Ranovich , the Detective
Arthur Millett as Police Chief Rafferty
Ernie Adams as Cookie
Walter James as Phony Café Waiter
George Chesebro as Vance 's Henchman
Hal Price as Vance 's Henchman
Charles McAvoy as Policeman
Frank Meredith as Plainclothesman
Paul Panzer as Café Waiter
References
Bibliography
Pitts , Michael R. Poverty Row Studios , 1929–1940 : An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies , with a Filmography for Each . McFarland & Company , 2005 .
External links
1932 films
1932 crime films
1930s rediscovered films
American crime films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by George B. Seitz
Rediscovered American films
Mayfair Pictures films
1930s English-language films
Films set in San Francisco
1930s American films
The 2015–16 New Hampshire Wildcats women 's basketball team represented the University of New Hampshire in the America East Conference . The Wildcats are led by sixth-year head coach Maureen Magarity and once again played their home games in Lundholm Gym . They finished the season 12–18 , 6–10 in America East play to finish in seventh place . They lost in the quarterfinals of the America East Women 's Tournament to Maine .
Media
All non-televised home games and conference road games streamed on either ESPN3 or AmericaEast.tv . Select home games aired on Fox College Sports , Live Well Network , or WBIN . Most road games streamed on the opponent 's website . All conference home games and select non-conference home games were broadcast on the radio on WPKX , WGIR and online on the New Hampshire Portal .
Roster
Schedule
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' background : # 191970 ; color : # FFFFFF ; '' | Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' background : # 191970 ; color : # FFFFFF ; '' | America East regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' background : # 191970 ; color : # FFFFFF ; '' | America East Women 's Tournament
See also
2015–16 New Hampshire Wildcats men 's basketball team
New Hampshire Wildcats women 's basketball
References
New Hampshire
New Hampshire Wildcats women 's basketball seasons
New Hamp
New Hamp
Valiyavila is a ward in Thiruvananthapuram Corporation , the capital city of the Indian state of Kerala is situated on the border between Thiruvananthapuram Taluk and Kattakada Taluk and is a major road junction connecting the two big Taluks .
Geography
It is located at .
Location
This place is located en route Peyad - Kattakada - Neyyar Dam . It is around 8 km from Thiruvananthapuram Central Central Railway Station ( via Karamana ) and around 10 km via Vazhuthacaud Pangode route or Vazhuthacaud Jagathy route . Valiyavila is well connected by bus services from both East Fort and Thampanoor bus stations in Thiruvananthapuram city .
Landmark
Kundamankadavu Bridge , which crosses the Karamana River is located near Valiyavila . The bridge is more than 100 years old .
Important Establishments
A sub post office ( Thirumala ) , State Bank of India Valiyavila Branch , a saw mill , an animal husbandry centre , and an upper primary school are situated here .
Valiyavila Shooting Incident
M. Brelvi ( 67 ) , an ex-service man ( retired Lieutenant Colonel ) residing at Valiyavila opened fire at a group of people after an altercation related to giving side to his car at Valiyavila in Thiruvananthapuram . The incident happened near Valiyavila junction in the Poojappura police station limits around 9.15 p.m. on Wednesday night , 30 January 2014 .
The incident was the result of a road rage leaving two persons injured after his car was blocked by an autorickshaw , shot two people Venkateswara Rao ( 47 ) and Manoj ( 35 ) with his revolver following a heated argument with some local people in Valiyavila . The man , allegedly in an inebriated condition , picked up a quarrel with the auto driver and locals there . He then went home to bring his service pistol and opened fire and fired three rounds at the crowd , police said . The crowd roughed him up , overpowered him , and managed to bring him under control . After the incident , the Police then arrived on the spot and the retired Army officer has landed in police custody for allegedly opening fire and took him into custody . He was taken to a hospital as he also suffered injuries . The two persons , who suffered bullet injuries , were rushed to hospital .
The injured were taken to the Government Medical College Hospital and subjected to emergency surgeries . The condition of Mr. Rao , who was shot in the abdomen with one bullet piercing through his stomach was serious , but he recovered while Mr. Manoj , who was injured in the right leg , was out of danger , according to available information . The Colonel was later arrested by the police . It is said that he was under the influence of alcohol at the time of incident .
`` According to eye-witnesses , the ex-service man was travelling in a car and an autorickshaw allegedly blocked his way near Valiyavila junction . He had heated arguments with the auto driver and some locals who gathered there , '' a police official said . A case has been registered against him under IPC section 307 ( attempt to murder ) and Arms Act . He was later shifted to the Poojappura police station and is being interrogated , the sources said .
The crowd is then said to have manhandled Mr. Brelvi , who was shifted to the General Hospital from where the police have secured his custody . A case was also registered against some persons based on his complaint for manhandling him , the official added .
Famous Personalities
Noted Malayalam Movie actor Kochu Preman lives in Valiyavila . Malayalam playback singer Najeem Arshad is also from Valiyavila . Noted actress Mahalakshmi is also from Valiyavila .
References
External links
Wikimapia
Suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram
Paul Spencer Byard ( August 30 , 1939 – July 15 , 2008 ) was a lawyer and an architect . He was born in New York to Dever Spencer Byard , a lawyer and Margaret Mather Byard , a teacher of English Literature at Columbia University . Byard graduated from Milton Academy in Massachusetts in 1957 , from Yale College in 1961 and went on to receive degrees from Clare College , Cambridge , Harvard Law School , and from Columbia University 's Graduate School of Architecture .
Law career
In 1966 , having completed law school , Byard joined the law firm of Winthrop & Stimson , where he remained for three years . He also acted as general counsel to the Roosevelt Island Development Corporation and as an associate counsel to the New York State Urban Development Corporation . Combining law with architecture , Byard supported the legal defense of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Law .
Architecture career
In 1977 , Byard received an architectural degree from the Graduate School of Architecture and Planning at Columbia University , after which he joined James Stewart Polshek & Associates in 1977 . In 1981 , he was made a partner in the firm . In 1989 , Byard joined Charles A. Platt Partners ( later known as Platt Byard Dovell White ) .
While working as an architect , Byard was involved in the renovations of Carnegie Hall , the old Custom House on Bowling Green , the State Supreme Court 's Appellate Division Courthouse on Madison Square , the Cooper Union Foundation Building , and the Villard Houses . He also helped to design the New 42nd Street Studios , the Channel 57 building , and a mausoleum and columbarium at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn , all of which were of contemporary design . Byard was highly involved in the Architectural League of New York and served as president from 1989 to 1994 .
While working as an architect , Byard wrote The Architecture of Additions : Design and Regulation ( W.W. Norton , 1998 ) , in which he discusses the renovations of many historic buildings and exhibits his knowledge of blending old and new styles of architecture . At the time of his death , Byard was working on a book to be entitled Why Save This Building ? The Public Interest in Architectural Meaning .
In keeping with his architectural interests , Byard directed the historic preservation program at Columbia for ten years until his death . He also developed a third-year studio and workshop for architecture and preservation students .
Personal life and death
Byard married Rosalie Starr Warren in 1965 and had two children . He lived in Prospect Heights , Brooklyn , where he died on July 15 , 2008 , of cancer .
See also
Architectural League of New York
References
1939 births
2008 deaths
Harvard Law School alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Architecture , Planning and Preservation alumni
Yale College alumni
20th-century American architects
Deaths from cancer in New York ( state )
People from Prospect Heights , Brooklyn
Antoine of Vaudémont ( – 22 March 1458 ) was Count of Vaudémont and Sieur de Joinville from 1418 to 1458 . By marriage , he was also Count of Harcourt , Count of Aumale , and Baron of Elbeuf from 1452 to 1458 .
Life
His uncle Charles II , Duke of Lorraine had only daughters . Antoine did not conceal his wish to inherit the Duchy of Lorraine , and quarrelled with Charles . Charles attacked Antoine , but Antoine had Philip the Good of Burgundy as an ally .
After Charles II died in 1431 , Antoine attacked the new Duke , René of Anjou , defeating and capturing him at the Battle of Bulgnéville , on 1 July 1431 . A decade of negotiation followed , since Sigismund , Holy Roman Emperor was unwilling to recognise Antoine as Duke , pronouncing for René in 1434 .
Ultimately , Antoine gave up his claim on the Duchy of Lorraine , by a treaty of 27 March 1441 . In return , Antoine 's County of Vaudémont was recognised as independent , and his son Frederick bethrothed to the Duke 's daughter Yolande of Lorraine . The dynastic consequence was that Antoine 's grandson became Duke .
Antoine also took part in several local armed conflicts .
Family
He was the son of Frederick I of Lorraine , Count of Vaudémont and Margaret of Joinville .
He married Marie of Harcourt ( 1398–1476 ) , on 12 August 1416 . She was Countess of Harcourt , and of Aumale , and Baroness of Elbeuf . Her father was John VII of Harcourt , Count of Harcourt and Aumale , and her mother was Marie of Alençon . Their children were :
Frederick II of Lorraine-Vaudémont ( 1428–1470 ) , Count of Vaudémont and sire of Joinville .
John of Lorraine-Vaudémont ( died 1473 ) , Count of Harcourt and Aumale , as well as Baron of Elbeuf .
Henri of Lorraine-Vaudémont ( died 1505 ) , Bishop of Thérouanne ( 1447–1484 ) , and then Bishop of Metz ( 1484–1505 ) .
Marie of Lorraine-Vaudémont ( died 1455 ) , who married in 1450 , Alain IX of Rohan ( died 1462 ) .
Marguerite of Lorraine-Vaudémont , Dame d'Aarschot ( died before 1474 ) , married in 1432 , Antoine I de Croÿ , Count of Porcéan .
Notes
External links
At thepeerage.com
1400s births
Year of birth uncertain
Place of birth unknown
1458 deaths
Place of death unknown
Counts of Vaudémont
Barons of Elbeuf
House of Vaudémont
Goals in the Air is a 1972 children 's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle .
Plot summary
The book tells the story of Kenny Rider a young striker who plays for fictitious Second Division team Marton Rangers . Kenny manages to break into the first team at the age of sixteen and attracts a lot of attention and some jealousy for his talent and goalscoring ability . Unfortunately , off the field Kenny has to contend with a range of problems including an apathetic girlfriend and an actively hostile father . Whilst many of Hardcastle 's other books see their protagonists triumph over adversity , the end of this short novel sees Kenny continuing to struggle with the many pressures of top class football .
References
1972 British novels
British children 's novels
Novels about association football
Heinemann ( publisher ) books
1972 children 's books
Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom was an interactive game found in the Magic Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida . The premise of the game is that Hades is trying to take over the Magic Kingdom and Merlin is recruiting park guests as new apprentices . The player , in the position of new apprentice sorcerers helps Merlin the Magician thwart Hades ' plan by attacking notorious Disney villains that can be found throughout the park 's themed lands ( except Tomorrowland ) by using special spell cards .
On January 7 , 2021 , it was announced that the game would be shut down as a result of `` changes in guest use of mobile technology '' and a general decline in interest , with the game 's final day being set for January 24 .
Story
Having grown tired of the dreary scenery in the Underworld , Hades decides to make the Magic Kingdom his new summer home ; however , Merlin would be able to easily repel an invasion with the power of his magic crystal . In an attempt to outwit Merlin , Hades sends Pain and Panic to steal the crystal , but their bumbling leads to the crystal being shattered into eight pieces that scatter to each area of the Magic Kingdom . Merlin recruits the player to help him find the pieces of his crystal , giving them magical cards with the Sorcerer 's Crest on them ; the crest itself is used when specifically needed .
Needing help himself , Hades revives Ursula , Maleficent , Scar and Dr. Facilier , promising them second lives in exchange for a crystal fragment . The two witches have schemes of their own to usurp power . Posing as Boss Teal - Underworld Crime Boss , Lord Indigo of the East Underworld Trading company , Prince Azure , Yama , the god of the dead , and Lazuli , god of the underworld , Hades also promises Cruella , Ratcliffe and Yzma something they each want in exchange for help ; the 99 puppies , Pocahontas ' land , and to be empress of Adventureland respectively . Under the alias and disguise `` Prince Azure '' , Hades also forces genie Jafar into helping . Though he meant to guide the player throughout the kingdom , Merlin forced to fight off Hades ' lesser pawns that are trying to invade . Therefore , the player 's guidance comes from a foe of each villain : Sebastian , Merryweather , Rafiki , Mama Odie , Pongo , Pocahontas , Kuzco , and Genie .
When all the villains are defeated , the magic crystal is restored . However , Hades is n't one to give up ; he sends in Chernabog - his `` Number 1 Guy '' . Unfortunately , it was only a distraction to let Pain and Panic try stealing the crystal again ; they predictably fail . Deciding to use brute force , Hades amasses his army of the dead , which is led by the other villains . Through Merlin 's guidance , the player uses the magic of the Sorcerer 's Crest to seal Hades and the villains inside the mystic crystal . The crystal is then returned to Merlin 's study . Inside the crystal , Hades is left to wonder what went wrong with his plans .
Gameplay
There is no additional charge to play the game , unless players opt to buy cards or the card binder at the Emporium or the Frontier Trading Post . Players begin by going to the Fire Station on Main Street USA to get the game set up and linked to a magic band or entry key . Once linked , players must keep their original band or card in order to save their progress .
First-time players are given a thorough run-through of the game at the Fire Station . There was formerly a card distribution location behind the Christmas shop in Liberty Square , but this location has since closed .
Once set up , players will be given a set of cards and a map , and be told where to begin . The game is played at portals marked on the map in Main Street , Adventureland , Frontierland/Liberty Square , and Fantasyland . Tomorrowland does not have any portals . Each land with portals has five , though construction can limit this number .
Players activate a portal by placing their key ( band/card ) next to the keyhole . Once activated , an animation will play and players will follow the story from there . The animation is captioned , so hearing-impaired guests can play . Players 'fight ' the villains by showing their spell cards when prompted to 'Cast your Spell ' . Some interactions require the use of 'Sorcerer 's Crest ' , which is on the back of the card . There are cameras in the wall by the animation screens that read the cards as they are presented . Lighting and angle/distance can affect the read , which can cause an unexpected mechanical level of difficulty . Regardless of the outcome of the 'fight ' , at the conclusion , players will be directed to another location symbol which matches a location on the map . If players travel to the wrong portal , the portal will notify them and re-display the correct location of the portal .
There are ten main villains and additional associated henchmen . Each have strengths and weaknesses based on the type of cards used .
There are three levels of difficulty : easy , medium , and hard . Easy and Medium follow the strength and weakness listing , but as of 2013 , Hard was changed to a random strength and weakness per villain
There is no time limit , and the game can be played during peak ride-wait times or as a specific activity .
Special Edition Cards
During Mickey 's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party and Mickey 's Very Merry Christmas Party , all guests attending are eligible to receive a complimentary special edition holiday-themed card . Only one is allowed per guest and they can be picked up at the Fire Station in Town Square .
Cards
The Spell Cards in the game are divided into nine different spell classes : Toy , Machine , Animal , Fairy , Hero , Princess , Warrior , Monster , and Mystic , along with seven different types of attacks : Charming , Energy , Gross , Quick , Strong , Flying , and Wishful .
A card 's rarity is classified by the symbol in the bottom left corner , right above the number out of 70 . A Planet means that the card is common , a Crescent Moon means it is uncommon , a Star means it is rare and a Lightning Bolt means it is ultra rare .
Cards 61-70 started to be re-distributed via booster packs beginning in August 2012 . These booster packs feature seven cards , tokens , and one of four gameboards for a home version of the game .
Also , beginning with the 2012 Mickey 's Not-So-Scary Halloween and Very Merry Christmas parties , special limited edition spell cards exclusive to those events started to be produced .
References
Magic Kingdom
Walt Disney World
Amusement park attractions introduced in 2012
Amusement park attractions that closed in 2021
Joseph Chongo ( born 25 January 1965 ) is a Zambian boxer . He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics , 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1965 births
Living people
Zambian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Zambia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Bantamweight boxers
Giv'at Ze'ev ( ) is an urban Israeli settlement in the West Bank , five kilometers northwest of Jerusalem . The town was founded in 1977 on the site of the abandoned Jordanian military camp , adjacent to the site of ancient Gibeon . While it lies within the borders of the Matte Binyamin Regional Council , it is a separate municipal entity . In it had a population of .
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law , but the Israeli government disputes this .
Description
According to the Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem , Israel has confiscated land from three nearby Palestinian villages in order to construct Giv'at Ze'ev :
2,246 dunams from Al Jib ,
30 dunams from Beit Duqqu ,
9 dunums from Beit Ijza ,
1,036 dunams from Beitunia , for Giv'at Ze'ev and Beit Horon .
It was named after Ze'ev Jabotinsky , and declared a local council in 1983 . Palestinians contend that under the expropriation maps contained in military orders , the road connecting it to Jerusalem , though ostensibly designed to `` facilitate Palestinian movement '' , actually would confiscate 15 square kilometers of prime agricultural land , on which the livelihoods of 24,000 Palestinians depend on order to enable the programmed development of this settlement bloc .
In 1996 a program of expansion with new housing units and an envisaged 20,000 new settlers was approved , to be constructed on land confiscated from the Palestinian villages of Beitunia , Biddu , and Jib , in what Palestinians call Wadi Salman , but which the Israelis have renamed Ha'ayalot valley . Twice in successive years further areas amounting to 250 acres were confiscated from Beitunia and Jib to build an additional 11,550 units . On March 9 , 2008 , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert approved the construction of 750 new homes in Giv'at Ze'ev under the Agan Ha'ayalot project . This approval stands in contrast to Olmert 's policy of freezing new permits for expansion within existing settlements . Olmert argued that the project was first approved in 1999 , but stopped in 2000 , as a result of the Second Intifada . The approval was criticized by the Palestinian Authority , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , and the European Union . On the political right , the Shas party took credit for pressuring Olmert to approve the project .
Both the Ayelet HaShahar synagogue and yeshiva built on private Palestinian land owned by the Allatif family of the nearby Palestinian township of Jib , are slated to be demolished by March 2014 , after the prosecutor 's office determined that the putative documents of land purchase were forgeries .
Giv'at Ze'ev has four elementary schools and one junior high school . There are two youth movement branches : the Israeli Scouts ( Arava tribe ) and Bnei Akiva .
Location
It is located just off Highway 443 , affording easy access to both Jerusalem and the Tel Aviv area . It is connected to Jerusalem by Egged Ta'avura bus routes 131 , 132 , 133 , 134 and to Tel Aviv by Egged bus number 471 .
The loop circling Giv'at Ze'ev effectively annexes over 18 square miles of Palestinian land . The town is patrolled by Mishmeret Ha'gvul and a local security force , and is secured by a security fence . Plans are underway to set a guard post near the entrance to route 443 ( currently , the road is closed off by a security fence ) .
Religious life
The religious population in mixed and includes Chardal , Dati Leumi , Charedi and Secular . There are about 20 orthodox synagogues in the town , with more expected to be built as the community expands .
Giv'at Ze'ev is the center of the Karlin-Stolin Chasidim and one of the town 's most notable residents is the Stoliner Rebbe Boruch Yaakov Meir Shochet . There is also a Chabad Lubavitch community there as well .
Ramat Givat Zeev
Ramat Givat Zeev is a new section that was being developed in 2013 . The 400 housing units include both single-family houses and multi-family apartment buildings . The development is being marketed towards English-speaking religious Jews making Aliyah to Israel .
References
External links
Givat Zeev Municipality
Nefesh B'Nefesh Community Guide for Giv'at Ze'ev , Israel .
Current weather in Givat Zeev ( local weather station )
Chabad of Giv'at Ze'ev
Israeli settlements in the West Bank
Local councils in Israel
Mixed Israeli settlements
Populated places established in 1977
1977 establishments in the Israeli Military Governorate
Gibeon ( ancient city )
The Renewal Party ( in Spanish : Partido Renovador , PREN ) was a Panamanian right liberal political party .
The Renewal Party was founded in 1947 by one of the Liberal Unification factions .
In 1946 five liberal parties have allied within the Liberal Unification . Its five original parties were the Liberal Doctrinaire Party ( led by Domingo Díaz Arosemena ) , Liberal Democratic Party ( under Enrique Adolfo Jiménez ) , Liberal Renewal Party ( under Francisco Arias Paredes ) , Chiarista Liberal Party ( under Roberto Francisco Chiari Remón ) and United Liberal Party ( founded by died ex-President Belisario Porras Barahona ) .
After the 1947 Liberal Unification nominating convention , one of the Liberal Renovador factions withdrew from the Liberal Unification when their candidate failed to get the nomination and became the Renewal Party .
For the 1948 elections , the PREN presented its presidential candidate , José Joaquin Vallarino . At the beginning of 1948 José Joaquin Vallarino withdrew from the presidential race and the PREN and National Revolutionary Party ( PNR ) formed a coalition to back José Isaac Fábrega of the PNR .
José Isaac Fábrega polled 41,296 votes ( 20.82 % ) and came third .
The PREN won 7 legislative seats .
In 1952 the PREN joined the Liberal Party “ del Matadero ” , National Revolutionary Party , Authentic Revolutionary Party and Popular Union Party to form the National Patriotic Coalition ( CPN ) to support the presidential aspirations of Colonel José Antonio Remón Cantera , head of the National Police .
Ricardo Arias , a leader of the PREN and son of Francisco Arias Paredes became Second Vice-President to José Antonio Remón Cantera and taking over the presidency following Remon 's assassination .
In 1953 the National Patriotic Coalition was reorganized as a single party .
Remon conceived of the CPN as a system whereby political power was wielded by one faction of the official party and then another .
Following Remon 's assassination in 1955 , the former PREN faction under Ricardo Arias guided the CPN , but when Ernesto de la Guardia was elected president in 1956 , he lured the Liberal Democrat faction away from the National Liberal Party ( PLN ) and gave it dominance in the CPN .
De la Guardia abetted friction among the parties in the official coalition .
In 1959 the former PREN faction left the CPN and registered as separate political party , Renewal Party .
In 1960 PREN allied with the Popular Alliance ( AP ) and its candidate Víctor Florencio Goytía of National Liberal Party ( PLN ) . PREN polled 8,004 votes ( 03.31 % ) and won 1 legislative seat .
In 1964 PREN allied with the National Opposition Alliance ( ANO ) and its candidate Juan de Arco Galindo of National Patriotic Coalition ( CPN ) . PREN polled only 4,218 votes ( 01.33 % ) and won 1 legislative seat .
The PREN was abolished by the Electoral Tribunal in 1964 .
References
1947 establishments in Panama
Defunct political parties in Panama
Political parties established in 1947
Bailen may refer to :
People
Nick Bailen ( born 1989 ) , American-Belarusian ice hockey defensemen
Places
Bailén , a town in Jaén , Spain
Bailén ( Vino de la Tierra ) , a Spanish geographical indication for Vino de la Tierra wines located in the autonomous region of Andalusia
General Emilio Aguinaldo , Cavite , a municipality in the Philippines , which was formerly and still commonly known as Bailen
Bailén ( Metrovalencia ) , a metro station in Valencia
Other
Bailen ( band ) , American rock band
Battle of Bailén of 1808
See also
Bailén-Miraflores , one of the 11 districts of the city of Málaga , Spain
Peter Frederick Chalke CBE ( born 1944 ) is a businessman and Conservative politician in England .
Chalke was twice Leader of Wiltshire County Council , standing down the second time in 2003 to become national leader of the Conservatives in the Local Government Association , and was also a member of the Standards Board for England .
Career
Born in Salisbury , Wiltshire , in 1944 , Chalke was educated at Chafyn Grove School and joined the family business , W. M. Chalke and Sons , of South Newton , timber merchants , of which he became head . He was first elected to Wiltshire County Council in 1982 . In 1986 he became leader of the Conservative group and went on to lead the county council . When his party lost control , Chalke remained as leader of the Wiltshire Conservative group , and again became Leader of the county council in 1998 , when taking back control the year after the election of the first Blair government . In the Local Government Association of England and Wales ( LGA ) he was elected as deputy leader of the Conservative Group and was his party 's spokesman on education .
In April 1999 , as Leader of Wiltshire County Council , Chalke was quoted in The Times on the need to do something to help refugees from the war in Kosovo . He suggested that army bases in Wiltshire at Rollestone , Knook , and Westdown near Shrewton , could be made available and commented `` We have a responsibility to do something to help and will be looking at whatever other accommodation
there is available . ''
In 2002 , Chalke chaired a Conservative Party working group which drew up a plan for the next Conservative government to free schools from the control of failing councils , and this received the full support of the Shadow Cabinet of Iain Duncan Smith . In publishing its policy proposals in January 2003 , Chalke commented : `` Those authorities , riven by mismanagement , that are clearly failing their schools and pupils will be stripped of their powers , allowing schools to break free from the straitjacket of a failing authority . `` .
In July 2003 , Chalke was appointed to lead the LGA Conservative Group and was elected as Deputy Chairman of the LGA , so announced his resignation as Leader of the County Council . He then lived in London for two years .
On standing down , Chalke commented that the high point of his time in office in Wiltshire had been the recent success of a campaign for the Government to give Wiltshire area cost adjustment status , as a result of which it had gained millions of pounds a year in higher Government grants . His greatest disappointment was that the new Wiltshire and Swindon History Centre would not be based in Devizes .
In Wiltshire , Chalke was succeeded by Jane Scott . She commented some years later that her style of leadership was quite different to the `` very traditional and old-fashioned way '' that Chalke had run the county .
Chalke was also a board member of the Standards Board for England , retiring in 2006 , and Honorary Secretary of the British Wood Turners Association for many years . He continues in business as a director of Brooklet Developments and ACC Properties Ltd .
Personal life
In 1966 , Chalke married Anne Rhind-Tutt , a member of a long-established Wiltshire family . They had two children and four grandchildren and celebrated their golden wedding anniversary in 2016 , when they were living in Stapleford .
Honours
In the 1996 New Year Honours , Chalke was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for political and public services .
Notes
1944 births
Living people
Councillors in South West England
Conservative Party ( UK ) councillors
Members of Wiltshire County Council
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Chafyn Grove School
People from Salisbury
Leaders of local authorities of England
Political subjectivity is a term used to indicate the deeply embedded nature of subjectivity and subjective experience in a socially constructed system of power and meaning . The notion of political subjectivity is an emerging idea in social sciences and humanities . In some sense the term political subjectivity reflects the converging point of a number of traditionally distinct disciplinary lines of investigation , such as philosophy , anthropology , political theory , and psychoanalytic theory . Above all , the current conceptualization of political subjectivity has become possible due to a fundamental shift in humanities and social sciences during the 20th century , commonly known as the linguistic turn .
Major figures associated with the question of political subjectivity come from diverse disciplinary backgrounds , such as German philosopher GWF Hegel , French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan , French historian Michel Foucault , American literary critic Fredric Jameson , American cultural anthropologist Clifford Geertz , American medical anthropologist Byron J . Good , American philosopher and gender theorist Judith Butler , Canadian medical anthropologist Sadeq Rahimi , Argentine political theorist Ernesto Laclau , Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek , Greek political theorist Yannis Stavrakakis , and many others .
The term `` political subjectivity '' had been used in earlier literature , such as Steven Brown 's book , Political subjectivity : Applications of Q methodology in political science to refer to individual political view points as affected by social and personal psychological processes . But the term was later re-appropriated to refer to the much more intricate idea that the very experience of subjectivity is fundamentally political . According to Sadeq Rahimi in Meaning , Madness and Political Subjectivity , `` Politicality is not an added aspect of the subject , but indeed the mode of being of the subject , that is , precisely what the subject is . ''
An early ( 1981 ) book by Fredric Jameson , The Political Unconscious : Narrative as a Socially Symbolic Act , can be considered one of the forerunners of the notion of political subjectivity . In his book Jameson attributed what he termed a `` political unconscious '' to text , asserting that all text has embedded in it , albeit in an implicit form , the encodings of the political history of the environment in which they have been produced . He then proposed “ the doctrine of a political unconscious , ” as an analytic method for unearthing the hermeneutically repressed political memories of text , and “ restoring to the surface of the text the repressed and buried reality of this fundamental history ” ( p. 20 ) . While Jameson 's original theory of the political unconscious was primarily a neo-Marxist approach to literary criticism , later proliferation and interdisciplinary cross-fertilization of theories of subjectivity have greatly expanded Jameson 's original ideas to include the range of political , cultural and psychological processes within the framework of political subjectivity .
See also
Subjectivity
Intersubjectivity
Phenomenology ( philosophy )
Phenomenology ( psychology )
Q methodology
Subject ( philosophy )
References
External links
Culture & Political Subjectivity workshop on anthropological approaches to political subjectivities
Political subjectivity and ( Jameson 's ) political unconscious
Political philosophy
Social constructionism
Phtheochroa rafalskii is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Durango , Mexico .
References
Moths described in 1997
Phtheochroa
The Best American Short Stories 2010 , a volume in The Best American Short Stories series , was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Richard Russo .
Short Stories included
Notes
External links
Best American Short Stories
2010 anthologies
Fiction anthologies
Short Stories 2010
Houghton Mifflin books
Salvia plectranthoides is an annual or biennial plant that is native to Guangxi , Guizhou , Hubei , Shaanxi , Sichuan , and Yunnan provinces in China , along with Bhutan and Sikkim in India . It is typically found growing on hillsides , along valley streams , and forests at elevation . S. plectranthoides grows on one to a few erect or ascending stems tall . Inflorescences are widely spaced verticillasters in elongated racemes or panicles , with a corolla that is red to purplish or purple-blue , rarely white , and .
Notes
plectranthoides
Flora of China
Chazabeh ( Persian : چذابه ) is a border terminal in Iran , located in Khuzestan province in south-western Iran . It is in the common border between Iran and Iraq , 95 km from Ahwaz , the center of Khuzestan . Chazabah can be regarded as an important border terminal that is especially an entry point in addition to the Shalamcheh border crossing for those ( e.g . pilgrims ) who intend to travel from Iran into Iraq ( Karbala , Najaf , etc . ) through Khuzestan .
Recently , Chazabeh has become a better-known border crossing due to its high activity , especially in the months Muharram and Safar when hundreds of thousands of Iranian and non-Iranian pilgrims choose this border crossing for their travel to Iraq and vice versa . For example , in just the first three weeks of the Arabic/Islamic month of Safar ( about Nov 2016 ) , more than 700.000 people used this border crossing for their travels .
Chazabeh had a significant role in the Iran–Iraq War . For instance , in the operation of Tange-Chazabeh , Saddam personally attended the area in order to recapture the city of Bostan , Iran , and the bloodiest scene of the war between Iran and Iraq happened in that area .
References
Iran–Iraq border crossings
The Michigan Ice was a pro softball team in Michigan .
The team was located in Midland , and plays its home games at Currie Stadium , located in Emerson Park , Michigan .
After playing partial seasons in the NPF for 2006 and 2007 with hopes of becoming an expansion team , the team folded in 2008 , citing financial difficulties .
References
Softball teams
Defunct softball teams in the United States
Defunct National Pro Fastpitch teams
2008 disestablishments in Michigan
Sport clubs disestablished in 2008
Defunct sports teams in Michigan
Midland , Michigan
Mr. T. W. Anthony Woo is a 1951 picture book written and illustrated by Marie Hall Ets . Normally enemies a cat , dog , and mouse team-up to rid their house of a woman and her parrot . The book was a recipient of a 1952 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations .
References
1951 children 's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Baron Aton is an abeyant title in the Peerage of England . It was created by Writ of summons to Parliament of Gilbert de Aton of Ayton ( now West Ayton ) , North Yorkshire on 30 December 1324 . It passed to his son William , but fell into abeyance upon the death of William without male heirs in 1373 .
Baron Aton ( 1324 )
By Writ
Gilbert de Aton , 1st Baron Aton ( d. 1342 )
William de Aton , 2nd Baron Aton ( d. 1373 ) , son and heir , married Isabel Percy , died 1373 , his son William died in his minority , thus the barony fell into abeyance between his daughters Elizabeth , Katherine , and Anastasia , upon the 2nd baron 's death .
Citations
References
1324 establishments in England
Baronies by writ
History of Yorkshire
Abeyant baronies in the Peerage of England
Noble titles created in 1324
Golden Wind may refer to
Golden Wind ( manga ) , the fifth part of the manga series JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure
JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : Golden Wind , an anime adaptation of the manga series
, a Hong Kong cargo ship in service during 1966
The Golden Wind , a historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp , 1969
See also
Golden Wind Zen Order , an American Zen Buddhist Order
Islam is the major religion which is practiced in Kashmir , with 97.16 % of the region 's population identified as Muslims , as of 2014 . The religion - Islam , came to the region with the arrival any of Muslim Sufis preachers from Central Asia and Persia , beginning in the early 14th century . The majority of Kashmiri Muslims are Sunni Muslims and Shias account for less than 10 % of Muslim Population . They refer to themselves as `` Koshur '' in their mother language . Non-Kashmiri Muslims in Kashmir include semi-nomadic cowherds and shepherds , belonging to the 𝙂𝙪𝙟𝙟𝙖𝙧𝙨 and Bakarwal communities .
Historical development
Early period of Islamic contact
During the 8th century , the Kingdom of Kashmir was subjected to several attacks aimed at its conquest . Several attempts to conquer Kashmir were made by the Arabs who had established themselves in Sindh ( 711-13 C.E ) , under the leadership of Muhammad bin Qasim . But Muhammad bin Qasim was recalled by the Umayyad Caliph to Damascus , thus averting the possible invasion . In the reign of Caliph Hisham ( 724-43 C.E ) , the Arabs again marched towards Kashmir under the leadership of ambitious and energetic leadership of the governor Junaid . Lalitaditya Muktapida ( 724–60 CE ) , the Raja ( ruler ) of Kashmir , defeated Junaid and overran his kingdom . However , this victory was not decisive as further attempts to invade were made by the Arabs , but Lalitaditya was able to stem the tide of these advances . A last attempt at the invasion of the Kashmir Kingdom was made by Hisham ibn 'Amr al-Taghlibi , the Governor of Sindh , appointed by Caliph Mansur ( 754-75 C.E ) . Though he reached as far as the southern slopes of the Himalayas , which were a part of the Kashmir Kingdom , he failed to enter and occupy the valley .
After the Arabs , it was the Ghaznavids who attempted to conquer Kashmir . Mahmud of Ghazni , defeated Raja Jaipal ( 1002 C.E ) , the ruler of Waihand ( near Peshawar , in modern-day Pakistan ) .Anandpal , the son and successor of Jaipal , also suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of Mahmud in 1009 C.E. , and died a few years later . Anandpal 's son Trilochanpala , whose power of influence was now confined only to the Salt Range , appealed to Samgrāmarāja ( 1003-28 C.E ) , the king of Kashmir , for help against Mahmud . A large army contingent was sent by Samgramaraja , who joined Trilochanpala 's forces , however their combined forces were defeated by Mahmud in 1014 C.E . Mahmud advanced towards Kashmir and tried entering the kingdom via the Toshamaidan Pass . His progress was checked by the strong Loharkot Fort , which he besieged for a month . Owing to the heavy snowfall , which cut off Mahmud 's communications , he was compelled to retreat . However , the Sultan again set out to invade Kashmir in September–October , 1021 C.E , but was again compelled to retreat due to bad weather conditions .
Establishment of Muslim rule and conversion to Islam
After Sultan Mahmud 's attempted conquests , Kashmir remained generally unaffected by invasions that were aimed at the plains of India , up until 1320 C.E . The Loharas ( 1003-1320 C.E . ) ruled during this period , and was the last of the Hindu dynasties of Kashmir . In the spring of 1320 , a Mongol chieftain by the name of Zulju , invaded Kashmir via the Jhelum Valley route . Suhadeva ( 1301–20 C.E ) , last ruler of the Loharas , tried to organise resistance , but failed due to his unpopularity among the masses . The reason for this unpopularity was financial exaction and general misrule that prevailed during the end period of the Lohara Dynasty . Zulju 's invasion created havoc and Suhadeva fled to Kistwar . Rinchana , son of a Ladakhi chief , who was employed by Ramachandra ( Prime Minister of Kashmir ) to establish law and order , took advantage of the chaos . He got Ramachandra murdered , occupied the Kashmir throne by the end of the year 1320 , and ruled until his death in 1323 C.E . In order to gain acceptance of Kashmiris , he married Kota Rani , the daughter of Ramachandra , and made Rawanchandra ( Ramachandra 's son ) his commander-in-chief .
Rinchan converted to Islam after coming into contact with Sayyid Sharfudin , a Sufi preacher commonly known as Bulbul Shah , who had come to Kashmir during the reign of Suhadeva . He changed his name to Sultan Sardarudin Shah after converting to Islam and thus became the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir . Following the conversion of Rinchan , his commander in chief also became Muslim . The royal patronage for Islam won it new converts and according to one source , many Kashmiris embraced the creed of Bulbul Shah .
The period after Sultan Sardarudin 's death was marked by chaos and power tussle . Udayanadeva , the brother of Suhadeva , was made the ruler after an agreement among the nobles . However , he proved to be incompetent , and it was Kota Rani who was the virtual ruler . Soon after Udayanadeva 's accession , a foreign chieftain attacked Kashmir , but the invaders were successfully repelled and defeated . However , the administration again fell into chaos . Udayanadeva had fled the country in sight of the attack , and lost his prestige in the eyes of the nobles . He died in the year 1338 C.E , and Kota Rani ascended the throne . But , Shah Mir , a nobleman employed earlier by Suhadeva , had other ambitions . A period of battle ensued between him and Kota Rani , and in 1339 C.E , Shah Mir captured the throne .
The Shahmiri Dynasty ( 1339- 1561 C.E ) , founded by Sultan Shah Mir , ruled Kashmir for the next 222 years . Various Sufi saints including Bulbul Shah , Shah e Hamdan , Nund Rishi popularised Islam in the valley through their moderate Sufi ideologies .
Reign of Sikander Shah
Sikandar is hold to have harbored in the Islamisation of elite politics , which set the path for a largely irreversible change in post-Sikandar Kashmir .
His reign terminated the long-standing syncretic and tolerant culture of Kashmir , and in its rigorous abidance by Sharia , severely oppressed the Kashmiri Hindu population . Music , dance , gambling , intoxicants etc were prohibited and the office of Shaikhu ' l-Islam was established to enforce these rules . Brahmans were forcibly converted , Hindu and Buddhist shrines of worship were destroyed , Sanskrit literature were purged , Jizya was imposed for those who objected to the abolition of hereditary varnas , and caste marks were prohibited .
Motivations and Analysis
Upon a literary reading of Rajatarangini , Sikandar 's zeal behind the Islamisation of society is attributable to a Sufi preacher Mir Muhammad Hamadani ( 𝙍.𝘼 ) who arrived in the region from Huttalàn ( present-day Tajikistan ) and stayed for about 12 years during his term , advocating for the creation of a monolithic society based on Islam as the common denominator . Sikandar 's counsel , a neo-Brahman-convert , Suhabhatta ( var . Saifuddin ) is held to have played the guiding role in the execution of those exclusionary orthodox policies by `` instigating '' the Sultan . Baharistan-i-shahi as well as Tohfatu ' l-Ahbab deemed Sikandar as the noblest ruler , who cleaned Kashmir of all heretics and infidels on Hamadani 's influence .
Chitralekha Zutshi , Richard G. Salomon and others however reject that there were purely religious motives behind Sikandar 's actions and calls for a nuanced contextual reading of Rajatarangini , in that it was commissioned by his successor , wishing to bring back the Brahminical elite into the royal fold and ( simultaneously ) strove to establish Sanskrit as an integral part of the vernacularizing world of the cosmopolitan Sultanate . Sikandar 's policies were guided by realpolitik and , like with the previous Hindu rulers , essentially an attempt to secure political legitimacy by asserting state-power over Brahmans and gaining access to wealth controlled by Brahminical institutions . Walter Slaje disagrees , in part , given the differential rituals of destruction undertaken by Hindu and Muslim kings with the latter specifically rendering sites inoperable for long passage of time by massive pollution or outright conversion but he concludes that the fierce opposition of Hindus to Muslim rulers ( including Sikandar ) primarily stemmed from their aversion to the slow disintegration of caste-society under Islamic influence .
Fringe revisionist scholars reject the narratives of persecution all-together , and allege the `` Brahman '' chroniclers of wanton bias as well as myth-making , stemming from their personal jealousy at losing socioeconomic dominance .
Notes
References
Further reading
.
History of Islam
Kashmiri culture
Stawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Richard Louis Garbe ( 26 October 1876 – 28 July 1957 ) was a British sculptor .
Richard Louis Garbe was born in Dalston , London , on 26 October 1876 , with a twin Franz Paul Garbe ( 1876–1954 ) . He had been christened Louis Richard , but was known as Richard . His father was Gustave Garbe ( 1850–1919 ) , a Prussian ivory carver . Richard studied at the Central School of Arts and Crafts as well as learning his father 's trade . In 1892 and 1893 he was awarded prizes for his wood carvings by the Turners Company at their annual exhibition at the Mansion House .
He taught at Central School of Arts and Crafts ( 1899–1929 ) and was also Head of Sculpture at the Royal College of Art ( 1926–1946 ) . He was elected an Academician at the Royal Academy of Arts in 1929 and full Academician in 1936 . He exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition from 1898 to 1957 . In 1929 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal British Society of Sculptors , while in 1938 he was elected as the Master of the Art Workers ' Guild .
His work is in many major collections , including the Tate . In the 1930s he produced ceramic sculptures for Royal Doulton .
Some of his major architectural work was Medieval Age and Modern Age for National Museum Cardiff , and in London his sculptures are on Five Kings House ( formerly Thames House ) by Southwark Bridge .
In 1908 he married Gertrude Julia Sabey ( 1879-1966 ) in Barnet . He had lived in Hornchurch and died on 28 July 1957 at Milton Way House , Westcott , Surrey , where he had lived from about 1933 .
Works Exhibited at the Royal Academy
References
1876 births
1957 deaths
20th-century British sculptors
British architectural sculptors
English male sculptors
People from Dalston
Royal Academicians
Sculptors from London
Masters of the Art Worker 's Guild
Robin Shackleford ( born October 30 , 1970 ) is an American politician who has served in the Indiana House of Representatives from the 98th district since 2012 .
References
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
African-American state legislators in Indiana
African-American women in politics
Politicians from Indianapolis
Women state legislators in Indiana
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage as described in the UNESCO World Heritage Convention , established in 1972 . Cultural heritage consists of monuments ( such as architectural works , monumental sculptures , or inscriptions ) , groups of buildings , and sites ( including archaeological sites ) . Natural features ( consisting of physical and biological formations ) , geological and physiographical formations ( including habitats of threatened species of animals and plants ) , and natural sites which are important from the point of view of science , conservation or natural beauty , are defined as natural heritage . Hungary accepted the convention on 15 July 1985 , making its historical sites eligible for inclusion on the list .
, there are eight World Heritage Sites in Hungary , seven of which are cultural sites and one , the Caves of Aggtelek Karst and Slovak Karst , is a natural site . The first two sites in Hungary were added to the list at the 11th Session of the World Heritage Committee , held in Paris , France in 1987 . One of these two sites was the village of Hollókő , the other was Budapest , the Banks of the Danube with the district of Buda Castle ( the latter site was expanded in 2002 ) . The most recent site added to the list is the Tokaj Wine Region Historic Cultural Landscape , listed in 2002 . In 2003 , all eight sites were renamed to the current names listed below . Two sites are transnational . Fertö / Neusiedlersee Cultural Landscape is shared with Austria and the Caves of Aggtelek Karst and Slovak Karst are shared with Slovakia . In addition , there are ten sites on Hungary 's tentative list .
World Heritage Sites
UNESCO lists sites under ten criteria ; each entry must meet at least one of the criteria . Criteria i through vi are cultural , whereas vii through x are natural .
Tentative list
In addition to sites inscribed on the World Heritage list , member states can maintain a list of tentative sites that they may consider for nomination . Nominations for the World Heritage list are only accepted if the site was previously listed on the tentative list . , Hungary recorded ten sites on its tentative list .
See also
Tourism in Hungary
References
External links
Hungarian National Commission for UNESCO
World Heritage Sites in Hungary
Hungary
World Heritage Sites
Spider Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada . It was established on June 18 , 1981 to protect the ecological integrity of the lake and to provide day use visitors with recreational facilities .
The park is located within the larger Mount Arrowsmith Biosphere Region .
References
Establishing order-in-council
Purpose Statement and Zoning Plan
External links
Regional District of Nanaimo
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1981
1981 establishments in British Columbia
Jovan Pavlović ( ; 22 October 1936 – 3 April 2014 ) was a Serbian Orthodox prelate who was the metropolitan bishop of Zagreb and Ljubljana of the Serbian Orthodox Church from 1982 until his death in 2014 . He was one of the most prominent individuals in Serbian community in Croatia during his lifetime .
Jovan was born in the village of Medinci in 1936 and died in the Sisters of Charity Hospital in Zagreb on 3 April 2014 . He was the highest representative of the Serbian Orthodox Church in Croatia for more than two decades .
Early life and education
Jovan was born in Medinci in 1936 . He finished elementary school in Medinci and secondary in Podravska Slatina . After he completed his seminary education at Rakovica Monastery he graduated from at University of Belgrade Faculty of Orthodox Theology in 1963 . Postgraduate studies he attended at several universities in West Germany . At the Evangelical Academy in Schleswig and Faculty of Theology of University of Kiel studies Evangelical theology . He studied Catholic theology at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich . During this period , he spent some time in Chevetogne Abbey in Belgium and St. Matthias ' Abbey and Niederaltaich Abbey in Germany .
Jovan worked as a professor in the Serbian Orthodox Seminary of Prizren and in Krka monastery . In 1967 , in Krka he became a monk and in 1969 a hierodeacon . In 1977 , he became bishop of Lepavina Monastery and Metropolitan of Zagreb in 1982 .
Metropolitan of Zagreb and Ljubljana ( 1982–2014 )
Between 1982 and 1992 Metropolitan Jovan was representative of Serbian Orthodox Church at World Council of Churches . He was member of Holy Synod of Serbian Orthodox Church in several mandates . Serbian Orthodox churches in Italy were also under his jurisdiction , from 1994 to 2011 .
Awards and recognition
Croatian Helsinki Committee Award for promotion of inter-religious dialogue and religious tolerance .
References
1936 births
2014 deaths
Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Croatian theologians
Eastern Orthodox theologians
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian theologians
University of Belgrade Faculty of Orthodox Theology alumni
University of Kiel alumni
The Milwaukee Secure Detention Facility is a state prison for men located in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . It is owned and operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections . The facility opened in October 2001 and holds 1,040 inmates at medium security . The building is located along Interstate 43 one block north of the Milwaukee County Courthouse .
A 350-stall parking garage is also part of the facility .
References
Prisons in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Milwaukee County , Wisconsin
2001 establishments in Wisconsin
Damian Cuesta ( born 13 June 1978 ) is a Cuban handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1978 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Cholula Hot Sauce is a brand of chili-based hot sauce , based in Stamford , Connecticut , manufactured in Chapala , Jalisco , Mexico , and licensed by José Cuervo . According to its manufacturers , Cholula hot sauce rates 1,000–2,000 on the Scoville scale though other sources measure it as being over three times as hot , at 3,600 Scoville units . The product is packaged in a glass bottle with a distinctive round wooden cap . Six varieties of Cholula are widely marketed in North America .
Brand name
The hot sauce is named after the 2,500-year-old city of Cholula , Puebla , the oldest still-inhabited city in Mexico . The name `` Cholula '' is derived from the Nahuatl toponym Chollollan , meaning `` the place of the retreat . ”
History
Cholula is licensed by Jose Cuervo , but was founded by the Harrison family , originally of Chapala , Jalisco . Prior to its acquisition , Cholula was produced for three generations in Chapala , used primarily as an ingredient in sangrita . Following expansion across the Mexican market , Cholula was first introduced to the United States in Austin , Texas in 1989 . During the 1990s , Cholula achieved distribution in supermarket chains throughout the American Southwest ; it is currently available nationwide , as well as in many Canadian and British supermarkets .
Cholula has attempted a number of brand extensions . In 1999 , a Cholula picante sauce was tested in Denver , Colorado and quickly removed from the market . Cholula 's line of dry seasonings , including Original , Chili Lime and Chili Roast Garlic , was discontinued in 2009 .
On December 11 , 2018 , buyout firm L Catterton agreed to acquire Cholula .
In October 2019 , The Cholula Food Company announced they would be moving their headquarters from New York City to Stamford , Connecticut .
The sale of the brand from L Catterton to McCormick & Company was announced on November 24 , 2020 , and completed six days later on November 30 .
Marketing
Six varieties of Cholula are widely marketed in North America , including Original , Chipotle , Chili Garlic , Chili Lime , Green Pepper , and Sweet Habanero . The product is most frequently retailed in 5-ounce glass bottles , although the original flavor is also available in 2-ounce and 12-ounce glass bottles , as well as 64-ounce plastic bottle , and 7-gram single-use condiment packets .
Cholula is marketed in the United States as The Flavorful Fire , sponsoring a variety of professional sporting venues and competitions . Cholula is served as the `` Official Hot Sauce '' in concessions at motorsports events including the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach and Coca-Cola 600 , as well as at all events held at the iconic Indianapolis Motor Speedway . Cholula has sponsored collegiate football and tailgating promotions at the Rose Bowl , Sun Devil Stadium and Huskies Stadium . The brand is also well established as a wintersports sponsor , partnering with snowboarding competitions including the Cholula Triple Air Show .
In March 2007 , Cholula embarked on a joint promotion with national pizza chain Papa John 's , offering complimentary hot sauce packets with every order .
In June 2010 , Cholula launched a print advertisement campaign designed by JWT Singapore under the slogan `` Rescue Food . ''
On The Franchise , Brian Wilson , relief pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers , named Cholula as one of the best hot sauces on the market .
Cholula is also one of the major sponsors for the Texas Rangers , New York Mets , Chicago Cubs , Cincinnati Reds , Washington Nationals , and Miami Marlins .
In 2018 , Cholula launched a new advertising campaign under the slogan , `` More than a hot sauce , inspiring your own mashups . '' Heavily promoted on YouTube , the promotion encourages buyers to blend Cholula with everyday condiments .
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic , when restaurants closed , the company released a bottle to boost sales . They also formed a deal with big fast-food chains for branded menu items .
Ingredients
Original Cholula sauce blends piquin peppers , arbol peppers and spices . The ingredient list on the product 's packaging is : water , peppers ( arbol and pequin ) , salt , vinegar , garlic powder , spices , and xanthan gum .
Nutrition information
Nutrition facts at 5 ml ( 1 tsp ) : calories 0.0 , protein 0.0 g , total carbohydrate 0.0 g , total fat 0.0 g , sodium 110 mg .
See also
Scoville heat scale
List of hot sauces
References
External links
Hot sauces
Brand name condiments
Mexican sauces
Companies based in Stamford , Connecticut
McCormick & Company brands
The English Partnership for Snooker and Billiards ( EPSB ) , established in the Summer of 2015 , describes itself as `` an umbrella organisation that aligns the interests of the affiliated bodies and creates projects to inspire and drive awareness of snooker and billiards . ''
It has been responsible for the governance of amateur snooker in England since June 2019 , when a resolution was passed by the English Association of Snooker and Billiards ( EASB ) to transfer its assets and operations to the EPSB . It organises tournaments including the English Amateur Championship .
The EPSB has four affiliated bodies :
World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association
World Billiards
World Disability Billiards and Snooker
World Women 's Snooker
The English Association of Snooker and Billiards was previously an affiliated organisation .
References
External links
EPSB Official Website
World Professional Billiards & Snooker Association ( WPBSA ) Official website
World Billiards Official website
World Disability Billiards & Snooker Official website
World Women 's Snooker Official website
Snooker governing bodies
Snooker in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Bristol
William `` Skippy '' Rohan ( July 5 , 1871 - January 8 , 1916 ) was a St. Louis gangster and an original member of Egan 's Rats .
Born as William J. Ruane , Rohan grew up in North St. Louis 's `` Kerry Patch '' neighborhood . As a young man , he found his way into many of the street gangs inhabiting his district . `` Skippy '' was known as a tough street fighter with nerves of steel . He did n't hesitate to attack police officers who attempted to stop him from committing crimes . Despite having a prominent chipped front tooth , Rohan was considered a ladies ' man . People often commented on his half-lidded eyelids , which gave him a perpetually sleepy expression . No matter how many times he was arrested and thrown in the City Workhouse , Skippy Rohan was known as the wildest crook in the Kerry Patch . In 1892 , two St. Louis detectives caught Rohan in a `` stick-up '' . Skippy drew his revolver and shot one before he could react . The other detective was pistol-whipped so hard his skull was fractured . Rohan was only caught when a uniformed patrolman happened upon the scene and shot Skippy in the leg .
By 1896 , Skippy Rohan was associated with the Ashley Street Gang ( the embryonic Egan 's Rats ) . Most of the Ashley Street boys were just sneak thieves at this time and were awed to be hooked up with a notorious crook like Skippy Rohan , who took a primary position in the fledgling gang . He grew especially close to gangster Tom Egan . On June 16 , 1897 , Skippy Rohan was accused of shooting and killing a saloonkeeper named Casper Biemfohr during a robbery gone bad . Skippy and his pals had been on a crime spree that week , and the police set out to find the young thug . Skippy took refuge in `` The Rookery '' , a large tenement at Fifteenth and O'Fallon streets that was crowded with refugees , criminals , and garbage . The cops finally surprised him in the alley behind 1218 Fifteenth Street . Skippy fought for his life , gouging , swinging , and biting . Even his girlfriend , Alice Parsons , tried to fight the police . Skippy was finally pistol-whipped unconscious and hauled off to jail .
Skippy 's sister Catherine was married to a low-level member of the Ashley Street Gang named Carl Lohrman , who idolized his wild brother-in-law . While Skippy was locked up in the city jail , he was convinced that Lohrman was responsible for his arrest . On August 9 , 1897 , Carl Lohrman was lured to a meeting at Snake Kinney 's saloon at Second and Carr with Tom Egan and John `` Guinea Mack '' McAuiliffe . As he left , Lohrman was stabbed to death at the corner of Sixth and Carr .
Despite the murder of the suspected snitch , Skippy Rohan made plans to avoid the hangman 's noose on his own . On August 30 , 1897 , Rohan escaped from the St. Louis Workhouse along with Buck O'Malley and `` Sport '' Heffernan . Rohan would later claim he bribed a jailer to gain access to materials that led to his break . After robbing a local saloon for funds , he and his fellow escapees fled to Chicago , where they were re-captured four months later . Skippy Rohan was ultimately acquitted of the murder of Casper Beimfohr on May 22 , 1898 . While he was sent to prison on unrelated robbery charges , Rohan declared that he had found the Lord and reformed .
Over the next decade , Skippy Rohan would be in and out of prisons across the United States . He is known to have served time in New York 's Sing Sing Prison . By 1914 , Rohan had returned to his home town of St. Louis a broken down old thief . Years of hard living and prison time had taken their toll and Skippy Rohan truly aspired to go straight . Rohan married and obtained a job as a shoeworker . While he was away , his old gang , the Egan 's Rats , had mushroomed into the most powerful criminal organization in the state of Missouri . His old pal , Tom Egan , was now looked upon as the crime boss of St. Louis . While Skippy frequently joined Egan for drinks at his saloon at Broadway and Carr streets , Rohan appears to have been serious about going legit . Skippy 's life , however , would be changed by a chance encounter .
As a condition of his parole , Skippy Rohan would check in with St. Louis detectives at their headquarters at the corner of Twelfth and Clark streets . As he left one of these sessions in December 1915 , Rohan ran into Egan gangster Harry `` Cherries '' Dunn , who mumbled a greeting and hurried away . It turned out that Dunn had visited the cops in order to offer to snitch on his fellow gang-mates in order to get his brother John sprung from an Illinois prison . As a result of this chance encounter , Cherries Dunn became paranoid that Tom Egan would find out about his disloyalty and kill him . As a result , Dunn was involved in at least two murders that month . It was later determined that his high-strung mental state resulted in him panicking and shooting in both cases . Skippy Rohan , now trying to live a normal life , was unfortunately oblivious to all this .
On the evening of January 7 , 1916 , Skippy Rohan and his friend August Hartmann attended a meeting for the shoemaker 's union they belonged to . Afterwards , Rohan suggested they go have a few drinks in the old neighborhood . At 12:30 that morning , the two were in Tom Egan 's saloon at Broadway and Carr . Even though it was a Friday night , the saloon was nearly empty . Egan 's joint was a well-known gangster roost . The pair stood at the bar talking with bartender John Laker when Cherries Dunn suddenly barged in . Dunn told Laker to set the house up with drinks ... except for Rohan . Skippy growled , `` What 's the matter with me ? '' To which Dunn sneered , `` Go on , you snitch ! '' . Rohan stepped away from the bar , but before he could speak Dunn shot him squarely on the nose . Another bullet struck Rohan in the heart before he collapsed to the floor .
While police suspected that Cherries Dunn had killed Skippy Rohan , they did n't charge him . It was later surmised that Dunn killed Rohan to keep him from revealing that he had been seen at the St. Louis police headquarters . Either way , Dunn was finished in the Egan 's Rats to begin with . It was a long-standing edict that no crimes were to be committed on the premises of Tom Egan 's saloon . After killing a man ( and longtime friend of the boss ) , Dunn was marked for death . Willie Egan managed to save Dunn 's life for the time being , until two of his men shot Cherries to death in a Pine Street lid club nine months later .
References
Further reading
Waugh , Daniel . Egan 's Rats : The Untold Story of the Gang that ruled Prohibition-era St. Louis Nashville : Cumberland House , 2007 .
1871 births
1916 deaths
American gangsters
Murdered American gangsters of Irish descent
Gangsters from St. Louis
Deaths by firearm in Missouri
People murdered in Missouri
This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for FC Dallas ( formerly known as Dallas Burn ) since the team 's first Major League Soccer season in 1996 . Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed ; players who appeared for the team in other competitions ( US Open Cup , CONCACAF Champions League , etc . ) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page .
A `` † '' denotes players who only appeared in a single match .
A
Kellyn Acosta
Abel Aguilar
Tesho Akindele
Lazo Alavanja
Eric Alexander
Arturo Álvarez
Damián Álvarez
Leonel Álvarez
Hamisi Amani-Dove
Chad Ashton
Eric Avila
B
Bradlee Baladez †
Michael Barrios
Brian Bates
Matt Behncke
Kyle Bekker
Jair Benítez
Colin Bonner †
Tenywa Bonseu
Paul Broome
Chris Brown †
Michael Burke
Ray Burse
Carl Bussey
C
Jeff Cassar
Fabián Castillo
Ronald Cerritos
Marvin Chávez
Ezequiel Cirigliano
Kenny Cooper
D. J. Countess
Coy Craft
Daniel Cruz
Jeff Cunningham
Ali Curtis
D
Eric Dade
Sergi Daniv
Aubrey David
Duilio Davino
Kyle Davies
Brad Davis
Julian de Guzman
Chad Deering
Michael Dellorusso
Denílson
Mauro Díaz
Mark Dodd
Brian Dunseth
E
Ted Eck
Edson Edward †
Gerell Elliott
Erick
Andrés Escobar
Rolando Escobar
Justin Evans
F
Richard Farrer
Raúl Fernández
David Ferreira
Maynor Figueroa
Jorge Flores
G
Maykel Galindo
Danny Garcia
Scott Garlick
Chris Gbandi
Getterson
Cory Gibbs
Jimmy Glenn
Gavin Glinton
Jesse Gonzalez
Clarence Goodson
Ariel Graziani
Hernán Grana
Carlos Gruezo
Bruno Guarda
Aaron Guillen
H
Jeremy Hall
Atiba Harris
Kevin Hartman
Eric Hassli
Peter Hattrup
Bryan Haynes
Matt Hedges
Daniel Hernández
Moises Hernandez
Ezra Hendrickson
Shaka Hislop
Ryan Hollingshead
I
Zak Ibsen
Ugo Ihemelu
Ricardo Iribarren
J
Jackson
Andrew Jacobson
Agustin Jara
George John
Eddie Johnson
Steve Jolley
Gabe Jones
Matt Jordan
Miles Joseph
K
Stephen Keel
Dan Kennedy
John Kerr , Jr .
Aleksey Korol
Jason Kreis
Luboš Kubík
L
Garth Lagerwey
Bryan Leyva
Carlos Lizarazo
Zach Loyd
Lawrence Lozzano
Peter Luccin
Rubén Luna
M
James Marcelin
Peri Marošević
Antonio Martínez
Joey Martinez
Ty Maurin
Josué Mayard
Dax McCarty
Michel
Roberto Miña
Adam Moffat
Drew Moor
Justin Moore
Lee Morrison
Steve Morrow
Richard Mulrooney
N
Adauto Neto
Toni Nhleko
Johann Noetzel †
Ramón Núñez
O
Ronnie O'Brien
Dominic Oduro
Percy Olivares
Juan Esteban Ortiz
Rene Ortiz
P
Óscar Pareja
Heath Pearce
Daniel Peinado
Ricardo Pepi
Luis Perea
Blas Pérez
Hernán Pertúz
Aaron Pitchkolan
Timo Pitter †
Brandon Pollard
Steve Purdy
Ed Puskarich
Q
Eric Quill
R
Milton Reyes
Bobby Rhine
Ricardinho
Pablo Ricchetti
Angel Rivillo †
André Rocha
Carlos Rodríguez
Esmundo Rodriguez
Jorge Rodríguez
Milton Rodríguez
Washington Rodriguez
Mauro Rosales
Carlos Ruiz
S
Darío Sala
Philip Salyer
Álvaro Sánchez
Hugo Sánchez
Mark Santel
Maicon Santos
Marcelo Saragosa
Juan Sastoque
Darren Sawatzky
Scott Sealy
Chris Seitz
Adrian Serioux
Brek Shea
Victor Sikora
Chris Snitko
Tom Soehn
Diego Soñora
Dan Stebbins
Jack Stewart
Jordan Stone
Ryan Suarez
Temoc Suarez
Alain Sutter
T
Carey Talley
David Texeira
Hendry Thomas
Shavar Thomas
Abe Thompson
Jason Thompson
Juan Toja
Jonathan Top
Daniel Torres
John Jairo Tréllez
Mickey Trotman
U
Victor Ulloa
Mandi Urbas
Maximiliano Urruti
V
Joselito Vaca
Simo Valakari
Dave van den Bergh
Greg Vanney
Ricardo Villar
W
David Wagenfuhr
Blake Wagner
Nick Walker †
Anthony Wallace
Bobby Warshaw
Dante Washington
Jamie Watson †
Je-Vaughn Watson
Wade Webber
Andrew Wiedeman
Chase Wileman
Kirk Wilson
Mark Wilson
London Woodberry
Y
Jason Yeisley
Alex Yi
Z
Alex Zendejas
Walker Zimmerman
References
Sources
Dallas
Association football player non-biographical articles
Leckhampstead is the name of more than one place . It is an Anglo-Saxon name , meaning 'homestead where leeks are grown ' .
In the United Kingdom :
Leckhampstead , Berkshire
Leckhampstead , Buckinghamshire
The Grove , also known as Loretto Rest , is a historic house located on Grove Court in Cold Spring , New York , United States . It was built as the estate of Frederick Lente , surgeon at the nearby West Point Foundry and later a founder of the American Academy of Medicine , in the mid-19th century . The Italian-villa design , popular at the time , was by the prominent architect Richard Upjohn . In 2008 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
A later renovation replaced its original roof with a mansard roof . After the Lente family sold it , it was purchased by the Roman Catholic Church and converted to a convent . That use ended in 1977 and it has remained vacant since then , suffering the effects of neglect and decay .
The surrounding land was subdivided and developed , eliminating much of Upjohn 's original landscaping . In the late 2000s the mansard roof was replaced with one more like the original . It is now the property of the village of Cold Spring , which has attempted to preserve but done nothing to restore the estate .
Building
The house is located at the end of Grove Court , a cul-de-sac on the south side of Paulding Avenue just outside downtown Cold Spring to the west , most of which is included in the Cold Spring Historic District , listed on the Register in 1982 . All the other houses on the street to the north of the one-acre ( ) lot where the building stands are of modern , late 20th- and early 21st-century construction and design . To the east is the former Butterfield Memorial Hospital , another large abandoned property awaiting restoration .
A line of mature trees stands along the top of a slight drop to the south which gives it a view over the Hudson River to the United States Military Academy at West Point to the south , Crow 's Nest , Storm King and other peaks of the Hudson Highlands to the east and Newburgh Bay to the north . Just below are one-story commercial buildings and their parking lots along the curving section of Chestnut Street , part of New York State Route 9D . A large shopping plaza with a supermarket and the village 's post office is just across Chestnut to the southwest . Across the road to the southeast are some of the remaining buildings of the West Point Foundry and its archeological site , both listed on the Register and being considered for National Historic Landmark status .
The building itself is a two-and-a-half-story , three-by-four-bay structure of brick laid in common bond over load-bearing stone . On the northwest is a one-story wing , one bay on all sides , with an additional wooden entrance portico . The house is topped by a low-pitched square hipped roof with a small square cupola in the center . A wooden porch wraps around the western side to the middle of the south . A chain link fence currently surrounds the house .
White paint or other material that once covered the facades has begun to fade , exposing the brick beneath . The windows are mostly narrow brick segmental arches with projecting stone sills . They are all boarded up . Metal mounts for shutters formerly there remain . A belt brick course separates the two stories .
On the west ( front ) facade , the segmental-arched main entrance , marked by a molded wooden frame flush with the wall and a four-light transom , is flanked by two arched windows . The southern bay has an oriel window with bracketed pilasters and a molded pediment . These features are currently concealed by a wooden barrier at the face of the porch .
The south side has a center door at the basement level . On the east , facing the cul-de-sac , is another door in the northern bay , with a small wooden porch and concrete steps . Above it is a round-arched window rising from the belt course , outlined in brick headers within a recess .
The north face has the same narrow segmental-arched windows in its two western bays . On the north end of the wing is a wooden entrance portico with half-hipped roof . It otherwise has the same window treatment , with two on the north and one on the west .
At the roofline are broad overhanging eaves . Bare spots on the brick below mark the locations of the brackets that once supported them . In its center the roof 's cupola is pierced by a single ventilation shaft .
The interior has suffered from the same neglect as the outside , and many of its original finishings have been damaged . Many original features remain , however . The center-hall floor plan on both stories has not been altered , and the plaster walls , ceilings and wood trim , including the staircase with turned first-floor newel post appear to be original . Some stenciled decoration is on its wall .
History
Frederick Lente , a North Carolina native who had earned his medical degree at University Medical College of New York , now the New York University medical school , came to Cold Spring in 1850 to serve as the surgeon at the West Point Foundry . His father-in-law , William Kemble , had been one of the founding members of the Foundry Association . At that time the foundry was the largest maker of iron and brass in the country . Located along the banks of a small cove where a small brook flowed into the Hudson River on the south side of the village , it made both military and civilian products , from cannon to the pipes that were laid to open the Croton Aqueduct and bring clean water to Manhattan .
In 1852 , the Foundry Association sold Lente the four-and-a-half-acre ( ) parcel where the house and Grove Court now stand . He soon commissioned Richard Upjohn to design the house he wanted to live in . Upjohn , an English immigrant had made his reputation popularizing the Gothic Revival mode for stone churches such as New York 's Trinity Church . But he had also pioneered the Italianate-styled house during the same period with the Edward King House , a National Historic Landmark in Newport , Rhode Island . Closer to Cold Spring , he built the James and Mary Forsyth House up the Hudson in Kingston in 1850 .
This was the type of house that Lente wanted , and he had specifics . His correspondence with Upjohn reflects his desire for features like the French windows on the west that slide into their casement . At one point he tells the architect that the upper floor 's bedroom was `` unnecessarily large '' and should be reduced by a foot ( 30 cm ) .
The finished house is typical of Upjohn 's Italian villas from that period . Its plan is basically rectangular , and it is built of masonry faced in painted brick , with arched windows set with multi-pane sash . The northwest wing is found on his other houses in the Hudson Valley , not only the Forsyth House but former President Martin van Buren 's Lindenwald near Kinderhook .
Lente made the house his principal residence for the rest of his life . Before his death in 1883 , he published many papers in medical journals . He was a member of many professional societies , and helped found the American Academy of Medicine , an early organization devoted to raising educational standards in the profession .
During the 1870s , it is believed , he made a major alteration in the house . Sometime during that decade , the original hipped roof in Upjohn 's design was replaced with a mansard roof , more in keeping with the Second Empire style popular at the time . The roof was clad with polychromatic hexagonal slate shingles , and pierced by flat-roofed dormer windows , three on the long sides and two on the short .
Lente 's widow continued to live in the house until her death in 1901 . Afterwards it was bought by the parish of Our Lady of Loreto , which converted it into a convent . The Franciscan Sisters ran a school there until 1977 .
At some point during the 20th century , louvered window shutters , since removed , were installed . In the 1920s the porch was enclosed with two-over-two sash windows over wood paneling . The rear entrance portico was also enclosed around that time as well . Its entrance doors were removed , and more wood paneling installed . Around 1950 the front and rear steps were replaced in concrete .
After the Franciscans ' departure , no new occupant replaced them . The vacant house began to suffer from neglect . In 2002 a developer bought the property and subdivided it to build the houses along Grove Court . He donated the house and the acre that remained to the village , which hoped to restore it and use it as a historic house museum .
The village has not yet succeeded . In late 2008 , it had to remove the mansard roof and replace it with the current hipped one , more like the original . Four years later , it put out a request for proposals . It is estimated that it will cost at least $ 1 million to restore the house . A couple who live in a neighboring house offered to purchase it for $ 1,000 , but the village board rejected that price as `` insultingly low . ''
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Putnam County , New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Italianate architecture in New York ( state )
Houses completed in 1853
Houses in Putnam County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County , New York
Sorcha Richardson ( born 22 September 1990 ) is an Irish singer-songwriter from Dublin .
Early life
Sorcha Richardson grew up in Dalkey . She formed her first band aged 10 with schoolfriends .
She went to Brooklyn to study creative writing .
Career
Richardson came back to Dublin in late 2017 . In 2018 she played at Longitude Festival and was named as one of RTÉ 2FM 's Rising Artists , and she has worked with the Irish band All Tvvins .
Her debut album First Prize Bravery ( on the theme of `` negotiating friendships and relationships '' ) was released in 2019 and was nominated for the Choice Music Prize . She collaborated with Soulé and Elaine Mai on a single , Butterflies , in 2019 as part of the Three Ireland Made by Music campaign .
Discography
Studio albums
First Prize Bravery ( 2019 )
Smiling Like an Idiot ( 2022 ) – No . 4 Irish Albums Chart
EPs
Sleep Will Set Me Free ( 2012 )
Last Train ( 2013 )
Isolation Home Recordings ( 2020 )
References
External links
Official site
1990 births
21st-century Irish people
Living people
Musicians from Dublin ( city )
Irish women singers
Llanedwen is a village in the community of Llanddaniel Fab , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 126.5 miles ( 203.6 km ) from Cardiff and 208.8 miles ( 336 km ) from London . St Edwen 's Church , Llanedwen is located in the area .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Mesopotamia is a district of the municipality of La Unión in the department of Antioquia in Colombia .
Mesopotamia was formed on the site where an inn was established for the muleteers , on the old road that led from Sonsón to La Ceja . It was founded as a fraction in 1865 and belonged to La Ceja . In 1871 it was created as a vice-parish , it was elevated to the category of fraction , it was part of the Department of the South , whose capital was Salamis . This fraction did not come into operation and in 1873 , it was created as a Police inspection , later suppressed and re-established in 1881 . In 1878 , it had been erected as a district of La Ceja . For 1884 , Manuel Uribe Ángel describes it like this : `` On the back of a hill , between the waters of the Ox and San Miguel rivers , is the hamlet head of the Mesopotamia Fraction '' .
In 1911 , when the Municipality of La Unión was created , it was annexed .
General
It has a police station , a chapel and a house of culture .
It is located approximately 25 kilometers from the main park of the municipality of La Unión , and 2 hours by car from the city of Medellín ; the road is very good and paved in its entirety , several waterfalls on the edge of the road are the prelude to reach the beautiful township with a biblical name .
It has 4 sidewalks Cardal , Minitas , El Buey , San Miguel Abajo and the populated center .
Vereda Cardal : 22 km from the municipal capital , the road is paved , its terrain is undulating , the predominant economy is potatoes and blackberry crops . It has a school and tourist sites such as the natural baths of the Cardal River .
Vereda Minitas : 18 km from the municipal seat , the road is in solid material or 21 km paved , its land is steep , the potato is the predominant economy .
Vereda San Miguel Abajo : 16 km from the municipal seat , the road is in solid material , its terrain is undulating and steep , the economy predominantly potato and cape gooseberry . It has a school , community booth and chapel under construction .
Communication routes
It is communicated by paved road with the municipalities of La Unión and Sonsón .
And by uncovered road with the municipalities of Abejorral ( by 2 routes ) , with the municipality of La Ceja , the municipality of La Unión and with the township of San José and the hamlet of La Honda .
Climate
Mesopotamia has a relatively cold subtropical highland climate ( Cfb ) . It has very heavy rainfall year-round .
References
Antioquia Department
Harry Anderson ( 1952–2018 ) was an American actor , comedian and magician .
Harry Anderson may also refer to :
Harry Anderson ( coach ) ( 1872–1957 ) , American football coach
Harry Anderson ( Scottish footballer ) ( 1888–1939 ) , Scottish footballer ( Raith Rovers , Hibernian , St Mirren , national team )
Harry Anderson ( artist ) ( 1906–1996 ) , American artist
Harry Anderson ( Canadian football ) ( c. 1926–1996 ) , Canadian football player
Harry Anderson ( baseball ) ( 1931–1998 ) , American baseball player
Harry Anderson ( chemist ) ( born 1964 ) , British chemist
Harry Anderson ( English footballer ) ( born 1997 ) , English footballer
Harry Anderson ( American football ) ( 1927–1997 ) , American football player and coach
Harry A. Anderson , US Army Major in the Monuments , Fine Arts , and Archives program
Harry B. Anderson ( 1879–1935 ) , U.S. federal judge
Harry Reuben Anderson ( 1844–1918 ) , American general
Harry W. Anderson ( 1922–2018 ) , American businessman , art collector and philanthropist
See also
Harold Anderson ( disambiguation )
Harry Andersson ( 1913–1996 ) , Swedish footballer
Harry Andersson ( Djurgårdens IF Fotboll footballer ) , Swedish footballer
Henry Anderson ( disambiguation )
Peter Bach ( born 14 April 1966 ) is an Australian handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Bach 's wife , Janni , also played handball for Australia . Their son , Rasmus , is a professional basketball player .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Frederiksberg
Paoluccio Cattamara ( active 1718 ) was an artist of Naples , who painted fruit , birds , and medals , in still life canvases .
Sources
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Naples
Italian still life painters
Italian Baroque painters
is a railway station in Yanai , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Yanaiminato Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Layout
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Nesolycaena is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) are found in the Australasian realm .
Species
Nesolycaena albosericea ( Miskin , 1891 )
Nesolycaena caesia d'Apice & Miller , 1992
Nesolycaena medicea Braby , 1996
Nesolycaena urumelia ( Tindale , 1922 )
External links
Funet Taxonomy Distribution
1996 : A new species of Nesolycaena Waterhouse and Turner ( Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae ) from Northeastern Australia . Australian journal of entomology , 35 : 9-17. . Full article : .
Candalidini
Lycaenidae genera
The 2008 Tunbridge Wells Borough Council election took place on 1 May 2008 to elect members of Tunbridge Wells Borough Council in Kent , England . One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Conservative 44
Liberal Democrat 4
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives retain control after gaining 3 seats from the Liberal Democrats to have 44 seats compared to 4 for the Liberal Democrats .
Ward results
References
2008 English local elections
2008
2000s in Kent
Noor abad also Romanized as noor abad and Noor abad ; also known as Noor abad ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 511 , in 123 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Erich Warsitz ( 18 October 1906 , Hattingen , Westphalia – 12 July 1983 ) was a German test pilot of the 1930s . He held the rank of Flight-Captain in the Luftwaffe and was selected by the Reich Air Ministry as chief test pilot at Peenemünde West . He is remembered as the first person to fly an aircraft under liquid-fueled rocket power , the Heinkel He 176 , on June 20 , 1939 and also the first to fly an aircraft under turbojet power , the Heinkel He 178 , on August 27 the same year .
Biography
Aviation career
Warsitz was born at Hattingen .
Together with his practical tuition and technical studies , Erich Warsitz ' aeronautical training as a sport flier for the A-2 licence began at the Academic Aviation Group Bonn/Hangelar ( 1929-1930 ) . In stages subsequently came the B-1 and B-2 training at various aerodromes of the contemporary sports associations , and further training at DVS ( German Commercial Pilot School ) at Stettin for the C-2 ( land aircraft and commercial carriage of persons ) and all licences for flights over the sea . Meanwhile , he was awarded the major K-2 aerobatics licence , passed the blind-flying training and obtained the navigation certificate for short distances . After he had been to DVS and obtained all flying licences there , he took employment as a sporting aircraft instructor and was later transferred to the Reichsbahnstrecke ( i.e . the Railway section , a cover name for long-distance flying experience , a unit concealed within the 100,000-man Weimar standing army ) as flight instructor , senior flight instructor and then training leader . In 1934 orders arrived drafting him to Rechlin , the Luftwaffe 's test centre . At that time the German aviation industry was operating at full blast , and at Rechlin Erich Warsitz was soon flying everything the aircraft factories could produce . This was the starting point of an activity which , only a little while later , would bring him into intimate contact with developments in aviation which were of tremendous historical importance .
Heinkel He 111 and 112
Late in 1936 Erich Warsitz was seconded by the RLM to Wernher von Braun and Ernst Heinkel , because he had been recognized as one of the most experienced test-pilots of the time , and because he also had an extraordinary fund of technical knowledge . In 1937 , working closely with Wernher von Braun , Erich Warsitz undertook the initial flight testing of the Heinkel He 112 fitted with von Braun 's rocket engine . Despite the wheels-up landing and having the fuselage on fire , it proved to official circles that an aircraft could be flown satisfactorily with a back-thrust system through the rear .
In parallel the RLM had suddenly acquired an interest in so-called rocket boosters fitted for the sake of simplicity below the wings of a heavily loaded bomber to cut down the length of runway needed for take-off from small aerodromes and airfields . Once in the air the spent booster casings would be dropped by parachute for re-use . The firm of Hellmuth Walter at Kiel handled this development . The first standing trials and tests flights of their boosters were also held at Neuhardenberg using a Heinkel He 111E placed at disposal by Heinkel .
Walter had also been commissioned by the RLM to build a rocket engine for the 112 , so there were two different new rocket motor designs at Neuhardenberg : whereas the von Braun 's engines were powered by alcohol and liquid oxygen , Walter engines had hydrogen peroxide and calcium permanganate as a catalyst . Von Braun 's engine used direct combustion and created fire , the Walter devices hot vapours from a chemical reaction , but both created thrust and provided high speed . The subsequent flights with the 112 used the Walter-rocket instead of von Braun 's ; it was more reliable , simpler to operate and the dangers to pilot and machine were less . All those test flights at Neuhardenberg were made by Erich Warsitz .
Heinkel He 176
During the development programme at Neuhardenberg the term `` interceptor '' had been coined , and the Heinkel He 176 was seen as the research machine for the project . The RLM was really thinking along the lines of a new kind of fighter aircraft . With a fantastic rate of climb it would take off almost vertically to intercept enemy bomber formations at 6000 – 7000 metres , make a swift attack from below at high speed , emptying the MGs or cannons into the enemy machines and then land once the fuel tanks were dry . The Messerschmitt Me 163 , which was developed and tested independently of the 176 , came later , during the Second World War , as an operational interceptor .
Because the 176 development was classified top secret , Heinkel set up a special department in his Rostock-Marienehe works . A wooden barrack hut was erected first for the initial testing . Only very few employees were allowed access . This `` shed '' was soon converted into a permanent building . The development then progressed very quickly . Ground work began at Peenemünde-West with rolling tests to establish the characteristics on the runway .
There came a moment when Erich Warsitz felt that a series of brief hops in the 176 had made him familiar with its characteristics and nasty tricks , and he suddenly made up his mind to carry out the first real flight on June 20 , 1939 .
Heinkel He 178
The 176 rocket aircraft had been developed in close collaboration with the RLM , but in spite of its success , Heinkel did not receive the support he had hoped for . In fact , there were many important individuals at the Air Ministry who showed an interest , but the Second World War was imminent , and other concerns took centre stage . The 178 design was pushed through without the knowledge of the RLM , and it was this small aircraft which was later to usher in the Jet Age .
On August 27 , 1939 Erich Warsitz undertook the world first jet flight with the Heinkel He 178 fitted with Hans von Ohain 's jet engine , the S 3 turbine .
After the second circuit Erich Warsitz set the 178 up for the landing . The turbine responded to the throttle lever very obediently . Just above the ground he corrected the machine 's attitude , pulled off a perfect landing and came to a halt just short of the waters of the Warnow .
World War II
After the Führer-Directive , ordering all developments not ready for mass-production within a year to be suspended with immediate effect , Erich Warsitz dedicated himself fully to his work as chief test pilot at Peenemünde-West . In 1941 also as an instructor in Nantes and Eindhoven training the bomber squadrons the correct use of the rocket boosters ( Heinkel He 111 and Junkers Ju 88 ) . In 1942 , during a test flight with a Messerschmitt Bf 109 , he had an accident – caused by a faulty fuel lead – which put him out of flying for a year . Thus he took over the management of his father 's precision mechanical firm and also founded the ‘ Warsitz Werke ' in Amsterdam making various high-precision materials .
Post-war
After the end of the war , Warsitz was living in an apartment in the American sector of Berlin , but at 3 a.m. on the night of 5 / December 6 , 1945 he was abducted by four Soviet officers . Numerous interrogations followed , concentrating on his former work on the development of rocket and jet aircraft in the OKH and RLM , at Peenemünde and the Heinkel factory . He was required to sign a contract which obliged him to co-operate with the Soviets for a period of five years on the development of related technology , but he refused . As a result , he was condemned to twenty-five years forced labour . Shortly after this he was transported to Siberia , to the penal colony 7525/13 .
After his return in 1950 , thanks to Chancellor of West Germany Konrad Adenauer , he founded his precision mechanical firm “ Maschinenfabrik Hilden ” , until , in 1965 , he retired .
For his flying achievements , Erich Warsitz ' memory was honoured with a special stamp issue by the German Post Office on October 4 , 2007 .
In April 1983 , Warsitz suffered a stroke and as a result died at the age of 76 on July 12 , 1983 , at Lugano , Switzerland .
Cultural references
Rocketmen , a documentary produced by film director Philip Osborn in 2009 .
References
External links
Official website , including rare videos and audio commentaries ( old site )
Official website ( new site )
1906 births
1983 deaths
Commercial aviators
German test pilots
German World War II pilots
Heinkel
People from Hattingen
People from the Province of Westphalia
Research and development in Nazi Germany
The Kap Maha Chat ( , ) is an old work of literature composed in Siam in the Ayuthian period . There is no mention of the name of its author and its history remains unclear . However , it is held as a work of both literary and religious value .
History
Prince Damrong postulated that the Kap Maha Chat was likely composed during the reign of King Songtham at a joint convention of philosophers and royal academicians between the years 1602 and 1627 .
Content , language , style
The content of the Kap Maha Chat is a rhymed narrative composition retelling the story of Maha Chat or Vessantara Jataka ( , Maha Wetsandon Chadok ) in a style known as yok gathā ( , yok katha ) , which is the incantation a sentence or phrase in Pāḷi and then retelling it in Thai . The entire tale being told from start to finish by alternating between the two languages . Verse is in a style known as rai boran , at the time referred to as rai maha chat ( ) . Aside from being simply prosework composed to give sermons on the Maha Chat itself , each chapter ( known as a bap ( ) when referring to the Maha Chat ) is in fact quite concise so that it could be directed at an audience of average layfolk . The Thai prefix kap of the title can be glossed as 'narrative poem ' .
Examples
From the chapter Wanaprawet ( ) ; words in bold are in Pali :
เต จัต์ตาโร ขัต์ติยา อันว่าพระบรมกษัตริย์ทั้งสี่ศรีสุริยวงศ์ เมื่อเสด็จบทจรประสงค์สู่เขาคิริยวงกฏ มิได้แจ้งทางที่กำหนดดำเนินไพร ด้วยความเข็ญใจก็จำเป็น ปติปเถ ทอดพระเนตรเห็นมหาชน อันเดินทวนทางถนนนั้นมา ก็ตรัสถามถึงมรคาเขาคันธมาทน์ ... ''
Thai poems
The role of The Doon School in Indian mountaineering describes the formative links between The Doon School , an all-boys boarding school in Dehradun , India and early post-Independence Indian mountaineering . From the 1940s onwards , Doon 's masters and students like A.E . Foot , R.L . Holdsworth , J.A.K . Martyn , Gurdial Singh , Jack Gibson , Aamir Ali , Hari Dang , Nandu Jayal , were among the first to go on major Himalayan expeditions in a newly independent nation . These early expeditions contributed towards laying the foundation of mountaineering in an independent India .
History
Doon 's founding British headmaster A.E . Foot and masters J.A.K . Martyn , R.L . Holdsworth and Jack Gibson were all Alpinists and introduced regular mountaineering expeditions for the boys during the school year . Located in the Doon Valley , in the foothills of the Himalayas , the school proved to be an ideal starting point for treks to the mountains . The British masters were joined by Gurdial Singh who led the first Indian expedition to Trisul in 1951 and was a member of the first Indian expedition to Mount Everest in 1965 . Singh was accompanied by Narendra Dhar Jayal , then a student at Doon , who later went on to pioneer mountaineering in India and became , at Jawaharlal Nehru 's behest , the founder principal of the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute . In an interview to Indian Express , the Indian mountaineer , author and editor of Himalayan Journal , Harish Kapadia stated , `` There were very few Indians in the club initially [ the Himalayan Club ] . In 1947 , when the British left , people thought that mountaineering and the club will not hold up in India . Then in 1951 , a Doon School teacher , Gurdial Singh , and few others went on a trek to the Trisul peak in the Kumaon region . That 's how Indian mountaineering took off . ''
Western Garhwal
Kapadia describes in his book , Across Peaks & Passes in Garhwal Himalaya , how Doon 's masters and pupils first explored the Western Garhwal region , which comprises peaks like Bandarpunch and Kalanag . In Tourism in Garhwal Himalaya , mountaineer Harshwanti Bisht further discusses the school 's early expeditions to Badrinath , Kamet and Jaonli .
Present day
Doon 's students and faculty continue the mountaineering tradition in the form of 'midterms ' , established by the British masters . Midway through each term , students go on treks in the Himalayas or abroad . Recent expeditions have been to Stok Kangri , Mont Blanc , Island Peak , Mount Everest base camp , Mount Kilimanjaro .
Major expeditions
1946 , 1950 – Bandarpunch ( 6316m ) . ( In 1937 , Gibson and Martyn climbed Bandarpunch along with Tenzing Norgay . Later , in his autobiography , Norgay would refer to Bandarpunch as the `` Doon School mountain '' . )
1951 – Trisul ( 7120m ) ( First Indian expedition , led by the Doon master , Gurdial Singh )
1952 – Kamet ( 7756m )
1953 , 1955 – Abi Gamin ( 7355m )
1955 - Kalanag ( 6387m ) or 'Black Peak ' . First ascent by Gibson and Doon 's pupils .
1958 - Mrigthuni ( 6855m ) . First ascent by a team led by Gurdial Singh ; Aamir Ali , another Doon master , was a member of the expedition .
1961 – Nanda Devi ( 7816m , summit not reached ) . Members included masters Gurdial Singh , Hari Dang and former pupil Suman Dubey
1965 – Kalanag ( 6387m )
1965 - Jaonli ( 6632m ) , expedition led by Hari Dang
1996 - Kedar Dome ( 6832m ) , student expedition led by master S.C. Biala
References
Bibliography
External links
Himalayan Mountaineering Institute
The Doon School Adventure Club
The Doon School
Mountaineering in India
Mountaineering
History of mountaineering
This is a list of members of Parliament in Wales , elected for the Fifty-Third Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 2001 general election . They are arranged by party . See also : Members of the National Assembly for Wales .
Labour Party
Nicholas Ainger
Donald Anderson
Kevin Brennan
Chris Bryant
Martin Caton
Ann Clwyd
Wayne David
Denzil Davies
Huw Edwards
Paul Flynn
Hywel Francis
Win Griffiths
Peter Hain
Dave Hanson
Dai Havard
Alan Howarth
Kim Howells
Huw Irranca-Davies ( from 2002 )
Jackie Lawrence
Jon Owen Jones
Martyn Jones
Alun Michael
Julie Morgan
Paul Murphy
Albert Owen
Sir Raymond Powell ( died December 2001 )
Chris Ruane
John Smith
Llew Smith
Mark Tami
Gareth Thomas
Don Touhig
Alan Williams
Betty Williams
Liberal Democrats
Lembit Öpik
Roger Williams
Plaid Cymru
Elfyn Llwyd
Adam Price
Simon Thomas
Hywel Williams
See also
Lists of MPs for constituencies in Wales
2001
Wales
Eurypanopeus depressus , the flatback mud crab or depressed mud crab , is a true crab belonging to the infraorder Brachyura and the family Panopeidae . It is native to the western Atlantic Ocean and is often found in estuaries and lagoons , commonly living in close association with oysters .
Description
The flatback mud crab is a small species of crab up to long with a noticeably flattened , oval carapace , with four blunt teeth on either side . In colour , this crab is dark olive brown or olive grey , often somewhat mottled , with dark brown limbs . One chela ( claw ) is much bigger than the other and the underside of the body and the limbs are a pale colour .
Distribution and habitat
The flatback mud crab is found in the sub-tropical and temperate waters of the western Atlantic Ocean . Its range extends from Massachusetts to Florida and Texas , the Caribbean Sea , Bermuda , the Dutch West Indies and Uruguay . It occurs in the intertidal zone and the shallow sub-littoral zone , down to depths of about . It is tolerant of water of low salinities and occurs in estuaries . It is common in the Indian River Lagoon . It is generally associated with oysters , hiding between them and inside their valves .
Ecology
This crab has an omnivorous diet which includes algae , detritus , oyster spats , polychaete worms , sponges , amphipods and other small crustaceans . When fully submerged it moves about on the substrate but when exposed by the retreating tide it conceals itself , being particularly associated with beds of the eastern oyster ( Crassostrea virginica ) . It can not withstand desiccation so it chooses moist places in which to hide . It shares its habitat with the black-fingered mud crab ( Panopeus herbstii ) .
The flatback mud crab is sometimes parasitised by Loxothylacus panopaei , a species of parasitic barnacle that develops inside a host crab , extruding a brood sac that the crab then carries under its abdomen and treats as it would its own eggs .
References
Xanthoidea
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1869
Fra ' Bonaventura Bisi ( 9 October 1601 – 5 December 1659 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period . He was also called Il Pittorino or Padre Pittorini , as a Franciscan friar in the convent of S. Francesco in Bologna .
Life and Work
He was a pupil of Lucio Massari , and made miniature copies from the works of Correggio , Titian , and Guido Reni among others , which were collected in the cabinet of his patron , Alfonso IV of Modena . He also etched a few plates after Parmigianino , Reni , and an original Holy Family , with St. John and St. Elisabeth , ( 1631 ) . He died at Bologna .
References
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Bologna
Italian Baroque painters
1601 births
1659 deaths
Catholic painters
The following is a list of episodes of British television sitcom Bad Education , which was broadcast on BBC Three from 2012 to 2014 .
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 ( 2012 )
Series 2 ( 2013 )
Series 3 ( 2014 )
Film
Ratings
Episode ratings from BARB .
Series 1
Series 2
Series 3
References
BBC-related lists
Lists of British sitcom episodes
R v Richards ( 1973 ) was an English appellate decision that held that an inciter or encourager to any type of assault or battery can not be convicted of a more serious offence than the principal inflicted even if they had asked for a more serious assault nor related to the type of harm in question be , in contrast to the encouraged principals , attributed specific intent .
Factual background
Defendant Richards hired Bryant and Squires to beat up her husband severely enough to put him in the hospital for a month . When the defendant 's husband was leaving work , Richards gave a signal to Bryant and Squires , who assaulted him in an alley . The injuries were not as serious as anticipated and he did not require hospitalization .
Trial court
Richards , Bryant , and Squires were all charged with violations of the Offences Against the Person Act , 1861 . Section 18 requires intent to cause wounding or grievous bodily harm , and its violation is a felony ( only triable by the Crown Court ) . Section 20 ( its lesser included component ) does not entail such intent ; it is a serious misdemeanor ( triable by Magistrates or the Crown Court ) .
Bryant and Squires were convicted of this under s. 20 yet Richards was convicted of the felony under s. 18 . She appealed .
Decision
The Court of Appeal ( England and Wales ) —of binding precedent value—quashed her conviction on the basis that one could not be held criminally liable for a more serious offence when the more serious offence did not occur .
References
R
1974 in case law
1974 in British law
High Court of Justice cases
In horology , the term electric watch is used for the first generation electrically-powered wristwatches which were first publicly displayed by both Elgin National Watch Company and Lip on March 19 , 1952 , with working laboratory examples in Chicago and Paris . The Hamilton Watch Company would be the first to produce and retail an electric watch beginning in 1957 , before the commercial introduction of the quartz wristwatch in 1969 by Seiko with the Astron . Their timekeeping element was either a traditional balance wheel or a tuning fork , driven electromagnetically by a solenoid powered by a battery . The hands were driven mechanically through a wheel train . They were superseded by quartz watches , which had greater accuracy and durability due to their lower parts count . Recent automatic quartz watches , which combine mechanical technology with quartz timekeeping , are not included in this classification .
Weaknesses
A weak point in early balance wheel electric watches was the switch contacts on the balance wheel , which turned the solenoid on briefly to provide the impulse to keep the wheel oscillating . These wore out and did not operate reliably . Later designs used electromagnetic sensing , with a transistor in the circuit to turn the solenoid on .
Types of electric watches
Moving coil system , contact controlled : refers to watches with a balance wheel with integrated coil , fixed magnets and mechanical contacts . Examples of this technology are Hamilton 500 ( first retail electric watch in 1957 ) , Epperlein 100 , Champion ( Ruhla / UMF ) , Slava 114ChN and Timex M40 .
Fixed coil system , contact controlled : watches with a piece of refined iron attached to the balance wheel , a fixed coil and mechanical contacts . In order to extend the life of the watch , some of these movements included a diode to minimize sparking on the contacts . Examples of this technology are Lip electronic R 27 , LIP R 148 , Elgin electronic 722 , 725 , 910 which were the smallest electronic movements ever made and Landeron ( ESA - Ebauches S.A. ) 4750 .
Transistorized watches with balance : had a balance wheel , a transistor acting as a switch and no mechanical contacts . Usually the coil was located in the base plate and the magnets are on the balance wheel . Watches using this technology include Timex M87/Laco 882 , Citizen X-8 series and Seiko Electronic 31A . Another common example is ESA Dynotron cal . 9150 .
Tuning fork watches : Instead of a balance wheel , these watches used a tuning fork driven by a solenoid powered by a one-transistor oscillator circuit and no mechanical contacts . The tuning fork had an attached pawl and 'index wheel ' , which turned the gear train . The common frequencies used in watches were 300 Hz ( ESA MOSABA cal . 9162 , 9164 and 9210 ) , 360 Hz ( Bulova Accutron cal . 214 and 218 ) , Slava Transistor , Tianjin 'Yinchabiao ' , Prim Elton , 480 Hz ( Bulova Accutron cal . 2300 ) and 720 Hz ( Omega Megasonic cal . 1220 and 1230 ) . Omega F300Hz and Speedsonics series are common examples of ESA MOSABA based watches .
See also
Electric clock
References
Watches
Esfin ( , also Romanized as Esfīn ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 128 , in 39 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Voli me , voli ( Love Me , Love Me ) is the fifth studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh . It was released 19 March 1986 through the record label PGP-RTB .
This was her sixth of twelve albums with Slatki Greh .
The album was sold in a circulation of 650,000 copies .
Track listing
Personnel
Production and recording
Mića Đordević – supervisor
Dragan Vukićević – engineering
Stanko Terzić – editing
Crew
Ivan Ćulum – design
Ivan Mojašević – photography
References
1986 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
Crescent School may refer to :
Crescent School ( Meeker , Oklahoma ) , in the National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
Crescent Elementary School , Sandy , Utah
Crescent School , Rugby , Warwickshire , England
Crescent School ( Toronto ) , Toronto , Ontario
Crescent Convent School , Dildarnagar , Uttar Pradesh , India
The Crescent School , Topsia , Kolkata
Mommy Is at the Hairdresser 's ( ) is a 2008 drama directed by Léa Pool .
Synopsis
The film takes place in the summer of 1966 , in Beloeil , Québec , where a young girl named Élise is enjoying summer vacation . Suddenly her mother leaves her family to pursue her journalism career in London . Her urge to leave is triggered when she coincidentally listens in on a conversation between her husband and his male lover . In a society still entrenched by taboos on sexual orientation , the mother flees the situation , abandoning Élise and her two younger brothers behind , in their father 's care . It 's then that Élise becomes more aware of the dreams , sorrows , and lies of the people closest to her . Her brother Coco stubbornly seeks refuge in constructing a supercar , and the youngest , Benoît , plummets deep into his own internal world , retreating ever-further in the furnace room of their house . Élise 's father is simply overwhelmed by the situation , unable to govern the domestic realm as well as his wife , he lacks her tact when dealing with Benoît 's disability . And so Élise decides to take the helm of her drifting family in an attempt to save their future . With support from the silent comfort her mentor Monsieur Mouche offers , a deaf-mute figurine maker , and the wonders of nature around her , Élise is on the verge of experiencing a summer unlike any other .
Production
The movie 's plot is the autobiographical work of its screenwriter , Lyse Lafontaine . The director , Léa Pool , visits the theme of childhood , inspired by the colorful verses of French poet Jacques Prévert . She mentions in an interview for Le Devoir that Isabelle Hébert 's loosely autobiographical script resonated with her own autobiographical movie , Emporte-moi . Her aim was to narrate the situation by using the logic and perspective of children , especially Élise , the eldest , who experiences the beginning of adolescence while trying to explain the events surrounding their mother 's departure . It was important for Pool to present the story of children longing for their mother genuinely , without vilifying the father 's character , all the while avoiding mawkish scenes . In order to better situate the story , set during the beginning of quebecan bourgeoisie , the movie 's soundtrack features hits of the 1960s , including iconic songs by Joël Denis and Claude Léveillé . In addition to the theme of coming of age , the plot also involves mental health and LGBT issues , making Mommy Is At the Hairdresser 's the recipient of several viewer 's choice awards during festival screenings .
Awards
Vancouver Film Critics Circle , January 2009
Best Actress in Canadian Film – Marianne Fortier
Soleure Festival des Journées de Soleure , January 2009
Viewer 's Choice Award
Goteborg International Film Festival , January 2009
Viewer 's Choice Award
11th Jutra Awards , March 2009
Best Hairstyle – Martin Lapointe
Most recognized picture outside Québec – Léa Pool
29th Genie Awards , April 2009
Nomination - Best female lead - Marianne Fortier
Nomination - Best female co-star - Céline Bonnier
Nomination - Best artistic direction - Patrice Bengle
Nomination - Best costume design - Michèle Hamel
Nomination - Best scene montage - Dominique Fortin
Nomination - Best soundtrack - Laurent Eyquem
Festival International Cinéma et Costumes de Moulins , June 2009
Best Wardrobe – Michèle Hamel
References
External links
2008 films
Canadian drama films
Films directed by Léa Pool
French-language Canadian films
2000s Canadian films
Bernard Robert Louis Fraisse ( born August 1956 ) is a French billionaire businessman , the chairman , founder and 100 % owner of Fareva , a French pharmaceutical company , with annual revenues of $ 1.4 billion in 2015 .
Early life
Fraisse has a degree in mechanical engineering .
Career
Fraisse founded Fareva in 1985 , and the company employs 9,500 people in 2018 . Fareva is the largest contract manufacturing organization ( CMO ) in France .
Personal life
Fraisse lives in Paris .
References
1956 births
French billionaires
French businesspeople
Living people
Jade Q. Wang ( born 1983 ) is an American computer programmer and neuroscientist . She is a co-founder of the open source project Sandstorm , and founder of the hacker-focused hostel chain Chez JJ .
Education
Wang graduated from Stanford University in 2005 with a bachelor 's degree in biology , where she co-authored the paper `` Akt Contributes to Neuroprotection by Hypothermia against Cerebral Ischemia in Rats '' in The Journal of Neuroscience . She has also been published in the Journal of Neurosurgery . She completed her Ph.D in neuroscience in 2010 at Northwestern University , where she worked in the auditory neuroscience lab of Nina Kraus .
Career
From 2010 to 2012 , Wang worked as a research scientist at the NASA Ames Research Center , where she did human-computer interaction research .
Wang is the co-founder of Chez JJ with Jocelyn Berl . Chez JJ is a `` chain of three hacker homes '' , two in San Francisco and one in Mountain View in Silicon Valley . Chez JJ has been investigated for not complying with zoning codes , and was fined by the city of San Francisco after complaints from neighbors , whose disputes with Chez JJ were widely reported in the press . Partly as a result , it shut down in 2015 , after providing housing for over 400 residents .
Wang also co-founded Sandstorm , an `` open source platform for personal servers '' . Sandstorm was initially started with crowdfunding , and later raised a $ 1.3 million seed round lead by Quest Venture Partners .
References
External links
Personal website and blog
American women neuroscientists
American computer programmers
American neuroscientists
1983 births
Living people
People from Mountain View , California
Scientists from California
Stanford University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
21st-century American women
Nazarbaug Palace or Nazar Bāgh Palace was the Gaekwad 's royal palace in the city of Vadodara , Gujarat state , western India . The Nazar Bāgh Palace ' was built in 1721 . It had three storeys and is the oldest palace in Baroda . It was constructed by Malhār Rāo Gaekwad in the late 19th century . This palace was used on ceremonial occasions by the Gaekwads . Till recently , it housed the royal family heirlooms . It had solid gold and silver guns , each barrel weighing over 100 kg . The grounds also contain the Shïsh Mahal , a Palace of Glass .
The Palace had a classic look , so in Gujarati it was told about its look as 'Nazar na laage ' from which it was named Nazar . The Palace also had beautiful garden from which its name included baug . So it was named as Nazarbaug Palace .
The white-stucco palace was the depository of the jewels of the Gaekwad family , and in 1927 the collection was believed to be worth $ 10,000,000 at the time , including a diamond necklace which carried both the Star of the South diamond , weight around 125 carats , and the English Dresden ; another important part of the collection was a cloth embroidered with precious stones and seed pearls , made to cover the tomb of Muḥammad .
The palace was in a state of ruin and did not reflect its former glory . The inside was ripped out after an alleged robbery . The grounds were used as a car park . Visitors were allowed to walk around but not allowed to take photos . Such is the state of this once beautiful palace the root of Gaekwad rule in Vadodara that was unrecognisable and possibly the land will be sold off for apartment constructions .
In October , 2014 , the palace was completely razed with only rubble and some parts of the floor remaining .
References
External links
Official India Tours & Travels Information Portal
Tourist attractions in Vadodara
Palaces in Gujarat
History of Vadodara
Baroda State
Houses completed in 1721
1721 in India
1721 establishments in India
Live at Redlands University is a double live album by American jazz musician Stan Kenton and his orchestra , released in late 1970 by Creative World Records . It was the initial release on Kenton 's newly formed record company after he broke his relationship with Capitol Records . Recording for the album took place in Southern California at Redlands University in August of 1970 .
The album 's influence on future large ensemble jazz composition and arranging has led critiques to acknowledge it as an influential album of the later Kenton orchestras and of the 1970s . The album is a class production , and musically a success to interpret the Kenton style in contemporary terms in a live setting .
Background
Up to the time of Live At Redlands University the band had released recordings with Capitol . The 1969 Capitol release of Stan Kenton : the music of 'HAIR ' was the last Kenton LP with that label and was moving in a direction beyond away from which the Kenton 'brand name ' had been built on since 1943 . He had no involvement in the Hair LP except for Kenton 's name placed on the jacket cover ; Ralph Carmichael and Lennie Niehaus were placed in charge of the project . Capitol producer Lee Gillette was trying to exploit the money making possibilities of the popular 1968 musical featuring contemporary rock music . Due to lack of promotion by Capitol , the LP was a financial failure ; this would be the last release for Kenton under he aegis of Capitol .
The transition from Capitol to Creative World Records in 1970 was fraught with difficulties during a time when the music business was changing rapidly . As a viable jazz artist who was trying to keep a loyal but dwindling following , Kenton turned to arrangers such as Hank Levy and Bob Curnow to write material that appealed to a younger audience . The first release for the Creative World label were live concerts and Kenton had the control he wanted over content but lacked substantial resources to engineer , mix , and promote what Capitol underwrote in the past . Kenton would take a big gamble to bypass the current record industry and rely far more on the direct mail lists of jazz fans which the newly formed Creative World label would need to sell records .
Live At Redlands University was recorded live with no inter-cutting or over-dubbing throughout the entire two LP set . Sound engineer Wally Heider was used for the album as he was renowned in Los Angeles for live recording and revolutionized with live 24 track recording during that time . The album was mixed a mastered at United Western Recorders by Andy Richardson .
Reception and influence
Live at Redlands University was released in 1970 on Creative World Records in the United States , in double LP formats with a double cover . It has been duly reviewed as a class production as the first of Kenton 's Creative World releases . The double LP is an artistic highlight for both Stan Kenton and Creative World Records , it 's a live album that breaks ground for the Kenton organization to have greater say in the future direction of the group .
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
piano and leader : Stan Kenton
saxophones and flutes : Quin Davis , Richard Torres , Norm Smith , Willie Maiden , Jim Timlin
trumpets : Mike Vax , Jim Kartchner , Dennis Noday , Warren Gale , Joe Ellis
trombones : Dick Shearer , Mike Jamieson , Fred Carter , Tom Bridges ( bass trombone )
tuba : Graham Ellis
acoustic and electric bass : Gary Todd
drum set : John von Ohlen
percussion : Effrain Lobgreira
Production
Dick Shearer – production
Wally Heider – recording engineering
Doug Neal – liner notes
Andy Richardson – mix engineer
References
Bibliography
External links
Live at Redlands University at Allmusic
Live at Redlands University at All Things Kenton
Live instrumental albums
1970 live albums
Stan Kenton albums
GNP Crescendo Records albums
University of Redlands
Albums produced by Dick Shearer
This is a list of defunct airlines of The Bahamas .
See also
List of airlines of the Bahamas
List of airports in the Bahamas
References
Bahamas
Airlines
Airlines , defunct
van der Vorst is a Dutch surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Henk van der Vorst ( born 1944 ) , Dutch mathematician
Monique van der Vorst ( born 1984 ) , Dutch cyclist
Patrick van der Vorst ( born 1971 ) , entrepreneur
Dutch-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
Nafi 's Father is a 2019 Senegalese drama film directed by Mamadou Dia . It was selected as the Senegalese entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 93rd Academy Awards , but it was not nominated .
Cast
Saikou Lo as Ousmane
Alassane Sy as Tierno
Penda Daly Sy as Rakia
See also
List of submissions to the 93rd Academy Awards for Best International Feature Film
List of Senegalese submissions for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film
References
External links
2019 films
2019 drama films
Senegalese drama films
Fox One is an Australian subscription television channel that focuses on dramas . The channel launched on 7 November 2019 .
References
External links
Foxtel Website
2019 establishments in Australia
English-language television stations in Australia
Television networks in Australia
Television channels and stations established in 2019
Foxtel
Harbour View High School is a high school located in Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada . There are many students attending grades 9-12 there . The school has 68 staff members . The school 's Principal is Michael Butler and the two Vice Principals are Christine Dumont and Nicholas McCaustlin , HVHS was formed in 1997 with 900 students , when the former Saint John Vocational School ( 200 students ) was transformed into HVHS to accommodate School District 8 's new geographic zoning policy for its 5 high schools . The school hosts several international students .
In 2001 , the school population was over 1300 . HVHS , despite its location in Saint John 's North End , was meant to serve the high school students for Saint John , New Brunswick 's Westside , the Grand Bay–Westfield area , and the Fundy Shores area . The school , although no longer formally a vocational school , still carries many trade-related options . A full range of academic courses exists alongside many vocational-type courses from Metals Processing , Business , and Child Studies . Harbour View also has a selection of Fine Arts courses which , alongside visual arts and music , includes Fine Arts 110 , History of Rock and Roll , Instrumental Music , and Graphic Art & Design . It also offers a selection of Advanced Placement ( AP ) courses including AP Chemistry , AP Biology , AP Physics , AP Calculus , AP English Literature , AP English Language , AP French , AP European History , AP Psychology , AP Seminar , and AP Research . The school runs on a five-period schedule , with a 50-minute lunch break in between the third and fourth periods . Once a week , the school practices Study Hall , which extends the duration of homeroom . Homerooms consist of students from all four grades , with students staying in the same homeroom from grade 9 until grade 12 .
The mural on the door panels leading into the auditorium was painted by Boschka Layton in 1940 .
Harbour View 's school clothing store , Valhalla , sells school merchandise such as sweatpants , sweatshirts , scarves , shirts , jackets , water bottles , and more . The school 's usually monthly newspaper is called Harbour Views .
Notable alumni
Fred Ross ( artist )
Logan Breen ( TD Community Leadership scholar )
Declan Hartery ( UNB Currie scholar )
References
High schools in Saint John , New Brunswick
Educational institutions established in 1997
1997 establishments in New Brunswick
Ernesto Javier Cordero Arroyo ( born 9 May 1968 ) is a Mexican actuary , public servant and politician affiliated with the .
He has been Secretary of State on two occasions : he was Secretary of Social Development , and Finance Secretary , when he resigned to take part in the internal elections for the Presidency of Mexico for the PAN . Cordero was the President of the Mexican Senate , a role traditionally rotated amongst the three biggest parties in Congress for one-year terms , from September 2012 to August 2013 , and again from September 2017 to August 2018 .
Personal life
Family
Ernesto Cordero was born in Mexico City on 9 May 1968 . Son of Ernesto Cordero Galindo , a well-known professor of medicine at the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) , and of Graciela Arroyo , a nurse who directed for two periods the “ Escuela Nacional de Enfermeria y Obstetricia ( National School of Infirmary and Obstetrics ) of the UNAM . On May 16 , 2006 , Marta Sahagún inaugurated the Esplanade of the Distinguished Nurses and unveiled a bust in her honor at the headquarters of the Ministry of Health . He has a sister : Graciela Cordero Arroyo who is a pedagogue in the UNAM and has a doctorate in education from the University of Barcelona .
Education
He majored as an actuary in the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México ( ITAM ) . He also got a master 's degree in economics by the University of Pennsylvania where he also did some doctorate studies .
Working Experience and Politics
When he finished his postgraduate studies in 2011 , Cordero was in charge of the General Management of the Miguel Estrada Iturbide Foundation of the PAN , this institution is in charge of giving technical counseling in legislative projects to the members of the Parliamentary Group of the PAN in the House of Representatives .
In 2003 he was Director of Integral Administration of Risks in the “ Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios Públicos ( BANOBRAS ) ” .
In 2004 he was appointed undersecretary of Energetic and Technological Development Planning in the Energy Secretariat .
In 2006 he was appointed undersecretary of Expenditures in the Finance Secretariat .
In 2008 he was appointed secretary in the Social Development Secretariat .
In 2009 he was appointed secretary in the Finance Secretariat .
Ernesto Cordero has been a professor of international economics at the University of Pennsylvania ; of economics and statistics at the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México and of econometrics in the Center of Research and Economics Teaching at the Universidad Panamericana .
In 2004 , along with a reduced group of public servants , he resigned to the charge of undersecretary of Energy and Technological Development in the Energy Secretariat ( SENER ) , to join the secretary of the SENER at that time , Felipe Calderón Hinojosa , in his pre-candidature for the Mexican Presidency . In this campaign , Cordero was the coordinator of Public Politics .
Social Development Secretary
On June 15 , 2008 , Mexican president Felipe Calderón Hinojosa named him the Head of the Social Development Secretariat in substitution of Beatriz Zavala Peniche .
As Secretary , he designed and implemented different politics in social development ; strengthening , modernizing and making transparent programs with a high impact on the lifestyle conditions of the Mexicans .
He also faced the international financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 . To counteract the increase of international prices in food , he incorporated new supports in the social programs and he made sure to keep the stability of the prices in the poorest regions of the country :
During the crisis almost 150 families were incorporated to the Program of Food Support , and nearly 230 thousand new families to the Program Opportunities .
In addition to the expansion of the programs , there was an increase of US $ 10 per family of Opportunities monthly , to face the rise in prices and another of US $ 9 per child up to 9 years old , monthly .
Through the programs like Liconsa and Diconsa , the stability in food prices was maintained , the milk remained at US $ 0.33 per liter , the kilo of corn remained at US $ 0.29 and the one of corn flour Mi Masa remained at US $ 0.41 . Besides , the trade of other products of the home brand Sedesol-Diconsa started at a very low price and of a very good quality such as soups , coffee , salt , chocolate and soaps .
Ernesto Cordero played an important role when facing the AH1N1 flu outbreak due to his support in the coordination of strategies to give attention to the public together with the Health Secretariat .
From 2007 to 2009 1 million 300 thousand floors were placed to benefit almost 4.8 million people .
During 2009 the coverage of the Program 70 and more was extended , it gives support to the elder people of the third age in places with up to 30 thousand inhabitants , increasing the number of beneficiaries in almost 200 thousand .
Finance Secretary
On 9 December 2009 , Felipe Calderón Hinojosa the President of Mexico appointed him Finance Secretary in substitution of Agustín Carstens . He was the first Finance Secretary from the PAN .
Cordero led the economic recovery , the consolidation of the public finance and the implementation of new politics with a social view .
As Finance Secretary , Cordero has been the main character in the economic recovery , the economic and treasury politics he implemented allowed a growth in 2010 of 5.5 % , a bigger figure than the estimated 4.4 % when the year started . This growth allowed employment to increase ; between December 2009 and March 2011 almost a million of new employments were created .
The treasury simplification and modernization allowed the enlargement of the treasury base .
During 2010 the incomes due to taxes not related to the oil reached their historical maximum of 10 % of the GDP .
The amount of tax payers reached a historical number of 38.9 million people with an increase of 4.8 million tax payers in just 1 year , the highest increase of tax payers since 2005 .
With Ernesto Cordero as the Head of the Finance Secretariat , the electronic invoice was implemented and in 2011 a new record of online tax returns made by companies was achieved , with an increase of almost 10 % in comparison to the previous year . The increase in the use of Internet to do the annual tax returns is remarkable , 99 % of the returns were done though the Internet , an increase of almost 4 % compared to the previous year .
Talking about expenditure , in 2010 there was an expenditure in social development as never before , almost 60 % of the programmed expenditure was to support families in poverty and in the investment of basic infrastructure to benefit the low income population .
98 % of the houses in Mexico have electric energy ( versus 95 % in 2000 ) and 91.5 % have water ( versus 88 % in 2000 ) .
Houses with dirt instead of floor decreased , going from 13.2 % to 6.2 % between 2000 and 2010 .
Today more than 25.4 million houses have drainage ( 90.3 % ) , this is to say 8.6 million more than in 2000 .
On 9 September 2011 , he resigned from his position at the Finance Secretariat to compete for the presidential candidature of the PAN .
National and International Committees
He has been President of the Committee of the Assembly of Governors of the `` Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo '' ( BID ) ; Co-president of the Committee of Transition of the United Nations for the Design of the Green Climate Fund ; Co-president of the Group of Work of the G-20 for the Revision of the international monetary systems .
In Mexico he has been President of the National Counsel of Social Politics ; President of Financial System Stability Council ; Coordinator of the Social Cabinet , as well as a Member of the Security Cabinet .
Presidential Pre-campaign for the 2012 elections
In 2011 , he fought to become the elected candidate of the PAN to run for the Mexican Presidency against Santiago Creel Miranda and Josefina Vázquez Mota ; Josefina Vázquez Mota won on 5 February 2012 .
Candidate for Senator
In February 2012 , the National Commission of Elections of the PAN disclosed Ernesto Cordero as the first candidate in the party 's national list for the Senate of the Republic . This action , given PAN 's status as a major national party , guaranteed that Cordero would be elected Senator in the July 2012 elections .
References
1968 births
Living people
National Action Party ( Mexico ) politicians
Mexican Secretaries of Finance
Presidents of the Senate of the Republic ( Mexico )
Politicians from Mexico City
21st-century Mexican politicians
Members of the Constituent Assembly of Mexico City
Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México alumni
Amateur journalism is a hobby for starting small newspapers established after the U.S. Civil War , using small and inexpensive printing presses . Local circulation and exchanges , sometimes among associations were done . Conventions were also held . The hobby waxed and waned in the early 20th century , achieving a literary peak under the influence of H. P. Lovecraft and W. Paul Cook in the 1915-1925 period . The 1930s brought a redevelopment of interest with a mix of fine printing with quality material and crude leaflets from small hand-presses and mimeographs .
Membership in associations has diminished to the hundreds in the United States and Canada and many are elderly as safety rules for motorized presses and hand-setting type have become lost arts . Citizen journalism and blogging have come with the advent of the internet , however .
Retired Tampa Tribune reporter Leland Hawes is an aficionado .
References
Types of journalism
Hobbies
John W. Shelton ( August 8 , 1928 – April 1 , 2014 ) was an American businessman and politician .
Born in Lockwood , West Virginia , Shelton was a businessman who owned Shelton Trucking Company and Mid-State Industrial Lubricates . He served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from 1996 to 2004 as a Democrat .
Notes
1928 births
2014 deaths
People from Nicholas County , West Virginia
Businesspeople from West Virginia
West Virginia Democrats
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
20th-century American businesspeople
Koželuh is a Czech occupational surname meaning `` tanner '' ( a person who processes animal hides into leather ) . Notable people with the surname include :
Jan Antonín Koželuh ( 1738–1814 ) , Bohemian composer
Jan Koželuh ( 1904–1973 ) , Czech tennis player
Karel Koželuh ( 1895–1950 ) , Czech tennis , soccer , and ice hockey player of the 1920s and 1930s
Leopold Kozeluch ( 1747–1818 ) , Bohemian composer and teacher of classical music , cousin of Jan Antonín
Czech-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Tito 's Handmade Vodka is a vodka brand made by Fifth Generation , founded by Tito Beveridge in 1997 in Austin , Texas – specializing in vodka made from yellow corn , rather than potatoes or wheat . It is distilled 6 times and unaged .
Marketing its brand as Tito 's Handmade Vodka , the company originally craft-distilled its products in copper pot stills at Texas ' first legal distillery . By 2001 , the brand was no longer a micro-distillery , having surpassed the industry standard of 40,000 cases for a craft distillery as defined by the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States ( DISCUS ) .
Now made in a facility with ten-floor-to-ceiling stills and equipment bottling 500 cases an hour , the brand recorded a sales volume of approximately 3.8 million 9-liter cases in the United States as of 2016 and a market share of 7.1 % of the United States Vodka market as of 2017 .
Founder
Bert Butler `` Tito '' Beveridge II is a native of San Antonio , Texas . He received the diminutive nickname `` Bertito '' , shortened to `` Tito '' , from his Latino caregivers in childhood . Beveridge attended the University of Texas where he became a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity .
History
Beveridge first produced his spirits as a hobby after making infusions of inexpensive vodka as gifts and using a pot still . Commercial production began in 1997 when Beveridge formed Fifth Generation , Inc. and established the Mockingbird Distillery , producing 1,000 cases that year . In 2007 , the brand sold over 160,000 cases . Production remains at the heavily expanded southeast Austin distillery .
Sales and distribution of Tito 's Handmade Vodka expanded in 2001 after Tito 's Handmade Vodka won the Double Gold Medal for vodka at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition . Also that year , it received a four-star ranking from Spirit Journal and won four stars again in the 2007 edition . Beginning in 2013 , United Airlines began serving only Tito 's for its inflight vodka beverages .
Tito 's is distributed throughout the United States and Canada . The distillery transitioned to making industry approved hand sanitizer during the COVID-19 pandemic . Tito 's also made a grant of $ 1 million towards the development of COVID-19 vaccine Corbevax .
Handmade controversy
In 2014 , two false advertising lawsuits were filed against Tito 's in California and Florida . The California lawsuit alleged that Tito 's vodka can not be described as `` handmade '' because it is distilled in a large industrial complex with modern , technologically advanced stills ; and is produced and bottled in extremely large quantities . Since the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau , which regulates labeling of liquor in the US , does not actually define `` handmade , '' both lawsuits rely on the dictionary definition of the word . By 2016 , the lawsuits had either been settled out of court or dismissed .
Tito 's Prize
Tito 's Vodka funds the annual Tito 's Prizean annual $ 15,000 award for one Austin-based artist , facilitated by the nonprofit gallery Big Medium . The award also includes a solo exhibition at the Big Medium Gallery at Canopy . It is the largest award devoted to Austin-based artists .
Previous Tito 's Prize winners are Ariel René Jackson and Michael J . Love ( 2021 ) , Betelhem Makonnen ( 2019 ) , Steve Parker ( 2018 ) , and Zack Ingram ( 2017 ) .
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in Austin , Texas
American vodkas
1997 establishments in Texas
American companies established in 1997
The Great Western Hotel is the oldest purpose-built hotel in Newquay , Cornwall . The hotel was originally designed by the Cornish architect Silvanus Trevail and first opened in April 1879 . The hotel is built in a prominent position overlooking Great Western Beach .
The hotel has 66 rooms , some with sea-views .
History
In December 1877 , the local newspaper reported that the owner , Mr Henry Francis Whitefield , had commenced building the hotel , near Newquay railway station , Plans drawn up by Trevail show that the hotel would have about fifty rooms , including a café , restaurant and a room in which concerts or lectures may be given . The site would have `` charming '' view of the bay , and be close to the bathing beaches .
In September 1878 , Whitefield , applied for a licence for it to be called 'Great Western ' . The Great Western Railway gave £2,000 towards the building of the hotel . In January 1879 the hotel was completed and it officially opened on 7 April 1879 . The hotel was built on the land of Tolcarne Farm . It was the first in a string of hotels designed to appeal to the renewed interest in Cornwall as a winter resort for the middle classes .
The West Briton & Cornwall advertiser wrote :
Royal Visit
On a tour of Cornwall in May 1926 , The Prince ( Edward VIII ) met the Duchy tenants at the hotel , and took tea with them in company with Sir Walter Peacock , Mr. Webster , Mr. Stainer , Duchy stewards .
Owners
The first owners of the hotel , Mr & Mrs Robert Rowlands , were basket makers and bathing machine proprietors . In 1909 , the first generation of the Hooper family took over the hotel . St Austell Brewery purchased the property in 1985 and in 2007 a £1.1 million refurbishment project commenced . This included extensive ground floor alterations , complete external painting , replacement of windows , bedroom refurbishment and landscape gardening of outside areas to create an extensive “ al fresco dining ” terrace .
The hotel and the owning family is mentioned in Emma Smith 's 2008 memoir , The Great Western Beach , describing her childhood in Cornwall between the two World Wars .
Architecture
The original 1879 building resembled a large country house with pitched roofs , gable ends and attic windows . The hotel was described , in a Newquay holiday guide , as having `` Spacious Billiard & Coffee Rooms '' . It was the first to have en-suite rooms . Due to the increase in tourism in the late 1890 's , an extension was built at rear , consisting of large rooms with bay windows . In 1907 , important alterations and additions were made to the hotel by local architects , Cowell & Cowell . In 1931 the original modest two storeys gabled building was altered beyond recognition to the current symmetrical art-deco style building , consisting of three storeys with smooth external render , painted frontages , symmetrical sash windows and rusticated quoin detailing to corners .
The Hotel is recognised as a historic building and is recorded on The Historic Environment Record of Cornwall .
Great Western Beach
Before the railway came to Newquay in 1876 , the beach was known as Bothwick Sands . It was n't until the Great Western Hotel was built in 1879 , ( overlooking the beach ) that it was gradually became known as Great Western Beach , although on much Ordnance Survey maps and holiday guides until the 1960 's both names were mentioned . Despite the name being linked to the hotel , the beach is a public amenity .
References
Hotels in Cornwall
Newquay
Hotels established in 1879
Hotel buildings completed in 1879
1879 establishments in England
Silvanus Trevail buildings
Padhuan is a village located in Basudebpur tehsil , Bhadrak district in the state of Odisha , India .
In 2011 , the population was 6,945 people with 3,423 males and 3,522 females .
References
Villages in Bhadrak district
Lymari Nadal Torres ( born 11 February 1978 ) is a Puerto Rican actress , film producer and scriptwriter . She has performed in several films including American Gangster and Battlestar Galactica : The Plan . In 2011 , she also produced her own film , America , which she also wrote .
Early life and education
Nadal was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , to Daniel Nadal and Anaida Torres . She graduated from high school at Academia Santa María . She received her first college degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico . In an interview , she described herself as `` Ponce-blooded . ''
Personal life
In 2001 , she moved to Los Angeles , California , and married actor and director Edward James Olmos in 2002 . The two separated in 2013 .
Filmography
References
External links
1978 births
Puerto Rican film actresses
Puerto Rican people of Spanish descent
Puerto Rican people of Catalan descent
Living people
Actresses from Ponce , Puerto Rico
Hatamabad ( , also Romanized as Ḩātamābād ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 39 , in 20 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Votolato is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Cody Votolato ( born 1982 ) , American rock guitarist
Rocky Votolato ( born 1977 ) , American singer-songwriter
Ireby Fell Cavern is a cave system on Ireby Fell , Lancashire , England , near the border with North Yorkshire .
It is a segment of the Three Counties System , linking the Rift Pot system to the south with Notts Pot to the north .
This popular cave starts with a pitch series that eventually opens out into a very large series of dry sandy passages .
The entrance is a vertical concrete pipe at the bottom of a shakehole that was last shored up in 2006 . The traditional route is down three pitches ( Ding , Dong , and Bell ) , but there are several alternative routes . All may become impassable in wet weather . After many metres of rift passage is Well Pitch which accesses the main lower sandy passages known as Duke Street .
At the far end of Duke Street is Whirlpool chamber where a short sump ( not free-diveable ) gave access to cave divers into further passages known as Ireby II .
In early 2007 , a system involving a primitive hand pump and a mud dam to temporarily retain the water in an artificial lake in Duke Street allowed non-divers to enter this part of the cave .
This facilitated the digging out of a passage in the roof of Whirlpool Chamber previously blocked by sand , to be dug out from both ends hence creating a bypass to the sump .
Digging has also forged a dry bypass to the sump via the aptly named Cripple Creek .
History
The prominent depression of Ireby Fell was marked as `` The Cavern '' on the first ( 1847 ) issue of the Ordnance Survey maps , though the early explorers could see little justification for the name . Various digs were undertaken from 1932 onwards until in 1949 a small scar on the NW side of the shakehole gave access to a passage that reached the first pitch . Much of the cave was explored and surveyed down to the sump at the end of Duke Street . The cave entrance then became blocked in 1953 until it was reopened in 1963 .
References
External links
www.rrcpc.org.uk
Caves of Lancashire
Caves of the Three Counties System
Edgelaw Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Midlothian , Scotland , UK , four miles west of Temple .
It was created in 1880 by James Leslie and his son Alexander .
See also
Gladhouse Reservoir
Glencorse Reservoir
North Esk Reservoir
Rosebery Reservoir
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
References
External links
A Forest Habitat for Edinburgh and the Lothians
Geograph photo 32399 , Edgelaw Reservoir
Geograph photo 711114 , Edgelaw Reservoir
Bathymetrical Survey of the Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland , 1897-1909
Reservoirs in Midlothian
Yvette Julie Wray ( née Luker , born 18 October 1958 ) is a female former English pentathlete , hurdler and sprinter . Born in Scraptoft , Leicestershire , she competed for Great Britain at the Olympic Games in Moscow 1980 . She also represented England at the Commonwealth Games in 1978 and 1982 , winning two bronze medals .
Career
At the age of 19 , Wray competed internationally for the first time at the 1978 Commonwealth Games and achieved immediate success , earning the bronze medal in the Pentathlon with a score of 4211 points . She competed later in the year at the European Athletics Championships , finishing 15th in the Pentathlon , although later disqualifications to other competitors due to doping violations promoted her to 13th place .
In 1979 Wray participated in the Summer Universiade and helped the British 4 × 100 m relay team achieve a silver medal , narrowly behind the Soviet Union team . Her performances internationally and domestically earned her a place in the Pentathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics , where she finished 16th with 4159 points , one place behind fellow British pentathlete Sue Longden .
Wray competed in the 50 metre hurdles at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships , but failed to progress beyond the semifinals . Later in the year however , Wray performed strongly at the Universiade , helping the British team to 4 × 100 m relay silver once again , just 0.2 s behind the United States team .
At the 1982 Commonwealth Games , Wray earned her second Commonwealth bronze medal , this time in the 400 m hurdles . She also contributed to the English 4 × 400 m relay team , but a mistake in her baton changeover with Gladys Taylor dropped England out of medal contention and they could only finish 4th . Later in the year Wray participated in the European Athletics Championships 400 m hurdles , where she was eliminated in the heats .
During her final year of international competition , Wray represented England , at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh , Scotland competing in the 1986 Commonwealth Games 400 m hurdles , reaching the final and finishing in 5th place . Her last international event was at the 1986 European Athletics Championships in the 400 m hurdles , but she failed to progress beyond the heats .
Domestic achievements
Throughout her career Wray achieved a lot of national success , particularly at the AAA Championships where she won three 400 m hurdles titles and one 2nd-place finish between 1982 and 1986 . She also claimed a 1st and two 2nd-place finishes in the pentathlon between 1977 and 1980 , and a 2nd and 3rd-place finish in the 100 m hurdles in 1980 and 1978 respectively . At the Indoor AAA Championships Wray was dominant at the 60 m hurdles , taking the title from 1980–1982 , as well as finishing second in 1979 and 1983 . She also achieved a 2nd-place finish at the 400 metre sprint in 1984 .
At the UK Athletics Championships , Wray won the 400 m hurdle title in 1986 , to add the 3rd-place finish she had achieved in 1982 . She also came 2nd in the 1979 100 m hurdles .
Personal bests
400 metre hurdles – 56.46 s , 11 July 1981 , Oslo
Pentathlon – 4278 pts , July 15 , 1979 , Bremerhaven
International Results
References
1958 births
Living people
British female sprinters
English female sprinters
British female hurdlers
English female hurdlers
British pentathletes
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Universiade medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Universiade silver medalists for Great Britain
Medalists at the 1979 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1981 Summer Universiade
Andrena hattorfiana is a species of mining bees belonging to the family Andrenidae subfamily Andreninae .
Description
The adults grow up to long . They have a black-brown body with sparse light hair , while the first and the second abdominal segment are reddish . The females have a pollen basket of curved hairs on the sides of the thorax .
Range
This endangered solitary bee is present in most of Europe and in the Near East . From central Spain via Ukraine to the Urals and via Asia Minor to the Caucasus ; north to southern England and south Wales , in Norway and Sweden to 60.5 ° N , in Finland to 62.5 ° N , in Russia to Perm , south to Sicily , Peloponnese and southern Turkey ; not in Crete . In the eastern Mediterranean area ( westwards to Sicily ) the ssp . dimidiata BRULLE , 1832 occurs . The species is generally uncommon .
Habitat
Dry nutrient rich and poor meadows , flood dams , road embankments , forest edges . From the lowlands to the montane elevation .
Ecology
Andrena hattorfiana is an oligolectic species , feeding on cardiac plants ( Dipsacaceae ) ; The main pollen source in the area is Knautia arvensis , the secondary pollen source is Knautia dipsacifolia . If the Knautia already wither before the end of the flight time , pollen of Scabiosa columbaria is also collected . It is a solitary bee that can be seen easily from up to 5 meters away . It can be encountered from May through August .
The females usually lay eggs in a nest excavated by themselves in sandy soils . Nest has five to ten brood cells , each having one egg and pollen as food for the larva . Every day there is one offspring produced in good weather conditions for foraging , and five to ten in a lifetime . These nests are made in dry parts of a traditionally managed hay field in medium pressure horse-graze pastures with sparse vegetation and on human-trampled paths . These bees rely heavily on pollen , that is almost like a species saving resource . The critical pollen resource for 10 reproducing Andrena hattorfiana ♀ varied from 27 to 361 plant individuals . Therefore , being able to get pollen from only one flower may have helped lead this species to the endangerment of being extinct .
With the specific conditions in which a nest must be made could have aided in bringing this species closer to being endangered of being extinct . Furthermore , this species is endangered as these bees are often infected by a host specific cleptoparasite called Nomada armata which parasitizes a big proportion of brood cells in local populations . Other factors are the competition for pollen by other insects , and habitat loss and fragmentation . But the main reason is the reduced food-plant distribution because of larger farm units and not a lot of traditionally managed meadows .
Therefore , Andrena hattorfiana is endangered because of pollen competition , not enough variability in their habitat , and because of there not being enough traditionally managed meadows .
Parasites : Cuckoo bee is Nomada armata . Adults are sometimes infested with strepsiptera ( Stylops melittae ) .
Etymology
Dedicated to Baron ( ? ) Von Hattorf , from whose collection the specimen described by Fabricius comes from .
Taxonomy
Subgenus Charitandrena HEDICKE , 1933 .
References
External links
Biolib
Fauna Europaea
www2pms
hattorfiana
Insects described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Hymenoptera of Europe
Cyril Obiozor ( born September 26 , 1986 ) ( ) is a former American football linebacker . He was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2009 . He played college football at Texas A & M .
He also played for the Arizona Cardinals and San Diego Chargers .
Professional career
Green Bay Packers
Obiozor signed with the Packers as an undrafted free agent in May 2009 . He remained on the team 's practice squad throughout the first 13 weeks of the 2009 regular season . After the team placed Aaron Kampman on injured reserve , Obiozor was moved to the active roster for the last five games . He made 2 total tackles in those five games .
Arizona Cardinals
On September 5 , 2010 , Obiozor was claimed off waivers by the Arizona Cardinals . He was waived on September 21 but re-signed to the practice squad two days later .
San Diego Chargers
On October 5 , Obiozor was signed to the Chargers roster after Jyles Tucker went on injured reserve .
Arizona Cardinals ( second stint )
He was released on September 2 , 2011 .
References
External links
Green Bay Packers bio
1986 births
Living people
People from Pearland , Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football linebackers
American people of Igbo descent
Igbo sportspeople
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Texas A & M Aggies football players
Green Bay Packers players
Arizona Cardinals players
San Diego Chargers players
Sportspeople from Harris County , Texas
Pearland High School alumni
Granulopsis is a genus of minute sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae .
Species
Species in the genus Granulopsis include :
Granulopsis thelcterium ( Tomlin , 1929 )
Granulopsis vitisabrinae Cecalupo & Perugia , 2018
References
Tomlin J.R. le B . ( 1929 ) . Two new Cerithiopsidae . Proceedings of the Malacological Socierty of London . 18 ( 6 ) : 264
Cecalupo A . & Perugia I . ( 2012 ) Family Cerithiopsidae H. Adams & A. Adams , 1853 in the central Philippines ( Caenogastropoda : Triphoroidea ) . Quaderni della Civica Stazione Idrobiologica di Milano 30 : 1-262
Cerithiopsidae
Gastropod genera
Jaber Al Mutairi ( born 30 September 1990 ) is a professional Kuwaiti footballer . His beginnings were at the Al Tadhmon SC .
Personal life
Jaber younger brother , Talal , is also footballer .
References
1990 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Kuwait international footballers
Olympic footballers of Kuwait
Qadsia SC players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Kuwait City
Kuwait Premier League players
Oman Professional League players
Al Tadhamon SC players
Salalah SC players
Kuwaiti expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Kuwaiti expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Kenneth S. Stern is an American
attorney and an author . He is director of the Bard Center for the Study of Hate , a program of the Human Rights Project at Bard College . From 2014 to 2018 he was a executive director of the Justus & Karin Rosenberg Foundation . From 1989 to 2014 he was director on antisemitism , hate studies and extremism for the American Jewish Committee . In 2000 , Stern was a special advisor to the defense in the David Irving v. Penguin Books and Deborah Lipstadt trial . His 2020 book , The Conflict Over the Conflict : The Israel/Palestine Campus Debate , examines attempts of partisans of each side to censor the other , and the resulting damage to the academy .
Education
Stern earned his A.B . at Bard College , and his J.D . from Willamette University College of Law .
Career
Stern has testified before US Congress ; in 1997 he served as an invited presenter at the White House Conference on Hate Crimes . With Dina Porat , he has analyzed the American militia movement , bigotry on campus , hate on talk radio and the Internet . He is a frequent guest on national television and talk radio shows , including Face the Nation , Crossfire , Nightline , Dateline , Good Morning America , CBS Evening News , and National Public Radio . His report Militias : A Growing Danger , issued two weeks before the Oklahoma City bombing , predicted such attacks on the US government . And his book about the militias , A Force Upon the Plain : The American Militia Movement and the Politics of Hate ( 1996 ) was nominated for the National Book Award .
In 2001 he was an official member of the United States delegation to the Stockholm International Forum on Combating Intolerance . Stern was one of the drafters of a Working Definition of Antisemitism , which has been adopted , starting in January 2005 , by various international bodies tasked with monitoring antisemitism .
Before coming to AJC in 1989 , Stern was managing partner of the Oregon law firm Rose and Stern . Stern was trial and appellate counsel for American Indian Movement co-founder Dennis Banks , and argued on his behalf before the United States Supreme Court in U.S. v. Loud Hawk et al . Among his other notable cases was his representation of Portland 's homeless community in a federal lawsuit against an anti-camping ordinance , and as co-counsel in a defamation suit against Patricia Hearst , representing Jack and Micki Scott . His book about the Dennis Banks case , Loud Hawk : The United States vs. the American Indian Movement ( 1994 ) , won the Gustave Myers Center Award as outstanding book on human rights .
Stern 's other books are Holocaust Denial ( 1993 ) and Antisemitism Today ( 2006 ) .
Stern is also active in the effort to establish an interdisciplinary academic field of Hate Studies . He previously served on the editorial board of the Journal of Hate Studies , and is a longtime member of the director 's advisory board for the Gonzaga University Institute for Hate Studies .
Views
In his article Holocaust education alone wo n't stop hate , Stern proposes ways to combat persisting hatred of Jews :
In an open letter , coauthored with Cary Nelson , president of the American Association of University Professors , Stern wrote that some of the complaints about anti-Semitism on campus under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 `` simply seek to silence anti-Israel discourse and speakers . This approach is not only unwarranted under Title VI , it is dangerous . '' Stern 's letter was disavowed by AJC executive director David Harris , who called the letter `` ill-advised . '' In 2017 Stern testified before the House Judiciary Committee against legislation that would have used a definition of antisemitism , of which he was the lead drafter , as a de facto hate speech code on campus .
In his 2006 book Antisemitism Today , Stern wrote :
In his book A Force upon the Plain : The American Militia Movement and the Politics of Hate , Stern links Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh with the American militia movement . In a review in Reason , Dave Kopel concludes that he `` does not come remotely close to showing that militia members encouraged McVeigh to do anything illegal '' , but uses circumstantial evidence , guilt by association and undocumented quotes that turn out to be false . Not only militias , but all critics of big government are excoriated in the book . After the 1994 elections , Stern found that `` the vitriolic antifederal sentiments of some of these newly elected officials '' differed `` in detail but not in flavor '' from the ideas of racist gangs . Kopel considers his use of charges of anti-Semitism and racism as a way of vilifying opponents and delegitimizing political stands he does not like . But Patsy Sims , writing in The New York Times , noted :
In December 2019 , Stern , who has previously served as the lead drafter of the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance 's ( IHRA ) Working Definition of Antisemitism , expressed concerned that right-wing Jewish groups and national governments were using the document to silence what he regarded as legitimate criticisms of Israel . Stern also claimed that the US President Donald Trump 's 2019 Executive Order on Combating Anti-Semitism would stifle Palestinian free speech rather than protecting Jewish students . In December 2020 , Stern urged the incoming Biden Administration not to adopt the IHRA Working Definition , claiming that it had been weaponized by pro-Israel lobby groups to silence criticism of Zionism .
See also
Hate studies
Universities and antisemitism
Notes
Publications
Books
Holocaust Denial ( New York : American Jewish Committee , 1993 )
Loud Hawk : The United States Versus the American Indian Movement ( 1994 ) University of Oklahoma Press , 2002 :
The Force Upon the Plain : The American Militia Movement and the Politics of Hate ( Simon & Schuster , 1996 ) ( University of Oklahoma Press , 1997 : )
Antisemitism Today : How It Is the Same , How It Is Different and How to Fight It ( American Jewish Committee , 2006 ) :
Articles and other publication
Skinheads : Who They Are and What to Do When They Come to Town ( The American Jewish Committee , 1990 )
Anti-Zionism , the Sophisticated Anti-Semitism ( AJC , 1990 ) .
on Campus : A Planned Response , 1990
Dr. Jeffries and the anti-Semitic branch of the Afrocentrism movement , 1991
David Duke : A Nazi in politics , 1991
Hate on talk radio , 1991
Politics and bigotry , 1992
Farrakhan and Jews in the 1990s ( AJC , 1992 , 1994 ) .
Crown Heights : A case study in anti-Semitism and community relations , 1992
Demjanjuk : An analysis of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in Demjanjuk v. Petrovsky , et al. , 1993
Liberators : A background report , 1993
Militias , a growing danger ( An American Jewish Committee background report , 1995 )
A Force Upon the Plain : The American Militia Movement and the Politics of Hate , 1996
The McVeigh trial 1997
Militias and the religious right Freedom Writer , October 1996 . ( Institute for First Amendment Studies , 1998 )
Hate and the Internet ( AJC )
Lying About the Holocaust ( SPLC Intelligence Report , Fall 2001 )
Why Campus Anti-Israel Activity Flunks Bigotry 101
Getting to the root of hate in a challenging world Seattle Times . March 16 , 2004
The Minister For Hate ( The Nation of Islam and Louis Farrakhan ) . Published in J.O.I.N . Australia/Israel Review , 1998 . Also at
Holocaust education alone wo n't stop hate . Jewish SF . January 26 , 2007 . Also at Jewish United Fund 404 Error ,
About Monitoring and Law Enforcement , Not Education ( jewishexponent.com ) February 1 , 2007
Antisemitism Today : How It Is the Same , How It is Different , and How to Fight It ''
Anti-Semitism Matters
Hate Matters A condensed version of Stern 's keynote speech at the First Conference to Establish the Academic Field of Hate Studies
The Dangerous `` A '' Words
Do n't Avoid Conflicts , Mine Them .
External links
Truth Is Winner in Holocaust Denier 's Libel Defeat Newsday , April 13 , 2000 , p. A54 . ( nizkor.org )
Is Uncle Sam coddling the Kooks ? By Jonathan Broder ( Salon.com )
The County Supremacy and Militia Movements : Federalism as an Issue on the Radical Right by William Chaloupka ( University of Montana )
Cause for Concern : Hate Crimes in America . Reports and Curricula ( Leadership Conference on Civil Rights/Leadership Conference on Civil Rights Education Fund )
Historians of Nazism
Holocaust denial
Jewish historians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Scholars of antisemitism
Historians of the Holocaust
Willamette University College of Law alumni
Bard College alumni
American Jewish Committee
Leonard Maxwell Isaacson ( born 1925 ) is an American chemist and composer .
Isaacson collaborated with Lejaren Hiller on the computer-programmed acoustic composition , Illiac Suite ( 1957 ) . At the time , both composers were professors at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign , and used the university 's room-size ILLIAC I .
Bibliography
Hiller , Lejaren A. , and Leonard M. Issacson . ( 1959/1979 ) . Experimental Music : Composition With an Electronic Computer . McGraw-Hill , New York . .
References
1925 births
Issacson
Issacson
American chemists
Living people
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period , from September 2001 to August 2002 . All times are Eastern or Pacific . Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local , syndicated , or paid programming . Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion .
Legend
Schedule
Note : Politically Incorrect ended on July 5 , 2002 .
Note : Later aired its final episode as Later Presents SCTV on January 2 , 2002 , with Last Call with Carson Daly taking its place on January 8 , 2002 .
Note : Late Friday ended on May 24 , 2002 , with Last Call with Carson Daly expanding to five nights a week .
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher
New series
ABC News Up Close
CBS
Returning series
Late Night with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn
Up to the Minute
Fox
Returning series
MADtv
NBC
Returning series
Late Friday
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later Presents SCTV
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
New series
Last Call with Carson Daly
Not returning from 2000-01 :
Later
United States late night network television schedules
2001 in American television
2002 in American television
Umut Akkoyun ( born 10 July 2000 ) is a Turkish tennis player .
Akkoyun has a career high ATP singles ranking of 2005 achieved on 4 January 2021 . He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 675 achieved on 4 January 2021 . Akkoyun has won 1 ITF doubles title on the ITF Men 's World Tennis Tour .
Akkoyun made his main drew debut at the 2021 Antalya Open in the doubles draw , receiving a wildcard alongside Mert Naci Türker .
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Turkish male tennis players
Pothos may refer to :
Pothos ( mythology ) , a character in Greek mythology
Pothos ( plant ) , a genus of plants
Epipremnum aureum , a plant often grown indoors ( formerly grouped within the genus Pothos and commonly known as `` pothos '' )
A statue by Scopas
Pothos ( Company ) , a london based fin-tech company .
See also
Pothos Argyros
Pathos
Søren Eriksen is a Danish lightweight rower . He won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Aaliyan Mehmood ( born 25 December 2004 ) is a Pakistani cricketer . He made his List A debut on 8 January 2021 , for Sindh , in the 2020–21 Pakistan Cup .
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
Sindh cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Sigve Lie ( April 1 , 1906 – March 18 , 1958 ) was a Norwegian sailor and Olympic champion . He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , where he received a gold medal in the dragon class as crew member on the boat Pan .
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , where he again received a gold medal with Pan .
He died in Oslo in 1958 .
References
External links
1906 births
1958 deaths
Norwegian male sailors ( sport )
Olympic sailors of Norway
Sailors at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Norway
Olympic medalists in sailing
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Rafailo Momčilović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рафаило Момчиловић ; 23 April 1875 – 3 September 1941 ) was a Serbian Orthodox cleric , abbot of the Šišatovac Monastery , and painter . He was killed in the Genocide of Serbs in the Independent State of Croatia which took place during the Second World War .
Persecution of Serbs in the Independent State of Croatia began almost immediately after the invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia by Nazi Germany . Ustasha units , administrative commissars and Ustasha youth took up residence in all Serbian Orthodox monasteries throughout Greater Croatia . The monks who had the opportunity to flee , most often fled to either Serbia ( from Croatia ) or to Montenegro ( from Dalmatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina ) , and those who were caught were sent to internment camps at Jasenovac or killed on the way .
Momčilović was kidnapped by the Ustashe on 25 August 1941 and was tortured until his death on 3 September 1941 at Požega . His burial site has yet to be found .
Today the Serbian Orthodox Church venerates him as a martyr and saint on 3 September .
Legacy
The icons of the iconostasis of Ružica Church in Belgrade were painted by Rafailo Momčilović , who had gained his iconographic skills from Russian iconographers . It is significant to mention that Rafailo donated all his gain to the building of Church of Saint Sava in Belgrade , the work of which had started before World War II . Also , he painted the icons of the iconostasis in the Orthodox church of Gornji Kovilj .
There is an art colony in Vojvodina named after him .
See also
List of Serbian saints
List of painters from Serbia
References
1875 births
1941 deaths
People from Odžaci
Serbian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
20th-century Serbian painters
Serbian torture victims
Serb people who died in the Holocaust
People executed by the Independent State of Croatia
Serbian male painters
20th-century Serbian male artists
Qareh Chaman ( , also known as Seyāh Chaman , Sīāh Chaman , and Sīyāh Chaman ) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 431 , in 123 families .
References
Populated places in Bostanabad County
Capel Parc is a hamlet in the community of Rhosybol , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 138.6 miles ( 223 km ) from Cardiff and 218.4 miles ( 351.5 km ) from London .
To the south of the village is Melin Esgob ( an early 19th century water corn mill ) , which is a Grade II listed building .
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
Alauddin State Islamic University or Universitas Islam Negeri Alauddin ( UIN Alauddin ) is a state university located in Makasar , South Sulawesi . The name Alauddin originates from the name of the first king of the Gowa Sultanate who converted to Islam , changed his name to Alauddin and made Islam as the sultanate 's official religion .
History
The historical development of UIN Alauddin State Islamic University of Makassar , formerly called Institut Agama Islam Negeri Alaudin ( Islamic Institute Alauddin ) went through several phases .
1962–1965
Initially IAIN Alauddin Makassar was a branch faculty of IAIN Sunan Kalijaga in Yogyakarta . With the insistence of the People and Government of South Sulawesi and the consent of the Rector of IAIN Sunan Kalijaga Yogyakarta , Minister of Religion of the Republic of Indonesia issued Decision No . 75 on October 17 , 1962 , to nationalize the Faculty . On November 10 , 1962 , the Faculty of Shari'ah was nationalized , followed by the nationalization of Faculty of Tarbiyah on November 11 , 1964 , with the decision number 91 of the Minister of Religions on November 7 , 1964 , and then Faculty Ushuluddin on October 28 , 1965 , by the Decree of the Minister of Religion number 77 on October 28 , 1965 .
1965–2005
By considering the support and the great desire of the people and the Government of South Sulawesi to education and university-level instruction in Islam , as well as the legal basis of Presidential Regulation No . 27 of 1963 , which among other things stated that at least three types of faculties could be combined into a single institute , then starting on November 10 , 1965 , the three faculties changed the status to become State Islamic Institute or Institut Agama Islam Negeri with Decree of the Minister of Religious Affairs No . 79 dated October 28 , 1965 .
Alaudin was chosen for the name of the newly created institute . The idea of giving the name `` Alauddin '' to IAIN of Makassar at first expressed by the founders of IAIN `` Alauddin '' , among them the Prince Daeng Andi Rani , descendant of Sultan Alauddin , who was also a former Governor of South Sulawesi , and Ahmad Makkarausu Amansyah Ilau Daeng , a historian on Makassar .
In that phase , IAIN ( now UIN ) Alauddin which originally only had three of faculties , developed into five faculties marked by the establishment of the Faculty of Adab accordance with the decree of the Ministry of Religious Affairs No . 148 1967 on November 23 , 1967 , followed by the Faculty of Da'wa by the Minister of Religious Affairs Decree 253 of 1971 which is based in the Faculty of Bulukumba ( 153 km south of the city of Makassar ) , which further by Presidential Decree 9 of 1987 , the Faculty of Da'wa diverted to Makassar , then followed by the establishment of the Graduate Program ( PPS ) with the Decree of Directorate General of Islamic Institutions No . 31 / E / 1990 dated June 7 , 1990 , the status of a remote class of PPs IAIN Syarif Hidayatullah Jakarta and then to the Minister of Religious Affairs No . 1993 403 PPs IAIN Alauddin Makassar became independent PPs .
Since 2005
To respond to the demand for development of knowledge and fundamental change on National Education System by the birth of the Law on # 2 in 1989 where levels of education under the Ministry of National Education and Department of Religious Affairs became commensurate , especially in secondary education level , as well as to accommodate graduates from secondary schools under the auspices of the Ministry of National Education and Department of Religious Affairs , there was necessary to change the status of the institute to a university . At the initiative of IAIN Alauddin leadership 2002-2006 period and the support from Academic community of IAIN Alauddin , Senate and the Governor of South Sulawesi , a conversion plan was proposed to the President through the Minister of Religion Affairs and the Minister of National Education . On October 10 , 2005 , the status of Islamic StateInstitute ( IAIN ) Alauddin Makassar transformed to State Islamic University of Alauddin . The transformation was based on Presidential Regulation ( Decree ) of the Republic of Indonesia No . 57 of 2005 decreed on October 10 , 2005 . The inauguration was formalized by signing of the inscription by then president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on December 4 , 2005 , in Makassar .
With the change of the status from an institute to a university , UIN Alauddin Makassar experiences the development of five faculties to become seven faculties and one Graduate Program ( PPS ) based on the regulation No . 5 16 March 2006 issued by the Ministry of Religious Affairs , namely :
Faculty of Shari'ah and Laws
Faculty Tarbiyah and Education
Faculty Ushuluddin and Philosophy
Faculty of Adab and Humanities
Faculty of Da'wah and Communications
Faculty of Science and Technology
Faculty of Health Sciences .
Faculty of Economics and Business Islamic
Graduate Program ( PPS )
References
Universities in Indonesia
Universities in South Sulawesi
Indonesian state universities
The 1954–55 season was the 56th completed season of The Football League .
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 , with home and away statistics separated .
Beginning with the season 1894–95 , clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average ( goals scored divided by goals conceded ) , or more properly put , goal ratio . In case one or more teams had the same goal difference , this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals . The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season .
From the 1922–23 season , the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election .
First Division
Chelsea celebrated their 50th anniversary by winning the First Division title – the first major trophy of their history . They finished four points above runners-up and defending champions Wolverhampton Wanderers , who were level on points with Portsmouth and Sunderland . Manchester United recovered well after a slow start to the season and finished fifth . Leicester City and Sheffield Wednesday went down to the Second Division .
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1954-55 in English football
References
Ian Laschke : Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 . Macdonald and Jane 's , London & Sydney , 1980 .
1958
Eng
1954–55 in English football leagues
Rodrigo Bentancur Colman ( born 25 June 1997 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Tottenham Hotspur and the Uruguay national team .
He started his career in the youth system of Argentine side Boca Juniors in 2009 . He was promoted to the senior squad in 2015 , and won two Primera División titles and a Copa Argentina with the team . He was signed by Italian club Juventus in 2017 , where he won three consecutive Serie A titles , among other trophies . In January 2022 , Bentancur joined Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League .
At international level , Bentancur was a member of the Uruguay U20 squad that won the 2017 South American U-20 Championship . He made his senior debut for Uruguay in 2017 , representing the side at the 2018 FIFA World Cup and the 2019 and 2021 Copa América .
Club career
Boca Juniors
Bentancur is a product of the Boca Juniors youth academy . On 12 April 2015 , he made his first team debut for the club in a league game against Nueva Chicago . He replaced Pablo Pérez after 77 minutes in a 0–0 home draw .
On 13 July 2015 , Bentancur , Guido Vadalá , Franco Cristaldo and Adrián Cubas became part of Carlos Tevez 's deal , which saw Juventus have the first option to sign the youngsters until 20 April 2017 , with Vadalá also joining Juventus on loan for the 2015–2017 seasons . Bentancur was tagged for €9.4 million . Juventus 's CEO Giuseppe Marotta later confirmed that Juventus would be exercising their option to sign Bentancur in 2017 . He arrived in Turin on 3 April 2017 and completed his medical on the same day . On 21 April 2017 Juventus completed their acquisition of Bentancur , signing him on a five-year deal effective from 1 July 2017 until 30 June 2022 for a €9.5 million transfer fee , plus additional performance based bonuses . Boca Juniors are also entitled to 50 % of any future transfer fee that Juventus receive for Bentancur . Bentancur subsequently returned to Argentina to play out the remainder of the 2016–17 season with Boca Juniors .
Juventus
Bentancur formally became a player of Juventus on 1 July 2017 , after the club activated the option to sign him in April 2017 , in a deal which would keep him at the club until 2022 . The first option to sign Bentancur was bought as part of Carlos Tevez 's deal in July 2015 . He made his club debut on 26 August 2017 , coming on as a substitute in a 4–2 away win over Genoa in Serie A .
On 6 October 2018 , Bentancur scored his first goal for the club in a 2–0 away win over Udinese in Serie A .
Tottenham Hotspur
On 31 January 2022 , Bentancur joined Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee . Bentancur made his debut for Spurs on 5 February in the FA Cup match against Brighton & Hove Albion , coming on a substitute in match that finished in a 3–1 win .
International career
Bentancur was a member of Uruguay national under-20 team , winning 2017 South American U-20 Championship . The squad also finished as the fourth in 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup .
In September 2017 , Bentancur received his first senior call-up to the Uruguayan national team by manager Óscar Tabárez for the team 's upcoming 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Venezuela and Bolivia in October . He made his international debut on 5 October , coming on as a substitute in Uruguay 's 0–0 away draw against Venezuela . He was named in the squad for the China Cup in March 2018 .
In May 2018 , Bentancur was named in Uruguay 's provisional 26-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia . He was later included in the team 's final 23-man squad for the tournament . He appeared in Uruguay 's opening match of the tournament on 15 June , a 1–0 victory over Egypt at the Yekaterinburg Arena . In the Round of 16 match against Portugal on 30 June , he set-up Edinson Cavani 's second goal in an eventual 2–1 victory . Uruguay were eliminated from the tournament following a 2–0 defeat to eventual champions France in the quarter-finals on 6 July .
In March 2019 , Tabárez included Bentancur in the final 23-man Uruguay squad for the 2019 Copa América in Brazil . In the quarter-finals against Peru on 29 June , a 0–0 draw after regulation time saw the match go to a penalty shoot-out ; although Bentancur was able to score his kick , Uruguay lost the shoot-out 4–5 and were eliminated from the competition .
Style of play
A dynamic , hard-working , skillful , elegant , and tactically versatile midfielder , who is comfortable using either foot , Bentancur has been described as a tall and `` physically strong '' player , who is capable of playing in any midfield position , including as a defensive midfielder , as a central midfielder , as a winger on either flank , in a box-to-box role , or even as a mezzala , or as an attacking midfielder behind the forwards , due to his ability to make attacking runs from behind .
He also possesses good close control , technique , and quick footwork , which enable him to get past opponents when in possession , while his vision , intelligence , personality , and incisive passing also allow him to set the tempo of his team 's play in a more creative role as a regista deep in midfield , and create goalscoring opportunities for his teammates after winning back the ball . His height and strong frame also enable him to act as a `` target man '' in an advanced midfield role ; he has even played as a second striker on occasion .
Although his acceleration is not particularly impressive , he is also a mobile player , who is capable of pressing opponents further up the pitch . Moreover , he has also drawn praise in the media for his composure and quick-thinking both with and without the ball . Due to his precociousness , talent , maturity , and wide range of skills , he is considered to be a highly promising young player in the media .
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Uruguay 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Bentancur goal .
Honours
Boca Juniors
Primera División : 2015 , 2016–17
Copa Argentina : 2014–15
Juventus
Serie A : 2017–18 , 2018–19 , 2019–20
Coppa Italia : 2017–18 , 2020–21
Supercoppa Italiana : 2018 , 2020
Uruguay U20
South American Youth Football Championship : 2017
References
External links
Rodrigo Bentancur at Juventus
1997 births
Living people
People from Nueva Helvecia
Uruguayan people of French descent
Uruguayan footballers
Association football midfielders
Uruguay international footballers
Uruguay under-20 international footballers
2018 FIFA World Cup players
2019 Copa América players
2021 Copa América players
Boca Juniors footballers
Juventus F.C . players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C . players
Argentine Primera División players
Serie A players
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Premier League players
Bryan Anthony van Putten ( born September 15 , 1985 ) is a Dutch Caribbean songwriter , singer , and guitarist . Born on the island of Aruba , he attended high school at the Colegio Arubano and studied classical and electric guitar at the Cas di Cultura under the tutelage of Ivan Jansen . In the summer of 2004 , van Putten moved to Europe where he studied at the Erasmus University in the Netherlands and the Salamanca University in Spain .
Career stats
Bryan van Putten is the winner of the 2010 Audience Award during the Grote Prijs van Zuid-Holland ( `` Big prize of South-Holland '' ) , in the singer-songwriter category . He has also opened for international acts such as Ben Mills ( UK ) .
As a native of Aruba , his Caribbean heritage and Latin American influences can often be heard in the at times exotic rhythms of his music .
In 2011 , Bryan van Putten was recorded live for television intermezzos by Oscar Langerak . These 4 films are still used and can be seen from time to time on regional broadcaster Open Rotterdam .
Van Putten has collaborated with international and local artists and also recorded cross-overs with rappers Hitman & The General and has produced singles for local Aruban artists such as Rachel Kraaijvanger and Oslin Trimon .
As a resident at the Hemingway Social Club in Rotterdam from 2011 to 2013 , van Putten could be seen performing regularly ; most of the time accompanied by friends or allowing members of the audience to participate .
Early days
Van Putten took up the guitar as a child , beginning lessons at the age of nine . Although he was n't fond of them , he stuck with it and learned to appreciate the instrument . At 11 , he joined the band `` Dypers '' , becoming the vocalist . He moved on to composing and arranging music . His early entry into the bands started with Track One and Intra Muros .
Discography
Bryan van Putten released his most well known single on April 21 , 2013 . The song is entitled Spanish Heartbreak . The most recent release by Bryan van Putten is titled Lama . A song written and sung in his native language Papiamento . Lama was released on March 17 , 2018 .
References
1985 births
Living people
Aruban singers
21st-century Dutch male singers
St Ann 's Hospice is a charity in Greater Manchester , England , providing palliative care .
It was established in 1971 on the initiative of Dr Moya Cole from the Christie Hospital , Manchester . It now runs three centres : the Neil Cliffe Centre at University Hospital of South Manchester NHS Foundation Trust , St Ann 's Hospice Heald Green , and St Ann 's Hospice , Little Hulton .
Like most hospices in the UK , it is largely funded by voluntary donations . About a third of its funding is provided by the NHS , so has to raise around £20,000 a day to keep the hospices open .
The organisation abandoned national NHS payscales in 2014 and set up its own .
References
External links
St Ann 's Hospice
The Neil Cliffe Centre
Hospices in England
Health in Greater Manchester
1971 establishments in England
Sonchat Ratiwatana and Sanchai Ratiwatana were the defending champions of the Men 's Doubles competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games but lost to Do Minh Quan and Ngo Huang Huy in the quarterfinals . Christopher Rungkat and Elbert Sie won the title by beating Treat Conrad Huey and Cecil Mamiit 2–6 , 6–2 , [ 10–7 ] in the final .
Medalists
Draw
Seeds
All seeds received bye to the quarterfinals .
Sanchai Ratiwatana / Sonchat Ratiwatana ( quarterfinals )
Danai Udomchoke / Kittipong Wachiramanowong ( semifinals )
Christopher Rungkat / Elbert Sie ( champion )
Aditya Hari Sasongko / David Agung Susanto ( quarterfinals )
Main draw
References
Draw
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Men 's Doubles
Terahertz nondestructive evaluation pertains to devices , and techniques of analysis occurring in the terahertz domain of electromagnetic radiation . These devices and techniques evaluate the properties of a material , component or system without causing damage .
Terahertz imaging
Terahertz imaging is an emerging and significant nondestructive evaluation ( NDE ) technique used for dielectric ( nonconducting , i.e. , an insulator ) materials analysis and quality control in the pharmaceutical , biomedical , security , materials characterization , and aerospace industries . It has proved to be effective in the inspection of layers in paints and coatings ,
detecting structural defects in ceramic and composite materials
and imaging the physical structure of paintings and manuscripts .
The use of THz waves for non-destructive evaluation enables inspection of multi-layered structures and can identify abnormalities from foreign material inclusions , disbond and delamination , mechanical impact damage , heat damage , and water or hydraulic fluid ingression .
This new method can play a significant role in a number of industries for materials characterization applications where precision thickness mapping ( to assure product dimensional tolerances within a product and from product-to-product ) and density mapping ( to assure product quality within a product and from product-to-product ) are required .
Nondestructive evaluation
Sensors and instruments are employed in the 0.1 to the 10 THz range for nondestructive evaluation , which includes detection .
Terahertz Density Thickness Imager
The Terahertz Density Thickness Imager is a nondestructive inspection method that employs terahertz energy for density and thickness mapping in dielectric , ceramic , and composite materials . This non-contact , single-sided terahertz electromagnetic measurement and imaging method characterizes micro-structure and thickness variation in dielectric ( insulating ) materials . This method was demonstrated for the Space Shuttle external tank sprayed-on foam insulation and has been designed for use as an inspection method for current and future NASA thermal protection systems and other dielectric material inspection applications where no contact can be made with the sample due to fragility and it is impractical to use ultrasonic methods .
Rotational spectroscopy
Rotational spectroscopy uses electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 0.1 to 4 terahertz ( THz ) . This range includes millimeter-range wavelengths and is particularly sensitive to chemical molecules . The resulting THz absorption produces a unique and reproducible spectral pattern that identifies the material . THz spectroscopy can detect trace amounts of explosives in less than one second . Because explosives continually emit trace amounts of vapor , it should be possible to use these methods to detect concealed explosives from a distance .
THz-wave radar
THz-wave radar can sense gas leaks , chemicals and nuclear materials . In field tests , THz-wave radar detected chemicals at the 10-ppm level from 60 meters away . This method can be used in a fence line or aircraft mounted system that works day or night in any weather . It can locate and track chemical and radioactive plumes . THz-wave radar that can sense radioactive plumes from nuclear plants have detected plumes several kilometers away based on radiation-induced ionization effects in air .
THz tomography
THz tomography techniques are nondestructive methods that can use THz pulsed beam or millimeter-range sources to locate objects in 3D . These techniques include tomography , tomosynthesis , synthetic aperture radar and time of flight . Such techniques can resolve details on scales of less than one millimeter in objects that are several tens of centimeters in size .
Passive/active imaging techniques
Security imaging is currently being done by both active and passive methods . Active systems illuminate the subject with THz radiation whereas passive systems merely view the naturally occurring radiation from the subject .
Evidently passive systems are inherently safe , whereas an argument can be made that any form of `` irradiation '' of a person is undesirable . In technical and scientific terms , however , the active illumination schemes are safe according to all current legislation and standards .
The purpose of using active illumination sources is primarily to make the signal-to-noise ratio better . This is analogous to using a flash on a standard optical light camera when the ambient lighting level is too low .
For security imaging purposes the operating frequencies are typically in the range 0.1 THz to 0.8 THz ( 100 GHz to 800 GHz ) . In this range skin is not transparent so the imaging systems can look through clothing and hair , but not inside the body . There are privacy issues associated with such activities , especially surrounding the active systems since the active systems , with their higher quality images , can show very detailed anatomical features .
Active systems such as the L3 Provision and the Smiths eqo are actually mm-wave imaging systems rather than Terahertz imaging systems like Millitech systems . These widely deployed systems do not display images , avoiding any privacy issues . Instead they display generic `` mannequin '' outlines with any anomalous regions highlighted .
Since security screening is looking for anomalous images , items like false legs , false arms , colostomy bags , body-worn urinals , body-worn insulin pumps , and external breast augmentations will show up . Note that breast implants , being under the skin , will not be revealed .
Active imaging techniques can be used to perform medical imaging . Because THz radiation is biologically safe ( non ionisant ) , it can be used in high resolution imaging to detect skin cancer .
Space Shuttle inspections
NASA Space Shuttle inspections are an example of this technology 's application .
After the Shuttle Columbia accident in 2003 , Columbia Accident Investigation Board recommendation R3.2.1 stated “ Initiate an aggressive program to eliminate all External Tank Thermal Protection System debris-shedding at the source…. ” To support this recommendation , inspection methods for flaws in foam are being evaluated , developed , and refined at NASA .
STS-114 employed Space Shuttle Discovery , and was the first `` Return to Flight '' Space Shuttle mission following the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster . It launched at 10:39 EDT , 26 July 2005 . During the STS-114 flight significant foam shedding was observed . Therefore , the ability to nondestructively detect and characterize crushed foam after that flight became a significant priority when it was believed that the staff processing the tank had crushed foam by walking on it or from hail damage when the shuttle was on the launch pad or during other preparations for launch .
Additionally , density variations in the foam were also potential points of flaw initiation causing foam shedding . The innovation described below answered the call to develop a nondestructive , totally non-contact , non-liquid-coupled method that could simultaneously and precisely characterize thickness variation ( from crushed foam due to worker handling and hail damage ) and density variation in foam materials . It was critical to have a method that did not require fluid ( water ) coupling ; i.e . ; ultrasonic testing methods require water coupling .
There are millions of dollars of ultrasonic equipment in the field and on the market that are used as thickness gauges and density meters . When terahertz nondestructive evaluation is fully commercialized into a more portable form , and becomes less expensive it will be able to replace the ultrasonic instruments for structural plastic , ceramic , and foam materials . The new instruments will not require liquid coupling thereby enhancing their usefulness in field applications and possibly for high-temperature in-situ applications where liquid coupling is not possible . A potential new market segment can be developed with this technology .
See also
Destructive testing
Inspection
Maintenance testing
Product certification
Quality control
Risk-based inspection
Failure analysis
Forensic engineering
Materials science
Predictive maintenance
Reliability engineering
Stress testing
Terahertz radiation
Terahertz metamaterials
References
Further reading
On this page also see the sections that follow for use of the Terahertz domain : Small Organic Molecular Crystals / Materials Properties ( Glasses etc . ) , Understanding of Vibrational Modes at Terahertz Frequencies , Quantum Cascade Laser Applications , Implementation of Novel Sensing Paradigms , and Dynamics in Biomolecules .
Original PhD . dissertation by Christopher D. Stoik , Lieutenant Colonel , USAF . December 2008 .
Free online article .
Nondestructive testing
Materials testing
Materials science
Terahertz technology
Martin Wetzer ( 7 August 1868 – 29 September 1954 ) was a Finnish jurist and general . He fought in World War I and during the Finnish Civil War fought on the side of the White movement . He also commanded Finnish volunteers in the Estonian War of Independence . He retired with the rank of lieutenant general and was promoted to general of the infantry in retirement .
Biography
Early life
Wetzer was born on 7 August 1868 in Pfronten in the Kingdom of Bavaria , the son of Martin Wetzer , an engineer for the Finnish Pilot Board . in the Grand Duchy of Finland , then a part of the Russian Empire , he attended Hamina Cadet School from 1882 to 1889 .
Wetzer had a brother , Konni Wetzer ( 1871–1940 ) , who became a noted theater director .
Early career
Upon graduation in 1889 , Wetzer was commissioned as an ensign . He served as an officer in the Finnish Guards ' Rifle Battalion from 1889 to 1906 and was promoted to lieutenant in 1893 , to staff captain in 1897 and to captain in 1901 . He also graduated from the University of Helsinki as a gymnastics teacher in 1898 . The Finnish Guard was ordered disbanded in 1905 , beginning a lengthy process which lasted into 1906 , and after he finally mustered out of it in 1906 he received a post-service termination salary for his time in the battalion .
After leaving the battalion , Wetzer began to study law at the University of Helsinki , from which he graduated with a Bachelor of Laws in 1910 . He became a lawyer , a position he held until 1914 , and was a partner in the law firm Wetzer & Wahlberg in Vyborg from 1910 to 1917 . He became a deputy judge in 1913 .
World War I
When World War I broke out in 1914 , Wetzer returned to active military service in the Imperial Russian Army . He was promoted to lieutenant colonel at the beginning of the war and served as a battalion commander in Galicia , the Carpathian Mountains , Lithuania , and Byelorussia during the first two years of the war . He was promoted to colonel in 1915 and commanded an infantry division in Bukovina from 1916 to 1917 . After the Russian Revolution began in 1917 , Wetzer resigned from the army and returned to Finland .
Finnish Civil War
In Finland , Wetzer joined the Military Committee , which sought the Independence of Finland . Immediately at the beginning of the Finnish Civil War in late January 1918 , Wetzer became an important figure in the organization of the White Army of Finland , as he was a close friend of General Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim , who had been appointed commander-in-chief . When forming his staff in January 1918 , Mannerheim appointed Wetzer as the first chief of staff . On 27 January 1918 , the first day of the war , Wetzer was also allowed to lead the disarmament of the Russians in the central city of Vaasa , which had the largest Russian Army garrison in South Ostrobothnia . As early as 5 February 1918 , Wetzer was transferred to the Häme Group as commander and he took over the central Vilppula front , where the Red Guards repeatedly attacked to take over the strategically important railway crossing at Haapamäki . The Häme Group repulsed the Reds ' attacks in Vilppula , but was unable to begin progress towards Tampere as planned until the Jämsä Group , commanded by Colonel Karl Wilkman , struck the Reds in Orivesi and forced them to retreat . However , the Häme Group , commanded by Wetzer , played a key role in the conquest of Tampere at the beginning of April At the decisive stage , at the turn of March–April 1918 , all troops attacking the center of Tampere from the east and south were under Wetzer 's command . He was promoted to major general after the conquest of Tampere . When the White War leadership was reorganized , on 7 April 1918 , Wetzer became the commander of the Western Army , and he was responsible for the battles along the Lempäälä–Tuulos–Lammi–Hämeenlinna in the last weeks of the war . The war ended in a White victory in on 15 May 1918 , and he resigned from permanent military service in June 1918 .
Estonian War of Independence
In January 1919 , Wetzer joined the Estonian Army as a volunteer and served as the commander of all Finnish volunteer forces in Estonia for three months . He then came into severe conflict with Estonian Colonel Hans Kalm , who commanded the Northern Sons Regiment . Estonians did not trust Wetzer because he was seen as a defender of the Baltic German nobility and the interests of the Russian White movement , which sought support from Estonia for Mannerheim 's plan for an attack on Petrograd as part of the Russian Civil War . By taking advantage of the anti-German sentiment of the Estonians , Kalm brought about the de facto expulsion of Wetzer , described publicly as a trip to the homeland because of health issues .
Later life
After returning to Finland , Wetzer served as the commander of the Finnish Army 's 3rd Division from 1919 to 1920 and as commander of the 2nd Division from 1921 to 1925 . Occasionally he was employed by the law firm of Antell & Söderhjelm for a year at a time . He was also the chairman of the Finnish delegation to ceasefire negotiations between Finland and Soviet Russia in 1920 and a member of the Hornborg Committee defense audit of 1923 to 1926 . As demands for the resignation of old tsarist officers increased in the mid-1920s , Wetzer resigned from the military in 1925 and received upon his resignation.a promotion to the rank of lieutenant general . In retirement , he was promoted to the rank of general of the infantry in 1928 .
After his military career , Wetzer worked in the Helsinki Court of Appeal as a notary in 1926 and as a legal adviser from 1927 to 1938 . After retiring from government service , he worked for the Industrial Mutual Fire Insurance Company from 1938 to 1945 . During the Winter War of 1939–1940 and the Continuation War of 1941–1944 , Wetzer held a special position as `` commander-in-chief , '' which mainly involved the distribution of medals to wounded soldiers in military hospitals . He died in Helsinki on 29 September 1954 .
References
External links
Det vita högkvarteret 1918
Martin Wetzer
1868 births
1954 deaths
People from Ostallgäu
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Finnish generals
Russian military personnel of World War I
People of the Finnish Civil War ( White side )
20th-century Finnish judges
Ruger is a common shortened name for American firearms manufacturer Sturm , Ruger & Co .
'' 'Ruger may also refer to :
People
Ruger ( surname )
Other
Fort Ruger , a fort on the island of Oʻahu that served as the first military reservation in the Territory of Hawaii
Ruger Hauer , a hip hop and rap group from Helsinki , Finland
Ruger Lake , located in Glacier National Park , in the U. S. state of Montana
See also
Rüger
`` Come to the Funfair '' ( originally called `` Funfair '' ) is a song first written for the 1968 musical film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang but was cut almost entirely from the final edit of the film . The musical theme is still heard in the soundtrack immediately after `` Caractacus Potts '' ( Dick Van Dyke ) sings `` Hushabye Mountain '' . Then Potts gets the idea to earn money by cutting hair at the funfair . The music is heard as carnies walk by in the distance . The song was written by Robert B. Sherman & Richard M. Sherman .
Musical resurrection
The song was resurrected for the 2002 stage production of the same name and was fashioned into a big transitional dance number . It was choreographed by Gillian Lynne . The song was directed with a `` tinge of the psychedelic '' by Royal Shakespeare Company director Adrian Noble partly as an ode to the original film 's director 's ( Ken Hughes ' ) fresh filmic treatment of the story . In the stage production of `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' an Acme siren is featured in the song .
1968 songs
Songs from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Songs written by the Sherman Brothers
Cyperus dives is a plant in the genus Cyperus of the sedge family , Cyperaceae , which is found from south-west Syria to Africa , and from Pakistan to Vietnam .
The SANBI Red List of South African Plants assessed its conservation status as being of `` Least Concern '' in 2006 .
Description
Protologue
`` Sa tige est lisse , triangulaire , haute de 13 à 16 décimètres [ 4 à 5 pieds ] . Ses feuilles radicales sont longues d'environ un mètre [ 3 pieds ] , rudes à leur sommet , sur leurs bords , leur nervure dorsale , et vers leurs sommet sur deux nervures principales de leur face supérieure , où elles sont aiguillonnées par des dents très fines . Les rayons d'ombrelle sont au nombre de cinq à dix ; les plus grands ont 15 centimètres de longueur [ environ 6 pouces ] .
`` Les feuilles extérieures de l'involucre sont longues d'environ 3 à 6 décimètres [ un ou deux pieds ] , et sont rudes et finement aiguillonnées de la même manière que les feuilles radicales .
`` Les épillets sont lancéolés , assez lâches , longs de 6 à 10 millimètres [ 3 à 4 lignes ] , présentant de toutes parts sur l'ombrelle leurs sommets aigus ; ils contiennent seize , vingt et trente fleurs . Il y a trois étamines et un style trifide dans chaque fleur . Les écailles sont ovoïdes , tronquées à leur base , brièvement acuminées au sommet , membraneuses , un peu ondulées et comme déchirées sur les bords .
`` Le Cyperus dives croît dans les champs humides du Delta : on le cultive pour le couper et faire des nattes avec ses tiges fendues en lanières .
`` Le Cyperus dives et le Cyperus alopecuroides LIN , croîssent ensemble en Égypte , et servent au même usage l'un que l'autre ; ils croîssent aussi dans l'Inde . J'ai vu quelquefois ces deux plantes confondues l'une avec l'autres dans les herbiers .
`` Le Cyperus alopecuroides n ' a point les épillets lisses ; ils ne sont point lancéolés , mais ovoïdes ; leurs écailles sont peu serrées , et se replient en dedans par les bords en se desséchant ; les styles sont bifides . ''
Translation
The stems are smooth , triangular , and grow to heights of . The basal leaves are about one metre ( 3 ft ) long , and are rough at the top , on their edges , on their dorsal veins , and towards their apex on two main veins of their upper face , where they have very fine needle-like teeth . The umbel rays are five to ten in number ; the largest are in length . The outer ( leaf-like ) bracts of the involucre are about long , and are rough and finely needled in the same way as the basal leaves .
The spikelets are lanceolate , rather loose , long , showing on all sides of the umbel their sharp apices ; they contain sixteen , twenty , and thirty flowers . Each flower has three stamens and a trifid style . The scales are ovoid , truncated at their base , briefly acuminate at the top , membranous , a slightly undulating and torn at the edges .
Cyperus dives grow in the wet fields of the Delta : it is grown for cutting , to make mats from the stems split into strips .
Cyperus dives and Cyperus alopecuroides L. , grow together in Egypt , and serve the same purpose . They also grow in India . Sometimes , in herbaria , I have seen these two plants confounded .
Cyperus alopecuroides does not have smooth spikelets ; they are not lanceolate , but ovoid ; their scales are not very tight , and fold inwards by the edges when drying ; the styles are bifid .
References
External links
Cyperus dives occurrence data from GBIF
Cyperus dives ( Flora of Israel Online ) For a series of photographs
Cords and a fishnet from Cyperus & Scirpus
dives
Taxa named by Alire Raffeneau Delile
Flora of Africa
Flora of the Indian subcontinent
Flora of Palestine ( region )
Flora of Lebanon
Flora of Syria
Flora of Vietnam
Plants described in 1813
Winterborn is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Donnersbergkreis
Soud Al Mejmed ( born 22 July 1988 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who currently plays as a striker .
References
1988 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Association football defenders
Kuwait international footballers
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
Qadsia SC players
Sportspeople from Kuwait City
AFC Cup winning players
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Kuwait
Kuwait Premier League players
The 1956 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 20 , 1956 , to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
The campaign
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation government of Tommy Douglas lost a significant share of the popular vote , and 6 of the seats it had won in the 1952 election ; but retained its majority in the legislature , winning a fourth term in office .
The Liberal Party of Alexander H. McDonald also lost votes , but picked up an additional three seats .
The Social Credit Party of Saskatchewan rebounded from its poor results in previous elections to win over 21 % of the popular vote . Because this was spread out across the province , however , the party won only 3 seats in the legislature under the British parliamentary first-past-the-post system .
Results
Percentages
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Saskatchewan
1956 in Saskatchewan
1956
June 1956 events in Canada
X̱á : ytem ( ) is an indigenous archaeological site and the name of a related museum run under the auspices of the Stoːlo people at Hatzic , British Columbia , Canada . X̱á : ytem is approximately 80 kilometres east of Vancouver on Highway 7 . It is reached via the bridge at Mission , about 15 kilometres from the border with the US state of Washington . The site was designated in 1992 as a national historic site of Canada for its spiritual value to the Stoːlo people , as well as being one of the oldest discovered habitation sites at approximately 5000 years old . It was listed on the Canadian register of historic places in 2005 . It is also known as Hatzic Rock National Historic Site of Canada .
History
Indigenous peoples occupied this area along the northern bank of the Fraser River for thousands of years . The historical peoples who encountered European colonists were the Stoːlo .
A large moss-covered boulder , known as a transformer rock and of deep spiritual importance , has survived from ancient times . According to the book You Are Asked to Witness , the transformer god XaːIs was travelling through the land and punished three for not adopting new ways to preserve and protect Stóːlō traditions and knowledge . To teach them a lesson , the god transformed them into stone .
Over time , during the years after alienation of native lands by colonization , the site of X̱á : ytem had been used as a pasture . The property is adjacent to a highway built in the early 20th century . After it was sold to a developer and initial work on grading the site was begun , concerns about the site 's potential archaeological value prompted an examination by Gordon Mohs . This led to the dramatic finding that it was immensely ancient , and it has been ranked among the oldest-known habitation sites in North America .
Following the discovery , the government arranged to transfer the land to the Stóːlō , the First Nation that has historically been in the area , for archaeological and museum purposes . It paid the erstwhile owner compensation for his lost opportunity in development ; an extensive residential subdivision had been planned . The Stóːlō have built a museum , the X̱á : ytem Longhouse Interpretive Centre , to educate visitors about the site .
Excavations have been carried out in consultation with the Stóːlō . Researchers have found at the habitation site `` evidence of rectangular pit/ longhouses of long-term occupation with remains of post , hearth and floor features , trade goods , storage , food , and spiritual activity . ''
See also
Archaeology of the Americas
Arlington Springs Man -
Calico Early Man Site -
Cueva de las Manos -
Buhl Woman -
Fort Rock Cave -
Kennewick Man -
Kwäday Dän Tsʼìnchi -
Marmes Rockshelter -
Luzia Woman -
Mummy Cave -
Paisley Caves -
References
External links
X̱á : ytem Longhouse Interpretive Centre
A Journey into a New Land , Simon Fraser University Museum of Archeology and Ethnology , 2005 , scientific documentary
A Journey into Time Immemorial , Simon Fraser University Museum of Archeology and Ethnology , 2008 , cultural and artistic account of ancient peoples
Archaeological sites in British Columbia
History of British Columbia
Museums in British Columbia
First Nations museums in Canada
First Nations culture
Sto : lo
Heritage sites in British Columbia
National Historic Sites in British Columbia
Newbern is an unincorporated community in Shelby County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
Newbern was located on the Miami and Erie Canal .
References
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
San Francisco de Borja is a town and seat of the municipality of San Francisco de Borja , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town of San Francisco de Borja had a population of 1,157 , up from 1,142 as of 2005 .
San Francisco de Borja was founded as a Jesuit mission in the 1640s to the Tarahumara . The Tarahumara destroyed it in war with the Spanish in 1648 , but it was later rebuilt .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
Mohammed Arkoun ( ; 1 February 1928 – 14 September 2010 ) was an Algerian scholar and thinker . He was considered to have been one of the most influential secular scholars in Islamic studies contributing to contemporary intellectual Islamic reform . In a career of more than 30 years , he had been a critic of the tensions embedded in his field of study , advocating Islamic modernism , secularism , and humanism . During his academic career , he wrote his numerous books mostly in French , and occasionally in English and Arabic .
Academic career
Arkoun was born in 1928 in Taourirt Mimoun , a Berber village in Great Kabylia in northern Algeria . His family was traditional , religious and relatively poor . His father was a shopkeeper in Ain al-Arba ' a , a wealthy French settlement in east of Oran . He attended primary school in his Berber-speaking home village until he was nine-years-old . As the eldest son , he was expected to learn his father 's trade , while continuing to attend primary school . He studied at the Faculty of Literature of the University of Algiers and at the Sorbonne in Paris ( agrégé in Arabic language and Literature , 1956 and Ph.D. , 1968 ) . He established his academic reputation with his studies of the history and philosophy of Ibn Miskawayh . As he began to consider how one might rethink Islam in the contemporary world , his questioning provided a counterpoint to the predominant interpretations of both the Muslim world and the non-Muslim West . As the editor of Arabica , he broadened the journal 's scope , and played a significant role in shaping Western-language scholarship on Islam . He is the author of numerous books in French , English and Arabic , including most recently : Rethinking Islam ( Boulder , Colorado , 1994 ) , L'immigration : défis et richesses ( Paris , 1998 ) and The Unthought in Contemporary Islamic Thought ( London , 2002 ) . His shorter studies have appeared in many academic journals and his works have been translated into several languages .
He was decorated as a Commander of the French Legion of Honor in 2004 , before that a Chevalier and Officer in 1984 and 1996 , respectively . In 2001 , Professor Arkoun was asked to deliver the Gifford Lectures , which enable a notable scholar to contribute to the advancement of theological and philosophical thought and was announced as the recipient of the Seventeenth Georgio Levi Della Vida Award for his lifelong contribution to the field of Islamic Studies .
Arkoun taught at the Lyon 2 University ( 1969–1972 ) , as a professor , and at the Paris 8 University , and at the New Sorbonne University of Paris ( 1972–1992 ) . He was a Fellow at Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin ( 1986–1987 and 1990 ) and at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey , U.S.A ( 1992–1993 ) , visiting professor at University of California , Los Angeles ( 1969 ) , Princeton University ( 1985 ) , Temple University , the University of Louvain-la-Neuve , Wallonia , Belgium , ( 1977–1979 ) , the Pontifical Institute of Arabic Studies in Rome and the University of Amsterdam ( 1991–1993 ) and served as a jury member for the Aga Khan Award for Architecture . At the time of his death he was a Emeritus Professor at La Sorbonne as well as Senior Research Fellow and member of the Board of Governors of The Institute of Ismaili Studies ( IIS ) , At IIS , he has taught various graduate courses including unthought in contemporary Islamic thought , rethinking Islam , contemporary challenges of Muslim world and traditions for almost a decade . He appeared on numerous occasions on French TV and magazines , on Berbère Télévision speaking in Kabyle , his mother tongue , and on Al Jazeera speaking in Arabic .
Arkoun died on the evening of September 14 , 2010 , in Paris .
Ideology
Arkoun advocated a radical paradigm shift that would allow for the rethinking of Islam as a cultural and religious system and subvert ideological and dogmatic constructs with hegemonic claims . He was committed to contribute to an archaeology of the hidden , repressed , and marginalised elements of Islam , in order to uncover , and set free , what he called , 'the exhaustive tradition ' of Islam . Most of his work is written in French rather than Arabic . In order to counter-act the philological and historical bias of traditional Islamic studies , he advocated what he called “ applied Islamology ” —following Roger Bastide 's concept of “ applied anthropology. ” Applied Islamology aims to establish a “ disciplinary space between political and historical sciences ” ( Arkoun , The answers , 25 ) , taking into consideration elements of the courte and longue durée , as well as contemporary social factors . Arkoun has developed an inclusive approach which seeks to deal with Islamic tradition in its entirety , including elements characterised by the representatives of orthodoxy ( or official religion ) as heterodox , and therefore marginalised and repressed . He has adopted a multifaceted and holistic approach which looks between traditional dogma and axioms . Arkoun 's critique of Islamic reason serves as the unifying theme , or leitmotif for the different concepts he elaborated over the course of time .
Main publications
In English
Arab Thought , ed . S.Chand , New Delhi , 1988 .
Rethinking Islam : Common questions , Uncommon answers , today , Westview Press , Boulder , 1994 .
The concept of revelation : from the people of the book to the societies of the book , Claremont Graduate University , Claremont , California , 1988 .
The Unthought in Contemporary Islamic Thought , London , 2002 .
Islam : To Reform or to Subvert , Saqi Books , London , 2006 .
In French
Deux Epîtres de Miskawayh , édition critique , ed . B.E.O , Damas , 1961 .
Aspects de la pensée islamique classique , ed . IPN , Paris , 1963 .
L'humanisme arabe au 4e/10e siècle , ed . Vrin , Paris , 1973 .
Traité d'Ethique , Trad. , introd. , notes du Tahdhîb al-akhlâq de Miskawayh , 1e éd.1969 ( 2e éd.1988 ) .
Essais sur la pensée islamique , 1e ed . Maisonneuve & Larose , Paris , 1973 ( 2e éd . 1984 ) .
La Pensée arabe , 1e éd . P.U.F. , Paris , 1975 ( 6e éd . 2002 ) .
L'Islam , hier , demain , ( with Louis Gardet ) , 2e ed . Buchet-Chastel , Paris , 1982 ( translation in Arabic , Beyrouth 1983 ) .
L'Islam , religion et société , ed . Cerf , Paris , 1982 ( translated in Italia , RAI 1980 ) .
Lectures du Coran , 1e ed . Albin Michel , Paris , 1982 ( 2e Aleef , Tunis 1991 ) .
Pour une critique de la Raison islamique , Paris , 1984 .
L'Islam , morale et politique , UNESCO-Desclée , Paris , 1986 .
Religion et laïcité : Une approche laïque de l'Islam , ed . L'Arbrelle , Paris , 1989 .
Ouvertures sur l'Islam , 1e ed . J. Grancher , Paris , 1989 .
L'Islam , approche critique , Paris , 1989 .
Ouvertures sur l'islam , Paris , 1992 .
L´Islam et les musulmans dans le monde , Paris , 1993 .
Penser l'islam aujourd'hui , Alger , 1993 .
L'Islam . Approche critique , Le livre du mois , Paris , 2002 .
Combats pour l'Humanisme en contextes islamiques , Paris , 2002 .
De Manhattan à Bagdad : Au-delà du Bien et du Mal , Paris , 2003 .
ABC de l'islam , Paris , 2007 .
La question éthique et juridique dans la pensée islamique , Paris , 2010 .
La Construction humaine de l'islam , Paris , 2012 .
Quand l'islam s'éveillera , Paris , 2018 .
In Arabic
Al-Fikr al-'arabiyy ( ) , ed . Uwaydat , Beyrouth 1979 .
Al-Islâm : Asâla wa Mumârasa ( ) , ed . Latakia , Damascus , 1986 .
Ta'rîkhiyyat al-fikr al-'arabiyy al-islâmiyy ( ) , ed . Markaz al-inmâ ' al-qawmiyy , Beyrouth 1986 .
Al-Fikr al-islâmiyy : Qirâ ' a 'ilmiyya ( ) , ed . Arab cultural center , Beyrouth 1987 .
Al-islâm : al-Akhlâq wal-Siyâsa ( ) , ed . Arab Printing , Publishing and Distribution center , Cairo , 1988 .
Al-fikr al-islâmi : Naqd wa-jtihâd ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1990 .
Al-'almana wa-l-dîn ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1990 .
Mina-l-ijtihâd ilâ naqd al-'aql al-islâmî ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1991 .
Min Faysal al-Tafriqa ilâ Fasl-al-Maqâl : Ayna huwa-l-Fikr al-islâmiyy al-mu ‘ âsir ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1993 .
Al-Islâm , Urubbâ , wal-Gharb : Rihânât al-ma'nâ wa Irâdât al-Haymana ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1995 .
Naz ‘ at al-Ansana fî-l-fikr al- ‘ arabiyy ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1997 .
Qadâyâ fî Naqd al-Fikr al-dînî ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Talî ‘ a , Beyrouth 1998 .
Al-Fikr al-usûlî wal-stihâlat al-Ta'sîl ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Sâqî , London , 1999 .
Ma ‘ ârik min ajli-l-ansana fî-l-siyâqât al-islâmiyya ( ) , ed . Dâr al-sâqî , London , 2001 .
The Qur'an : Min al-Tafsîr al-mawrûth ilâ tahlîl al-khitâb al-dînî ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Talî ‘ a , Beyrouth 2001 .
The Qur'an from the inherited interpretation to the analysis of religious discourse ( ) , ed . Dâr al-Talî ‘ a , Beyrouth 2001 .
In Dutch
Islam in Discussie , 24 vragen over de Islam , éd . Uitgeverij Contact , Amsterdam 1993 .
Islam & De Democratie ; Een ontmoeting , en collaboration avec Frits Bolkestein , Uitgeverij Contact , Amsterdam 1994 .
Several articles and interviews in Dutch Journals .
In Indonesian
Nalar Islami dan nalar modern : Berbagai Tantangan dan Jalan Baru , Trans . Johan H. Meuleman , INIS , Jakarta 1994 .
Berbagai Pembacaan Quran , Trans . Machasin , ed . Johan H. Meuleman , INIS , Jakarta 1997 , 256 p .
Kajian Kontemporer al-Qur'an , Trans . Hidayatullah , Pustaka , Bandung , 1998 , 265 p .
Membedah Pemikiran Islam , Trans . Hidayatullah , Pustaka , Bandung , 2000
Honours and awards
Honours
Commandeur of the Legion of Honour ( France ) .
Officier of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques ( France ) .
Awards
Giorgio Levi Della Vida Award ( London , 2002 ) .
The Ibn Rushd Prize for Freedom of Thought ( Berlin , 2003 ) .
Prize for culture ( Doha , 2010 ) .
International Prize of Acharif Al Idrissi ( Palermo , 2012 - posthumously ) .
Prize Izerfan ( Rabat , 2012 - posthumously ) .
Trophy for the promotion of human rights ( Rabat , 2012 - posthumously ) .
Acknowledgement
Member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences and Arts of Morocco .
Honorary degrees
University of Exeter .
References
External links
Wael Abu-Uksa , `` Rediscovering the Mediterranean : Political Critic and Mediterraneanism in Mohammed Arkoun 's Thought '' , Journal of Levantine Studies 1 ( Summer 2011 ) : 173-191
Autobiography of Mohammad Arkoun in Ibn-rush.org
Mohammed Arkoun , `` The Struggle for Humanism in Islamic Contexts '' , Journal of Levantine Studies , 1 ( Summer 2011 ) : 155-172 .
Biography of Arkoun in Center for Islam and Science ( CIS ) website
Interview with M. Arkoun on Rawafid part 1
Interview with M. Arkoun on Rawafid part 2
Interview with M. Arkoun on Masarat
Mohammed Arkoun : A Modern Critic of Islamic Reason
Obituary for Mohammed Arkoun on Qantara.de
Mohammed Arkoun ( 1928-2010 ) : Trailblazer for New Approaches to the Study of Islam
Obituary for Mohammed Arkoun : A Pioneer of Modern Critical Islam Studies
Samir Abuzaid , Professor Muhammad Arkoun , arabphilosophers.com
The Construction of Belief : Reflections on the Thought of Mohammed Arkoun ( 2012 ) eds A. Filali-Ansary , A. Esmail , Aga Khan University-Institute for the Study of Muslim Civilisations / Saqi .
Ursula Günther : Mohammed Arkoun : Towards a radical rethinking of Islamic thought . In : Taji-Farouki , Suha ( ed . ) : Modern Muslim Intellectuals and the Qur'an . London 2004 , p. 125-167 .
1928 births
2010 deaths
Algerian emigrants to France
Algerian historians
Algerian philosophers
Berber historians
Berber scholars
French people of Kabyle descent
Hermeneutists
Islamic philosophers
Muslim reformers
Kabyle people
Members of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
People from Beni Yenni
University of Algiers alumni
University of Paris alumni
University of Lyon faculty
University of Paris faculty
The Choir Schools ' Association is a U.K. organisation that provides support to choir schools and choristers , and promotes singing , in particular of music for Christian worship in the cathedral tradition . It represents 44 choir schools attached to cathedrals , churches , and college chapels .
The association was founded in 1918 , although it represents some schools that are centuries older than this . Today it provides bursaries and scholarships to 120 children at any one time to pursue training as choristers , primarily through the Chorister Fund established in 1985 . It also supports schools directly . Katharine , Duchess of Kent , is a patron of the association .
Members
The following schools , cathedrals , and churches are members of the Choir School Association in 2020 :
England
Blackburn Cathedral
Bristol Cathedral Choir School
Chapel Royal , Hampton Court
Chetham 's School of Music , Manchester
Chorister School , Durham
Christ Church Cathedral School , Oxford
City of London School
Croydon Minster
Dean Close Preparatory School , Cheltenham
Frideswide Voices , Oxford
Hereford Cathedral School
King 's Ely
King 's College School , Cambridge
King 's Rochester Preparatory School , Kent
King 's School , Worcester
Lanesborough School , Guildford
Leicester Cathedral
Lichfield Cathedral School
Lincoln Cathedral
Lincoln Minster School
London Oratory School
Magdalen College School , Oxford
New College School , Oxford
Norwich School
Old Palace School , Croydon
Portsmouth Grammar School
Queen Elizabeth Grammar School , Wakefield
Reigate St Mary 's Preparatory and Choir School
Ripon Cathedral
Runnymede St Edward 's School , Liverpool
St Cedd 's School , Essex
St Edmund 's School Canterbury
St Edward 's College , Liverpool
St George 's School , Windsor Castle
St John 's College School , Cambridge
St Nicholas Cathedral , Newcastle upon Tyne
St Paul 's Cathedral School , London
St Peter 's Collegiate Church , Wolverhampton
Salisbury Cathedral School
Sheffield Cathedral
The Cathedral School , Exeter
The King 's School , Gloucester
The King 's School , Peterborough
The Minster School , Southwell
The Minster School , York
The Pilgrims ' School , Winchester
The Prebendal School , Chichester
Truro School
Wells Cathedral School
Westminster Abbey Choir School
Westminster Cathedral Choir School
Whitgift School , Croydon
Ireland
St Patrick 's Cathedral Choir School , Dublin
New Zealand
The Cathedral Grammar School , Christchurch , New Zealand
Scotland
St Mary 's Music School , Edinburgh
United States
Saint Thomas Choir School , New York
Wales
The Cathedral School , Llandaff
St John 's College , Cardiff
External links
The Choir Schools ' Association website
References
Educational organisations based in the United Kingdom
Music organisations based in the United Kingdom
The Belgium women 's national 3x3 team is a national basketball team of Belgium , administered by the Royal Belgian Basketball Federation . It represents the country in international 3x3 ( 3 against 3 ) women 's basketball competitions .
World Cup record
See also
Belgium men 's national 3x3 team
Belgium women 's national basketball team
References
External links
Women 's national 3x3 basketball teams
Basketball
Langkawi is a federal constituency in Langkawi District , Kedah , Malaysia , that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1995 .
The federal constituency was created in the 1994 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system .
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 27 March 2018 , the Langkawi constituency is divided into 26 polling districts .
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kedah federal constituencies
Champions
National League : Boston Beaneaters
American Association : Boston Reds
World Series : Boston ( NL ) declined to meet Boston ( AA )
Major league baseball final standings
National League final standings
American Association final standings
Statistical leaders
National League statistical leaders
American Association statistical leaders
Notable seasons
Philadelphia Phillies left fielder Billy Hamilton leads the NL with 179 hits , 111 stolen bases , 141 runs scored , and a .340 batting average . His .874 OPS and 155 OPS+ both rank second in the league .
Chicago Colts pitcher Bill Hutchinson has a record of 44-19 and leads the NL with 561 innings pitched and 44 wins . His 261 strikeouts rank second in the league . He has a 2.81 earned run average and a 123 ERA+ .
Events
January–March
January 16 - An agreement is signed between the National League , American Association , and Western Association which creates a three-man panel to settle any and all disputes between the three leagues . The agreement occurs two days after the National League allowed the American Association to place a team in Boston , a move the NL 's Boston Beaneaters opposed .
January 30 - The Boston Reds purchase the contract of second baseman Cupid Childs from the Syracuse Stars for $ 2,000 .
February 1 - The New York Giants sell the contract of Jesse Burkett to the Cleveland Spiders
February 6 – The New York Giants ' salary list is leaked to the press . It shows a total player payroll of $ 54,600 with Buck Ewing 's $ 5,500 salary topping the scale .
April–June
April 11 – Clark Griffith‚ 21 years old‚ makes his Major League debut‚ pitching for the St. Louis Browns to a 13–5 victory over the Cincinnati Kelly 's Killers . After spending much of 1892 and 1893 in the minor leagues‚ Griffith will return to remain active in the majors as a pitcher‚ manager‚ and club owner until his death in 1955 .
April 22 – In the first game at the third Polo Grounds , Boston beats the New York Giants , 4-3 .
May 1 – Cleveland 's League Park opens with 10,000 fans on hand to see pitcher Cy Young beat Cincinnati , 12-3 .
May 14 – Charles Radbourn of the Cincinnati Reds records his 300th career win .
May 17 - Hughie Jennings is signed by Louisville Colonels
May 22 – At Cincinnati 's League Park , Mickey Welch of the New York Giants hits into a game-ending triple play . Batting with the bases loaded in the ninth inning , Welch lines one to shortstop Germany Smith , who catches the ball and tosses it to second baseman , Bid McPhee , who tags the runner caught off second , Charley Bassett . McPhee then relay the ball to first baseman , John Reilly , who toes the sack to retire the runner , Artie Clarke , who was running between bases . The Reds won 8–3 .
June 1 - Fred Dunlap is released by the Washington Statesmen .
June 22 – Tom Lovett throws a no-hitter as the Brooklyn Grooms defeat the New York Giants , 4-0 .
June 30 - The Cincinnati Reds sign former batting champion Pete Browning .
July–September
July 1 – Chicago Colts outfielder Jimmy Ryan hits for the cycle in a 9–3 win over the Cleveland Spiders . It 's the second time in Ryan 's career that he has hit for the cycle .
July 31 – New York Giants pitcher Amos Rusie no-hits the Brooklyn Bridegrooms 6-0 , on 8 walks and 4 K 's . At 20 years and 2 months he is the youngest pitcher to toss a no-hitter .
August 26 – John McGraw debuts with the Baltimore Orioles in the AA . He plays shortstop , makes an error , and he has a hit as the Orioles defeat the Columbus Buckeyes , 6-5 .
September 4 – Responding to writers who claim it 's time for him to quit , Chicago 's 39-year-old player-manager Cap Anson wears a false white beard against Boston . It does n't help him at the plate – he is hitless in 3 at-bats . The White Stockings beat Boston , 5-3 .
September 12 – Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Abner Dalrymple hits for the cycle in a 10–4 win over the Washington Statesmen .
October–December
October 4 – On the final day of the American Association season , Ted Breitenstein of the St. Louis Browns throws a no-hitter against the Louisville Colonels , in an 8–0 Browns win . It is Breitenstein 's first major league start . He faced the minimum number of batters , 27 , allowing just one base on balls . It was also the last no-hitter thrown in the American Association , as the league folded following the season .
November 26 – A series for the championship of the Pacific Coast begins between the champions of the California League ( the San Jose Dukes ) and the Pacific Northwest League pennant winners ( the Portland Webfeet ) . San Jose wins the opener , 8–6 . The series will last until January 10 with San Jose winning 10 games to 9 . All the games are played in San Jose , California .
Births
January
January 1 – Charlie Schmutz
January 2 – Joe Lotz
January 3 – John Dowd
January 3 – Charlie Harding
January 8 – Bud Weiser
January 14 – John Shovlin
January 15 – Ray Chapman
January 15 – Leo Townsend
January 16 – Marv Goodwin
January 16 – Ferdie Schupp
January 20 – Earl Smith
January 23 – Raymond Haley
January 23 – Orie Kerlin
January 23 – King Lear
January 25 – George Lyons
January 27 – Al Tesch
January 28 – Bill Doak
January 29 – Esty Chaney
January 31 – Tim Hendryx
January 31 – Tex McDonald
February
February 5 – Roger Peckinpaugh
February 7 – Bill Dalrymple
February 18 – Sherry Smith
February 18 – Zip Zabel
February 22 – Clarence Mitchell
February 26 – Jack Hammond
March
March 1 – Roy Elsh
March 2 – William Fischer
March 4 – José Acosta
March 4 – Dazzy Vance
March 5 – Walt Alexander
March 6 – Frank Fletcher
March 6 – Clarence Garrett
March 8 – Ollie O'Mara
March 12 – Jack Little
March 14 – Dave Gregg
March 19 – Rube Schauer
March 20 – Joe Boehling
March 24 – Ernie Shore
March 25 – Polly McLarry
March 26 – Hardin Barry
March 27 – Bill Rumler
March 31 – Jim Brown
March 31 – Johnny Couch
April
April 16 – Charlie Meara
April 16 – Ricardo Torres
April 17 – Scott Perry
April 20 – Dave Bancroft
April 22 – Billy Orr
April 24 – Pete Falsey
April 30 – Tony Brottem
May
May 2 – John Leary
May 3 – Eppa Rixey
May 4 – Frank Bruggy
May 4 – Vic Saier
May 5 – Bruno Haas
May 5 – Jack McCandless
May 8 – Red Hoff
May 10 – Bob Geary
May 11 – Roger Salmon
May 15 – Karl Meister
May 19 – Dixie Carroll
May 19 – George Clark
May 19 – Dutch Schliebner
May 20 – Joe Harris
May 21 – Doc Ayers
May 21 – Bunny Hearn
May 22 – Bill Cramer
May 24 – Pete Sims
May 26 – Gene Paulette
June
June 1 – Hank Severeid
June 1 – Homer Thompson
June 2 – Oscar Horstmann
June 3 – Bill McTigue
June 8 – Buck Danner
June 9 – Charlie Kavanagh
June 13 – Marty Kavanagh
June 14 – Jack Reis
June 14 – Frank Withrow
June 15 – Frank Crossin
June 15 – Lou North
June 17 – Zeb Terry
June 21 – Bert Adams
June 23 – Al Clauss
June 23 – Johnny Priest
June 25 – Pete Lapan
June 26 – Mike Fitzgerald
June 26 – Al Huenke
July
July 1 – Fritz Scheeren
July 3 – Joe Houser
July 4 – Stump Edington
July 6 – Steve O'Neill
July 8 – Clyde Barfoot
July 9 – Jim Scoggins
July 12 – Hank Schreiber
July 15 – Jim Breton
July 17 – Eddie Brown
July 19 – Earl Hamilton
July 22 – George Baumgardner
July 22 – Herb Herring
July 23 – Jack Theis
July 28 – Joe Mathes
July 29 – Fred Smith
August
August 1 – Bob Emmerich
August 4 – Jim Haislip
August 8 – Chick Keating
August 11 – Karl Adams
August 11 – Walter Barbare
August 12 – Bill Lathrop
August 15 – Tim Bowden
August 17 – Jack Powell
August 17 – Arch Reilly
August 18 – Wally Gerber
August 19 – Al DeVormer
August 19 – Herbert Hill
August 19 – Ike McAuley
August 20 – Ed Hovlik
August 21 – Jim Eschen
August 22 – Happy Felsch
August 26 – Bill Hopper
August 28 – Byron Houck
August 29 – Ray Callahan
August 30 – Steve Partenheimer
August 30 – Pol Perritt
September
September 1 – Austin Walsh
September 3 – Katsy Keifer
September 7 – Fred Blackwell
September 8 – Verne Clemons
September 9 – Dan Costello
September 10 – Joe Evers
September 12 – Joe Peploski
September 16 – Rogelio Crespo
September 16 – George Orme
September 16 – Dick Robertson
September 21 – Gil Britton
September 21 – Pete Shields
September 24 – Paddy Siglin
September 26 – Tinsley Ginn
September 27 – Doug Baird
September 28 – Everett Booe
October
October 2 – Eddie Murphy
October 7 – George Batten
October 8 – Doug Neff
October 8 – Monte Pfeffer
October 13 – Fred McMullin
October 14 – Bert Gallia
October 30 – Charlie Deal
November
November 1 – Heinie Stafford
November 3 – Charles Spearman
November 5 – Greasy Neale
November 6 – Jeff McCleskey
November 6 – Red Torphy
November 7 – Tracy Baker
November 11 – Rabbit Maranville
November 12 – Carl Mays
November 18 – Arthur Hauger
November 20 – Leon Cadore
November 30 – Joe Giebel
December
December 1 – Johnny O'Connor
December 3 – Larry Gilbert
December 11 – Erwin Renfer
December 12 – Tom Daly
December 13 – Bob Wright
December 14 – Al Tedrow
December 16 – Fred Tyler
December 19 – Pep Goodwin
December 28 – Doc Carroll
December 29 – Dave Skeels
December 31 – Charlie Flannigan
Deaths
January 13 – Joe Connors , age unknown , pitched 3 games in 1884 in the Union Association .
February 6 – Tom Healey , 37 ? , pitcher in 1878 .
February 25 – Jeremiah Reardon , 22 ? , pitcher who appeared in 2 games in 1886 .
April 14 – Frank Bell , 27 ? , played for the 1885 Brooklyn Grays .
May 20 – Jim Fogarty , 27 , utility player from 1884–1890 . Led the National League in stolen bases with 99 in 1889 .
May 21 – Jim Whitney , 33 , pitcher who had five 20-win seasons , including 37 for 1883 Boston champions ; led NL in wins , games and innings as 1881 rookie , in strikeouts in 1883 ; good hitter also played center field , batted .323 in 1882 .
June 10 – Jerry Dorgan , 34 ? , reserve player from 1880–1885 .
July 2 – John Cassidy , 34 ? , right fielder for five teams who batted .378 for the 1877 Hartford Dark Blues .
July 14 – Bill Crowley , 34 , outfielder from 1875–1885 .
July 29 – Steve Matthias , 31 ? , shortstop for the 1884 Chicago Browns/Pittsburgh Stogies of the Union Association .
August 25 – Jerry Sweeney , 31 ? , 1st baseman for the 1884 Kansas City Cowboys .
August 28 – Joe Miller , 41 , 2nd baseman who played from 1872–1875 .
October 11 – Will Smalley , 20 , 3rd baseman for the 1890 Cleveland Spiders .
October 14 – Larry Corcoran , 32 , pitcher who won 175 games for the Chicago White Stockings from 1880 to 1885 , led NL in wins , strikeouts and ERA once each ; first pitcher to coordinate signals with his catcher , threw three no-hitters .
October 21 – Ed Daily , 29 , pitcher from 1885–1891 . Won 26 games in 1885 .
November 19 – Ernie Hickman , 35 ? , starting pitcher for the Kansas City Cowboys of the Union Association in 1884 .
References
External links
1891 National League season at baseball-reference.com
1891 American Association season at baseball-reference.com
Charlton 's Baseball Chronology at BaseballLibrary.com
Year by Year History at Baseball-Almanac.com
Retrosheet.org
Greenhead was a former railway station , which served the village of Greenhead , Northumberland in Northumberland between 1836 and 1967 .
History
The station opened on 20 July 1836 by the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway . On the east side was the goods yard and to the south was a locomotive shed and Blenkinsopp Colliery . The station closed on 2 January 1967 . A coal station still survives in the goods yard .
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Northumberland
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1836
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1967
Walker 's Cay National Park is a marine national park north of Walker 's Cay in North Abaco , the Bahamas . The park was established in 2002 , and has an area of . The park 's marine environment has a barrier reef , which is used for underwater diving and snorkelling .
Flora and fauna
The barrier reef contains coral , and provides habitat for pompano , amberjack , sharks , barracudas , tropical fish , turtles and eagle rays .
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Abaco Islands
RMG Connect was the relationship marketing division of J. Walter Thompson , developing solutions both online and offline in direct marketing , interactive marketing and sales promotion .
As of December 2009 , RMG Connect had more than 900 employees in 22 countries and 32 offices . The CEO of RMG Connect Worldwide was Philip Greenfield . He and North American President Mark Miller were terminated in March 2009 as new Worldwide Director for Digital at JWT and RMG , David Eastman , began his reorganization .
Awards
In January 2006 , RMG Connect was named # 7 on Adweek 's annual list of the top 50 Interactive Agencies .
Services
Strategy - Customer relationship management consulting
Direct marketing - acquisition , cross-selling , up-selling , telemarketing , response advertising , niche marketing , loyalty marketing
Data & Analytics - data generation , data management , segmentation & profiling , modelling , targeting , list broking
Digital marketing - website , extranet , intranet , e-CRM , advertising , e-mail , viral , multimedia
Promotions - brand , trade , retail , point of sale
Offices
Europe , Middle East and Africa
Throughout Europe , the Middle East and Africa , RMG Connect 's offices can be found in Athens , Brussels , Cape Town , CasablancaDublin , [ [ Frankfurt am Cape TownMain ] ] , Dubai , London , Madrid , Milan , Paris , Prague , Stuttgart , Vienna , and Zürich .
North America
RMG Connect 's North American offices are located in Atlanta , Dallas , Miami , Minneapolis , New York City , Toronto and Vancouver .
South America
RMG Connect 's Latin American officers are in Curitiba and São Paulo .
Asia-Pacific
In the Asia Pacific region , RMG Connect can be located in Hong Kong , Beijing , Bangalore , Chennai , Gurgaon , Mumbai , Singapore , Sydney and Tokyo .
External links
Official Website
Influencer Marketing
Advertising agencies of the United States
WPP plc
Companies based in New York City
Bosnia and Herzegovina relations with Kosovo are unofficial because Bosnia and Herzegovina 's central government does not recognize Kosovo as an independence state , essentially through the veto of Bosnian Serb-dominated Republika Srpska .
On 21 February 2008 , Republika Srpska , one of the two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina , adopted a resolution through which it denounced and refused to recognise the unilateral declaration of independence of Kosovo from Serbia . In addition , the R.S . parliament adopted a resolution stating that in the event that a majority of EU and UN states recognise Kosovo 's independence , Republika Srpska would cite the Kosovo secession as a precedent and move to hold a referendum on its own constitutional status within Bosnia and Herzegovina . Finally , the resolution called upon all Republika Srpska officials to do everything in order to prevent Bosnia and Herzegovina from recognising Kosovo 's declared independence .
On 27 August 2008 , former Bosnian ambassador in Turkey Hajrudin Somun wrote an editorial discussing Kosovan passports , where he summarised to-date the Bosnian position on Kosovo : `` As in many other matters , Bosnia and Herzegovina is deeply divided over Kosovo 's independence . The parliament of the Republika Srpska , which covers 49 percent of the country 's territory , adopted a special resolution denouncing Kosovo 's independence and wide demonstrations have been organized there in protest . Keeping in mind that Serb leaders of that entity have threatened to secede from Bosnia and Herzegovina and join Serbia as compensation for losing Kosovo , Bosnian collective presidency Chairman Haris Silajdžić said simply that his country is 'unlikely to recognize Kosovo 's independence any time soon due to strong objections from its own Serb community .
The Foreign Minister Sven Alkalaj informed the public on 2 August 2008 that by law Bosnia and Herzegovina can not accept Kosovan passports , until the Bosnian presidency makes such a determination .
On 26 September 2008 while attending General Assembly of the United Nations in New York , Bosnian Presidency Chairman Haris Silajdžić said in a Voice of America interview broadcast back to Bosnia in Bosnian language that he supports Kosovo 's independence and is opposed to Serbia 's request that the International Court of Justice issue an opinion on the legitimacy of Kosovo 's independence . Silajdžić spoke in his own name because the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina did not unanimously adopt a platform which would allow him to speak officially .
In August 2009 the Forum of Bosniaks ( Bosnian Muslims ) of Kosovo requested that Bosnia recognise Kosovo and the travel documents of its citizens . In response , Presidency ethnic Serb member Nebojša Radmanović stated that the Presidency would not discuss the issue in the foreseeable future , and that those making such demands must consider `` what kind of state Bosnia-Herzegovina is , what tendencies are present , and what could be the consequences of such a move '' . He said , `` Sometimes , thinking with the heart is not good for the bigger political goals '' .
Notes
See also
Foreign relations of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Foreign relations of Kosovo
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Serbia relations
Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union
Accession of Kosovo to the European Union
References
Kosovo
Bilateral relations of Kosovo
Willie Brayshaw Yeadon ( 28 June 1907 – 16 January 1997 ) , was a British railway historian known for his magnum opus , Yeadon 's Register of LNER Locomotives and other works .
Biography
Willie Yeadon was born in Yeadon , West Riding of Yorkshire on 28 June 1907 . He trained as a mechanical engineer , initially working for the Bradford Dyers ' Association Ltd. After being made redundant in the 1930s he joined the Hull firm Fenner in 1931 .
Yeadon 's initial railway interest was the London & North Western Railway . On moving to East Yorkshire he began to study the activities of the London and North Eastern Railway , starting to collect railway images around 1933 . British Rail 's 1955 modernisation plan prompted him to begin a systematic study of the locomotives of the LNER , during which he visited engine sheds and works , collecting locomotive related documentation such as works records .
He joined the Railway Correspondence and Travel Society in 1936 and made significant contributions to its multi-volume publication Locomotives of the LNER . In 1984 he was made an honorary life member of the society .
During his career at Fenner he ultimately became marketing manager , before retiring in 1972 . After retirement he started work on Yeadon 's register of LNER locomotives . Volume 12 and after were published posthumously from his work .
He also published works documenting the locations of LNER locomotives on the first and last day of its existence , and on the railways of Hull . His final work was the two volume A compendium of LNWR locomotives . Yeadon also wrote article for railway periodicals , sometimes using the nom de plume `` No . 9499 '' .
Yeadon was married for 64 years to Annie , and had a daughter Jean . He died aged 89 in Hull on 16 January 1997 .
Legacy
W.B . Yeadon 's will donated his collection of photographs , documents and research notes to the Brynmor Jones Library of the University of Hull ; the collection includes over 30,000 photographs , primarily of LNER locomotives and trains , as well as company ( works ) records of locomotive repairs , boiler repairs , allocations , and other documents . The collection was inherited by the Hull History Centre
Bibliography
Yeadon 's Register
Vol . 1 : Gresley A1 and A3 Classes ( Irwell Press , 1990 )
Vol . 2 : Gresley A4 and W1 Classes ( Irwell Press , 1990 )
Vol . 3 : Raven , Thompson & Peppercorn Pacifics ( Irwell Press , 1991 )
Vol . 4 . Gresley V2 & V4 Classes ( Irwell Press , 1992 )
Vol . 5 : Gresley B17 & Thompson B2 Classes ( Irwell Press , 1993 )
Vol . 6 : Thompson B1 Class ( Irwell Press , 1994 )
Vol . 7 : B12 class ( Irwell Press . 1994 )
Vol . 8 : Gresley K3 & K4 Classes ( Challenger Publications , 1995 )
Vol . 9 : Gresley 8-Coupled Engines - Classes O1 , O2 , P1 , P2 & U1 ( Challenger Publications , 1995 )
Vol . 10 : Gresley D49 & J38 Classes ( Challenger , 1996 )
Vol . 11 : Gresley J39 Class ( Challenger , 1996 )
Posthumous
Vol . 12 : Railcars & Sentinel Shunters ( Challenger , 1996 )
Vol . 13 : Class C1 , C2 , C4 & C5 Atlantics ( Challenger , 1998 )
Vol . 14 : Class D13 , D15 & D16 - the Great Eastern 4-4-0s ( Challenger , 1999 )
Vol . 15 : Class J94 , O6 & O7 - the Engines from the Years of Expediency ( Challenger , 1999 )
Vol . 16 : Class L1 , V1 / V3 - Gresley & Thompson Six-coupled Tanks ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2000 )
Vol . 17 : Class B13 , B14 , B15 & B16 - the North Eastern 4-6-0s ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2000 )
Vol . 18 : Gresley K1 & K2 , Thompson K1/1 & Peppercorn K1 ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2000 )
Vol . 19 : Class D1 , D2 , D3 & D4 , & the M & GN 4-4-0s ( Booklaw / Railbus , 2001 )
Vol . 20 : Class Q1 , Q2 , Q3 & Q4 , & The Q1 Tank
Vol . 21 : Class A5 to A8 , H1 , H2 , L1 ( L3 ) , L2 , M1 & M2 Tank Engines ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2001 )
Vol . 22 : Class B1 ( B18 ) to B9 - the Great Central 4-6-0s ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2001 )
Vol . 23 : Class Q5 , Q6 , Q7 & Q10 - the North Eastern 0-8-0s ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2002 )
Vol . 24A : Class O4/1 to O4/5 ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2002 )
Vol . 24B : Class O4/6 to O4/8 , O5 & Thompson O1 ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2002 )
Vol . 25 : Class N1 & N2 Tank Engines
Vol . 26 : Class J31 to J37 - the NBR 0-6-0s
Vol . 27 : Class N7
Vol . 28 : Class R1 , S1 , T1 & WM & CQ 0-8-0T - The pre-Group 8-coupled tank engines
Vol . 29 : Class D5 , D6 , D7 , D8 , D9 , D10 , D11/1 & D12 - the Great Central 4-4-0s
Vol . 30 : Class E1 , E2 , GC 12A , E4 , E5 , '901 ' , '1440 ' , E7 & E8 - the 2-4-0s
Vol . 31 : Class C6 , C7 , C8 , C9 - the North Eastern Atlantics
Vol . 32 : Class X1 , X2 , X3 , X4 , Y2 , Y4 , Y5 , Y6 , Y7 , Y8 , Y9 , Y10 , Z4 & Z5
Vol . 33 : Class C12 , C13 , C14 & C17
Vol . 34 : Class D17 , D18 , D19 , D20 , D21 , D22 , D23 & D24
Vol . 35 : Class J14 & J15
Vol . 36 : Class F1 , F2 , G1 , G2 , G3 , G4 , G7 , G8 , G9 & G10
Vol . 37A : Class J1 , J2 , J3 & J4
Vol . 37B : Class J5 , J6 , J7 , J40 & J41
Vol . 38 : Class F8 , G5 & G6
Vol . 39 : Class F3 , F4 , F5 , F6 , F7 & F9
Vol . 40 : Class C10 , C11 , C15 , C16 & D11/2
Vol . 41 : Class J16 , J17 , J18 , J19 , J20
Vol . 42A : Class D25 , D26 , D27 , D28 , D29 & D30
Vol . 42B : Class D31 , D32 , D33 , D34 , D35 & D36
Vol . 43A : Class J71 & J72
Vol . 43B : Class J73-J80 & NER '44 '
Vol . 44 : Classes D38 , D39 , D40 , D41 , D42 , D43 , D44 , D45 , D46 , D47 & D48 - The Great North of Scotland Railway 4-4-0s
Vol . 45 : Classes J8 . J9 , J10 , J11 , J12 , J13 - The Great Central 0-6-0 Tender Engines
Vol . 46A : Classes J52 , J53 , J54 , J55 , J56 , J57 & GNR 19 – The Stirling Great Northern 0-6-0 Tank Engines
Vol . 46B : Classes J50 , J51 , J84 , J93 , N19 & M & GN 16A
Vol . 47A : Classes J21 , J22 , J23 & J24 - The North Eastern 0-6-0s ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2010 )
Vol . 47B : Classes J25 , J26 , J27 , '1001 ' & '398 ' - The North Eastern 0-6-0s
Vol . 48 : Classes J64 , J65 , J66 , J67 , J68 , J69 , J70 & J92
Vol . 49A : Classes N4 , N5 & N6
Vol . 49B : Classes N8 , N9 , N10 , N11 , N12 , N13 , N14 & N15 ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2011 )
Vol . 50 : Classes D50 , D51 , GC7 , J58 , J59 , J60 , J61 , J62 , J63 , J81 , J82 , J83 , J84 , J85 , J86 , J88 , J90 , J91 , N18 , Diesel , Petrol & Electric motive power & Trams ( Booklaw/Railbus , 2011 )
Other LNER
LNER locomotive allocations : 1947 : the last day ( Irwell Press , 1989 )
LNER locomotive allocations : the First Day , 1923 ( Challenger Publications , 1996 )
LNWR
A compendium of LNWR locomotives
Part 1 : Passenger Tender Engines 1912–1949
Part 2 : Goods Tender Engines 1912–1964
Hull
Illustrated history of Hull 's railways , with M Nicholson ( Irwell Press , 1993 ) ,
More Illustrated History of the Railways of Hull ( Challenger Publications , 1995 ) .
See also
Ken Hoole , railway historian , with works on the North Eastern Railway and others
William Weaver Tomlinson , historian , author of `` The North Eastern Railway its rise and development
References
1907 births
1997 deaths
People from Yeadon , West Yorkshire
People from Kingston upon Hull
Rail transport writers
20th-century English historians
James Lowe ( born 4 November 1982 ) is a former English cricketer . He was a right-handed batsman , off-spin bowler and wicket-keeper who played for Durham . He was born in Bury St Edmunds .
Lowe 's first-class career began following some solid performances in the Second XI in the 2002 season . Lowe made an impressive 80 before being caught lbw in his debut first-class innings the following year , a score which , for as long as he played , would remain his highest score in a First-class match .
However , Lowe played only four matches in the next three years for the first team , instead playing Second XI cricket , while in 2004 Lowe was part of the team which reached the semi-finals of the Second XI Trophy competition . During this same period Lowe represented Philadelphia in the North East Premier League , where he would play until 2006 , the year in which he saw out his first-class career .
Lowe is no longer a squad-member as of the 2007 season . Throughout his short career he was an opening batsman , initially full of promise , but released before being able to get into the swing of a regular team place .
External links
James Lowe at Cricket Archive
1982 births
English cricketers
Living people
Durham cricketers
Sportspeople from Bury St Edmunds
Cumberland cricketers
Ukrainians constitute , as of 31 of March 2022 , the second-largest foreign community residing in Portugal , after almost doubling from 27,200 to 52,000 as a consequence of the Ukrainian Refugee Crisis during the period of one month . The Ukrainians retook the second place for the first time since 2012 , when they numbered 44,074 . Albeit contingent to the development of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , this ends a declining trend for Ukrainians residing in Portugal , from its maximum in 2002 , as the largest immigrant community numbering 62,448 , to fifth with 28,629 in 2020 , further declining to 27,220 in 2021 . Part of this decline however is due to naturalizations
History of Ukrainian immigration to Portugal
Ukrainians began arriving in Portugal in the late 1990s , and there was a tremendous growth in the early years of the twenty-first century . In the initial phase , between 1999 and 2002 , immigration was processed either in an organized manner , based on intermediaries , or through international networks of illegal recruitment of workers , disguised as travel agencies . The earliest immigrants entered the country with Schengen visas , valid throughout the Schengen Area , and remained undocumented until they were granted permanent permits .
From 2004 , following the decline in investment in major public works , the economic recession and improved mechanisms for controlling illegal immigration , many Ukrainians have left the country .
Since 2009 , the decline in the number of immigrants has steepened as a consequence of the economic crisis that has been occurring from 2008 on , and also due to the acquisition of Portuguese nationality by many Ukrainian citizens .
Initially , the intention of many Ukrainian immigrants was to remain in Portugal for short periods , and many of them left the country . However , many others ended up opting for a longer stay . Among these , many decided to settle permanently in Portugal , joining or forming their families in the country and seeking recognition of their academic and professional qualifications , aiming access to more skilled and better paid jobs .
Ukrainians in Portugal today
Although the initial migration flow was motivated by job search and was predominantly masculine , the female component in the Ukrainian community in Portugal has increased substantially during the following years , particularly for reasons related to family reunification . According to Census 2011 , women represented 49.2 % of the Ukrainian population resident in Portugal , while in 2001 they were only 18.6 % .
The Ukrainian population in Portugal is relatively young compared to the native Portuguese population . The average age of Ukrainians residing in Portugal is 34 , lower than that of native Portuguese , which is 42.1 years .
The educational levels of individuals of working age ( 15–64 years ) are higher than those of Portuguese nationals . According to Census 2011 , 23.3 % of Ukrainians in Portugal had completed college education , and only 9.7 % had an academic qualification lower than the 9th grade . These values contrast with the education levels of the native Portuguese population , which were 16.6 % and 40.6 % , respectively .
Also , according to the 2011 Census , 71.1 % of the Ukrainian population was economically active and 59.2 % were employed , while 47 % of the Portuguese nationals were economically active and only 41 % had jobs .
Most Ukrainians in Portugal work in low-skill and low wages jobs , particularly on cleaning services , construction , manufacturing industries , transport services , hotels and restaurants . However , according to a recent survey , it was found that some Ukrainian workers have achieved jobs that are more compatible with their academic and professional qualifications .
See also
Portugal–Ukraine relations
References
External links
Association of the Ukrainians in Portugal ( in Portuguese and Ukrainian )
Portugal
Ukrainian diaspora in Europe
Immigration to Portugal
Ethnic groups in Portugal
Portugal–Ukraine relations
Portuguese people of Ukrainian descent
Miyake ( 三宅 ) was a Mikura-class escort ship of Imperial Japanese Navy .
Construction and career
She was laid down on 12 February 1943 and launched on 30 August 1943 by the Nippon Kokan Tsurumi Shipyard . She was commissioned on 30 November 1943 .
1943
She was homeported in Kure Naval District . She was the Commander-in-Chief of the Maritime Escort General Headquarters ( Commander-in-Chief Koshiro Oikawa , Admiral of the Navy , November 15th , ) Incorporated into the 1st Maritime Escort Flotilla . After she waits at Yokosuka Port , she escorts the 2705 fleet from December 5th to 7th . She moves to Kure and conducts training . From December 21st of the same year , she was engaged in the escort mission of the 123rd Fleet ( from Moji to Kaohsiung Port ) consisting of nine transport vessels . On December 27 , of the 27 fleets escorted by the Etorofu-class escort ship Matsuwa and heading for Singapore , the tanker Kueimaru sank due to a torpedo attack from a US submarine . Miyake and escort ships engaged in anti-submarine warfare , and both ships entered Kaohsiung on the 29th ( 30th ) .
1944
From January 20 , Miyake and Etorofu-class escort pearls have been engaged in escort missions for the Hi-37 fleet ( from Moji , via Manila , to Singapore ) . At that time , the light aircraft carrier Chitose ( belonging to the 3rd Carrier Division ) and the 16th Destroyer Flotilla ( Amatsukaze and Yukikaze ) belonging to the 3rd Fleet of the Combined Fleet ( commander-in-chief Jisaburo Ozawa ) . She was temporarily incorporated into the 3rd Carrier Division and was engaged in a fleet escort mission between the inland and Singapore . However , on January 16 during the escort of the Hi-31 fleet , the destroyer Amatsukaze was sunk by a torpedo strike from USS Redfin and became inoperable . On January 20 , the Hi-31 fleet unit arrived in Singapore . On the return trip , the Hi-31 fleet was renamed the Hi-32 fleet and departed Singapore on January 25 . Miyake was peeked out of the Hi-37 fleet , which went to Singapore . Miyake , who remained in Manila , left the area on the 27th at 07:30 and joined the Hi-32 fleet ( Chitose , Yukikaze , Tanker fleet ) . From February 4th to 5th , each of the Hi-32 fleet units returned to Kitakyushu and Kure .
After replenishment and maintenance in Kure , Miyake moved to Moji . On February 16 , Miyake took the tanker Kuroshio Maru , Tamatsu Maru , and Tatekawa Maru . She escorted the Hi-45 fleet , which consisted of 7 transport vessels ( 10,090 tons ) , along with Shiokaze , and left Monji . On the evening of February 19 , the Hi-40 fleet unit ( ship escorts , Asama Maru , 5 tankers ) heading north toward Kaohsiung was attacked by USS Jack . Shiokaze separates from the fleet and heads for the escort of the Hi-40 fleet . On the 21st , the Hi-45 fleet arrives in Kaohsiung , and Miyake warns against submarine outside Kaohsiung Port . At night , Miyake moved to Zuoying . On the 22nd , the fleet departed Kaohsiung for the escort of the torpedo boat Hayabusa . Shortly thereafter , Miyake , who left Zuoying on the same day , joins . After that , the tanker Kuroshio Maru had an engine failure and headed for Kaohsiung . On the 23rd , Tamatsu Maru separated from the fleet unit with Hayabusa and headed for Manila . On the same day , Shiokaze , finished escorting the Hi-40 fleet , joins the Hi-40 fleet . On the 27th , the Hi-45 convoy arrived in Singapore .
From March 4th to 5th , Miyake temporarily escorted the Hi-47 fleet ( Etorofu and Iki ) approaching Singapore . The fleet was attacked by USS Bluefish , and the Omineyama Maru sank on the 4th . On March 11 , 4 escort ships ( Miyake , Shimushu , Iki , and Etorofu ) depart Singapore to escort the Hi-48 fleet . After 01:00 am on March 18 , the Hokuriku Maru was sunk by a torpedo attack by USS Rapon , and her survivors were rescued by the escort ships . After stopping at Kaohsiung , the Hi-48 fleet unit returned to Moji on March 25 .
On March 30 , Miyake and Manju were attached to the Combined Fleet . On May 28 , She escorted Ashizuri and Zuihō . On the morning of June 5 , the US Navy USS Puffer attacks the oil tank fleet units while sailing in the Sulu Sea . Ashizuri and Zuihō were sunk .
On the 18th , the Imperial Headquarters launched Operation Sho-go . It was necessary to refuel the 1st Squadron ( commonly known as Kurita Squadron or Kurita Fleet ) and the 2nd Squadron ( commander Kiyohide Shima , Commander-in-Chief of the 5th Fleet , commonly known as Shima Fleet ) . As a result , the Army and Navy Department of the Great Headquarters was confused over the arrangement of tankers . Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita , Commander-in-Chief of the 2nd Fleet , was forced to secure tankers , and as part of this , ordered the Niei Maru and Ryoei Maru to wait for Sanya on Hainan Island . Eventually , 4 tankers ( Niei Maru , Ryoei Maru , Kuroshio Maru , Toho Maru ) were pulled out of the Hi-76 fleet to supply the troops . The Hi-76 fleet was virtually disassembled in the air . Miyake and Manju will escort Ryoei Maru and move to Penghu Islands Makou . On the 20th , 09:30 , she arrived at Makou and replenished the 2nd Squadron . On the 22nd , 07:00 , Secretary Kurita formed a supply unit , and a second supply unit was formed by 3 escort ships ( Kurahashi , Miyake , Manju ) and two tankers ( Niei Maru , Ryoei Maru ) . On October 23 , Ma departed . After conducting anti-submarine sweeping , she entered Xiamen City on the opposite bank of Taiwan on the 26th . On the 29th , under the command of Captain Kagayama , the captain of Shimo Miyake , Miyake and his consort ship depart from Ma , escorting the special survey ship ( special repair ship ) Shimo ( October 27 , as Mi 23 fleet , arrived at Ma ) . Initially ordered to advance to Brunei , Borneo , but was later relocated to Singapore .
As of November 20 , the 31st Squadron was incorporated into the 5th Fleet ( Lt. Gen. Kiyohide Shima , Commander-in-Chief , Lieutenant General Kiyohide Shima , flagship Ashigara , Commander of the 2nd Squadron ) and divided into the Battle of Ormoc Bay . On December 30 , the air raid caused damage to the No . 20 Kaibokan and the sinking of the Aobayama Maru , but Miyake was not damaged .
1945
From midnight to early morning on January 9th , in Kaohsiung City , Taiwan , the Hi-87 Convoy Unit ( the commander of the unit is the 7th Convoy Commander , General Katsumi Komazawa , Flagship Kamoi , Shigure , Isokaze , Hatakaze , refueling ships such as the escort ship Mikura and Kurahashi , and eight other ships ) had arrived . However , she was soon attacked by a carrier-based aircraft of the US 38th Task Force . Kamoi was damaged . At sea , Kaihomaru was sunk and Yashiro was damaged . Miyake left Kaohsiung on January 10 as a unit of the Hi-87 fleet that separated damaged ships and undamaged ships , and left Kaohsiung on January 10 at midnight ( 14th morning ) . Arrived in Hong Kong . The Hi-87 fleet unit was also hit by air raids on US MTF carrier-based aircraft in Hong Kong . Others were heavily damaged or sunk , and several ships such as Noumi and Kurahashi were damaged .
On March 19 , there was an attack on Kure and an anti-aircraft battle was conducted . In mid-April , 4 escort ships under the command of Captain Ei Ikeda , commander of the 1st Escort Flotilla ( Noumi , No . 31 Kaibokan , Miyake , No . 213 Kaibokan < changed to No . 39 Kaibokan on the way > ) Escort the Moshi 02 fleet ( cargo ship Kotobukiyama Maru , Dalian Kisen 3,943 tons ) . The Moshi 02 fleet , which departed from Monji at 6 am on April 11 , stayed at Hiyojima in the northwestern part of Jeju Island at 2:00 pm on April 13 . Before dawn on the 14th , the USS Tirante attacks the Moshi 02 fleet , which was moored inside the harbor . Kotobukiyama Maru , Mikura-class escort ship Nomi , the 31st Kaibokan were sunk . On April 18 , Miyake returned to Moji . On April 22 , she escorted Jilin Maru and left Moji . However , Jilin Maru became unable to navigate through mines , and Miyake engaged in a patrol mission between Jeju Island and Tsushima .
She heads to Qingdao on May 8th . She moved to Ishijima on May 17 , and left Ishijima on May 19 as an escort for the Daiseimaru fleet . She arrived at Daito Bay on the 21st . On May 22 , she left Daito Bay . She escorted Koyo Maru and arrived at Ishijima on the 24th . On the same day , she bombarded the land battle . On May 25 , she left Ishijima . She escorted Tatsumiya Maru and Okitsu Maru and arrived at Daito Bay on the 26th . In June , she entered Sasebo Port . She left Sasebo on August 1 and moved to Yobuko fishing port . She arrived at Wonsan Port in Korea on August 7 . She left Motoyama on the 10th and moved to Yeongil Bay . She ended the war there . She was mined and damaged near Moji , Kitakyushu on August 21 .
After the war , she was engaged in lift transportation as an auxiliary ship . She was dismantled by Sasebo Heavy Industries from May to July 1948 .
References
Ships built in Japan
1943 ships
The Evanston Main Post Office in Evanston , Wyoming was built in 1905 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department . The post office in Evanston was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century . It was NRHP-listed as U.S. Post Office-Evanston Main .
References
External links
at the National Park Service 's NRHP database
Evanston Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Beaux-Arts architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1905
Buildings and structures in Uinta County , Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Uinta County , Wyoming
Evanston , Wyoming
1905 establishments in Wyoming
Harry E. Kirchner Jr. ( June 13 , 1937 – February 20 , 1993 ) was an American college basketball player . He played for the TCU Horned Frogs from 1956 to 1959 .
Standing , Kirchner was the tallest Horned Frogs player until the mid-1970s . He was a starter for two seasons and led the Horned Frogs to a Southwest Conference ( SWC ) championship in 1959 . During the 1958–59 season , Kirchner was named as the SWC Player of the Year while he led the SWC in scoring ( 19.6 points ) and rebounding ( 13.4 rebounds ) per game .
Kirchner was selected by the Cincinnati Royals as the 33rd overall pick of the 1959 NBA draft . He played two seasons for the Phillips 66ers of the National Industrial Basketball League ( NIBL ) from 1959 to 1961 .
Kirchner died on February 20 , 1993 , at his home in Dripping Springs , Texas . He was inducted into the TCU Lettermen 's Hall of Fame in 2012 .
References
External links
College statistics
1937 births
1993 deaths
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Houston
Centers ( basketball )
Cincinnati Royals draft picks
Phillips 66ers players
TCU Horned Frogs men 's basketball players
Lophotavia pulcherrima is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1894 .
Distribution
It is found in Gabon , Ghana , Sierra Leone and Zambia .
References
Calpinae
The grass warblers are small passerine birds belonging to the genus Locustella . Formerly placed in the paraphyletic `` Old World warbler '' assemblage , they are now considered the northernmost representatives of a largely Gondwanan family , the Locustellidae .
These are rather drab brownish `` warblers '' usually associated with fairly open grassland , shrubs or marshes . Some are streaked , others plain , all are difficult to view . They are insectivorous .
The most characteristic feature of this group is that the song of several species is a mechanical insect-like reeling which gives rise to the group 's scientific name .
Species breeding in temperate regions are strongly migratory .
Taxonomy
The genus Locustella was introduced by the German naturalist Johann Jakob Kaup in 1829 with the common grasshopper warbler ( Locustella naevia ) as the type species . The genus name Locustella is from Latin and is a diminutive of locusta , `` grasshopper '' . Like the English name , this refers to the insect-like song of some species .
There are 23 species placed in the genus :
Lanceolated warbler , Locustella lanceolata
Brown bush warbler , Locustella luteoventris
Long-billed bush warbler , Locustella major
Common grasshopper warbler , Locustella naevia
Chinese bush warbler , Locustella tacsanowskia
Bamboo warbler , Locustella alfredi
River warbler Locustella fluviatilis
Savi 's warbler , Locustella luscinioides
Friendly bush warbler , Locustella accentor
Sulawesi bush warbler , Locustella castanea
Seram bush warbler , Locustella musculus
Buru bush warbler , Locustella disturbans
Long-tailed bush warbler , Locustella caudata
Baikal bush warbler , Locustella davidi
Spotted bush warbler , Locustella thoracica
West Himalayan bush warbler , Locustella kashmirensis
Taiwan bush warbler , Locustella alishanensis
Russet bush warbler , Locustella mandelli
Dalat bush warbler , Locustella idonea
Benguet bush warbler , Locustella seebohmi
Javan bush warbler , Locustella montis
Sichuan bush warbler , Locustella chengi
Taliabu bush warbler , Locustella portenta
This genus formerly included additional species . A molecular phylogenetic study of the grassbird family Locustellidae published in 2018 found that the genus Locustella consisted of two distinct clades . The genus was split and six species were moved to the newly erected genus Helopsaltes .
A fossil acrocoracoid from the Late Miocene ( about 11 mya ) of Rudabánya ( NE Hungary ) is quite similar to this bone in the present genus . Given its rather early age ( most Passerida genera are not known until the Pliocene ) , it is not too certain that it is correctly placed here , but it is highly likely to belong to the Locustellidae , or the Sylvioidea at the least . As the grasshopper warblers are the only known locustellid warblers from Europe , it is still fairly likely that the bone piece belongs to a basal Locustella .
References
Locustella
Mo or Moism ( ) is the religion of most Zhuang people , the largest ethnic minority of China . It has a large presence in Guangxi . While it has a supreme god , the creator Bu Luotuo ( 布洛陀 ) , numerous other deities are venerated as well . It has a three-element-theory ( sky , earth and water ) . Mo is animistic , teaching that spirits are present in everything .
Mo developed from prehistoric beliefs of the Zhuang people ; it also has similarities to Chinese folk religion , and has developed similar doctrines to Buddhism and Taoism , in the process of competition with the influence of these religions on Zhuang culture . The Cultural Revolution of China weakened Mo , though the religion has undergone a revival since the 1980s . Moism varies from region to region .
Beliefs
Mo has a three-element theory ( sky , earth and water ) . The religion is animistic , teaching that spirits are present in everything . The spirits are seen as immortal and subject to changes in mood .
Mo exhibits totemism and the cult of reproduction .
Deities
In Mo , Bu Luotuo is considered the supreme god , creator and the founder of the religion .
The Flower Mother , Me Hoa , is seen as the creator of humanity and Bu Luotuo 's wife . As the goddess of reproduction , she is seen as governing a large garden of golden flowers ( boys ) and silver flowers ( girls ) . Whoever behaves with good sense and sentiment will receive good flowers ( i.e . good children ) , while those who behave with bad sense receive bad flowers . Families have altars for her .
Other gods include Tudigong , who is thought to protect the village ; She Shen , who is the village tutelary spirit ; the Shan Shen ( `` god of the mountains '' ) ; and the Dragon King .
Rice is seen as important ; there is therefore a field god and a rice god .
Cosmology
In Mo , spirits are thought to be present in everything , and even inanimate things such as water are considered to have souls .
Mo spirits include deities and ancestors as well as devils .
People are considered to have three souls after death : One goes to the sky , one to the cemetery and one comes back to the deceased 's family . Souls of the dead enter a netherworld but can continue to assist the living . According to the religion , people who have died by violence can become evil spirits .
Practices
Praying is common within this religion .
Sorcerers venerate their masters as well as the founders of witchcraft in their family .
There are temples dedicated to land gods . The sun god is celebrated and given offerings .
Mo has the sacred epic Buluotuo , concerning the creation of the universe and life as well as how to live a religiously meritorious life . Its transmission was originally oral .
According to Mo , every person is a flower in the garden of Molujia , the goddess of birth . On February 29 of the peasants ' almanac , the goddess 's birthday , women pick flowers and pray to her for pregnancy . She is said to have been born in a flower at the beginning of the world . There is a festival for her , which varies in place , date and ceremonial procedure .
The religion has the custom of burying the dead twice . People who have died by violence are cremated to prevent the release of potential malevolent spirits .
Shamans and mediums
Mediums , shamans or sorcerers are employed at funerals , to treat disease , and to ward off evil .
Mo has female shamans , who attempt to treat sickness and communicate with ancestors while in trances . They mostly are recognized as shamans after having had a state similar to trance and claims to have met spirits in this state . In rural areas , they are considered prophets and miracle healers . There are also male shamans , who serve at an altar . There are sacrifices of oxen , chickens , and other livestock .
Domestic worship
A complete family is considered to have three parts : The descendants of the same ancestors , the grave site , and the spirits of the ancestors .
The spirits of the ancestors are given great consideration and seen as protecting people . To return to the sacred world of the ancestors is seen as the greatest end for the deceased . Frequently , Mo practitioners have a hall for the ancestors of their homes where ancestors from the past three generations are venerated . Such halls are also the site of ancestor worship ceremonies for important festivals , weddings , deaths and births . It is not allowed to put dog , cat or snake meat in front of the hall . Mo adherents feel a mixture of fear and awe towards their ancestors , believing that their ancestors can support or punish them at will . Because they believe their fate is in the hands of their ancestors , the family propitiates the ancestors through prayer and sacrifices .
Festivals
Mo practitioners celebrate the following festivals of Chinese origin : the Spring Festival , the Qingming Festival , the Duanwu Festival , the Mid-Autumn Festival and the Dongzhi Festival . Regular rituals are performed on traditional celebrations prescribed in the yearly calendar .
The supreme deity of Mo is a sky god . There are sacrifices to him on the morning of the new year .
Sanyuesan is a festival , which takes place on the 3rd of March of the lunar calendar and is considered to be as important as Qingming . On the same day , before the festival takes place , sacrifices for the ancestors take place and graves are cleaned . Adherents sing , and boys keep an eye out for potential female partners .
Cattle are seen as holy . The Cattle Soul Festival is celebrated on the 8th day of the 4th lunar month , which Mo adherents believe is the birthday of the Cattle King . On this day , adherents go to their cattle barns and free the animals from their yoke .
The Frog Festival takes place during the 1st lunar month , when people pray for rain and a good harvest .
The Ghost Festival takes several days , and is based on the belief that the deceased can contact their relatives as ghosts or by other supernatural means . Families clean their homes carefully and undertake other preparations ; then the ghosts are welcomed . Finally , families say goodbye to the ghost and burn objects so that the ghosts are supplied in afterlife .
See also
Chinese folk religion
Dong Son drums
Satsana Phi
Vietnamese folk religion
Wuism
Notes
Bibliography
He Qimin . `` Self-understanding and Awareness of the Moment : Some Thoughts on the Position of Zhuang 's Baeuqlugdoz Culture in Chinese Society . '' Study of Ethnics in Guangxi , 2011–03 .
He Zhengting . `` Discussion on Culture of Zhuang 's Mo Religion . '' Study of Ethnics in Guangxi , 2005–03 .
Huang Guiqiu . `` The Protection of Buluotuo Culture and the Building of Harmonious Society for Zhuang Nationality . '' Guihai Tribune , 2006–05 .
Liao Yuling . `` On Formation Conditions and Development Trend of Folk Beliefs in Modern Guangxi . '' Journal of Baise University , 2008–01 .
Mo Youzheng . `` Exploration on Confucianism in the Scriptures of the Zhuang Shigong Religion . '' Journal of Nanning Teachers College , 2009-01a .
Mo Youzheng . `` On the Deities ' Relationships in the Shigong Religion of Zhuang Nationality . '' Journal of Guangxi Teachers Education University , 2011–02 .
Mo Youzheng . `` On the Value of the Scriptures of the Zhuang 's Shigong Religion . '' Journal of Guangxi Teachers Education University , 2010–02 .
Mo Youzheng . `` Thoughts about the Ceremony of Releasing Souls from Purgatory of the Zhuangs ' Shigong Religion and Its Culture . '' Journal of Hechi University , 2009-01b .
Qin Cong . `` Achievement , Unique Value and Trend of Research on Folk Beliefs of Zhuang Nationality . '' Study of Ethnics in Guangxi , 2011–01 .
Qin Yanjia . `` The Study of Shigong Religion in the Center of Guangxi under the Micro Perspective and Latitude Dimensions . '' Study of Ethnics in Guangxi , 2010–04 .
Qing Minlu . `` An In-depth Study of Buluotuo Culture and Customs from the Perspective of Cultural Inheritance . '' Sports Research and Education , 2012–02 .
Yang Shuzhe . `` An Analysis of the Methods Employed by Shigongs Among the Zhuangs Living Along the Hongshui River Valley to Communicate With the Spiritual Beings . '' Journal of Guangxi Normal University , 2004–04 .
Yang Shuzhe . `` On the Implements Used in the Ritual of Zhuang 's Shigong Folk-religion and their Deification . '' Journal of Guangxi Teachers College , 2001–03 .
Yang Shuzhe . `` Shigong Religion , the Zhuang People 's Folk Belief . '' Journal of the Central University For Nationalities , 2001–04 .
Yang Shuzhe . `` The Basic Tenets and Doctrines of Shigong Religion . '' Journal of Guangxi Normal University , 2002–04 .
References
Animism in Asia
Asian ethnic religion
Culture in Guangxi
East Asian religions
Polytheism
Religion in China
Zhuang people
Kultaranta ( ; ) is the summer residence of the president of Finland . It is in the district of Kultaranta on the island of Luonnonmaa , in Naantali . The granite manor house is surrounded by of park , belonging to the property .
The President of the Republic 's summer residence , Kultaranta , stands in 54-hectare grounds in Naantali on the southwest coast . As well as the granite-built house , the complex includes numerous outbuildings and greenhouses , and a park .
Kultaranta 's original owner was the businessman Alfred Kordelin , who had a manor house built for himself in 1914 . It was designed by the architect Lars Sonck . When Kordelin died in 1917 the manor 's ownership shifted to the University of Turku and , in 1922 , the Finnish Parliament voted to acquire it for use as the president 's summer residence .
The ground floor contains the reception rooms and private apartments . Upstairs are the bedrooms and guestrooms . Marble steps lead from the ground floor to the tower , from which there are views of Naantali and the inshore islands .
The parks around the manor , containing approximately a thousand square metres of greenhouse and a garden with 3,500 roses called Medaljonki ( 'medallion ' ) , are open to the public . The scent and colour of these roses are at their peak in the middle of the summer , when the President and family and their guests come to Naantali for the holidays . Tours in the garden are organised by the City of Naantali 's tourist service .
Kultaranta 's Park has been described as a `` mini-Versailles '' . The parkland to the north of Kultaranta is in practically a natural state , though a few sandy pathways have been built there , and the woodland is kept in good condition .
Kultaranta has about of greenhouses . The garden supplies the President 's household with both flowers and vegetables all year round .
Gallery
See also
Kesäranta
Mäntyniemi
References
Further reading
External links
Kultaranta , with pictures ( in English )
Presidential residences
Official residences in Finland
Manor houses in Finland
Palaces in Finland
Gardens in Finland
Naantali
Buildings and structures in Southwest Finland
Lars Sonck buildings
National Romantic architecture in Finland
Art Nouveau houses
Art Nouveau government buildings
Houses completed in 1914
Alberto Canal ( born 12 October , 1961 ) is a Spanish water polo player . He placed fourth in the men 's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
Valerie Woods Smith is a Belizean politician who has served as Speaker of the country 's House of Representatives since December 2020 .
Education
Woods has a BSc in Business Administration from Le Moyne College in Syracuse , New York and a master 's degree in Tourism Administration from George Washington University in Washington , D.C .
Career
Woods has worked as the Manager of the Protected Areas Conservation Trust , Country Manager of Chukka and Director of Tourism . In 1999 , she was appointed acting Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Tourism . She joined the Board of Friends for Conservation and Development in December 2019 .
Woods is a member of the People 's United Party . In March 2016 , she was appointed by party leader Johnny Briceño to one of their three designated Senate seats . Her appointment was a surprise to some , as her husband had challenged Briceno to step down in 2011 .
Woods has been an outspoken advocate against discrimination on the basis of gender or sexuality . In August 2016 , she initiated a meeting between the LGBTI community and government officials after the Supreme Court overturned Section 53 of the Criminal Code , which punished same-sex relationships with up to ten years in prison . In December 2018 , she called for the government to do more to address domestic abuse . In April 2019 , she abstained from voting on the Belize Territorial Dispute Referendum Bill as she favoured taking Guatemala to the International Court of Justice . She said , `` If my head is to roll , let it roll . '' She was replaced in the Senate in August that year .
After the 2020 Belizean general election brought the PUP to power for the first time in 17 years , Woods was unanimously elected Speaker of the House of Representatives on 11 December 2020 after being proposed by newly elected Prime Minister Briceño and Deputy Prime Minister Cordel Hyde . In her inaugural address , she said , `` ... whіlе Веlіzе ѕtіll hаѕ muсh wоrk tо dо іn gеttіng mоrе wоmеn еlесtеd tо Раrlіаmеnt , І rесоgnіzе thаt mу nоmіnаtіоn аnd thаt оf thе Рrеѕіdеnt оf thе Ѕеnаtе , Ноn . Carolyn Trench-Sandiford , ѕіgnаlѕ а rесоgnіtіоn оf thе сrіtісаl іmроrtаnсе оf hаvіng mоrе wоmеn іn lеаdеrѕhір . '' Woods is also Chair of Caribbean Women in Leadership .
Personal life
Woods is married to Godfrey Smith , former Attorney-General of Belize and a judge of the Supreme Court of Saint Lucia .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Le Moyne College alumni
George Washington University alumni
People 's United Party politicians
Belizean women in politics
Members of the Senate ( Belize )
Speakers of the House of Representatives ( Belize )
Women legislative speakers
21st-century Belizean women politicians
Events in the year 1162 in Norway .
Incumbents
Monarch : Magnus V Erlingsson ( along with Haakon II Sigurdsson )
Events
7 July - .
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
7 July – Haakon II of Norway , King ( born c. 1147 ) .
References
Norway
Kate Evelyn Luard , ( 29 June 1872 – 16 August 1962 ) , was a British nurse in the Second Boer War and First World War who was awarded the Royal Red Cross and Bar . She was the author of two books describing her experiences .
Early life
Luard was born in Aveley vicarage on 29 June 1872 . Her father was Bixby Garnham Luard , the vicar of Aveley between 1871 and 1895 . Her mother was Clara Isabella Sandford Bramston . She had twelve brothers and sisters , three of whom were born after her . She subsequently moved to Birch , Essex after her father was appointed to that living .
She was educated at Croydon High School , where the headmistress , Dorinda Neligan , had served as a nurse at the Siege of Metz during the Franco Prussian War in 1870–71 . Luard worked as a teacher and governess in order to pay for nursing training at King 's College Hospital , London .
War service
Luard served as a nurse in the Second Boer War and was one of the first nurses to join the British Expeditionary Force at the start of the First World War . She arrived in France on 8 August 1914 and was therefore listed as eligible for the 1914 Star , with a clasp because she served under enemy fire , although it is not clear whether she received it . Initially , she worked on ambulance trains bringing the wounded from the battlefields . During the war she was twice mentioned in despatches and was awarded the Royal Red Cross and Bar . The first award of the Royal Red Cross was gazetted in January 1916 , and the bar in May 1918 . Luard was Head Sister of No . 32 Casualty Clearing Station at Brandhoek during the Battle of Passchendaele .
She resigned from the Queen Alexandra 's Imperial Military Nursing Service ( Reserve ) shortly after the Armistice because of the illness of her father .
Post war
After this the war , Luard worked in the South London Hospital for Women , and as a matron at a boys school . She retired to Wickham Bishops in Essex , where she died on 16 August 1962 .
Publications
Luard is the author of two accounts of her experiences in the war :
Diary of a Nursing Sister on the Western Front , William Blackwood & Sons , 1915 ( published anonymously ) ;
Unknown Warriors , the Letters of Kate Luard , History Press Limited , 2017 .
References
1872 births
1962 deaths
British women in World War I
Female nurses in World War I
Members of the Royal Red Cross
People educated at Croydon High School
People from Aveley
Queen Alexandra 's Royal Army Nursing Corps officers
The Band of the Royal Irish Regiment is a military band serving as the regimental band for Royal Irish Regiment ( established in 1992 ) and the chief Irish military reserve band in the British Army . Being a reserve band , with is composed of volunteer musicians with the exception of a permanent staff instructor .
History
Previous Irish military bands in the British Army
Ranger band
The Royal Irish Rangers band was established in 1968 . It took part in the Edinburgh Military Tattoo in 1979 . On 12 January 1991 , all 19 members of the band led by bandmaster WO1 Clarke were deployed to a transit camp in Saudi Arabia where they joined a unit of the Royal Marines in Operation Desert Storm . On 19 January the band undertook a twelve-hour move towards the border with Iraq to reinforce the 32 Field Hospital , a unit consisting of 600 military personnel of the British Armed Forces . On St Patrick 's Day a parade was led by the band at the hospital .
UDR Pipes and Drums
Each battalion of the Ulster Defence Regiment had a section of professional bagpipers who were part of a formally pipe band ( called the Pipes & Drums of the Ulster Defence Regiment ) . In June 1986 , the regiment held a two-day military tattoo at Ravenhill rugby ground in Belfast . It attracted 12,000 residents of the city and the performance of a Beating Retreat by the Pipes and Drums and the Band of the Duke of Edinburgh 's Royal Regiment and the Royal Ulster Constabulary Band . The only UDR recording ever publicly released was the 5 UDR Pipes & Drums performing `` Irish & Scottish Pipe Music '' , which includes the regimental and battalion marches as well as other Irish tunes .
Today
The band in 1993 , a year later after the regiment . It uniquely combined the bugles , pipes , and drums from both regiments . As a result , boasted the largest regimental musical ensemble in the British Army before being reorganized in October 2007 . On 28 April 2012 , a parade to a UDR memorial unveiled at the National Memorial Arboretum was led by the band . The band was present during the Rangers ' golden jubilee in 2018 . During the celebrations , the band performed a `` beating retreat '' in an event hosted by the Lisburn and Castlereagh City Council .
Uniform
Its uniform follows the traditional full dress uniform for of Irish regiments and rifle regiments . The pipers uniform consists of a saffron kilt , a bottle-green `` Prince Charlie '' jacket , cape and caubeen . Unlike other Irish regiments , UDR pipers did not wear a traditional hackle and the lining colour of the cloaks was unique to the regiment .
Regimental marches
Killaloe
Killaloe is the regimental march of The Royal Irish Regiment as well as the South African Irish Regiment . When playing the On such occasions , at a time generally given by the Sergeant-Major , the Band would make a pause , during which all ranks would give a 'Connaught Yell ! ' , then continue playing .
See also
Band and Bugles of The Rifles
British Columbia Regiment Band
Band of the Irish Guards
NYPD Pipes and Drums
Irish Defence Forces School of Music
British Army bands
References
Royal Irish Regiment ( 1992 )
Military units and formations established in 1993
Musical groups established in 1993
1993 establishments in the United Kingdom
Sarpamitra ( also known as Sapamita ) was a king of Kosambi in India . He was part of the Mitra dynasty of Kosambi .
He may have ruled somewhere around the 1st century BCE or the 1st century CE .
Name
Many of the rulers of the Mitra dynasty bear the suffix `` -mitra '' in their names . The first part of his name , Sarpa- , while rare is synonymous with Naga . Naga is a more common part in the names of monarchs in Northern and Southern India .
Coins of Sarpamitra
Most rulers of the Mitra dynasty of Kosambi , except Radhamitra , have the symbol known as the tree-in-railing in their coins . Another common symbol is the Ujjain symbol . Bull is a common animal to appear on the coinage of Kosambi of the era .
References
1st-century BC Indian monarchs
The Quincunx of Time is a short science fiction novel by American writer James Blish . It is an extended version of a short story entitled `` Beep '' , published by Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in 1954 . The novel form was first published in 1973 .
Setting
Late in the 21st century , a device called the Dirac communicator
promises instantaneous communication across interstellar distances . This would allow Earth security , headed by one Robin Weinbaum , to keep the peace . Before one of the devices can even reach a far-away system , someone starts producing predictions that suggest they have advance knowledge of Dirac communications .
Eventually it is realized that the new technology incorporates a way of learning about future events . The result is a lengthy discussion of free will versus determinism .
Plot summary
Capt . Robin Weinbaum of Earth Security submits to a request for an interview from Dana Lje , a video commentator , mostly because she can and has made his life difficult with her reporting of Security lapses , especially in a recent case involving the Government of Erskine , another planetary system . Ms. Lje reveals that she has received a communication from an outfit calling itself `` Interstellar Information Ltd. '' about an incident in a star system so far away that even by a faster-than-light ship , no message could return from it in less than two months . The incident in fact is due to take place in the next few days . The communication also alleges that there is a new device aboard the ship , and gives the name of the device .
When Weinbaum hears the name—the Dirac communicator—he is forced to believe that Interstellar Information have access to information even he does n't have . He brings in Dr. Thor Wald to explain the Dirac device to Dana Lje . She agrees to play along with Interstellar and its owner , J. Shelby Stevens , to let Security find out how the company gets its information .
A long investigation turns up exactly nothing . Even when J. Shelby Stevens allows an interview , under the conditions of so-called `` stoolie 's arrest '' in which he voluntarily places himself in custody for interview , with a guarantee of being set free immediately afterward , there is no progress . The only result is that Stevens predicts the date of their next meeting .
Weinbaum uses the Dirac device to communicate with his agents , even though he suspects the communications may not be secure . Each audiovisual message is preceded by a loud beep and burst of visual static , which is so annoying that Weinbaum orders it edited from the tapes he reviews .
Finally Weinbaum discovers who Stevens really is , and to his amazement the day this happens is the exact day Stevens predicted they would meet again . He orders his agents to arrest the miscreant .
The explanation he gets is this : the beep that he found so annoying represents all the messages ever sent , or that ever will be sent , using the Dirac device . With proper techniques , it is possible to extract any message , whether it be recent , or far in the future .
Weinbaum realizes that this is an incredible and dangerous thing . On the one hand he can be ready for any hostile act on the part of Earth 's enemies , but on the other he may , by choosing some events over others , affect the course of future history . The final chapters of the book are a long and well-informed discussion on free will and determinism ( the preface of the novel has a quote on the subject from philosopher William James ) . Eventually Weinbaum decides that the best choice is no choice at all . If information in the beep states that something will happen , then his agents must make sure that it happens . He calls this principle `` Thy will , not mine '' .
Characters
Robin Weinbaum is Head of Security on Earth .
Thor Wald is a physicist , mathematician , and inventor of the Dirac communicator .
Dana Lje is a journalist and media star of Dutch and Indonesian ancestry , who recently exposed a major lapse of Security in the so-called `` Erskine affair '' . She contacts Earth Security after receiving information from Interstellar Information Ltd ..
`` J. Shelby Stevens '' is a mysterious figure , owner and sole proprietor of Interstellar Information , Ltd .. He has access to information that he could only have received via the top-secret Dirac device , but not only is this device supposed to be a secret , his communications using it can not be picked up by the authorities , an apparent impossibility . When he makes his first and last appearance in the plot , he seems to be an old man . But is he ?
Major themes
Blish , in a foreword to the novel , discusses the need he felt to expand the original short story . It arose because Larry Shaw , who had encouraged him to expand the novella A Case of Conscience into an award-winning novel , recognized that the story raised issues that Blish himself could and should write about at length .
Once it becomes clear to all the characters that the beep contains information from the future , each interprets the information in his or her own way . Dana Lje expresses the opinion that cause and effect are simply a construct of the mind , that events are fixed and the human consciousness is simply an observer . As far as she is concerned , she was forewarned of the events of the story and chose to follow the path that made them happen . Thor Wald takes the scientific point of view , noting that as newer theories replace older ones it is merely because they are more convenient or more accurate . Their relationship to reality is a matter of conjecture . He believes that , once enough dimensions of space-time are invoked , free will becomes inevitable .
Weinbaum has more immediate concerns . As one of his successors points out in the story which frames the novel , the problem with any message is context . The further removed from the current situation , the worse the problem is . The narrative even quotes the then-fashionable theory of paradigms of Thomas Kuhn , in order to show how shifting viewpoints can lead to different interpretations of a message . Weinbaum 's conclusion was the only one which avoided the paradigm problem , in that it simply required the Security Service to act to make sure events happened as described , rather than trying to prescribe new events based on a potentially faulty understanding of a message .
Allusions/references to other works
At least one of the future messages alludes to events in other Blish novels . For instance , one message describes events in the novel Midsummer Century .
As with many of his stories featuring faster-than-light travel , Blish credits the discovery to a scientist called Haertel , apparently a childhood prodigy . The character `` Dolph Haertel '' appears in the novel Welcome to Mars as just such a prodigy , who flies to Mars using a space drive he invents in his back yard .
In one message , the motto Mundus vult decipi ( The world wishes to be deceived ) appears . This also appears in the work of author James Branch Cabell . Blish was , for a time , editor of Kalki , the journal of the Cabell Society .
Captain Weinbaum , referring to Mundus vult decipi , comments that it reminds him of a quote expressing a similar attitude , `` To conceal from a man his own nature is the easiest of all tasks , and the basis of civilized intercourse . '' He 's not sure who said it , but thinks it might have been Lord Gro , a major character in The Worm Ouroboros by E.R . Eddison .
References
External links
`` Beep '' at the Internet Archive
1973 British novels
1973 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Novels by James Blish
Works originally published in Galaxy Science Fiction
Dell Publishing books
Ex Libris Group is an Israeli software company that develops integrated library systems and other library software . The company is headquartered in Jerusalem , and has ten other offices around the world . In October 2015 , Ex Libris was acquired by ProQuest which in turn was acquired by Clarivate in December 2021 .
History
Ex Libris started as an internal project at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1980 to develop a new library management system , as no system at the time was able to handle both Hebrew and Latin character sets as required by the university . The software was called Automated Library Expandable Program or ALEPH-100 ( `` Aleph '' is also the name of the first letter of many Semitic alphabets ) . In 1983 , Yissum ( the technology transfer company of the Hebrew University ) founded Aleph-Yissum Ltd. , a new company to commercialize the software . Yohanan Spruch , the original developer of ALEPH , became the company 's chief technology officer . Between 1983 and 1988 , all eight Israeli universities bought the program and linked up in a network .
In 1986 Ex Libris Ltd. was founded by technology entrepreneur Azriel Morag to market the software overseas . In 1993 ALEPH was deployed by the seventeen libraries of the Vatican
and 200 libraries in 27 countries had bought it by 1995 .
In 1995 Aleph-Yissum merged with Ex Libris Ltd. and reorganized as the Ex Libris Group , headed by Azriel Morag as the group 's chief executive officer .
In July 1997 , Ex Libris acquired Dabis , a leading vendor of automated library systems in the German speaking countries .
In 1998 , venture capital funds Walden Israel and Tamar Ventures invested over $ 4m in Ex Libris .
In February 2000 , Ex Libris acquired the rights to SFX , an OpenURL link server software , from the University of Ghent . Ex Libris popularized OpenURL , which later became the ANSI/NISO Z39.88 standard in the information industry .
In July 2000 , Ex Libris launched MetaLib , a federated search system that conducts simultaneous searches in multiple information resources such as library catalogs , journal articles , newspapers .
In August 2002 , Ex Libris launched DigiTool , a full function , digital asset management system designed for libraries and information centers .
In 2004 , Ex Libris launched Verde , an electronic resource management system that manages the acquisition and licensing of electronic resources .
In July 2006 , Francisco Partners became the sole owner of Ex Libris Group . In November of that year , Endeavor , the developer of the Voyager integrated library system , was merged into Ex Libris .
In May 2007 , Ex Libris launched the Primo library discovery and delivery service .
In August 2008 , Leeds Equity Partners acquired Ex Libris Group .
In May 2009 , Ex Libris launched the bX recommender service , which provides library users with recommendations for scholarly articles . Also in 2009 , Rosetta was introduced as a digital preservation and asset management solution .
In January 2011 , in collaboration with four development partners , the company released the Ex Libris Alma library management solution , the first SaaS cloud-based library services platform , representing the company 's shift from an on-premise to a SaaS technology provider .
Golden Gate Capital acquired Ex Libris in 2012 .
Ex Libris acquired oMbiel and its product campusM , a mobile campus platform , in April 2015 , marking the company 's expansion to EdTech solutions outside the library .
Leganto , the company 's reading list management application , built on the Alma cloud platform , was launched in 2015 , and was Ex Libris ' entry into the teaching and learning domain .
In December 2015 , ProQuest acquired Ex Libris . It was announced at that time that Ex Libris would also manage the products of the Workflow Solutions division of ProQuest , such as Intota , Summon , and 360 Link .
In February 2018 , Ex Libris partnered with five universities across the US to collaborate on the development of a new research services platform , Ex Libris Esploro . It was the company 's first step into the research services market . The company provides services to thousands of customers in more than 90 countries . As of 2015 , Ex Libris served 43 of the 50 top universities in the world . Over 40 national libraries use Ex Libris solutions .
In August 2018 , Ex Libris acquired Research Research Limited ( known as * Research ) , which offers coverage of funding opportunities and publishes news and analysis of research politics and funding in the United Kingdom , Europe , Australia , and New Zealand .
In June 2019 , Ex Libris acquired RapidILL , which had been developed by Colorado State University . In December 2019 , Ex Libris agreed to acquire Innovative Interfaces ( III ) .
In May 2021 , Clarivate acquired ProQuest/Ex Libris .
Key people
Matti Shem Tov was the president and CEO of Ex Libris from 2003 to 2017 . He was appointed as CEO of ProQuest in November 2017 , and Bar Veinstein took over as president of Ex Libris at that time . In late 2021 Oded Sharfstein was appointed President of Ex Libris . In January 2022 Ofer Mosseri replaced Sharfstein as the General Manager of Ex Libris .
Products
Alma : A SaaS Library Services Platform ( LSP ) , released by company in 2012
Primo : Discovery service released in 2006
Summon : Index-based discovery service . Launched in January 2009
Rosetta : Digital preservation and asset management platform , launched in 2009
Leganto : Reading list management application launched in 2015
campusM : Mobile campus app platform for academic institutions , acquired in 2015
Esploro : Research services platform launched in February 2018
360 Link : Link resolver and knowledge base product
360 Resource Managers : Library content management
Refworks : Citation and reference management solution
Pivot : Comprehensive resource for finding funding opportunities available to researchers
Aleph : Original integrated library system ( ILS )
Voyager : Integrated library services platform ( ILS ) , acquired by Ex Libris in November 2006
DigiTool : Digital asset management system
bX : Scholarly article recommender service
Verde : E system
SFX : OpenURL link resolver software
MetaDoor - The Open Metadata Platform , in development as of 2022
References
External links
Library Technology Guides profile
1986 establishments in Israel
Companies established in 1986
Library automation
Library-related organizations
Privately held companies of Israel
Information technology companies of Israel
Companies based in Jerusalem
ProQuest
Mergers and acquisitions of Israeli companies
Winchester is a village in Adams County , Ohio , United States . The population was 1,051 at the 2010 census . The name of the surrounding township is also named Winchester .
State Route 136 passes through Winchester . Winchester is adjacent to Ohio State Route 32 , a four lane divided highway known as the Appalachian Highway . The Appalachian Highway links Winchester to Cincinnati . A traffic signal is located at the intersection of Routes 32 and 136 .
History
Winchester was laid out in 1815 by Joseph Darlinton . It was named for Darlinton 's former hometown of Winchester , Virginia .
There is also an Ohio Historic Site in Winchester , the Dr. A. C. Lewis House . The Dr. A. C. Lewis home was built between 1845 and 1848 . Dr. Lewis is considered the first resident physician of Winchester . He was a known abolitionist and used the house as a station on the underground railroad .
Geography
Winchester is located at ( 38.940248 , -83.653174 ) .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the village has a total area of , of which is land and is water .
Demographics
2010 census
As of the census of 2010 , there were 1,051 people , 420 households , and 273 families living in the village . The population density was . There were 462 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the village was 98.4 % White , 0.2 % African American , 0.5 % Native American , 0.3 % from other races , and 0.7 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0 % of the population .
There were 420 households , of which 34.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 45.7 % were married couples living together , 13.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 6.2 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 35.0 % were non-families . 31.2 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.3 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05 .
The median age in the village was 35.9 years . 27.3 % of residents were under the age of 18 ; 9.3 % were between the ages of 18 and 24 ; 25.9 % were from 25 to 44 ; 22 % were from 45 to 64 ; and 15.6 % were 65 years of age or older . The gender makeup of the village was 49.0 % male and 51.0 % female .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,025 people , 410 households , and 280 families living in the village . The population density was 381.8 people per square mile ( 147.7/km2 ) . There were 448 housing units at an average density of 166.9 per square mile ( 64.5/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the village was 99.02 % White , 0.20 % Native American , 0.39 % Asian , and 0.39 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.49 % of the population .
There were 410 households , out of which 34.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.4 % were married couples living together , 11.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.5 % were non-families . 27.6 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.06 .
In the village , the population was spread out , with 28.4 % under the age of 18 , 8.7 % from 18 to 24 , 28.4 % from 25 to 44 , 20.3 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.2 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 89.1 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 85.4 males .
The median income for a household in the village was $ 32,344 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,750 . Males had a median income of $ 33,036 versus $ 19,028 for females . The per capita income for the village was $ 16,711 . About 9.5 % of families and 14.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.2 % of those under age 18 and 18.4 % of those age 65 or over .
Gallery
References
Villages in Ohio
Villages in Adams County , Ohio
Populated places on the Underground Railroad
1815 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1815
Michael Chandler is a mixed martial artist
Michael Chandler may also refer to :
Michael Chandler ( priest ) ( born 1945 ) , Anglican dean of Ely
Michael A. Chandler , American film editor , writer and director
Mike Chandler ( born 1958 ) , racing driver
In mathematics , a Spin ( 7 ) -manifold is an eight-dimensional Riemannian manifold whose holonomy group is contained in Spin ( 7 ) . Spin ( 7 ) -manifolds are Ricci-flat and admit a parallel spinor . They also admit a parallel 4-form , known as the Cayley form , which is a calibrating form for a special class of submanifolds called Cayley cycles .
History
The fact that Spin ( 7 ) might possibly arise as the holonomy group of certain Riemannian 8-manifolds was first suggested by the 1955 classification theorem of Marcel Berger , and this possibility remained consistent with the simplified proof of Berger 's theorem given by Jim Simons in 1962 . Although not a single example of such a manifold had yet been discovered , Edmond Bonan then showed in 1966 that ,
if such a manifold did in fact exist , it would carry a parallel 4-form , and that it would necessarily be Ricci-flat . The first local examples of 8-manifolds with holonomy Spin ( 7 ) were finally constructed around 1984 by Robert Bryant , and his full proof of their existence appeared in Annals of Mathematics in 1987 . Next , complete ( but still noncompact ) 8-manifolds with holonomy Spin ( 7 ) were explicitly constructed by Bryant and Salamon in 1989 . The first examples of compact Spin ( 7 ) -manifolds were then constructed by Dominic Joyce in 1996 .
See also
G2 manifold
Calabi–Yau manifold
References
.
.
.
Riemannian manifolds
Ervin Baktay ( 1890–1963 ; born Ervin Gottesmann ) was an author noted for popularizing Indian culture in Hungary .
He had started his career as a painter and he encouraged his niece Amrita Sher-Gil to pursue art . Baktay gave up painting to study eastern religions and art , and became a renowned Indologist .
Family
Ervin Baktay was uncle to artist Amrita Sher-Gil and nephew to Nagybánya artist Alfréd Gottesmann ( 1872–1965 ) .
Works
He translated the Kama Sutra in 1920 and then published a version of the Mahābhārata in 1923 . In 1960 , he produced a version of the Ramayana .
Selected publications
Baktay Ervin : Die Kunst Indiens ; Übers . Edith Róth ; Bearb . Heinz Kucharski ; Berlin - Budapest , Terra - Akad . Verlag , 1963 .
References
Hungarian Indologists
Hungarian Jews
People from Dunaharaszti
1890 births
1963 deaths
Place of birth missing
Burials at Farkasréti Cemetery
David J. Bredehoft , Ph.D. , CFLE , is the former chair of the Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences at Concordia University , Saint Paul , in Minnesota as well as a former Professor of Psychology and Family Studies . Along with Jean Illsley Clarke and Connie Dawson , he is a co-author of the 2003 parenting book How Much is Enough ? Everything You Need to Know to Steer Clear of Overindulgence and Raise Likeable , Responsible , and Respectful Children .
Background and education
Dr. Bredehoft earned a B.A . in Psychology and a Master of Education in Educational Psychology from the University of Oklahoma , and a Ph.D. in Family Social Science from the University of Minnesota . Dr. Bredehoft holds four academic degrees within the fields of psychology , family social science , and educational psychology . He has over thirty-five years of experience in research , marriage and family therapy , and teaching . He is a licensed psychologist in the State of Minnesota . The National Council on Family Relations named him 2003 Certified Family Life Educator of the Year .
Work
Dr. Bredehoft has had over 100 articles published in journals , magazines , and newspapers relating to interests in psychology , parenting , and family studies . He has presented papers at national conventions at various places throughout the country . His primary research focus has been the relationship between childhood overindulgence and potential adult problems and parenting practices ; he has completed seven studies on the topic with a total of 2,368 participants between them . The topic forms the basis of his 2003 book How Much is Enough ? .
In 2009 , he and Michael Walcheski co-authored a book titled Family Life Education : Integrating Theory and Practice , which was published by the National Council on Family Relations .
References
Living people
Educational psychologists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Oklahoma alumni
University of Minnesota College of Education and Human Development alumni
Concordia University ( Saint Paul , Minnesota )
Primary energy use in Slovakia was 194 TWh and 36 TWh per million inhabitants in 2009 .
Overview
Slovakia is a net energy importer . The share of import was 63 % of the primary energy use in 2009 . ( IEA Key stats 2010 pages 52 )
Fossil fuels
Oil
Slovnaft is the largest oil refinery in Slovakia .
Natural gas
Slovenský plynárenský priemysel ( Slovak Gas Industry ) is the main natural gas supplier in Slovakia .
Nuclear Energy
Four operating reactors in two power plants ( Bohunice Nuclear Power Plant and Mochovce Nuclear Power Plant ) produced 14,42 TW·h in 2014 . Three other reactors at Bohunice are in permanent shutdown . Two other reactors are under construction at Mochovce .
Renewable energy
There is hydropower potential in Vah and Orava rivers ( before Stary Hrad , and after Kralovianski Meander , Oravka tunnel ) , with power plants over 30MW as extremely profitable ( for low cost/installed MW ) .
Wind power
In the end of 2010 wind power capacity in Slovakia 3 MW was the lowest of the EU countries , except Malta and Slovenia , as the potential is extremely low ( the wind starts to move the turbine over 4 km/h , and the winds in Slovakia are just under 4 km/h ) . EWEA 's targets are to produce 14-17 % of the EU 's electricity with wind power in 2020 , and save €28 billion a year in fuel costs in Europe .
Climate change
Emissions of carbon dioxide in total , per capita in 2007 were 6.8 tons CO2 compared to EU 27 average 7.9 tons . Emission change 2007/1990 ( % ) was -35.1 % . In Europe in 2007 the Slovak emissions of carbon dioxide per capita ( 6.8 tons CO2 ) were higher than in Hungary 5.4 , Sweden 5.1 , Portugal 5.2 or Switzerland 5.6 and lower than in Czech Republic 11.8 , Luxembourg 22.4 , Finland 12.2 , Netherlands 11.1 , Germany 9.7 or Ireland 10.1
1990 emissions were 74 Mt eq . The Kyoto protocol target is reduction of 6 Mt ( -8 % ) .
See also
2009 Handlová mine blast
List of power stations in Slovakia
Renewable energy by country
References
Vasile Grecu ( 31 July 1885 – 27 May 1972 ) was a Romanian philologist and Byzantinist .
He became a corresponding member of the Romanian Academy in 1936 . Between the years 1938-1947 , he was a professor at the University of Bucharest . Grecu 's works include critical editions of the works of the Greek historians Doukas , Kritoboulos of Imbros , George Sphrantzes and Constantine Porphyrogenitus .
References
Waldemar Ceran , `` Grecu Vasilije '' , Encyklopedia kultury bizantyńskiej ( Warsaw : Oktawiusz Jurewicz , 2002 ) , p. 189 .
1885 births
1972 deaths
Romanian Byzantinists
Corresponding members of the Romanian Academy
University of Bucharest faculty
20th-century Romanian historians
Scholars of Byzantine history
Revista de Libros ( Review of Books ) is a Spanish-language bi-monthly literary review magazine . The magazine was a print publication from 1996 to 2011 . It was restarted as an online-only magazine in 2013 . In 2016 the print edition was also started .
History and profile
Revista de Libros was established in 1996 . It was edited by Álvaro Delgado-Gal . The magazine was funded by the Fundación Caja Madrid until 2011 .
It provided its readers with the intellectual reviews both in print , electronic and electronic facsimile edition . In 2011 Fundación Caja Madrid stopped financing the magazine due to economic problems . Then , Revista de Libros ceased publication . In 2013 the magazine was started as an online-only monthly publication and Álvaro Delgado-Gal continues to edit the magazine . In 2016 the magazine launched its print edition , which was made possible through the financial assistance of Colegio Libre de Eméritos . The print edition appears bi-monthly .
Awards
1997 : National Prize for the Promotion of Reading , from the Spanish Ministerio de Educación y Cultura
2001 : Bartolomé March Critical Prize ( Premio Bartolomé March a la Crítica )
2004 : News Magazines Association Price ( Asociación de Revistas de Información
2005 : Álvaro Delgado-Gal was awarded the Premio a la Bibliodiversidad , from the Asociación de Editores de Madrid , for his magazine .
See also
List of magazines in Spain
References
External links
Revista de Libros , Asociación de Revistas Culturales de España
1996 establishments in Spain
Bi-monthly magazines published in Spain
Book review magazines
Literary magazines published in Spain
Magazines established in 1996
Magazines disestablished in 2011
Magazines established in 2016
Magazines published in Madrid
Monthly magazines published in Spain
Online literary magazines
Spanish-language magazines
Field hockey at the 2012 Olympic Games in London took place from 29 July to 11 August at the Riverbank Arena within the Olympic Park .
On 13 November 2010 the International Hockey Federation ( FIH ) decided to allocate 12 teams for each man and women events respectively .
Germany won the men 's tournament for the fourth time , and the women 's tournament was won by the Netherlands — their third Olympic women 's hockey title .
Competition schedule
Qualification
Each of the continental champions received a berth alongside the host , Great Britain ( England , Scotland and Wales compete separately in most competitions , but send a combined team to the Olympics and selected friendly tournaments , which is managed by England Hockey ) , while another three spots were decided in qualifying tournaments .
For the men 's tournament , Europe received two extra quota places , and Oceania one extra . While for the women 's , Asia , Oceania and Europe each received one extra quota place . All were based on FIH world rankings .
However , South Africa as African champion for both tournaments gave up the automatic berth on the premise that they should play a qualifier having deemed the African tournament as sub-standard even though they won the African qualifier tournament . Instead they played in the men 's and women 's Olympic qualification tournament and made the cut . Their automatic berth was awarded to Spain in the men 's tournament and Argentina in the women 's .
Men 's qualification
Women 's qualification
– South Africa won the African qualifier tournament but gave up their automatic berth on the premise that they should play a qualifier having deemed the African tournament as sub-standard . Eventually they won the Qualification Tournament 1 . Instead , Argentina was invited as the highest ranked team not already qualified after the conclusion of the continental championships .
Men 's tournament
Pool A
Pool B
Medal round
Final standings
Women 's tournament
Pool A
Pool B
Medal round
Final standings
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
External links
2012 Summer Olympics events
Summer Olympics
2012 Summer Olympics
Field hockey at the Summer Olympics
Normanellidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida .
Genera :
Normanella Brady , 1880
Paranaiara Kihara & Huys , 2009
Pseudocletodes Scott & Scott , 1893
Sagamiella Lee & Huys , 1999
References
Copepods
Grandi is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alessandro Grandi ( 1586–1630 ) , Italian composer
Allegro Grandi ( 1910-1973 ) , Italian cyclist
Bruno Grandi ( 1934–2019 ) , Italian gymnast
Daniele Grandi ( born 1993 ) , Italian footballer
Dino Grandi ( 1895–1988 ) , Italian politician
Ercole Grandi ( 1491–1531 ) , Italian painter
Filippo Grandi ( born 1957 ) , Italian diplomat
Giuseppe Grandi ( 1843-1894 ) , Italian sculptor
Guido Grandi ( priest ) ( 1671–1742 ) , Italian priest and mathematician
Guido Grandi ( entomologist ) ( 1886–1970 ) , Italian entomologist
Irene Grandi ( 1969 ) , Italian singer
Luigi Guido Grandi ( 1671-1742 ) , Italian monk , priest , philosopher , theologian , mathematician , and engineer
Margherita Grandi ( Margaret Gard ) ( 1892–1971 ) , Australian soprano
Marta Grandi ( 1915–2005 ) , Italian entomologist
Matías Grandi ( born 1998 ) , Argentine footballer
Matteo Grandi ( born 1992 ) , Italian footballer
Serena Grandi ( 1958 ) , Italian actress
Stefano Grandi ( born 1962 ) , Italian swimmer
Thomas Grandi ( 1972 ) , Canadian alpine skier
Fictional characters
Kari Grandi , protagonist in the Finnish television advertisements for Grandi juice brand
See also
Benigno De Grandi ( 1924-2014 ) , Italian professional football player and manager
Il Kal grandi , place of worsphip of the Sephardi community in Sarajevo , Bosnia
Grandi 's series , a certain infinite mathematical series ( after Guido Gandi )
Grandi non immerito , a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent IV on 24 July 1245
Ospedali Grandi , four great Venetian hospitals ( also referred to as the Ospedali Maggiori )
HB Grandi , Icelandic fishing company
Grandis ( disambiguation )
Italian-language surnames
Simon Fairfield Public Library is a public library in Douglas , Massachusetts .
James M. Fairfield was one of seven sons born to Simon and Phoebe Churchill Fairfield in Douglas , Massachusetts . He spent his boyhood with his close friend George Jepherson on his family 's farm in South Douglas . He left Douglas at an early age and went on to accumulate great wealth from real estate in the city of Lawrence . His friendship with George and his love of this town remained with him for most of his life . Sometime during 1902 after discussing his wealth and what to do with it he and his friends decided to build a town library in Douglas . After visiting the Uxbridge Free Public Library they decided to give the town a lasting memorial to his parents . This landmark in history became the Simon Fairfield Public Library .
At a town meeting in 1903 the voters decided to accept this gift . The acceptance included a provision that the control and government of the library and the real estate be permanently vested in an eight-member board of trustees , three to be elected and five to be appointed . Fairfield appointed the first five to be Charles J. Batchellor , Winfield S. Schuster , Walter B. Fairfield , Aaron F. Jones , and James W. Wixtead .
The dedication was held at the Second Congregational Church . Mr. Fairfield was not in attendance . However he continued to support the library financially until his death .
References
History of the town of Douglas by Emerson
Brief article - History of the Douglas Library by Charlotte Coppola
External links
Simon Fairfield Public Library web site
Library buildings completed in 1903
Public libraries in Massachusetts
Libraries in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Douglas , Massachusetts
Htanthi Mont ( ) is a popular traditional Burmese snack , made from toddy palm , coconut milk , baking soda , sugar and rice flour .
References
Burmese cuisine
Foods containing coconut
Ahmet Rıza Bey ( 1858 – 26 February 1930 ) was an Ottoman-born Turkish politician , educator , and a prominent member of the Young Turks , during the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire . He was also a key early leader of the Committee of Union and Progress .
In 1908 he became the first President of the revived Chamber of Deputies , the lower house of the Ottoman Parliament , and in 1912 , he was appointed as a Senator as well . He was the leading negotiator during the failed agreement of coalition between the Ottoman Empire , France , and Britain for World War I . During the war , he was one of the only CUP politicians who opposed and condemned the Armenian genocide while it was ongoing .
Ahmet Rıza has been described as a polymath by some authors .
Biography
Ahmet Rıza was born in Istanbul in 1858 , the son of Ali Rıza Bey . His father was nicknamed İngiliz ( `` Englishman '' ) because of his command of the English language and admiration of the British Empire . His mother , Fraulein Turban , was born in Munich but was of Hungarian origin . She moved to Vienna , where she met İngiliz , and converted to Islam to marry him , taking the name Naile Sabıka Hanım . He graduated from Galatasaray High School in Istanbul and subsequently studied agriculture in France . As a young man , he sought to improve the condition of the peasantry in the Empire . He was concerned with the conditions of the farmers and wanted to implement agricultural methods , supporting the ideas of the French sociologist , Auguste Comte .
In 1894 , he published a series of publications on unification of Islamic and Ottoman traditions of consultation . In 1895 , Meşveret , the journal that he published , became a locus of the exiled Young Turks movement . Even though he was a Turkish nationalist , Rıza was horrified by the Hamidian massacres , which he blamed on the sultan and condemned as contrary to `` the traditions of Islamicism and the precepts of the Koran '' . Ahmet Rıza opposed the maverick Prince Sabahaddin 's calls for revolution and European intervention in the empire at the 1902 Congress of Ottoman Opposition in Paris , as well as any autonomous status for the Armenian-populated eastern provinces . At the Second Congress of Ottoman Opposition in 1907 , Ahmet Rıza at first reluctantly endorsed the use of violence to depose the sultan , but later reversed his position .
Going to Paris
According to a customized book in 1889 , on the pretext of participating in the exhibition organized for the centenary of the French Revolution , there was a customized letter , which indicated he escaped to Paris and did not return . He became an interpreter as he learned French . At the University of Paris , he continued his lectures on positivism , taught by mathematician Pierre Laffitte , as he was influenced by Laffitte 's thoughts about Islam and Eastern civilization in particular . Laffitte believed that Islam was the most advanced religion , so it was easy for Muslims to pass through positivism . Ahmet Rıza became one of the most active members of the Société Positiviste ( Positivist Society ) , and since 1905 he has appeared as a `` representative of Muslim communities '' in the Comité Positif Occidental , establishing the spread of positivist international platitudes .
During his first years in Paris , he attempted to respond to various newspapers and magazines , which were writing unfavourably about the Ottoman Empire . In 1891 , he wrote a letter to the postal and telegraph chronicle in Istanbul as he did not obey the instructions of the center of Paris to return to his country due to his use of the expression `` liberty '' in a lecture on Ottoman women and stated that he did not belong to any secret cemetery . Ahmet Rıza sent his thoughts to Sultan Abdul Hamid II in 1893 . He continued to send sheets upon the request of his encouraging response and continuation ; he tried to convince him that the constitutional regime was not a bad thing . In the case of sending the sixth party , he began to write political writings in French , which was published by the former Syrian deputy Halil Ganem with whom he published a newspaper , Meşveret , in Paris .
Second Constitutional Era
Later career
In 1915 , Rıza was one of the only Ottoman politicians who condemned the Armenian genocide . About a law to confiscate Armenian property , he stated in parliament : `` It is also not legal to classify the goods mentioned by the law as abandoned goods because the Armenian owners of these goods did not abandon them willingly , they were exiled , expelled forcefully . '' Noting that such confiscation was contrary to the Ottoman Constitution , he added : `` Strong-arm me , expel me from my village , then sell my property : this is never lawful . No Ottoman conscience or law can ever accept this . ''
As an educator , he enacted the inauguration of the second high school for girls in Turkey , the Kandilli High School for Girls in 1916 in Istanbul ( it was intended to be the first , but the outbreak of World War I delayed the execution of the project ) .
During the armistice period , Sultan Mehmed VI Vahdettin appointed Ahmed Rıza as president of the Ottoman Senate , during which he informed the American diplomats of the Ottoman government 's opposition to a League of Nation 's mandate . Grand vizier Damat Ferit Pasha eventually outmaneuvered him , taking away his position . He defected to Mustafa Kemal ( Atatürk ) Pasha 's movement and went to Paris on 22 June 1919 . He was instrumental in the negotiations between France and the Grand National Assembly government . He returned to Turkey in 1926 .
After retiring from public life at the end of World War I , Ahmet Rıza wrote his memoirs . They were published more than 50 years after his death in 1988 under the title Meclis-i Mebusan ve Ayan Reisi Ahmet Rıza Bey'in Anıları ( `` The Memoirs of Ahmet Rıza , the President of the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate '' ) . He died on 26 February 1930 in Istanbul .
He was awarded Order of Karađorđe 's Star .
Works
Books
Layihalar , 1889
Vazife ve Mesuliyet series ( Padishahs and Shehzades , Soldier , Woman )
Tolarance Muslumane ( İslamiyet'te Serbesti-i Ayin ) , 1897
Meşveret diaries , 1903-1908
La Crise de I'Orient ( Burhan-ı Şark ) , 1907
Echos de Turquie ( Türkiye Haberleri ) , 1920
La Faillite Morale de la Politique Occidentale en Orient ( Batının Doğu Politikasının Ahlaken İflası ) , 1922
Magazines
Revue Occidentale , 1896-1908
Positivist Review , 1900-1908
See also
Witnesses and testimonies of the Armenian genocide
Kandilli Anatolian High School for Girls
References
Sources
1858 births
1930 deaths
Date of birth missing
Galatasaray High School alumni
Government ministers of the Ottoman Empire
20th-century journalists of the Ottoman Empire
19th-century journalists of the Ottoman Empire
Young Turks
Witnesses of the Armenian genocide
Academics from Istanbul
Turkish people of Hungarian descent
19th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
20th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
Committee of Union and Progress politicians
Members of the Senate of the Ottoman Empire
Are You Okay ? is the fourth album by art-funk ensemble Was ( Not Was ) . It was released in 1990 .
Track listing
All tracks composed by David Was and Don Was ; except where indicated .
`` Are You Okay ? '' – 4:28
`` Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone '' ( Barrett Strong , Norman Whitfield ) – 6:41
`` I Feel Better Than James Brown '' – 4:45
`` How the Heart Behaves '' – 5:35
`` Maria Novarro '' – 3:27
`` I Blew Up the United States '' – 3:51
`` In K Mart Wardrobe '' – 4:16
`` Elvis ' Rolls-Royce '' – 3:29
`` Dressed to Be Killed '' ( Was , Was , G Love E ) – 4:13
`` Just Another Couple Broken Hearts '' – 4:55
`` You ! You ! You ! '' ( Was , Was , Luis Resto ) – 3:28
`` Look What 's Back '' – 0:43
Personnel
Don Was - bass , keys
David Was - flute , keyboards , vocals
Sweet Pea Atkinson - vocals
Sir Harry Bowens - vocals
Donald Ray Wilson - vocals
David McMurray - saxophone
Randy Jacobs - guitar
Jamie Muhoberac - keyboards
Debra Dobkin - percussion , vocals
Rayse Biggs - trumpet
Ron Pangborn - drums
Contributors
Leonard Cohen - lead vocals on `` Elvis ' Rolls-Royce ''
G Love E - rap on `` Papa Was a Rolling Stone '' , `` Are You Okay '' and `` Dressed To Be Killed ''
Syd Straw - lead vocals on `` You ! You ! You ! ''
The Roches - vocals on `` Maria Novarro ''
Jeff Lorber - keyboard arranging , programming , performance on `` Are You Okay '' , `` Just Another Couple Broken Hearts '' , `` In K-Mart Wardrobe '' , `` How The Heart Behaves '' and `` I Feel Better Than James Brown ''
Iggy Pop , Downtown Julie Brown and Ewreck Benson - backing vocals on `` Elvis ' Rolls-Royce ''
Doug Fieger - backing vocals on `` I Blew Up The United States '' and `` Dressed To Be Killed ''
Brad Buxer - additional keyboards on `` How The Heart Behaves ''
Luis Resto - keyboards on `` You ! You ! You ! ''
Paul Riser - string and horn arrangements on `` Just Another Couple Broken Hearts '' , `` How The Heart Behaves '' and `` Elvis ' Rolls-Royce ''
Andy Gill - backing vocals on `` Dressed To Be Killed ''
Jon Jaz-Was - saxophonic reticulation
Produced by Don Was and David Was
Executive Producer - David Bates
Mixed by Keith Cohen and Ed Cherney
Additional production on `` How The Heart Behaves '' - Keith Cohen
References
1990 albums
Was ( Not Was ) albums
Albums arranged by Paul Riser
Albums produced by Don Was
Albums produced by David Was
Fontana Records albums
The Alamo Bowl is an NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game played annually since 1993 in the Alamodome in San Antonio , Texas . Since 2010 it matches the second choice team from the Pac-12 Conference and the second choice team from the Big 12 Conference . Traditionally , the Alamo Bowl has been played in December , although it was played in January following the 2009 , 2014 , and 2015 seasons .
Since 2007 , the game has been sponsored by Valero Energy Corporation and officially known as the Valero Alamo Bowl . Previous sponsors include MasterCard ( 2002–2005 ) , Sylvania ( 1999–2001 ) , and Builders Square ( 1993–1998 ) .
History
The game was previously known as the Builders Square Alamo Bowl ( 1993–1998 ) , the Sylvania Alamo Bowl ( 1999–2001 ) , and the MasterCard Alamo Bowl ( 2002–2005 ) . The logo of the event has evolved to reflect the changes in sponsorship . On May 24 , 2007 the Alamo Bowl announced a partnership with San Antonio-based Valero Energy Corporation , and thus the bowl 's full name was changed . The partnership with Valero is in place until 2025 .
The game originally gave an automatic invite to a team from the now-defunct Southwest Conference ( SWC ) . However , in 1993 , only two of the eight SWC teams finished with the necessary 6 wins against Division I-A teams to become bowl-eligible , and those two teams were already committed to other bowls , so the Iowa Hawkeyes were invited instead . The SWC was able to provide teams for the next two seasons ( Baylor Bears in 1994 and Texas A & M Aggies in 1995 ) before the conference disbanded .
During the 1996 Alamo Bowl , the Iowa Hawkeyes wore plain black helmets ( removing their tigerhawk logo and gold stripe ) in honor of linebacker Mark Mitchell 's mother , who died in a car accident while traveling to San Antonio for the game .
The 2002 Alamo Bowl played between the Colorado Buffaloes and Wisconsin Badgers was the first Alamo Bowl to go into overtime , with the unranked Badgers defeating the No . 14 ranked Buffaloes after kicking a field goal to win 31–28 , completing a perfect non-conference schedule at 6-0 ( the Badgers finished with a 2-6 record in the Big Ten ) . The 2008 Alamo Bowl between the Missouri Tigers and Northwestern Wildcats also went into overtime , with the Tigers defeating the Wildcats 30–23 .
The 2005 Alamo Bowl ended with one of the most controversial plays in bowl game history . During the multi-lateral play , almost the entire Nebraska Cornhuskers team and coaching staff as well as half of the Michigan Wolverines sideline came onto the field , and the Cornhuskers gave their coach a Gatorade shower before the play was blown dead . It drew parallels to 1982 's `` The Play '' , 2000 's `` Music City Miracle '' , and 2002 's `` Bluegrass Miracle '' . Nebraska would win the game 32−28 after Michigan was not able to reach the endzone .
The 2007 Alamo Bowl between the Penn State Nittany Lions and the Texas A & M Aggies was attended by 66,166 , an Alamodome facility-record crowd for a sporting event , breaking the previous record set by the Iowa Hawkeyes and Texas Longhorns in the 2006 Alamo Bowl . The Nittany Lions won the game 24–17 .
The Alamo Bowl has sold out seven of its 16 games ( 1995 , 1999 , 2001 , 2004 , 2006 , 2007 , and 2011 ) .
On August 28 , 2009 , the Alamo Bowl organizers announced they had reached an agreement with the then Pac-10 Conference to replace the Big Ten Conference in the Alamo Bowl . Under the terms of the agreement , the now Pac-12 Conference 's ( Pac-12 ) second-choice team earns a bid to the Alamo Bowl . The agreement took effect beginning with the 2010 college football season . The Pac-12 's second-choice team was previously contracted to play in the Holiday Bowl against the third choice from the Big 12 . The Big 12 's third choice also moved to the Alamo Bowl , and the Holiday Bowl now gets third choice of team from the Pac-12 and the fourth choice from the Big Ten .
In the 2011 Alamo Bowl , the Baylor Bears and Washington Huskies combined to score 123 points , breaking the record for the most points scored in a bowl game in college football history . Baylor won the game , 67–56 . The 2011 game was also the first Alamo Bowl to feature a season 's Heisman Trophy winner , Baylor 's Robert Griffin III .
Game results
All rankings are taken from the AP Poll prior to the game being played .
Source :
MVPs
Two MVPs are selected for each game ; one offensive player and one defensive player .
Source :
Fred Jacoby Sportsmanship Award
The bowl 's sportsmanship award is named after Fred Jacoby , who served as SWC commissioner from 1982 to 1993 .
Source :
Most appearances
Updated through the December 2021 edition ( 29 games , 58 total appearances ) .
Teams with multiple appearances
Teams with a single appearance
Won ( 6 ) : California , Missouri , Ohio State , Oklahoma , UCLA , Wisconsin
Lost ( 6 ) : Arizona , Iowa State , Oregon State , Stanford , Utah , Washington
With Oklahoma 's appearance in the 2021 game , Kansas and West Virginia are the only current or former Big 12 members that have not appeared in the bowl , while Arizona State and USC are the only Pac-12 members that have not appeared . Colorado has appeared as both a member of the Big 12 and Pac-12 .
Appearances by conference
Updated through the December 2021 edition ( 29 games , 58 total appearances ) .
Games marked with an asterisk ( * ) were played in January of the following calendar year .
Pac-12 record includes appearances when the conference was known as the Pac-10 ( before 2011 ) .
The Southwest Conference ( SWC ) dissolved after the 1995 season .
Game records
Source :
Media coverage
The bowl has been televised on ESPN since its inception . It has produced eight of the top 20 most-watched bowl games in ESPN history . In 2006 , the Alamo Bowl featured the Texas Longhorns and the Iowa Hawkeyes in a game that earned a 6.0 rating , making it the most-watched college football game in ESPN history as more than 8.83 million viewers saw the telecast .
References
External links
College football bowls
Annual sporting events in the United States
Municipal elections in Delhi are scheduled to be held in December 2022 to elect 250 councillors of Municipal Corporation of Delhi .
This would be the first election to the municipal corporation since the 3 municipal bodies were reunified in May 2022 .
Background
The tenure of NDMC , SDMC and EDMC came to an end on 18 May 2022 . The previous municipal elections were held in April 2017 to elect the councillors of the 3 municipal corporations .
Re-merger of municipal corporations
In March 2022 , the state Election Commission indefinitely deferred the municipal elections that were scheduled to be held in April 2022 . On 22 March , the Union Government approved the Delhi Municipal Corporation ( Amendment ) Bill to merge the 3 municipal corporations back to a single body . The unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi formally came into existence from 22 May 2022 .
Events
The State Election Commission in Delhi had been preparing for the Delhi Municipal Elections had issued multiple notices , notifications and orders that had indicated that the election was planned to be conducted in April 2022 .
On March 9 , 2022 , the State Election Commission announced a press conference at 5 pm to declare the schedule of the Municipal elections to be conducted in April . After the announcement , the commission received an unofficial communication from the Lt . Governor of Delhi Anil Baijal that talked about plans of the union government to merge the three municipal bodies . No formal communication had been issued regarding the plans for merger nor any such agenda had been declared in the ongoing budget session of the parliament of India . After the communication by Baijal , the press conference to announce the election schedule was postponed indefinitely and the elections were deferred .
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal accused the BJP of using the unification as an excuse to postpone the elections . He stated , `` Can they cancel civic polls citing this reason ? If today they are giving such reasons to stop a small election , tomorrow they will delay state and national elections too . ''
Delimitation exercise
Delhi Municipal Corporation ( Amendment ) Bill , 2022 proposed a reduction in the number of councillor seats to “ not more than 250 seats ” from the existing 272 . A three-member delimitation committee was constituted on July 8 , 2022 . It was required to complete the exercise and submit its report within four months from the date of its constitution . The committee is led by State Election Commissioner Vijay Dev . The average size of the ward would be around 65,000 . Each assembly constituency shall be divided into a minimum of three wards and the principal of average population may not be maintained throughout , therefore a deviation to the extent of plus minus ten percent may be acceptable to the Union Government of India . The total population of the corporation ( 2011 census ) shall be divided by the total number of wards and average population of each ward shall be obtained . The number of seats reserved for members of Scheduled Castes shall bear the same ratio to the total number of seats as the population of Scheduled Castes bears to the total population of Delhi . The Delimitation commission is using digitised maps of Geospatial Delhi Limited ( GSDL ) .
Lawsuit to conduct the election
The Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) moved the Supreme Court and sought that directions be given to the State election Commission to conduct a fair and speedy election without interference from the Union government . The plea was filed by AAP leaders Ankush Narang and Manoj Kumar Tyagi . The plea asked that the election be conducted according to the planned schedule of the Election commission before the term of the Municipal corporations expire in May .
The plea stated , `` The elections have been pushed in the eleventh hour solely on an informal intimation to the State Election Commission . The State Election Commission has been set up as an independent constitutional authority to insulate it from political caprices and whims so that it can conduct free , fair and timely elections . Such arbitrary and sudden change in an election schedule solely on the say of the government is a clear violation of the fundamental democratic tenet of impartial conduct of elections '' . The plea called the incident , `` brazen influence of the Government of India over the State Election Commission and its flagrant meddling with the conduct of Municipal Elections '' . The plea accused the Union government of infringing upon the independence of the election commission by being the only reason to delay the election .
AAP called the indefinite deferral completely arbitrary and asked the court if elections with prepared schedule could be deferred with such unofficial communications `` at the whim of the Central government '' .
State Election Commission response
On 23 March , Indian Express cited unnamed sources and reported that the election commission had approached lawyers to advice it if the elections could take place amid the Union government 's intention to unify the corporations . According to the report , the lawyers had advised the commission to wait until the ongoing parliament session ended . Accordingly the commission was reported to make a decision on the election in the second week of April . The report also mentioned that the reorganization of wards in Delhi may be possible and this may lead to a delay in the elections .
Lawsuit demanding use of voting machine with paper trail
In March 2022 , Aam Aadmi Party asked the authorities conducting elections to use the Electronic Voting Machines ( EVM ) that were compatible with Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail ( VVPAT ) . The State Election Commission Delhi responded saying it had decided to hold the 2022 MCD Elections with second generation M-2 EVMs without VVPAT .
A petition was filed in the Delhi High Court by the Aam Aadmi Party MLA Saurabh Bhardwaj , in which he asked the HC to direct the State Election Commission of Delhi to conduct MCD elections with Electronic Voting Machines ( EVM ) that were compatible with Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail ( VVPAT ) and not without them . His lawyers said that it was almost impossible to check the accuracy of the EVM and tampering could not be ruled out when the EVMs without VVPAT machines were used .
In the case Subramanian Swamy vs Election Commission of India , ( 2013 ) , the Supreme Court of India had issued directions that recognized the use of a system of paper trail in the EVMs was an important requirement for a free and fair elections . The petition called the use of older second generation , M-2 EVMs by the state election commission as a contravention of the Supreme court direction , `` manifestly wrong '' and a `` colourable exercise of power '' . AAP petitioned that the decision raised `` genuine apprehension about the sanctity of the entire electoral process '' .
The petition noted , `` There is no Assembly Election slated after 7th March 2022 anywhere in the country . As such there is no hassle for them to loan out these new generation EVMs , compatible to VVPAT , to the SEC Delhi for conducting the MCD Elections 2022 ''
State Election Commission ( SEC ) stated that it was dependent on the Election Commission of India ( ECI ) for the supply of EVMs . ECI had given M2 EVMs without VVPAT to SEC . SEC said in the court that it had no objections in using EVM with VVPAT if the ECI provided it .
The Election Commission of India opposed the plea in the court and stated that it could not provide the EVM with VVPAT to the State Election commission as it used them for conducting election and could not allow use by agencies that it did not supervise .
AAP said in court that EVMs procured by the SEC are not compatible with VVPAT and it asked for the disclosure of the number of VVPAT compatible machines available in India . HC asked the SEC to inform the court which of the procured EVMs were compatible with VVPAT . Ten day time was given to respond and the next hearing was scheduled for 29 April .
Schedule
Parties and alliances
Others
Notes
References
Delhi
Local elections in Delhi
D
Municipal corporations in Delhi
John Egioke ( c 1616 - 22 December 1663 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Egioke was the eldest son of Sir Francis Egioke of Shernock Court . He was at Lincoln 's Inn in 1635 . In 1645 he was added to the Parliamentary Committee of Worcestershire and was appointed an assessment commissioner in 1656 .
In 1660 , Egioke was elected Member of Parliament for Evesham in the Convention Parliament . On 10 July 1660 he was appointed J.P for Worcestershire .
Egioke married Mary Draper , widow of William Draper and daughter of Richard Cresheld .
References
1616 births
1663 deaths
English MPs 1660
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
People from Worcestershire ( before 1974 )
Year of birth uncertain
Politicians from Worcestershire
The following is a list of notable alumni of collegiate a cappella singing groups .
See also
List of collegiate a cappella groups
Collegiate a cappella
A cappella
References
A cappella musical groups
Canadian Paralympics may refer to :
1976 Summer Paralympics , in Toronto , Ontario
2010 Winter Paralympics , in Vancouver , B.C .
Canadian Paralympic Committee ( CPC )
Canada at the Paralympics
Canadian Paralympic Athletics Championships
2005 Canadian Paralympic Athletics Championships
See also
2015 Parapan American Games , the 2015 Pan Am `` paralympic '' Games , in Toronto , Ontario
Canadian olympics ( disambiguation )
Canadian Pan Am Games ( disambiguation )
Canadian Commonwealth Games ( disambiguation )
Special Olympics Canada
was an entrepreneur and politician , who served as the final Minister of Commerce and Industry and first Minister of Economy , Trade and Industry in post-war Japan .
Inagaki was born in the city of Okayama . He graduated from the Economics Department of Keio University in 1913 . Although he received a job offer from Mitsui Bussan , he was recruited personally by Furukawa Toranosuke , the president of the Fukukawa zaibatsu and went to work for Furukawa instead . During World War I , he was sent to Germany , where he negotiated a joint-venture , which Fuji Electric in 1923 . Afterwards , he became a director of the Jiji Shimpo newspaper ( 1932 ) , director of Yokohama Rubber Company ( 1942 ) , president of Yokohama Rubber ( 1945 ) and chairman of Yokohama Rubber ( 1947 ) .
In 1947 , Inagaki was elected to a seat in the Diet of Japan in 1947 Upper House election under the Minshutō banner . He supported efforts to join with the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) in a coalition government in 1949 , and became the final Minister of Commerce and Industry and first Minister of Economy , Trade and Industry under the 3rd Shigeru Yoshida administration . In this post , he advised the American occupation authorities that he foresaw a time when China would become Japan 's most important trading partner .
Inagaki joined with Kamejiro Hayashida in 1950 to form the Minshu Kurabu ( Democratic Club ) , which later merged with the Liberal Party . However , in the 1953 Upper House election , he chose to run as an independent , but was not elected .
Afterwards , Inagaski served as chairman of the Japan Foreign Trade Council ( JFTC ) , chairman of Nippon Broadcasting System , chairman of Nippon Zeon Corporation , and as a director of the Institute of National Policy Research . He attempted a return to politics in the 1962 Japanese House of Councillors election under the LDP banner , but failed to secure a seat . He was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure , 1st class in 1971 .
References
Kudo , Akira . Japanese-German Business Relations : Co-operation and Rivalry in the Interwar Era . Routledge Japanese Studies Series . ( 2002 )
Nara , Hiroshia , Yoshida Shigeru : Last Meiji Man . Rowman & Littlefield . ( 2007 )
Scaller , Michael . The American Occupation of Japan : The Origins of the Cold War in Asia . Oxford University Press ( 1988 )
Shimizu , Sayuri . Creating People of Plenty . Kent State University Press ( 2001 )
Watanabe , Tsuneo . Japan 's Backroom Politics : Factions in a Multiparty Age . Lexington Books ( 2013 )
Notes
1888 births
1976 deaths
People from Okayama
Members of the House of Peers ( Japan )
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
Government ministers of Japan
Keio University alumni
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure , 1st class
Matthew Marvin Jr. ( bapt . November 8 , 1626 – 1712 ) was a founding settler of Norwalk , Connecticut . He served as a deputy of the General Assembly of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of May 1694 , and May and October 1697 .
He was the son of Matthew Marvin Sr. and Elizabeth .
He was twenty-four years old when he settled at Norwalk .
He is listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founding settlers of Norwalk in the East Norwalk Historical Cemetery .
References
1626 births
1712 deaths
American Puritans
Deputies of the Connecticut General Assembly ( 1662–1698 )
People from Great Bentley
Founding settlers of Norwalk , Connecticut
People of colonial Connecticut
Burials in East Norwalk Historical Cemetery
Volgograd State University ( VolSU , ) is a public university and one of the leading institutions of higher education in Volgograd , Russia .
History
The first year enrollment ( 250 people ) was made in 1980 and offered only 5 majors : Mathematics , Physics , History , Philology , and Linguistics on the sole at the Faculty of Sciences and Humanities . Today , the structure of the university includes Volzhsky Humanitarian Institute and five campuses in the cities of Volgograd Region : Kalach-na-Donu , Uryupinsk , Mikhaylovka , Frolovo and Akhtubinsk ( Astrakhan Oblast ) .
Academics
VolSU has 48 faculties and research centers , 22 four-year bachelors ( ) degrees , 11 two-year master 's ( ) degrees , 42 kandidat nauk ( Candidate of science , equals PhD ) postgraduate degrees , and 9 doktor nauk ( Doctor of science ) degrees .
The university is constantly attended by more than 14 thousand students and postgraduates . There is a system of additional vocational training , which implements the President 's Management Training Program of Russia and retraining programs , dual degree , professional training . Established partnerships with the Moscow State University , St. Petersburg State University , University of Cologne , University of Sorbonne , InHolland University ( Netherlands ) and other higher educational institutions of Russia , Europe and America .
VolSU is a Member of the Eurasian Association of Universities Eurasia , the Association of Classic Universities of Russia , the International Association of Teachers of Russian Language and Literature ; Regional Centre for Science , Education and Culture .
Faculties and departments
History , International Relations and Social Technologies
Department of Archeology and Foreign History
Department of History of Russia
Department of International Relations , Area Studies and Political Science
Department of Sociology
Department of Psychology
Department of Political Science
Department of Social Work and Pedagogics
Mathematics and Information Technology
Department of Mathematical Analysis and Function Theory
Department of Fundamental Informatics and optimal control
Department of Computer Science and Experimental Mathematics
Department of Information Systems and Computer Modeling
Department of Laser Physics
Department of Radiophysics
Department of Theoretical Physics and Wave Processes
Priority Technologies
Department of Forensic and physical material
Department of Telecommunication Systems
Department of Information Security
Philology and Intercultural Communication
Department of Literature , publishing and literary
Department of Russian Language
Department of Journalism
Department of Linguistics and bond of Document
Department of English Philology
Department of Professional foreign language communication
Department of Romance Philology
Department of German Philology
Department of Theory and Practice of Translation
Economy and Finance
Department of Corporate Finance and Banking
Department of Theory of finance , credit and taxation
Department of Global and Regional Economics
Department of Accounting , Analysis and Audit
Department of Economic Theory and Economic Policy
Office and the Regional Economy
Department of Marketing
Department of Mathematical Methods and Computer Science in Economics
Department of Management
Department of State and Municipal Management
Department of Economic Informatics and Management
Law
Department of Civil Law and Procedure
Department of Theory of State and Law
Department of Criminal Law
Chair of the criminal process and criminology
Department of International Law and Human Rights
Department of Philosophy
Natural Sciences
Department of Biology
Department of Ecology and Nature Resources Management
Department of Geography and Cartography
Continuing Education
Department of Physical Education and Health Technologies
Ranking
In 2015 VolSU was ranked among the best 150 schools of developing Europe and Central Asia according to Quacquarelli Symonds
. In 2015 VolSU was ranked among top-20 best schools of Russia in the category `` economics and management '' .
See also
Russian educational system
Volgograd
References
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
Educational institutions established in 1980
Universities in Volgograd Oblast
Buildings and structures in Volgograd
1980 establishments in the Soviet Union
Milk Cow Blues is the 48th studio album from American country singer Willie Nelson , released on September 19 , 2000 , on the Island Records label . It features many famous blues artists , including B . B . King and Dr. John .
Track listing
Personnel
Willie Nelson - guitar
Derek O'Brien - guitar
Jimmie Vaughan - guitar
Kenny Wayne Shepherd - guitar
Riley Osbourn - B-3 organ , piano
George Rains - drums
Mickey Raphael - harmonica
John Blondell - bass guitar
Chart performance
References
External links
Willie Nelson 's Official Website
2000 albums
Willie Nelson albums
Island Records albums
In mathematics and numerical analysis , the van Wijngaarden transformation is a variant on the Euler transform used to accelerate the convergence of an alternating series .
One algorithm to compute Euler 's transform runs as follows : Compute a row of partial sums and form rows of averages between neighbors The first column then contains the partial sums of the Euler transform .
Adriaan van Wijngaarden 's contribution was to point out that it is better not to carry this procedure through to the very end , but to stop two-thirds of the way . If are available , then is almost always a better approximation to the sum than . In many cases the diagonal terms do not converge in one cycle so process of averaging is to be repeated with diagonal terms by bringing them in a row . ( For example , this will be needed in a geometric series with ratio . ) This process of successive averaging of the average of partial sum can be replaced by using the formula to calculate the diagonal term .
For a simple-but-concrete example , recall the Leibniz formula for pi The algorithm described above produces the following table :
These correspond to the following algorithmic outputs :
References
See also
Euler summation
Mathematical series
Numerical analysis
Weishui may refer to the following locations in China :
Weishui , Hebei ( 微水镇 ) , town in Jingxing County
Weishui , Hubei ( 洈水镇 ) , town in Songzi
Wei River , known in history as Weishui ( 渭水 ; `` Wei Water '' )
Wei River ( Xiang River ) ( 沩水河 ) , a tributary of the Xiang River
Colin Jillings ( born 11 March 1931 , in Auckland ) was a leading trainer in thoroughbred horse racing in New Zealand from the early 1950s through until his retirement in September 2005 .
Jillings was inducted into the New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame in 2008 .
Early career
An `` Ellerslie boy '' , Colin Jillings became an apprentice jockey at the age of 12 ( 1943 ) . He would catch the train to school St Peter 's College , Auckland each day after earlier riding trackwork at the Ellerslie Racecourse .
He was a successful apprentice jockey before increasing weight brought a premature end to a promising career . His biggest success as an apprentice was the 1946 Railway Stakes aboard Royal Scot , ( a race he would later win 3 times as a trainer ) .
Career Highlights
When he retired he had amassed a total of 1327 NZ winners , 703 of those with long time training partner Richard Yuill .
When asked to name the best horse he ever trained Jillings had no hesitation in labelling Stipulate , the champion stayer of his era in the early 1960s . The fact that he had no hesitation in labelling Stipulate speaks volumes for the regard Jillings had for the horse given that he also trained the super little horse of the early 1980 's - McGinty .
Jillings the biggest success came when he trained The Phantom Chance to win the 1993 W. S. Cox Plate . Although operating with a smaller team , than most other trainers , Jillings managed to keep producing top horses year after year .
He trained the first of 4 Auckland Cup winners in 1956 Yemen , followed by Stipulate ( 1963 ) , Perhaps ( 1976 ) and Irish Chance ( in partnership with Richard Yuill ) in 1999 . He also achieved the unique record of training a Derby winner in each of the last 5 decades of the 20th Century : his first Derby winner being Lawful ( 1958 ) followed by Stipulate ( 1960 ) , Uncle Remus ( 1977 ) , I 'm Henry ( 1983 ) and The Phantom Chance ( 1992 ) .
Notable horses
Notable horses he trained included :
Athenia , winner of the New Zealand Oaks for his good friend T.J. ( Tommy ) Smith .
Beauzami , winner of the New Zealand Cup .
Diamond Lover , winner of the 1987 Railway Stakes .
Gay Filou , winner of the Wellington Cup .
I 'm Henry , winner of the New Zealand Derby , Avondale Guineas , Great Northern Guineas , Wellington Derby and Waikato Guineas in the 1983/84 season .
Irish Chance , winner of the 1999 Auckland Cup .
McGinty , winner of the Air New Zealand Stakes ( twice ) , Rawson Stakes , Canterbury Guineas , Caulfield Stakes and George Adams Handicap .
Old Son , winner of the Ellerslie Sires Produce Stakes for himself and his good friend , Pukekohe market gardener , Pabu Daya .
Perhaps , winner of the 1976 Auckland Cup .
Pipe Dream , winner of the 1962 Railway Stakes .
Sharivari , winner of the 1971 Railway Stakes .
Stipulate .
Sugaratariat , winner of the Ellerslie Sires Produce Stake .
The Phantom Chance , winner of the New Zealand Derby and Cox Plate .
Tycoon Lil , winner of the 1997 New Zealand 1000 Guineas , 1998 New Zealand Oaks & Canterbury Guineas . Also 2nd and 3rd behind Might And Power in the 1998 Yalumba Stakes and Cox Plate .
Uncle Remus .
Yeman , winner of the Auckland Cup and Wellington Cup .
Jumping
In his earlier years from limited runners , he was also a noted trainer of jumpers , winning 1959 Grand National Hurdles with Armed ( owned by himself ) ; the 1971 Great Northern Hurdles/Steeples double , and 1972 Great Northern Steeplechase , with Brockton ( for great friend , Wellington businessman , Doug Tse ) and the 1987 Great Northern Steeples with DeductAble , in partnership with Richard Yuill ( with both sharing the ownership ) .
Apprentices
Jillings was also a noted mentor of apprentices , the best being his long time stable jockey Bob Vance who was the rider of :
McGinty .
3 New Zealand Derby winners for Jillings : Uncle Remus , I 'm Henry and The Phantom Chance . He also won the Derby with Isle Of Man for Davina Waddell .
The Phantom Chance in the Cox Plate .
Vance won the NZ Jockeys Premiership , as an apprentice ( 1977/78 ) and had a successful career riding internationally in Hong Kong and Macau .
Other apprentices for Jillings were :
Samantha Spratt : one of NZ 's most successful female riders .
Mark Sweeney : 3 Auckland Cup wins .
Daniel Southworth : winner of the New Zealand 1000 Guineas and Railway Stakes .
See also
Thoroughbred racing in New Zealand
References
Sources
1931 births
Living people
New Zealand jockeys
New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame inductees
People educated at St Peter 's College , Auckland
Sportspeople from Auckland
Rahila Hameed Khan Durrani ( ) is a Pakistani lawyer and politician . She was elected as the first ever female Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan on 24 December 2015 . Ms. Durrani is an exceptional humanitarian , a visionary philanthropist and a legendary voice raiser for women rights in Balochistan . She has served as the first member ( from Balochistan ) of National Commission on Status of Women ( 1999 ) and has worked a lot for the cause of women . She is a journalist , social activist , lawyer , sports woman . She was awarded Tamgha-i-Imtiaz . ( TI ) by the Government of Pakistan .
Early life
Durrani was born in Quetta in 1968 . She received her M.A and L.L.B from the University of Balochistan . She was appointed as a member of the Balochistan Assembly on a seat reserved for women as a member of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) party , and re-appointed in 2008 and 2013 . She became Balochistan 's Minister for Prosecution in her second term . She is a patron of Chiltan Adventurers Association Balochistan and the Pakistan Canoe and Kayak Federation She is Balochistan 's first female athlete medal winner in canoeing sports on National level .
See also
List of members of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan ( 2013–2018 )
References
External links
Provincial Assembly Speaker profile
Living people
Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) politicians
Pakistani lawyers
People from Quetta
University of Balochistan alumni
1968 births
Balochistan MPAs 2013–2018
Women members of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan
Women legislative speakers
Speakers of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
John Chalfant New ( July 6 , 1831 – June 4 , 1906 ) was a United States banker and lawyer who held a variety of government positions . He was Treasurer of the United States from 1875 to 1876 .
Biography
John C. New was born on July 6 , 1831 in Vernon , Indiana . His father was John Bowman New , son of Jethro New , and his mother was Mariah ( Chalfant ) New . His uncle was Robert A . New . His brother was Jeptha D. New . He was educated at Bethany College , studying law and graduating in 1851 .
After college , New worked as a banker , publisher , and lawyer . He married Melissa Beeler in 1854 ; together the two had a son , Harry Stewart New , born in 1858 .
Following the resignation of Horatio C. Newcomb from his seat in the Indiana Senate , New was elected to Newcomb 's former seat in 1863 .
His first wife died in 1867 and he remarried to Elizabeth R. McRae , and the couple had two children together . She was born in Louisiana on 4 February 1845 and died in Indianapolis on 19 February 1935 .
In 1875 , President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant nominated New to be Treasurer of the United States , and New subsequently held that office from June 30 , 1875 to July 1 , 1876 . In 1880 , John New purchased the Indianapolis Journal , and also became chairman of the Indiana Republican Party . In this position he gathered enough power to be called the `` boss of Indiana Republican politics . ''
As the leader of the Indiana delegation to the Republican National Convention held in Chicago in June 1880 , New led the Indiana delegation in casting 26 of Indiana 's 30 delegate votes for James G. Blaine . However , Blaine did not win the nomination on the first ballot at the Chicago Convention . Nor did Blaine or anyone else gathers enough delegates to win the nomination for the thirty-three ballots as the convention dragged on in search of a nominee . Finally , on the 34th ballot , Wisconsin cast 16 delegate votes in favor of James A. Garfield , a `` dark horse '' candidate . Immediately , on the 35th ballot , James New and future President Benjamin Harrison brought 27 of the 30 Indiana delegates over to Garfield , starting a stampede at the convention that ended in the nomination of James A. Garfield as the Republican nominee for President .
In 1882 , John New was again elected chairman of the Indiana Republican Party . He continued to serve in this position until he was appointed the First Assistant Secretary of the Treasury , a position he held from 1882 to 1883 . New also served as U.S. consul general in London from 1889 to 1893 .
New died in Indianapolis on June 4 , 1906 .
Notes
References
Biographical History of Eminent and Self-Made Men of the State of Indiana . Volume II . ( Ohio : Western Biographical Publishing Company , 1880 ) , pp . 269–270 .
Dunn , Jacob Piatt , ed . Indiana and Indianans . Volume I . ( Ohio : The American Historical Society , 1919 ) , p. 338 .
Shepherd , Rebecca A. , Calhoun , Charles W. , Shanahan-Shoemaker , Elizabeth , and January , Alan F. A Biographical Directory of the Indiana General Assembly . Volume I . ( Indiana : Indiana Historical Bureau , 1980 ) , p. 290 .
1831 births
1906 deaths
Treasurers of the United States
Bethany College ( West Virginia ) alumni
Indiana state senators
19th-century American diplomats
Indiana Republicans
People from Vernon , Indiana
19th-century American politicians
Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde were the defending champions , but did not participate this year .
Andrew Kratzmann and Mark Kratzmann won the title , defeating Byron Black and Grant Connell 6–4 , 6–3 in the final .
Seeds
David Adams / Byron Black ( final )
David Macpherson / Laurie Warder ( first round )
Mike Bauer / David Rikl ( quarterfinals )
N/A
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Next Generation Adelaide International
1994 ATP Tour
1994 in Australian tennis
Lalthlamuong Keivom ( 15 July 1939 – 28 November 2021 ) was an Indian diplomat , writer and composer of Mizo literature and Hmar literature . Keivom was nicknamed Zoram Khawvel Pa after his treatise Zoram Khawvel and for his contribution towards the integration of Zo people .
Career
Lalthlamuong Keivom started his career as a teacher in Manipur in 1963 , he later joined Sielmat Christian College , Lamka ( 1966–67 ) after which he was with the Indian Revenue Service from 1967 to 1970 . In 1970 he joined the Indian Foreign Service . During his service period as an IFS Officer he was posted in different countries : Nairobi , Kenya ( 1976–80 ) ; Jeddah , Saudi Arabia ( 1980–83 ) ; Wellington , New Zealand ( 1983–85 ) ; Rangoon , Burma ( 1986–90 ) ; Milan , Italy ( 1990–93 ) ; Male , Maldives ( 1994–97 ) . Towards the end of his diplomatic career he was posted to Delhi ( 1997–2002 ) and retired in 2002 and engaged in literature till his death .
Awards
Book of the Year Award 1991 ( Zoram Khawvel ) , Mizo Academy of Letters
Zosapthara Award , Mizo Literary Association , 1998
Zofa Global Award at Zofa Global Unity Festival , Zokhawthar , Indo-Myanmar Border , Mizoram by Zofa Global Network , 2014
ZOFEST Award by Mizo Zirlai Pawl General Headquarters , 2014
Publications
L. Keivom has written and published more than 20 books in Hmar :
Thralai Hlabu ( 1963 ) ;
Hmar Hla Suina ( 1980 ) ;
Zangkhaw Bungbu ( 2000 ) ;
Nun Ram , Ka Nun ( 2001 ) ;
Baibul ( Hmar ) -Holy Bible , Delhi Version ( 2007 )
Rabindranath Tagore 's Nobel Prize winning work
The Gitanjali ( translated in 1974 and now in the press ) .
In Mizo :
Zoram Khawvel 1–8 , Bawktlang Thawnthu
Thuthlung Ram
Pherzawl Titi
L.KeivomThukhawchang 1–2
See also
Mizo literature
References
External links
1939 births
2021 deaths
Indian diplomats
Mizo people
Indian male writers
In multivariate analysis , canonical correspondence analysis ( CCA ) is an ordination technique that determines axes from the response data as a linear combination of measured predictors . CCA is commonly used in ecology in order to extract gradients that drive the composition of ecological communities . CCA extends Correspondence Analysis ( CA ) with regression , in order to incorporate predictor variables .
History
CCA was developed in 1986 by Cajo ter Braak and implemented in the program CANOCO , an extension of DECORANA . To date , CCA is one of the most popular multivariate methods in ecology , despite the availability of contemporary alternatives . CCA was originally derived and implemented using an algorithm of weighted averaging , though Legendre & Legendre ( 1998 ) derived an alternative algorithm .
Assumptions
The requirements of a CCA are that the samples are random and independent . Also , the data are categorical and that the independent variables are consistent within the sample site and error-free . The original publication states the need for equal species tolerances , equal species maxima , and equispaced or uniformly distributed species optima and site scores .
See also
Canonical correlation analysis ( CANCOR )
References
Dimension reduction
Domalguda is a locality in Hyderabad , India . It lies along the southern part of Hussain Sagar , just south of Indira Park . Hindu religious monastic order Ramakrishna Math and Andhra Vidyalaya College occupy nearly half of the neighborhood . The Nizam ( Bharat ) Scouts and Guides is also located in Domalguda . There are currently 2 Nexon EVs present in Domalguda , and one ZS EV .
Connectivity
Domalguda is well connected to most parts of Hyderabad by the Telangana State Road Transport Corporation . The neighborhood can also be accessed by Hyderabad 's suburban railway system . The closest railway station to Domalguda is at Lakdikapul .
References
Neighbourhoods in Hyderabad , India
Jordan Vineyard & Winery is a family-owned California winery located in Alexander Valley AVA in Sonoma County . Jordan produces Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon and Russian River Valley Chardonnay .
History
Jordan Vineyard & Winery was founded in 1972 by Tom and Sally Jordan , who first purchased land in 1972 with the dream of planting a vineyard . The Jordan chateau , which overlooks nearly 1,200 acres of hills and vineyards with three quarters of the land dedicated to natural habitat , was designed by the architecture firm Backen , Arrigoni & Ross and was completed in 1976 just before the first vintage of Jordan was harvested .
Jordan 's current winemaker is Maggie Kruse . Its winemaker emeritus , Rob Davis , is considered the longest-tenured winemaker in Sonoma County , working at Jordan from 1976 until his retirement in 2019 . Davis was hired and mentored by winemaker André Tchelistcheff , who served as consulting enologist for Jordan . Jordan is one of the few wineries that makes only two wines—a Russian River Valley Chardonnay and an Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon . The house style is considered more French than Californian with balance and elegance with lower alcohol and silky tannins .
Today , the winery is owned and operated by Tom and Sally Jordan 's son , John . John Jordan 's older sister Judy Jordan owned J Vineyards until 2015 .
Jordan is known for its emphasis on sustainability and social responsibility . Most of the Jordan Estate is preserved habitat for wildlife and native trees . The winery is certified sustainable and runs on solar power , and all estate and grower vineyards are Sonoma Sustainable . Funds from the winery are used by The John Jordan Foundation , created in 2012 to fight the effective effects of poverty .
In September 2013 , the 1,200-acre Jordan Estate became open to the public to explore for the first time in its history through an Estate Tour & Tasting experience .
References
External links
Wineries in Sonoma County
Healdsburg , California
1972 establishments in California
Géza Toldi ( 11 February 1909 – 16 August 1985 ) was a Hungarian footballer . He played for Ferencvárosi TC , and from 1934 to 1938 for the Hungarian national team , serving as captain in 1936 . He scored a goal in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Club career
He grew up in the railway houses of Avar Street in Buda , Németvölgy . He began playing football in his place of residence , featuring for one of the local teams , ITE , in the fourth division of the youth championship , and he was pivotal in helping the club climb one division at a time almost every year , and in 1928 they also won the first division championship .
In 1928 , he was noticed at the youth federation 's Christmas round-robin tournament . He received offers from several teams , including Oradea and Ferencvárosi , and in the end , he chose the latter , staying with them for more than a decade , until 1939 , and again from 1942 to 1943 . He played in a total of 324 Nemzeti Bajnokság I match , scoring 270 goals .
In 1939 , Ferencvárosi lost 1-3 at the home of Bologna . In the second leg , the player , who was already considered `` old , '' was added to the team due to injury . Ferencváros won 4-1 , and the goals were all scored by Géza Toldi .
International career
Between 1929 and 1940 , he earned 46 caps for Hungary and scored a total of 25 goals . The highlight of his international career came in the 1936-38 edition , where he scored 5 goals , a tally that includes a hat-tricks against Austria in a 5-3 win on 27 September 1936 . With 10 goals in the Central European Cup , he is among the top goal scorers in the competition 's history . Toldi was also part of the Hungary team that played in two World Cups in the 1930s , in 1934 and in 1938 , helping his nation reach the final of the latter , which they lost 2-4 to Italy .
Managerial career
Between 1950 and 1954 he coached Danish top-flight side Odense Boldklub , before he became head coach for AGF Aarhus from 1954 to 1956 , where he became the first coach to win the Danish double and in his first season in 1954–55 , which also was the first championship and Danish Cup tournament AGF had won . He went on to win his second Danish Championship with AGF in 1955–56 , then took over as head coach for the Belgium national football team , the `` Red Devils '' , for six games from 27 October 1957 to 26 May 1958 . He was succeeded by Constant Vanden Stock .
Thereafter , he became coach of the Belgian first division team K. Berchem Sport in 1958–59 and 1959–60 , before he once again returned to Denmark to coach AGF Aarhus from 1960 to 1964 , winning the double in 1960 and thus becoming the most successful coach in the club 's very long history . He also coached B 1909 .
International goals
Hungary score listed first , score column indicates score after each Sárosi goal .
Honours
Player
Club
Ferencváros
Hungarian National Championship ( 4 ) : 1928 , 1932 , 1934 , 1938
Hungarian Cup ( 4 ) : 1928 , 1933 , 1935 , 1943
Mitropa Cup ( 1 ) : 1937
International
Hungary
FIFA World Cup runner-up : 1938
Central European International Cup third place : 1931–32 , 1933–35
Individual
Nemzeti Bajnokság I : Top scorer 1933–34 with 27 goals
References
1909 births
1985 deaths
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian football managers
Hungarian footballers
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Hungary international footballers
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Hungarian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Belgium
Expatriate football managers in Denmark
Expatriate football managers in Egypt
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Vaasan Palloseura managers
Odense Boldklub managers
Aarhus Gymnastikforening managers
Zamalek SC managers
Belgium national football team managers
K. Berchem Sport managers
Boldklubben 1909 managers
Association football forwards
Mohamed Saadaoui ( born 11 May 1995 ) is a Tunisian freestyle wrestler . He competed in the 86 kg division at the 2016 Summer Olympics , but was eliminated in the first bout . He took up wrestling in 2005 .
He qualified at the 2021 African & Oceania Wrestling Olympic Qualification Tournament to represent Tunisia at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
He won the bronze medal in the 97 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran , Algeria .
References
External links
Olympic wrestlers of Tunisia
1995 births
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
African Games silver medalists for Tunisia
African Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
African Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Tunisia
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
20th-century Tunisian people
21st-century Tunisian people
Tunisian male sport wrestlers
Lithium imide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula . This white solid can be formed by a reaction between lithium amide and lithium hydride .
LiNH2 + LiH → Li2NH + H2
The product is light-sensitive and can undergo disproportionation to form lithium nitride , which is characteristically red .
2 Li2NH → LiNH2 + Li3N
Lithium imide is thought to have a simple face-centered cubic structure with a Fmm space group ; with N-H bond distances of 0.82 ( 6 ) Å and a H–N–H bond angle of 109.5° , giving it a similar structure to lithium amide .
Lithium imide is strongly basic and deprotonates even some extremely weak acids such as methane and ammonia , due to the very localized negative charge on the nitrogen , which carries two formal charges . It has uses in organic and organometallic chemistry . It has been investigated as a material for hydrogen storage .
References
Inorganic imides
Lithium compounds
Nitrogen ( −III ) compounds
Hydrogen compounds
Robert Ogden Tyler ( December 31 , 1831 – December 1 , 1874 ) was an American soldier who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War . He was commander of the Artillery Reserve of the Army of the Potomac at the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863 , where his artillery batteries played an important role in the Union victory . Tyler also led a division of heavy artillery turned infantry during the Overland Campaign of 1864 . He was severely wounded at the Battle of Cold Harbor and relegated to administrative duties for the remainder of the war .
Early life and education
Tyler was born in Hunter , New York , to Frederick and Sophia ( née Sharp ) Tyler . He moved with his family to Hartford , Connecticut when he was 7 years old . He was a nephew of Daniel Tyler , who also served as a general in the Civil War . He received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point , New York , and graduated 22nd of 52 cadets in the Class of 1853 .
Military career
Early career
He received a brevet appointment as a second lieutenant and was assigned to the artillery . In the Spring of 1854 , he served under Colonel Edward Steptoe and was stationed at the Presidio in San Francisco , California . In 1855 , he was stationed at Fort Vancouver and Fort Dalles where he fought in the Yakima War . He was promoted to First Lieutenant on September 1 , 1855 .
Tyler served as an artilleryman in the Utah Territory during the Mormon disputes and was among the U.S. Army officers who signed a petition supporting the reappointment of the controversial Mormon leader Brigham Young as governor .
In 1858 , he fought in the Coeur d'Alene War in the Battle of Four Lakes and the Battle of Spokane Plains . In 1859 , he served under Thomas W. Sherman at Fort Ridgely in Minnesota . He returned East in 1860 and served at Fort Columbus Recruiting Depot in New York until the outbreak of the Civil War .
American Civil War
During the April 1861 crisis at Fort Sumter in Charleston , South Carolina , Tyler was part of a hastily assembled relief force that tried unsuccessfully to reinforce the beleaguered garrison . He was promoted to captain on May 17 , 1861 and ordered to Alexandria , Virginia to set up supply depots for the Union forces in Virginia and Washington , D.C .. On September 17 , 1861 he was appointed colonel of the 4th Connecticut Infantry . Tyler began training the men as artillerymen , and the regiment was renamed the 1st Connecticut Heavy Artillery on January 2 , 1862 .
The regiment served in the Peninsula Campaign , and Tyler commanded the siege train of the Army of the Potomac under Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan . He received commendations for his participation in the Battle of Hanover Court House , the Battle of Gaines ' Mill and the Battle of Malvern Hill . On November 29 , 1862 , Tyler was promoted to brigadier general of volunteers and under General Ambrose Burnside was assigned command of all the artillery in the `` Center Grand Division '' of the army . He was the second officer in the artillery to hold that position , the other being Henry Jackson Hunt . His guns participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg , providing artillery support for the series of assaults on Confederate positions on the heights near Fredericksburg .
Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker assumed command of the Army of the Potomac and reorganized it , creating a formal Artillery Reserve under Tyler 's command . The reserve was expanded to five brigades and 118 guns . Tyler commanded the reserve during the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg , where many of his guns were used to help repel Confederate attacks on Union positions such as Cemetery Ridge and Cemetery Hill , as well as during Pickett 's Charge on July 3 . During the battle , he had two horses shot from under him . Tyler was disabled by sun stroke during part of the Gettysburg campaign . In the Fall of 1863 , Tyler also participated in the Bristoe and Mine Run campaigns , but played no major role .
In early 1864 , Tyler was assigned command of a division of infantry consisting entirely of heavy artillery regiments , which he led at Harris Farm in the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House , where it was attached to II Corps . He then led a brigade in 2nd Division , II Corps , at the Battle of Cold Harbor and was severely wounded by a bullet in his ankle which incapacitated him from any further field duty during the war . After a 6 month recovery , Tyler served in an administrative role in command of the District of Delaware and the Eastern Shore with his headquarters in Philadelphia .
Post-Civil War
At the close of the war , the War Department rewarded scores of officers with brevet promotions dating from March 1865 . Tyler received the brevet rank of major general of volunteers for `` great gallantry at the Battle of Cold Harbor '' . In 1866 he mustered out of volunteer service and was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the regular army , serving as deputy Quartermaster General in several locations .
Death and legacy
His wartime injuries contributed to his declining health , and Tyler died in Boston , Massachusetts , at the age of 42 . He is buried in Cedar Hill Cemetery in Hartford . Before he died , he was able to complete his autobiography , the Memoir of Brevet Major-General Robert Ogden Tyler ( Philadelphia : J.B. Lippincott , 1878 ) .
The Robert O. Tyler Post # 50 of the Grand Army of the Republic in Hartford was named in his honor .
Bibliography
Memoir of Brevet Major-General Robert Ogden Tyler , J.B. Lippincott & Co. , Philadelphia , 1878
See also
List of American Civil War generals ( Union )
Citations
References
External links
Monument to Tyler and the Artillery Reserve at Gettysburg National Military Park
Artillery Reserve marker in Frederick County , Maryland
1831 births
1874 deaths
American military personnel of the Indian Wars
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery ( Hartford , Connecticut )
Military personnel from Hartford , Connecticut
People from Greene County , New York
People of New York ( state ) in the American Civil War
People of Connecticut in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
United States Army officers
United States Military Academy alumni
Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze , north-west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
`` Notgonnachange '' is a by British pop group Swing Out Sister . It was released as the follow-up single to `` Am I the Same Girl '' . It reached number 49 on the UK Singles Chart and number 22 on the U.S . Billboard adult contemporary chart . This song was subsequently remixed by Frankie Knuckles , and the dance mix of `` Notgonnachange '' peaked at number 21 on the U.S . Hot Dance Club Play chart during the summer of 1992 .
In line with the album theme , Corinne Drewery also grew out her hair from her trademark bob which had become a visual signature for their early years .
Remixes
Notgonnachange ( CD Mini ) PHDR-111
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Album Version ) - ( 4:55 ) ( Taken from the album `` Get in Touch with Yourself '' )
`` Am I The Same Girl '' ( Bubba 's Version ) - ( 4:09 )
Notgonnachange ( CD Maxi ) SWICD 10
`` Notgonnachange '' ( O ' Duffy 7 '' Mix ) - ( 4:19 ) ( Available on the album `` Best of Swing Out Sister '' )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Dashi 1 Mix ) - ( 8:10 )
`` Alone '' - ( 11:55 )
Notgonnachange ( CD Maxi ) 866 855-2
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Album Version ) - ( 4:55 ) ( Taken from the album `` Get in Touch with Yourself '' )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Classic Song Mix ) - ( 5:35 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( O ' Duffy 7 '' Mix ) - ( 4:19 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( New Jack Swing Mix ) - ( 5:08 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( O ' Duffy 12 '' Mix ) - ( 8:09 )
Notgonnachange ( The Frankie Knuckles Remixes ) 864 049-1 , SWING 1012 Vinyl 12 ''
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Classic Club Mix ) - ( 7:23 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Classic Song Mix ) - ( 5:35 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Mix Of Drama ) - ( 6:45 )
`` Notgonnachange '' ( Dashi 1 Mix ) - ( 8:10 )
References
1992 singles
Swing Out Sister songs
Songs written by Andy Connell
Songs written by Corinne Drewery
1992 songs
Fontana Records singles
Wronowice may refer to the following places :
Wronowice , Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Wronowice , Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Wronowice , Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Hamidabad ( , also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 711 , in 201 families .
Accessibility
This village and the village of Fushenjan are situated next to each other and are accessible by car from the road 44 of Iran along with different routes from the Baghrud Road of Nishapur ( Persian : جاده باغرود نیشابور ) . They are also really close to the capital city of the county , Nishapur and a road known as the Baghrud Road is used as their main pathway to the capital city .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Anne Walker ( born May 21 , 1973 , New York City ) is an architectural historian and author in New York City .
She graduated from the Chapin School , from Middlebury College , and received a master 's degree in Historic Preservation from Columbia University . In 2000 , she joined Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City , where she has collaborated with Peter Pennoyer on several books regarding the history of twentieth-century American architecture .
Walker serves as a Fellow Emeritus of the Institute of Classical Architecture and Art .
Books
Peter Pennoyer Architects : Apartments , Townhouses , Country Houses , The Vendome Press , 2010 .
The Finest Rooms in America , Rizzoli , 2010 , with Thomas Jayne .
The Ford Plantation Architectural Pattern Book , 1999 , co-author , with Donald M. Rattner .
The Architecture of Delano & Aldrich , W. W. Norton , 2003 , co-author , with Peter Pennoyer .
The Architecture of Warren & Wetmore , W. W. Norton , 2006 , co-author , with Peter Pennoyer .
Frank M. Snyder 's Building Details , W. W. Norton , 2007 , co-author , with Peter Pennoyer , of an introduction .
The Architecture of Grosvenor Atterbury , W. W. Norton , 2009 , co-author , with Peter Pennoyer .
Awards
Winner , Victorian Society in America 's Metropolitan Chapter Annual Publication Award , 2010 .
Winner , Victorian Society in America 's Metropolitan Chapter Annual Publication Award , 2007 .
Honorable Mention , American Society of Interior Designers Educational Foundation/Joel Polsky Prize , 2003 .
References
External links
Peter Pennoyer Architects website
ICA & CA website
1973 births
Middlebury College alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Architecture , Planning and Preservation alumni
Living people
American architectural historians
American women historians
Chapin School ( Manhattan ) alumni
Historians from New York ( state )
American art historians
Women art historians
21st-century American women
The Ministry of Rural Development ( ) , abbreviated KPLB , is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for rural development , regional development , community development , Bumiputera , Orang Asli , rubber industry smallholders , land consolidation , land rehabilitation .
Organisation
Minister of Rural Development
Deputy Minister
Second Deputy Minister
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Corporate Communication Unit
Internal Audit Unit
Legal Unit
Integrity Unit
KPLB State Offices
Deputy Secretary-General ( Policy )
Strategic Planning Division
Institute for Rural Advancement
Investments and Subsidiaries Monitoring Division
Rural Community Division
Rural Entrepreneurship Development Division
Community Economy Division
Deputy Secretary-General ( Development )
Infrastructure Division
Coordination and Monitoring Division
People 's Welfare Division
Land and Regional Development Division
Technical Division
Senior Division Secretary ( Management Services )
Human Resource Management Division
Administrative and Asset Management Division
Finance Division
Procurement Division
Account Division
Information Management Division
Federal departments
Institute for Rural Advancement ( INFRA ) , or Institut Kemajuan Desa . ( Official site )
Community Development Department , or Jabatan Kemajuan Masyarakat ( KEMAS ) . ( Official site )
Department of Orang Asli Development , or Jabatan Kemajuan Orang Asli ( JAKOA ) . ( Official site )
Federal agencies
Council of Trust for the People , or Majlis Amanah Rakyat ( MARA ) . ( Official site )
Kedah Regional Development Authority , or Lembaga Kemajuan Wilayah Kedah ( KEDA ) . ( Official site )
Central Terengganu Development Authority , or Lembaga Kemajuan Terengganu Tengah ( KETENGAH ) . ( Official site )
South Kelantan Development Authority , or Lembaga Kemajuan Kelantan Selatan ( KESEDAR ) . ( Official site )
South East Johore Development Authority , or Lembaga Kemajuan Johor Tenggara ( KEJORA ) . ( Official site )
Pulau Pinang Regional Development Authority , or `` Lembaga Kemajuan Wilayah Pulau Pinang ' ( PERDA ) . ( Official site )
Key legislation
The Ministry of Rural and Regional Development is responsible for administration of several key Acts :
See also
Minister of Rural Development ( Malaysia )
References
External links
Ministry of Rural Development
Federal ministries , departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Rural development ministries
Sir Richard Hutton , the younger ( 1594 – 15 October 1645 ) was a Yorkshire landowner and Member of Parliament for Knaresborough who lost his life in the English Civil War .
Sir Richard Hutton inherited substantial estates at Goldsborough and Flaxby including the Jacobean Goldsborough Hall on the death of his father . He was the second but oldest surviving son of Sir Richard Hutton ( 1560–1639 ) , the lawyer who had defied Charles I over ship money .
He was firstly married to Anne Paulet , then to Margaret Wentworth whose brother was Thomas Wentworth , 1st Earl of Strafford , ( who was impeached by the Long Parliament and beheaded in 1641 ) . He was thirdly married to Elizabeth Jackson ( d. 1681 ) , daughter of Sir John Jackson .
Sir Richard Hutton , the younger was knighted by Charles I in 1625 and became one of the two MPs for Knaresborough during the 1620s . He was High Sheriff of Yorkshire and Governor of Knaresborough Castle when the English Civil War broke out and joined the Royalist Army as a colonel .
Sir Richard defended Knaresborough Castle for four years until Sir Thomas Fairfax attacked . He fought at the Battle of Marston Moor and was taken prisoner in 1644 though he escaped along with his friend Sir Henry Slingsby to York . York finally surrendered to Fairfax and the Scots and Hutton and Slingsby marched with their men to rejoin the Royalist army . Meanwhile , Goldsborough Hall had been occupied by Oliver Cromwell 's army and the Hall still has hooks in the attic where Cromwell 's men would have hung their hammocks . There is an account by Sir Henry Slingsby of the march from York to Otley via Knaresborough escorted by the Parliamentarian troops . According to Sir Henry , on the second day they passed Goldsborough where Edward Whalley , Cromwell 's cousin and Lieutenant Colonel , was billeted with his men . Whalley invited Sir Richard to leave the army and return with him to his house and family at Goldsborough . However Sir Richard declined saying that he was firmly attached to the Royalist cause .
Sir Richard left their escort at Otley and marched on to Skipton and into Lancashire . He was killed on 15 October 1645 at the battle of Sherburn-in-Elmet while Slingsby survived the civil war but was beheaded in 1658 .
On the death of Sir Richard , his son Richard Hutton Esq took over the estate . He was involved in a royalist plot along with his father 's friend Sir Henry Slingsby and imprisoned in Hull . His daughter Mary married Philip Wharton , son of Sir Thomas Wharton . Their daughter also called Mary married distant cousin Col Robert Byerley of Byerley Turk fame , running the Goldsborough Hall estate together .
Books
The Legacy : The Huttons of Penrith and Beetham by Barbara C Lee , publ . Titus Wilson & Son , Kendal , is a history of the Hutton family with extensive references to Sir Richard Hutton , the younger .
Without Touch of Dishonour , The Life and Death of Sir Henry Slingsby 1602-1658 by Geoffrey Ridsdill Smith , publ . The Roundwood Press , 1968 , is a biography of Sir Henry Slingsby with extracts from his diary . The diary contains numerous references to Sir Richard Hutton , the younger .
The History of the Ancient Borough of Pontefract by Benjamin Boothroyd , printed by and for the author , 1807 details Sir Richard Hutton , the younger 's involvement in the sieges of Pontefract Castle during the English Civil War and his death at the battle of Sherburn-in-Elmet .
The History of the Castle , Town and Forest of Knaresborough with Harrogate and its Medicinal Waters by Ely Hargrove , printed by Hargrove and Sons , Knaresborough , 1809 gives a brief history of the Huttons of 'Goldesburgh ' , 'Goldesburgh Hall ' and Church .
External links
Goldsborough Hall official website
1594 births
1645 deaths
Cavaliers
People from Knaresborough
High Sheriffs of Yorkshire
People killed in the English Civil War
English MPs 1621–1622
English MPs 1624–1625
English MPs 1625
English MPs 1626
English MPs 1628–1629
Nemanja Kapetanović ( ; born 3 February 1997 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Batumi of the Georgian Superliga .
Playing career
Kapetanović was born in Belgrade , Serbia , FR Yugoslavia . He started to play basketball for youth teams of Belgrade-based teams ; Crvena zvezda and Partizan .
During his professional career , Kapetanović played for Jagodina , Beovuk 72 , Mega , Dynamic , Vršac , and Tamiš .
Nationale team career
Kapetanović was a member of the Serbia U20 team that participated at the 2017 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship in Greece . Over five tournament games , he averaged 8.4 points , 1.8 rebounds and 0.6 assists per game .
References
External links
RealGM profile
ProBallers profile
Eurobasket profile
aba-liga profile
1997 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball League of Serbia players
Basketball players from Belgrade
KK Beovuk 72 players
KK Crvena zvezda youth players
KK Dynamic players
KK Jagodina players
KK Mega Basket players
KK Tamiš players
KK Vršac players
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Georgia ( country )
Serbian men 's basketball players
Shooting guards
King 's Highway 50 , commonly referred to as Highway 50 , was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario . The highway , which was decommissioned in 1998 , is still referred to as Highway 50 , though it is now made up of several county and regional roads : Peel Regional Road 50 , York Regional Road 24 and Simcoe County Road 50 . The route began in the north end corner of the former Etobicoke ( today part of Toronto ) at Highway 27 as Albion Road , and travelled northwest to Highway 89 west of the town of Alliston . En route , it passed through the villages of Bolton , Palgrave and Loretto . The road south of Bolton has become more suburban as development has encroached from the east and west ; but despite this increased urbanization , the removal of highway status , and the fact that it runs through the former Albion Township , the Albion Road name has not been extended to follow it outside Toronto .
Highway 50 was designated in 1936 , connecting the western terminus of Highway 49 with Bolton . One year later , it was extended both north and south to Highway 9 and Highway 7 , respectively . In 1962 , the route was extended south to Highway 27 in Toronto . A final extension was designated in 1976 , extending the highway north to Highway 89 . In 1997 and 1998 , the entire route was transferred to regional governments , decommissioning the designation .
Route description
Highway 50 began at Highway 27 in Etobicoke , following Albion Road in a northwesterly direction . As far as Steeles Avenue , it was maintained as a connecting link with Metropolitan Toronto , bearing little resemblance to the rural highway north of the city .
The former route of Highway 50 begins as an urban arterial road ; as the northwesternmost part of Albion Road . Unlike most other major roads in Toronto , it travels diagonally through the road grid . At Steeles , the road curves north and serves as the boundary between Brampton to the west and Vaughan to the east , in the regions of Peel and York , respectively , following an alignment that divides the concession road grids of both regional municipalities but follows neither . North of the former Highway 7 ( named Queen Street on the Brampton side ) , the road passes to the east of the former hamlet of Ebenezer and then west of the Canadian Pacific Railway Vaughan Intermodal Facility , a large rail yard . At Mayfield Road ( Peel Regional Road 14 ) , which serves as the Brampton and Caledon boundary , the route curves northwest to align to the Peel regional road grid as it turns to run entirely within that region , and enters the village of Bolton , where it is named Queen Street .
North of Bolton , the road enters a rural stretch , where it divides two golf courses and provides access to Albion Hills Conservation Area . Shortly thereafter it enters the village of Palgrave , veering to the west to avoid a pond . North of Palgrave , the road is mostly rural , surrounded by open farmland ; to the west is Palgrave Conservation Area . The road meets Highway 9 and curves northward , entering Simcoe County . It travels straight through the small hamlet of Loretto on its final leg northward . The former highway ends at Highway 89 , west of Alliston , the location of a Honda Manufacturing plant .
History
Highway 50 between Steeles Avenue and Bolton was originally part of a historic road named Indian Line , that continued the future highway 's course south of the junction of Albion Road in Claireville , prior to the southern portion of Indian Line being rerouted and subsequently subsumed into Highway 427 . It was first assumed by the Department of Highways as part of the King 's Highway network in 1936 , connecting Highway 49 with Bolton . On August 12 , 1936 , the route was designated .
One year later , on August 11 , 1937 , the route was extended north to Highway 9 . On October 6 , it was extended south to Highway 7 along the York–Peel boundary .
Highway 50 was downloaded , a process that transfers responsibility for funding and maintenance of a highway to the various jurisdictions it resided within , beginning on April 1 , 1997 . On that day , the section between Steeles Avenue and Highway 7 was transferred to the joint jurisdiction of the Regional Municipalities of York and Peel , and the connecting link agreement with the Town of Caledon through downtown Bolton repealed . The road was designated Regional Road 24 on July 10 , 1997 ,
but renumbered as Regional Road 50 on March 26 , 1998 .
York Region did not follow suit with this change , and so the road is still designated as Regional Road 24 by their Public Works Department .
The remaining section of Highway 50 north of Highway 7 was transferred to the regions of York and Peel and the County of Simcoe on January 1 , 1998 ,
decommissioning the designation entirely . A final transfer took place on August 13 , 1998 between the Town of Caledon and Region of Peel , when the former connecting link through Bolton was assumed by Peel Region .
Simcoe County has since designated its portion of the former highway as County Road 50 .
Major intersections
References
50
Roads in Brampton
The Book of Being is a novel by Ian Watson published in 1985 .
Plot summary
The Book of Being is a novel in which the heroine Yaleen dies , goes mad , and then rewrites reality .
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed The Book of Being for White Dwarf # 68 , and stated that `` The marathon effort of trilogy-writing is showing : for ages Watson 's intellectual gearshift stays in neutral , but crashes into overdrive for the forty pages of Part Three ( containing most of the plot ) . Strangely paced stuff from one of the few SF authors with a truly strange mind . ''
Reviews
Review by K. V. Bailey ( 1985 ) in Vector 126
Review by Chris Morgan ( 1985 ) in Fantasy Review , July 1985
Review by Don D'Ammassa ( 1987 ) in Science Fiction Chronicle , # 89 February 1987
References
1985 British novels
British science fiction novels
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Newrite is a system of shorthand invented by the American Scientist Walter P. Kistler . Propagated now in India by Newrite Foundation India .
This was initially introduced by The Stenographers ' Guild , Newrite has the prospective of becoming computer interfaced stenography in English .
Comment
Newrite is an advanced way to put words on paper : It is faster to write , easier to read and requires less space than traditional longhand . The written text looks neat ; words are elegant and as easy to recognize as the faces of friends and relatives . It is phonetic and does away with the complex and often erratic English spelling rules . It is precise -- a word is written as it is pronounced and pronounced as it is written .
-- Walter Kistler
External links
The Steno Trust website
The Stenographer 's Guild website
The Newrite Foundation India website
Shorthand systems
Senator Easley may refer to :
Kevin Easley ( born 1960 ) , Oklahoma State Senate
Mack Easley ( 1916–2006 ) , New Mexico State Senate
Mary Easley ( fl . 2000s–2010s ) , Oklahoma State Senate
Aïn Ben Khelil ( ) is a town and commune in Naâma Province , Algeria . It is part of the district of Mécheria and has a population of 6,270 , which gives it 7 seats in the PMA . Its postal code is 45140 and its municipal code is 4512 .
Mécheria District
Communes of Naâma Province
Jack Bruzell ( born c. 1938 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers . He won the Grey Cup with them in 1959 , 1961 and 1962 .
References
1930s births
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
Shovel Creek may refer to :
Shovel Creek ( Alaska ) , a stream in Alaska
Shovel Creek ( Snake River ) , a stream in Washington
Michael Foley is a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim , Ireland , and is a panel member of the Leitrim county team since 2002 . He has played for Leitrim at all levels , winning a Connacht Minor Football Championship in 1998 and a Connacht Junior Football Championship in 2004 .
He is a former member of the Dunkeerin club , before he transferred to Kilcock in Kildare .
He is known as an ace freetaker with his county .
References
http : //www.leitrimgaa.ie/profiles.php ? playerid=0027
http : //hoganstand.com/leitrim/ArticleForm.aspx ? ID=94268
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Irish schoolteachers
Dunkeerin Gaelic footballers
Kilcock Gaelic footballers
Leitrim inter-county Gaelic footballers
Akida was a title of indigenous rural officials in Tanganyika . At the time of the Zanzibar Sultanate , they acted as commanders of military divisions , and needed the approval of the sultan . During the German East African rule , the Germans adopted the title from pre-colonial Zanzibar-based administration , investing it with greater power . Under German rule , akidas ruled over so-called Akidate , an intermediate level of government between regional governors and minor countryside chiefs ( called jumbe ) and functioned as tax collectors , policemen , and lower judges . Their judicial role was recognized under the British colonial administration which took over from Germany following World War I .
References
History of German East Africa
On the Origin of Species published .
Copenhagen Zoo founded by Niels Kjærbølling .
Henry Baker Tristram and Osbert Salvin publishes Characters of apparently new species of Birds collected in the great Desert of the Sahara , southwards of Algeria , and Tunis in the first volume of Ibis .
Thomas Henry Huxley describes the fossil penguin Palaeeudyptes .
Jean Cabanis and Ferdinand Heine publish
Emile Blanchard Recherches sur les caractères ostéologiques des oiseaux appliqués à la classification naturelle de ces animaux Annales des Sciences Naturelles. , t. XI , 1859 online BHL
Birds described in 1859 include one-colored becard , rufous-fronted wood quail , Tristram 's warbler , chestnut-crowned foliage-gleaner , and yellow-bellied warbler .
Foundation of Museum of Comparative Zoology .
The Ibis commences
Expeditions
1857–1860 SMS Novara Ornithology directed by Johann Zelebor .
Ongoing events
John Gould The birds of Australia ; Supplement 1851–69 . 1 vol . 81 plates ; Artists : J. Gould and H. C. Richter ; Lithographer : H. C. Richter
John Gould The birds of Asia ; 1850-83 7 vols . 530 plates , Artists : J. Gould , H. C. Richter , W. Hart and J. Wolf ; Lithographers : H. C. Richter and W. Hart
References
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
Michael Derrell Miles Jr. ( born August 24 , 2002 ) is an American college basketball player for the TCU Horned Frogs of the Big 12 Conference .
Early life and high school career
Miles grew up playing basketball for the Texas Titans on the Amateur Athletic Union ( AAU ) circuit alongside Cade Cunningham . When Miles was in fourth grade , his AAU highlight videos drew national attention ; Yahoo Sports labeled him `` the elementary school Allen Iverson . '' He attended Lancaster High School in Lancaster , Texas . As a junior , he averaged 18 points , 4.5 assists and 2.3 steals per game , leading his team to a 31–3 record . As a senior , Miles averaged 21.4 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals per game , leading his team to a 36–1 record . He was named SportsDayHS All-Area Player of the Year by The Dallas Morning News , as well as Class 5A Player of the Year . Miles committed to playing college basketball for TCU over offers from LSU , Oregon and Oklahoma State , among other programs .
College career
On January 30 , 2021 , Miles recorded a freshman season-high 28 points and five assists in a 102–98 overtime loss to Missouri . As a freshman , he averaged 13.6 points , 3.5 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game . Miles was named to the Big 12 All-Freshman Team and earned All-Big 12 honorable mention . As a sophomore , he averaged 15.4 points , 3.8 assists and 3.5 rebounds per game . He was named to the Second Team All-Big 12 as a sophomore . On March 30 , 2022 , Miles declared for the 2022 NBA draft , forgoing his remaining college eligibility . However , he later clarified that he did not hire an agent and is maintaining his college eligibility . On April 11 , Miles withdrew from the draft and announced he would return to TCU for his junior season .
National team career
Miles represented the United States at the 2021 FIBA Under-19 World Cup in Latvia . He averaged 9.1 points , 3.9 assists and 3.3 rebounds per game , helping his team win the gold medal .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | TCU
| 25 || 21 || 32.9 || .413 || .360 || .827 || 3.5 || 3.1 || 1.0 || .2 || 13.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2021–22
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | TCU
| 31 || 31 || 33.4 || .382 || .295 || .759 || 3.5 || 3.8 || 1.2 || .2 || 15.4
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 56 || 52 || 33.2 || .394 || .323 || .782 || 3.5 || 3.5 || 1.1 || .2 || 14.6
References
External links
TCU Horned Frogs bio
USA Basketball bio
2002 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Texas
People from Lancaster , Texas
Point guards
Sportspeople from the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
TCU Horned Frogs men 's basketball players
Golda Selzer ( 1910–1999 ) was an academic and pathologist at Groote Schuur Hospital , and co-founder of SHAWCO . Selzer published extensively with over 50 articles of which more than 15 were on poliomyelitis .
Early life
Golda Selzer was born in Brandfort in the Orange Free State in 1910 .
She received her MBChB from the University of Cape Town in 1932 . Golda was acting superintendent at the City Hospital in Infectious Diseases in 1934 and subsequently joined the Pathology Department at the Medical School of the University of Cape Town at Groote Schuur Hospital .
The South African Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) created the Virus Research Unit in the Department of Pathology in 1948 under Professor Van den Ende and Selzer was part of this very dynamic team . Selzer and Prof Alfred Polson were one of the first researchers to grow the polio virus in tissue culture and describe its physical and antigenic properties . She also developed a mouse model to understand the development of paralytic polio . Selzer was the first person to grow the Rubella virus from an aborted foetus from a mother who had been infected with Rubella . This was a key link in understanding the genesis of congenital heart defects associated with children born from mothers infected with this virus .
In 1971 , she went to work in the Pathology Department of the Tel Hashomer Hospital in Israel .
References
South African pathologists
1910 births
1999 deaths
Smolinski or Smoliński ( feminine : Smolińska ; plural : Smolińscy ) is a Polish surname . It may refer to :
Aaron Smolinski , Canadian actor
Bryan Smolinski ( born 1971 ) , American ice hockey player
Jake Smolinski ( born 1989 ) , American baseball player
Kacper Smoliński ( born 2001 ) , Polish footballer
Marcin Smoliński ( born 1985 ) , Polish footballer
Martin Smolinski ( born 1984 ) , German motorcycle rider
Mark Smolinski ( born 1939 ) , American football player
Rafał Smoliński ( born 1977 ) , Polish rower
Włodzimierz Smoliński ( born 1938 ) , Polish wrestler
Zdzisław Smoliński ( 1942–1993 ) , Polish athlete
See also
Polish-language surnames
The Warren Motor Car Company Building , also known as Lincoln Motor Car Company Building , is a factory located at 1331 Holden Street in Detroit , Michigan . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2020 .
History
Warren Motor Car Company
In the first decade of the 20th century , Detroit was booming with new industry , in particular new automotive companies . One of these was the Warren Motor Car Company , founded in 1909 by real estate magnate Homer Warren . The company occupied a building along Michigan Avenue on the west side of Detroit , and produced 1000 vehicles in its first year . In 1910 , Warren purchased this plot of land on Holden from the Detroit Column & Manufacturing Company . Detroit Column had already constructed a partially completed ( but never utilized ) structure on the site . Warren hired the Detroit architectural firm of Rogers and MacFarlane to design a series of building to fill the site . These buildings were constructed and occupied in 1910 .
The 1910s
The Warren Motor Car Company had some early success , but never capitalized on it . They changed vehicle lineups every year , and their relatively expensive vehicles saw declining sales . Warren was reorganized in 1912 , and by 1913 the company was bankrupt . The Holden factory was sold at auction to William C. Rands of Rands Manufacturing Company , an automotive supplier . In 1916 Rands merged with four other companies to form the Motor Products company . Needing more space , Motor Products cut a deal with the financially troubled Lozier Motor Company to swap factory space , and Motor Products moved into the former Lozier factory on Mack , while Lozier took over the Holden factory .
Lozier lasted less than a year in their new space , and in 1917 Henry M. Leland purchased the property to house his newly formed Lincoln Motor Company . Leland immediately tooled up to build Liberty engines for WWI fighter planes at the plant and constructed an additional building at the site . However , The Holden property quickly proved too small , and by early 1918 most of the production was moved to the completely new Lincoln Motor Company Plant , leaving a small machining operation at the Holden plant .
Later history
After the end of WWI , Lincoln struggled , and eventually went into receivership in late 1921 . Henry Ford purchased the company in 1922 . By 1923 , the Holden plant had been retrofitted to produce Model Ts . Manufacturing of Model Ts at the Holden plant likely continued through 1927 , although the exact date is uncertain . The building was next occupied by Dietrich Inc. , and then a series of companies all owned by Dallas E. Winslow , including another automotive company and two refrigerator companies .
Beginning in 1946 , the grocery firm of Grosse Pointe Quality Foods was operating out of the Holden plant . This firm remained at the site until at least 1977 . Another grocery firm , Metro Groceries , Inc. , used the facility in the 1980s . In 1997 , Matt Naimi purchased the building from his family . In 2007 , Naimi started Recycle Here , a recycling center and events space . The building grounds also hosted the Lincoln Street Art Park . In 2020 , work in the building started on Dreamtroit , a $ 20-million development . The plan is to turn the building into a mixed-use housing development .
Description
The Warren Motor Car Company Building occupies a triangular site encompassing 4.67 acres , and bounded by Holden Street , Lincoln Street , and the Grand Trunk Western Railroad tracks . The building developed as a series of additions in an array of contrasting building materials and architectural styles . Five of the sections making up the building are historically significant : the office building , the original factory , and three of the factory additions . These buildings were all constructed in the 1910 - 1917 time frame . Six additional smaller additions are also on the site , all constructed in the 1950s - 1970s for the grocery warehouse firms that used the building .
The earlier buildings are typically of heavy timber and load bearing masonry construction , save a 1917 building which is constructed of cast-in-place reinforced concrete . The later additions are steel-framed , sitting on reinforced concrete slabs with non-load-bearing masonry exterior walls .
Office Building
The office building , designed by Rogers and MacFarlane , was constructed in 1910 . It is a two-story Commercial style building constructed with a timber frame and load-bearing wall of dark red brick and cast stone accents . The front façade is five bays wide , with a main entry in the center in the middle bay . The entry is flanked by two windows on each side , with red brick piers separating the bays . Within the piers , raised brick rectangles designed to resemble quoins are laid between the windows . The window openings have a cast stone sill . A stepped brick cornice is between the first and second floors , and the second floor is divided into five bays of windows corresponding to the bays below .
Each window bay contains three double-hung windows with a horizontal transom above . On the second floor , recessed cast stone panels are set in the piers between the windows , as well as above . A brick parapet wall capped with brown terra cotta coping is above the second floor . A cornice and a brick frieze containing a diamond-shaped raised brick decorative designs are above .
Building 2 ( Factory )
Building 2 is the first manufacturing plant , and was also designed by Rogers and MacFarlane and constructed in about 1910 . The building is a two-story structure , rectangular in shape , measuring about 159 feet by 60 feet . It has a flat roof . It has a timber frame construction and brick load-bearing walls . It adjoins the office building on one end , and Building 3 on the other .
The window arrangement is different on each story . The window openings on the first story are intended to single double-hung windows . The openings on the second story are larger , and are intended to house multi-paned steel factory windows . The second-sory opening have cast stone sills .
Building 3 ( Factory )
Building 3 is directly connected to Building 2 , and is of similar construction and age . It also is a two-story , flat-roofed structure with a timber frame and brick load-bearing walls . It measures about 118 feet by 60 feet . The building has varying sizes of window openings on the first and second floor . The building connects directly to one end of Building 2 , with the other end connecting to Building 4 .
Building 4 ( Factory )
Building 4 is connected to the end of Building 3 , such that The office and Buildings 2 , 3 , and 4 form a line running north and south . Building 4 was also designed by Rogers and MacFarlane , and was constructed slightly later that the previous buildings , likely in 1911 . It is also a two-story flat-roofed structure with a timber frame and brick load-bearing walls , measuring about 215 feet by 67 feet . The side is 12 window bays long , with all window openings being identical . A small windowless single-story trapezoidal addition is placed on the end .
Building 5 ( Factory )
Building 5 is a two-story reinforced concrete structure faced with brick , built in 1917 . It is attached to Building 3 , and was originally C-shaped , covering an area 153 feet by 87 feet . As of 2020 , the building is completely surrounded by later additions , and the center of the `` C '' has been infilled .
2020 Gallery
References
External links
Recycle Here !
Green Living Science
Make Art Work
Lincoln Street Art Park
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Industrial buildings completed in 1910
Linux Australia is the national , Australian Free and Open Source Software Community organisation . It was founded in 1997 and formally incorporated in New South Wales as a non-profit organisation in 1999 . Linux Australia aims to represent Australian Free and Open Source Software communities and to support and collaborate with related groups , including Linux User Groups in Australia .
History and goals
Linux Australia was co-founded by Terry Dawson and Gary Allpike . From humble beginnings the organisation was formally incorporated to provide legal support for the inaugural Conference of Australian Linux Users ( now linux.conf.au ) . Over progressive years the organisation has steadily matured in its operation and today its major activities include the successful annual linux.conf.au open source conference , a grants program that seeds and supports relevant open source projects , and regular participation in public events such as conferences and exhibitions . Public relations activities include lobbying to government and corporate entities on open source issues and comment and opinion to the media .
Office holders
The executive council is elected democratically by the organisation membership annually , and therefore changes year to year . Membership is open to anyone with an interest in furthering the goals and objectives of the organisation .
Presidents
Terry Dawson 2001
Anand Kumria 2002
Pia Smith 2003 , 2004
Jonathan Oxer 2005-2007
Stewart Smith ( Australian ) 2008 , 2009
John Ferlito 2010-2012
Joshua Hesketh 2013-2015
Hugh Blemings 2016
Kathy Reid 2017-2019
Sae Ra Germaine 2019-2021
Joel Addison 2022-
Previous committee members and details can be found on the Linux Australia website http : //linux.org.au/About/Council
Notable former committee members include Andrew `` Tridge '' Tridgell ( Samba ) , and Paul `` Rusty '' Russell ( Linux Kernel , notably Netfilter and the 2.6 modules rewrite ) , and Mary Gardiner founder of the Ada Initiative .
The Rusty Wrench award
The Rusty Wrench is an award presented annually at linux.conf.au since 2005 for service to the free software community in Australia . It is named for its first recipient , Rusty Russell .
Past recipients
2022 Dave Lane
2021 Ryan Verner
2020 Jonathan Oxer
2019 Joshua Hesketh
2017 Michael Davies and Michael Still ( joint winners )
2015 Steve Walsh
2014 Andrew Tridgell
2013 Donna Benjamin
2012 Mary Gardiner
2007 Kimberlee Weatherall
2006 Pia Waugh
2005 Rusty Russell
The Rusty Wrench award was not awarded between 2008 and 2011 . It was awarded again at linux.conf.au 2012 based on nominations from the free software and open source communities .
See also
AUUG , the Australian Unix systems User Group
Open Source Industry Australia
References
External links
Main Site http : //www.linux.org.au/
Linux Conference Australia http : //linux.conf.au/
Planet Linux Australia http : //planet.linux.org.au/
Linux Australia Mirror Project http : //mirror.linux.org.au
Linux user groups
Non-profit organisations based in New South Wales
Internet in Australia
Arthur Bramley ( 25 March 1929 – 10 January 2021 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town .
He died in January 2021 at the age of 91 .
References
1929 births
2021 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
English Football League players
English footballers
Mansfield Town F.C . players
The WCPW Lightweight Championship was a professional wrestling lightweight title in Windy City Pro Wrestling ( WCPW ) . It was a secondary title for the promotion before the creation of the WCPW League Championship in 1993 and its incorporation into the then newly created weight-class division as a legitimate lightweight title ( up to 210 lbs ) .
The inaugural champion was Mike Anthony , who defeated Trevor Blanchard in Chicago , Illinois on April 12 , 1991 to become the first WCW Lightweight Champion . V-Factor holds the record for most reigns , with two . At 755 days , Anthony 's first and only reign is the longest in the title 's history . Evan Money 's reign was the shortest in the history of the title as he lost it to The Mizfit a mere 14 days after having won the belt . Overall , there have been 25 reigns shared between 24 wrestlers , with four vacancies , and 1 deactivation .
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
List of combined reigns
Footnotes
References
External links
WindyCityProWrestling.com
Title History - Windy City Pro Wrestling
Lightweight Championship
Lightweight wrestling championships
The National Committee of the Chinese Agricultural , Forestry and Water Conservancy Workers ' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People 's Republic of China .
It is led by the Chinese Communist Party and lacks independence . According to Charter of China Trade Union , which is passed by the 17th National Congress of China Trade Unions on October 26 , 2018 , “ The China Trade Union is a mass organization of the working class led by the Communist Party of China and a voluntary union of employees . It is a bridge and link between the Communist Party of China and the masses of workers , an important social pillar of the state power , and a representative of the interests of its members and workers. ” “ The China trade unions persist in consciously accepting the leadership of the Communist Party of China , shoulder the political responsibility of uniting and guiding the workers and the masses to listen to and follow the Communist Party of China , and consolidate and expand the class basis and mass basis of the Communist Party of China 's governance . ”
References
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions ( China )
Agriculture and forestry trade unions
Agricultural organizations based in China
The Scientology movement has been present in Canada since at least the 1960s . According to the most recent available census data , there were 1,745 individuals in Canada identifying as Scientologists in 2011 . The Scientology organisation has encountered difficulties in obtaining status as a tax exempt organization , as has happened in other countries .
Locations
Scientology has a location in Toronto . In 2015 , an application for interior demolition was submitted to the city , and said it planned to renovate it into an Ideal Org . In 2013 , Scientology opened a facility in Cambridge , Ontario . In 2015 , it was reported that the Toronto property owed over $ 100,000 in property taxes . In 2017 , Scientology announced a plan to move its Canadian headquarters to Guelph , Ontario . Proximity to Toronto and Cambridge was cited as a reason . Some Guelph residents protested the plan . The facility was opened in the autumn of the year at 40 Baker Street .
Legal status as a religion
Religious scholars David G. Bromley and Douglas Cowan , writing in a 2006 publication , state that Scientology has so far failed to gain official recognition as a religion in Canada .
The Church has failed to win status as a federally registered charity for tax purposes . A November 2007 article in The Varsity , a University of Toronto student newspaper , stated that the Church of Scientology is classified as a religious non-profit organization in Canada whose ministers can perform marriages , and that Scientologist public servants are allowed to take time off work for Scientologist holidays . However , since marriage is governed in Canada by provincial law , it is unclear whether Scientology is actually accredited in any Canadian province to perform legal marriages .
Operation Snow White
`` Operation Snow White '' was the Church of Scientology 's name for a project during the 1970s to purge unfavorable records , mainly in the US , about Scientology and its founder L. Ron Hubbard .
As a result of documents stolen from public and private agencies in Canada and information on other covert activities found as evidence collected in the Operation Snow White case , investigations into the Church of Scientology in Ontario were started . This eventually resulted in a large police raid of the Church of Scientology in Toronto , 3 March to 4 March 1983 . The R. v. Church of Scientology of Toronto case began 23 April 1991 , resulting in seven members being convicted of operations against organisations including the Ontario Provincial Police , the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) , and two convictions of criminal Breach of the Public Trust against the church itself , for infiltration of the offices of the Ontario Provincial Police and the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General . The Church of Scientology was ordered to pay a $ 250,000 fine .
Hill v. Church of Scientology of Toronto
On 17 September 1984 , Morris Manning , a lawyer working for the Church , and representatives of the Church of Scientology held a press conference on the courthouse steps in Toronto . Manning read from and commented upon allegations in a notice of motion by Scientology , intending to commence criminal contempt proceedings against a Crown Attorney , Casey Hill . The motion alleged that Hill had misled a judge and had breached orders sealing certain documents belonging to Scientology in R. v. Church of Scientology of Toronto .
At the contempt proceeding where the appellants were seeking a fine or imprisonment against the defendant , the allegations against Hill were found to be untrue and without foundation . Hill launched a lawsuit for libel damages against the appellants . Both Manning and the Church were found jointly liable for general damages of C $ 300,000 and Scientology alone was found liable for aggravated damages of C $ 500,000 and punitive damages of C $ 800,000 . The judgement was affirmed in a 1994 decision by the Court of Appeal for Ontario , and again at the Supreme Court of Canada in 1995 .
See also
Religion in Canada
References
External links
Official website : Scientology churches in Canada
Scientology website
Skeptic Tank
The Queen vs. Church of Scientology case
Canada
Religion in Canada
The 2020–21 Coupe de France preliminary rounds , Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes was the qualifying competition to decide which teams from the leagues of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France took part in the main competition from the seventh round .
A total of sixteen teams qualified from the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes Preliminary Rounds . In 2019–20 , FC Limonest Saint-Didier progressed the furthest in the main competition , reaching the round of 16 , before losing to Dijon 2–1 after extra time .
Schedule
A total of 945 teams from the region entered the competition . The draw , made on 27 July 2020 , required a Preliminary Round , which took place on 30 August 2020 , and which saw 370 teams enter the competition , from the District leagues , division 2 and below . The ties for the first round on 6 September 2020 were also preassigned , which saw a further 475 teams enter , from the higher District leagues and Regional 3 . The draw for the second round was made on 3 September 2020 , and saw the entry of 48 Regional 2 teams .
The third round draw , which saw the 27 Regional 1 teams and 10 Championnat National 3 teams enter , was made on 15 September 2020 . The fourth round draw , which saw the Championnat National 2 teams enter , was made on 24 September 2020 . The fifth round draw , featuring the teams from Championnat National , was made on 8 October 2020 . The sixth round draw was made on 22 October 2020 .
Preliminary Round
These matches were played on 29 and 30 August 2020 .
First round
These matches were played on 5 and 6 September 2020 , with one postponed to 13 September .
Second round
These matches were played on 12 and 13 September 2020 , with two postponed to 16 and 20 September 2020 .
Third round
These matches were played on 19 and 20 September 2020 , with one postponed until 27 September 2020 .
Fourth round
These matches were played on 3 and 4 October 2020 .
Fifth round
These matches were played on 17 and 18 October 2020 .
Sixth round
These matches were played on 30 and 31 January 2021 .
References
Preliminary Rounds
The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County , Wyoming . The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty , a prospector from Whitehaven , England , in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine that would later be known as the Ferris-Haggerty Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore. Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors , of whom all but Ferris dropped out . The partners sold an interest to Willis George Emerson , who raised investment funding for improvements to the mine . These facilities included an engineering feat of its day by developing a aerial tramway to carry high grade copper mined at the Ferris-Haggerty Mine ( FHM ) over the Continental Divide to the smelter in Encampment . The tramway was the longest aerial tramway the world had ever seen . The mine was eventually acquired by the North American Copper Company for 123 billion . By 1904 the mine had produced $ 1.4 million in copper ore , and was sold to the Penn-Wyoming Copper Company . However , even with copper prices peaking in 1907 , the company had difficulty making a profit from the remote mine site . The company was over-capitalized and under-insured and was suffered devastating fires at the mine site in March 1906 and May 1907 which halted production . Business disputes and a fall in copper prices prevented re-opening of the mine even after it was rebuilt . Machinery was salvaged after a foreclosure in 1913 . A total of 23 million pounds of copper ore was extracted from the mine during its life .
The George Ferris Mansion in Rawlins , Wyoming was built with Ferris ' proceeds from the mine , though George Ferris was killed in a carriage accident near the mine in 1900 .
The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2 , 1973 .
The Ferris-Haggarty Mine was purchased outright by Ferris-Haggarty Mining Corporation , a Colorado corporation , 24 April 2015 . FHMC has plans underway and in process to place this very rich mineral property back into production in the very near future . Current in-ground asset valuation for its in-situ reserves and down dip potential resources are estimated at more than US $ 9 billion .
References
External links
Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Grand Encampment at Wyoming Tales and Trails
Ferris-Haggarty Mining Corporation website
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Mines in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Carbon County , Wyoming
Copper mines in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Carbon County , Wyoming
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 111 ( P. Oxy . 111 or P. Oxy . I 111 ) is an invitation to a wedding feast , written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus . The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet . The document was written in the 3rd century . Currently it is housed in the Percival Library at Clifton College in Bristol , England .
Description
The document is a formal invitation to a dinner celebrating a marriage . As in Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 110 , the name of the invited guest is not given . The measurements of the fragment are 40 by 80 mm .
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus . The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898 .
Text
Herais requests your company at dinner in celebration of the marriage of her children at her house tomorrow , the 5th , at 9 o'clock .
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 110
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 112
References
111
3rd-century manuscripts
Government High School Bogray ( Urdu : گورنمنٹ ہائی اسکول بوگرے ; abbreviated to GHS Bogray ) , is a high school for boys located in a small town Bogray , Tehsil Daska , District Sialkot , Punjab , Pakistan .
History
Initially GHS Bogray was established as Government Primary School in 1921 in British era , Middle upgraded in 1952 . It was granted High School status by Government of the Punjab in 1986 . With the efforts of school management it was converted into Model School and added few more buildings in 2011 .
Academics
The school prepares the boys for the Primary , Middle and Secondary School Examinations conducted by the District Education Board and Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Gujranwala . Students excel in each examination of the local board and have achieved distinctions in further education . After completing education from the school , many Bogrians have gone on to secure top positions in all major universities of Pakistan .
Infrastructure
The school is spread over an area of about 4 acres ( 16,187 m2 ) . It has Physics , Biology , Chemistry , Computer Labs and a Library .
Photo gallery
References
Schools in Punjab , Pakistan
Mohammad Ali Tarbiat ( ; born May 26 , 1877 — died January 17 , 1940 ) was an Iranian revolutionary , politician and reformist . He founded the Tarbiat library which was the first library in Iran . Tarbiat was a writer active in the Iranian Constitutional Revolution and a member of the National Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Tabriz ( 1931-1940 ) .
Biography
Mohammad Ali Tarbiat was born in 1877 in Nobar , near Tabriz , ( province of Azerbaijan , Iran ) into a cultured family , an ancestor was secretary to Nader Shah ( 1688-1747 ) . He predominantly studied natural sciences and medicine at Tabriz .
He taught natural sciences for two years at Dar el Fonoun in the higher education establishment ( university ) in Tabriz .
In 1904 , he married Robabeh ( sister of Hassan Taghizadeh ) from which he had four children , two sons ( Ardechir and Bahman ) , and two daughters ( Farangis and Iran ) .
Forced into exile after the dissolution of the Majlis ( parliament ) in 1908 , he moved with his family to Istanbul . He undertook many trips to European capitals , chiefly London and Berlin where his wife deceased .
At the end of World War I , he returned to Istanbul and married Hadjar , daughter of a Persian embassy employee , from which he had two sons ( Firouz and Behrouz ) .
He returns to Tabriz permanently in 1921.He was in charge of the organization of education of the Azerbaijan province , after which , he became mayor of Tabriz from 1928 to 1931 . From 1931 to 1940 he was a member of the parliament elected by Tabriz population . January 17 , 1940 he expired in Teheran .
Political activity
In the beginning years of the 1900s , together with Hassan Taghizadeh , he formed a militant group with young intellectuals aimed to modernize and westernize the country .
In 1905 , he actively participated in the constitutional revolution . The Majlis ( parliament ) was founded in 1906 ; however , the constitutional revolution did not achieve its goals and in 1908 Mozzaffaredin Shah ( Khadjar dynasty ) had the Majlis bombarded resulting in the dissolving of the parliament .
In exile from 1908 , Mohammed Ali Tarbiat continued his political activity in Istanbul and Berlin . Together with Hassan Taghizadeh and other activists he participated to the creation of Komiteh-ye IRAN ( committee of Iran ) , as well as , in the publication of the Kaveh newspaper . The paper was written in Persian and published in Berlin from 1916 to 1922 . It was a cultural and political journal , which proclaimed the necessity to carry out reforms in Iran and to preserve , the independence of Iran from foreign powers .
Under the reign of Reza Shah Pahlavi , Mohammad Ali Tarbiat was one of the founders of the Iranian democratic party ( 1930 ) .
Social activity
Together with the group created in 1900 he tried to pass on Western culture to the young . They founded the Tarbiat school and its library , with the aim of promoting science and foreign languages ( French , English and Russian ) , as well as a newspaper and a printing project . Faced with the opposition of reactionary forces , particularly from the clergy , the project was abandoned .
Back in Tabriz , the different functions he occupied permitted him to promote culture and modernization of the Azerbaijan province .
In 1921 , he created the first reading room and public library in Iran . Presently still in use , today it bears the name Tarbiat public library
He created many schools , including the highly contested high school for girls
He created the first public garden in Iran . This garden , called Golestan , is still today visited by the inhabitants of Tabriz
In 2015 a statue representing Mohammad Ali Tarbiat was erected in Tabriz
Writings
Mohammad Ali Tarbiat has written several articles in journals particularly in the journal Kaveh published in Berlin .
He has written two books :
The history of journalism in Iran
The scholars of Azerbaijan
See also
Tarbiyat street
References
People from Tabriz
1877 births
1940 deaths
Iranian revolutionaries
Iranian journalists
People of the Persian Constitutional Revolution
Deputies of Tabriz for National Consultative Assembly
Mayors of Tabriz
Democrat Party ( Persia ) politicians
Tarbiat
{ { DISPLAYTITLE : BDTH2 } }
BDTH2 ( also called BDET and BDETH2 ; trade names B9 , MetX and OSR # 1 ) is an organosulfur compound that is used as a chelation agent . It is a colourless solid . The molecule consists of two thiol groups and linked via a pair of amide groups .
Preparation
The compound was reported in about 1994 after a search for chelating agents selective for mercury . It was licensed in 2006 to CTI Science with the long-term goal of using BDTH2 to treat mercury poisoning . This compound is prepared by treating isophthaloyl dichloride with two equiv of cysteamine :
Use
Environmental remediation
BDTH2 can be used to chelate heavy metals like lead , cadmium , copper , manganese , zinc , iron , and mercury from ground water , coal tailings , gold ore , waste water of battery-recycling plants , and contaminated soil .
BDTH2 appears to bind mercury more strongly than do other chelators . The mercury-BDT complex does not break down even at high pH and in the presence of cyanides , as in waste water of gold mines . The particular stability of the mercury bond can be attributed to the linear position of the two thiols . The company Covalent Research Technologies had investigated BDTH2 for the removal of mercury from flue gas without success .
Clinical use
Animal experiments with inorganic mercury showed , that BDTH2 effectively binds mercury in the body , and the resulting mercury derivative is excreted in the feces . Experimental animals showed no signs of poisoning . It is unclear , how the BDTH2-mercury-chelate behaves in the long term . BDTH2 is lipophilic , as opposed to DMPS and DMSA and thus can cross lipid membranes including the blood-brain-barrier and enters the bone marrow . In animal experiments , the amount of mercury in brain tissue was not increased , but also not decreased ( can anyone provide a reference for the material/data/research from which this conclusion was drawn ? ) . However , there are indications that the BDTH2-mercury-compound moves into adipose tissue . It is unknown , how BDTH2 works with methyl-mercury .
BDTH2 appears to bind copper and zinc in vivo only weakly . In contrast DMPS und DMSA bind these ions more strongly . Its affinity is low for other `` hard '' ions , e.g . Ca2+ , Mg2+ , Na+ , and K+ .
Until July 2010 CTI Science sold BDTH2 under the name OSR # 1 as a nutritional supplement . Since OSR # 1 did n't fulfill criteria of a nutritional supplement , its sale was stopped under pressure of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . In January 2012 BDTH2 was designated by the European Commission as an orphan drug , which guarantees CTI Science 10 years of exclusive marketing rights . The U.S. FDA in April 2012 also designated the compound as an orphan drug .
Potential applications
Like most thiols , BDTH2 binds to mercury salts to form thiolate complexes . In principle , it could be used to remove mercury from water for industrial applications under a wide range of conditions , including the high pH and cyanide of the effluent from gold mining . In industrial use , BDTH2 is easy to make and can be used either as-is or in the form of sodium or potassium salts that are more soluble in water .
BDTH2 binds to mercury with a strong , nonpolar covalent bond within a water-insoluble organic framework . The resulting BDT–Hg precipitate is stable , and leaches mercury only under highly acidic or basic conditions . BDTH2 also binds to other elements , including arsenic , cadmium , copper , lead , and selenium . It is effective and economical for removing small traces of mercury from polluted soil , as the precipitate is inert and can be left in the soil after treatment .
Dietary supplement and controversy
BDTH2 had been marketed under the name OSR # 1 as a dietary supplement for treatment of autism . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration determined that BDTH2 is a drug rather than a supplement and issued a warning , resulting in its removal from the market . The main proponent of the compound , Dr. Boyd Haley , was chairman of the department of chemistry where research is also conducted on the utility of this compound for remediation of heavy metal pollution .
See also
Chelation therapy
References
External links
Poster : Complete Remediation of Groundwater Arsenic Using a Merloc B9 , Zerovalent Iron Filtration Column ( PDF-file ; 8,38 MB )
Benzamides
Chelating agents
Dietary supplements
Thiols
Mombasa is a 2015 Euro-style board game by Alexander Pfister . The theme is the rivalry of four trading companies in Africa . Players buy shares in the companies and expand them to their advantage , aiming to build the most valuable portfolio . Game mechanics include deck building and worker placement . Mombasa won the 2016 Deutscher Spielepreis .
Game play
The game is played on a board depicting a map of Africa and runs over seven rounds . Each player has a similar hand of cards and two bonus markers . To start a round , players simultaneously select cards to be active this turn . Players then take turns either to use active cards of one type or to place a bonus marker . Turns continue around the table until all pass .
The cards are of several types . Goods card depict 1 to 4 bananas , coffee or cotton . They are used either to purchase new cards or to advance along a company track to earn shares , cash and other bonuses . Exploration cards , also valued from 1 to 4 , add trading posts to the map , increasing a company 's share price and giving various rewards to the player . Bookkeeper cards expand a player 's library and merchant cards generate diamonds , both of which count towards the final score . Initially , each player has three slots for active cards . Collecting books and diamonds can open two further slots . Share cards appear later in the game ; they allow no action but increase the player 's score .
Bonus markers are placed on worker placement spaces on the board to claim various benefits . Majority spaces advance the player with the most valuable goods or exploration cards along a company track . Tile spaces give an extra card for the next round . Other spaces allow a player to buy or sell cards for cash , or to claim the right to play first next round .
After each round , players retrieve some of the cards they used in earlier rounds using a unique mechanic . Each active card is moved to one of several resting piles , after picking up just one of the resting piles . After seven rounds , each player values their shares , books , diamonds and cash ; the richest player wins .
Release and awards
Mombasa was developed by Austrian game designer as Afrika 1830 and won the 2011 Hippodice Spieleclub game designer competition . It was released in 2015 by and distributed by . It was awarded first place in the 2016 Deutscher Spielepreis .
References
External links
Board games introduced in 2015
Deutscher Spiele Preis winners
Board games about history
Worker placement board games
Dudley Christopher Carter ( May 6 , 1891 – April 7 , 1992 ) was an artist and woodcarver from the Pacific Northwest . His works are on display in the U.S. states of Washington , Oregon and California . There are also works of his on display in Japan and Germany .
Carter was a participant in the `` Art in Action '' program during the 1940 season of the Golden Gate International Exposition ( GGIE ) . He was also the first King County , Washington Parks and Recreation artist-in-residence when he was 96 years old .
Early life
Carter was born to a pioneer family of Scottish-descent on May 6 , 1891 , in New Westminster , Canada . His father was originally from Barbados , and his mother was from Quebec ; they came west in 1891 , shortly before Dudley was born . He was a timber cruiser and forest engineer most of his life , exploring and mapping Pacific Northwest wilderness . The chief inspiration for Carter 's art was his childhood among the Kwakiutl and Tlingit indigenous people . He moved to Washington state in 1928 .
Diego Rivera and City College of San Francisco
Carter was a participant during 1940 , in the `` Art in Action '' exhibitions during the 1939–1940 Golden Gate International Exposition ( GGIE ) on Treasure Island . During that time he became a friend of Diego Rivera , who included Carter three separate times in his mural Marriage of the Artistic Expression of the North and of the South on this Continent and once in the Pan American Unity mural . Rivera said the following about Carter :
There are three works by Carter on the City College of San Francisco Ocean Campus , The Ram ( sometimes called the Mountain Ram ) , Goddess of the Forest , and The Beast . Dudley had donated The Ram because he knew it was the school mascot and it had been part of the Golden Gate International Exposition 's Arts in Action exhibition . The Ram sculpture stood outside on the campus periodically changing locations from time to time , students would coat it in paint with campus colors red and white . Sometimes rival schools would repaint The Ram in their own school colors . By 1980 , The Ram had many layers of paint and damage and in spring of 1983 it was restored by Carter with use of a pick axe and its original , natural redwood . Currently located in the lobby of Conlan Hall , on the Ocean Campus .
The Goddess of the Forest is another redwood sculpture created during GGIE . It is very large , standing at 26 feet tall , and had a girth at the base of 21 feet . For years this piece was located at Golden Gate Park , until 1986 , when it began to show distress and decay . It was then moved to CCSF , to an indoor location awaiting restoration .
Clackamas
In 1979 , at the age of eighty-eight , Carter was commissioned to carve three large cedars for the Clackamas Town Center shopping mall , located in the southeastern part of the Portland metropolitan area in Oregon . The trees selected for the project came from Mount St. Helens six months before the volcanic eruption of 1980 that eliminated much of the forest . Carter lived in a small trailer on the shopping center 's construction site while carving the trees . In 1981 , the sculptures were moved into the central court next to a skating rink , where they remained until a major remodel of the center in 2004 . The next year they were transferred to the Columbia Gorge Interpretive Center Museum .
Influence in Washington state
When ninety-six years old , Carter became the first artist-in-residence of the King County Parks and Recreation Department .
He had a home at 7447 159th Place NE , Redmond , Washington . Located in Slough House Park , the house was named `` Haida House Studio '' .
After a brief illness the artist died in his sleep at the Slough House residence , just a month short of his 101st birthday on April 7 , 1992 . He is buried near Stave Falls , B.C . Slough House is now owned by the city of Redmond . The artist bequest included his art studio , fashioned in the manner of a native Haida dwelling , and a group of monumental wood sculptures of the sort that brought the sculptor to international prominence .
Upon his death , Congressman Rod Chandler honored Carter with remarks in the Congressional Record in 1992 .
Personal life
Carter was married to Teresa Williams Carter ( née Easthope ) in December 20 , 1919 in Vancouver , British Columbia . Together they had a daughter named Mavis Anne . Their marriage ended when Teresa Carter died on July 20 , 1975 , at age 81 in West Vancouver .
Works
Further reading
References
External links
Photographs from CCSF of Dudley C. Carter during GGIE and during The Ram restoration in 1983
American woodcarvers
1891 births
1992 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
People from Redmond , Washington
People of the New Deal arts projects
Works Progress Administration workers
Artists from Oregon
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Marc Bouwer is a South African fashion designer based in New York City .
Career
Upon winning the South African Vogue Young Designers Award , Marc Bouwer moved to New York City . Shortly after , Bouwer 's portfolio was noticed by designer Halston . Bouwer apprenticed with Halston fine tuning his design skills , particularly draping . Bouwer 's `` cut '' and modern use of stretch fabrics , such as jersey and spandex , in evening wear coined the term `` bathing suit gown '' and gave way to `` athletic glamour '' . Opening house in 1990 with business partner , Paul Margolin , Marc Bouwer Couture has since graced the covers and pages of publications including Harper 's Bazaar , Cosmopolitan , Vanity Fair , Glamour , and InStyle . Actress Angelina Jolie arrived at the 2004 Academy Awards in a white satin Marc Bouwer gown , later named one of the best Oscar dresses of all time by André Leon Talley . Most recently Bouwer helped in reintroducing us to loyal client and friend , Shania Twain , designing the costumes for her Still The One Tour which opened December 1 , 2012 at Caesars Palace .
Bouwer was the first American designer to produce a virtual fashion show in response to economic struggle across the globe as well as in respect to the environment . As opposed to bringing us to Bryant Park , Bouwer took us , and his inaugural Spring/Summer 2009 collection , to the web . Not only did this new medium of fashion allow friends and clients to experience the collection if unable to physically attend a show , but it also opened the experience into the offices and homes of stylists , buyers , journalists , and fashionistas everywhere . Bouwer felt it was his `` social and environmental responsibility '' to pave way to such a movement `` minimizing impact and waste '' . Bouwer virtually presented his Fall 2010 collection , starring Candice Swanepoel , before taking the experience one step further . In February 2011 Bouwer was the first designer to present a virtual 3D fashion show with his Fall 2011 collection starring model Selita Ebanks .
Awards
Bouwer 's awards for avoiding animal products in his fashions include a PETA Humanitarian Award , and The United States Humane Societies “ Compassion in Fashion Award ” . Marc uses technology in designing , to create cruelty free fashion with high quality faux furs , garnering several PETA sponsorships .
Television appearances
References
Further reading
http : //www.wwd.com/fashion-news/a-sense-of-drama-vivienne-tam-alice-roi-carlos-miele-milly-by-michelle-smith-marc-bouwer-584305
Time ( magazine )
http : //www.people.com/people/archive/article/0 , ,20122302,00.html
External links
http : //marcbouwer.com/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110228071441/http : //www.elle.com/Runway/Ready-to-Wear/Spring-2008-Ready-to-Wear/MARC-BOUWER/MARC-BOUWER
http : //www.cfda.com/members/ ? member_id=679 & tab=a
https : //www.imdb.com/name/nm1071153/
Living people
South African fashion designers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kulagin ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Kulagina . It may refer to :
Aleksandr Kulagin ( born 1954 ) , Russian rower
Boris Kulagin ( 1924–1988 ) , Russian ice hockey player
Dmitry Kulagin ( born 1992 ) , Russian basketball player
Leonid Kulagin ( born 1940 ) , Russian actor , film director and screenwriter
Nina Kulagina ( 1926–1990 ) , Russian woman who claimed to have psychic powers
Valentina Kulagina ( 1902–1987 ) , Russian painter and graphical designer
Russian-language surnames
Roland Fischnaller ( born 19 September 1980 ) is an Italian snowboarder who is a 6-time Olympian , having competed in the 2002 , 2006 , 2010 , 2014 , 2018 , and 2022 Winter Olympics in Men 's Parallel Giant Slalom , as well as the Men 's Parallel Slalom in 2014 .
References
External links
Italian male snowboarders
Olympic snowboarders of Italy
Snowboarders at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2022 Winter Olympics
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brixen
Germanophone Italian people
Joerie `` The Shark '' Mes ( born March 16 , 1979 ) is a Dutch former welterweight kickboxer , fighting out of Mike 's Gym in Amsterdam . He is a former Dutch and European Muay Thai champion who later competed in K-1 MAX . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest combination specialists in kickboxing history . After his kickboxing career he worked as a history teacher in Amsterdam for several years . He is now a fulltime kickboxing coach at Mike 's Gym .
Biography and career
Joeri grew up in Amsterdam ( Amsterdam Noord ) . As a kid , he excelled in field hockey , as a goalie . As he felt field hockey was not for him , he tried soccer for a short while , before he got involved in kick boxing .
Titles
2005 It 's Showtime 75MAX Trophy Tilburg Pool A winner
WMTO European champion
IPMTF Dutch ( 79 kg ) champion
2000 MTBN Dutch ( 76 kg ) champion
Kickboxing record
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2009-07-13 || Loss ||align=left| Yoshihiro Sato || K-1 World MAX 2009 Final 8 , Reserve Fight || Tokyo , Japan || Ext R. Decision ( Split ) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2009-06-13 || Win ||align=left| Mohammed Medhar || Gentleman Promotions || Tilburg , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2009-05-16 || Win ||align=left| Shane Campbell || It 's Showtime 2009 Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || TKO ( Referee stoppage ) || 3 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2009-02-09 || Win ||align=left| Jan van Denderen || Fights at the Border presents : It 's Showtime 2009 || Antwerp , Belgium || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2008-11-29 || Win ||align=left| Chris Ngimbi || It 's Showtime 2008 Eindhoven || Eindhoven , Netherlands || KO ( Left hook ) || 2 || 2:08
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2008-10-01 || Win ||align=left| Takayuki Kohiruimaki || K-1 World MAX 2008 Final || Tokyo , Japan || KO ( Left hook ) || 3 || 2:59
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2008-04-26 || Loss ||align=left| Nieky Holzken || K-1 World GP 2008 in Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO ( Spinning back kick ) || 2 || 2:21
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2008-03-08 || Loss ||align=left| Kenneth van Eesvelde || Fights at the Border 6 || Lommel , Belgium || TKO ( Doctor stoppage ) || 3 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2008-02-17 || Loss ||align=left| Marco Pique || K-1 MAX Netherlands 2008 || Utrecht , Netherlands || Decision ( Ext . R ) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2007-09-23 || Win ||align=left| Imro Main || Rings `` Risky Business '' || Utrecht , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2007-06-23 || Loss ||align=left| Murat Direkci || K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || TKO ( Doctor stoppage/cut ) || 1 || 1:40
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2007-05-06 || Loss ||align=left| Andy Souwer || SLAMM `` Nederland vs Thailand III '' || Haarlem , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2007-03-24 || Win ||align=left| Jan de Keyzer || It 's Showtime Trophy 2007 || Lommel , Belgium || KO ( Left hook ) || 1 || 1:03
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2006-11-12 || Loss ||align=left| Tyrone Spong || Pride & Honor Ahoy 2006 || Rotterdam , Netherlands || TKO ( Knee strike ) || 5 || 1:12
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2006-09-23 || Loss ||align=left| Ondrej Hutnik || It 's Showtime 75MAX Trophy Final 2006 , Semi Finals || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2006-09-23 || Win ||align=left| Emil Zoraj || It 's Showtime 75MAX Trophy Final 2006 , Quarter Finals || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2006-05-13 || Win ||align=left| Ramon Dekkers || K-1 World Grand Prix 2006 in Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2006-02-12 || Win ||align=left| Ruben van den Giesen || Muay Thai Gala in Amsterdam|| Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2005-10-02 || Win ||align=left| Yücel Fidan || It 's Showtime 75MAX Trophy , 1st Round - Tilburg , Pool A Final || Tilburg , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2005-10-02 || Win ||align=left| Cedric Copra || It 's Showtime 75MAX Trophy , 1st Round - Tilburg , Pool A Semi Finals || Tilburg , Netherlands || TKO ( Referee stoppage ) || 1 || 0:40
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2005-06-12 || Win ||align=left| Rayen Simson || It 's Showtime 2005 Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2005-02-13 || Win ||align=left| Sem Braan || Muaythai in de Hoornse Vaart || Alkmaar , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2004-12-18 || Win ||align=left| Moises Baptista De Sousa || SuperLeague Netherlands 2004 || Uden , Netherlands || KO ( Left Hook ) || 1 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2004-10-10 || Win ||align=left| Vincent Vielvoye || 2Hot2Handle 17 || Rotterdam , Netherlands || TKO || ||
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2004-05-20 || Loss ||align=left| Pajonsuk || It 's Showtime 2004 Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2004-03-20 || Win ||align=left| Attila Nagy || SuperLeague Italy 2004 || Padova , Italy || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2003-12-06 || Loss ||align=left| Dmitry Shakuta || SuperLeague Netherlands 2003 || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO ( Right high kick ) || 2 || 2:19
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2003-09-27 || Win ||align=left| Roberto Cocco || SuperLeague Germany 2003 || Wuppertal , Germany || KO || 4 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2003-06-08 || Win ||align=left| Perry Ubeda || It 's Showtime 2003 Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2003-04-28 || Win ||align=left| Jindrich Velecky || Tulp Muay Thai Gala|| Amsterdam , Netherlands || TKO || 4 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2003-03-16 || Win ||align=left| Rayen Simson || Victory or Hell || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2003-02-15 || Win ||align=left| Perry Ubeda || Xena Sports `` Heaven or Hell 8 '' || Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2002-11-24 || Win ||align=left| Khalid Hanine || Xena Sports Victory Or Hell || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO ( High kick ) || 1 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2002-09-29 || Win ||align=left| Rayen Simson || It 's Showtime – As Usual / Battle Time || Haarlem , Netherlands || TKO ( Corner stoppage ) || 4 ||
|- bgcolor= '' # FFBBBB ''
| 2002-04-27 || Loss ||align=left| Şahin Yakut || Gala in Schremerhorn || Schermerhorn , Netherlands || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2002-02-12 || Win ||align=left| Donald Berner || WPKL Thaiboks Gala|| Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2001-10-21 || Win ||align=left| Habib Ben-Salah || It 's Showtime - Original || Haarlem , Netherlands || TKO ( Corner stoppage ) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2001-04-22 || Win ||align=left| Fouad Tijarti || Veni , Vidi , Vici || Veenendaal , Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2000-12-12 || Win ||align=left| Gerbrand Takens || It 's Showtime - Christmas Edition || Haarlem , Netherlands || KO ( Left body shot ) || 3 || 1:30
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2000-10-22 || Win ||align=left| Şahin Yakut || It 's Showtime - Exclusive || Haarlem , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor= '' # CCFFCC ''
| 2000-05-20 || Win ||align=left| Tommy Walraven || Thaiboxing -Thrill of the Year || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|-
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
See also
List of K-1 events
List of It 's Showtime events
List of It 's Showtime champions
List of male kickboxers
External links
Joerie Mes K-1 profile
Mike 's Gym Official site
References
Dutch male kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Dutch Muay Thai practitioners
Living people
1979 births
Sportspeople from Amsterdam
The 24th Regiment , Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War . Notable battles fought in include the Battle of Shiloh , Battle of Murfreesboro ( Stones River ) commanded by Col Hugh L. W. Bratton in Cheatham 's Division , and the Battle of Chickamauga .
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
John Brian Evans ( 9 November 1936 – 1 May 2011 ) played first-class and List A cricket for Glamorgan from 1958 to 1963 . He also played Minor Counties and List A cricket for Lincolnshire from 1965 to 1971 . He was born at Clydach , Glamorgan , Wales , and died at Grimsby , Lincolnshire , England .
References
External links
1936 births
2011 deaths
Welsh cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Graha Pena is a skyscraper building in Surabaya . It is one of the tallest buildings and is located at the south part of Surabaya . It has a height of 175 m. It is the headquarters of Jawa Pos , the most popular newspaper group in Indonesia .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Surabaya
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Skyscraper office buildings in Indonesia
The Journal of Safety Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of safety and health research . It was established in 1969 and is published jointly by Elsevier and the National Safety Council . The editor-in-chief is Thomas Planek ( National Safety Council ) . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.870 .
References
External links
Occupational safety and health journals
Elsevier academic journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1969
English-language journals
The Afterlove is the fifth studio album by the English singer James Blunt , released on 24 March 2017 through Atlantic Records . To promote the album , Blunt embarked on The Afterlove World Tour in August 2017 .
Background
On 23 January 2017 , Blunt posted a video clip on his Twitter to announce the album , with the caption `` Check out my 12 inch ... '' In the clip , Blunt appeared naked from the waist up in his bathtub , promising to show fans `` something huge '' , with the camera then panning down to him holding a 12-inch copy of the album . Blunt recorded the album between 2015 and 2016 before it was finished in early 2017 .
Critical reception
At Metacritic , which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , The Afterlove received an average score of 54 based on 4 reviews . Neil Z. Yeung from AllMusic gave the album a positive four-star review , writing : `` The Afterlove is a brave bid for contemporary relevance in 2017 , a wonderful step outside his [ Blunt 's ] comfort zone that is more memorable and exciting than much of his output this decade . '' Ludovic Hunter-Tilney from the Financial Times gave a positive three-star review and called the songs `` carefully structured '' , with `` appealing melodies , on-trend chart pop production and A-list collaborators ( including Sheeran ) [ that ] attest to Blunt 's musical staying power . ''
Richard Godwin of the London Evening Standard gave a mixed two-star review , summarising that `` [ t ] he self-deprecating singer songwriter has not lost his way with sentiment '' and that the album `` finds the former soldier renovating his balladry by means of an R'n ' B filter and a few tricks learned from his label-mate : judicious use of auto-tune , choppy guitar grooves and disarming honesty . '' Godwin also called `` Bartender '' `` catchier than the common cold . '' Rachel Aroesti of The Guardian gave a negative two-star review , calling the album `` [ s ] lightly desperate and actively risible . '' Although labelling the lyrics `` inoffensive '' , Aroesti went on to write : `` with Blunt having adopted a watered-down version of Justin Bieber 's asinine tropical house it smacks of a desire to edge on to Radio 1 playlists and into student nights incognito , but only serves to highlight how irritating the sound has become . ''
Singles
The first single from the album , `` Love Me Better '' , debuted at number 93 on the UK Singles Chart . The second single , `` Bartender '' , was released on 10 March 2017 along with an accompanying music video .
Promotional singles
`` Time of Our Lives '' was released on 14 February 2017 as a promotional single for Valentine 's Day . This was followed by the release of `` Make Me Better '' on 2 March 2017 .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2017 albums
James Blunt albums
The Coșei is a right tributary of the river Maja in Romania . It flows into the Maja in Bogdand . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
Rivers of Satu Mare County
Cricket Tasmania ( formerly the Tasmanian Cricket Association ) is the administrative body for cricket in Tasmania , Australia , and they are based at Bellerive Oval .
Cricket Tasmania 's primary purpose is to promote and develop the game of cricket in Tasmania , run junior and educational programmes and competitions and administer the Tasmanian Grade Cricket competitions .
Cricket Tasmania is also responsible for the selection and administration of Tasmania 's first class cricket team , the Tasmanian Tigers are part of the Association . They compete in the Sheffield Shield , the Australian first-class competition , and the Ford Ranger Cup , the Australian one-day competition , and the domestic Twenty20 competition .
The current president of Cricket Tasmania ( CT ) is Glenn Gillies , and the current chairman is Tony Harrison , and he presides over a board which oversees all the activities of the TCA , and cricket in Tasmania . CT has over 100 staff and is responsible for 159 cricket clubs , and over 14,000 registered players .
The Southern Tasmanian Cricket association was formed in the 1850s and was renamed as the Tasmanian Cricket Association ( TCA ) in 1906 . The TCA then began trading as Cricket Tasmania from September 2009 . Originally based at the TCA Ground on Hobart 's Queens Domain , the TCA relocated to Bellerive Oval in 1977 , and now houses modern facilities as well as the museum of Tasmanian Cricket within Cricket Tasmania headquarters at the ground .
See also
History of Women 's Cricket in Australia
Lily Poulett-Harris
References
External links
Tasmania
Cric
1906 establishments in Australia
Sports organizations established in 1906
Pen-y-garnedd is a village in the community of Pentraeth , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 130.6 miles ( 210.2 km ) from Cardiff and 210.1 miles ( 338.2 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Apollinaris the Elder or Apollinarius ( ) , was a Christian grammarian of the 4th century , first in Berytus ( now Beirut ) in Phoenicia , then in Laodicea in Syria . He was the father of Apollinaris of Laodicea .
He became a priest , and was among the staunchest upholders of the Council of Nicæa ( 325 ) and of St. Athanasius . When the Emperor Julian the Apostate forbade Christian professors to lecture or comment on the poets or philosophers of Greece ( 362 ) , Apollinaris and his son both strove to replace the literary masterpieces of antiquity by new works which should offset the threatened loss to Christians of the advantages of polite instruction and help to win respect for the Christian religion among non-Christians . According to Socrates of Constantinople ( Hist . Eccl. , II , xlvi ; III , xvi ) , the elder Apollinaris translated the Pentateuch into Greek hexameters , converted the first two books of Kings into an epic poem of twenty-four cantos , wrote tragedies modelled on Euripides , comedies after the manner of Menander , and odes imitated from Pindar . Sozomen ( Hist . Eccl. , V , xviii ; VI , xxv ) says nothing of the poetical works of the elder Apollinaris , but lays stress on those of his son . This improvised Greek literature , however , did not survive . As soon as Jovian ( 363-364 ) had revoked the edict of Julian the schools returned to the great classic writers , and only the memory of the efforts of Apollinaris survived .
References
4th-century writers
4th-century Romans
4th-century Christians
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Banihal–Baramulla DEMU is a DEMU passenger train of the Indian Railways , which runs between Banihal railway station and Baramulla railway station , having 17 halts both within Jammu and Kashmir .
Nomenclature
There are five sets of train currently being operated on daily basis . They are :
74615/74616 Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74619/74620 Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74625/74626 Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74627/74628 Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74629/74630 Banihal–Baramula DEMU
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are :
Average speed and frequency
All sets of Banihal–Baramula DEMU runs with an average speed of 48 km/h and covers 135 km in 2 hrs 50 mins . While Baramula–Banihal DEMU runs with an average speed of 41 km/h and covers 135 km in 3 hrs 20 mins . There are 5 sets of trains which run on a daily basis .
See also
Srinagar railway station
Budgam railway station
Jammu–Baramulla line
Notes
References
External links
74625/Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74626/Baramula–Banihal DEMU
74627/Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74628/Baramula–Banihal DEMU
74629/Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74630/Baramula–Banihal DEMU
74615/Banihal–Baramula DEMU
74616/Baramula–Banihal DEMU
Transport in Srinagar
Transport in Baramulla
Railway services introduced in 2008
Rail transport in Jammu and Kashmir
Diesel–electric multiple units of India
Railway services introduced in 2015
Vice Admiral Sir Anthony Knox Dymock KBE , CB , FRSA ( born 18 July 1949 ) is a senior British Royal Navy officer .
Naval career
Educated at Brighton Hove and Sussex Grammar School , University of East Anglia where he graduated in Russian and Philosophy , and the Royal Naval College Dartmouth , Dymock joined the Royal Navy in 1971 . After serving in the Falklands War and being promoted to Commander in 1985 , he became Commanding Officer of HMS Plymouth in 1985 , Deputy Commander of the UK Task Group during the Gulf War and Commanding Officer of HMS Cambeltown in 1992 . He went on to be Commanding Officer of HMS Cornwall as well as Captain of the 2nd Frigate Squadron in 1996 , Deputy Commander of Strike Force South at NATO in 2000 and Head of the British Defence Staff and Defence Attaché in Washington , D.C. in 2002 . His last appointment was as UK Military Representative to NATO from 2006 until he retired in 2008 .
He is an alumnus of Harvard 's Kennedy School Senior Executive Security Program , and has lectured on security at the National Defense University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 2005 . He is also a Member of the Nautical Institute and a Freeman of the City of London .
References
|-
1949 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Royal Navy vice admirals
British naval attachés
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Military personnel from Liverpool
Gelanor siquirres is a species of neotropical spiders from Costa Rica in the family Mimetidae .
References
Mimetidae
Spiders described in 2016
Spiders of Central America
Chai Pani is an Indian street food restaurant based in Asheville , North Carolina , and the 2022 winner of the James Beard Foundation Award for `` Outstanding Restaurant '' . It was founded in 2009 by chef Meherwan Irani and his wife Molly . They opened a second location in Decatur , Georgia in March 2013 , which first copied the original 's menu but now focuses on the cuisine of India 's Deccan Plateau , where Meherwan spent his childhood .
See also
List of Indian restaurants
References
Culture of Asheville , North Carolina
Decatur , Georgia
Indian restaurants in the United States
Indian-American culture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Indian-American culture in North Carolina
James Beard Foundation Award winners
Restaurants in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Restaurants in North Carolina
Street food in the United States
Fiji competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Funding
Some private funding supported Fijian participation at the Paralympic Games . $ 4,000 was donated to the team by the International School Suva . These funds were raised as part of a Fun Day event run by the school . Fiji Athletics received $ 5,000 in sponsorship in July 2016 . This money was shared between Olympic and Paralympic athletics .
Team
The national team coach is Fred Fatiaki .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Athletes from Fiji tried to qualify for the Rio Paralympics . One such athlete was Varayame Naikolevu . He competed at the Melanesian Athletics Championship , and an IPC Athletics event in Brisbane , Queensland in the shot put but was unable to set a qualifying mark for the Rio Games . Epeli Baleibau will represent Fiji in athletics at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in High Jump .
Men
Table tennis
A Fijian had been invited to participate in table tennis at the Rio Games . Mere Rodan qualified for Rio after defeating Australia 's number 1 ranked player . She did not use a sport specific chair in competition because she could not afford one . Table Tennis Fiji was actively trying to raise funds to acquire a specialized chair for her to use in Rio and to allow other table tennis players with disabilities to use back at home . Most of the chairs the organization has are donated day chairs . Roden was Fiji 's flag bearer at the opening ceremonies .
Women
See also
Fiji at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Fijian sport
Kurt Bilteaux Thomas ( March 29 , 1956June 5 , 2020 ) was an American Olympic gymnast and part-time actor . In 1978 , he became the first American male gymnast to win a gold medal at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships ( world championships ) . In 1979 , he won six medals at the world championship , setting the record for most medals won at a single world championship by an American gymnast , a feat matched only by Simone Biles in 2018 . He competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal . Thomas was favored to win a medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics but was unable to compete due to the USA boycott of the 1980 Olympic Games .
Early life
Thomas was born in Miami , Florida on March 29 , 1956 . His father worked as the manager of a meat company and died when Thomas was 7 years old . His mother , Ellie , was a secretary . Thomas considered pursuing professional basketball and football , but his interest in gymnastics was piqued at age 14 after watching the team from Miami-Dade Junior College practice . Thomas was awarded a scholarship to study at Indiana State University ( ISU ) . He was a five-time NCAA champion at ISU , winning the parallel bars and all-around in 1977 , and parallel bars , horizontal bar and the all-around in 1979 . Thomas led the ISU men 's gymnastics team to the 1977 National Championship .
Career
Thomas earned All-America honors 13 times in his career . He was the James E. Sullivan award winner in 1979 , as well as the 1979 Nissen Award ( the `` Heisman '' of men 's gymnastics ) awardee .
Thomas first competed as a member of the U.S. Olympic team at the 1976 Summer Olympics . Two years later , he became the first American male gymnast to win a gold medal in floor exercise , accomplishing the feat in the 1978 World Championships . He subsequently became the first gymnast to receive the James E. Sullivan Award for the best amateur athlete in the United States . Thomas earned six medals at the 1979 World Championships , including gold on the horizontal bar and floor exercise , and silver in the all-around , parallel bars , and pommel horse , establishing a new American record for most medals won at a single world . The feat would later be tied by Simone Biles in 2018 . He was seen as a favorite to win a gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow ; however , the games were boycotted by the United States government in protest of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
Since the Olympics ' strict amateurism rules at the time would have forced him to forgo many lucrative financial opportunities , Thomas elected not to attempt to compete in the 1984 Summer Olympics . With professionals allowed to compete by the time of the 1992 Summer Olympics , Thomas attempted a comeback . Despite his advanced age for a gymnast , he was able to make it to the 1992 United States Men 's Gymnastics Olympic Trials , but his performance there fell short of what was needed to make the team .
Signature moves
Three gymnastic moves were named for him , the Thomas flair , a pommel horse move , and the Thomas salto , his signature skill on floor exercise , a tucked 1.5 backward salto with 1.5 twist into a roll out ( a difficult and dangerous skill even by today 's standards ) , and the Thomas on High Bar . The Thomas flair on pommel horse , and then also performed on floor , was developed over years by several pommel horse specialists . However , in gymnastics , new moves are named in the gymnastics rule book after the gymnast who is the first to perform the move in international competition .
Film and television work
Thomas featured in the 1985 film Gymkata , playing the role of an American gymnast who travels to the fictional country of Parmistan in order to compete in a deadly competition called The Game . The film earned Thomas a Razzie Award nomination for Worst New Star and was poorly received by critics , but has developed somewhat of a cult following due to its unintentional comedy . Thomas also starred in the syndicated TV series True Confessions and worked as a commentator for ABC Sports and ESPN .
Personal life
In 1996 , Thomas married Rebecca Jones , a dancer who choreographs gymnastic routines . They had two children , Hunter and Kassidy . Thomas had a son from a previous marriage , Kurt Travis . Thomas and his wife ran the Kurt Thomas Gymnastics Training Center in Frisco , Texas . Since 2003 , their gym has hosted the annual Kurt Thomas International Invitational gymnastics meet , a competition endorsed by USA Gymnastics .
Thomas was inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 2003 . He was inducted into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 1990 , the Indiana State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 1999 , and the Missouri Valley Conference Hall of Fame in 2010 .
Thomas died on June 5 , 2020 , at the age of 64 . He suffered a stroke on May 24 , brought about by a tear of the basilar artery in his brain stem two weeks before his death .
References
External links
Kurt Thomas Gymnastics Center
List of competitive results at Gymn Forum
1956 births
2020 deaths
Sportspeople from Miami
American male artistic gymnasts
Indiana State University alumni
Gymnasts at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of the United States
James E. Sullivan Award recipients
Originators of elements in artistic gymnastics
World champion gymnasts
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Gymnasts at the 1975 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
Holothuria ( Selenkothuria ) bacilla is a species of sea cucumber in the genus Holothuria , subgenus Selenkothuria . First described by Cherbonnier in 1988 , the species is found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Madagascar . One source has also recorded the species as being present in the Persian Gulf . The cucumber is a mobile bottom feeder and lives at a depth of between 5–10 cm .
References
Holothuriidae
USS Columbus was a 92-gun ship of the line in the United States Navy . Although construction of the warship was authorized by Congress on 2 January 1813 , plunder of the Washington Navy Yard by British troops in 1814 during the burning of Washington , combined with efforts to keep US military stores out of British hands , led to the destruction of any initial framing . Days after Congress re-authorized the vessel on 29 April 1816 , a keel was laid and construction resumed .
Columbus was launched on 1 March 1819 into the Anacostia River at the Washington Navy Yard ; her dimensions were `` 191 feet 10 inches , between perpendiculars ; breadth of beam from outside to outside , 53 feet 6 inches '' . The warship was commissioned on 29 November 1819 , Master Commandant John H. Elton , commanding . Her original armament comprised `` 92 guns : 68 long 32-pounders and twenty-four 42-pounder carronades '' ; this was greater than the Naval artillery equipping most of the nine ships-of-the-line authorized by Congress in the 1816 legislation , which specified that these warships `` rate not less than seventy-four guns each '' .
Enslaved laborer and diarist , Michael Shiner , documented the launching thusly , `` The United States Ship Columbus 74 , constructed and built by Colonel William Doughty and launch on 4 March 1819 on Monday at Washington Navy Yard the United States Ship Columbus 74 . ''
History
Clearing Norfolk , Virginia on 28 April 1820 , Columbus served as flagship for Commodore William Bainbridge in the Mediterranean until returning to Boston on 23 July 1821.In 1824 enslaved seaman James Hutton through his attorney Francis Scott Key brought a freedom suit against Lt. William J . Belt , USN . Judge William Cranch of the District of Columbia Court , in his verdict , found that Lt. Belt by his action in enrolling James Hutton as an Ordinary Seaman aboard USS Columbus , and USS Spark ( 1813 ) was sufficient evidence of `` implied manumission '' and subsequently accorded Hutton his freedom . in reaching a decision , the court relied on muster rolls of both vessels and the letter of Commodore William Bainbridge dated 6 June 1825 , see thumbnail . Serving as a receiving ship after 1833 , she remained at Boston in ordinary until sailing to the Mediterranean on 29 August 1842 , as flagship for Commodore Charles W. Morgan . On 24 February 1843 , she sailed from Genoa , Italy , and reached Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on 29 July to become flagship of the Brazil Squadron , Commodore Daniel Turner . She returned to New York City on 27 May 1844 for repairs .
After embarking Commodore James Biddle , Commander , East India Squadron , she sailed on 4 June 1845 for Canton , China , where on 31 December Commodore Biddle exchanged ratified copies of the first American commercial treaty with China . Columbus remained there until April 1846 , when she sailed for Japan to attempt opening that country to American commerce . She raised Uraga Channel on 19 July in company with , but achieved no success . Recalled at the outbreak of the Mexican–American War Columbus reached Valparaíso , Chile , in December and arrived off Monterey , California , 2 March 1847 . Too large to be useful in the California operations , the ship sailed from San Francisco on 25 July for Norfolk , arriving on 3 March 1848 .
In 1845 the writer , Charles Nordhoff joined the ship as a boy ( aged 15 ) , and served for 3 years . He would write later of his adventure in his book . Man-of-War Life : a Boy 's Experience in the U. S. Navy , largely autobiographical ( Cincinnati , 1855 ) .
At Norfolk Navy Yard , Columbus lay in ordinary until 20 April 1861 , when she was sunk by withdrawing Union forces to prevent her falling into Confederate hands .
References
Howard Chapelle , The History of the American Sailing Navy : the Ships and their Development ( New York : Norton , 1949 ) , pp . 309–310
Ships of the line of the United States Navy
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in the District of Columbia
Mexican–American War ships of the United States
1819 ships
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks of the American Civil War
Shipwrecks of the Virginia coast
Victorian-era ships of the line
Maritime incidents in April 1861
James Thomas Elam ( June 6 , 1920 – February 4 , 1961 ) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues .
A native of Midlothian , Virginia , Elam played with the Newark Eagles in 1943 . He served in the US Army during World War II , and died in Richmond , Virginia in 1961 at age 40 .
References
External links
and Seamheads
Newark Eagles players
1920 births
1961 deaths
Baseball players from Virginia
Baseball pitchers
African Americans in World War II
United States Army personnel of World War II
African-American United States Army personnel
The Guerrier was a Magnifique class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy .
She took part in the Battle of Minorca ( 1756 ) and in the Battle of Lagos . She was part of Bougainville 's squadron for the Naval operations in the American Revolutionary War , and took part in the operations before the Battle of Rhode Island , in the Battle of Grenada , and in the siege of Savannah .
In July 1781 , she took part in the Invasion of Minorca . On 9 August , she captured the 700-tonne HMS Scarborough .
By the time of the invasion of Egypt , Guerrier should have been decommissioned for two years , but was nevertheless incorporated in the invasion fleet . She took part in the Battle of the Nile , where she was captured by the British . She was so badly damaged that she was burnt .
See also
List of ships captured in the 19th century
Sources and references
Citations
Sources
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Magnifique-class ships of the line
1753 ships
Captured ships
Maritime incidents in 1798
Ships built in France
Ship fires
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks of Egypt
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
The women 's 800 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 and 12 August in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification : First 3 of each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final .
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
800 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
SEC Network Football is a live game presentation of SEC football on the SEC Network . These telecasts have many different presenting sponsors , but some include Dr. Pepper , Allstate , and Regions Bank . There are typically 3 telecasts every Saturday during the college football regular season , though beginning in 2015 , the SEC Network Alternate channel gets one game , usually during the 4:00 PM time slot . The Noon game is preceded by SEC Nation and succeeded by SEC Now which will also serve as a pregame and postgame show for the 4:00 game . The 7:30 game will be succeeded by SEC Scoreboard .
History
The SEC had won seven straight college football national championships when the SEC Network was announced in May 2013 . On March 12 , 2014 , the SEC Network named Brent Musburger as the lead play-by-play announcer and Jesse Palmer as the lead analyst . It was later announced that Maria Taylor would join them as the sideline reporter . In July 2014 , the SEC Network named the rest of their football announcers . Tom Hart would be a play-by-play announcer , paired up with Matt Stinchcomb as the analyst , and Heather Mitts as the sideline reporter . Also , Dave Neal would do play-by-play announcing with Andre Ware as the analyst , both moving from SEC TV . They would be joined by Laura Rutledge as the sideline reporter . The first football game broadcast on the SEC Network was on Thursday , August 28 , 2014 , when Texas A & M defeated South Carolina 52-28 . CBS gets the exclusive first pick of the day 's SEC games before ESPN and SEC Network can choose .
Personalities
Current
Tom Hart : ( play-by-play , 2014–present )
Taylor Zarzour : ( play-by-play , 2017–present )
Dave Neal : ( play-by-play , 2014–present )
Jordan Rodgers : ( analyst , 2017–present )
Andre Ware : ( analyst , 2014–present )
Matt Stinchcomb : ( analyst , 2014–present )
Cole Cubelic : ( sideline reporter , 2016–present )
Olivia Harlan : ( sideline reporter , 2016–present )
Dawn Davenport : ( sideline reporter , 2017–present )
Former
Brent Musburger : ( play-by-play , 2014–2016 )
Jesse Palmer : ( analyst , 2014–2016 )
Maria Taylor : ( sideline reporter , 2014–2015 )
Laura Rutledge : ( sideline reporter , 2014–2015 )
Kaylee Hartung : ( sideline reporter , 2016 )
Heather Mitts : ( sideline reporter , 2014 )
Kayce Smith : ( sideline reporter , 2015 )
Game features
Starting Lineups : The starting lineups for both teams ' offense and defense .
SEC Right Now : A studio update where the host updates the viewers on an important game for the SEC that week .
Halftime Report : The halftime report is presented by Auto-Owners Insurance and is shown at halftime of every game .
Studio Update : A studio update where the host informs the viewers of a non-SEC game .
Schedule
2014
August 28 :
# 21 Texas A & M 52 at # 9 South Carolina 28 ( 6:00 pm ET )
Temple 37 at Vanderbilt 7 ( 10:50 pm ET )
August 30 :
UT Martin 14 at Kentucky 59 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Arkansas 21 at # 6 Auburn 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Southern Miss 0 at Mississippi State 49 ( 7:30 pm ET )
August 31 :
Utah State 7 at Tennessee 38 ( 7:00 pm ET )
September 6 :
Florida Atlantic 0 at # 2 Alabama 41 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Arkansas State 19 at Tennessee 34 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Eastern Michigan 0 at Florida 65 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Nicholls State 7 at Arkansas 73 ( SEC Network Alternare–4:00 pm ET )
Sam Houston State 0 at # 12 LSU 56 ( 7:30 pm ET )
Lamar 3 at # 9 Texas A & M 73 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
September 13 :
Central Florida 10 at # 20 Missouri 38 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Louisiana-Lafayette 15 at # 14 Ole Miss 56 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Kentucky 30 at Florida 36 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 20 :
Troy 0 at # 13 Georgia 66 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Indiana 31 at # 18 Missouri 27 ( 4:00 pm ET )
# 14 South Carolina 48 at Vanderbilt 34 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 27
Vanderbilt 7 at Kentucky 17 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Louisiana Tech 10 at # 5 Auburn 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
New Mexico State 7 at # 17 LSU 63 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 4
Florida 10 at Tennessee 9 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Vanderbilt 17 at # 13 Georgia 44 ( 4:00 pm ET )
South Carolina 38 at Kentucky 45 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 11
Louisiana–Monroe 14 at Kentucky 48 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Chattanooga 10 at Tennessee 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
LSU 30 at Florida 27 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 18
Furman 10 at South Carolina 41 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Arkansas 32 at # 10 Georgia 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Kentucky 3 at LSU 41 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 25
UAB 17 at Arkansas 45 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Vanderbilt 14 at Missouri 24 ( 4:00 pm ET )
South Carolina 35 at # 5 Auburn 42 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 1
Louisiana–Monroe 16 at Texas A & M 21 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Kentucky 27 at # 24 Missouri 34 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Tennessee 45 at South Carolina 42 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 8
Presbyterian 0 at # 12 Ole Miss 48 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
UT Martin 16 at # 1 Mississippi State 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Florida 34 at Vanderbilt 10 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 15
South Carolina 23 at Florida 20 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Kentucky 16 at Tennessee 50 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Missouri 34 at # 24 Texas A & M 27 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 22
Charleston Southern 9 at # 9 Georgia 55 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Eastern Kentucky 3 at Florida 52 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Western Carolina 14 at # 1 Alabama 48 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Vanderbilt 0 at # 4 Mississippi State 51 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 29
# 16 Georgia Tech 30 at # 9 Georgia 24 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Tennessee 24 at Vanderbilt 17 ( 4:00 pm ET )
2015
September 3
Western Kentucky 14 at Vanderbilt 12 ( 8:00 pm ET )
September 5
Louisiana–Monroe 14 at # 9 Georgia 51 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Tennessee–Martin 3 at # 17 Ole Miss 76 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Bowling Green 30 vs. # 25 Tennessee 59 ( 4:00 pm ET at Nashville , TN )
Southeast Missouri State 3 at # 24 Missouri 34 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
New Mexico State 13 at Florida 61 ( 7:30 pm ET )
McNeese State at # 14 LSU ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET : Canceled due to weather )
September 12
Jacksonville State 20 at # 6 Auburn 27 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Middle Tennessee 10 at # 2 Alabama 37 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Toledo 16 at # 18 Arkansas 12 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Kentucky 26 at South Carolina 22 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 19
Nevada 27 at # 17 Texas A & M 44 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Northwestern State 13 at Mississippi State 62 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Austin Peay 7 at Vanderbilt 47 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Florida 14 at Kentucky 9 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 26
Southern 6 at # 7 Georgia 48 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Louisiana–Monroe 0 at # 12 Alabama 34 ( 4:00 pm ET )
# 25 Missouri 13 at Kentucky 21 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 3
South Carolina 10 at Missouri 24 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
San Jose State 21 at Auburn 35 ( 4:00 pm ET )
# 21 Mississippi State 17 at # 14 Texas A & M 30 ( 7:30 pm ET )
East Kentucky 27 at Kentucky 34 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
October 10
New Mexico St 3 at # 14 Ole Miss 52 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Troy 17 at Mississippi State 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
# 11 Florida 21 at Missouri 3 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 17
LA Tech 20 at Mississippi State 45 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Vanderbilt 10 at South Carolina 19 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Missouri 6 at Georgia 9 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 24
Auburn 46 at Arkansas 54 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Missouri 3 at Vanderbilt 10 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Kentucky 16 at Mississippi State 42 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 31
South Carolina 28 at Texas A & M 35 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Tennessee-Martin 28 at Arkansas 63 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Tennessee 52 at Kentucky 21 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 7
Kentucky 3 at Georgia 27 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
South Carolina 24 at Tennessee 27 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Auburn 26 at # 19 Texas A & M 10 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 14
North Texas 0 at Tennessee 24 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Kentucky 17 at Vanderbilt 21 ( 4:00 pm ET )
BYU 16 vs. Missouri 20 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 21
Florida Atlantic 14 at # 8 Florida 20 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
The Citadel 23 at South Carolina 22 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Charleston Southern 6 at # 2 Alabama 56 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Idaho 34 at Auburn 56 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Texas A & M 25 at Vanderbilt 0 ( 7:30 pm ET )
Charlotte 10 at Kentucky 58 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
November 28
Louisville 38 at Kentucky 24 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Vanderbilt 28 at Tennessee 53 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Texas A & M 7 at LSU 19 ( 7:30 pm ET )
2016
September 1
Appalachian State 13 at # 9 Tennessee 20 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 3
South Alabama 21 at Mississippi State 20 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Louisiana Tech 20 at Arkansas 21 ( 4:00 pm ET )
UMass 7 at # 25 Florida 24 ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 10
Nicholls State 24 at # 9 Georgia 26 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Prairie View A & M 0 at # 20 Texas A & M 67 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Wofford 13 at # 19 Ole Miss 38 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Middle Tennessee 24 at Vanderbilt 47 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Arkansas State 14 at Auburn 51 ( 7:30 pm ET )
Eastern Michigan 21 at Missouri 61 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
September 17
Ohio 19 at # 15 Tennessee 28 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
East Carolina 15 at South Carolina 20 ( 4:00 pm ET )
New Mexico State 42 at Kentucky 62 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
# 16 Georgia 28 at Missouri 27 ( 7:30 pm ET )
Texas State 3 at # 24 Arkansas 42 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
September 24
Kent State 0 at # 1 Alabama 48 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Delaware State 0 at Missouri 79 ( 4:00 pm ET )
South Carolina 10 at Kentucky 17 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 1
# 23 Florida 13 at Vanderbilt 6 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Alcorn State 10 at # 20 Arkansas 52 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Louisiana-Monroe 7 at Auburn 58 ( SEC Network Alternate–3:30 pm ET )
# 9 Texas A & M 24 at South Carolina 13 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Missouri 7 at LSU 42 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 8
Vanderbilt 13 at Kentucky 20 ( 4:00 pm ET )
October 9
Georgia 28 at South Carolina 14 ( 2:30 pm ET )
October 15
Vanderbilt 17 at Georgia 16 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Missouri 14 at # 18 Florida 40 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Southern Miss 10 at LSU 45 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 22
UMass 28 at South Carolina 34 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Middle Tennessee 51 at Missouri 45 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Mississippi State 38 at Kentucky 40 ( 7:30 pm ET )
October 29
Kentucky 35 at Missouri 21 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Samford 41 at Mississippi State 56 ( 3:30 pm ET )
# 15 Auburn 40 at Ole Miss 29 ( 7:15 pm ET )
November 5
# 4 Texas A & M 28 at Mississippi State 35 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Missouri 21 at South Carolina 31 ( 4:00 pm ET )
Tennessee Tech 0 at Tennessee 55 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Georgia 27 at Kentucky 24 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 12
Kentucky 36 at Tennessee 49 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Vanderbilt 17 at Missouri 26 ( 3:30 pm ET )
Ole Miss 29 at # 8 Texas A & M 28 ( 7:30 pm ET )
November 19
Louisiana-Lafayette 21 at Georgia 35 ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
# 23 Florida 16 at # 16 LSU 10 ( 1:00 pm ET )
Western Carolina 31 at South Carolina 44 ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Austin Peay 13 at Kentucky 49 ( 4:30 pm ET )
Alabama A & M 0 at # 15 Auburn 55 ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
Ole Miss 17 at Vanderbilt 38 ( 8:00 pm ET )
November 26
Georgia Tech 28 at Georgia 27 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Mississippi State 55 at Ole Miss 20 ( 3:30 pm ET )
# 17 Tennessee 34 at Vanderbilt 45 ( 8:00 pm ET )
2017
August 31
Florida A & M 7 at Arkansas 49 ( 8:00 pm ET )
September 2
Missouri State 43 at Missouri 72 ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Charleston Southern at Mississippi State ( 4:00 pm ET )
Georgia Southern at # 12 Auburn ( 7:30 pm ET )
September 9
Eastern Kentucky at Kentucky ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Tennessee-Martin at Ole Miss ( SEC Network Alternate–12:00 Noon ET )
Indiana State at Tennessee ( 4:00 pm ET )
Alabama A & M at Vanderbilt ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Northern Colorado at Florida ( 7:30 pm ET )
Chattanooga at LSU ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
September 16
Louisiana-Lafayette at Texas A & M ( 12:00 Noon ET )
Purdue at Missouri ( 4:00 pm ET )
Mercer at Auburn ( SEC Network Alternate–4:00 pm ET )
Kentucky at South Carolina ( 7:30 pm ET )
Samford at Georgia ( SEC Network Alternate–7:30 pm ET )
2018
2019
2020
See also
SEC on CBS
SEC Network
ESPN College Football
References
American sports television series
College football television series
2014 American television series debuts
Allen County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of the 2020 Census , the population was 385,410 , making it the third-most populous county in Indiana . The county seat and largest city is Fort Wayne , the second largest city in Indiana .
Allen County is included in the Fort Wayne Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Fort Wayne–Huntington–Auburn Combined Statistical Area . Allen County is the cultural and economic center of northeastern Indiana . The county is within a radius of major population centers , including Chicago , Cincinnati , Cleveland , Columbus , Detroit , Indianapolis , Louisville , Milwaukee , and within a one-day drive of one-third of the U.S. population and one-fifth of Canadians .
Occupied for thousands of years by cultures of indigenous peoples , Allen County was organized by European Americans on December 17 , 1823 , from Delaware and Randolph counties ; and formed on April 1 , 1824 , at the Ewing Tavern . The county is named for Colonel John Allen , an attorney and Kentucky state senator who was killed in the War of 1812 . Fort Wayne , founded at the confluences of the Maumee , St. Joseph , and St. Marys rivers , was chosen as the county seat in May 1824 .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , the largest county in Indiana , of which ( or 99.59 % ) is land and ( or 0.41 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Noble County ( northwest )
DeKalb County ( north )
Defiance County , Ohio ( northeast )
Paulding County , Ohio ( east )
Van Wert County , Ohio ( southeast )
Adams County ( south )
Wells County ( south )
Huntington County ( southwest )
Whitley County ( west )
Municipalities
Cities
Towns
Census-designated places
Harlan
Hoagland
Unincorporated communities
Extinct
Townships
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 355,329 people , 137,851 households , and 90,892 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 152,184 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 79.3 % white , 11.7 % black or African American , 2.7 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 2.9 % from other races , and 2.9 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 33.4 % were German , 11.4 % were Irish , 10.7 % were American , and 8.1 % were English .
Of the 137,851 households , 34.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.2 % were married couples living together , 13.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 34.1 % were non-families , and 28.1 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.12 . The median age was 35.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 60,184 . Males had a median income of $ 45,294 versus $ 33,685 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,532 . About 9.1 % of families and 12.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.4 % of those under age 18 and 5.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Fort Wayne is cited as having the highest Burmese refugee population in the United States , with between 3,000 and 3,500 .
Amish community
Since 1852 , Allen County has been home to an Old Order Amish community that speaks an Alsatian dialect , which is quite rare among Amish . There are about 3,190 Amish living around Grabill and New Haven as of 2017 .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The seven member county council has the ultimate decision-making power regarding fiscal affairs of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Four representatives are elected from county districts , and three members are elected at large . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive and administrative body of the county is made of a three-member board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners serves as president of the board . The commissioners are charged with enacting and executing legislation , the collection of revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a Circuit Court and a Superior Court . These are the trial courts of general jurisdiction . Allen Superior Court hears the vast majority of cases , and has several divisions with multiple courtrooms .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county .
The county government operates the jail , maintains rural roads , operates the major local courts , keeps files of deeds and mortgages , maintains vital records , administers public health regulations , and participates with the state in the provision of welfare and other social services .
Allen County is part of Indiana 's 3rd congressional district and is represented by Jim Banks in the United States Congress . It is part of Indiana Senate districts 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 and 19 ; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 50 , 79 , 80 , 81 , 82 , 83 , 84 and 85 .
Over the last 100 years , Allen County has been a Republican stronghold in presidential elections . The Democratic national landslides of Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 & 1936 as well as Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 constitute the only occasions since then that a Republican presidential candidate failed to carry the county . As of 2020 , Joe Biden was the highest vote earner for a Democratic candidate in the history of the county with 73,189 votes . Donald Trump achieved the same feat for his party , with 92,083 votes . However , the presence of a major urban center makes the county one of the Democrats ' strongest counties in Indiana . In 2008 , Barack Obama became the first Democratic President after Johnson to receive 40 % of the county 's vote . While he lost the county by 4 points , the closest that a Democrat has come to carrying the county , he won the city of Fort Wayne itself by six points . However , in 2016 , Donald Trump won the county by 19 points and city by 6 , but in 2020 , while Joe Biden lost the county by 11 points , he recaptured Fort Wayne . The last Democratic Governor to win the county was Frank O'Bannon in 2000 and the last Senator was Evan Bayh during his 2004 landslide .
Following the 1930 Census , Fort Wayne was drawn into Indiana 's 4th congressional district until being redrawn into the current 3rd district following 2000 Census . Since 1932 , Fort Wayne has been represented in the Congress by Democrats for 20 years out of 90 : James Indus Farley from 1933 to 1939 , Edward H. Kruse for a single term in 1949-1951 , J. Edward Roush from 1971 to 1977 and Jill Long Thompson from 1989 to 1995 .
Elected officials
Board of Commissioners
Richard E. Beck Jr .
Therese M. Brown
F. Nelson Peters
Prosecuting Attorney , Karen E. Richards
Sheriff , David Gladieux
County Treasurer , William Royce
( information as of May 2020 )
Court house
The Allen County Courthouse was designed by Brentwood S. Tolan of Fort Wayne , and was built by James Stewart and Company of Saint Louis , Missouri . When the cornerstone was laid in 1897 , the oldest man in the county , Louis Peltier , was present ; he remembered Fort Wayne when it was a fort . The courthouse was completed in 1903 at a total cost of $ 817,553 . Built in the Beaux-Arts architecture style , it was one of the most expensive courthouses in the state . It also was filled with artwork that cost more than other entire courthouses of the time . The courthouse has been protected as a National Historic Landmark since 2003 . The building is now used primarily as a government annex , as most of the offices were moved across Main Street to the Edwin J. Rousseau Centre in 1971 .
Climate
In recent years , average temperatures in Fort Wayne have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1918 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Economy
In the latter half of the 20th century , shifts in manufacturing patterns led to the reduction of the number of manufacturing plants and jobs in Allen County . However , Allen County 's economy has diversified with time to include defense and security , healthcare , and insurance . Agriculture is also a vital part of the county 's economy . In 2009 , Forbes ranked the Fort Wayne metropolitan area 67th on its list of 200 metropolitan areas in the `` Best Places For Business And Careers '' report . Individually , Fort Wayne was ranked 5th in cost of living and 12th in cost of doing business .
Companies headquartered in Allen County :
Education
Allen County is home of Purdue Fort Wayne ( PFW ) , with an enrollment of 14,192 , it is the fifth-largest public university campus in Indiana . The county also holds the main campus of the Northeast Region of Ivy Tech Community College , the second-largest public community college campus in Indiana . Indiana University maintains the third public higher educational facility in the city with the Fort Wayne Center for Medical Education , a branch of the IU School of Medicine .
Religious-affiliated schools in the county include the University of Saint Francis ( Roman Catholic ) , Concordia Theological Seminary ( Lutheran ) , and Indiana Wesleyan University ( Wesleyan Church ) . Business and technical schools include Indiana Institute of Technology ( IIT ) as well as regional branches of Trine University , Brown Mackie College , Harrison College , ITT Technical Institute , and International Business College .
K-12 schools
Public education is offered in the four districts : East Allen County Schools , Fort Wayne Community Schools , Northwest Allen County Schools , and Southwest Allen County Schools . By means of private education , the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend operate 13 schools within Allen County , while Lutheran Schools of Indiana operate 14 schools within the county . In addition , Blackhawk Christian School and Canterbury School offer private K-12 education in Fort Wayne , while Amish Parochial Schools of Indiana has schools through eighth grade in rural eastern Allen County .
Libraries
Fort Wayne and Allen County residents have been served by the Allen County Public Library ( ACPL ) and its thirteen branches since its founding in 1895 as the Fort Wayne Public Library . The entire library system began an $ 84.1 million overhaul of its branches in 2002 , finishing work by 2007 . The centerpiece , the Main Library Branch , now covers , featuring an art gallery , underground parking garage , bookstore , café , and community auditorium . According to data from 2005 , 5.4 million materials were borrowed by patrons , and 2.5 million visits were made throughout the library system . The Fred J. Reynolds Historical Genealogy Department , located in the Main Library Branch , is the largest public genealogy department in the United States , home to more than 350,000 printed volumes and 513,000 items of microfilm and microfiche .
Parks
In addition to the Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation department ( see List of parks in Fort Wayne , Indiana ) , Allen County Parks currently operates four parks :
Fox Island ( southwest Allen County near Aboite )
Metea ( northeast Allen County near Leo )
Payton ( northern Allen County near Huntertown )
Cook 's Landing ( northern Allen County on Coldwater Rd . )
Allen County Parks are only partially tax supported . Operating expenses must be met through user and program fees . Admission is $ 2.00 per person age 7 and older . Passes are available on an annual basis ( good for one year from purchase date ) starting at $ 15.00 . Activities at various parks include hiking , swimming , fishing , sledding , cross-country skiing ( rentals available ) , playgrounds , picnic areas , play fields , and many nature-based programs for all ages . Wheeled vehicles ( except wheelchairs ) are not permitted on trails , and pets are not permitted in the state nature preserve areas ( clearly marked ) .
Transportation
Highways
Airport Expressway
Airports
Fort Wayne International Airport
Smith Field
Railroads
Chicago Fort Wayne and Eastern Railroad
CSX Transportation
Napoleon , Defiance & Western Railroad
Norfolk Southern Railway
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allen County , Indiana
References
External links
Allen County official website
Allen County Parks Department
ARCH , Inc. ( Allen County historic architecture preservation group )
Fort Wayne/Allen County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Fort Wayne–Allen County Economic Development Alliance
Indiana counties
Fort Wayne , IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
1824 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1824
The Samarra Barrage ( ) is a multi-purpose barrage on the Tigris River adjacent ( west ) of Samarra and north of Baghdad , Iraq . The main purpose of the dam is to divert floodwater in the Tigris River to Lake Tharthar through the Tharthar depression along with irrigation and an 84 MW hydro-electricity station . It also serves to produce hydroelectric power and flood control – although the later has become less critical with the construction of the Mosul Dam upstream and several other large dams in Turkey .
It was completed in 1956 by the German company Züblin . Designs were completed by the British firm Voganlei and Coode . The power station was commissioned in 1972 . The Samarra Barrage portion of the structure has 17 gates capable of passing of water to the Tigris while the Tharthar regulator can divert up to into a canal with 36 gates . The reservoir 's design capacity is but much of that is filled with sediment .
The intent was to use water stored from the Samarra Barrage and the Ramadi Barrage for irrigation . However , evaporation on Lakes Habbaniyah and Tharthar lead to reduces storage and high salinity ; conditions unsuitable for irrigation .
References
External links
Dams in Iraq
Hydroelectric power stations in Iraq
Samarra
Dams completed in 1956
Dams on the Tigris River
1956 establishments in Iraq
Energy infrastructure completed in 1972
Barrages ( dam )
Run-of-the-river power stations
Kennelia tropica is a moth of the family Tortricidae which is endemic to Vietnam .
The wingspan is . The ground colour of the forewings is whitish hardly mixed with brownish grey and sparsely sprinkled with brownish . The hindwings are brownish white .
Etymology
The name refers to the tropical area of the Oriental Region .
References
External links
Moths described in 2009
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Moths of Asia
Eucosmini
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Raja Muhammad Abbas ( born 20 December 1953 ) is a retired Pakistani civil servant who served in BPS-22 grade as the Federal Secretary Ministry of Interior , Board of Investment , & Ministry of Housing & Works . Interior Secretary of Pakistan and Chief Secretary Sindh . Abbas belongs to the Pakistan Administrative Service and was a part of Pakistan Navy before joining the elite civil services .
Career
Abbas served as Chief Secretary Sindh when Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gillani appointed him to the post in 2011 . He has also served as Federal Secretary for the Ministry of Interior , Board of Investment , & Ministry of Housing and Works .
At the provincial level , Abbas had served as Secretary Labour , Transport , & Industries to the Government of Sindh . He had also served as Director General Lahore Development Authority and Parks and Horticulture Authority in Government of Punjab . Moreover , he had also headed key districts of Punjab as Deputy Commissioner of Faisalabad , Jhelum , and Gujranwala .
Currently , he is director on the board of several companies ; mainly including Askari Bank Ltd , Sindh Insurance Ltd and Sindh Leasing Company .
See also
Government of Pakistan
Pakistan Administrative Service
Lahore Development Authority
Parks and Horticulture Authority
Askari Bank
References
1953 births
Living people
Pakistani civil servants
Government of Pakistan
Pakistani government officials
Alexander Wilson Hogg ( 9 February 1841 – 17 November 1920 ) was a member of parliament for Masterton , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Member of Parliament
Hogg contested the Masterton electorate in the , but was beaten by George Beetham . He represented the Masterton electorate in the New Zealand House of Representatives for 21 years from to 1911 .
From 1904 until 1905 he was the Liberal Party 's junior whip .
New Liberal Party
Hogg was associated with the New Liberal Party in 1905 . Like most of the other New Liberals , Hogg wanted the establishment of a State bank , but he did not share their zeal for constitutional innovations , rejecting the idea of the referendum and claiming that the Elective Executive Bill should be put in the rubbish bin .
Hogg was made Minister of Labour , Customs , and Roads and Bridges in 1909 . But he resigned from his portfolios in the same year because of general dissatisfaction with the Ward Government 's policies .
Alexander Hogg sought election in 1911 as an Independent Labour candidate , and in 1912 became a member of the first New Zealand Labour Party . However , in the 1914 contest he stood as a Liberal in Masterton .
He was a newspaper editor/owner of the Wairarapa Star .
Quotes
Alexander Hogg on politics in 1882 :
Our system of general government is imperfect . The framework is already eroded and moth-eaten , loaded with parasites , suffering from a species of dry rot
References
Further reading
Works by Hogg
This is a collection of forty volumes of clippings ( with tables of contents ) from Wairarapa newspapers ( and Wellington 's `` Dominion '' ) . This collection is also available on microfiche .
This is a collection of clippings from Wairarapa newspapers ( and Wellington 's `` Dominion '' ) .
Works about Hogg
This volume contains a biography of Hogg .
External links
1841 births
1920 deaths
Independent MPs of New Zealand
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
Local politicians in New Zealand
New Zealand journalists
New Zealand educators
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
Politicians from Glasgow
People from Masterton
New Liberal Party ( New Zealand ) MPs
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1911 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1914 New Zealand general election
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for North Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Phtheochroa piptmachaeria is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Durango , Mexico .
References
Moths described in 1986
Phtheochroa
Domingo Crisanto Delgado Gómez ( 1806 , Güímar , Tenerife , Spain – 1858 , San Juan , Puerto Rico ) was one of the most famous composers of the nineteenth century Canary Islands ; and first organist of the Cathedral of San Juan Bautista in Puerto Rico .
Early life
He was born in 1806 in the town of Güímar on the island of Tenerife . In 1821 he became a cantor in the music chapel of La Laguna Cathedral of his native island . Then he stood out for his talent and wrote numerous scores for the cathedral and the Convento de Santa Catalina de Siena .
Career
Crisanto was choirmaster apprentice , his teacher was Miguel Jurado Bustamante , who was succeeded by Manuel Fragoso in 1828 . Domingo Crisanto served as assistant sochantre as second organist at the La Laguna Cathedral and remarkable composer . He learned to play the violin and worked as a music teacher .
After the death of Bustamante and due to the illness of Fragoso , Crisanto kept hoping to be appointed choirmaster at the La Laguna Cathedral , a distinction which would never happen .
Moving to Puerto Rico
For these reasons and looking for new professional horizons , he moved to Puerto Rico where he joined the music chapel of the Cathedral of San Juan Bautista .
In Puerto Rico he became one of the greatest musicians of this country , where he held the positions of 2nd sochantre , substitute organist and greater organist , the latter title he held until death ; for the past eight years he was also a professor of organ and composition . When Crisanto was teacher had among its students and composer Felipe Gutiérrez y Espinosa turn one of the initiators of the future school of Puerto Rican composers .
See also
List of Spanish composers
References
1806 births
1858 deaths
People from Tenerife
Musicians from the Canary Islands
Spanish composers
Spanish male composers
Puerto Rican musicians
19th-century composers
19th-century American musicians
19th-century American male musicians
Swati Kapila is an Indian-American television actress and producer . She appeared in TV shows like The Big Bang Theory ( 2017 ) , Younger ( 2015 ) , Blunt Talk ( 2015 ) . She made her film debut with Life ! Camera Action ... ( 2012 ) . She was nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role in World Music & Film Festival for this film . She was also nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role at the 2011 International Filmmaker Festival of World Cinema which is also known as Silent River Film Festival
.
Filmography
Television
Awards and nominations
References
Indian film actresses
American television actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Iassen Ghiuselev ( born 1964 ) is a Bulgarian illustrator of many classic stories including Pinocchio , Alice in Wonderland and The King of the Golden River .
Ghiuselev was born in Sofia , Bulgaria , in 1964 . His father is the Bulgarian opera singer Nicola Ghiuselev . Iassen Ghiuselev attended the School of Art in Sofia and then studied at the National Academy of Arts . He graduated in 1990 and started work as a freelance illustrator .
Ghuiselev creates cover pictures , graphics and other illustrations for some of the best-known publishers and magazines in Sofia . He also works with the magazines Vanity Fair and Vogue in Italy .
Awards
Die Zeit and Radio Bremen awarded him the LUCHS 93 prize for his illustrations in The Queen Bee , published by Esslinger . The American Institute of Graphic Arts designated Pinocchio as one of the Fifty Best Books of 2001 in its annual juried contest . Pinocchio also won the 2002 Independent Publisher award for juvenile fiction , and was the recipient of the Alcuin Society Book Design honorable mention in 2001 . Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland took 3rd Prize at the 22nd Annual Awards for Excellence in Book Design in Canada ( 2003 ) from The Alcuin Society .
Bibliography
Lewis Carroll 's Alice 2007 Calendar ( 2006 )
Da Vinci Tarot Kit ( 2006 )
The King of the Golden River ( 2005 )
Pendulum Power Magic/Pendulo poder y magia ( 2005 )
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ( 2003 )
The Queen Bee ( 2003 )
Las aventuras de Pinocho ( 2003 )
Pinocchio : The Story of A Puppet ( 2002 )
Michelangelo : Renaissance Artist ( Great Names ) ( 2002 )
Socrates : Greek Philosopher ( Great Names ) ( 2002 )
Tarot of the III Millennium ( 2001 )
Orpheus and Eurydice ( 2001 )
Orpheus und Euridike ( 1997 )
Arthur and Excalibur : The Legend of King Arthur and the Great Magic Sword ( 1995 )
References
1964 births
Living people
Bulgarian illustrators
Bulgarian children 's book illustrators
Artists from Sofia
The 1947 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Mountain States Conference ( MSC ) during the 1947 college football season . In their seventh season under head coach Eddie Kimball , the Cougars compiled a 3–7 record ( 1–5 against conference opponents ) , finished seventh in the MSC , and were outscored by a total of 182 to 168 .
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
... Whatever That Means is a South Korean melodic punk band based in Seoul , South Korea . Alternative Press called them the `` pop-punk face of the Korean music scene . '' The two key members are married couple Jeff and Trash . Both are promoters who have organized concerts and brought foreign bands to Korea . They organize annual Halloween shows and previously managed the monthly 2nd Saturdays concert series . They have been associated closely with the venues Club Spot , Ruailrock , Club SHARP , and Thunderhorse Tavern .
They run Thunderhorse Studios with Thunderhorse Tavern ex-owner Kirk Kwon . They featured prominently in the 2014 documentary Us and Them : Korean Indie Rock in a K-Pop World . They also appear in Ken Robinson 's documentary film Ash . Their influences include Gob , Face to Face , Descendents/ALL , Bad Religion , Social Distortion , and The Ataris .
Origins
Jeff and Trash got married in Seoul on February 28 , 2009 . After , they had a concert at Club Spot . Jeff had wanted to perform , but did n't have a band or a name yet , so the poster was designed by artist and original guitarist Ric Comly , to say `` Jeff ... whatever that means . '' Trash later joined the band as bassist and they continued performing as ... Whatever That Means .
The Purge Movement
In 2010 , ... Whatever That Means formed a coalition with other notable Korean punk bands Rux and the Swindlers to create the Purge Movement , aimed at fighting gentrification in the Hongdae area . Referencing purging of gentrifying factors in the area including repetitive , uncreative street performers , they organized concerts in Hongdae Playground . They also intended to raise awareness of non-mainstream music and support live music venues rather than compete with them by getting more people interested .
World Domination , Inc .
The band toured the US in 2011 and 2016 , using their label World Domination , Inc. to promote culture of Korea and its punk scene abroad . The 2011 tour was a precursor to a hiatus , while Jeff earned a master 's degree in Pennsylvania .
For both tours , they released compilations titled `` Them and Us . ''
The first compilation was recorded on the stage at Club Spot , and the second was made in Thunderhorse Studios . Both compilations contain around 10 bands performing an original song and a cover from a bigger band , a strategy to encourage US listeners to give unknown bands a try . They were given out for free on tour Moses also helped fellow Korean bands Full Garage and Skasucks tour the west coast US .
From the tour , they made contact with US punk band Burn Burn Burn , recording a split album together . Burn Burn Burn came to Korea for a tour managed by World Domination , Inc .
... Whatever That Means toured Malaysia and Singapore in early 2015 , where they made connections with the local music scenes , facilitating exchanges and bringing bands to Korea , starting with Iman 's League .
On Aug. 1 , 2019 , the label released `` World Domination Vol.1 , a four-song compilation of bands from four countries . The four bands are skatepunk band Sidecar from Busan , emotive punk band Social Circuit from Malaysia , power punk band Mable 's Marbles from the U.S. and dirty rock 'n ' roll band DFMK from Mexico . Hints were given that the second volume in the series would feature ska .
IT 'S A FEST !
In celebration of the 10th anniversary of the label and band , as well as the marriage of Jeff and Trash , WDI announced a free two-day underground music festival to be held June 15 and 16 , 2019 , at Hanagae Beach on Muuido , and introduced a crowdfunding campaign on Tumblbug to support the festival .
The lineup included Galaxy Express , Drinking Boys and Girls Choir , 57 , Green Flame Boys , Talkbats , Burning Hepburn , A ' Z Bus , Gumiho , Winning Shot , Drive Shower , Smoking Goose , Shin Hantae & Reggae Soul , Romantiqua , Sidecar , Lazybone , and WTM . Foreign acts include Singapore 's Iman 's League , China 's The Sino Hearts , and Malaysia 's Half-Asleep .
The second year of the festival was scheduled for June 20 and 21 , 2020 but needed to be cancelled due to the COVID-19 global pandemic . The cancelled lineup included foreign bands Green Eyed Monster and Akabane Vulgars on Strong Bypass , both from Japan , and Social Circuit from Malaysia . Local bands included Crying Nut , Galaxy Express , No.1 Korean , National Pigeon Unity , Burning Hepburn , ... Whatever That Means , Chain Reaction , Daddy O Radio , Shin Hantae & Reggae Soul , Ultralazy , Winningshot , Gumiho , Jonny'spark , BEACON , and 444 .
Thunderhorse Studios
Jeff and Trash were involved in Thunderhorse Studios , co-owned with Kirk Kwon who owned the former venue Thunderhorse Tavern . On Aug 19 , 2019 , Thunderhorse Studios announced its closing at the end of September . Since then , Jeff has opened his own recording studio named Binary Studios .
SHARP Ink and Rebellion Ink
Trash was a tattooist at SHARP Ink in Mangwon-dong , run by Ryu Jinsuk of Skasucks . She tattooed `` Jeff sucks '' on a member of Burn Burn Burn after receiving a donation from punk zine Broke in Korea . In November 2019 she opened her own tattoo shop , Rebellion Ink .
Members
Jeff Moses – guitar , vocals
Trash Yang Moses – bass , vocals
Bialy – guitar , vocals
Woojoon - drums
Past members
Ric Comly – pretend lead guitarist
Alex Kyllo - lead guitar
Hong9 – drums
Mizno – drums
5baeng – lead guitar
Gwangya – drums
Discography
The Newest Hope ( 2010 )
Sounds from the Explosion ( 2011 )
Them and Us : Korea 's Punks at Club Spot ( 2011 )
Honggu Goes To Prison – cover song EP ( 2013 )
Sixty-Eight , Twenty-Two ( 2014 )
Asian Prodigy single – Chinkees cover ( 2014 )
Them and Us 2 : Korea 's Punks at Thunderhorse Studios ( 2016 )
Blowing Minds & Melting Faces – split with Burn Burn Burn ( 2016 )
Revolving Doors ( 2020 )
References
External links
... Whatever That Means Facebook page
WDI Korea website
WDI Korea Facebook page
Rebellion Ink Korea Facebook page
South Korean punk rock groups
South Korean indie rock groups
South Korean rock music groups
Musical groups established in 2009
Music festivals established in 2019
Music festivals in South Korea
Rock festivals in South Korea
Annual events in South Korea
Arctander is the name of two Norwegian families : one from Trondheim and a Nordland family .
History
The family Arctander in Trondheim descends from Niels Lauritzen the elder ( b. ca . 1490 ) , Mayor of Trondheim . His grandchildren , among them Niels Lauritzen the younger , who was a bishop in Viborg , Denmark , adopted the name Arctander .
The Nordland family Arctander begins with Peder Pedersen ( b. ca . 1626 ) , a farmer in Lødingen , Nordland . His grandson , Aron Pedersen , adopted the name Arctander when attending the University in Copenhagen , whereafter he returned to Norway and became a priest in Ofoten . Many prominent people belong to this family , among them cabinet minister Sofus Arctander , cand.oecon . Signy Arctander , and Evan Arctander , a Board Certified safety professional and Safety engineer .
Name
The name is in Latinised Greek and means `` Norwegian '' . The first part means arctic , and the second part derives from the word andros ( man ) , i.e . `` north man '' .
References
Norwegian families
Enfant de la ville is the second studio album of Grand Corps Malade . It was released on 31 March 2008 .
Track list
`` Mental ''
`` Je viens de là ''
`` Comme une évidence ''
`` 4 saisons ''
`` Pères et mères '' ( a cappella )
`` À la recherche '' ( with Kery James and Oxmo Puccino )
`` Le blues de l'instituteur ''
`` Rétroviseur ''
`` J'écris à l'oral ''
`` Enfant de la ville ''
`` La nuit ''
`` J'ai pas les mots ''
`` Avec eux ''
`` Underground ''
`` L'appartement '' ( a cappella )
`` Du côté chance ''
Music by :
S Petit Nico - 1 , 2 , 3 , 11
Alain Lanty - 4
Gilles Bourgain - 6
Yannick Kerzanet - 7
Feed Back - 7 , 9 , 10 , 13 , 14
Baptiste Charvet - 8
Alejandro Barcelona - 9
Stéphane Palcossian - 12
JB of Diez Records - 16
Musicians
Violins : Hervé Cavelier , Hélène Corbellari
Alto : Nathalie Carlucci
Cello : Florence Hennequin
Guitar : Guillaume Farlet , Thomas Frémont , Yannick Kerzanet , Stéphane Palcossian
Bass : Xavier Zoly
Keyboards/Piano : Elie Chémali , Vahan Mardirossian , Alain Lanty
Drums : Jean-Baptiste Corto
Flute : Gilles Bourguain , Vincent Chavagnac
Accordion : Alejandro Barcelona
Percussions : Feed Back
Personnel
Production : Jean-Rachid for Anouche Productions
Realisation : Feed Back ( Patrick Ferbac )
Arrangements / directing the orchestra : Gérard Daguerre
Sound engineer / Mixing : Nico ( staf ) Stawski
Mastering : Éric Chevet at Masterdisk Europe
Photos studio : Jean-Michel Delage
Photos cover : Stefan Rappo
Graphics : designppk08
Charts
References
2008 debut albums
Grand Corps Malade albums
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women 's 200 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Sunday 18 January 1998 in Perth , Western Australia .
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Women 's Olympic Games 200m Butterfly ( Atlanta )
1997 Women 's World SC Championships 200m Butterfly ( Gothenburg )
1997 Women 's European LC Championships 200m Butterfly ( Seville )
2000 Women 's Olympic Games 200m Butterfly ( Sydney )
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women 's swimming
Anthony Ellison ( born 1966 ) is a New Zealand cartoonist and animator .
Ellison is of Māori descent , from the Ngai Tahu iwi .
Ellison has been the political cartoonist for The Sunday Star-Times since 1988 and was at one stage the youngest political cartoonist in New Zealand . His cartoons addressed Māori issues but did not stereotype Māori and women . Frustrated by the limitations of the medium , Ellison abandoned political cartooning and began a bizarre weekly cartoon 'Meantime ' for the New Zealand Listener . 'Meantime ' survived two changes of editor before being dropped by the current editor who favoured a more conservative approach to the magazine .
More recently he is the creator of the controversial animated character 'Media Dog ' for the media satire show Eating Media Lunch and also created the 1920s pastiche Happy Hori for the comedy show The Unauthorised History of New Zealand . According to an interview with Chris Slane , Ellison does not use story boards for his animations , `` just writes a script , takes it into the recording studio and sees what happens '' .
In 2005 , Ellison made his first foray into live action comedy with the one-off television pilot 'Barry ' . New Zealand Listener TV critic Diana Witchel describes Ellison 's television work as representing `` some of the most disturbing material on television this side of Destiny TV '' and goes on to say that 'Barry ' `` as comment on the pretensions of the intelligentsia , the gullibility of the media and the stunning incomprehensibility of late-night innovative comedy , it 's a triumph . ''
In addition to editorial cartoons he has also published adult minicomics , including 'Popeye has a Fuck ' ( 1977 ) , 'Tard ' ( 1998 ) , and 'Ray Gun Girls ' ( 1999 ) , which Pavement has described as `` An unsettling mixture of Japanese school-girl eroticism , fifties ray-guns and haunting landscapes '' .
References
External links
Search for work by Anthony Ellison on DigitalNZ .
1966 births
Living people
New Zealand cartoonists
New Zealand animators
New Zealand comics artists
Phtheochroa osthelderi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Syria and Turkey .
References
Moths described in 1989
Phtheochroa
( An Imitation ) Blood Orange ( stylized as [ ( an imitation ) blood orange ] ) is the fifteenth studio album by Japanese pop rock band Mr. Children and was released on November 28 , 2012 . It was the band 's first studio album in two years . The album consists of a total of 11 tracks , including their triple A-side single , `` Inori : Namida no Kidou '' / `` End of the Day '' / `` Pieces '' , released in April 2012 , as well as `` Hypnosis '' . `` Joutoku '' was used as the theme song for Ikuta Toma 's drama Osozaki no Himawari : Boku no Jinsei , Renewal and their charity digital single `` Kazoe Uta '' , released in April 2011 , for victims of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami . This album was released in two versions : a limited CD+DVD edition and a regular CD-only edition , but the same price . The limited edition comes with a DVD including the PVs for `` Hypnosis '' , `` Marshmallow Day '' , `` Inori : Namida no Kidou '' , and `` Joutoku '' .
The album debuted on the Japanese Oricon Chart at number one on December 10 , 2012 . It sold over 530,235 copies in its first week of release . It was their 15th consecutive album to top the chart , and 12th consecutive studio album to sell over 500,000 copies during its first week . In 2012 , they released three albums , including Mr. Children 2001–2005 ＜micro＞ ( over 716,000 copies sold in its first week ) and Mr. Children 2005–2010 ＜macro＞ ( selling over 732,000 copies in the first week ) , released back on 10 May 2012 . All three albums sold over 500,000 copies in their first weeks . It makes them the first band to achieve this feat . Mr. Children is the first group in four years who had three albums that sold over 500,000 copies in their first week of release since Exile did it in 2008 with Exile Love , Exile Catchy Best ( released in March 2008 ) , and Exile Ballad Best ( released in December 2008 ) .
( An Imitation ) Blood Orange was the eighth best-selling album of 2012 in Japan according to the Oricon Yearly Chart , selling 612,507 copies ( total sales for two weeks in 2012 ) . All three of the albums released in 2012 finished in the top 10 of Oricon 's yearly chart .
Track listing
All songs are written and composed by Kazutoshi Sakurai and arranged by Takeshi Kobayashi and Mr. Children
DVD track listing
Limited edition
`` Hypnosis ''
`` Marshmallow Day ''
`` Inori ( Namida no Kidou ) ''
`` Joutoku ''
References
Mr. Children albums
2012 albums
Toy 's Factory albums
Japanese-language albums
Albums produced by Takeshi Kobayashi
The Horse Show Fountain , also known as the Wright-Bock Fountain , is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States . The fountain , first erected in 1909 , has been widely attributed to both sculptor Richard Bock and architect Frank Lloyd Wright . Though the fountain currently stands at the corner of Oak Park Avenue and Lake Street within Scoville Park , neither the fountain nor the location is original . Its original location was 100 ft ( 30 m ) from its present location , and the fountain was completely reconstructed in 1969 to replace the badly deteriorated original . The Scoville Park is listed as a historic district in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places , but the fountain – because it is a replica – is considered a non-contributing property to the listing .
History
The Wright-Bock Fountain was originally built by the Oak Park Horse Show Association in 1909 and located on the curb of Lake Street , 100 feet ( 30.48 m ) from its present location . The fountain was built to serve not only people but horses and dogs as well . The fountain 's design is generally believed to be a product of sculptor Richard Bock but the actual attribution is a bit fuzzy . Donald P. Hallmark , a Bock historian , stated the fountain was designed by Bock between 1907 and 1908 but with the help of famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright . Bock did much of Wright 's architectural sculpture and worked , for a time , in Wright 's studio in Oak Park as well . It was Bock himself who suggested that it was Wright who pushed for the central opening in the fountain , and thus he `` began to lay claim to the whole project . '' The Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation claims the work as a Wright design from 1903 . The Frank Lloyd Wright Trust lists Wright as the architect and Bock as the sculptor .
In 1969 the badly deteriorated original fountain was reconstructed , with the replica placed in Scoville Park at the corner of Oak Park Ave. and Lake Street in Oak Park . Its new location was an area paved with brick and flanked by concrete benches . During the reconstruction the original materials that comprised the fountain were replaced in their entirety . The poured concrete elements of the fountain were replaced with a concrete that had a rough aggregate finish . The reconstruction work was overseen by the Oak Park Beautification Commission . John Michiels , an architect with Perkins and Will , designed the reconstruction while local sculptor Gerald Jaquard replicated Bock 's relief work . Alterations on the original design included lining the planters with zinc and the installation of the recessed lights . During the reconstruction , the original inscription ( from the original fountain on the facade that now bears the reconstruction-dedication panel ) was lost to history .
Design
The fountain 's rectangular , concrete slab construction has a strong horizontal emphasis . Two vertical slabs act as posts that support a rectangular lintel above , which extends beyond the edges of the posts . The lintel itself acts as a planter . At the base of the fountain a concrete wall extends between the vertical posts . Above the wall is another horizontal slab which acts as the fountain and features the same design as the upper horizontal slab . To either side of the fountain , at its base , are two concrete pools which have since been converted into flower beds .
The center opening , above the fountain , is adorned with cast concrete panels which contain Bock sculpture and dedications . Ornamentation of the concrete slabs is rather limited and exists only in incised triangles and slanted rectangles at the rear and front of the lintel , and incised pyramids at the front and rear of the fountain tray . Above the fountain , are inscriptions and detailed ornamentation . The inscriptions are located on concrete panels above the fountain tray , one reads `` Erected in 1909 Oak Park Horse Show Association '' and the other reads `` Wright-Bock Plaza Fountain restored 1969 . '' The Horse Show Association inscription is on a sculpted plaque held by two kneeling female forms , below the plaque is a tree trunk and above it the tree 's leaves . Beneath the dedication panels are recessed lights which illuminate the fountain tray and cast tablets on the inner portion of the vertical posts .
See also
Oak Park , Illinois
Oak Park and River Forest High School
Oak Park Conservatory
Scoville Park
References
Heinz , Thomas A . The Vision of Frank Lloyd Wright , Chartwell Books , Inc. , Edison , New Jersey : 2006 , pp . 288–89 , .
National Register of Historic Places Nomination Form , HAARGIS Database , Illinois Historic Preservation Agency . Retrieved June 6 , 2007 .
William Allin Storrer , The Frank Lloyd Wright Companion . University of Chicago Press , 2006 , , ( S.094 )
Notes
1909 sculptures
Oak Park , Illinois
Frank Lloyd Wright buildings
Buildings and structures in Cook County , Illinois
Fountains in Illinois
Opisthotropis maculosa , the yellow-spotted mountain stream snake or yellow-spotted mountain keelback , is a species of natricine snake found in Thailand .
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2007
Reptiles of Thailand
In this Portuguese name , the first or maternal family name is Ernestina and the second or paternal family name is Silá .
Ernestina `` Titina '' Silá ( var . Silla ) , ( 1943 – 30 January 1973 ) was a Bissau-Guinean member of the PAIGC . The day of her death , January 30 , is celebrated as National Women 's Day in Guinea Bissau .
Guerrilla war
She is famed in Guinea Bissauan history as a martyr of the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence against Portugal , led by the PAIGC . Very young , Titina Silla joined the guerrilla war led by the charismatic Amílcar Cabral . She displayed remarkable organisational and leadership skills and became one of its most popular figures . Titina Silá was already famous within the movement in the early 1960s as an 18-year-old guerrilla leader on the North Front .
In August 1963 , Silá travelled to the Soviet Union with Teodora Inácia Gomes to undertake a political internship there .
Death
She was killed in an encounter with the Portuguese military while crossing the Farim River with a group of other guerrillas . She was on her way to the funeral of Amílcar Cabral , the leader of PAIGC guerrillas , who was assassinated days earlier in Conakry ( 20 January 1973 ) . After the events of the Carnation Revolution in Lisbon and the independence of Portuguese Guinea as República da Guiné-Bissau in 1974 , a monument was erected in her honour near the river Farim where she died and the date is marked as National Day of Guinean Women ( `` Dia Nacional da Mulher guineense '' ) in Guinea Bissau . Numerous places and institutions in Guinea-Bissau are named for Silá , including Praça Titina Silá in Bissau ( home to government ministries and foreign missions ) . Along with Cabral and Domingos Ramos , she is remembered as the most famous figures of the independence struggle .
References
Further reading
Judy Kimble . The Struggle within the Struggle . Feminist Review , No . 8 ( Summer , 1981 ) , pp . 107–111
Stephanie Urdang . Fighting Two Colonialisms : The Women 's Struggle in Guinea-Bissau . African Studies Review , Vol . 18 , No . 3 , Women in Africa ( Dec. , 1975 ) , pp . 29–34 .
External links
Documentos Amílcar Cabral/ Fundação Mário Soares : Lucette Cabral , Titina Silá , Osvaldo Lopes da Silva , and Maria da Luz Boal photographed at an exchange of POWs during the independence struggle , Dakar , Senegal .
1943 births
1973 deaths
African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde politicians
Bissau-Guinean women activists
Deaths by firearm in Guinea-Bissau
People from Tombali Region
African women in war
Women in 20th-century warfare
Oliver Edward Burford ( born 23 July 1980 ) is an English cricketer . Burfield is a right-handed batsman who fields as a wicket-keeper . He was born in Lincoln , Lincolnshire .
Burford made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1999 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire . Burford has played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1999 to present , which included 65 Minor Counties Championship matches and 39 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches . He made his List A debut against Suffolk in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . He played 7 further List A match for Lincolnshire , the last coming against Glamorgan in the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . In his 8 matches , he scored 123 runs at an average of 20.50 . He scored a half century against the Surrey Cricket Board in the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . Behind the stumps , Burford took 5 catches and made a single stumping .
He has previously played Second XI cricket for the Nottinghamshire and Gloucestershire Second XI 's .
References
External links
Oliver Burford at ESPNcricinfo
Oliver Burford at CricketArchive
1980 births
Living people
Cricketers from Lincoln , England
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
105-106 Capital is the branding given to two Global Radio owned independent radio stations in the United Kingdom :
Capital North East based in Wallsend , North East England
Capital Scotland based in Glasgow , Scotland
Jazep Drazdovič ( ; 1888–1954 ) was a Belarusian painter , archaeologist , and ethnographer .
Born in the present day Hłybokaje District in the family of a landless nobleman , Drazdovič studied in Vilnius under Ivan Trutnev . Today Drazdovič 's works are preserved in National Museum of Lithuania , Belarusian National Arts Museum , and Belarusian National History Museum .
Early life
Jazep was born on October 13 , 1888 , in the village of Punki , Dzisna County , Vilna Province , in the family of an impoverished nobleman . When he was two , his father died ; Jazep and his five brothers were raised by their mother , and soon the family was left without land and a home . The family often had to change their place of residence , renting land . Drazdovich began his studies with a private teacher , then he studied at the Dzisna Gymnasium , and in 1906 moved to Vilnius , where he entered the art school of the famous Russian painter Ivan Trutnev , which he graduated in 1908 . Drazdovich worked in art workshops and planned to go abroad to earn money .
Drazdovich was greatly influenced by the Belarusian national revival . At this time , he made his first steps in art : he created a series of graphic works with landscapes of the Dzisna region , decorated the cover of the `` First Belarusian Calendar for 1910 '' , published by Nasha Niva .
In 1910 he was drafted into the Russian army . After two years of service in Saratov , he graduated from paramedic courses and began working in a clinic . Drazdovich met the First World War in the active army , with a reserve battalion on the Western Front . Due to difficult working conditions , Jazep Drazdovich fell ill with typhoid fever and was hospitalized for two months . After a seven-month vacation to visit his homeland , he returned to the army .
Gallery
Historical-themed works
Architecture
Cosmos
Sceneries
Carpets
References
Belarusian painters
1888 births
1954 deaths
Kralanh District is a district located in Siem Reap Province , in north-west Cambodia . According to the 1998 census of Cambodia , it had a population of 56,915 .
Administrative divisions
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Sir David Scott , 2nd Baronet , KH ( 25 July 1782 – 18 June 1851 ) of Dunninald Castle , Scotland , was a Scottish Tory politician .
Biography
Early life
David Scott was born on 25 July 1782 ,
the oldest son of David Scott ( 1746–1805 ) of Dunninald .
He was educated at Eton and a Trinity College , Cambridge .
His father a director the British East India Company , who put an agency for the company in trust for his son , to mature when he was 12 . Young David entered that business .
Career
When his father died in 1805 , Scott had expected to succeed him as MP for the Perth Burghs . However , by the time Scott left his father 's beside , Sir David Wedderburn had already secured so much support that even the backing of Lord Melville was unable to prevent defeat .
As consolation for his defeat , it was arranged for him to be elected instead for another seat .
He was duly returned at a by-election in January 1806 as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the rotten borough of Yarmouth , Isle of Wight . He held the seat until the general election in November 1806 , when he did not stand again .
After his 1805 defeat he sought a baronetcy for his mother 's brother-in-law Sir James Sibbald , 1st Baronet of Sillwood Park in Sussex , which was granted in December 1806 , with remainder to David . When James died without issue , David inherited the baronetcy and his uncle 's estate . He then sold Dunninald to Patrick Arklay MP .
He was a Director of the East India Company from 1814 to 1818 .
He was also a Knight of the Hanoverian Guelphic Order .
Death
He died on 18 June 1851 . After his death , he was succeeded by his son , Sir James Sibbald David Scott , 3rd Baronet .
References
External links
1782 births
1851 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1802–1806
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Directors of the British East India Company
Tory MPs ( pre-1834 )
Lawrence Andrew Blume ( born 1963 ) is an American filmmaker . He was named among the `` Ten Rising Stars of Comedy '' by The Hollywood Reporter for his first feature-length film , Martin & Orloff , which premiered at the 2002 US Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen and made its television debut on Comedy Central .
Career
Blume was the founder/co-owner of PostWorks , New York 's largest post-production company , and has worked as a production consultant on many films , including Who Killed The Electric Car and TransAmerica . As a pioneer in non-linear digital editing , he helped run the post production center at the Sundance Filmmaker 's Lab , worked as a consultant to Avid Technology , and has lectured extensively on HDTV , Digital Cinema , and the convergence of television and the internet .
Blume directed Tiger Eyes , an adaptation of the young adult bestseller written by his mother , Judy Blume . It was released in 2012 .
Blume is an entrepreneur with investments in media companies and real estate . He is a member of the Director 's Guild of America and Producer 's Guild of America .
Filmography
Awards , honors , and nominations
Sarasota Film Festival ( “ Best of Fest ” Award )
East Lansing Film Festival ( Winner : Audience Award : Best Feature )
The Art Institute of Chicago ( Winner : Christopher Wetzel Award for Independent Comedy )
High Times Magazine Stoney Award : Best Unreleased film of 2003 ( nominee )
IFP/West Independent Spirit Award : Motorola Producer of the Year
Top Ten Films of 2003 : Chicago Reader
Hollywood Reporter : 2002 Ten Rising Stars of Comedy : Lawrence Blume
Red Nation Film Festival ( Winner : Best Film , Best Director , Best Actor )
Palm Beach International Film Festival ( Winner : Best Film )
American Indian Film Festival ( Winner )
References
External links
1963 births
People from Plainfield , New Jersey
Living people
20th-century American Jews
Film directors from New Jersey
21st-century American Jews
The 27th Tennessee Infantry Regiment ( also known as the `` Twenty-seventh Tennessee '' ) was an infantry formation in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War , and was successively commanded by Colonels C. H. Williams and A. W. Caldwell . The regiment was assigned to Maney 's Brigade , Cheatham 's Division , 1st Corps , Army of Tennessee , and on January 1 , 1863 , consolidated with the 1st ( Field 's ) Tennessee Infantry Regiment .
History
The Twenty-seventh Tennessee was organized on September 10 , 1861 , at Camp Trenton , from new and existing companies of volunteer infantry . Its 833 men were from the counties of Benton , McNairy , Obion , Henderson , Decatur , Crockett , Weakley , and Carroll . It was furnished arms at Columbus , Kentucky , then fought at Shiloh , Munfordville , and Perryville . The regiment was assigned to Maney 's Brigade , Cheatham 's Division , 1st Corps , Army of Tennessee , and on January 1 , 1863 , consolidated with the 1st ( Field 's ) Tennessee Infantry Regiment . It participated in many conflicts from Murfreesboro to Atlanta , endured Hood 's winter operations , and ended the war in North Carolina attached to Palmer 's Brigade . The regiment totaled 580 effectives in December 1861 , and lost 54 percent of the 350 at Shiloh and 53 percent of the 210 at Perryville . The 1st and 27th Tennessee Infantry had 83 casualties of the 457 at Murfreesboro , reported 14 killed and 75 wounded at Chickamauga , and in late 1863 , totaled 456 men and 290 arms . Only a remnant surrendered on April 26 , 1865 .
Regimental order of battle
Units of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee included :
Company A
Company B
Company C
Company D ( Felix Rebels )
Company E ( Decatur Tigers )
Company F
Company G
Company H
Company I
Company K ( Henderson County Sharpshooters )
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
Notes
References
Further reading
1861 establishments in Tennessee
1865 disestablishments in North Carolina
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Calcahualco is a city in the Mexican state of Veracruz .
It serves as the municipal seat for the Calcahualco Municipality .
The coffee grown in Calcahualco is famous .
External links
Municipal Official Site
Municipal Official Information
References
Populated places in Veracruz
hola
The Price of Death ( ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Lorenzo Gicca Palli and starring Klaus Kinski and Gianni Garko . Some DVD releases feature the title Der Galgen wartet schon , Amigo ! .
Plot
Silver , who is elegantly dressed and lives in a hacienda with beautiful senoritas , is hired to find out if the accused Chester Conway , the black sheep of the town , really is guilty of the murder charge that he is to hang for . By investigating clues and arranging a trap , Silver discloses some respected citizens as the guilty parties . However , when Conway is released Silver shows that he had raped and killed a Mexican girl while the murder he was charged with took place , and he kills Conway in a duel .
Cast
Gianni Garko as Silver
Klaus Kinski as Chester Conway
Gely Genka as Polly
Franco Abbiana as Jeff Plummer
Luciano Catenacci as Sheriff Tom Stanton
Laura Gianoli as Polly 's sister
Giancarlo Prete as Reverend Adam Tiller
Luigi Casellato as Abacuc Randall
Luciano Pigozzi as Doctor Rosenthal
Franca De Stratis as Carmen
Andrea Scotti as the prosecutor 's lawyer
Alfredo Rizzo as Judge Atwell
Giuseppe Castellano as Grant
Reception
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films , Fridlund ranges The Price of Death among Spaghetti Westerns heavily influenced by secret-agent films , because the hero is shown in company with beautiful women and in luxurious surroundings , works to uncover a mystery and - unlike the protagonists in A Fistful of Dollars and Django - does not have any complicating secondary motive .
Release
Wild East announced they would be releasing `` The Price of Death '' on DVD in a double feature with Killer Caliber 32 . The release was canceled due to rights issues . Killer Caliber 32 is now scheduled to be released in a double feature with Killer Adios instead .
References
External links
1971 films
1971 Western ( genre ) films
1970s Italian-language films
Spaghetti Western films
1970s Italian films
William Boyd ( born 18 October 1958 ) is a former footballer who played for Doncaster Rovers as a goalkeeper .
He won Schoolboy Honours and was a Scotland Youth International .
Senior club career
Hull City
Boyd signed for Hull City in October 1977 , but did n't make it to play for the first team .
Doncaster Rovers
He was signed by English Division 4 club Doncaster Rovers in February 1980 , enabling the club to sell the current keeper , Dennis Peacock , for some much-needed funds . His debut was in a 3–2 defeat at Peterborough United on 22 March 1980 . The following season Boyd played in all games bar one as Rovers gained promotion to Division 3 .
After making a total of 118 League and Cup appearances , it was at the end of the 1982–83 season that Boyd retired from the professional game hampered by his knee injury , with Dennis Peacock having made a return to the club at the beginning of that season as the first choice keeper .
He went to play amateur football with Grantham Town , and became a HGV driver , remaining in the Doncaster area .
References
1958 births
Living people
Footballers from Bellshill
Scottish footballers
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Scotland youth international footballers
Hull City A.F.C . players
Doncaster Rovers F.C . players
Grantham Town F.C . players
The literature of Djibouti has a longstanding poetic tradition . Several well-developed Somali forms of verse include the gabay , jiifto , geeraar , wiglo , buraanbur , beercade , afarey and guuraw . The gabay ( epic poem ) has the most complex length and meter , often exceeding 100 lines . It is considered the mark of poetic attainment when a young poet is able to compose such verse , and is considered the height of poetry . Groups of memorizers and reciters ( hafidayaal ) traditionally propagated the well-developed art form . Poems revolve around several main themes , including baroorodiiq ( elegy ) , amaan ( praise ) , jacayl ( romance ) , guhaadin ( diatribe ) , digasho ( gloating ) and guubaabo ( guidance ) . The baroorodiiq is composed to commemorate the death of a prominent poet or figure . The Afar are familiar with the ginnili , a kind of warrior-poet and diviner , and have a rich oral tradition of folk stories . They also have an extensive repertoire of battle songs .
Additionally , Djibouti has a long tradition of Islamic literature . Among the most prominent such historical works is the medieval Futuh Al-Habash by Shihāb al-Dīn , which chronicles the Adal Sultanate army 's conquest of Abyssinia during the 16th century . In recent years , a number of politicians and intellectuals have also penned memoirs or reflections on the country .
References
Darling Downs was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from July 1859 to December 1859 , representing the Darling Downs , prior to the Separation of Queensland . It elected two members simultaneously , with voters having two votes each .
Members for Darling Downs
Election results
Elections in the 1850s
1859
References
Darling Downs
Darling Downs
History of Queensland
Darling Downs
1859 establishments in Australia
1859 disestablishments in Australia
Constituencies established in 1859
Constituencies disestablished in 1859
The Lasker Trap is a chess opening trap in the Albin Countergambit . It is named after Emanuel Lasker , although it was first noted by Serafino Dubois . It is unusual in that it features an underpromotion as early as the seventh move .
Analysis
1. d4 d5 2. c4 e5
The Albin Countergambit .
3. dxe5 d4
The black pawn on d4 is stronger than it appears .
4. e3
Careless . Usual and better is 4.Nf3 .
4 ... Bb4+ 5 . Bd2 dxe3 ( see diagram )
Now White 's best option is to accept doubled pawns with 6.fxe3 , which the Encyclopedia of Chess Openings ( volume D ) gives as the best move . Black gets a slight advantage , but White has avoided the worst and can defend .
6 . Bxb4 ? ?
Blundering into the Lasker Trap . In an 1899 consultation game in Moscow , Blumenfeld , Boyarkow , and Falk playing White against Lasker tried 6.Qa4+ ? , but Black wins after this move also . The game continued 6 ... Nc6 7.Bxb4 Qh4 8.Ne2 Qxf2+ 9.Kd1 Bg4 10.Nc3 0-0-0+ 11.Bd6 cxd6 12.e6 fxe6 13.Kc1 Nf6 14.b4 d5 15.b5 Ne5 16.cxd5 Nxd5 17.Qc2 Nb4 18.Nd1+ Nxc2 19.Nxf2 Rd2 White resigned .
6 ... exf2+
Now 7.Kxf2 would lose the queen to 7 ... Qxd1 , so White must play 7.Ke2 .
7 . Ke2 fxg1=N+ ! ( diagram )
Underpromotion is the key to the trap . ( If instead 7 ... fxg1=Q , then 8.Qxd8+ Kxd8 9.Rxg1 is okay for White . ) Now 8.Rxg1 Bg4+ skewers White 's queen , so the king must move again .
8 . Ke1 Qh4+ 9 . Kd2
The alternative , 9.g3 , loses the h1-rook to the fork 9 ... Qe4+ .
9 ... Nc6
White is hopelessly lost . After 10.Bc3 , 10 ... Bg4 followed by 11 ... 0-0-0+ is crushing .
See also
List of chess traps
Notes
References
( game score at chessgames.com )
Chess traps
1899 in chess
The Big Boss ( ) is a 1921 German silent crime film directed by Max Obal and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective Stuart Webbs .
Cast
In alphabetical order
References
Bibliography
External links
1921 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Max Obal
German silent feature films
1921 crime films
German black-and-white films
German crime films
Alliance College was an independent , liberal arts college located in Cambridge Springs , Pennsylvania , offering a special program in Polish and Slavic languages ( cf Slavistics ) . It was originally an academy at the high school level . In the 1920s it added a junior college degree . From 1948 until its closing in 1987 , the college was an accredited four-year co-educational liberal arts institution . Student matriculation peaked at 629 in 1968 , but was usually much lower .
History
The school was founded by the Polish National Alliance ( PNA ) in 1912 `` to provide opportunities for Americans of Polish descent to learn about the mother country , its culture , history , and language . '' Classes were usually taught in English . It was nationally famous for its Kujawiaki folk dance ensemble . It also operated exchange programs with Jagiellonian University in Kraków , Poland .
Following the college 's closure , the campus was sold in 1990 to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , which in 1992 opened State Correctional Institution ( SCI ) – Cambridge Springs , a minimum-security women 's prison , at the site .
Polish collection
Alliance College 's library housed the largest Polish collection ( 35,000 cataloged and 15,000 uncataloged volumes ) in North America . The collection was donated by the PNA to the University of Pittsburgh in 1991 .
Transcripts
The office of the registrar at Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania , is the designated agent for storing and retrieving Alliance College transcripts .
Athletics
The school 's sports teams were called the Eagles . According to College Football Data Warehouse , Alliance College played football only sporadically until after World War II . In four seasons after the war , Alliance compiled a 12–21 record . The 1948 team enjoyed a winning season . After losses to St. Francis ( PA ) , St. Vincent ( PA ) , Duquesne ( PA ) , and Juniata ( PA ) , the Eagles rebounded with five straight wins over Brockport State ( NY ) , Lock Haven State ( PA ) , Clarion ( PA ) , Edinboro ( PA ) , and Steubenville ( OH ) . The Eagles won only one game in 1949 before dropping football in March 1950 .
References
Further reading
Urbanski , Michael T. `` Polite Avoidance : The Story Behind the Closing of Alliance College , '' Polish American Studies ( Spring 2009 ) , Vol . 66 Issue 1 , p25-42
External links
Alliance College Alumni Association
Alliance College Polish Collection
Penna . Department of Corrections - SCI Cambridge Springs
Polish-American culture in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1912
Defunct private universities and colleges in Pennsylvania
Education in Crawford County , Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Crawford County , Pennsylvania
Educational institutions disestablished in 1987
Polish-American history
1912 establishments in Pennsylvania
Liberal arts colleges in Pennsylvania
Risoba calainodes is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Alice Ellen Prout in 1928 . It is found in Sumatra .
References
External links
Original description : Prout , A. E. ( 1928 ) . `` Descriptions of some Indo-Australian Noctuidae '' . Bulletin of the Hill Museum . 2 : 167 .
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 1928
Bizhan Aarabi is an Iranian-American neurosurgeon , researcher , author and academic . He is Professor of Neurosurgery at University of Maryland and the Director of Neurotrauma at the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center .
Aarabi 's research is focused on traumatic cervical spinal cord injury and traumatic brain injury . During the decade spanning from 1980 to 1990 , he was involved in cohort studies of soldiers and civilians injured in battle in the Iran-Iraq war . In his later research , he has focused on the analysis of data on traumatic cervical spinal cord injury in the USA . He has written over 180 scientific articles . In 2018 , he published the book , Decompressive Craniectomy , co-edited with J. Marc Simard .
In 1990 , the Iranian government gave Aarabi the Medal of Honor and Achievement .
Early life and education
Aarabi was born at Abadeh , Iran in 1947 . After completing his Pre-Med at the Pahlavi University , he continued studying at the institute , where he received his MD in 1973 . After a year of neurosurgical internship at the Namazi Hospital in Iran , Aarabi moved to the United States , where he completed his post graduate training at the Cook County Hospital and the Johns Hopkins Hospital ; the latter under the supervision of DM Long .
Career
In 1979 , Aarabi moved back to Iran , where he joined the Shiraz University of Medical Sciences as an Associate Professor in Neurosurgery , becoming Professor and Chair of the Neurosurgery Department in 1990 . Aarabi returned to the United States in 1995 and joined the University of Nebraska Medical Center as an Associate Professor . He left University of Nebraska in 2000 to join the University of Maryland , where he was appointed as the Director of Neurotrauma at R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center .
Research
In the beginning of his career , while he was at the Shiraz University of Medical Science , Aarabi 's performed cohort studies in infectious and hemorrhagic complications of missile head wounds during Iran-Iraq War ( 1980-1988 ) and published his first book Beyond Coma . Some of his research during this time dealt with identifying predictors of CNS infections , and predictors of traumatic intracranial aneurysms . In 1999 , he co-edited a 2 volume book , entitled Missile Wounds of the Head and Neck , with Howard H. Kaufman .
While he was at the University of Nebraska , he worked with Robert Florin and Beverly C Walters on the AANS/CNS mandated Guidelines and Prognosis of Penetrating Brain Injury . Later , in 2013 , Aarabi worked with Mark Hadley and Walters to produce AANS/CNS Guidelines for Management of Acute Cervical Spine and Spinal Cord Injuries .
Most of Aarabi 's later work has been focused on acute cervical spinal cord injuries and traumatic brain injury . He conducted retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data on traumatic cervical spinal cord injury . These studies collectively present the dynamic characters of intramedullary lesion in cervical SCI . These include the predictors of intramedullary lesion expansion and the significance of intramedullary lesion length on outcome following cervical SCI .
In 2017 , Aarabi collaborated with Michael Fehlings in production of A clinical Practice Guideline for the Management of Patients with Acute Spinal Cord Injury . In 2018 , he co-edited the book Decompressive Craniectomy .
Awards and honours
1990 - Medal of Honor and Achievement , Iranian Government
2018 - International Impact Award , National Spinal Cord Injury Association Iran
2018 - Endowed Neurotrauma Professorship Chair Award UMSOM
Publications
Books
An Introduction to the Treatment of Craniocerebral Battle Wounds ( 1987 )
Beyond Coma : Brain Death ( 1993 )
Missile Injuries of the Head and Neck ( 1999 )
Decompressive Craniectomy ( 2018 )
Selected articles
Aarabi B , Akhtar-Danesh N , Chryssikos T , Shanmuganathan K , et al . Efficacy of Ultra-Early ( < 12 h ) , Early ( 12-24 h ) , and Late ( > 24-138.5 h ) Surgery with Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Confirmed Decompression in American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale Grades A , B , and C Cervical Spinal Cord Injury . J Neurotrauma 27:448-457 , 2020
Aarabi B , Olexa J , Chryssikos T et al . Extent of Spinal Cord Decompression in Motor Complete ( American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale Grades A and B ) Traumatic Spinal Cord Injury Patients : Post-Operative Magnetic Resonance Imaging Analysis of Standard Operative Approaches . J Neurotrauma 36:862-876 , 2019 .
Aarabi B , Oner C , Vaccaro AR , Schroeder GD , Akhtar-Danesh N. Application of AOSpine Subaxial Cervical Spine Injury Classification in Simple and Complex Cases . J Orthop Trauma . 2017 Sep ; 31 Suppl 4 : S24-S32 .
Aarabi B , Sansur CA , Ibrahimi DM et al . Intramedullary Lesion Length on Postoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging is a Strong Predictor of ASIA Impairment Scale Grade Conversion Following Decompressive Surgery in Cervical Spinal Cord Injury . Neurosurgery 80:610-620 . 2017
Le E , Aarabi B , Hersh DS , Shanmuganathan K , et al . Predictors of intramedullary lesion expansion rate on MR images of patients with subaxial spinal cord injury . J Neurosurg 6:1-11 Spine . 2015 .
Aarabi B , Tofighi B , Kufera JA et al . Predictors of outcome in civilian gunshot wounds to the head . J Neurosurg , 120:1138-46 . 2014 .
Aarabi B , Mirvis S , Shanmuganathan K et al . Comparative effectiveness of surgical versus nonoperative management of unilateral , nondisplaced , subaxial cervical spine facet fractures without evidence of spinal cord injury : clinical article . J Neurosurg Spine . 2014 Mar ; 20 ( 3 ) :270-7 .
References
Living people
Iranian emigrants to the United States
American neurosurgeons
University System of Maryland faculty
1947 births
University of Nebraska faculty
Hollywood , Tennessee is an album by the American country music singer Crystal Gayle . Released in August 1981 , it peaked at # 5 on the Billboard Country Albums chart .
As the title intends to suggest , half of the album was produced in a pop music style , whilst the other half was produced in a `` Tennessee '' country music style . It includes four singles released in 1982 and 1983 which appeared on the Billboard Country charts : `` The Woman in Me '' ( # 3 ) , `` You Never Gave Up on Me '' ( # 5 ) , `` Living in These Troubled Times '' ( # 9 ) , and `` Keepin ' Power '' ( # 49 ) .
Track listing
Personnel
Crystal Gayle - lead vocals
Chris Leuzinger , Jon Goin - guitar
Joe Allen , Tommy Cogbill - bass
Alan Steinberger - keyboards
Charles Cochran - keyboards , vibraphone , string arrangements
Bobby Wood - piano
Gene Chrisman , Kenny Malone - drums , percussion
Buddy Spicher - fiddle , mandolin
Wanda Vick - mandolin
Denis Solee - saxophone
Billy Puett , Sam Levine - flute
The Sheldon Kurland Strings - strings
Dennis Good - horn arrangements
Technical
Garth Fundis - recording , mixing
Virginia Team - art direction
Norman Seeff - photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Crystal Gayle albums
1981 albums
Albums produced by Allen Reynolds
Columbia Records albums
Thomas Aston ( born on or after 1483 , died 1553 ) of Aston was Sheriff of Cheshire in 1551 .
Biography
Aston was the son of Richard Aston ( died 1529 ) of Aston and Dowse , daughter of Piers Warburton of Arley . He was sheriff of Cheshire , 1551 ( the 4th year of Edward VI ) .
Family
In 1512 ( 4th year of Henry VIII ) Aston married Bridget , one of the daughters of John Harewell , and sister and coheir to Thomas Harewell , of Shotery , in Warwickshire . They had children :
John , son and heir , married Margaret , daughter of Thomas Ireland , of the Hutt , in Lancashire , in 1546 .
Richard , second son .
Peter , third son , had a bastard called Thomas Aston ( born c. 1546 ) , then living at London .
William , fourth son , married Anne , daughter of Thomas Ireland of the Hutt , Lancashire , and had children .
Francis , fifth son .
Aston also had a bastard son called Roger ( died 23 May 1612 ) , afterwards Sir Roger Aston , Gentleman of the Bedchamber to King James I , who married Mary Stewart , daughter to Alexander , Lord Ochiltree .
Notes
References
High Sheriffs of Cheshire
1480s births
1553 deaths
Mert Naci Türker ( born 16 August 1998 ) is a Turkish tennis player .
Türker has a career high ATP singles ranking of 1076 achieved on 25 June 2018 . He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 645 achieved on 13 August 2018 . Türker has won 1 ITF doubles title on the ITF Men 's World Tennis Tour .
Türker made his main drew debut at the 2021 Antalya Open in the doubles draw , receiving a wildcard alongside Umut Akkoyun .
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Turkish male tennis players
Meall nan Eun ( 928 m ) is a mountain in the Grampian Mountains of Scotland . It is located east of Glen Etive in Argyll and Bute .
A dome like mountain with a rounded top but steep sides , it has a summit plateau . Climbs usually start from Glen Etive and the peak is often climbed together with the nearby Munro Stob Coir'an Albannaich .
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Munros
Mountains and hills of Argyll and Bute
Pistocchi is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Francesco Antonio Pistocchi ( 1659–1726 ) , Italian musician
Giuseppe Pistocchi ( 1744–1814 ) , Italian architect
Italian-language surnames
Cameron Highlands is a federal constituency in Cameron Highlands District and Lipis District , Pahang , Malaysia , that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004 .
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system .
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018 , the Cameron Highlands constituency has a total of 29 polling districts .
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Pahang federal constituencies
McIntosh County Academy ( MCA ) is the only public high school in McIntosh County , Georgia , United States . It was formerly known as Darien High School .
History
In 1794 , the city of Darien was given a charter to build a school . In 1820 , a branch of the institution was created and classes were held at local churches . The actual school building was built in 1840 on the corner of Adam Street and Rittenhouse Street .
On March 3 , 1892 , an intentional fire destroyed McIntosh County Academy . The city rebuilt a brick building on top of the remains of the old school in the same year . This was the site of the school for many years , until Darien constructed the new high school off U.S Highway 17 .
MCA was built using the one cent ESPLOST ( Education Special Local Option Sales Tax ) .
Extra-curricular activities
4-H
Beta Club
Drama Club
FBLA ( Future Business Leaders of America )
FCA ( Fellowship of Christian Athletes )
FCCLA ( Family , Career , Community Leaders of America )
FFA ( Future Farmers of America )
Guitar Club
HOSA ( Health Occupations Students of America )
Independent Authors
Interact Club
JOOIC ( Junior Optimist Octagon International )
National Honor Society
Science Club
Skills USA-Vica
Student Council
YAC ( Youth Advisory Council )
Yearbook
Gaming club
Academics
In 2005 , MCA began offering Advanced Placement classes in Calculus , English , US History , Environmental Science , and Art History . These classes are available to juniors and seniors .
MCA did not make AYP until 2007 .
MCA was first place in the 2007 GHSA Region 2 GHSGT in English with a 93.7 % . The graduation rate rose to third place among the GHSA boards , with 70.6 % graduating .
Notable alumni
Allen Bailey - NFL player , Atlanta Falcons Class of 2007
References
External links
Official website
McIntosh County School system
Public high schools in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Schools in McIntosh County , Georgia
1875 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
The Aeronca Model 50 Chief was an American light plane of the late 1930s . Consumer demand for more comfort , longer range and better instrumentation resulted in its development in 1938 , powered by a 50-horsepower ( 37-kilowatt ) Continental , Franklin or Lycoming engine . A 65-horsepower ( 48-kilowatt ) Continental engine powered the Model 65 Super Chief , which was also built in a flight trainer version , the Model TC-65 Defender , with its rear seat positioned nine inches ( 23 centimeters ) higher than the front for better visibility .
Variants
Aeronca 50C Chief
( 1938 ) An improved KCA with a wider cabin , powered by a Continental A-50 . 248 built . The first light-plane to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to New York City , on 29–30 November 1938 , covering miles in 30hours 47minutes , averaging , with an impressive fuel cost-per-mile of about one cent .
Aeronca 50F Chief
( 1938 ) powered by a Franklin 4AC . 40 built .
Aeronca 50L Chief
( 1938 ) The 50L had exposed cylinders and was powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 65 built .
Aeronca 50LA Chief
The 50LA , with Lycoming engine , had a closed cowling . 20 built .
Aeronca 50M Chief
( 1938 ) A single 50M was built , powered by a Menasco M-50 .
Aeronca 50TC
( 1939 ) The first tandem Aeronca , introduced as competition for the Piper Cub , powered by a Continental A-50 . 16 built .
Aeronca 50TL Tandem
The 50TL was powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 33 built .
Aeronca 60TF
( 1940 ) Essentially the same as the50TC , powered by a Franklin 4AC conferring slightly increased performance .
Aeronca 60TL Tandem
Powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 118 built for the USAAF as the O-58B , powered by a Continental A-65 .
Aeronca 65C Chief
( 1938 ) Powered by a Continental A-65 . 279 were built , many of which were impressed by the USAAF as O-58/L-3s in 1942 .
Aeronca 65CA Super Chief
The 65C with an optional auxiliary fuel tank , and other deluxe appointments . 655 built .
Aeronca 65LA Chief
( 1939 ) Powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 87 built .
Aeronca 65LB Super Chief
( 1940 ) Powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 199 built .
Aeronca 65TC Tandem
( 1940 ) Powered by a Continental A-65 . 112 built .
Aeronca 65TAC Defender
Tandem seating for military training , 154 built .
Aeronca 65TF Tandem
1940 ) Powered by a Franklin 4AC , 59 built .
Aeronca 65TAF Defender
115 built .
Aeronca 65TL Tandem
( 1940 ) Powered by a Lycoming O-145 . 299 built plus 4 YO-58 , 20 O-58 , 701 L-3B , and 499 L-3C , plus 253 TG-5 gliders to the USAAF .
Aeronca 65TAL Defender
100 built .
Specifications ( Model 50-C Chief )
See also
Aeronca Chief family
References
1930s United States civil utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1938
Ling-Chi Wang is a Chinese-born American civil rights activist and ethnologist . He is a civil rights activist and Professor Emeritus of Asian-American studies and ethnic studies at the University of California , Berkeley . He has been called the `` Asian Martin Luther King '' for his four decades of activism . Wang was born in Xiamen , Fujian in 1938 and emigrated to the United States in 1957 at the age of 19 .
He received a master 's degree in Near Eastern studies from the University of Chicago . However , as a response to the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s , Wang switched his interests to Asian American studies .
In response to the Wen Ho Lee spying allegations , Wang and an Asian American academic organization instituted a boycott of the two labs run by the University of California , in Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico . He also helped organize a class-action lawsuit against the labs in response to racial profiling allegations .
Wang led a movement expose the involvement of Republic of China ( Taiwan ) 's government role in the murder of Henry Liu in Daly City , California by Bamboo Union agents .
See also
Henry Liu
References
1938 births
Living people
American ethnologists
Chinese emigrants to the United States
East Asian studies scholars
People from Xiamen
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
University of California , Berkeley faculty
University of Chicago alumni
American civil rights activists
Asian-American movement activists
Opuha is a small rural district located in the Timaru District , New Zealand . It is located to the northwest of Pleasant Point and southeast of Fairlie . The Opuha Dam is also located within the district .
References
Timaru District
Populated places in Canterbury , New Zealand
Mingw-w64 is a free and open source software development environment to create Microsoft Windows PE applications . It was forked in 2005–2010 from MinGW ( Minimalist GNU for Windows ) .
Mingw-w64 includes a port of the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) , GNU Binutils for Windows ( assembler , linker , archive manager ) , a set of freely distributable Windows specific header files and static import libraries which enable the use of the Windows API , a Windows native build of the GNU Project 's GNU Debugger , and miscellaneous utilities .
Mingw-w64 can be run either on the native Microsoft Windows platform , cross-hosted on Linux ( or other Unix ) , or `` cross-native '' on MSYS2 or Cygwin . Mingw-w64 can generate 32 bit and 64-bit executables for x86 under the target names and .
History
In 2005 , Mingw-w64 was created by OneVision Software under cleanroom software engineering principles , since the original MinGW project was not prompt on updating its code base , including the inclusion of several key new APIs and also much needed 64-bit support . In 2008 , OneVision then donated the code to Kai Tietz , one of its lead developers , under the condition that it remains open source . It was first submitted to the original MinGW project , but refused under suspicion of using non-public or proprietary information . For many reasons , the lead developer and co-founder of the MinGW-w64 project , Kai Tietz , decided not to attempt further cooperation with MinGW .
MinGW-w64 provides a more complete Win32 API implementation , including :
Better C99 support
POSIX Threads ( pthreads ) support ( including the possibility to enable C++11 thread-related functionality in GCC 's libstdc++ )
GCC multilib , which allows users to install 32-bit and 64-bit libraries in parallel
Unicode entry point ( wmain/wWinMain )
DDK ( from ReactOS )
DirectX ( from Wine )
Large file support
Win64 support
Structured Exception Handling ( SEH ) instead of DWARF or sjlj on x86-64 ( from gcc 4.8+ )
Some useful tools such as gendef ( an improved version of MinGW 's pexports utility ) , and widl ( an MIDL compiler from Wine ) .
Additionally , the Mingw-w64 project maintains winpthreads , a wrapper library similar to pthreads-win32 , with the main difference that it allows GCC to use it as a threads library resulting in functional C++11 thread libraries < thread > , < future > , and < mutex > .
MSYS2
MSYS2 ( `` minimal system 2 '' ) is a software distribution and a development platform for Microsoft Windows , based on Mingw-w64 and Cygwin , that helps to deploy code from the Unix world on Windows . It plays the same role the old MSYS did in MinGW .
MSYS2 shares this goal of bringing Unix code to Windows machines with several other projects , most notably Cygwin and Windows Subsystem for Linux ( WSL ) . WSL lets Linux ELF binaries run on Windows , with limited support for kernel calls and significant limitations in graphical applications . Cygwin provides a full POSIX environment ( as a Windows DLL ) in which applications , compiled as Windows EXEs , run as they would under Unix .
Instead of providing a full environment like Cygwin does , MSYS2 tasks itself with being a development and deployment platform .
There is a main MSYS2 environment ( similar to , and in fact derived from , Cygwin 's emulation code ) with package manager and standard Unix system tool . This way , when managing MSYS2 itself , standard Unix tools can be used unmodified by using the emulated environment . It 's also possible to install build tools in the MSYS2 emulated environment in case the user wants to build software that depends on the POSIX emulation layer instead of the native API .
In addition , four environments are provided containing native compilers , build tools and libraries that can be directly used to build native Windows 32-bit or 64-bit programs . The final programs built with the two native environments do n't use any kind of emulation and can run or be distributed like native Windows programs . The environments are MINGW64 and MINGW32 ( the original MinGW-w64 environments using gcc , msvcrt , and libstdc++ ) , UCRT64 ( adaptation of MINGW64 to ucrt ) , and CLANG64 ( adaptation of UCRT64 to clang and libc++ ) . While Cygwin also provides MinGW-w64 compilers and libraries , the set of available libraries is smaller , and they are not as easily managed due to not being placed in separate prefixes .
The main MSYS2 environment provides a package manager ( Pacman from Arch Linux ) , a bash shell , and other Unix programs . It uses a runtime library msys-2.0.dll ( ~20MB ) that is derived from the Cygwin library cygwin1.dll , and is updated regularly to keep track of the Cygwin development . It is intended as a development environment , one that developers can manage ( using pacman ) and run their tools with . Features judged unnecessary for development are removed .
As with Cygwin , MSYS2 supports path translation for non-MSYS2 software launched from it . For example one can use the command to launch an editor that will open the file with the Windows path .
MSYS2 and its bash environment is used by Git and GNU Octave for their official Windows distribution .
Compiler
Most languages supported by GCC are supported on the Mingw-w64 port as well . These include C , C++ , Objective-C , Objective-C++ , Fortran , and Ada . The GCC runtime libraries are used ( libstdc++ for C++ , libgfortran for Fortran , etc. ) . A packaging of LLVM 's clang to mingw-w64 is also provided by MSYS2 . It supports ARM for Windows ( and ) .
Binaries ( executables or DLLs ) generated with different C++ compilers ( like Mingw-w64 GCC and Visual Studio ) are in general not link compatible due to the use of different ABIs and name mangling schemes caused by the differences in C++ runtimes . However , compiled C code is link compatible . Clang is an exception , as it mostly supports MSVC 's C++ ABI on Windows .
The binutils documentation has up-to-date information about its handling of various windows-specific formats and special tools for doing so .
References
External links
MSYS2
MXE - Makefiles to build MinGW on Unix and many common dependencies libraries targeting Win32/64 , pre-built packages available
2005 software
C ( programming language ) compilers
C++ compilers
Cross-compilers
Fortran compilers
Free compilers and interpreters
Public-domain software
Welton Felipe Marcos Soares ( born June 15 , 1986 ) is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for Mirassol .
Welton Felipe began his professional career with Clube Atlético Mineiro . In 2012 , he was loaned to Boa Esporte Clube where he played in Campeonato Brasileiro Série B .
References
External links
CBF
1986 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Vitória Futebol Clube ( ES ) players
Atlético Clube Goianiense players
Avaí FC players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Boa Esporte Clube players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Expatriate footballers in China
Changchun Yatai F.C . players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Sportspeople from Belo Horizonte
Association football defenders
The constellation model is a probabilistic , generative model for category-level object recognition in computer vision . Like other part-based models , the constellation model attempts to represent an object class by a set of N parts under mutual geometric constraints . Because it considers the geometric relationship between different parts , the constellation model differs significantly from appearance-only , or `` bag-of-words '' representation models , which explicitly disregard the location of image features .
The problem of defining a generative model for object recognition is difficult . The task becomes significantly complicated by factors such as background clutter , occlusion , and variations in viewpoint , illumination , and scale . Ideally , we would like the particular representation we choose to be robust to as many of these factors as possible .
In category-level recognition , the problem is even more challenging because of the fundamental problem of intra-class variation . Even if two objects belong to the same visual category , their appearances may be significantly different . However , for structured objects such as cars , bicycles , and people , separate instances of objects from the same category are subject to similar geometric constraints . For this reason , particular parts of an object such as the headlights or tires of a car still have consistent appearances and relative positions . The Constellation Model takes advantage of this fact by explicitly modeling the relative location , relative scale , and appearance of these parts for a particular object category . Model parameters are estimated using an unsupervised learning algorithm , meaning that the visual concept of an object class can be extracted from an unlabeled set of training images , even if that set contains `` junk '' images or instances of objects from multiple categories . It can also account for the absence of model parts due to appearance variability , occlusion , clutter , or detector error .
History
The idea for a `` parts and structure '' model was originally introduced by Fischler and Elschlager in 1973 . This model has since been built upon and extended in many directions . The Constellation Model , as introduced by Dr. Perona and his colleagues , was a probabilistic adaptation of this approach .
In the late '90s , Burl et al . revisited the Fischler and Elschlager model for the purpose of face recognition . In their work , Burl et al . used manual selection of constellation parts in training images to construct a statistical model for a set of detectors and the relative locations at which they should be applied . In 2000 , Weber et al . made the significant step of training the model using a more unsupervised learning process , which precluded the necessity for tedious hand-labeling of parts . Their algorithm was particularly remarkable because it performed well even on cluttered and occluded image data . Fergus et al . then improved upon this model by making the learning step fully unsupervised , having both shape and appearance learned simultaneously , and accounting explicitly for the relative scale of parts .
The method of Weber and Welling et al .
In the first step , a standard interest point detection method , such as Harris corner detection , is used to generate interest points . Image features generated from the vicinity of these points are then clustered using k-means or another appropriate algorithm . In this process of vector quantization , one can think of the centroids of these clusters as being representative of the appearance of distinctive object parts . Appropriate feature detectors are then trained using these clusters , which can be used to obtain a set of candidate parts from images .
As a result of this process , each image can now be represented as a set of parts . Each part has a type , corresponding to one of the aforementioned appearance clusters , as well as a location in the image space .
Basic generative model
Weber & Welling here introduce the concept of foreground and background . Foreground parts correspond to an instance of a target object class , whereas background parts correspond to background clutter or false detections .
Let T be the number of different types of parts . The positions of all parts extracted from an image can then be represented in the following `` matrix , ''
where represents the number of parts of type observed in the image . The superscript o indicates that these positions are observable , as opposed to missing . The positions of unobserved object parts can be represented by the vector . Suppose that the object will be composed of distinct foreground parts . For notational simplicity , we assume here that , though the model can be generalized to . A hypothesis is then defined as a set of indices , with , indicating that point is a foreground point in . The generative probabilistic model is defined through the joint probability density .
Model details
The rest of this section summarizes the details of Weber & Welling 's model for a single component model . The formulas for multiple component models are extensions of those described here .
To parametrize the joint probability density , Weber & Welling introduce the auxiliary variables and , where is a binary vector encoding the presence/absence of parts in detection ( if , otherwise ) , and is a vector where denotes the number of background candidates included in the row of . Since and are completely determined by and the size of , we have . By decomposition ,
The probability density over the number of background detections can be modeled by a Poisson distribution ,
where is the average number of background detections of type per image .
Depending on the number of parts , the probability can be modeled either as an explicit table of length , or , if is large , as independent probabilities , each governing the presence of an individual part .
The density is modeled by
where denotes the set of all hypotheses consistent with and , and denotes the total number of detections of parts of type . This expresses the fact that all consistent hypotheses , of which there are , are equally likely in the absence of information on part locations .
And finally ,
where are the coordinates of all foreground detections , observed and missing , and represents the coordinates of the background detections . Note that foreground detections are assumed to be independent of the background . is modeled as a joint Gaussian with mean and covariance .
Classification
The ultimate objective of this model is to classify images into classes `` object present '' ( class ) and `` object absent '' ( class ) given the observation . To accomplish this , Weber & Welling run part detectors from the learning step exhaustively over the image , examining different combinations of detections . If occlusion is considered , then combinations with missing detections are also permitted . The goal is then to select the class with maximum a posteriori probability , by considering the ratio
where denotes the null hypothesis , which explains all parts as background noise . In the numerator , the sum includes all hypotheses , including the null hypothesis , whereas in the denominator , the only hypothesis consistent with the absence of an object is the null hypothesis . In practice , some threshold can be defined such that , if the ratio exceeds that threshold , we then consider an instance of an object to be detected .
Model learning
After the preliminary step of interest point detection , feature generation and clustering , we have a large set of candidate parts over the training images . To learn the model , Weber & Welling first perform a greedy search over possible model configurations , or equivalently , over potential subsets of the candidate parts . This is done in an iterative fashion , starting with random selection . At subsequent iterations , parts in the model are randomly substituted , the model parameters are estimated , and the performance is assessed . The process is complete when further model performance improvements are no longer possible .
At each iteration , the model parameters
are estimated using expectation maximization . and , we recall , are the mean and covariance of the joint Gaussian , is the probability distribution governing the binary presence/absence of parts , and is the mean number of background detections over part types .
M-step
EM proceeds by maximizing the likelihood of the observed data ,
with respect to the model parameters . Since this is difficult to achieve analytically , EM iteratively maximizes a sequence of cost functions ,
Taking the derivative of this with respect to the parameters and equating to zero produces the update rules :
E-step
The update rules in the M-step are expressed in terms of sufficient statistics , , , and , which are calculated in the E-step by considering the posterior density :
The method of Fergus et al .
In Weber et al. , shape and appearance models are constructed separately . Once the set of candidate parts had been selected , shape is learned independently of appearance . The innovation of Fergus et al . is to learn not only two , but three model parameters simultaneously : shape , appearance , and relative scale . Each of these parameters are represented by Gaussian densities .
Feature representation
Whereas the preliminary step in the Weber et al . method is to search for the locations of interest points , Fergus et al . use the detector of Kadir and Brady to find salient regions in the image over both location ( center ) and scale ( radius ) . Thus , in addition to location information this method also extracts associated scale information . Fergus et al . then normalize the squares bounding these circular regions to 11 x 11 pixel patches , or equivalently , 121-dimensional vectors in the appearance space . These are then reduced to 10-15 dimensions by principal component analysis , giving the appearance information .
Model structure
Given a particular object class model with parameters , we must decide whether or not a new image contains an instance of that class . This is accomplished by making a Bayesian decision ,
where is the background model . This ratio is compared to a threshold to determine object presence/absence .
The likelihoods are factored as follows :
Appearance
Each part has an appearance modeled by a Gaussian density in the appearance space , with mean and covariance parameters , independent of other parts ' densities . The background model has parameters . Fergus et al . assume that , given detected features , the position and appearance of those features are independent . Thus , . The ratio of the appearance terms reduces to
Recall from Weber et al . that is the hypothesis for the indices of foreground parts , and is the binary vector giving the occlusion state of each part in the hypothesis .
Shape
Shape is represented by a joint Gaussian density of part locations within a particular hypothesis , after those parts have been transformed into a scale-invariant space . This transformation precludes the need to perform an exhaustive search over scale . The Gaussian density has parameters . The background model is assumed to be a uniform distribution over the image , which has area . Letting is the number of foreground parts ,
Relative scale
The scale of each part relative to a reference frame is modeled by a Gaussian density with parameters . Each part is assumed to be independent of other parts . The background model assumes a uniform distribution over scale , within a range .
Occlusion and statistics of feature detection
The first factor models the number of features detected using a Poisson distribution , which has mean M. The second factor serves as a `` book-keeping '' factor for the hypothesis variable . The last factor is a probability table for all possible occlusion patterns .
Learning
The task of learning the model parameters is accomplished by expectation maximization . This is carried out in a spirit similar to that of Weber et al . Details and formulas for the E-step and M-step can be seen in the literature .
Performance
The Constellation Model as conceived by Fergus et al . achieves successful categorization rates consistently above 90 % on large datasets of motorbikes , faces , airplanes , and spotted cats . For each of these datasets , the Constellation Model is able to capture the `` essence '' of the object class in terms of appearance and/or shape . For example , face and motorbike datasets generate very tight shape models because objects in those categories have very well-defined structure , whereas spotted cats vary significantly in pose , but have a very distinctive spotted appearance . Thus , the model succeeds in both cases . It is important to note that the Constellation Model does not generally account for significant changes in orientation . Thus , if the model is trained on images of horizontal airplanes , it will not perform well on , for instance , images of vertically oriented planes unless the model is extended to account for this sort of rotation explicitly .
In terms of computational complexity , the Constellation Model is very expensive . If is the number of feature detections in the image , and the number of parts in the object model , then the hypothesis space is . Because the computation of sufficient statistics in the E-step of expectation maximization necessitates evaluating the likelihood for every hypothesis , learning becomes a major bottleneck operation . For this reason , only values of have been used in practical applications , and the number of feature detections is usually kept within the range of about 20-30 per image .
Variations
One variation that attempts to reduce complexity is the star model proposed by Fergus et al . The reduced dependencies of this model allows for learning in time instead of . This allows for a greater number of model parts and image features to be used in training . Because the star model has fewer parameters , it is also better at avoiding the problem of over-fitting when trained on fewer images .
References
External links
L. Fei-fei . Object categorization : the constellation models . Lecture Slides . ( 2005 ) ( link not working )
See also
Part-based models
One-shot learning
Learning in computer vision
Probabilistic models
The first season of Degrassi Junior High , a Canadian teen drama television series , aired in Canada from January 18 , 1987 to May 3 , 1987 , consisting of thirteen episodes . The series follows the lives of a group of seventh and eighth grade school children attending the titular school as they face various issues and challenges such as child abuse , homophobia , teenage pregnancy , and body image . Filming for the season began on 8–10 July 1986 in Etobicoke , Ontario and wrapped in the winter of 1986 .
The first season was broadcast on CBC Television on Sundays at 5:00pm . In the United States , the first season commenced airing on September 26 , 1987 on PBS . In the United States , the first two seasons of the series were aired together as one twenty-six episode seasons . The season was released to DVD by WGBH Boston Home Video on February 1 , 2005 in the United States , and by Force Entertainment on October 1 , 2005 in Australia .
The season received a positive reception from critics , who acclaimed it as a realistic portrayal of teenagers that contrasted heavily with more moralistic , family-oriented programs of the time period . The episode `` It 's Late '' , where character Christine `` Spike '' Nelson becomes pregnant , would win an International Emmy for Children & Young People in November 1987 . On the BBC in the United Kingdom , several episodes , including `` It 's Late '' , and `` Rumour Has It '' , an episode about rumors of a teacher 's homosexuality , were banned from airing , with the network ultimately not airing its second and third seasons ..
Production
Schoolteacher Linda Schuyler and her partner Kit Hood founded the company Playing With Time , Inc. in 1976 , to produce short films and documentaries . In the late 1970s and early 1980s , Playing With Time produced a series of annual short films for CBC Television , beginning with 1979 's Ida Makes a Movie , that implored the network to order a television series , which became known as The Kids of Degrassi Street . The series won several accolades during its run , including an International Emmy in 1986 . Work on a series centering on a junior high school began in the early months of that year .
Auditions took place throughout schools in Toronto ; an estimated 300 kids auditioned and fifty-four were selected . The selected fifty-four would undergo a three-week workshop , that took place from 26 May to 13 June 1986 , which helped them learn basic acting skills , techniques and improvisation and also included seminars in the behind-the-scenes aspects of production . The workshops would be repeated at the beginning of production for each season , as new cast members joined , and existing cast members underwent more advanced workshops . Characters would be developed based on the strengths of the actors and those who did exceptionally well would be given bigger roles . The actors comprised The Playing With Time Repertory Company which at its peak consisted of sixty-five kids . According to actress Stacie Mistysyn , who had previously starred on Kids as Lisa Canard and would return as Caitlin Ryan , the actors of Kids were offered a choice between playing new characters , or reprising their original roles ; all except one actor chose to play new characters .
Schuyler and Hood saw Degrassi Junior High as a response to what they felt was a lack of television series that properly depicted teenagers , with the pair as well as critics citing family-oriented moralistic shows . Furthermore , Schuyler expressed dissatisfaction at the practice of casting older people to play teenagers prevalent in American teen media , and sought to cast real , inexperienced teenagers instead .
Broadcast
Canada
Degrassi Junior High premiered on January 18 , 1987 on CBC , airing at 5:00pm on Sundays . Critics who praised the show criticized the timeslot , feeling that the show deserved higher visibility . As a result , the series was moved to Mondays at 7:30pm , and then later a prime time slot at 8:30pm at the behest of Ivan Fecan , then the programming chief of CBC , who greatly acclaimed the series and wished he had `` '' 20 more shows like it '' . Re-runs of the first season began airing in the Monday 8:30pm slot on September 28 , 1987 , until the premiere of the second season .
International
In the United States , the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) debuted the series on September 26 , 1987 , airing at 7:00pm on Saturdays . It debuted on WNET in New York City four days earlier , on September 22 , airing at 6:00pm on Tuesdays . Both the first and second seasons were combined into one 26-episode season for the American market . In the United Kingdom , the show debuted BBC One at 5:05pm on April 5 , 1988 , airing on Wednesdays . However , several of its episodes , including `` It 's Late '' ( in which Spike finds out she is pregnant ) and `` Rumour Has It '' ( in which Caitlin questions her sexuality ) were not aired on BBC One after parents allegedly complained that their content was `` too strong '' for children , and were instead aired at a 6pm timeslot on the BBC Two 's DEF II programming strand . Ultimately , the second and third seasons were not aired in the United Kingdom , although actress Amanda Stepto would make promotional appearances in the UK in 1988 to promote the home video releases of the banned episodes . In Australia , the first season debuted on ABC TV on 8 February 1988 , as part of The Afternoon Show hosted by James Valentine , where it aired on Mondays at 5:00pm .
Critical reception
The first season was positively received by critics , who hailed it as a refreshingly realistic portrayal of teenage youth in contrast to other programs of the time . Critics felt that the series had successfully addressed adolescent issues while avoiding the `` preachiness '' of other socially-conscious television series , while also noting its balance of comedy with drama . Writing for the Times Colonist , Robert James said that Degrassi `` is a place where there are no TV super dads , just a bunch of kids coping with the problems of growing up '' . Andrew Mickel of Den of Geek , reviewing its UK DVD release in 2007 , rated it four out of five stars , stated that the show `` more than holds up after twenty years '' and said that despite the newer series addressing `` harder-hitting '' issues , the lengths the producers went for the original series made it `` much more of a labour of love '' .
Episodes
Home media
The season was released to DVD by WGBH Boston Home Video on February 1 , 2005 in the United States , and by Force Entertainment on October 1 , 2005 in Australia .
References
Sources
1987 Canadian television seasons
`` Take Her Back '' is the fifth single released by British indie band The Pigeon Detectives from their début album Wait For Me . It was released on 13 August 2007 . It became the band 's third straight UK Top 20 single , peaking at No . 20 in the UK Singles Chart .
The song is about age difference in relationships , matching the 22-year-old protagonist alternately with a 17-year-old and a 31-year-old .
Track listing
CD DTTR034CD
Take Her Back
Would n't Believe It ( full version )
Left Alone ( live at Leeds Town Hall )
7 '' version 1 DTTR034
Take Her Back
Statik Back
7 '' version 2 DTTR034VL
Take Her Back
Take Her Back ( live at Leeds Town Hall )
Charts
Certifications
References
2006 songs
2007 singles
The Pigeon Detectives songs
Kopce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The village has a population of 28 .
References
Kopce
Benton County is located in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Indiana , along the border with Illinois . As of 2010 , the county 's population was 8,854 . It contains six incorporated towns as well as several small unincorporated settlements ; it is divided into 11 townships which provide local services . The county seat is Fowler .
Benton County is part of the Lafayette , Indiana , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The lands of present NW Indiana were explored by French explorer Robert de LaSalle . At that time the area was inhabited by the Miami Confederation of Indians . Through White settlement , encroachment , and confrontation , the various indigenous groups were forced to cede their claim to the area . In October 1818 , the Pottawattamies , Weas , and Delawares ceded their lands west of the Tippecanoe River to the government . In a treaty dated 23 October 1826 , the Pottawattamie and Miamis ceded all their lands east of the Tippecanoe . A treaty dated 26 October 1832 with the Pottawattamie ceded control of the northwestern part of Indiana ; on 27 October the Pottawattamie of Indiana and Michigan also relinquished all claim to any remaining land in those states .
Before 1832 this area was not open to settlement ; previous settlers had taken the southern parts of Ohio , Indiana and Illinois . Northwestern Indiana was also less desirable for farming , being described as alternate swamps , sterile sand ridges and flat , wet prairies , although it did proliferate in game .
A state legislative act dated 7 February 1835 created two counties in this area , Newton and Jasper . The county governments were not created at that time and the counties were attached to White County for administrative purposes . The Jasper County organization was effected beginning 15 March 1838 . On 18 February 1840 , the county of Benton was formed from Jasper 's area . It was named for Thomas H. Benton ( D ) , U.S . Senator from Missouri . The original county seat selected in 1843 was Oxford , but after a long struggle between contending factions it was moved to Fowler in 1874 .
Courthouse
The current Benton County courthouse , located in Fowler , was designed by Gordon P. Randall of Chicago and built in 1874 by Levi L. Leach at a cost of $ 62,257 . The new courthouse was an impressive building from an architectural standpoint , but also provided much-needed improvements in security , including large fire-proof vaults . Randall had designed the Marshall County courthouse a few years earlier .
Economy
In 2008 the Benton County Wind Farm began operating with 87 1.5 MW wind turbines . Duke Energy purchases electricity from the wind farm and sells it to customers through its GoGreen program .
In 2009 the Fowler Ridge Wind Farm opened nearby , giving Benton County one of the largest concentrations of wind turbines in the United States east of the Mississippi River .
Geography
Benton County lies along the state 's western border with Illinois . It consists of low rolling hills , with all available terrain devoted to agriculture or development . Data gathered from space shuttle measurements list the county 's lowest elevation as 138 meters ( 453 feet ) and its highest elevation as 240 meters ( 787 feet ) . However , a knoll 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) NNW of Boswell is shown on official topographic maps as 915 feet ( 279 meters ) ASL .
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.98 % ) is land and ( or 0.02 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Newton County - northwest
Jasper County - northeast
White County - east
Tippecanoe County - southeast
Warren County - south
Vermilion County , Illinois - southwest
Iroquois County , Illinois - west
Cities and towns
Fowler
Otterbein ( west half )
Oxford
Boswell
Earl Park
Ambia
Unincorporated towns
Atkinson
Barce
Chase
Dunnington
Fargo
Foresman
Free
Freeland Park
Gravel Hill
Handy
Lochiel
Powley Corners ( partial )
Raub
Swanington
Talbot
Templeton
Wadena
Extinct towns
Dunn
Sheff
Townships
Bolivar
Center
Gilboa
Grant
Hickory Grove
Oak Grove
Parish Grove
Pine
Richland
Union
York
Major highways
U.S. Route 52
U.S. Route 41
State Road 18
State Road 55
State Road 71
State Road 352
Railroads
beeline Railroad
Kankakee , Beaverville and Southern Railroad
Education
The county 's four public schools are administered by the Benton Community School Corporation .
Benton Central Junior-Senior High School
Boswell Elementary School ( closed at end of May 2021 )
Otterbein Elementary School
Prairie Crossing Elementary School
Sacred Heart Elementary , the county 's only parochial school
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Fowler have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1995 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code . The county council is the legislative branch of the county government , controlling spending and revenue collection . Representatives , elected to staggered four-year terms from county districts , determine salaries , the annual budget and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes and service taxes . In 2010 , the county budgeted approximately $ 5 million for the district 's schools and $ 2.8 million for other county operations and services , for a total annual budget of approximately $ 7.8 million .
The Board of Commissioners is the county 's executive body . They are elected countywide , in staggered four-year terms . One commissioner serves as Board President . The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue and managing day-to-day functions of the county government .
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The court judge is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor and circuit court clerk . They are elected to four-year terms . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county .
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service , provides poor relief and manages cemetery care , among other duties . The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board . The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms .
Benton County is in Indiana 's 4th Congressional District , represented by Jim Baird in the United States Congress . It is part of Indiana Senate district 6 and Indiana House of Representatives district 13 . It had previously been part of House District 15 .
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 8,719 people and 3,432 households in the county . The population density was . There were 3,939 housing units . The racial makeup of the county was 92.1 % White , 1.1 % Black or African American , 0.2 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian or Native Alaskan , 0.1 % Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander , and 1.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 25.6 % were German , 12.9 % were Irish , 5.4 % were English , and 5.2 % were French ( not Basque ) .
Of the 3,432 households , 31.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them . The average household size was 2.49 . The median age was 40.5years . Of the total population , 18.5 % have a visual or non-visual disability .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 49,488 and the median income for a family was $ 57,131 and $ 32,055 for nonfamily households . The per capita income for the county was $ 25,187 . Additionally , 13.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.4 % of those under age 18 and 5.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Of the total 2020 population , 6.5 % of were veterans . Regarding educational attainment , 42.8 % earned a high school diploma or equivalent and 16.1 % a bachelor 's degree or higher . Of those employed , 20.4 % work in education , health care and social services ; 19.9 % work in manufacturing , 10.1 % work in retail , and 8.6 % work in agriculture , forestry , fishing , hunting or mining . Finally , 35.4 % of science , technology , engineering and math jobs are held by females .
In Benton County , there were 3,783 housing units and 74 % of the population owned homes in 2020 with 23.1 % of the housing stock occupied by renters .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Benton County , Indiana
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Benton 4 Business ( economic development )
Official County website
Indiana counties
1840 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1840
Lafayette metropolitan area , Indiana
Sundown towns in Indiana
Charles Whittlesey ( 3 November 1807 – 17 January 1863 ) was an American politician .
Whittlesey , a farmer , was born in New York City on 3 November 1807 . He married Mary Tuthill in New York on his thirtieth birthday . Whittlesey then moved to Cedar County , Iowa , and served on the Iowa Legislative Assembly from 12 November 1838 to 1 November 1840 . He was affiliated with the Whig Party and represented Iowa Council District 6 . In later life , Whittlesey returned to New York , where he died on 17 January 1863 .
References
1863 deaths
1807 births
Politicians from New York City
Members of the Iowa Territorial Legislature
Iowa Whigs
People from Cedar County , Iowa
Farmers from New York ( state )
19th-century American politicians
Farmers from Iowa
Moghrar ( ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria . It is the district seat the Moghrar District and has a population of 2,796 , which gives it 11 seats in the PMA . Its municipal code is 4506
Two distinct oases are to be considered : Moghrar Foukani or higher Moghrar , on the Algerian National Highway number 6 , the chief town ; and Moghrar Tahtani or lower Moghrar located 15 km northeast of the first locality .
Postal codes
It has several postal codes for its various boroughs :
Moghrar : 45230
Moghrar Fougani ( Upper Moghrar ) : 45231
Moghrar Tahtani ( Lower Moghrar ) : 45232
Geography
Moghrar is located in the Ksour Range , western part of the Saharan Atlas on the western borders of Algeria , near the Moroccan border . Moghrar is limited to the north by Djebel Cheracher ; to the east by Djebel Boulerhad and to the south-east by Djebel El Haïmeur , and by Djebel Touzamet the limit to the south .
The Moghrar valley has a large drainage basin draining the entire region of Ain Sefra .
It has a dry Saharan climate ( about 100 mm / year ) with a cold winter and winds that blow frequently from south-west to north-west . is in winter and spring . The vegetation surrounding the palm grove is a steppe .
Oases of Moghrar
The oases Moghrar Foukani and Moghrar Tahtani are characterized by regs , hamadas and wadis more or less dry . The two oases have more than sixty wells for the irrigation of the gardens of the palm grove . In addition , there is also the exploitation of the traditional system of foggaras sources ( or foggara of Al Ain in Arabic ) allowing a rational use of water . The foggaras are still functional and there are two of them .
Oued Moghrar
Oued Moghrar flows south and joins Oued Rhoubia which extends south to form Oued Namous with another tributary Oued Smar with many smaller wadis that arrive from the southern foothills of the Ksour Range .
History
Man has been living in the area for a long time . There is a rock station at Moghrar Tahtani .
The ksar of this same city was the fief of an illustrious resistant to the French penetration in Algeria , Cheikh Bouamama .
Flora and fauna
The flora is represented by the varieties of date palms Feggous and Aghrass , well preserved here while they have practically disappeared elsewhere . These varieties have the ability to be naturally preserved , exposed to the open air for a year .
We also note the presence of the following species : Hammada Scoparia , Retama raetum , Ephedra alata , Samolus valerandi and , at the edge of seguias or irrigation ditches , Adiantum capillus veneris .
As for the fauna , it is a refuge zone for gazelles and outardes houbaras .
Among the ornithological species that characterize theregion , we find : the Red crossbill Loxia curvirostra , the Common wood pigeon Columba palumbus , the Blue rock thrush Monticola solitarius , the Bee-eater Merops apiaster , the Hoopoe Upupa epops , the Short-toed snake eagle Circaetus gallicus , the Bonelli 's Eagle Hieraêtus fasciatus , the Bearded vulture Cypaetus barbatus , and the Partridge Alectoris spatzi .
The migratory species are Woodchat shrike ( Lanius senator ) , Orphean warbler ( Sylvia hortensis ) , Bonelli 's warbler ( Phylloscopus bonelli ) ,
Gray flycatcher ( Empidonax wrightii ) , the cuckoo , the turtledove .
According to the rock carvings of the region , the wildlife included Harte antelope , the gazelle , the antelope addax , the bee and the ostrich .
Tourism
Tourism is currently underdeveloped but there is potential .
In addition to the palm grove and its irrigation system by foggaras , and the secular ksars , there is a rock carvings station at Moghrar Tahtani , a modest museum of prehistory as well as the zaouia of Sheikh Bouamama .
References
Populated places in Naâma Province
Andrew Kratzmann and Mark Kratzmann were the defending champions , but did not participate this year .
Jim Courier and Patrick Rafter won the title , defeating Byron Black and Grant Connell 7–6 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde ( semifinals )
Patrick Galbraith / Jonathan Stark ( quarterfinals )
Byron Black / Grant Connell ( final )
David Adams / Wayne Ferreira ( first round )
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Next Generation Adelaide International
1995 ATP Tour
1995 in Australian tennis
WACB ( 860 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Taylorsville , North Carolina , United States . The station is owned by Apple City Broadcasting Co .
References
External links
ACB
Radio stations established in 1972
The Argentina women 's national basketball team , nicknamed `` Las Gigantes '' ( `` The Giantesses '' ) , is administered by the Argentine Basketball Federation .
Competition results
FIBA World Championship
Pan American Games
FIBA Americas Championship
South American Championship
Current roster
Roster for the 2021 FIBA Women 's AmeriCup .
References
External links
FIBA profile
Archived records of Argentina team participations
Women 's national basketball teams in South America
national
Tun Arshad bin Ayub ( ; 15 November 1928 – 14 June 2022 ) was a Malaysian academician and educator . He served as the Pro-Chancellor of the Universiti Teknologi MARA ( UiTM ) from 2000 to his death in 2022 . He was widely known as the national education icon .
Early life and education
Arshad was born in Muar , Johor , on 15 November 1928 , in a family of moderate rubber tappers . He was the eldest son , and he was brought up in an atmosphere of hardship and poverty . After the death of his parents , he was assigned the responsibility of raising his four siblings .
Arshad received his primary education at Sekolah Kebangsaan Parit Keroma , Muar , Johor . He received his secondary education at the Muar High School , Johor . Subsequently , he attended the University of Malaya , Singapore ( present day National University of Singapore ) from 1949 to 1951 . He received Diploma in Agriculture from the College of Agriculture , Serdang , Selangor ( present day University of Putra Malaysia ) in 1954 . The previous year , he had been awarded a Colonial and Development scholarship to study at the University of Wales , Aberystwyth , UK ( present day Aberystwyth University ) . He graduated there with an honours degree in Economics and Statistics in 1958 . In 1964 , he obtained a diploma in Business Administration from the Management Development Institute , Lausanne ( present day International Institute for Management Development ) . He was a Member of the Aberystwyth Old Students ' Association and was elected as President ( 2001–02 ) .
Career
Arshad was Pro-Chancellor of the Universiti Teknologi MARA ( UiTM ) from 2000 to his death in 2022 . He was also Chairman of PFM Capital Propriety Limited , Chairman of AmanahRaya Investment Bank Limited and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the University of Malaya .
Honours
:
Companion of the Order of the Defender of the Realm ( JMN ) ( 1971 )
Commander of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia ( PSM ) – Tan Sri ( 1980 )
Grand Commander of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia ( SSM ) – Tun ( 2020 )
:
Commander of the Order of Kinabalu ( PGDK ) – Datuk
Knight Companion of the Order of Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang ( DSAP ) – Dato '
:
Knight Commander of the Order of the Crown of Terengganu ( DPMT ) – Dato '
:
Knight Grand Commander of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Kelantan ( SPSK ) – Dato '
:
Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Crown of Perlis ( SPMP ) - Dato ' Seri ( 1974 )
:
Knight Commander of the Order of the Crown of Johor ( DPMJ ) – Dato '
:
Knight Commander of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of Sarawak ( PNBS ) – Dato Sri ( 2007 )
:
Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Crown of Selangor ( SPMS ) – Dato ' Seri ( 2009 )
:
Principal Grand Knight of the Order of Loyalty to Negeri Sembilan ( SUNS ) – Dato ' Seri Utama ( 2013 )
References
1928 births
2022 deaths
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Universiti Teknologi MARA faculty
People from Johor
University of Malaya alumni
Alumni of the University of Wales
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Commanders of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Grand Commanders of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Knights Commander of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of Sarawak
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Crown of Selangor
Commanders of the Order of Kinabalu
Companions of the Order of the Defender of the Realm
Knights Commander of the Order of the Crown of Terengganu
Knights Commander of the Order of the Crown of Johor
Tecnifibre is a French manufacturer of sporting equipment , specializing in tennis and squash . It was founded in 1979 by the current CEO Thierry Maissant . Throughout its development , Tecnifibre has built itself a worldwide reputation in the tennis and squash market , releasing rackets , bags , strings , apparel and other accessories . Lacoste announced on 31 August 2017 acquisition of an 80 % stake in the capital of Major Sports and became the owner of Tecnifibre on 1 October .
History
Tecnifibre first became known for its expertise in strings , especially in multifilament , thanks to a unique technology : the “ PU400 Inside ” . In 2004 , Tecnifibre decided to launch its own range of rackets for competitors . Tecnifibre is also very active in squash .
Products
Tennis rackets
T-Fight ISO
T-Fight RS
TF40
TF-X1 ( previously T-Flash )
Tempo ( previously T-Rebound )
Tennis strings
[ COPOLYESTER ] :
Black Code
Black Code 4S
Ice Code
Razor Code
Pro Red Code
Pro Red Code Wax
[ MULTIFILAMENT ] :
NRG2
X-One Biphase
Multifeel
HDX Tour
[ HYBRID ] :
Duramix HD
Triax
Squash rackets
Carboflex ( 125 / 130 / 135 grams )
Suprem ( 125 / 130 / 135 grams )
Dynergy ( 125 / 130 / 135 grams )
Sponsorships
Tennis
Men
Daniil Medvedev
Nicolau Motilla
Janko Tipsarević
Devin Britton
Denis Istomin
Aljaz Bedene
Jérémy Chardy
Marius Copil
Filip Peliwo
John Millman
Arthur Rinderknech
Marc Polmans
Omar Jasika
Gregoire Barrere
Ze Zhang
Armel Rancezot
Hiroki Moriya
Mitchell Krueger
Nikola Ćirić
Axel Michon
Zhe Li
Dino Marcan
Maxime Authom
Daniel Cox
Robin Olin
Brian Michael Cernoch
Henrik Bengtsson
Jeroen Vanneste
Sabastian Lavie
Women
Iga Świątek
Elise Mertens
Mathilde Johansson
Maryna Zanevska
Emi Mutaguchi
Sachia Vickery
Elsa Jacquemot
Squash
Men
Alister Walker
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez
Wael El Hindi
Osama Khalifa
Mohamed El Shorbagy
Marwan El Shorbagy
Thierry Lincou
Grégoire Marche
Auguste Dussourd
Benjamin Aubert
Enzo Corigliano
Ramy Ashour
Nathan Lake
Richie Fallows
Ben Coleman
Alfredo Ávila
Farhan Zaman
Christopher Gordon
Andrew Douglas
Women
Nour El Sherbini
Heba El Torky
Habiba Mohamed
Nouran Gohar
Salma Hany
Mayar Hany
Mariam Metwally
Hania El Hammamy
Rowan Reda Araby
Jenny Duncalf
Victoria Lust
Alison Thomson
Olivia Blatchford
Dipika Pallikal
Notes
References
External links
Tennis equipment manufacturers
Sporting goods manufacturers of France
Companies based in Paris
Manufacturing companies established in 1979
French brands
French companies established in 1979
Sportswear brands
2017 mergers and acquisitions
Mactan Shrine , also known as Liberty Shrine , is a memorial park on the island of Mactan in Lapu-Lapu City , Cebu , Philippines . It hosts two monuments , namely the Magellan Monument , which is dedicated to Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan and the Lapu Lapu Monument , a bronze statue which commemorates Lapu Lapu , a native leader who defeated Spanish soldiers led by Magellan in the 1521 Battle of Mactan .
History
The Mactan Shrine in Lapu-Lapu City , Cebu was established in 1969 as national shrine through Republic Act No . 5695 during the administration of President Ferdinand Marcos . The site is believed to be the approximate location of the historic Battle of Mactan which saw the defeat of the Spaniards led by explorer Ferdinand Magellan against Lapu-Lapu the datu of Mactan and his forces . The legislation included the Magellan Monument a structure which was erected back in the Spanish colonial era in 1866 . Republic Act No . 5695 also mandated for a monument for Lapu Lapu , who is regarded as hero for his role in the historic battle in 1521 as well as the erection of a Liberty House , a facility which would exhibit memorabilia showcasing the Philippines ' history prior to the arrival of the Spanish . In 1981 , a bronze statue depicting Lapu-Lapu was erected within the shrine .
In National Historical Commission of the Philippines ( NHCP ) announced that it would improve the Mactan Shrine in 2019 . Reports of plans for the Lapu-Lapu statue received negative reception but the NHCP gave an assurance that the statue wo n't be relocated . The following year , the National Historical Commission of the Philippines ( NHCP ) as part of the National Quincentennial Committee which was formed to commemorate the 500 anniversary of the Battle of Mactan unveiled a design for a new Lapu-Lapu Shrine which and launched a design competition for a new Lapu-Lapu monument which will serve as a centerpiece of the structure . The NHCP also launched a bidding in relation to the restoration of the Magellan Shrine .
In preparation for the 2021 Quincentennial Commemorations in the Philippines , the conservation work was done on the Magellan Monument and the Lapulapu sculpture was repainted . Starting January 17 , 2021 , the mast at the shrine will permanently hoist the Philippine flag .
Monuments
Lapulapu Monument – A bronze statue depicting noted native leader , Lapu-Lapu
Magellan Monument – A stone obelisk built in 1866 dedicated to explorer Ferdinand Magellan who is noted for leading the majority of the first circumnavigation of the Earth .
Future monument and museum
The Lapu-Lapu Memorial Shrine and Museum is a proposed structure to built inside the Mactan Shrine . The structure will be built on the shore adjacent to the Mactan Shrine . A new Lapu-Lapu monument will be built inside the structure with the winning entry of a design competition to be used a basis for the monument 's design . The existing Lapu-Lapu statue will be kept intact . The groundbreaking is scheduled to take place on April 27 , 2021 .
References
Monuments and memorials in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Lapu-Lapu City
Tourist attractions in Cebu
Lapu-Lapu City
Parks in the Philippines
Karel Havlík ( 6 August 1944 – 17 November 2021 ) was a Czech politician . A member of KDU-ČSL , he was a minister without portfolio in the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1990 .
References
1944 births
2021 deaths
Czech politicians
KDU-ČSL Government ministers
People from Hodonín District
Oliver Charles Cotton ( born 20 June 1944 ) is an English actor , comedian and playwright , known for his prolific work on stage , TV and film . He remains best known for his role as Cesare Borgia in the BBC 's 1981 drama series The Borgias .
Early life
Cotton was born in London on 20 June 1944 , the son of Ester and Robert Norman Cotton . He trained at the Drama Centre , London .
Career
Cotton worked extensively at the National Theatre Company during the period when Sir Laurence Olivier was its artistic director . Cotton played leading roles in many productions including The Royal Hunt of the Sun , Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead , Much Ado in About Nothing , As You Like It , Peter Brook 's Oedipus , In His Own Write and many others .
At the Royal Court in London , Cotton has played leads in many productions including The Local Stigmatic , The Duchess of Malfi , Man is Man , The Tutor by Bertholt Brecht , Lear and Bingo by Edward Bond . He was a founder member of Joint Stock appearing in the company 's inaugural production The Speakers by Heathcote Williams .
For the Royal Shakespeare Company he has played leading roles in Granville Barker 's The Marrying of Ann Leete , Henry VI , Edward IV , Richard III , The Plain Dealer , Some Americans Abroad by Richard Nelson , and as the Mayor in Brand by Ibsen in 2003 .
In the West End he has starred in The Homecoming by Harold Pinter , Children of A Lesser God by Mark Medoff , Benefactors by Michael Frayn , An Ideal Husband by Oscar Wilde , Life x 3 by Yasmina Reza ( RNT transfer ) , `` Passion Play '' ( by Peter Nichols ) . He also played King Lear at the Southwark Playhouse and performed as Malvolio in a ( historically correct all-male ) production Twelfth Night at the reconstruction of Shakespeare 's Globe . At the Old Vic , under the directorship of Kevin Spacey , he appeared as Seth Lord in The Philadelphia Story , as Northumberland in Richard II , and as Dr Finache in A Flea in Her Ear . In 2010 he played Henry IV in Shakespeare 's Henry IV at the Globe Theatre . At Chichester he has appeared as Jim Casy in The Grapes Of Wrath in 2009 and as Arturo Santaniello in The Syndicate . In 2012 , he played Victor Velasco in a major tour of Barefoot in the Park . In 2013 he played Jim in Passion Play by Peter Nichols at the Duke of York 's Theatre – and in 2014 starred as Billy in his own play Daytona at the Theatre Royal Haymarket .
His numerous TV appearances have included The Borgias ( Cesare Borgia ) , David Copperfield , The Year of The French , The Party , Room at the Bottom , Space:1999 , Redemption , Poirot , The Camomile Lawn , Westbeach , Sharpes Battle , Rhodes , All Quiet on the Preston Front , Innocents , Judge John Deed , Inspector Lynley , Waking The Dead , Murder Investigation Team , Beastly Games , Margaret , Money , Ripper Street and Lovejoy .
His films include Here We Go Round The Mulberry Bush , The Day Christ Died , Oliver Twist , Firefox , The Sicilian , Eleni , Hiding Out , Christopher Columbus , Son of the Pink Panther , The Innocent Sleep , Phoenix Blue , The Opium War , Beowulf , Baby Blue , The Dancer Upstairs , Shanghai Knights , Bone Hunter , Rain Dogs , Colour Me Kubrick , Pope Joan , The Dark Knight Rises , Tooting Broadway , A Long Time Coming .
Writing
For the stage his writing includes : The Enoch Show ( Royal Court ) , Scrabble ( National Theatre ) , Wet Weather Cover ( King 's Head & Arts Theatre ) , Daytona , Dessert , Sans Souci . His TV and film scripts include : A Touch of Frost , Diamond Geezer , Trace , The Intruder , Singing for Stalin , Sofa , Wet Weather Cover the Movie , Peeping Through and The English Game .
Filmography
Film
Television
Video game
References
External links
1944 births
Alumni of the Drama Centre London
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
Living people
Graham Corray Boettcher ( b . March 2 , 1973 ) is an American art curator who is the director of the Birmingham Museum of Art in Birmingham , Alabama .
Early life and education
Boettcher was born in Bellingham , Washington on March 2 , 1973 . He completed his bachelor of arts in German Studies at Yale University in 1995 . After completing a fellowship at the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth , Texas in 1998 , he earned a master of arts in Art History at the University of Washington in 1999 . He participated in a Terra Foundation Summer Residency in Giverny , France in 2001 , then returned to Yale for his Ph.D. in the History of Art , which he completed , following a term as a curatorial fellow at the Yale University Art Gallery , in 2006 .
Career
Boettcher came to the Birmingham Museum of Art in 2006 as a Luce Foundation Curatorial Fellow of American Art . He was named curator of American Art at the museum in 2008 . After completing a fellowship at the Center for Curatorial Leadership in 2014 he was promoted to chief curator , then to deputy director in 2016 , before succeeding Gail Trechsel as the 7th director of the museum in 2017 . Boettcher has also served as a trustee and officer of the Association of Art Museum Curators .
Publications
Boettcher , Graham C. ( 2012 ) The Look of Love : Eye Miniatures from the Skier Collection . Birmingham : Birmingham Museum of Art & London : D. Giles Ltd. ,
Boettcher , Graham C. ( 2015 ) `` The Artist 's Queen : John Trumbull 's 'Sarah Trumbull on Her Deathbed ' . '' Pursuing the American Vision . Yale University Art Gallery Bulletin , pp . 35-43
References
Citations
Other sources
Hellwig , Rachel ( June 22 , 2017 ) `` Telling an American story . '' Iron City Ink
Nelson , James R. ( March 16 , 2008 ) `` BMA 's small spaces exhibit rich rewards . '' Birmingham News
Pelfrey , David ( July 24 , 2008 ) `` Canvassing America . '' Black & White
Strickland , Susan ( August 10 , 2008 ) `` Birmingham Museum of Art . '' Birmingham News
Pelfrey , David ( March 22 , 2007 ) `` Prague Nights : The BMA hosts the first major exhibition of Czech modern art in the Southeast . '' Black & White
Poe , Kelly ( September 19 , 2017 ) `` Birmingham Museum of Art names new director . '' Birmingham News
External links
Graham C. Boettcher at the Birmingham Museum of Art
1973 births
Living people
American art curators
Directors of museums in the United States
People from Bellingham , Washington
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Yale University alumni
Varvan ( , also Romanized as Varvān ; also known as Barband ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 121 , in 34 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Nikolay Mikhailovich Potapov ( ) ( born March 2 , 1871 in Moscow - died 1946 , Moscow ) was a Russian and Soviet military commander and served as the Chief of the General Staff of the Soviet Army .
Biography
He was born to a state servants Orthodox family . In 1888 he graduated from the First Moscow Cadet Corps . In 1891 he graduated from the Mikhailov Artillery School and placed in the Life Guards 3rd Artillery Brigade . In 1897 he graduated from the Nikolaev Academy of the General Staff . On January 17 , 1898 he became the senior adjutant of the headquarters of the 38th Infantry Division . Since May 6 , 1898 he was the chief officer for instructions at the headquarters of the Warsaw Military District . He was commander of a company and served in the Life Guards Regiment of the Keksholm Regiment from 1898 to 1899 .
On March 18 , 1901 he was appointed to assistant military agent in Vienna . On June 10 , 1903 military agent in Montenegro . In 1912 he was promoted to General-Major . With the outbreak of World War I he remained in Montenegro , representing the Russian High command to the Montenegrin High Command .
In 1916 , he was recalled to Russia and on August 10 of the same year he was appointed head of the General Directorate of the General Staff ( GUGSH ) . On November 27 , 1916 , he was the head of the evacuation and administration of the prisoners of war of the State Security Service . After the February Revolution , on April 13 , 1917 , he was appointed Quartermaster-General of the GUGSH .
The well-known figure of the Bolshevik Party , Mikhail Sergeevich Kedrov , who knew Potapov since his youth , later recalled that `` after the July days , General Potapov , Assistant to the Chief of the General Staff and Quartermaster General , offered through me his services to the Military Organization of the Bolsheviks .
After the October Revolution he immediately began to cooperate with the Council of People 's Commissars and on November 23 , 1917 , was appointed chief of the General Staff until May 1918 .
Since December 1917 the manager of the affairs of the People 's Commissariat of Education .
In June–September 1918 he was a member of the Supreme Military Council . Since the summer of 1918 a permanent member , since June 4 , 1919 - Chairman of the Military Legislative Council under the Revolutionary Military Council ( RVS ) . Since November 19 , 1921 Assistant to Chief Inspector in the Vsevobuch . From July 1 , 1922 , Assistant Chief Officer of Vsevobuch . On March 1 , 1923 he was appointed to the head of practical classes on the French language of the Military Academy of the Red Army .
In 1922-25 , he participated in the Operation Trust of the GPU , the Soviet secret police , acting as the military leader of the Monarchist Organization of Central Russia , misinformed the leaders of the Russian All-Military Union regarding anti-Soviet sentiments at the top of the Red Army .
In February 1928 , RVS USSR was awarded a gold watch with the inscription `` Stable defender of the Proletarian Revolution from the Revolutionary Military Council of the USSR '' . In December 1930 , enlisted in the reserve , held various positions in the system of the State Military Publishing House . In June 1936 he was re-appointed to the Red Army cadres , he was appointed head of the Department of Translated Literature of the Office of the State Military Publishing House of the USSR NCO . July 21 , 1936 Potapov was awarded the rank of brigade commander .
On May 9 , 1938 he retired . He died in February 1946 in Moscow and was laid to rest at the Novodevichy Cemetery .
References
Imperial Russian Army generals
People of the Russian Civil War
Soviet kombrigs
Military personnel of the Russian Empire
Soviet military personnel
Russian military personnel of World War I
1871 births
1946 deaths
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Ledovskoy or Ledovskoi ( , from лёд meaning ice ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Ledovskaya ( ) . It may refer to
Tatyana Ledovskaya ( born 1966 ) , Russian hurdler
Russian-language surnames
Lashio Township ( ) is a township of Lashio District in the Shan State of eastern Burma . The principal town is Lashio located in Northern Shan State .
Lashio is famous by its natural resources . Its inhabitants belong to different ethnic groups such as Palaung , Wa , Chinese , Shan and Kachin people .
References
Townships of Shan State
A lamp harp is the component of a lamp to which the lamp shade is attached . It typically comes in two separate parts , a saddle which is fastened under the lamp socket , and the harp itself which consist of a lightweight frame attached to the saddle at its lower end and extending upwards to a point above the bulb . At the top of the harp is a threaded rod . The shade 's internal frame ( known as a spider ) mounts on this rod and is secured in place by a lamp finial . Common materials for harps include brass and nickel . The most common thread size is 1/4-27 .
References
Interior design
Light fixtures
Kitimat is a district municipality in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada . It is a member municipality of the Regional District of Kitimat–Stikine regional government . The Kitimat Valley is part of the most populous urban district in northwest British Columbia , which includes Terrace to the north along the Skeena River Valley . The city was planned and built by the Aluminum Company of Canada ( Alcan ) during the 1950s . Its post office was approved on June 6 , 1952 .
Kitimat 's municipal area is . It is located on tidewater in one of the few wide , flat valleys on the coast of British Columbia . The 2016 census recorded 8,131 citizens .
The District of Kitimat Development Services situates the port of Kitimat as an integral part of the Northwest Corridor connecting North America to the Pacific Ocean and the Pacific Rim .
History
`` Kitimat '' in the Tsimshian language refers to the Haisla First Nation as the `` People of the Snow '' . Before 1950 the Kitimat township was a small fishing village at the head of the Kitimat Arm of the Douglas Channel , a deepwater fjord .
The municipal town of Kitimat came into existence in 1951 after the Provincial Government of British Columbia invited Alcan to develop hydroelectric facilities to support one of the most power-intensive of all industries—the aluminum smelting industry . The company built a dam , tunnel , powerhouse , transmission line , a deep-sea terminal and smelter . The company also designed , laid out and assisted with the initial construction of the city . At the time , the combined development was considered `` the most expensive project ever attempted by private industry . ''
Alcan employed the services of city planner Clarence Stein in order to ensure the community design facilitated an environment that would attract and retain workers , although Alcan intended it to not be a company town . Today , Kitimat benefits from the quality of planning resulting from the Garden City design concept . Stein 's design kept industry well separated from the community with large areas for expansion . He also created looped streets surrounding an urban city centre mall and linked by over of walkways connecting to all areas of the community .
The substantial greenspace areas and future expansion concepts designed by Stein have been upheld to this day by the city planners , thereby resulting in a low-density settlement pattern interspersed with forested patches . Also , the Alcan-based city origin and land provenance remain documented in the form of restrictive covenants registered on title .
Economy
Aluminum producer Rio Tinto is the main employer in the municipality . Local government , schools , small manufacturing and service/retail are secondary contributors . Secondary core activities include engineering , import of petrochemical products ( methanol and condensate ) , and metal fabrication . Approximately $ 5 billion in manufacturing investment is anticipated in the 2010–2015 period with a further $ 5 billion-plus in the investigative stage over the next decade . Anticipated investment includes an approximately $ 2 billion modernization to the Rio Tinto Alcan facilities and $ 3 billion in the Kitimat liquefied natural gas export development on Haisla Industrial Land at Bish Creek . The export facility would see natural gas piped in from the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin ( particularly from shale gas developments such as the Montney and Horn River ) and shipped to Asian markets . The LNG Canada project , a joint venture between Shell and affiliates of Mitsubishi Corporation , Korea Gas Corporation and PetroChina would , if permitted , begin construction in 2015 of a gas pipeline from northeastern BC and a LNG export terminal with an expected lifespan of 30 years . The terminal , located on the Douglas Channel near the aluminum refinery , would be able to accommodate two LNG vessels at a time . Annual volume would be 24 million tonnes . In July 2014 the Financial Post reported that Apache Corp. will `` completely exit '' the Kitimat LNG mega-project planned for B.C . 's West Coast . The U.S. hedge fund Jana Partners LLC has pressured Houston-based Apache to sell its 50 % stake in the BC shale gas plays .
Pending energy projects that have identified Kitimat as a strategic gateway include Pacific Northern Gas ' Pacific Trail Pipeline ( federal and provincial environmental assessments issued ) and the Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines ( currently being reviewed by the National Energy Board ) .
Additional investigations into clean energy developments include a Kitimat port development project featuring break-bulk port facilities and consideration of the best uses for the former Eurocan Wharf . In addition , the decommissioning of the former Eurocan pulp and paper facilities or a slimmed down operation are still under consideration . There is also renewed interest in mineral development potential in the Kitimat area . The neighbouring community of Terrace is also in advanced stages of approval for a number of clean energy projects along with the associated infrastructure for linking those projects to the provincial electrical grid .
Air services for the community are provided through Northwest Regional Airport , with connections to Prince George , Smithers , and Vancouver .
Kemano hydroelectric project
In the 1920s , the provincial government of British Columbia extensively evaluated the province 's hydroelectric generating potential . In the late 1940s , the Canadian Government sought to tap the untapped resources of northwest British Columbia . All this led to the identification of the Eutsuk/Ootsa/Nechako River drainage basin as a potential site for a sizable reservoir . The potential of this vast system of rivers and lakes prompted British Columbia to invite Alcan to conduct a detailed investigation of the area . Alcan was searching for a site for a large aluminum smelter , an activity requiring vast amounts of electricity . Alcan concluded that the area was more than adequate to generate the required electricity , and decided to build a smelter there . The timing was right because the post-World War II boom saw a rising demand for aluminum .
Between 1951 and 1954 , after signing the agreement with the British Columbia government for land and water rights , Alcan undertook the Kitimat–Kemano Project , one of the most ambitious Canadian engineering projects of the 20th century . The project required not only building the Kenney Dam to reverse the Nechako River , but also boring a tunnel under Mt . Dubose , within the Coast Range , to the large hydroelectric Kemano Generating Station built under Mt . Dubose . Electricity from Kemano is transported across mountains via a custom built twin circuit transmission line . After avalanches tore away transmission towers , a catenary system was built .
In three years , 6,000 construction workers built the dam , tunnel , powerhouse , transmission line , smelter , and town .
The town of Kitimat was carved out of old-growth forest . The company invested over CA $ 500 million ( equivalent to CA $ 3.3 billion ) and employed over 35,000 workers over the five years required to build the Kenney Dam , the hydropower plant under Mt . Dubose at Kemano , a 250,000 tpy aluminum smelter , a year-round deepwater port , a townsite designed for a population of 50,000 , and a paved highway to the outside world . As a result of this project other companies saw the potential of the area , resulting in further industrial development in the Kitimat valley .
LNG Canada terminal project
On 1 October 2018 , Royal Dutch Shell and its Asia partners gave formal approval to an estimated $ 40 billion investment into the construction of a new liquified natural gas port terminal project named LNG Canada , coupled with the construction by a subsidiary of TransCanada of a gas pipeline , known as the Coastal GasLink Pipeline , linking this terminal to the Montney , British Columbia , natural gas field .
If and when completed , LNG Canada should become the first Canadian LNG export ocean terminal , which will compete with other LNG terminals in the US , either existing or planned on the West ( Alaska , Washington , Oregon ) , Gulf ( Louisiana , Texas ) and Atlantic coasts ( Maryland , Virginia ) .
This new terminal to be built in the port of Kitimat will be connected to the Pacific Ocean via the existing Douglas Channel . This development will add new sensitive ship traffic when the LNG Canada natural gas storage and liquefaction terminal will be completed and operational , which is estimated to be in 2025 . The LNG Canada terminal project will see large LNG carrier ships loading liquefied natural gas at the future Kitimat LNG terminal , and sailing along the Douglas Channel to carry it to export destinations , mainly in Asia .
Directions
Kitimat is located south of Terrace on Highway 37 . Prince Rupert is northwest , and Prince George is to the east .
Climate
Kitimat has an oceanic climate with mild summers and cold , snowy winters with annual snowfall averaging 128 inches ( 325 cm ) .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Kitimat had a population of 8,236 living in 3,604 of its 4,381 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 8,131 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
Controversies
The Alcan project was not free from controversy . Politicians , aboriginal groups , farmers and residents of the Nechako Lakes District opposed the contractual release of provincial resources with the profits going to a private firm . Many individuals and groups protested the flooding caused by the creation of the new reservoir , with the destruction of homesteads , villages , burial grounds , millions of board feet of prime timber , and the disruption of prime fish habitat on the Nechako River .
In the late 1980s , the company began work on the Kemano Completion Project which would have doubled the generating capacity of the Kemano plant . After Alcan had already bored a second tunnel through the mountain and extended the generating station within the mountain , the provincial government of the day called a halt to the project for a variety of reasons . Having invested over $ 500 million into the project , Alcan took the provincial government to court . This controversy was settled when Alcan and the provincial government signed the 1997 KCP agreement .
Most of the first decade of the twenty-first century saw the District of Kitimat in court with the Provincial Government over the electricity rights granted to Alcan and its obligations to the Province and to the District .
Rio Tinto Alcan plans to increase the output of its Kitimat smelter from 250,000 MT/Yr to 400,000 MT/Yr and initially committed $ 300 million to this effort . Since late 2008 , relations between Rio Tinto Alcan and the District appear to have become more cordial , with the two parties working to achieve modernization of the aluminum facilities . In December 2011 , Rio Tinto Alcan announced its investment of $ 2.7 billion to complete the modernization of the smelter .
Media
Newspapers
Kitimat Northern Sentinel
Radio
FM 92.1 – CFNR-FM , First Nations community/ classic rock ( Terrace )
FM 92.9 – CJFW-FM-1 , country ( repeats CJFW-FM , Terrace )
FM 97.7 – CKTK-FM , hot adult contemporary
FM 100.3 – CFKI-FM , CBC Radio 2 ( repeats CBU-FM , Vancouver )
FM 101.1 – CBUK-FM , CBC Radio One ( repeats CFPR , Prince Rupert )
FM 105.1 – CBUF-FM-5 , Première Chaîne ( repeats CBUF-FM , Vancouver )
Television
Channel 3 – CFTK-TV , CTV 2 affiliate ( Terrace )
DTBS cable channel 10
Notable people
Benjamin Arthur - actor
Mark Fitzpatrick - professional ice hockey goaltender
Wayne Kelly - Swimmer . 1984 Los Angeles Olympics . 5th - 4 x 200m freestyle relay .
Jon Kelly - Swimmer . 1988 Seoul Olympics . 7th 200m butterfly , 12th 400m Individual Medley .
Bill Leeb – musician and record producer
Alison Redford - lawyer , Canadian politician , Alberta Progressive Conservative Leader and MLA ( 2011 - 2014 ) , first female Premier of Alberta
Eden Robinson – author
See also
List of Panamax ports
Kitlope Indian Reserve No . 16
References
External links
www.kitimat.ca
Company towns in Canada
District municipalities in British Columbia
Populated places in the Regional District of Kitimat–Stikine
North Coast of British Columbia
Populated places on the British Columbia Coast
Confédération générale des travailleurs tunisiens ( 'General Confederation of Tunisian Workers ' , abbreviated CGTT ) was a central trade union organisation in Tunisia . Founded in 1924 , it was the first Tunisian trade union central . However , the French colonial authorities soon clamped down on the organization . Several of its leaders were arrested . Six of them , including Mohammad Ali , were put on trial in November 1925 and deported from the country . Soon thereafter , CGTT was dissolved .
References
Defunct trade unions of Tunisia
Trade unions established in 1924
1924 establishments in Tunisia
Tinian ( or ; old Japanese name : 天仁安島 , Tenian-shima ) is one of the three principal islands of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands . Together with uninhabited neighboring Aguiguan , it forms Tinian Municipality , one of the four constituent municipalities of the Northern Marianas . Tinian 's largest village is San Jose .
History
Prehistory
Traces of human settlements on Tinian have been found by archaeologists ranging over 4,000 years in datings , including ancient latte stones , and other artifacts pointing to cultural affinities with Melanesia and with similar stone monuments in the Federated States of Micronesia and Palau .
Around 3000 years ago , Tinian was ruled by the Chamorro Chief Taga , who built the biggest stone home with latte stones . A beach on Tinian ( Taga Beach ) and the local charter airline ( Taga Air ) were named after him .
Spanish colonial period
Tinian , together with Saipan , was possibly first sighted by Europeans of the Spanish expedition of Ferdinand Magellan , when it made landfall in the southern Marianas on 6 March 1521 . It was likely sighted next by Gonzalo Gómez de Espinosa in 1522 on board the Spanish ship Trinidad , in an attempt to reach Panama after the death of Magellan . This would have happened after the sighting of the Maug Islands in between the end of August and end of September . Gonzalo de Vigo deserted in the Maugs from the Trinidad and in the next four years , living with the Chamorros , visited thirteen main islands in the Marianas and possibly Tinian among them .
The first clear evidence of European arrival was by the Manila galleon Santa Margarita commanded by Juan Martínez de Guillistegui , that wrecked in the southeast of Saipan in February 1600 and whose survivors stayed for two years till 250 were rescued by the Santo Tomas and the Jesus María . The Spanish formally occupied Tinian in 1669 , with the missionary expedition of Diego Luis de San Vitores who named it Buenavista Mariana ( Goodsight Mariana ) . From 1670 , it became a port of call for Spanish and occasional English , Dutch and French ships as a supply station for food and water .
The native population , estimated at 40,000 at the time of the Spanish arrival , shrank to less than 1400 due to European-introduced diseases and conflicts over land . The survivors were forcibly relocated to Guam in 1720 for better control and assimilation . Under Spanish rule , the island was developed into ranches for raising cattle and pigs , which were used to provision Spanish galleons en route to Mexico .
German colonial period
After the Spanish–American War of 1898 , Tinian was occupied by the US . It was later sold by Spain to the German Empire in 1899 . The island was administered by Germany as part of German New Guinea . During the German period , there was no attempt to develop or settle the island , which remained under the control of its Spanish and mestizo landowners .
Japanese colonial period
In 1914 , during World War I , the island was captured by Japan , which was awarded formal control in 1918 by the League of Nations as part of the South Seas Mandate . The island was settled by ethnic Japanese , Koreans and Okinawans , who developed large-scale sugar plantations . Under Japanese rule , extensive infrastructure development occurred , including the construction of port facilities , waterworks , power stations , paved roads and schools , along with entertainment facilities and Shinto shrines . Initial efforts to settle the island met with difficulties , including an infestation of scale insects , followed by a severe drought in 1919 .
Efforts were resumed under the aegis of the Nanyo Kohatsu Kabushiki Kaisha in 1926 , with new settlers from Okinawa as well as Fukushima and Yamagata Prefectures , and the introduction of coffee and cotton as cash crops in addition to sugar , and the construction of a Katsuobushi processing plant . By June 1944 , some 15,700 Japanese civilians resided on Tinian ( including 2700 ethnic Koreans and 22 ethnic Chamorro ) .
World War II
Tinian was not garrisoned by the Japanese military until the latter stages of World War II , when the Japanese realized its strategic importance as a possible base for American Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombers . The island was seized by the Allies during the Battle of Tinian from 24 July to 1 August 1944 . Of the 8,500-man Japanese garrison , 313 survived the battle . At the time , there were an estimated 15,700 Japanese civilians ( including 2700 ethnic Koreans ) on the island . Many hundreds were also killed in the crossfire , took their own lives , or were executed by the Japanese military to avoid capture by the Americans .
Tinian is located approximately from mainland Japan , and was suitable as a staging base for continuous heavy bomber attacks on the Japanese Islands . Immediately after the island 's seizure by the US , construction began on the largest airbase of WWII , which covered the entire island ( except its three highland areas ) . The Tinian Naval Base was a 40,000-personnel installation , and the Navy Seabees ( 110th NCB ) laid out the base in a pattern of city streets resembling New York City 's Manhattan Island , and named the streets accordingly .
The former Japanese town of Sunharon was nicknamed `` The Village '' because its location corresponded to that of Greenwich Village . A large square area between West and North Fields , used primarily for the location of the base hospitals and otherwise left undeveloped , was called Central Park .
Two runway complexes , West Field and North Field , having a combined total of six 8,500-foot ( 2,600-meter ) runways , were constructed . Today the four runways at North Field are overgrown and abandoned . One of the two West Field runways remains in use as part of Tinian International Airport .
West Field
Airfield construction was originally by the Japanese , built with two parallel runways . It was repaired by the Americans , and then called West Field . From here seven squadrons of the 58th Bombardment Wing flew combat and reconnaissance missions throughout Southeast Asia and finally into the Japanese home islands , as part of the bombing of Japan .
After WWII , West Field was Tinian 's airport called Gurguan Point Airfield ; and today is Tinian International Airport .
North Field
The Japanese had constructed three small fighter strips on Tinian , but none were suitable for bomber operations . Under the Americans , nearly the entire northern end of the island was occupied by the runways , almost of taxiways and the airfield area , designed to accommodate the entire 313th Bombardment Wing complement of Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombers .
North Field was the departure point of the 509th Composite Group specialized Silverplate nuclear weapons delivery B-29 bombers Enola Gay and Bockscar , which respectively carried the two atomic bombs named Little Boy and Fat Man , that were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Remains of the US bomber base and Atom Bomb Pits , and the remains of Japanese fortifications , are located at North Field . There is a memorial on the old airfield at the loading pits , which are roofed-over with glazed panels in metal framing for safer viewing . Both pits were reopened in conjunction with the 60th Anniversary Commemoration of the Battles of Saipan and Tinian . The pits were originally constructed to load the bombs , since they were too large to be loaded in the conventional manner . The B-29s were maneuvered over a pit with their bomb bay doors open to facilitate loading .
Postwar Tinian
After the end of World War II , Tinian became part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands , controlled by the United States . The island continued to be dominated by the United States military , and until 1962 was administered as a sub-district of Saipan . Since 1978 , the island has been a municipality of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands .
During the 1980s , one of the runways on North Field was kept active to allow U.S. Air Force C-130s to take off and land in support of U.S. Marine Corps training exercises in the north end of the island . The two northern airstrips , Alpha and Bravo , were cleared of vegetation and the limestone coral that had been disturbed by roots was excavated and replaced by Marines of the 9th Engineer Support Battalion , 3rd FSSG , 3rd Marine Division then stationed at Camp Hansen , Okinawa in late 1981 . That unit had been transported by sea aboard the USS Cayuga ( LST-1186 ) . The military presence began to be replaced by tourism in the 1990s , but still plays an important role in the local economy .
On October 24 , 2018 , Typhoon Yutu made landfall on the island of Tinian as a Category 5-equivalent super typhoon , becoming the most powerful storm on record to hit the Northern Mariana Islands , and causing an extensive amount of damage .
Geography
Tinian is about southwest of Saipan , from which it is separated by the Saipan Channel . It has a land area of , with its highest elevation at Mount Lasso at . It is considerably flatter than Saipan . The island has limestone cliffs and caves . There is a variety of marine life and coral reefs surrounding the island . Its clear , warm waters are ideal for snorkeling , scuba diving and sport fishing .
Important Bird Area
There is a variety of flora and fauna ; the Tinian monarch is the island 's only endemic bird species and it is threatened by habitat loss . The island has been recognised as an Important Bird Area ( IBA ) by BirdLife International because it supports populations of Micronesian megapodes , white-throated ground doves , Mariana fruit doves , Micronesian myzomelas , rufous fantails , Saipan white-eyes and Micronesian starlings .
Population
The population of Tinian was 3,136 ( ) , which corresponds to less than 5 % of all residents of the Northern Mariana Islands and a population density of 31 people per km2 . Most of the inhabitants are Chamorros ( about 75 % ) and members of various other groups of islands in the Caroline Islands . There are also minorities of Filipino , Bangladeshi , East Asian and European-descended people .
Economy
Much of the local economy of Tinian is dependent on tourism , however , tourist infrastructure is relatively poorly developed . The village of San Jose has several smaller hotels , restaurants , and bars . Agriculture is primarily on the subsistence level . The largest employers on the island are the government and the casino , which was legalized in 1989 . As of March 2006 , the island has plans to put in four new casinos . The 2010 census showed a population of 3,136 for the island .
Transportation
Air
Tinian Airport is small and serviced by Star Marianas Air , which operates daily scheduled flights to Saipan . Freedom Air , who previously served the island filed for bankruptcy in October 2013 and suspended all operations since March 2014 .
Ferry
The ferry boat service that operated twice daily between Tinian and Saipan ran at a loss estimated to be US $ 1 million a year , and has since ceased .
Government
The local government is the Municipality of Tinian and Aguiguan , which also includes the uninhabited island Aguijan . The municipality has a land area of 108.1 km2 ( 41.738 sq mi ) . The 2000 census population was 3,540 persons , all living on the island of Tinian ( Aguijan is uninhabited ) . The municipal seat and main village of the island of Tinian is San Jose , situated on the southwest coast . Mayor Edwin P. Aldan was inaugurated in January 2019 , succeeding Joey San Nicolas .
Local attractions
House of Taga
The House of Taga is a latte stone site , one of the largest such structures in the Marianas . The stones are quarried limestone , each approximately in length . Of the twelve large Latte structures , only one is still standing . The site is one of seven locations on Tinian on the National Register of Historic Places listings in the Northern Mariana Islands .
Education
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Public School System operates public schools including Tinian Elementary School , and Tinian Jr./Sr . High School .
State Library of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands operates the Tinian Public Library in San Jose Village .
References
External links
The Insular Empire : America in the Mariana Islands , PBS documentary film & website
Pacific Wrecks : Tinian History
Google Maps
Pascal Horst Lehne and Christoph Gäbler : Über die Marianen . Lehne-Verlag , Wohldorf in Germany 1972. and Tinian
Islands of the Northern Mariana Islands
Municipalities of the Northern Mariana Islands
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Former German colonies
Important Bird Areas of the Northern Mariana Islands
Jan Strelau ( born 30 May 1931 in Gdańsk ; died 4 August 2020 in Warsaw ) was a Polish psychologist best known for his studies on temperament . He was professor of psychology at Warsaw University from 1968 to 2001 and was since 2001 professor at Warsaw School of Social Sciences and Humanities , where he took the positions of Vice-rector for Research and International Affairs ( 2002–2010 ) , Vice-rector for Research ( 2010–2012 ) , and the Chairman of the Board of Trustees ( 2012–2016 ) .
Research
His research concentrated for several decades on temperament and its functional significance in human adaptation , especially under extreme conditions ( stressors ) and as a factor influencing behavior disorders . He transferred Ivan Pavlov 's concepts of higher nervous system properties such as strength of excitation , strength of inhibition and mobility of nervous processes into psychological constructs ( traits ) to be measured since the 1970s by the Strelau Temperament Inventory ( STI ) and beginning from 1999 by the Pavlovian Temperament Survey ( PTS ) – an inventory constructed by Strelau , Angleitner and Newberry . Both inventories have been adapted to over a dozen language versions .
Strelau , in cooperation with Alois Angleitner from the University of Bielefeld , was the first researcher who introduced behavior genetic studies in Poland , extended during the last decade by one of his disciples , Włodzimierz Oniszczenko , and by Wojciech Dragan to molecular genetics centered on studying the genetic background of temperament traits as defined by RTT .
Strelau was the founder and head of the Department of Psychology of Individual Differences and of the Interdisciplinary Center for Behavior-Genetic Research at Warsaw University . He has been first president of the European Association of Personality Psychology and president of the International Society for the Study of Individual Differences . He was Vice-president of the International Union of Psychological Science .
Strelau was born in the Free City of Danzig , now Gdańsk . He was a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences , Academia Europaea and foreign member of the Finnish Academy of Sciences . He gained honorary degrees ( Dr.h.c . ) of University of Gdańsk , University of Poznań and State University of Humanistic Sciences in Moscow . In 2000 he was awarded the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science ( regarded as the “ Polish Nobel Prize ” ) . In 2011 , he received the Commander 's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta .
He died in Warsaw , aged 89 .
Writing
Strelau was the author of the Regulative Theory of Temperament ( RTT ) that concentrates on formal aspects of behavior , comprising energetic and temporal characteristics composed of such traits as : sensory sensitivity , emotional reactivity , endurance and activity ( energetic aspect ) , briskness and perseverance ( temporal combustion ) . The Formal Characteristics of Behavior – Temperament Inventory ( FCB-TI ) , developed by Strelau and Bogdan Zawadzki and adapted to many language versions allows for measuring these traits . A lot of empirical evidence has been collected by Strelau and his collaborators demonstrating that heritability explains about 40 percent of the variance in RTT temperament traits . In many studies , conducted among others on victims of disasters and catastrophes it came out that such traits as emotional reactivity , perseverance and activity are significant moderators of psychological consequences ( e.g . PTSD ) of experienced trauma .
Jan Strelau published about 250 scientific articles in the field of psychology of individual differences and was author or editor of 44 books .
Selected publications
Temperament , personality , activity ( 1983 )
Temperament : A psychological perspective ( 1998 )
The Pavlovian Temperament Survey ( PTS ) : An international handbook ( 1999 ) with A. Angleitner and B. H. Newberry
Temperament as a regulator of behavior : After fifty years of research ( 2008 )
Temperamental bases of behavior : Warsaw studies on individual differences ( 1985 ) editor
The biological bases of personality and behavior : Theories , measurement techniques , and development , vol . 1 ( 1985 ) editor , with F. H. Farley and A. Gale
The biological bases of personality and behavior : Psychophysiology , performance , and application , vol . 2 ( 1986 ) editor , with F. H. Farley and A. Gale
Personality dimensions and arousal ( 1987 ) editor , with H. J. Eysenck
Explorations in temperament : International perspectives on theory and measurement ( 1991 ) editor , with A. Angleitner
People under extreme stress : An individual differences approach ( 2006 ) editor , with T. Klonowicz
Temperament as a regulator of behavior : After fifty years of research ( 2008 ) Clinton Corners , NY : Eliot Werner Publications .
References
External links
Warsaw School of Social Sciences and Humanities
Polska Akademia Nauk - Polish Academy of Sciences
Wydział Psychologii Uniwersytetu Warszawskiego
Members of Academia Europaea
People from the Free City of Danzig
Psychologists from Gdańsk
1931 births
2020 deaths
SWPS University faculty
Polish psychologists
20th-century psychologists
21st-century psychologists
Laurel Hill Cemetery is a historic garden or rural cemetery in the East Falls neighborhood of Philadelphia . Founded in 1836 , it was the second major rural cemetery in the United States after Mount Auburn Cemetery in Boston , Massachusetts .
The cemetery is in size and overlooks the Schuylkill River . The cemetery grew to its current size through the purchase of four land parcels between 1836 and 1861 . It contains over 11,000 family lots and more than 33,000 graves , including many adorned with grand marble and granite funerary monuments , elaborately sculpted hillside tombs and mausoleums .
In 1977 , Laurel Hill Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and in 1998 , became the first cemetery in the United States to be designated a National Historic Landmark .
History
The cemetery was founded in 1836 by John Jay Smith , a librarian and editor with interests in horticulture and real estate , who was distressed at the way his deceased daughter was interred at the Arch Street Meeting House burial ground in Philadelphia . Smith wrote , `` Philadelphia should have a rural cemetery on dry ground , where feelings should not be harrowed by viewing the bodies of beloved relatives plunged into mud and water . ''
Smith joined forces with other prominent Philadelphia citizens including Benjamin Wood Richards , William Strickland and Nathan Dunn to form the Laurel Hill Cemetery Company and create a rural cemetery three miles north of the Philadelphia border on the east bank of the Schuylkill River . The group considered several locations but decided on the 32 acre former estate of businessman Joseph Sims known as `` Laurel '' or `` Laurel Hill '' . The location was viewed as a haven from urban expansion and a respite from the increasingly industrialized city center . The city later grew past Laurel Hill , but the cemetery retained its rural character .
Designs for the cemetery were submitted by William Strickland and Thomas Ustick Walter but the commission selected Scottish-American architect John Notman . Notman 's designs incorporated the topography of the location and included a string of terraces that descended to the river . The cemetery was developed and completed between 1836 and 1839 . Notman designed the gatehouse which consists of a massive Roman arch surrounded by an imposing classical colonnade and topped with a large ornamental urn . A large Gothic Revival style chapel was built on the grounds but removed in the 1880s to make room for additional graves .
In 1836 , the cemetery purchased a group of three sandstone statues from Scottish sculptor James Thom , known as Old Mortality . The statues were placed in a small enclosure in the central courtyard directly in front of the main gatehouse . The statues are based on a tale by Sir Walter Scott and depict Scott talking to Old Mortality , an elderly man who traveled through the Scottish Highlands re-carving weathered tombstones , along with his pony . A plaster bust of the artist , James Thom , was added to the display in 1872 . The owners of the cemetery intended to equate the mission of Old Mortality with their own - to keep the cemetery in perpetual care so future generations may remember the deceased .
To increase its cachet , the cemetery 's organizers had the remains of several famous Revolutionary War figures moved there , including Continental Congress secretary Charles Thomson ; Declaration of Independence signer Thomas McKean ; Philadelphia war veteran and shipbuilder Jehu Eyre ; hero of the Battle of Princeton , Hugh Mercer ; and first director of the U.S. Mint , David Rittenhouse .
Many of the elaborate funerary monuments were designed by notable artists and architects including Alexander Milne Calder , Alexander Stirling Calder , Harriet Whitney Frishmuth and William Strickland . The monument design styles include Classical Revival , Gothic Revival and Egyptian Revival made out of materials such as marble , granite , cast-iron and sandstone .
From its inception , Laurel Hill was intended as a civic institution designed for public use . In an era before public parks , museums and arboretums , it was a multi-purpose cultural attraction where the general public could experience the art and refinement previously known only to the wealthy . By the 1840s , Laurel Hill was an immensely popular destination and required tickets for admission . Writer Andrew Jackson Downing reported `` nearly 30,000 persons…entered the gates between April and December , 1848 . ''
In 1844 , due to increasing popularity , Laurel Hill purchased the 27-acre former estate of jurist William Rawle , half a mile south and named it South Laurel Hill . In 1849 , a set of iron gates on sandstone piers was built in the southeastern corner of the cemetery and served as a secondary entrance .
In 1855 , the Pennsylvania State Assembly authorized the cemetery to purchase an additional 10 acres from Frederick Stoever known as the Stoever Tract . The Yellow Fever Monument was built in this section in 1859 to honor the `` Doctors , Druggists and Nurses '' who helped fight the epidemic in Portsmouth , Virginia .
In 1860 , Laurel Hill Cemetery had an estimated 140,000 people visit annually .
In 1861 , the 21-acre estate of George Pepper between the two cemeteries was purchased and named Central Laurel Hill . With these additions , the cemetery reached the current size of approximately 95 acres . A bridge was built over Hunting Park Avenue to connect Central and South Laurel Hill .
The cemetery association restricted who could buy lots and the majority of burials were for white Protestants . The cemetery discouraged unmarried people from buying lots in order to keep the cemetery as a family destination .
During and after the American Civil War , Laurel Hill became the final resting place of hundreds of military figures , including 40 Civil War-era generals . Laurel Hill also became the favored burial place for many of Philadelphia 's most prominent political and business figures , including Matthias W. Baldwin , founder of the Baldwin Locomotive Works ; Henry Disston , owner of the largest saw factory in the world ( the Disston Saw Works ) ; and financier Peter A . B. Widener .
In 1913 , a Doric receiving vault made of terra cotta was built in South Laurel Hill near the bridge connecting it to Central Laurel Hill .
By the 1970s , Laurel Hill Cemetery had fallen out of favor as a burial site . Many bodies were re-interred at the more suburban West Laurel Hill Cemetery in nearby Lower Merion , Pennsylvania and the remaining graves suffered neglect , vandalism and crime .
In 1973 , Laurel Hill updated its policy and removed the prohibition on the burial of African-Americans in the cemetery .
In 1978 , the Friends of Laurel Hill Cemetery , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization , was founded by descendants of John Jay Smith to support the cemetery . The mission of the Friends is to assist the Laurel Hill Cemetery Company in preserving and promoting the historical character of Laurel Hill . The Friends raise funds and seek contributed services ; prepare educational and research materials emphasizing the historical , architectural and cultural importance of Laurel Hill Cemetery ; and provide tour guides to educate the public . The organization was instrumental in Laurel Hill Cemetery 's placement on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and designation as a National Historic Landmark in 1998 .
In 2013 , an 1883 bronze statue of a Civil War soldier was moved to Laurel Hill Cemetery . Cast at the Bureau Brothers Foundry , `` The Silent Sentry '' weighs 700 pounds and stands 7 feet , 2 inches high . It was installed in 1883 at the Soldiers ' Home of Philadelphia burial plot in Mount Moriah Cemetery . In 1970 , thieves removed the statue from its base and attempted to sell it as scrap metal to a scrapyard in Camden , New Jersey , but the scrap dealer notified the authorities . It was recovered and repaired by the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States . In 2013 , the statue was installed and rededicated in Laurel Hill Cemetery .
Today , Laurel Hill Cemetery is a popular tourist destination that attracts thousands of visitors every year for historical tours , concerts , and physical recreation .
Notable burials
In popular culture
Tombstones for the fictional characters Adrian Balboa and Paulie Pennino from the Rocky movies sit near the main gatehouse . The Adrian Balboa tombstone was used as a prop in the 2006 movie Rocky Balboa and both were used in the 2015 movie Creed . In the films , Rocky visits the gravesites in the cemetery 's South Laurel Hill section .
In 2009 , Laurel Hill was a movie location for the films Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen and Law Abiding Citizen .
The 2010 young adult book Tombstone Tea by Joanne Dahme takes place in Laurel Hill Cemetery and some of the well-known people buried there , such as Adam Forepaugh and Elisha Kent Kane , appear as characters .
Gallery
See also
West Laurel Hill Cemetery
List of United States cemeteries
Notes
References
External links
Historic American Buildings Survey , Laurel Hill Cemetery , HABS No . PA-1811 ( Adobe .pdf format )
Laurel Hill Cemetery at Find A Grave
Laurel Hill Cemetery sculptures , Association for Public Art website
From the collection of The Library Company of Philadelphia :
Laurel Hill Cemetery , Philadelphia , 1840
General View of Laurel Hill Cemetery , ca . 1847
1836 establishments in Pennsylvania
Cemeteries in Philadelphia
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
East Falls , Philadelphia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Philadelphia
National Historic Landmarks in Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania state historical marker significations
Rural cemeteries
Tourist attractions in Philadelphia
Yellow fever monuments and memorials
Zeppelin LZ 104 ( construction number , designated L 59 by the German Imperial Navy ) and nicknamed Das Afrika-Schiff ( `` The Africa Ship '' ) , was a World War I German dirigible . It is famous for having attempted a long-distance resupply mission to the beleaguered garrison of Germany 's East Africa colony .
History
Africa flight
The L 59 was a naval airship ordered to prepare for the resupply of Generalmajor Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck 's troops .
On 4 November 1917 , after a 29-hour flight from Friedrichshafen under the command of Hugo Eckener , the airship arrived at Yambol in Bulgaria , the last available airbase before flying over two thousand miles across the Mediterranean and Entente-held Africa . At Jambol Kapitänleutnant [ Lieutenant Commander ] Ludwig Bockholt , a regular German naval officer , met the zeppelin . He would be commander for the mission , code named China-Sache , loosely translated as `` China Show '' or `` China Matter . ''
It would be impossible to resupply the airship with hydrogen gas upon its arrival in Africa , and it was decided that no return trip would be made . Instead , it was planned that every part of the ship be cannibalized for use by Lettow-Vorbeck 's bush army . The outer envelope would be used for tents , muslin linings would become bandages , the duralumin framework would be used for wireless towers , and so on . In addition to its own structure , L 59 carried of supplies . The cargo included machine guns plus spares and ammunition , food , medical supplies , a medical team and Iron Cross medals .
L 59 's two initial attempts at starting the journey were foiled by weather in the Mediterranean . Its third departure on 21 November 1917 was successful . The ship made good time over Adrianople , the Sea of Marmara and the coast of Asia Minor . Due to electrical storms over Crete , its wireless aerial was wound in and so the airship failed to receive messages from the German admiralty . It crossed the African coast at 05:15 on 22 November 1917 near Mersa Matruh and , flying via the Dakhla Oasis , set a dog-leg course up the Nile . That afternoon , an engine malfunctioned when a reduction gear housing cracked ; the loss of this engine eliminated the prospect of radio transmission , although wireless messages could be received . The next morning it nearly crashed when heat turbulence from the dunes below and subsequent cooling reduced the buoyancy of its gas . The crew also suffered from headaches , hallucinations and general fatigue in the mid-day heat and freezing cold at night .
Despite these difficulties , L 59 continued on over Sudan , only to be turned back on 23 November 1917 , with the ship due west of Khartoum when she received an `` abort '' message . L 59 's volunteer crew implored the commander to continue , but he ordered the ship to turn back and returned to Bulgaria after averting another potential disaster due to loss of buoyancy over Asia Minor . It returned to base the morning of 25 November 1917 , having traveled over in 95 hours , or nearly four days in the air . When it entered its shed at Jambol , the Zeppelin had enough fuel remaining for another 64 hours flight .
It was later claimed by Richard Meinertzhagen , the chief of British intelligence in the area based at Cairo , that the recall message reporting that Lettow-Vorbeck had surrendered was faked . The British , having broken the German naval wireless code , were aware of the flight and mission . East Africa 's Royal Flying Corps ( RFC ) squadrons were alerted to watch for the approach of the ship . What turned the airship back was a signal relayed from Lettow-Vorbeck . The weak signal was amplified and forwarded by stations in friendly or neutral territories , and after some hours it reached the German naval command . The signal informed headquarters not that Lettow had surrendered , but that the Schutztruppe had been unable to hold the flatlands around Mahenge , the planned destination of the airship , and had been forced by British artillery to retreat into jagged mountains where the airship would have no chance of touching down without risking explosion . With no hope of a place to land safely and with every likelihood of it being destroyed or falling into enemy hands , the German command had no choice but to order a return . The recall signal was sent from the Admiralty station at Nauen . Despite its failure , `` the adventure of L 59 was heroic both in scale and spirit . '' Later a transcript of the radio message was reported to have been found in Germany archives , as well as a Turko-German wireless intercept ( marked 'Secret ' ) preserved in the files of the British Public Records office .
Final fate
Since the airship was not expected to return from her African mission , no plans for any further missions had been made . Another African flight was out of the question , so the ship was then offered for flights to supply the Ottoman army of Enver Pasha in Arabia , or to search for mines off Constantinople , but nothing came of these proposals . After several reconnaissance flights and bombing missions , L 59 took off from Jambol to attack the British naval base at Malta , proceeding across the Balkans to the Strait of Otranto . On the evening of 7 April 1918 the surfaced German submarine UB-53 observed the airship approaching from astern . Her commanding officer , Oberleutnant zur See Robert Sprenger , reported that he watched her fly past at about 210 m ( 700 ft ) , so `` close in fact that the details of the gondola could be seen clearly . '' A few minutes later , Sprenger noted two bursts in the air , and shortly afterwards `` a gigantic flame enveloped the airship and it nosed down into the water . '' The airship 's destruction was not claimed by either the British or the Italians ; her loss was officially attributed to an accident . None of the 21 crew survived the crash .
Record
Over a century after its flight , in 95 hours is still the longest non-stop military airship flight in history .
In popular culture
The airship and its long-distance resupply mission was featured in The Ghosts of Africa , a 1980 historical novel by British-born Canadian novelist William Stevenson set during the East African Campaign . Polish pilot and novelist Janusz Meissner described this flight in his novel L59 . The protagonist of O Olho de Hertzog , a 2010 novel by João Paulo Borges Coelho set in post–World War I Mozambique , arrives in Africa by jumping from the airship using a parachute . The Wilbur Smith novel Assegai has plot elements inspired by the airship 's journey . L 59 is a centerpiece of the alternate history novel The Romanov Rescue by Tom Kratman , Justin Watson , and Kacey Ezell .
Specifications
References
Citations
General references
Miller , Charles . Battle for the Bundu : The First World War in East Africa . New York : MacMillan Publishing Co. 1974. .
Robinson , Douglas H. Giants in the Sky . Henley-on-Thames : Foulis , 1973. .
Robinson , Douglas H. The Zeppelin in Combat ( 3rd ed. ) . Henley-on-Thames : Foulis , 1971. .
- Total pages : 353
- Total pages : 353
- Total pages : 290
- Total pages : 319
External links
Photographs of the crew before and after the flight : , , , gravestone
Zeppelins
1910s German military transport aircraft
1910s German bomber aircraft
Hydrogen airships
Airships of the Imperial German Navy
1917 in Bulgaria
Yambol
Aircraft first flown in 1917
Cravo may refer to :
Christian Cravo , Brazilian photographer
J. Cravo ( José Craveirinha ) ( 1922–2003 ) , Mozambican journalist , story writer and poet
João Cravo ( born 1929 ) , Portuguese rower
Mário Cravo Neto ( 1947–2009 ) , Brazilian photographer , sculptor and draughtsman
See also
Cravo Norte , town and municipality in the Arauca Department , Colombia
Cravo Norte River , river of Colombia
Cravo Sur River , river of Colombia
Carvao ( disambiguation )
Craveiro
Cravero
Volker Wissing ( born 22 April 1970 ) is a German lawyer , former judge and politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) who has been serving as the party 's General Secretary since 2020 , and as Minister for Transport in the federal government under Chancellor Olaf Scholz since 2021 . He previously was the Deputy Minister-President of Rhineland-Palatinate in the state government under Minister-President Malu Dreyer from 2016 to 2021 and a member of the German Parliament from 2004 to 2013 .
Early life and education
Wissing was born 1970 in the German town of Landau in der Pfalz and studied law at the Saarland University .
Wissing achieved a law degree and worked for some time as a judge before he entered professional politics .
Political career
Career in national politics
Wissing entered the FDP in 1998 . He became a member of the German Bundestag in 2004 when he took the seat of Marita Sehn who had died in a car accident . From 2004 until 2013 , he served on the Finance Committee ; he chaired the committee from 2009 until 2013 . From 2011 until 2013 , he also served as one of his parliamentary group 's deputy chairpersons , under the leadership of chairman Rainer Brüderle .
In the negotiations to form a coalition government of the FDP and the Christian Democrats ( CDU together with the Bavarian CSU ) following the 2009 federal elections , Wissing was part of the FDP delegation in the working group on financial policy and taxes , led by Thomas de Maizière und Hermann Otto Solms .
Career in state politics
On the state level , Wissing became chairman of the party 's branch in Rhineland-Palatinate in 2011 succeeding Rainer Brüderle . He led the Free Democratic Party back into the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate in the 2016 state election . After coalition negotiations Wissing became Deputy Minister President and State Minister for Economics , Transport , Agriculture and Viticulture in Malu Dreyer 's second cabinet .
In 2020 FDP leader Christian Lindner nominated Wissing to serve as General Secretary of the party , succeeding Linda Teuteberg . Subsequently Wissing announced his switch for state politics to the federal arena , announcing his candidacy for the Bundestag in the 2021 federal election .
Minister of Digital Affairs and Transport , 2021–present
On 24 November 2021 , Wissing was nominated by the Federal Executive Committee of the FDP for the post of Federal Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure in the designated federal government . He took office as Transport Minister on 8 December as the Scholz cabinet was sworn in .
Early in his tenure , Wissing ordered the blocking of German airspace for Russian aircraft in response to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine .
In July 2022 , he delivered his plans to meet emissions reductions targets in the German transport sector , shortly before the deadline . The scientific committee tasked with assessing the sufficiency of his proposed measures declared the plan entirely insufficient and decided not even to evaluate it , given there was `` nothing to be evaluated '' .
Other activities
Corporate boards
KfW , Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Supervisory Directors ( since 2021 )
Non-profit organizations
German-Jordanian Society , Member of the Parliamentary Advisory Board
Association of German Foundations , Member of the Parliamentary Advisory Board ( 2005-2013 )
Personal life
Wissing is married and has a daughter . The family lives in Bad Bergzabern and Berlin 's Prenzlauer Berg district .
References
Living people
1970 births
20th-century German politicians
21st-century German politicians
Members of the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate
Saarland University alumni
20th-century German judges
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag for the Free Democratic Party ( Germany )
Transport ministers of Germany
It Gets Better is an American not-for-profit organisation which provides support for LGBT youth .
It Gets Better may also refer to :
It Gets Better ( book ) , by Dan Savage and Terry Miller
`` It Gets Better '' , a season four episode of Arrested Development
`` It Gets Better '' ( song ) , by Swedish House Mafia
`` It Gets Better '' , a song by Fun from their 2012 album Some Nights
`` It Gets Better '' , a song by Keith Sweat from his 1994 album Get Up on It
`` It Gets Better '' , a song by Lenka from her 2015 album The Bright Side
`` It Gets Better '' , a song by the Preatures from their 2014 album Blue Planet Eyes
`` It Gets Better '' , a song by Rex Orange County from his 2019 album Pony
`` It Gets Better '' , a 2020 song by Salem Ilese
`` It Gets Better '' , a 2010 song by Todrick Hall
Nikolai Pavlovich Antsiferov ( ; – September 2 , 1958 ) was a Soviet historian and scholar of culture and local lore .
Biography
Antsiferov was born in the estate of Count Potocki in Uman , Ukraine . His father , Pavel Grigor'evich Antsiferov ( 1815–1897 ) was a state counsellor and the son of a naval officer in Arkhangelsk , who took a post as an inspector of agriculture and horticulture at an institute in Uman , and later was the director of the Nikitsky Botanical Garden in Crimea from 1891 . He was buried in the cemetery in Sofeiskaia Slobodka . His mother , Ekaterina Maksinovna née Petrova , was the daughter of a Tver peasant . She was born in 1853 in Saint Petersburg and died in 1933 .
Following the death of his father , Nikolai Antsiferov lived with his mother in Pulavy ( in present-day Poland ) , and then in Kiev where he studied at the first Kiev Gymnasium . Beginning in 1908 he studied in Saint Petersburg from 1908 , graduating in 1909 . Beginning in 1915 he studied at the historical-philological department of Petrograd Imperial University , where I. M. Grevs was his teacher . After graduating from university , Antsiferov remained in the department of general history until 1919 .
His pedagogical career began directly after his university graduation : the women 's gymnasium of N. N. Zvorskaya ( 1915–1916 ) , the private school of A. S. Cherniaev ( 1915–1918 ) , a school at the former Tenishevsii college ( 1918–1925 ) , where he led a humanitarian circle , at the second pedagogical institute ( 1919–1926 ) , in a boarding school for street children in Pavlovsk ( 1919–1920 ) at the Institute of Art History ( 1925–1929 ) .
In 1917 he wrote in his diary :
17 October . It is dark and crowded on the streets . It is terrible to look at them . Each coming day brings blood . The Bolsheviks forge their uprising and we await it obediently like a force of fate .
24 October . A new act is beginning in a cruel Russian tragedy .
25 October . The October Revolution . Difficult thoughts wander in my soul like clouds . Love for human personality and faith in the eternal remain . I see that this does not depend on any kind of event .
He participated in the religious-philosophical circles of A . A. Meyer `` Tuesday '' and `` Sunday '' ( 1918–1925 ) . He led seminars on the study of Petersburg and Pavlovsk , gave lectures , led excursions around the city and suburbs , collaborated with the journals `` Pedagogical Thought '' ( 1918–1924 ) and `` Tour Business '' ( 1821-1923 ) . In 1921 , on I. M. Grevets ' initiative , the Petrograd Scientific-research excursion institute opened , which was located in building 3 on Simeonovskaia ( now Belinskii ) Street . Antsiferov participated in historical and methodological sections , led seminars : `` Collection and grouping of literary material for the compilation of anthologies in St. Petersburg '' `` The City from a touring point of view '' and `` Summer Seminar on Tsarskoe Tselo . '' After the liquidation of the Tour Institute in September 1924 , he moved to the Petrograd branch of the Central Regional Studies Bureau ( TsBK ) formed in January 1922 .
Imprisonment and release
In the spring of 1925 he was arrested , sentenced to three years exile , and sent to Omsk , but after three months was freed and returned to Leningrad .
On the night of April 23 , 1929 he was arrested as a participant in the `` counter-revolutionary monarchist organization '' called Voskresen ' e . On July 22 , 1929 he was sentenced to three years in the labor camps and in August was sent to the Solovki prison camp . On May 3 , 1930 he was arrested in the camp as a `` participant of a counter-revolutionary organization '' and sent in isolation to the Sekirnaia Mountain in the Solovetsky Islands and for further investigation was sent to Leningrad . On June 20 his camp term was increased by a year and he was sent back to the Solovetsky Islands .
In the summer of 1930 he was sent to Leningrad and subject to investigation by the Academy of Sciences . On August 23 , 1931 he was sentenced to five years in the labor camps and sent to Belbaltlag . In the fall of 1933 he was freed from the camp and returned to Leningrad .
He was arrested in September 1937 , sentenced to 8 years in the labor camps on December 20 and sent to Bamlag . On December 2 , 1939 he was freed from the camp . The case from October 29 , 1929 was terminated following reevaluation .
He was accepted into the Writers ' Union in 1943 .
He died in Moscow and was buried in the Vagankovo Cemetery .
Family
He married Tat'iana Nikolaevna Oberucheva ( 1890-1929 ) , whom he met in Kiev , on February 5 , 1914 . Their children were : Natal'ia ( 1915–1924 ) , Pavel ( 1918–1924 ) , Sergei ( 1921–1942 ) , Tat'iana ( 1924–2013 ) .
Academic activity
In 1944 he defended his dissertation at the Gorky Institute of World Literature for the degree of candidate of philological sciences on `` The Problem of Urbanism in Fiction . ''
He authored a large number of works on the history of St. Petersburg , methodology , and the organization of excursions . He is known as the author of the memoir `` From the Thoughts About the Past '' published in 1992 .
Legacy
There was a reading of Antsiferov 's works in Leningrad in 1989 . In 1995 the Antsiferov Prize was established for better contemporary work on the city 's history . The Moscow `` Antsiferov Reading `` took place in September 2012 . In 2013 a street was built in the city of Pushkin and named Antsiferov Street .
References
The Legacy of the Siege of Leningrad , 1941–1995 : Myth , Memories , and Monuments
Mapping St. Petersburg : Imperial Text and Cityshape
Moscow Memoirs
Soviet historians
1889 births
1958 deaths
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
The 2006–07 Mid-American Conference women 's basketball season began with practices in October 2006 , followed by the start of the 2006–07 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season in November . Conference play began in January 2007 and concluded in March 2007 . Bowling Green won the regular season title with a record of 16–1 over West Division champion Ball State . Ali Mann of Bowling Green and Carrie Moore of Western Michigan shared MAC player of the year .
Regular season champion Bowling Green won the MAC Tournament over Ball State . Carin Horne of Bowling Green was the tournament MVP . Bowling Green defeated Oklahoma State and Vanderbilt before losing to Arizona State in the Sweet Sixteen of the NCAA tournament . Ball State played in the WNIT .
Preseason Awards
The preseason coaches ' poll was announced by the league office on October 24 , 2006 .
Preseason women 's basketball coaches poll
( First place votes in parenthesis )
East Division
( 40 ) 245
( 1 ) 193
136
Ohio 115
112
60
West Division
( 21 ) 214
( 8 ) 188
996 ) 157
( 6 ) 142
94
66
Tournament Champion
Bowling Green ( 35 ) , Kent State ( 2 ) , Western Michigan ( 2 ) , Toledo ( 1 )
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American tournament
NCAA tournament
Women 's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason Awards
Coach of the Year : Curt Miller , Bowling Green
Player of the Year : Ali Mann , Bowling Green and Carrie Moore , Western Michigan
Freshman of the Year : Alyssa Pittman , Eastern Michigan
Defensive Player of the Year : Patrice McKinney , Eastern Michigan
Sixth Man of the Year : Amber Flynn , Bowling Green
Honors
See also
2006–07 Mid-American Conference men 's basketball season
References
American recording artist Alicia Keys has appeared in numerous music . Her videography includes more than thirty music videos and three video albums . In 2000 , Keys signed a recording contract with J Records and released her debut single `` Fallin ' , taken from her first studio album Songs in A minor ( 2001 ) . The plot of its music video had Keys traveling to a prison to visit her incarcerated boyfriend and was continued in the video for her next single , `` A Woman 's Worth ; '' both videos marked Keys ' first collaboration with director Chris Robinson , who would become a regular collaborator later . In 2004 , another regular , American director Diane Martel , directed the accompanying music video for the second single from the singer 's second album The Diary of Alicia Keys , `` If I Ai n't Got You '' , which featured rapper Method Man as Keys ' love interest . It won the Best R & B Video accolade at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards .
In 2008 , Keys collaborated with former The White Stripes singer Jack White on `` Another Way to Die '' , the theme song for the James Bond film Quantum of Solace . Inspired by the plot , the CGI-heavy clip garnered a largely positive response from critics and was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video at the 51st Grammy Awards .
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
Unreleased music videos
Video albums
Filmography
Film and television
Web
Theatre
Commercials
References
Keys , Alicia
is a railway station in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Tsuzu Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1934
Adrien Saddier ( born 15 May 1992 ) is a French professional golfer currently playing on the European Tour .
Saddier turned professional in 2013 . He earned his card on the European Tour for 2014 by playing all three stages of qualifying school . His best finish on tour in the 2014 season was T-6 at the Nelson Mandela Championship in December 2013 . He finished 127th on the Race to Dubai and played primarily on the Challenge Tour from 2015 to 2017 . In 2016 , Saddier won the Fred Olsen Challenge de España on the Challenge Tour for his first professional win . Saddier finished the 2016 season just outside the top 15 in the Order of Merit but three runner-up finishes during the 2017 season put him 13th in the Order of Merit to earn a place on the European Tour for 2018 .
Amateur wins
2010 Grand Prix de Montpellier Massane
2011 French Team Cup ( individual ) , European Club Trophy ( individual )
2012 Swiss International Amateur , Grand Prix de Savoie , European Club Trophy ( individual )
2013 European Nations Cup ( individual ) , Grand Prix de Haute Savoie , Internationaux de France – Coupe Murat
Source :
Professional wins ( 1 )
Challenge Tour wins ( 1 )
Challenge Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Team appearances
Amateur
European Amateur Team Championship ( representing France ) : 2013
See also
2013 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
2017 Challenge Tour graduates
2019 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
French male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Haute-Savoie
Sportspeople from Savoie
People from Aix-les-Bains
1992 births
Living people
The Colne Brook is a river in England that is a distributary of the River Colne which runs from Uxbridge Moor , there forming the western border of Greater London , to the River Thames just below Bell Weir Lock in Hythe End , Wraysbury , Berkshire .
Course
On leaving the Colne at Uxbridge Moor in the Colne Valley regional park , the Colne Brook flows close by to its west until West Drayton then passes under the M25 motorway at the M4 `` Thorney interchange '' , enters Berkshire and flows through the village of Colnbrook . South of there it receives some water from the Poyle Channel , after which that becomes the Wraysbury River watering the west of Staines Moor . Then the Brook runs between Horton 's centre and another residential part of Horton on Coppermill Road adjoining Wraysbury Reservoir . Colne Brook has its end stage in the easternmost parish of the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead . It passes Wraysbury railway station then adjoins gravel-extraction-made lakes of Wraysbury , a Site of Special Scientific Interest , before running into the River Thames : between the M25 Runnymede Bridge and Bell Weir Lock upstream .
See also
Tributaries of the River Thames
List of rivers of England
Notes and references
Notes
References
1ColneBrook
Rivers of Berkshire
Rivers of Buckinghamshire
The Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) intelligence agency of Pakistan allegedly ran an active military intelligence program during the Bosnian War which started in 1992 lasting until 1995 . Allegedly executed and supervised by General Javed Nasir , the program distributed and coordinated the systematic supply of arms to ARBiH during the war . The ISI Bosnian contingent was organized with financial assistance provided by Saudi Arabia , according to the British historian Mark Curtis .
Pakistan declared in a meeting of Muslim countries at Geneva in July 1995 that the UN arms embargo was illegal . Farooq Leghari , then president of Pakistan , stated that 'the Western policy of appeasement of the Serbian aggressors is not going to pay . ' Pakistan subsequently declared that it would provide weapons to the Bosnian government in spite of the UN arms embargo . Pakistan became the fourth largest contributor of troops to the UN peacekeeping forces in Bosnia and pledged to keep its soldiers there to protect Bosnian Muslims and confront the Serbs while France and other countries wanted to withdraw their troops for the safety of their soldiers .
Nasir later confessed that , despite the UN arms embargo in Bosnia , the ISI airlifted anti-tank weapons and missiles to ARBiH which turned the tide in favor of Bosniaks and forced the Serbs to lift the siege . In 2011 , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia demanded the custody of the former ISI director for his alleged support to forces of the Bosnian government against the Army of Republika Srpska in the 1990s , the Government of Pakistan has refused to hand Nasir to the UN tribunal , citing poor health .
During the height of the conflict , Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry evacuated many endangered Bosnians from the conflict areas who immigrated to Pakistan . The small nature of the program was mentioned and highlighted in the Pakistani drama , Alpha Bravo Charlie in 1998 . Since then , foreign relations have improved between Pakistan and Bosnia .
See also
Inter-Services Intelligence activities in Afghanistan
Inter-Services Intelligence activities in India
Foreign relations of Pakistan
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Pakistan relations
References
External research
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Pakistan relations
Bosnia
Intelligence operations
Bosnian War
Brian Edmund Posehn ( ; born July 6 , 1966 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor , voice actor , musician , and writer . After numerous appearances as a television guest star , Posehn acquired his first major recurring role in HBO 's Mr. Show with Bob and David ( 1995–1998 ) . He is known for his roles as Jim Kuback on The WB 's Mission Hill and Brian Spukowski on Comedy Central 's The Sarah Silverman Program . Posehn had a recurring role on The Big Bang Theory as geologist Bert Kibbler .
As a stand-up comedian , Posehn has released four comedy albums and one standalone music album . He has hosted the online Dungeons & Dragons podcast Nerd Poker since 2012 . He has also done voice work for video games such as Halo 2 , FusionFall , Brütal Legend , and Minecraft : Story Mode .
Posehn received nominations for two Primetime Emmy Awards in 1998 and 1999 for Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Music Program for his work on Mr. Show with Bob and David , which he shared with the series ' writing crew . Posehn also received a nomination for a DVDX Award for Best Original Song in a DVD Premiere Movie in 2003 for Run Ronnie Run ! .
Early life
Posehn was born and raised in Sacramento , California . He is of German and Irish descent . He graduated from Sonoma Valley High School in 1984 . He attended college at California State University , Sacramento .
Career
Television work
Posehn began with guest appearances and mainly small roles in TV shows . He was on 28 episodes of Mr. Show with Bob and David ( 1995–1998 ) , a sketch comedy series on HBO . In a 1996 episode of Friends , he delivered the manuscript in which Joey Tribbiani 's soap opera character `` Dr. Drake Ramoray '' is killed . He appeared as two different characters in NewsRadio : a fan with questions for Jimmy James at a book reading ( 1997 ) , and a member of Dave 's a cappella group `` Chock Full o ' Notes '' ( 1998 ) . In the Seinfeld episode `` The Burning '' ( 1998 ) , he played a patient , when Kramer `` was given '' gonorrhea . His character was instructed to `` act out '' to a group of medical students how a surgeon left a sponge in him post surgery . Posehn also wrote the Space Ghost : Coast-to-Coast episode `` Cahill '' ( 1998 ) with Ben Karlin . He appeared on 29 episodes of the NBC series Just Shoot Me ! ( 1999–2003 ) . He played the voice of Jim in Mission Hill on the WB ( 1999–2002 ) , and Del Swanson in 3 South on MTV ( 2002–2003 ) . On an Adult Swim production , Aqua Teen Hunger Force , he voiced the Wisdom Cube in the 2003 episode `` The Cubing '' .
Posehn performed the voice of Gibbons , a tiny man , on several episodes of the Cartoon Network 's Tom Goes to the Mayor ( 2005–2006 ) . He also appeared in the 2005 pilot for The Showbiz Show with David Spade , in a segment called `` The Nerd Perspective '' , in which he gave a scathing criticism of MTV and its declining quality . He also played a mortician in several episodes of Comedy Central 's Reno 911 ! . He was featured on the 2005 documentary series The Comedians of Comedy on Comedy Central and Showtime . He was in a 2007 episode of the improv series Thank God You 're Here on NBC and was a celebrity judge on the revived 1970s game show The Gong Show with Dave Attell ( 2008 ) , on Comedy Central . He co-stars on The Sarah Silverman Program with Steve Agee as a gay couple who is friends with Silverman , and also wrote the season three finale `` Wowschwitz '' . He played himself in the episode `` Spagett '' of Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! , appeared at the Comedy Central Roast of Bob Saget , played the role of a physically disabled man ( Scooter Man ) in the second season 's premiere episode `` Slip of the Tongue '' of Californication ( 2008 ) , on Showtime , and played Dethklok 's second manager in the Metalocalypse episode `` Dethsources '' , he also wrote the episode `` Fatherklok '' . In 2007 he joined the first season of the MTV sketch comedy series Human Giant , as a writer and performer , and voices Glen Furlblam , the biggest fan of Dr. Two-Brains on the PBS Kids animated series WordGirl . In 2012 he co-wrote the fourth season of Metalocalypse . From 2013 to 2019 , Posehn portrayed the recurring character Bert on The Big Bang Theory .
Film work
Movie appearances from Posehn include the 2003 comedy film sequel Dumb and Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd , Grind , the 2005 Rob Zombie horror film The Devil 's Rejects , Sleeping Dogs Lie , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer , and the 2007 animated feature Surf 's Up , where he played Glen Maverick . Posehn appeared as himself in the 2007 documentary Super High Me starring 'marijuana comedian ' Doug Benson , the 2008 documentary Nerdcore Rising about MC Frontalot and in a supporting role in Sarah Silverman : Jesus Is Magic .
Posehn voices the character of Murray , a robot , in Rob Zombie 's animated The Haunted World of El Superbeasto . He also voiced the character Hayashi in the English dub of Pom Poko .
Stand-up comedy
In 2002 , Posehn appeared on Comedy Central Presents , followed by the release of 2005 's The Comedians of Comedy , a documentary/live special chronicling a 2004 small-club comedy tour he participated in . The film was followed up by a television series on Comedy Central of the same name . Posehn 's debut comedy album Live In : Nerd Rage was released in 2006 . He participated in the Comedy Lineup of the 2008 Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival , which included Louis C.K. , Janeane Garofalo and Zach Galifianakis . Posehn performed as part of the Rock N ' Roll Comedy set with Jim Norton and Michelle Buteau . During his 2008 routine on Comedy Central Presents he referred to his Wikipedia article , which he supposedly vandalized . In 2010 , Posehn released his second album Fart and Wiener Jokes . In 2011 , Posehn agreed to perform at the Gathering of the Juggalos . Some of his fans criticized this decision as being `` not metal '' . Posehn countered that `` getting a paycheck is metal '' , and expressed respect towards the Juggalo fan culture , as well as the independent music success of Insane Clown Posse and Psychopathic Records . In 2013 , Posehn released his third comedy album and first DVD , The Fartist , and in 2017 his fourth comedy album , Posehn 25x2 .
Music
In 2006 , Relapse Records released his first album , Live In : Nerd Rage . It includes `` Metal by Numbers '' , a song mocking the formulaic nature of modern `` metal '' at the time of its release . The instrumental tracks feature musicians such as guitarist Scott Ian ( of Anthrax ) , bassist Joey Vera ( then of Anthrax , but also of Armored Saint and Fates Warning ) , drummer John Tempesta ( of The Cult and White Zombie ) , and lead guitarist Jonathan Donais ( of Shadows Fall ) . Posehn also appeared in the Anthrax music videos for `` What Does n't Die '' and `` Blood Eagle Wings '' . Posehn appeared on a Season 4 episode of the music talk show That Metal Show and Lamb of God 's Walk With Me In Hell DVD , and performed `` More Metal Then You '' , a song that was included on his non-musical stand-up comedy album Fart & Weiner Jokes , with `` Brian Posehn 's All-Star Band '' on the 2010 Revolver Golden Gods Awards . Posehn appeared in The Damned Things music video for `` We 've Got A Situation Here '' . He provided backing vocals for Evile 's album Five Serpent 's Teeth .
In 2020 , Posehn released his first music-only album , Grandpa Metal , which featured guest appearances from Brendon Small of Dethklok , Scott Ian , Corey Taylor of Slipknot and Stone Sour , Weird Al Yankovic , Phil Demmel of Machine Head , Michael Starr of Steel Panther and others . The album consists of comedy metal songs , as well as metal covers of `` Take On Me '' by A-Ha and `` The Fox ( What Does the Fox Say ? ) '' by Ylvis .
Other work
Posehn has provided voice work for video games Brütal Legend as The Hunter and Star Warped as co-narrator Brian . Posehn has also voiced Grunts and various Marines in the 2004 video game Halo 2 .
Posehn appeared in the commercial `` Ink Fairy '' for Staples office supply store in its ad campaign featuring the `` Easy Button . ''
In 2006 , Posehn co-wrote the comic book The Last Christmas with writer Gerry Duggan , published by Image Comics ( ) .
In April 2009 Posehn hosted the first American `` Golden Gods Awards '' for metal music hosted by Revolver Magazine .
As part of the Marvel NOW ! initiative Posehn and Gerry Duggan co-wrote the Deadpool ongoing comic series which launched in November 2012 , lasting 45 issues . His run ended in April 2015 . The first six issues were illustrated by Tony Moore .
Since 2012 , Posehn has hosted a podcast called Nerd Poker , where a group of comedians plays Dungeons & Dragons . Co-hosts include comic book writer Gerry Duggan and comedian Blaine Capatch , among others .
Posehn has also participated in the Dungeons & Dragons campaign Force Grey : Lost City of Omu , hosted by Matthew Mercer .
Personal life
Posehn married Melanie Truhett in 2004 and has a son with her . While once known for his use of cannabis , Posehn quit smoking marijuana in 2011 , but resumed smoking about three years later .
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Video games
Podcasts
Discography
Live In : Nerd Rage ( 2006 ) – stand-up comedy
Fart and Wiener Jokes ( 2010 ) – stand-up comedy
The Fartist ( 2013 ) – stand-up comedy
Posehn 25x2 ( 2017 ) – stand-up comedy
Grandpa Metal ( 2020 ) – as Posehn ; music only
Accolades
Posehn has been nominated for two Primetime Emmys and one DVDX Award . His first Primetime Emmy nomination in 1998 for Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Music Program was for his writing on Mr. Show with Bob and David , which he shared with crew members Scott Aukerman , Jerry Collins , David Cross , Jay Johnston , Bob Odenkirk , Bill Odenkirk , B. J. Porter , and Dino Stamatopoulos . The television series ' writing staff , including Posehn , received another nomination in the same category in 1999 , which Posehn shared with Mike Stoyanov , Paul F. Tompkins , Mike Upchurch , and past writing staff from the previous year .
For his work on Run Ronnie Run ! , Posehn was nominated at the 2003 DVD Exclusive Awards for Best Original Song in a DVD Premiere Movie for `` The Golden Rule Song '' along with performer Jack Black ( with the Joey Cheesy Reunion Band ) and fellow lyricists David Cross , Bob Odenkirk , Scott Aukerman , B. J. Porter , and Eban Schletter .
Bibliography
Image Comics
The Last Christmas ( tpb , 176 pages , 2006 , )
Marvel Comics
Deadpool :
Volume 1 : Dead Presidents ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 1–6 , 154 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , May 2013 )
Volume 2 : Soul Hunter ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 7–12 , 137 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , August 2013 )
Volume 3 : The Good , the Bad and the Ugly ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 13–19 , 160 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , January 2014 )
Volume 4 : Deadpool vs. S.H.I.E.L.D . ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 20–25 , 136 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , June 2014 )
Volume 5 : The Wedding of Deadpool ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 26–28 and Deadpool Annual # 1 , 168 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , August 2014 )
Volume 6 : Original Sin ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 29–34 , 144 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , December 2014 )
Volume 7 : Axis ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 35–40 , 136 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , March 2015 )
Volume 8 : All Good Things ( collects Deadpool ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 3 # 41–44 , # 250 , 176 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , June 2015 )
Dracula 's Gauntlet ( collects Deadpool : Dracula 's Gauntlet ( Marvel Now ! ) vol . 1 # 1–7 , 200 pages , Marvel Comics , softcover , November 2014 )
References
External links
BrianPosehn.com , Official website
Brian Posehn on MySpace
Brian Posehn at Comedy Central
Interviews
1966 births
American male film actors
American heavy metal singers
American stand-up comedians
American male television actors
American television writers
American male television writers
American male voice actors
Living people
Male actors from Sacramento , California
Relapse Records artists
People from Sonoma , California
American comics writers
American people of German descent
American people of Irish descent
American writers of Italian descent
Comedians from California
Screenwriters from California
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American male writers
